4	Didn't even know the World Market had a restaurant open to the public but was pleasantly surprised.  Prices aren't bad for lunch and they have a fairly large selection.  I had the sea bass fish tacos and those were very tasty.  Hopefully they succeed.  It isn't too evident where they are so I hope they are doing more advertising.
4	Tried this for lunch today and really enjoyed it. It's a tad tricky to find -park in the North most lot in the World Market Center and enter building A - but it's worth the effort ! The decor and atmosphere are awesome. It's nice because it's cute enough for a happy hour with girlfriends but upscale enough for a business lunch or dinner. It was lunch (and we had to return to the office!) so sadly no margaritas were ordered. Chips and salsas (3) came complimentary. The salsas were awesome! None were spicy, however, so those that like heat may be disappointed. We were off to a great start...I tried the steak street tacos, and my coworker tried the carnitas in black bean sauce. Both were excellent! The steak tacos were small (as expected), but the steak was quality. It was served with a heap of guacamole and slivers of avocado on the taco. The carnita dish was awesome - huge succulent chunks of porks swimming in black beans and covered in cheese and delicious sauce. Definitely not what I would call a "light" lunch but I could imagine it's perfect for a winter day when you want something hearty. I would say this place is in a similar genre to Dos Caminos but the food is tastier, more authentic, and better priced. Lunch entrees were $10-$16 .
4	The other day we dined at Mundo in the World Market Center for lunch. This is my 4th visit since they opened last month (we're desperate for good restaurants downtown) and I am continuously intrigued by the descriptions on their menu. I passed on their delicious margaritas today to try sangria, which was excellent. If you had the chance to go to La Madonna, the previous restaurant owned by the chef of Mundo, you have probably tasted and enjoyed a similar version.I had the chicken tortilla soup, which I have ordered before, because it has an incredibly flavored broth that really sets it apart from other chicken tortilla soups I've had. It is seasoned with epazote which helps to give the soup a rich full-bodied taste is responsible for the deep red hue. Ian had the short rib tamale which was also delicious. The tamale dough wasn't dried out as it sometimes can be and the sweet bits of corn gave it a nice texture. The shortribs that were busting out of the husk made for a lovely presentation. On another night we started with the queso fundido ($12), which was a combination of four melted cheeses garnished with oven roasted cherry tomatoes, sauteed mushrooms, and a serrano chile drizzle, and served with tortillas. I loved the use of goat cheese, the mushrooms were cooked very well, and the spicy "drizzle" complimented the cheese nicely. It's a heart stopper of a dish so we didn't finish it and instead opted to save room for our entree, which was a fantastic idea. We split the filet mignon of Korobuta pork with ancho chile mango glaze and chose sauteed spinach for our side ($26). Though I think it's a stretch to use the words filet mignon to describe pork tenderloin, we both thought the dish was incredibly successful. The ancho rub on the outside of the perfectly cooked pork was wonderfully intense and the accompanying sauces really set it over the top. The mango relish on top was a fantastic sweet addition that cooled the pallet from the heat. Additionally, it was a huge portion so definitely worth the price. We thought maybe they super-sized it for us since go there frequently and have unabashedly expressed our opinions to the staff on each trip (some of which could have been taken as insults but were meant to be helpful pointers since we want the restaurant to succeed), but the waiter confirmed this is the amount everyone gets. So much for feeling special. The sauteed spinach side was great as well, and unique due to the addition of roasted jalapenos. I would absolutely get both again.
5	I've only had one experience here, so I'm going off of that. The service was a bit slow, however surprisingly, the food made up for it. They give you a trio of salsas to try - and they were varied, great tasting, and interesting. I would complain that the chips should have been served warm - they were cold. Moving on... I had a chile soup for an appetizer that was pretty amazing. Then, a chicken tamale that was out of this world. The spiciness contrasting with the sweetness of the corn was amazing. I really look forward to my next visit. This has the potential to be the best mexican(esque) food in Vegas. ;-)(Update!) - I went again and again the service was much quicker - and the food was even more spectacular! GO TO THIS RESTAURANT!
4	We had lunch here today.  Very original Mexican food.  This area of downtown is very much in need of a place like this.  We ordered guacamole for our chips & salsa.  Guacamole was very good but I wish the chips were warm.  I tried the tortilla soup very good version here (Rick Bayless Topolobampo makes the best I've had).  For mains we had carnitas & sea bass tacos.  Carnitas were tender & full flavored.  Tried a couple of bites of the sea bass tacos before my wife took them away from me!  They make a mean fish taco!  I washed my food down with some really addictive sangria.  We really liked the decor & space.  Very comfortable inside.  We will be back to try dinner soon, let's hope they survive...downtown needs more places like this!
4	This place is definitely a find.After reading about this place on "Eating Las Vegas", I was jived to give this place a try. (Also, I'd just finished watching Top Chef Masters and was chopping at this bit to try some real Mexican food - Rick Bayless rocks!)Anyway, we arrived on a Monday night for dinner. We rarely venture to the downtown area in Vegas but the restaurant is located in the World Market Center across the street from the Premium Outlet Mall. Parking is plentiful and close to the restaurant.We arrived earlier because we were really hungry. Our hostess graciously seated us early and offered a bar menu which had various Happy Hour specials at very affordable prices. We ordered the Sliders and the street tacos. Both which were fairly tasty however the sliders (for me) had too much chipotle dressing on them.They gave us a rather large bowl of freshly made tortilla chips they kept refilling along with the three different salsas. Absolutely delicious and well worth the visit.We ordered the grilled pork chop and grilled shrimp with homemade sweet corn tamales. The tamales were outstanding! I couldn't get enough of them - sweet, fluffy with fresh corn mixed in to provide a nice contrast in textures. My husband normally isn't into Mexican food but even he grudgingly gave them high marks. I normally don't like shrimp. But when perfectly cooked like this, it tasted like mini lobsters. The sauce was very rich and decadent.My husband's pork chop was well cooked to perfection and the chile glaze was outstanding. Sweet, spicy. And, like I said, Mundo changed his outlook on tamales.Overall, the entrees are excellent here. The chef clearly knows high end Mexican. The prices given the level of cuisine is very reasonable - a much better deal than the rather so-so expensive places on the Strip.The reason why this place does get 4 stars though is the poor timing of the dishes. We waited a long time between the appetizer course and the main course even though there were very few patrons in the restaurant (longer than 20minutes). It is a good thing they kept giving us tortilla chips.We were really full and couldn't order dessert so we have to try them another time.
4	Loved the pablano chile corn soup!! T'was divine. They have some unusual cocktails I would like to try another time. Massive points for outdoor seating. Caught a glimpse of the inside...very cute. Our waiter was superb.
5	This place was really good. The food was fresh and lots of choices. I really liked food. Everything I tasted was excellent and everything I saw others eating looked amazing. I am very excited to go back and try some more food. The presentation of the food was simple and creative.The dining room is laid out slightly awkwardly but furnished beautifully.  Sidebar:The female bartender liked to ignore me but I didn't hold it against the restaurant or her. As I know this is not unusual. I eat out alone a lot and as a rule of thumb this is common, female bartenders tend to ignore single female diners/drinkers. Single female diners tend to = lower tips and require more service. This only thing worse is a large group of female only customers or foreigners.  When I say ignore I mean I had flag her down for a menu, for a drink, for the chips everyone else got when they sat down, for my check, to pick up my check, ect. but it was ok because the food was really really good. Sorry for the sidebar but back to the point. The food here was excellent. Should have gone sooner and will be back.
4	I get an opportunity to stop in this place every chance I can....it has great food, beautiful people, and the personal service puts it over the top.The waiter is quick to get your drink order, and while that elixir is being created, freshly made chips and 3 types of salsa are placed on your table.  While you gorge on this appetizer and wash it down with your adult beverage requesting a second round, your appetizer of Mexican Sushi is brought to your table.  You have to try this dish!  For dinner, I recommend the mahi fish tacos...just enough with the fixings to make your stomach say "thank you."If you don't order a third drink, perhaps dessert is an option...what could ruin the evening at this point?  Notta...You just have to at least try Mundo once to say you'll be back.Yes, it's in the beautiful and monstrous World Market Center, but take some friends and I know you'll have a memorable time.
5	As the Downtown Las Vegas dining scene continues to expand faster than Kirstie Alley's waistline, along comes Mundo. Located on the ground level of Word Market Center at one of the most architecturally interesting intersections in the valley, you will find Mundo-A Culinary Haute Spot. You will discover a hip dining area and bar that is tastefully decorated and (like the food) incorporates a fusion of influences. I think you could throw a dart at the menu, and be very pleased with what comes out of the kitchen. Think freshness, flair, and fab flavor. This is not you're mamacita's Mexican restaurant. Dishes that are ordinary at other Mexican eateries are extraordinary at Mundo. This is on the upper end of the pricing scale compared to most Mexican places, with most dinner entrees in the $20-$40 range-lunch $10-$20 (a la carte), but this is clearly more labor intensive food, prepared with soul, fusing fresh-top notch ingredients into a world of savory flavors. Mundo-A Culinary Haute Spot, will rock you're mundo (world).
5	Las Vegas really needed Mundo. While the quality of "Mom and Pop" Mexican has had a tremendous surge over the past decade, the higher-end has largely gone unrepresented, particularly the Yucatan region. Robert Solano has changed that. A lot of the menu comes from his roots (he is from Merida), and there is sunshine in those Yucatecan influences that really bring vibrant flavors to the plate. With a lot of citrus, and habaneros being used to accent the usual assortment of chile's, the end results are vibrant, and remind me of the kind of cuisine I had grown so fond of while doing some projects in Mexico, but have not found on Las Vegas menus. A shame that the location does not create more visibility; but absolutely worth seeking out.
4	Looking for a bite to eat downtown, we searched and found this place on good ol' Yelp.It lived up to our expectations, as a upscale Mexican restaurant.  You may want to make reservations for the evening as the girl at the front was busily manning the phones as we entered a mostly empty restaurant for lunch.I had the calamari salad, which I would go back for- it was a bit on the oily side, but very tasty none the less.My husband had the chicken quesadilla with fresh guacamole, which he said was VERY Very good.I will definitely come back, it is a nice place to bring my mom, who loves Mexican food but isn't the tacoria type.( it is also a back door way into the design center...nice place to explore)
5	Great find for Mexican cuisine, I've eaten here about 5 times so far, each time leaving equally impressed. Mundo definitely has a talented chef. 4 1/2 stars for the cuisine. Carne asada tacos, rib eye steak, Chilean Sea bass, authentic flan, these are a couple dishes not to miss.  You will not find a better a Mexican restaurant in Vegas.
5	Bumping this fab place up to the 5 stars it deserves! If you have a car please do not eat mexican on the strip ever again! Mundo is a close drive and is FAR better than Dos Caminos, El Segundo, etc, etc. Park in the Northern most lot in the World Market Center . Surface lot is easy !Today for lunch I had the carnitas. I've been searching high and low for delicious carnitas in Vegas and now I've finally found them . By far the best I've ever had! Tender, succulent, just a hint of orange. PERFECT! Served with a beautiful tomato/habanero salad, onions, and avocado for $14. Don't waste your time on the strip, stop wasting money at Lindo - this is the place ! It's hip inside, service is amazing, and I can assuredly tell you it's the best Mexican food restaurant in Las Vegas!
3	Like Annie had written, service was not great.  I was the one who asked the waiter how is the bread made for the bread pudding, his answer was "I don't know."  WTH????  Don't know how to ask? Guess not since he didn't want to find out.  Anyways, the decor was very pretty, fine dining-like.  The bar area was very nice too, with cabinets on the back wall with installed mirror.These are the food we tried:-queso flameado *(Very nice combination...cheese, mushroom, cilantro.   Very good)-seabass (I didn't try it, but Annie had typed "...was perfectly steamed and seasoned.")-Carnitas (Some chunks were tender and nice, a few were dry)-Flan (We all liked it very much...As Annie said, "REAL FLAN."  -Sweet corn tamale (this was quite tasty)Conclusion:  My two friends loved it, I'm iffy about it.
4	Wassup Annie and Regina!So about  Mundo... It was good, but not crazy great. I would need to come back to give it a second try. Well for this try, we had the Queso Flameado which is like cheese fondue served corn tortilla. The cheese combo was really good, along with the other ingredients they put in it. Came with 3 tortillas.  Then for entrees we had Carnitas and Seabass. The carnitas was flavorful and sweet, reminded me of coca-cola braised pork. The portion was rather big which was great but again was served with 3 tortillas (note to the restaurant, please give at least 4 tortillas with the apps and entrees) The Seabass was wrapped in parchment and seasoned with spices. Cooked well but not my favorite because I'm not used to the spices. I'm more of a truest with fish - they need to be simply prepared so I can taste the fish.  For dessert we had flan and it was really good but I wasn't a fan of the strawberries and fruit syrup with the caramel sauce. About the service, the server was nice but seemed a bit casual compared to the fine dining ambiance. I would have preferred a more professional and informed server. Maybe that's the style of the restaurant but it didn't fit. Again, I need to come back and plan to because they have quite a bit of selection of beef entrees that looked good.
4	Ok.. so I heard from several different people how good this place is and I finally made it in myself. I am really looking forward to going again.I will return for dinner as I just stopped in for lunch. They get an A+ for the Guava Margarita...  The food is definitely an upscale Mexican.I have a love/hate relationship with a menu where I can narrow down what I want to only 5 things!!Super easy to get in and out as the valet is right in front of the restaurant. Food was excellent and the staff was friendly and knowledgeable. Just go you will enjoy it!
5	Just had lunch here for the second time, and this place does not disappoint! The lunch prices are pretty reasonable, the dinner prices are a bit more expensive but that is to be expected. The interior is gorgeous, metal lanterns hang all over the place and you feel relaxed as soon as you step inside. The location is a little random, but hopefully that will keep this place from getting packed so I can still wander in for lunch without worrying about a reservation. The last time I ate here I had the carnitas in black bean cilantro sauce....mother of YUMMMM it was good. That is unfortunately on the lunch menu anymore, but I'm hoping they bring it back in the winter maybe. The pork is fantastic and tender and you can taste that everything is homemade with quality ingredients. This time I ate the Sarape de pollo, which was a thinly pounded piece of chicken with manchego, black beans, and chimi churri sauce, pico, and guac on top. Again, simple but so so good. Also the chips you get when you sit down come with 3 salsas that are all also quite tasty. I haven't tried any of the drinks yet, but they have a happy hour with $3 drinks that I'm going to try sometime soon. If you enjoy simple, delicious Mexican, check this place out, it's INCREIBLE!!!
5	Housed in the downtown design center, Mundo is in a great spot --  especially if you are excited about the soon-to-be Smith Performing Arts Center and like the idea of a swanky and fun place off-strip. The decor is nice but not at all stale or formal. The service is very attentive, food delish, and the drinks delightful. Go now!
4	Mundo is a great addition to downtown dining. It has a nice loungey atmosphere and good sangrias.As far as Mexican food goes in Vegas for Vegetarians, I have not been impressed. So far happy hour at Pink Taco has been the best option.Mundo is a bit pricey but if you are looking to have a nice Mexican meal with a cocktail... this is the place.I absolutely LOVE the chopped salad. Its the best.The side dishes are also good ( the corn is my favorite)The tortilla soup is a vegetable base soup and it is also good.Other options include veggie quesadilla and enchilada. If you enjoy fish, supposedly that is good there as well.
3	The Skinny: some pretty great entrees, some not so good... skip the bread pudding (3) service: slow service - took a while to place our orders(1.5), value: remains to be seen (2).After the great experience the last time, we brought all our friends to feel the love that is Mundo. But the love just wasn't there tonight.It took a while for us to order our dishes and to hear even what the specials were tonight. It basically took at least 15 minutes to wait for our waiter to come around and take our order.I got the roasted chicken dish with tamales which was excellent - great flavours. Paired with the sweet tamales, and I was in heaven. My husband ordered the filet which was only alright. The side of mushroom didn't appear to be "wild" at all - yup! $8 for a small side of plain old button mushrooms. Would definitely not recommend this side.Another member of the table ordered the tortilla soup and taquitos which she said were both good.Unfortunately, the carnitas was a rather poor compared to the other dishes on the table. Like a previous reviewer noted - some appeared dry. We did order the bread pudding which was fair at best. Nothing special. Would probably not order again.Service, as I mentioned, was slow tonight and the timing of the dishes were poor.Overall, a significantly less pleasant experience than the last time. I'm downgrading this place to a 3 instead of a 4.
5	Other-worldly, refined, and delicious.  Best food and meal (of any kind) I've had in Vegas.  The chips and three different salsas were incredible, and I wish I hadn't eaten any because the queso flameado appetizer (goat cheese, spiced  roasted mushrooms, marinated tomato, and serrano chile sauce) was the best appetizer I've ever had.  (Only other one that compares was a wild nettle soup at Blue Plate in San Francisco.  You should go there, too!)   The queso dish was brought to us with corn tortillas in which to wrap everything, and my boyfriend and I looked at the size of the plate and thought, "We'll never finish it."   But there wasn't a drop of anything left when we were done.He got the pork tenderloin and, to this day  (a month after we went) he still recalls the pork fondly and sighs, wishing some would magically appear before him.  (I'm a vegetarian so I wish I could better describe his pork dish for you other than by saying, "Yep, looks like pork to me.")  I got roasted vegetable enchiladas and they were outstanding.  The flavors were well-balanced, they weren't drowning in cheese and other sauce, and they re-heated very well the next day (the plate, especially after the queso appetizer, was too big to consume in one sitting).  Oh, and we loved the margaritas.  They tasted exactly like margaritas, not overly sugary sour mix.  That's kind of rare, we've learned.The service was also impeccable.  Everyone was so attentive and professional.  I kind of wanted to tell them that we weren't important enough guests to be attended to so. As for the tab, it's priced for a nice dinner out -- for a romantic evening, out-of-town guests, or just a good frickin' meal -- and I can't recommend it enough.
5	This is one of the most difficult reviews I have ever written. I know the point here is to comment on the food, the service, the decor, etc. To help others choose and decide what to do and where to go. Here's the problem: I barely remember any of that stuff at Mundo. The situation is that I arranged to go here with fellow Yelper Angela H...everything went as planned with the exception of a few menu changes so we needed to rethink our orders. I remember excellent service...the food was good...decor I don't recall at all. Why?? Because I had such a great time with Angela and we talked and talked and it was just so relaxing...like having a friend over for lunch...Mundo just faded into the background. Well, maybe that truly earns Mundo 5 stars...not only did they provide a lovely place for meeting a new friend, we had no cooking or dishes to do. :)
3	I had high hopes for this place.  It had some great reviews here and at other places.  Also, I bought a groupon for it a while ago.  So, my husband and I decided on this place for our date night last night.  The shuttle from the valet parking lot was interesting, not necessary, but a nice touch.We were able to immediately order our drinks upon sitting, but while he was shortly provided with his soda, I waited ten plus minutes for my mojito.  It was mighty tasty, tho!We ordered the skirt steak skewers.  There were three for $12.  While we enjoyed them, there was just not a lot of them.  Since I was starting to worry that this might be one of those places where my husband leaves hungry, I let him have two of the skewers.I had the pork tenderloin with mexican rosotto and my husband had the chicken enchiladas.  My food was so fantastic that I didn't offer to share except for the rosotto.  My husband ate all of his enchiladas and didn't want my rosotto.  Since I decided to take half of my food home, we decided we could "share" a dessert.  (Meaning I had three bits)  We had banana and something empanadas.The food was really delicious, but minus my two mojitos, our bill was still over $70.  I just don't think it was $70 good.  I would consider trying it for lunch, since I work downtown.  I just don't think I would return for dinner, hence the 3 stars.
5	The best meal I've had in Las Vegas. The service was great and the food was phenomenal. I thought the grilled calamari was going to be the highlight until I had the Chilean Sea Bass. Seek out this restaurant. You won't be disappointed. A stand out in the Las Vegas culinary world.
4	Honey, order the Pollo Rotisado.  I've been eating chicken all my life, but I never knew chicken could taste so good.The Mexican Risotto and Queso Flameado did it for me, too.  Their iced tea is good and they have Splenda.  I'm into it.The decor is great.  The location is fun if you're early & get a chance to wander around the huge World Market Center and decorate and redecorate both the home you have and your dream home over and over in your mind.  A nice way to work up an appetite.  Once we arrived to actually eat dinner, the service by everyone was fabulous.  The chef was very kind and accomodating and came out to speak with a woman about to order who didn't "like spice" and come up with something that would be to her liking.  No overinflated ego despite chicken-cooking superpowers.A couple bummers:-Too little of that delicious sauce with the chicken.-Didn't like the chips nor any of the three accompanying salsas.-Nothing special about the carnitas.-With such amazing fillings, it's a bummer the tortillas (both corn and flour) didn't taste made on site (even if they were.  I don't know.).-We didn't get the warmest welcome when we entered the restaurant for the very first time behind another group of people only to be snapped at by a cranky waiter whose only words to us were, "We're not open yet".  OK.  This being our first visit and seeing several people enter before us, we thought we'd make a dinner reservation.  We turned around and left (didn't make a reservation) and almost didn't return after such a terrible first impression.  That dude needs some serious training and we were so happy to not be seated in his section when we returned.Still, there's no doubt I will be back.  I'll avoid that waiter again & order that delicious chicken again.  I think this place will only get better.  Be prepared to pay a pretty penny for the experience (but Restaurant.com or 3oclockclub.com can make it a little easier).
5	Best mexican ever. More like Mexican fusion than traditional, but incredibly flavorful.
5	We loved their food.  I ordered the Chilean Sea Bass and my partner ordered the Garden Enchilada.  My sea bass was fresh and cooked to perfection.  My partner loved his enchilada.  We also had the Crisp Calamari for appetizer which was cooked very well.  The service was exceptional.  They accommodated our dietary needs (we are pescatarians).  Because they knew it was for my birthday, they also gave us a dessert: the bread pudding.  It was great.  This has to be the best one I had ordered here in Vegas.  I highly recommend the restaurant.  It is definitely a nice place to have a quiet night and enjoy food.
5	I loved it.... The bf would have given it 3.5 stars but he's white I'm Mexican. I know what good Mexican food is.... He doesn't :-)
5	Mundo is one of those hidden restaurants. You will not find this place on the strip or anywhere near it. It's located in the Las Vegas Design Center at the World Market Center. My girlfriend and I always come here each time we visit Vegas. The food and service are always excellent. On Friday Nights they also have a live band. You start out your meal with some chips and a trio of salsas. Each one of them are excellent. Another enjoyable appetizer is the Queso Flameado. It is this amazing mix of 5 cheeses melted with mushrooms, cherry tomatoes, and a delicious chili sauce. You can enjoy this appetizer with the tortillas they provide, or the chips. I enjoyed it more with the chips, since it reminded me of an upscale version of nachos. One of my favorite entrees there is the short rib enchilladas. These enchiladas are soaked in a pasilla tomato sauce. The meat was so juicy and tender. There was no need for a knife. Then to end the meal, the Flan was memorable. It has a nice firm texture and the caramel was warm and sweet. it was a great way to end the meal.
5	The man can cook... the ahi tuna appetizer, shrimp tamale, and the carnitas were all top notch.. and the warm bread pudding desert topped off the meal to perfection. The old La Madonna location was much easier for us to get to, so we will not get the opportunity to visit as often, but we will look forward to it whenever we can. You should do the same... this is one of the better restaurants in all of Vegas.
5	I went to Mundo for the first time the other night completely skeptical.  My friend had talked this place up so much that I was looking for any small chink in the service.  Lets just say that the food and service exceeded all of my expectations. When i walked in and sat at the bar i ordered a kettle and tonic.  The tonic was out of the gun but when i asked the bartender if he had any bottled tonic he was more then happy to locate a bottle that he had tucked away and the drink was a very fair pour.   At dinner i ordered the prime  fillet.  OMG, it was the perfect temperature.  seared nicely on either side and cooked to a perfect medium rare with hints of red chili.  The green tomatillo sauce and chili sauce were an excellent accompaniment to the steak.   The service was spot on and we did not want for drink nor food.  The atmosphere is trendy hip decor and every dish was thoughtfully prepared with attention to detail.   I would recommend this place anytime for any occasion.  Thank you Mundo, the pleasure was all mine.
5	Let me start off by saying that as with any place, there will always be opinions on both positive and negative sides.  I think that each person should always keep in mind that one single visit to a certain place does not always warrant a review, hence the reason I always choose to try a place more then once before writing a review.Having said that, here is my review.Decor:This place is a beautiful mix of lights and mirrors, that bring about an atmosphere of intimacy and chic splendor.  The lamps are absolutely beautiful, dangling from the ceiling giving you a feeling that they're almost floating.  The mirrors around the room help make the room even more cozy by providing reflecting light and the ability to see around the room as well.  It provides ample seating, with areas for socializing, dining or having an intimate dining experience for you and a loved one!Service:The hosts/ess are all courteous and well mannered.  I've always been promptly seated, and on nights that I know are busy (Lunch, Weekend Dinners), I've been smart enough to make a reservation, and have always had my table ready by the time I arrived!  The servers are very knowledgeable about the food their restaurant carries, and are always willing to provide ample information or asked for opinion.  Finally the Food...................Where to start!  When I say that the food is phenomenal, I feel as if it doesn't do the food justice!  I think I've just about tried every plate on the menu (to include seasonal items), and let me just say that Robert (the Chef) is incredible.  He's able to capture such amazing flavors in his food, and bring about an explosive delight that just leaves you mesmerized in tantalizing flavor.The tamales, are made to perfection, being moist and firm, while still providing a softness and deliciousness that rivals even my mothers kitchen!The tacitos (app menu), while not huge are just the right amount for two people to share (as are most their apps), and are accompanied by a delightful mix of onion and lettuce with a lime spritz on the side.The queso flameado is a flavorful concoction that is not overly spicy and just the right mix of cheese and spice!The steak is made to perfection (to a persons choosing of course), and when I say nothing compares to this dish, I seriously mean it.These are just some of my favorites, I could seriously go on about each one for days, but in order to avoid getting blisters on my fingers from all this typing, i recommend you try this place out and see for yourself!Lastly Pricing:This place can obviously cost a pretty penny if you're going in with the intent of ordering a lot of dishes, however, for those thrifty eaters, you can definitely find a variety of affordable items, that will not only provide you with a decent amount of food, but also an amazing dining experience.NOTE:  If you like alcohol, by all means try any of the house specials and be prepared for an extraordinary drink!
5	The biggest shrimp I've EVER seen. Hand-sized and quite delicious. Mundo works with Alien Tequila and I strongly suggest  trying the Alien Tequila margarita if you go to Mundo. It is one of the smoothest drinks I've tasted.
4	Atmosphere: Being inside the World Market Center, Mundo has certainly earned its right to the space inside this building. The mood is created by soft lighting (iron cast lanterns and dimly lit candles along the wall) and mirrors. Inspiration came from several places. The oversized teal and leather brown armchairs coupled with regular restaurant seats created an "Alice in Wonderland" feel to it. The lounged also captivated imagination with a similar approach. The use of mirrors, lanterns, and large objects was intriguing. Drinks:He had a mojito and I had the sangria. They were decent, B-class drinks. The mojito was sweet and refreshing, the sangria was nice.Food:Appetizer - had the fried calamari. It was delicious!Entrees - he had the carnitas (cooked to tender perfection) and I had the scallops. They were orgasmic! I would recommend these two dishes and order them both again for sure!
5	This Mexican restaurant is very upscale though I think the interior decorator may have pulled a fast one on the owners.  Our server, Jose Luis, was exceptionally informative and assisted us as we worked through the menu.  We started off with complimentary tortilla chips and 3 excellent dips.   My wife chose the avocado leaf crusted sea scallops with poblano and corn rice, mango relish and salsa verde.  I selected the tamarind ancho chile glazed pork tenderloin served with a mango relish and Mexican risotto (double cream, poblano and corn).  The tenderloin took 20 minutes to prepare so be forewarned.  We both agreed that this was our best dining experience in a very long time.
5	Service was excellent and the food was even better! Awesome Short Rib Tamales!
5	This is without a doubt the best Latin restaurant I have been to in Las Vegas, and I've been to quite a few. Every dish I've tried at Mundo has been delectable, but the red chile crust prime filet mignon and the pollo rostisado are my favorites.  There's also a great selection of wines to complement every meal.To top it off, the decor in the restaurant is stylish and elegant, and the service is outstanding. When family and friend come to visit, I take them to the Mundo Restaurant and I recommend it to everyone.
5	I've gone shopping several times at the outlets across the street and just recently realized I was foot steps away from this incredible restaurant. Its on the ground floor connected to that Vast Building - World Market Center. This place blends right in the exquisite countours of its surroundings including the  High Society individuals that roam around the floors buying/selling imported designer furniture.. Mundo showcases ULTRA Innovative Modern Classy / Chic Furniture + Lighting. Also a nice patio area for those of you who need to puff on something.Appetizer:Comes with Chips and 3 Different Salsas for dipping. Standard Nacho/Tortilla chips, 1 mild chunky red salsa, 1 cilantroey tad spicy green salsa and 1 roasted garlic packed brown salsa. All Very Tasty!Queso Flameado: a mix  of cheese, mushroom, tomatoes and chile with a side of tortillas (I opted for flour). It looked like Abstract Art in a bowl.. First, I took a scoop of it and spread it on one half of the tortilla. Next, I folded over the plain half (make like a half moon or taco). Last, take a bite and enjoy! Just think quesadilla taco?! It was Astonishing! Be careful, to leave room for your entree as this quite a heavy starter.Carnitas: chunky cubes stacked in the middle of the plate surrounded by a scoop of guacamole, slices of spicy seasoned tomatoes, onions and cilantro with a side of corn tortillas. This wasn't some Taco truck or any other type of carnitas I've seen or had before. Fork cut into it as if it was a razor sharp knife. Extremely tender and packed a mild yet unique pork flavor. A whole new take on carnitas that was remarkably Inspiring!Chilean Sea Bass: jalapeno cilantro lime marinade, potato, jalapeno and tomato, thats been steamed in a banana leaf. It came wrapped in some paper with a couple slices of lime sitting on top. How imaginative, I've never opened a dinner gift before! I gently unwrapped the paper and there it was, a thick fillet of fish with the tomatoes, seasonings, jalapeno and potatoes anchoring it on both sides! The fork just slid through the fish as if nothing was there. This thing was so flaky/soft that it was about to disinigrate!!  I squeezed some of the lime juice on it, picked up a little piece of everything and had a taste.. Great complex flavors of cilantro and spices, it was nothing my palate had experienced before! It really was a gift.. Just the right everything, what a creative and sophisticated dish! Very Impressive!Flan: small round, the usual looking flan with a little pool of sweet/cinnamony liquid?! Raspberry, Blueberry, nuts and a swipe of red berry syrup placed artisticly around it. Nice mix of colors and placement, another piece of art. Everything on point, no complaints! A nice way to end the night on a sweet note.A Positive unusual perspective of Flavors, Masterpiece Presentations and First-Class Service!
4	I would have never found this place if I weren't looking for it.  We noticed by the clientele that it seems to be frequented mostly by fashionistas of sorts from the world market center.  After reading some glowing reviews we went to treat ourselves for an anniversary dinner.  Overall, food and atmosphere were both very pleasing, but I wasn't absolutely blown away.  Due to the relatively high price (we went for dinner), this isn't going to replace your weekly neighborhood Mexican joint, but definitely worth a visit for special occasions.We started our meal with the "queso flameado", asadero cheese, goat cheese, mushrooms, tomatoes, and a serrano sauce.  YUM!  This was delicious, although it was essentially a bowl full of cheese.  We had way too much cheese for the few toasts provided, so ended up eating it straight.  This dish is probably better suited for a group of 4 than 2.  I'd prefer half the amount, and half the price so we could order a second appetizer!  I ordered the sangria that was way too sweet for my tastes (I prefer dry wines though, so I'm a bit finicky about sangria).  My boyfriend had a well made martini, and for his main course he ordered the "sarape de pollo", which was a simple pounded chicken breast with a limey dressing, black beans, cheese, guac, and pico.  He very much enjoyed it, I found it a bit too salty.  I ordered a seafood special, that was quite good, with a side of the famous sweet corn tamales.  The texture of the "tamales" was devine, but it was a bit too sweet for my tastes for the main meal.  I pretended I was eating desert with my meal and was happy.For what it is, the price is appropriate and the food is relatively creative.  I would definitely return for a nice dinner or give the lunch specials a try (if it weren't so far away from my office), and I recommend others check it out, it's unlike any other I've found in Vegas.
3	The food here is great.  The service sucks.First, I came here for dinner and drinks with my husband.  The restaurant looked pretty empty but they sat us next to a service station with a wastepaper basket.  The servers tossed trash past our heads into the trash can until I glared at them enough and they got the hint.  Still, it's not rocket science people. But the shrimp Diablo and sea scallops were excellent.  Perfectly yummy.More recently, I came here for lunch with a friend.  It was packed and you needed a reservation to sit at a table for lunch.  We ended up sitting at the bar and waiting forever for service.  The bartender handed us menus and then proceeded to run around like a chicken with his head cut off.  He just could not multi-task.  For example, if someone needed a drink refill that was his one and only focus.  He couldn't deal with more than one drink refill at a time, much less any other tasks.  It was painful to watch.Some people sat next to us and they knew the drill.  When the bartender tried to hand them menus, they refused and rattled off what they wanted before he could get away.  When we tried to order from him after they did, the bartender wasn't having it.  Apparently he could only handle one task at once.  When we finally got him to take our order, he complained to us like it was our fault.  He said, and I quote, "It's not like I'm just hanging out back here."  Ok.  We had to remind him to bring our drink orders and had doubts that he even put our lunch order in.  It was horrendous.By the time we got our food, my friend was starving.  She ordered the tortilla soup without cheese because she can't have cheese.  But it came with it anyway.  She had some and then focused on her cheese-free salad.  We knew we'd be there for another hour if we tried to resolve the soup issue, so we just let it go.  I hope she didn't get sick.But once again, the food was excellent.  I had the chicken tostada salad which is deconstructed - not exactly what I expected. At first I thought they gave me the wrong thing. But it was really good. It comes with a whole chicken breast and then the tostada off to the side.  The chicken was nice and juicy.  It comes with a great, spicy sauce.  The tostada was crisp with the right amount of beans, salsa, guacamole, cheese, and crema.The design of this place is just stupid.  A large chunk of the middle of the bar is taken up by a pile of ice with tequila in it.  Why I have no idea.  And they used to have tables across from the bar but they took those out to put in couches and ottomans.  All this makes no sense to me.  It's not like people are going to the World Market Center to go clubbing.  Yet they are designing it like a club for some reason.  But the restaurant could use more seating, especially during lunch.  They should bring out the couches and weird ice thing on the bar during dinner when it's dead if they think it's so brilliant.They do not have the staff to handle the occasional demand for this place.  Plus, the staff I've encountered lack basic common sense. It's disappointing because the food is really well-executed.  Maybe takeout?  I have to give it an A-OK because I love the food.  I hope the service will get better.  I'll give it a few months and try again.  Perhaps.
4	Mundo is owned by longtime Las Vegas businessman George Harris. Mr. Harris is known for putting his money where his mouth is, taking political stands, backing candidates, launching a better tequila and now, opening Mundo Restaurant in the city of Las Vegas. I mention that it is in the city for locals who'll understand that it would have been easier to be closer to the Strip, in the county but Harris did right by Las Vegas at a time when the city needs all the new business it can get.As I said, George Harris puts his money where his mouth is your mouth will love him for it. Mundo isn't what you'd call Mexican food, it's really high-end Southwestern cuisine.Mundo is THE PLACE for locals celebratingt a special occasion and of course for visitors look for  THE BEST LAS VEGAS HAS TO OFFER.-Willie WattersLas Vegas, Nevada
3	Place is very good upscale Mexican. I recommend the fish tacos or one of the tamales.
2	The location is beautiful and interior has a unique touch so it has a lot of promise to be a great daytime business lunch or a cozy dinner date. We were just at the Premium Outlets next door and Yelperazzi needs some drinks. There were three different waiters coming to our table at first and that's a lot of milling about when they don't coordinate with each other. One already talked to us about drinks, another took our order, another wanted to give us menus and take our order again. The ordering waiter was pushing hard for us to get appetizers when we were going to just try a drink and sit here deciding our next venue. We were just left alone after given drinks and complimentary chips until we were brought a check. I got the Mundo Martini - Elnino said mine tasted like mountain dew blue. I've never had that, but the blue curacao and pineapple definitely come through and it's a sweet drink. I liked mine, but it wasn't the most palette tantalizing drink out there.The Sassy Senority Margarita went to our sassy gal Lily. It has prickly pear in it and the juice was going bad which made the "feet" taste. We suggest they taste check their juices periodically. Elninos drink, the Paloma had grapefruit in it, but I barely tasted it since it seems they didn't put juice- just a fruit slice. It was strong alcohol if you drink from one part of the drink and then water on the other. Mixed up well since the flavors weren't together and then it was watered down vodka with a grapefruit in it. El Andys probably was the most "complex" in fragrance, but still was more sweet than anything. Still, the Spanish Kiss wasn't even a peck on the cheek. All our drinks were $8-$11 which is a theft for drinks that didn't impress.(Sorry and thanks El Andy). Shoulda went to Herbs&Rye for a cocktail!  So this isn't our spot for drinks it seems but I'll give them another try for Happy Hour appetizers and also I have a GC for dinner so I'll save the next review for the most important items- the food. For now, I think for the weirdly enthusiastic, pushy service turned cold to the subpar drinks the 2 I think is fair.
5	First of all, I probably never NEVER ever EVER would have discovered this restaurant without yelp's assistance. Thanks for that yelp. This Mexican restaurant is tucked away in the World Market Center, which most people in Vegas are clueless about anyway. I strolled in here on a Saturday afternoon w/ a friend around 2. Even though the showrooms of the center were closed for the weekend, Mundo had a few groups of patrons. From the moment you walk in you just feel cool. You already feel like you aren't in Vegas from the outside. There is chic (and comfortable) furniture, trendy mirrors, CNN on the plasma, and a pleasant vibe. Its fancy, but not so fancy it makes you feel like you have to use your most prim and proper behavior. The waiters were very attentive, the menu is easy, drinks come in large wine type glasses, and you get complimentary tortilla chips and sauces. I had the "Chicken Tostida Salad" and my friend just got some guacamole (its ridiculously priced at $9, but its mashed fresh to order). Although I expected a larger portion of the salad, it was divine! In all honesty, best salad I've ever tasted. The chicken was roasted to perfection and very tender. Be warned, it is spicy, but I probably should have expected that. For iced tea (unsweetened) and a salad, my order came to $17.30. The waiters were very friendly and stopped by our table multiple times to check on us.I HIGHLY recommend this place. Can't wait to go back and get some more. As its not at all noticeable from the outside, its definitely a local surprise that everyone should experience.
4	I have been to this resturant three times so that should tell you that it is a good place to eat. the food is awsome the love the fact that the dinner menu is different from the lunch menu which allows you to try several different items on the meni. the happy hour portions are nice size as well for you to have sometyhing to snack on while having drinks. The pricing is well worth what you get in food size and taste. The one issue that needs to be addressed is the service. thw two times i was there i had servers who seemed as if they had just started with the resturant. Overall i would for sure tell people to try this place i will be going back when my friends come into town in two months.
5	Can you say FOOD-GASM? well, if you can't, I will say it again for you: FOOD-GASM!My BFF (best foodie friend), Emily, took a group of us to this place off the Vegas strip, and now I am even more in love with her food "taste."I am a sucker for any place that gives you more than one type of "sauce" to dip something in--Mundo gave us 3 yummy salsas to delight my tastebuds. If that weren't enough, the Rostisado Chicken (Pollo Rostisado) had enough delectable spices to send me around the world flying on food ecstasy. The creamy street corn had a spicy kick which punched my mouth with flavor. And of course I had to try the Jalapeno risotto, just so my stomach could hate me with heartburn. This is not a cheap place, but good friends save their pennies and take other friends with them to food heaven. Thank you, Emily for being a good friend :)(p.s. the service and atmosphere were nice as well)
2	1st of all - you need a map to find the place, and I knew it was in the World Market Center.  The access for locals is tough, the parking is even tougher, I had to circle three times just to find the way in.  Once in the place I hate to say I was disappointed, because typically I only review places I like, but this place just did not work for me.  I like Carnitas, and they were just not that good.  My wife had a tuna appetizer for her main course and she enjoyed it, but that did not make up for what seemed like a big price for a marginal meal......
5	Incredible!  Great food, great drinks, great atmosphere.Love that they are bringing such a fun time to downtown vegas.  If you like Mexican, you will LOVE this place.
5	Amazing!! Its a hidden gem. Great Service, delicious food, also romantic & beautiful atmosphere. Two Thumbs up, It's a must Go!
4	They are getting knocked down a star as I think the prices have gone up.  Still delicious food, but the lunch prices are a little high so I reserve this place for special splurges now.  Happy hour is still kick ass though and I still love the place.
5	Someone recommended that I try this place and I was more than pleasantly surprised.  We were seated quickly, chips and salsa came, three salsa choices not the typical one salsa.  I had the short rib tamale, and I wasn't sure what to expect, but when my food came (not a very long wait, which is great at lunch time) it was very pleasant to look at, more like a piece of art than lunch.  When I took my first bite...WOW!  Full explosion of flavor, great taste.  This is not your typical Mexican restaurant, to which added to me wanting to try it.  My wife and kids enjoyed their lunch, Our waiter was very quick to refill our glasses each time they got low, not empty.  Thanks to the whole staff for making it a great experience!
5	I'd come back here just for the Queso Flameado - a super tasty mix of cheeses, with a few mushrooms/tomatoes thrown in.. maybe some spicy chilis. Spinach was good, bread pudding dessert was excellent. The two steak entrees were good & excellent, I forget which one was the excellent one.. we were sharing. Man I suck.... but hey my Yelp reviews are more for me to remember where to go than to help you, my dear readers. My friends were impressed with the spunky valet in the hat. Nice decor, and awesome setting at the World Market Trade Center.. feels great to come out of there and see the impressive buildings.
5	I think I found my new favorite Mexican restaurant! What a great menu of upgraded of Mexican fare with familiar selections such as street tacos, chicken tortilla soup, enchiladas, carnitas, and very tasty sangria with fresh seasonal fruit! However, you MUST, MUST, MUST order the the Mexican style street corn. Can you say, HEAVEN on a plate?! Morsels of de-cobbed corn kernels mixed in with a buttery tasting sauce with a little kick of spice. Service was good, and ambiance even better. The decor composed Moroccan style lanterns fused with gothic velvet curtains. Great for a romantic dinner for 2 or even a catching up with a group of friends. This one will definitely will be on the repeat visit list!
4	Odd, but neat location. A little hard to find. Great food.
4	Great food, fun atmosphere. Went here during happy hour..the staff was very friendly and helpful with ideas on what to order from the happy hour menu. I always ask what their fav. thing is. Great hangout spot to relax.
4	I'm constantly surprised by Mundo.  I seem to wind up here every couple of months, whether for lunch or dinner, and each time they have managed to come up with another tweak to their menu that takes Mex food to the next level.Is service the greatest in town? No.  Are prices low? Definitely not.  What Mundo does have is a unique, tasteful space, rocking sangria, and a veritable monopoly on gourmet Mexican fare in Las Vegas.  I have yet to take a first-timer here that hasn't been impressed.My only big complaint is that they took the Roasted Poblano Corn Chowder off of the menu.  One of the most phenomenal soups that I have ever tasted.  If you're a meat fan, I highly recommend the Ribeye, and the Poblano risotto is fantastic.
5	Mundo has, hands down, my favorite happy hour in Vegas. Ok well one of my top 3!Popped in with girlies yesterday for snacks and sangria. Sangria and margaritas are $4. Can't beat that!  They make a quality fresh margarita - none of that premade mix crap. There are other drinks offered at happy hour as well. There's about 15 food items to choose from ranging in price from $3 for a moist delicious sweet corn tamale to $10 for steak skewers with chimichurri. The queso flameado and calamari are a must! Chips and salsa are complimentary and Aaron and Mark will take excellent care of you. Furthermore, it's awesome inside. The chocolate brown velvet coupled with the bright turquoise accents and hanging lanterns set the scene in this hidden gem.
5	Thank you Yelp for once again steering us to a fabulous out-of-the way spot we would have never found without you! Chips and Salsa are brought to the table (thank you). We also ordered some guacamole. Fantastic. The sangria was above average but the margaritas were out of this world! Our server Jose (helpful, courteous, attentive and all around A+ server) recommended the Shrimp Tamale and it was amazing! I had garden enchiladas which were also great but second to the shrimp dish. Also had the Mexican risotto as a side: sublime. The Mexican corn side dish was good but didn't really mesh flavor-wise with my dish so I think I would have enjoyed it more with a different entree. Too full for dessert! Then, the cherry on top: we got a discount for our Yelp check-in! Whoo Hoo!To sum up: superb food, exceptional service, delicious drinks, delightful ambiance. Worth the trip off the strip.
5	Been here twice for lunch! Chips and salsa are good! First time I had the Chilean Sea Bass tacos... yummy but a bit too spicy for my taste buds! Nonetheless, it was still flavorful! Today I had the Steak tacos... Yummers!! Love the decor! Friendly & quick service! Kind of pricey for Mexican food... but it's worth it!
4	I love upscale Mexican food, so I've been looking forward to eating at Mundo ever since I bought a 3oclockclub coupon to there a couple months ago. I  made my reservation well in advance, assuming that a place like this would be slammed on a Saturday night. Thanks to the directions in previous reviews, parking was a breeze (valet in the north lot - you're right out front of the restaurant). I really enjoyed the decor and atmosphere inside and the service was excellent. Even though the room is very open, our table still had a nice quiet feeling. Then again, that may be because the entire restaurant has a quiet feeling (7pm on a Saturday - 2 other parties eating!). The food was very good. We got the queso flameado to start and seriously, my husband and I were practically licking the bowl to get every bit of that cheesy goodness out. For our dinner we split the chicken taquitos (solid) and the carnitas (excellent). The carnitas was probably 8-10 good sized chunks of pork in a delicious sauce, served with tortillas (corn or flour) and some veggies/guacamole on the side. The meat was really really good. This is a pretty upscale place, so the entrees all average around $25. For 1 entree, 2 appetizers, and 2 glasses of wine, our total with tip was about $100.One problem with Mundo: I wanted to feel like I was going "out" when I came here (yes, I like a little bit of a scene, especially when I'm paying big bucks). Maybe it's more of a lunch place? Happy hour crowd? Maybe the location is just too weird? Not quite sure what the issue is, but I really hope that the place catches on! In the meantime, I will keep Mundo in mind, but will not be rushing back. bottom line: great food, great service, cool atmosphere, high prices, no people.
4	Took some out of towners for dinner last night.  There were muy impressed with the world market center and the lovely decor and ambience of Mundo.Our food was excellent.  We started with the queso flameado and guacamole.  Unfortunately, they served our 2 quesos with 6 tortillas and we had 7 people.  Honestly Mundo!?!? You can't serve 1 tortilla per person when we ordered $28 worth of queso??? Not cool.  We asked for more tortillas and received them approximately 12 minutes later after the cheese had congealed.I had the scallops.  They were seared with a cripy outside and tender inside; topped with a mango  brunoise and accompanied with a flavorful rice.  It was delicious - SPICY!Everyone else was pleased with their meals too.  All plates were spotless after the meal!Service was mediocre at best but food delicious as always.
4	As the only Yelper in my group, I've gotten used to the pressure of "Steph, find us a good place to go." In this case we were in Vegas, where the options are endless! The group consensus was that they wanted Mexican food, but higher end (and I wanted a cocktail!!!)Found Mundo, and got there at 6:50 pm (Happy hour ended at 7 pm.) I was stoked to make it, because they had 1/2 off appetizers and drink specials. We weren't sitting in the bar, though, and I was told happy hour was just for bar patrons. We couldn't move because we had an infant with us....I guess I looked sad, because suddenly our server changed his mind and allowed us the special pricing. Yay! Our party of 4 had a variety of different appetizers, including chicken "taquitos" that were street tacos of the most gourmet varierty. Their calamari appetizer is NOT TO BE MISSED. Next time I go to Vegas I want an order of that all to myself. For an entree, my boyfriend and I shared the filet mignon chile rilleno, and that (along with guacamole, calamari, and bites of the chicken street tacos) was more than enough food. The margaritas were fabulous, and on special during happy hour. I think their house margaritas are $3 or $4 dollars. Very fresh, and did not give me heartburn, so I think the mix was homemade. Delish! They have an accoustic guitarist play every night, and on this particular night he was playing everything from Frank Sinatra to John Meyer. It was the perfect noise level, loud enough that it was enjoyable, but not so loud that you couldn't hear your friends talk across the table. My perfect decibel level. I think the biggest fan of our group was my 18 month old niece, who was swaying to the music the whole time. Overall, we loved the ambience, the service, the quality of the food, and the cocktails. Yelp--you came through yet again. We will definitely be back to this hidden gem.
5	Awesome
3	contemporary mexican food, great flavor, if not slightly pricey.This place is actually located on the ground level of the massive World Market center just north of the Premium Outlets mall, so if you think you are driving the wrong way, you are likely right on track.There are two things on the menu that stand out, the Wagyu Skirt Steak dinner and the Mexican Street Corn side dish.  We have tried a few things, but these are the best. The skirt steak has great flavor, and the mexican corn is so creamy and lime with just enough cilantro (which I hate) to be perfect.  The flavor on both of these dishes is outstanding.Now the reason for 3 stars and not 4.  If you order 2 of those skirt steakd dinners with 4 margaritas and you are over $100 without tip, so set expectations accordingly.  Mundo is 4 star on flavor, but I gave them 3 stars as they are just a bit pricey.  Maybe if drinks were less it would be enough to get the bill down and i would have no reservations on a 4 star rating.
3	I finally got around to trying Mundo. The husband and I dined on a Tuesday night, it was pretty quiet with only a couple other diners. You'd expect service to be top notch, but unfortunately it was confused more than anything. We had three different people check on us, but there was no communication between them. Odd, but on to the food. We started with chips and salsa and guacamole. The guac was simple, fresh and tasty. Next, we ordered the shrimp tamale and carnitas. The tamale was very good with chipotle glazed shrimp. The carnitas, however, were a big disappointment. There was more fat than meat, the flavor was bland seemingly tasting of wine more than anything else. I missed that tender succulent porkiness you usually get with carnitas. These were such a miss it was tempting to run over to Casa Don Juan to satisfy the craving. I tend to favor authentic Mexican but I did like Mundo (aside from the carnitas) better than other upscale Mexican restaurants I've tried -  Dos Caminos, Isla, and Agave.
4	Update: Although only three checkins, I've been to dinner here at least 15 times. Service is alway mediocre and the food always amazing. Be sure to try the sangria. As a local, in search for a great Mexican restaurant, I may have found it. Amazing food full of flavor. Beautiful interior and good service. I found this restaurant on Wednesday and came back Saturday. On my first trip I had the lunch special of grilled Mahi tacos with mango salsa and today was my favorite dish from any restaurant this year...short rib enchiladas. OMG soooo good, I'm thinking of making the 15 mile drive again tomorrow.
4	While it is very hard to find the food is excellent.  We decided to try it one night we were headed to Fremont Street and it was well worth the stop.  The soup was delicious, margaritas perfectly mixed and my steak super tender.  Our waiter, Jose, was so funny he had us rolling.
4	This place came recommended by one of the receptionists at our hotel, the food was excellent, moderately priced, and timely: Things I love. The waiters changed, between ordering drinks & appetizers (the Mexican street corn is a definite MUST) and ordering dinner. So, in the change, they forgot our sweet potato fries, but I'd still say it was a great experience
4	Mundo is a hidden gem in Las Vegas! Located in the World Market Center, it's centrally located near downtown. Trendy and cool you definitely feel like a VIP. I had lunch with a client at Mundo and had the chicken tacos. Served al a carte, the portions aren't huge but perfect for lunch. We also ordered the guacamole which was made to order and delicious. My tacos were $12, a little pricey for a lunch, but definitely worth the food, service and atmosphere.
4	I had this place on my radar for some time. I have been to this group's previous endeavor, La Madonna, some time back and had really enjoyed the cuisine there. Mundo is pretty much the same concept with the same successful outcome. I had a gift card that I have wanted to use and I also heard about the 15% off one entree with a Yelp check-in so was eager to try it out.I had read about bad service from previous Yelp reviewers, but was pleasantly surprised by the service the bartender / waiter gave us. He was very friendly and hospitable. He made the evening quite enjoyable. I started my meal off with an Alien Margarita, which was heavenly, my fella wasn't as lucky with his martini. It was a little, I mean a lot, too strong for either of us to digest. He was a trooper and downed it at the end though. I ordered the filet mignon chile relleno and my fella got the shrimp diablo. Both were amazing. The sauces were perfection, the flavors were well-balanced and the perfect texture. I preferred my dish, but the shrimp was no joke. Super spicy and delicious. I look forward to trying some of the sides and appetizers when I come back with more of an appetite or during Happy Hour.We finished our meal with some homemade flan. This was absolutely delicious. I would have preferred no fruit on top as I don't like the mixture of flavors, but this was easily my favorite part of the meal.I look forward to trying this place again for lunch or maybe even their brunch options and I've heard good things about their Happy Hour. If only the location wasn't so awkward and out of the way. Oh well, totally worth the effort.
5	If you have $100 to spare on food and drinks, there's no better place to dine. What more can I say than I dine out at least twice a week and it's mi all time favorito! Might I also note, I'm super critical when it comes to Mexican food. It is gourmet, but truly authentic.
5	I've eaten here three times and each time the food has impressed me. A couple of things I like are the portions and the attention to detail. This is not a Hash House (no offense but who can eat that much) second the quality and taste are right on point. One example is the Chicken Tostada. Not what you think but really good. The skin is charred in a way that gives it an amazing flavor and texture.  Everything I have tried works for me. I have only been here for lunch so it's time to ring the dinner bell on this gem. The decor is really nice as well.  As others have stated finding it might be your biggest challenge but the valet is literally steps from the door. It's in the World Market Center on the first floor.
4	Went here today as a spur of the moment yelp spot.   Was looking for something around Charleston and the I-15 area and lo and behold i found this place.My first impression was how fancy the place was.  You're ok if you dress casual but you'd feel a lot more comfortable if you wore something a little more dressy.  Like a button up or something of that nature. I walked in with a T-Shirt and jeans thinking it was a casual restaurant and was surprisingly mistaken.Ambiance is Very classy romantic.  Would be a good place to get to be able to talk and get to know a date.  They have unique chandeliers hanging from the ceilings and a wall of dim lights that gives it that romantic feelService was great and very accommodating.  For the ladies the waiter would place the napkin on the ladies lap and all that fancy jazz.  While i can learn to love the feeling i know the ladies felt funny about it knowing we were feeling underdressed.  They were very prompt on refilling drinks and making sure we were very comfy.Food was delicious.  I ordered the shrimp diablo.  It was filling, packed with flavor and heat (as something with the word diablo in the name should!)   The rice it was served with i felt accompanied the dish very well. My friend ordered the Sea scallops with the mango relish and was in love with that as well.  We all felt full but not quite full where we were uncomfortable.  So it was justly sized portions.Price of the place is on the high end of the $$.  Typically entree's ranged from 20- 40$ Overall i liked the place a lot and would consider a date here if i'm on that side of town.  Maybe a nice stop to fill up before first friday or something.
5	We had our wedding reception/luncheon here on a Saturday, and they made a reservation for us for 30 people no problem, and had the table ready to go and beautifully decorated when we arrived. They even asked if we had special requests of how we would like it set-up. We ordered from the brunch menu, and everyone was more than satisfied with the food. A couple orders did come out just slightly behind the others, but they made sure to come and acknowledge it, and provided a complimentary entree for us to sample while we waited. The decor of the Restaurant was gorgeous and they allowed us to take wedding photos in a side room that happened to be empty, and even offered to adjust the lighting for our photos. They were willing to split the check by couples, and the entire staff was very courteous through the whole experience. I was nervous about going here for such an important event, considering we didn't know anyone that had actually dined here before, but it turned out so wonderfully, and helped create some beautiful memories.
4	First of all, what a fun place. Probably a bit hard to find your first time (I was a passenger, so perhaps it's just me being poor with my sense of direction), but it's a little hidden away in the World Market Center. We valeted , which is a little funny b/c your car ends up parked right next to the door, but for a couple bucks, it's super convenient.  Inside, the decor is hip, the tables are very generously spaced - no bumping into anyone on the way to the bathroom.So back to the dinner. I had the Queso Flameado for a starter, because, well, I can't turn down much that has 'queso' in the name... It was flavorful and interesting with the addition of goat cheese.  For an entree, I split the Scallops with Mr. L - perfectly seasoned and cooked, great texture.We were dining with friends that are vegan, and they seemed extremely pleased with what there was available to order, and the waiter was very accommodating with helping them modify certain dishes. Topped off with a pretty reasonably priced bottle of pinot noir, and it was a great night!I hear this place is busy for lunch, but it seemed like a fairly slow dinner time... I really don't want them to close for dinner hours, so please give this place a try for dinner too! :-)
5	This place is truly a gem. I have been here twice and will continue to go back time and time again. First of all, the Alien Margaritas are AMAAZING! They fresh squeeze the limes, use Alien tequila, and agave nectar. Very delicious! The sangria is also very good but does not compare to the margaritas. Over the last two visits I have tried the sea scallops crusted with ground up avocado leaves, the sea bass in a cilantro jalapeno sauce, and the chile relleno stuffed with filet mignon and goat cheese. These were all delicious dishes but the sea scallops are still my favorite. They come with a rice that has a diabla sauce on it that adds spice and flavor to the scallops. If you do not usually like scallops because they are lacking in flavor you may enjoy this dish. I really hope that word gets out about this restaurant since it is hidden and not many people seem to know about it.
5	Ok, now it's time to talk a little bit about their brunch!  We went for dinner, which was my first review. Dinner was excellent, but on our way in we noticed a sign for their brunch specials on the weekend. Brunch is perhaps my favorite meal of the day, so it was decided --- Mundo brunch for my birthday :-)We had a table of 6 I think, and were one of only a couple groups in the whole place. I'd love to see this place stay, so I'm hoping more of you will give it a try!So first things first. Bottomless drinks. For $20 you get either bloody marys or mimosas (in several flavors far more interesting than just OJ). Our server gave us the great idea of one person ordering one, the other ordering the other, and we could mix-match to our hearts desire! Genius since I love bloody marys, but bottomless could weigh you down after awhile. Food - I got the Benedict Mexicano --- DELISH.Jalapeno corn bread instead of english muffin.Pork carnitas instead of canadian bacon/ham.Green chile hollandaise instead of normal heavy hollandaise. Genius. It was so good, it makes me wonder why Mr. Benedict didn't just make it this way from the beginning.  Normally I have order envy, where no matter how happy I am with what I order, I covet what my neighbors have. Not this time. I didn't want to trade, I didn't want to share.  I can't even tell you what the other 5 people at my table ordered, but they all loved it too, so I don't think you can go wrong :)
1	WORST DINING EXPERIENCE EVER! We made reservations for Mundo Restaurant after a glowing recommendation by a good friend. After days of anticipation my wife and I finally had a date for my birthday - just the two of us. We were sat at a table for two next to a pillar by the bar. The first thing I noticed was that my fork on the table was filthy. It looked as though someone had dipped it into melted cheese, took a lick and decided it was too hot to eat so they left it to cool down on the table. EEWW. Strike ONE!!! Our server finally came after waiting almost 10 minutes, and asked if we wanted something to drink. Before we ordered our drinks, I asked if he was the server we had requested on our reservation. He replied with a stiff 'NO" and told me the server we were looking for had the day off, OK I thought, no big deal. We were just told to ask for that server because he was a friend of a friend. While looking through the menu, my wife asked if any of the entrees were not spicy. He replied, "This is a Mexican restaurant, everything will have some spiciness to it." OK, not the response my wife and I were expecting. Strike TWO!!! We finally ordered our food on his suggestion that the entree, carnitas, would not be too spicy for my wife, and I ordered the sea bass. The server asked if we wanted chips and salsa and my wife and I said "sure". He hollered to someone from there to bring some chips and salsa. A few minutes later we received the chips and salsa which were stale and had powdered chili on them. HELLO! Our appetizer of calamari was bland. It had two different sauces with it. One which was green and was OK. My wife asked that person who dropped off the chips n salsa, if she could order a frozen drink. She rarely drinks and I guessed she wanted to loosen up a little. The server came over after quite a while and said that they did not have a blender behind the bar to make frozen drinks with. Strange I thought but - whatever. No suggestions on anything else, just sorry no blender. My wife's vegetarian tortilla soup that she had ordered on the servers recommendation that it would not be spicy, was brought with a wonderful presentation by a friendly and sincerely happy young man. Unfortunately the soup was more like a tomato broth. She did not like it - and it was spicy. Our entrees came out and dropped off. No one asked if we needed anything else at the moment, if we could use another drink, not even a simple "Enjoy". My seabass was wrapped in some kind of parchment paper. Smelled pretty good, but was too spicy even for me who enjoys spicy food. My wife's carnitas she said was OK, also had some kind of salad to one side which on her first bite made her turn red and cry. She exclaimed "This is SPICY!" The server walks by and I tell him that he had said her dish would not be spicy. His response was, "Oh just be careful with that," pointing at the salad, "it has slices of Habanero in it." I couldn't believe it. The spiciest chili in the world, maybe, was on my wife's plate. And no sorry no nothing. Horrible. It came to dessert, and my wife mentioned that we were there celebrating my birthday and the server went into a verbal list of desserts. I think the banana thing sounded OK but I didn't catch it all. My wife wanted the flan and I asked for an after dinner cordial, which the server didn't know if they had or not so he went to check. The flan came out with a candle which was cool, but the drink didn't arrive 'till we were pretty much done with the flan - But the bad part about it was that the drink was not what I wanted at all. I tasted it and was very disappointed that the server just left it and didn't tell me that they didn't have what I wanted and assumed that I wouldn't know what he had brought to the table. The server finally came over after about 7 minutes and when l asked, if he had brought out what I had asked for and saw that the drink was still full, he said - "No, but this is better, it's one step up from the other one." I looked at him and said I didn't want it. To make it worse, my wife and I couldn't enjoy the rest of the night because we ended up getting sick. We were still burping up the food the next day at lunchtime. A horrible experience all around. So much so that I normally give places a second chance but am 99% sure this will be a first time no go again. The food was OK but not for the price, the service was the worst I have ever experienced. I tried to post something on their website but even their site was not accessible.
3	We stumbled upon this place, after visiting the Design Center.  I had heard about it from less-than-trustworthy sources (as far as food recommendations go), but I have to say I was pleasantly surprised. We went in for a Saturday lunch service, and the place was pretty much empty (maybe four or five tables and our own). The hostess was nice and quickly took us to our table. The decor is electic, I guess, though I thought the wall of sconces was tacky and unnecessary, even more so given that they are located it at a walking distance from one of the only places in Las Vegas were design rules. Other than that, the ambiance was nice, music quite lame (Mexican pop artists, like Paulina Rubio...really?), the lighting dim, and the waiters friendly and biligual. We ordered the fried calamari to start (about $15). They were executed well (crunchy, not soggy), and the dipping sauces were nice: one was green, with cilantro and serrano undertones, and the other was basically a chipotle mayo. For entrees, I ordered the chipotle glazed salmon with roasted vegetables, and my husband ordered the short rib enchiladas. The former was very good, though piping hot (maybe left a bit too long under the salamander). It was well portioned, and came drenched in a tomatillo sauce (good), and roasted veggies (including red peppers and zuchinni). It was $18, and overall, it was really good. The salmon was probably a defrosted version, but again, what can you realistically expect in this city?The other entree, the short rib enchiladas, were very good (for about $16-$18). If you're really hungry, make sure you stock up on appetizers, as this plate only has two, albeit delicious, enchiladas. They are drenched in a red "enchilada sauce" (as most Americans will eagerly call it), and I was pleased to realize that it was very authentic-Mexican-tasting. They were also missing the signature cheddar chesse/sour cream toppings, that were infamously made popular by places like Taco Bell. Overall, they were delicious and I would definitely order them again. We asked our waitress for a dessert menu, but she proceded to tell us there were "churros con chocolate" available. We shrugged, then she said they also had flan...and coffee. A bit lacking, I would say, and I would have preferred to look at a dessert menu, even though by that point, I was stuffed. Overall, the service is nice, the ambiance is romantic and casual, and the food is good. Do not expect extremely authentic Mexican flavors, but they are good enough to come back. Further, their location makes you feel you are in a real city, with real buildings!
4	This restaurant is in the World Center Market. My girlfriend and I have been twice for lunch while visiting Las Vegas and both times were very good. The location is a little strange but the decor is great. The last time I got the Wagyu steak fajitas that were delicious. The steak was very tender and the flavor with the peppers and onions was amazing. My girlfriend got the short rib enchiladas that were also very good. The biggest surprise was the toasted nachos from the vegetarian part of the menu for our appetizer. They were simple but delicious. The service both times was a little sub par but still worth it.
4	I love the ambiance, and valet parking right at the door. The service has always been great with a decent wine selection. I always have gone with the chef specials when ordering, and it has yet to disappoint. Great place to take friends and family out to a new place. In my opinion this is a hidden vegas hotspot!
5	Easily a five star restaurant. My husband and I moved to Las Vegas almost a year ago and dinner last night at Mundo is the best meal I've had here. The decor is very chic and feels relaxing and inviting and the staff is super friendly. It was my birthday and we had a coupon from travelzoo.com for 2 drinks, 1 app, 2 entrees, and 1 dessert for $55. We paid for tax ($10) and tip ($25) so dinner was $90. I had a margarita and hubs had a mojito, both were good. For our appetizer, we had the skirt steak skewers, they were good. The skewers were served with a chimichurri sauce and a side of marinaded avocados and a kind of latin cole slaw. I had the sea bass, it was delicious. The fish was cooked well and came with a jalapeno and a roma tomato on top and was served with potatoes. It  was cooked in parchment paper and had great flavor. My husband ordered the scallops, they were cooked perfectly and had great flavor. Our dessert was the banana empanadas, they were amazing. The empanadas came with a small scoop of vanilla ice cream and a caramel sauce. I would highly recommend the empanadas. Since it was my birthday, they brought me a free shot of tequilla. I would not hesitate to eat here again and Mundo would be a great place to bring friends, family, or clients. Mundo was not busy for dinner on a Thursday night but that is not surprising since it is located in the World Market Center which closes at 6. I would like to try their happy hour.
5	My favorite latin food restaurant in Vegas thus far.  it was very romantic/classy but we weren't at all frowned upon for wearing jeans and a t-shirt.  It was overall a great experience and the fact that we parked a little further away made me happy cause we got to walk around after a great meal.  We weren't supposed to but we started browsing around the world market center and window shopping through various showrooms.  Then we got kicked out very nicely.  haha.  The food at the restaurant was fantastic though!
4	Finally visited this place for the second time and a star bump this time around....service was great, and food was great.Here is the breakdown:-Appetizer: Queso Flameado: This is very yummy...Even better than the first time because instead of 3 tortillas, there were 4! Highly recommended if you like melted cheese with tons of flavor (combination of cheese, mushrooms, tomato and a green chile sauce)-Entree: Chilean Seabass:  Wow, this was so good.  When I ate here the first time, I wasn't a fish person.  This time around, I was glad that I tried this entree.  The fish was super tasty and the fattiness just melts in your mouth.  Was perfectly seasoned and steamed to perfection.  The jalapeno cilantro lime marinade was the perfect marinade for this fatty fish.  yum yum yum.-Entree: Prime Filet Mignon:  Nice cut, but over cooked.  We asked for medium rare, it came  out medium.  If only this was cooked to how we ordered, Mundo may have received 5 stars,  but that didn't happen.  However, the sauce was delicious.  -Side: Mexican Risotto : I asked our server which side is the most popular and he recommended this side...we were kinda set on this side prior to asking him for recommendation, but I wanted to confirm that it's good.  Indeed it is!  This risotto had poblano chile, corn and cilantro.  Was very rich and creamy.-Dessert: Banana Empanadas:  Again, recommendation by our server and yet again, a hit at our table.  It's batter-fried banana with caramel drizzled on top and a scoop of creamy icecream. Was the perfect way to finish this wonderful dinner.-Drinks: Alien Margarita and Mojito:  The margarita was very good with the salt.  My favorite part of it is after the server pour the tequila from a small 'Alien' glass bottle, the bottle is for you to keep if you wish.  The mojita was nice and strong.Overall, a 4-star dining experience.  Ambiance was great, the service was great (thank god we had a good server), the food was almost perfect.  Highly recommended.
5	A friend checked into Mundo and after discovering what exactly it was, I had to try it! Spanish/Mexican fine-dining hidden in the Las Vegas Design Center. When Market starts, I can only imagine how many of the haute interior designers are going to love eating here in the chic modern decor. I jumped at the $20 for $40 yelp 'deal'. (not sure if its still available) It was the perfect opportunity to try a new place and save myself $20. Chips & salsa to munch on were served to the table while we waited for our food. We ordered the tamales with blackened shrimp and sea scallops with a spicy chili rice. And being a lover of french fries I got a side of the Mundo fries (regular & sweet potato) to share. The meal was phenomenal!!! The tamales were some of the best I've ever had. The masa was on the sweeter side (which i love) and it meshed very well with the perfectly grilled more savory shrimp. The sea scallops were so flavorful! I'm a person who requires heavily seasoned food and this place is right up my ally.My mother said the rice was a bit spicy. Not gonna lie, it had a bit of kick to it! But it was a heat that complimented our very rich meal. My tamales were HEAVY ON THE BUTTER!!! So I nibbled a bit more on her spicy rice.As stuffed as we were, we got the banana empanadas to share. Hot and Cold. Creamy and Crispy. All around a satisfying dessert to finish off our meal. TIP: I hear the margaritas are awesome! And don't order the fondue unless you have 4+ people.They could probably dress their hostess a bit nicer (her butt was about to fall out). But service was excellent! Our waiter was so sweet and more than willing to answer any questions we had.  I'll be back!
5	I love this place! It has the atmosphere of being in a city like NYC or San  Fran. The fist time I went there I had the quesadilla. It was one of the best I have ever had. Perfectly spicy! My boyfriend had the scallops and they were cooked to perfection! Their Brunch menu is to die for! and the prices are great.  I had the huevos rancheros with an egg over easy. WOW! So tasty. I would definitely recommend that dish again, I wouldn't even need to try another, I loved this so much. My boyfriend had the jalapeno eggs Benedict. The muffins had jalapenos in it. I think it was also made of corn bread. Delicious but too heavy for me! Definitely try this place out, it is a gem!
5	Nice Upscale Mexican Food. The food is very clean tasting with complex ingredients not heavy and greasy like your average run of the mill Mexican joint. My husband said it was the best Mexican food he ever had. We went around 3 pm and it was a dead, we were the only ones there. The waiter said it is super busy at lunch and at dinner time, next time I would go during those times, skip the middle of the day. Otherwise a great dining experience!
5	Quirky... a little secluded and definately worth the hunt. Located in the bottom floor of building A of the World Market Furniture market, we definatley could have used a larger sign. Your best bet is to enter in the back of the buildings on the north side of the property and its right there.If you remember LaMadonna then you know Mundo. Same great (SNOOTY MEXICAN) food in a relaxing elegant environment. If you are downtown and are looking for an interesting place for a meeting or intimate lunch date Mundo is it. Don't forget to check in on Yelp. I did and a 15% off coupon popped up on my phone.The weekend brunch menu was delicious. We sampled four plates and they were each perfect.
5	Husband and I loved this place..the ambiance was nice, the food was amazing.. for appetizeers we had the queso flameado and the ahi tuna tostada both were very yummy; Entrees: hubby  had the shrimp tamale which was incredible, I had the filet mingon chile relleno which was delish as well. Everything was cooked to perfection. We will defintely be going back regularly.
5	I love everything mundo! The scallops, the guacamole, the liquid pleasure martini, and anything alien tequila.they make bomb alien margaritas! Tres leches dessert! I love you chef!
4	My boyfriend brought me here for a surprise celebration brunch this past Saturday.  Eleven o'clok on the dot on a fabulous Saturday morning we walk into this trendy restaurant - first ones there and quickly seated of course.  We were seated on a two person table with one chair that looked like a king's throne and the other was just a regular black restaurant chair.  Not that chairs matter because they don't.  The table was extremely wobbly, but their food runner was able to fix it for us.  Service started off extremely slow.  My coffee and Edgar's arnold palmer came about ten minutes after ordering- which to me is much too long of a wait for drinks.  Edgar could see my annoyance and quickly reminded me to "give it a chance and just enjoy myself."  I know I know.  I'm a bit of a snob with places like this, but hey- I'll give credit where credit is due! The drinks came.  Coffee was okay (had tidbits of coffee remnants in it), and his arnold palmer was straight up iced tea.  BUT, the second round of drinks were fabulous, so I'll cut them some slack on that.  It was early, we were the first ones there- I understand the rough patches.Anyhow - we splurged today.  I ordered the benedicts and mexican french toast.  He ordered the chilaquiles and vanilla pancakes.  Complimentary chips and salsa were brought out first.  The chips were seasoned, but I wish they were warm.  It seemed like it was just taken out of a bag, and the salsa tasted bottled.  BOTTLED?!  Ahh!  I'm not 100% certain that it was because I didn't ask, but it didn't have that fresh taste.  HOWEVER I won't count this against the restaurants since #1) it's free and #2) chips and salsa - who cares??Benedict Mexicano: Fabulous.  Their take on eggs benedicts is divine.  Instead of an english muffin they make their own jalapeno cornbread.  It was just a tad too sweet to my liking, but it was nicely balanced out with their take on hollandaise sauce (tasted very creamy - like they used la crema?) and pork carnitas instead of canadian bacon.  Oh, and each topped with a perfectly poached egg.  When you cracked the egg, and the creamy yolk ever so slowly spread throughout the dish like molten lava over a valley, you couldn't help but try to make time go faster.  Okay, the yolk wasn't spreading that slowly, but that's what it felt like - I couldn't help that time was going in slow motion because of the beauty of the dish, give me a break will yea?  But oh my word, it was great!  The hollandaise didn't have that lemony zest taste like standard run of the mill hollandaise.  It was crema creamy and had a slight green chile flavor to it.  You can see the bits of green chile, but the flavor was very very light so not to overpower the sauce.  Chicken Chilaquiles: Looked dry, but it was juicy as heck!  Everything was nicely balanced, and the flavors - oh the flavors.  It all worked harmoniously together .  As for the french toast and vanilla pancakes.  Ehh- they were good, but they weren't out of this world fantastic.  I wouldn't go screaming at the top of my lungs for everyone far and wide to try them.  I was searching high and low for the oaxacan chocolate butter on the french toast, and I think it ran away upon arriving to the table.  It was nowhere to be found.  The dulce de crema spread was good and not too sweet, so I liked that.  The pancakes I just got a bite of, so I can't really judge it.  It was more on the dense side, but the vanilla flavor was present and very nice.They then surprised me with my favorite dessert -- FLAN!  The flan (don't tell my mama) was ALMOST like hers!  It was WONDERFUL!  It was light but decadent and had all the flavors you look for in flan.  Caramely, creamy, sweet goodness.  I reminded Edgar that he wasn't a big fan of flan, so it was okay if he didn't eat it with me.  Low and behold, he forgot his dislike for flan because he helped me with half of it!  All in all, I'd definitely come back.  The price was great for the quality and flavors you got, and it is definitely a gem of a place.  The decor is trendy, hip and fun - I can imagine how fun it is at night too.  I hope it draws a greater crowd because it'd be terrible to see it go.
5	I work downtown and have been here several times for lunch.  I keep raving about it to my wife and finally got her to try it with me for dinner a few weeks back.  She went in not wanting to like it for whatever reason and came away as impressed as I was.  Dinner is a completely different menu and equally exciting as the lunch menu.  We started out with the skirt steak skewers, nicely charrerd and perfectly cooked with the best chimichurri glaze I've ever had.  For entrees, she had the vegetarian quesadilla, with a real garden basket of ingredients inside.  I had the filet mignon chile relleno, a different and wonderful take on the traditional Mexican offering.  The service was attentive and professional.  Highly recommend for those looking for an upscale Latin cuisine experience.
4	Chicken taquitos and the chicken enchilladas were great. The chips and the appetizer salad were also very good. The service was wonderful Jose, Gordon and all the others made the evening very entertaining. Best Mexican food I've had in Las Vegas.
4	Went here for my lady's coworker's husband's birthday to celebrate with some cocktails and to share some appetizers.  Talk about fancy!This place doesn't remind you of your typical Mexican jaunt.  It definitely isn't supposed to give that vibe to you I guess.  Mundo is called a 'latin chic' restaurant...meaning to me 'frou-frou'.  The atmosphere is very modern and yes, very chic.  Dark woods, light tablecloths, expensive lighting, it's all there.  The crowd that hangs out there strikes me as having some money to flaunt with.  So all you gold-digger yelpers out there...this place is for you!  Ha Ha, I kid...but seriously.  If you find your next rich husband or wife there, throw a guy a bone for hooking you up!I hear that one of the investors of Mundo was a candidate running for mayor of Las Vegas several years back.  Can't remember his name off the top of my head at the moment.  Oh well.  But the night I was there for the birthday celebration it was busy because Oscar Goodman was in the house, celebrating his wife Carolyn's run for mayor.  So it was noisy, but at least the restaurant was bustling with business.On to the food.  Verdict came back as pretty good.  It is for sure fancy Mexican/Latin food.  We sampled a bunch of things from their appetizer and dinner menu:-Fresh guacamole-Crispy Calamari - with cilantro serrano & sweet chipotle dipping sauce-Ahi Tuna Tostada - with spicy red chile vinaigrette-Chicen Satay - with achiote tamarind chile glaze-Skirt Steak Skewers - with chimichurri glaze-Steak and Chicken Tacos - with salsa, avocado, onion & cilantro, Chihuahua cheese-Chilean Sea Bass Tacos - with cabbage, pico de gallo, avocadoPrices were fair for the entire menu, no entree over $35, while many of the items on the menu hovered between the $10-$18 range.  Food was fresh, my favs being the Ahi Tuna Tostada and the tacos.  Flavors were good, not traditional in any sense but modern and updated.  Good overall, although I would say that I would have enjoyed having an old school plate of authentic lengua tacos with onion & cilantro just as much.  I like simple!We enjoyed many a cocktail as well.  I stuck with a couple of Mexican beers to compliment the food, a Modelo Especial and a Negra Modelo.  My lady tried a Mundo Mojito, and a Mundo Margarita.  Both of which she said were very good with the fresh-squeezed lime.  The premier tequila at Mundo is Alien Tequila.  This is because the owners of this restaurant are also investor/owners of the Alien brand.  Savvy, eh?Service was good but a bit slow because it was packed, and much of their help seemed to go to making Oscar and his wife particularly comfortable.  Catering to the mayor, right!If you want a fancy Latin flair night on the town, go to Mundo.  It will fit the bill nicely.  I swear, it kinda felt like J. Lo was gonna walk in with Marc Anthony at any moment!  Or Pitbull with his entourage!  "I was playing with her....she was playing with me...next thing you know, we were playing with three..."Me?  While I didn't mind this place, I'll stick with my Roberto's, my Cardenas, and my Komex.  That's more my crowd.  Plus, all the lengua tacos and fusion burritos I can eat on the cheap!
5	What a great place.  Amazing food (Skirt Steak and Sea Bass!), beautiful service ( Thanks Crystal!) and all in a beautiful place.  PS- Don't let the menu scare you off as spicy as it reads.  There is something here for everyone.  Very great restaurant!
1	As a tourist we came to eat here on a Friday night yet it was CLOSED for a private party. It got good reviews, but how can you be closed on a Friday night in a tourist town with your of notification is a piece of paper on the window. On a Friday? Very poor. Then make you sit outside without offering at least water while waiting for a cab?
3	This place is hidden away in the Las Vegas Design Center, which is a beautiful building with lots of fun things to see.   Anyhow - the restaurant has a nice, contemporary but comfortable decor - which is obvious, I guess, because of it's location.  The service is pretty slow - we came here for lunch on a friday around 1pm - it is a small restaurant, but in including ours there were probably only 4 table of patrons.  The menu is large and creative, and the food was quite good and tasty.  My only complaint was that my food did not come out hot - it was barely lukewarm - but I had waited so long for it to come out, I was too hungry to send it back.  The same thing for my buddy's entree.  Anyhow - I would go back, but not if it were out of my way.
5	Wow. Hats off to you Rick Bayless! What an incredible meal. If you are in Vegas, you have to check this place out. It's difficult to find but well worth the trip. The decor was beautiful. It had a really nice ambiance and the staff and service were super attentive to our needs. Plus, if you use yelp to check in, you get a free glass of wine :)For appetizers we ordered the skewers and they were oh so yummy! The little salad on the side was soooo good and the meat was insanely juicy. Their entrees, we ordered the short rib tamale and the filet mignon relieno. I loved the relieno! My boyfriends tamale was delicious as well but I enjoyed mine more. To end our meal, we ordered the banana empanada which you HAVE to order! It is to die for! It's warm banana empanadas with a creamy sauce made of condensed milk and caramel topped with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. This was the highlight of our meal! My taste buds were singing! If you are in the Vegas area, please stop by Mundo.
4	Went there for dinner.  Good service, very good food, nice decor.  Had sangria, guacamole, and entrees were NY steak (special of the day) and sea bass.  Both were very good.  Would have been 5-stars, but I was hoping for a more inventive menu.  I thought I would see a dish that I have not had before, but I did not.
5	Great place! Super clean, fast and friendly service! Best food ever!!! a must go to place a little hidden no big deal but worth it.
4	Slow service, but excellent food.  I came with a group of friends on a Sunday and we were pleasantly surprised by the quality of Mundo.  The menu had plenty of options for meat lovers and vegetarians alike and the quality of the food was really good.  What knocked down my review was the slow service and the long, long amount of time that we had to wait for our food and drinks.  But overall, we enjoyed ourselves and the experience.  If you were looking for a quality restaurant off the Strip and beaten path, Mundo is for you.
2	Store bought chips and salsa what a disgrace! My pork tenderloin missed the flavor and were dried out. My husband ordered the filet mignon chile relleno, and he had to ask Where's the beef ? I drank wine, ok selection menu, my husband ordered a margarita they said it was fresh squeezed, I guess they squeezed the bottle of Margarita mix, and they really push alien tequila, its not even Mexican!
5	Vegas. It's where you go to get hitched, right? So my wife and I decided on the destination wedding and didn't want to pay to fly out and check out all the venues so we went to Yelp and other online sources to plan our big day. That being said, we both have been to Vegas numerous times so we knew where NOT to go. Haha. So we ended up choosing Mundo for our wedding reception dinner based on reviews we found and neither of us had never been here (or heard of it) so coming here was a total leap of faith.The leap was spot on. Talk about blowing everything we had hoped for out of the water. I'd have to say everyone in our party loved the trip, with the highlight being the trip to this fine establishment.They set up a spacious back room for us that was decorated just perfect. My wife's jaw dropped as soon as we walked in. The service was absolutely impeccable and we received ample attention and all of our needs were met and exceeded.The best part...the food. Absolutely delicious. We are from Texas and well, we are used to "Tex Mex" which can be very good or very blah. Mundo was a breath of fresh air...tasty, delicious fresh air. We had the goat cheese queso to start off which had everyone drooling. For the dinner selections we had shrimp tamales, sour cream chicken enchiladas, and the filet mignon stuffed chile rellano. I'm pretty sure I was literally the only person who didn't order the rellano....haha. Everyone was moaning in ecstasy how good it was! I had the enchiladas and have to say they were fantastic as well. The sides were delicious also and completed the whole meal.Now...the good part. They staff at Mundo was gracious enough to contact a local bakery and have a wedding cake made for us. It was the perfect size and it was exactly what a bride would want. It also helped that it was a mouth watering Tres Leches cake (my fave) and it topped off the whole meal with a bang.If you are reading this and are pondering this spot for a wedding reception...don't even hesitate. They will make it memorable for you! We are anxiously awaiting our next trip to Vegas so we can come right back to Mundo!
5	Had a wonderful night out here with my girlfriends, can't wait to take my husband.  Beautiful atmosphere, great food, great happy hour, great mojitos, wonderful service.  A little on the tricky side to find, but worth the confusion!!
5	In a word - outstanding.  I spent almost my whole life in CA and have tried hundreds of Mexican/Southwest restaurants and is this is one of the 2-3 best, on par with Frontera Grill in Chicago.  Stellar, creative food; very attentive but not intrusive service (nice job Sean!); outstanding ambiance.  A little off the beaten track, which makes it pretty easy to get in and out of.  We ate the sea bass (excellent but not extraordinary), the shrimp tamales (by far the best tamales I've ever had), a stunning risotto side dish, and breathtaking apple crepe desert. We'll be back for sure.  Aplausos!
3	From October 2011.The food was great, the best part of this place.  Service was very good as well.Initial impression was "you don't have a reservation?"  we were walkins and felt like it by the hostess.  We sat in the table closest to the door and the large cold drafts from the front door opening and closing wasn't much fun, my wife had to keep her jacket on.So without the hostess and the cold draft in the equation, we had a great time.
4	Within the first twenty minutes of being here, I decided I would give them one (maybe two) stars. When we entered, there was no hostess, so we went near the bar area and asked one of the waiters if we just seat ourselves. He said, "Yeah go ahead, sit anywhere and one of the other waiters will help you." Ok, no problem. We looked over the happy hour menu and decided upon a Sangria ($5), Mundo Martini ($6), Mundo Fries ($3), and Crispy Calamari ($8). If only there were someone willing to take our orders.... Ten minutes passes by and we still haven't been greeted by any of the waiters.We notice a group of people coming in the restaurant and figure we're sure to be helped before they are. Wrong! The hostess that wasn't there before goes up to them and starts hugging everyone. They're all given a table, menus, and water immediately. That really ticked us off, so Don just went up to the bar and asked them if we're just suppose to order at the bar and bring the food/drinks to our table ourselves. The bartender felt pretty bad that we hadn't been helped at all yet, so she said she'd get everything for us. She took our orders, had water and complimentary chips/dip sent to our table, and brought the drinks over to our table. She was pretty much our server for the rest of our time there. Her customer service alone is what made us decide to give the place another star. Rather than just making us wait for someone else to finally come along, she went out of her way to start serving us on her own even though it wasn't her job. She kept coming over to our table to ask us how we were doing and how we were liking the food and drinks too.One of the other servers finally came up to us (before we got our food and drinks) and just said, "Are you guys going to be ordering anything?" Seriously!? As if we were just planning on lounging at a dining table looking around for waiters for no reason... That guy never even greeted or said anything to us in the first place. It was really annoying. We told him we waited for a long time, so we just went to the bar to order. I feel like our bartender/waitress did a better job than any of the actual waiters would've done.On to the food...This is what really made me decide to give Mundo a four star rating. The calamari dish was probably one of the best I've ever had. I am a big fan of crispy (not burned) food and, just like the title says, the calamari is very crispy. They managed to make it very crispy, but not oily or greasy. It came with two sauces: cilantro serrano and sweet chipotle . They were both very good; It was even hard to decide which one I wanted to dip my calamari in. I would venture out here just for this dish alone. The Mundo Fries (sweet potato and Idaho potato) were also phenomenal. They were very crispy on the outside but perfectly cooked on the inside. The seasonings added to both dishes really intensified the flavors. I could eat both dishes without any dipping sauces and they'd still taste fantastic. Don described the complimentary chips we got as tasting "organic." I'm guessing that's a good thing? I don't know, but they tasted good with the salsa and both of the dipping sauces that came with the calamari (yes, I like to experiment).To be honest, I REALLY wanted to give this place one star in the beginning, but the more the bartender helped the more I thought to myself, "Oh no, I can't give them one star anymore, she's too nice!" Then they brought out the food and I was totally sold. This is the perfect spot for a romantic date. The ambiance, delicious food, and super nice BARTENDERS really saved my experience.
3	This place is located at the World Furniture Market.  There were no events that day, so there was plenty of parking.  The interior is very posh (its in the World Furniture Market, so it has to be nicely decorated).  The chips were over salted, but the salsa was yummy.  It tasted homemade with lots of veggie chunks.  I ordered the chicken quesadilla for $12.  The other two people at the table ordered a cobb salad and the carnitas.  The food took a long time to come out and they were not very busy.  The food presentation was very elegant.  (When I think of Mexican food I don't think elegant.)  The portion sizes are small.  The food was tasty.  The best attributes of this place are the atmosphere and the food presentation.  If you are going for food, then there are better places in Vegas (taste just as good, but cheaper with larger portion sizes).
4	Everything is great at this restaurant.  If you're in the mood for something light, the salads are the way to go.  Their skirt steak salad is delicious.  If you want a heavier fare they have the skirt steak in soft tacos.  They have great dinner entrees as well but pricey.  You can buy coupons from restaurant.com where you can get a $20 voucher for $2.  Completely worth it. But you can only use the restaurant.com vouchers for dinner.The drinks menu is extensive.  They seem to push Tobin James wines pretty heavily but I don't mind because their wines are great. Happy hour is fun to go to because they have the same delicious foods but at a cheaper price as well as the drinks.  Their sangria is to die for.  The staff is knowledgeable about wines and enjoy making recommendations.  I usually go for lunch but the dinner ambiance was great as well.  A downtown gem.
4	Wow, Talk about making an impact.  I was hands-down ready to give this place a 1 star, but thanks to the bartender Mundo gets a 4 star!  Upon arrival, Jadira and I were very impressed.  Just from the outside this place looked really classy.  Once we got inside we noticed there was a hostess stand, but no hostess to be found.  I stopped a busser that was coming by and asked if we should just seat ourselves.  He seemed a bit confused and told us to go ahead and seat ourselves and that the server would be right with us.  20 minutes later and we were still sitting there... not a single peep from anyone.  We noticed that there was indeed a purpose for that hostess stand because a hostess had magically appeared.  About 10 minutes in to our wait, a large party arrives and was sat right next to us.  The server totally ignored us and assisted the large party first (accommodating them with water and menus).  At this point, I was getting a little frustrated so I approached the bartender behind the bar.  I had explained that no one had even talked to us and that I was interested in ordering.  She apologized and basically became our server while still running the busy bar.  To make a long story short, thank you to the bartender for saving the night!  After the actual server noticed the bartender talking to us, he finally came over and lit our candle and asked us if we cared for anything to drink.  We told him no thanks that the bartender was already taking care of us. We visited Mundo during Happy Hour and was very impressed.  The drinks that we had were amazing (especially that Martini in my opinion).  The pricing wasn't too bad either.  We definitely plan on returning.What we ordered:   * Sangria - I'm not a huge Sangria fan ,but this was good * Mundo Martini-  I seriously could have had 3 more of these easy. *  Mundo Fries-  Sweet Potato Fries... cooked perfectly!  These were addicting!! * Calamari-  We are huge Calamari fans and Mundo is definitely in our top 3 picks.Pros: * The ambiance was very impressive.  We absolutely loved it.  It's alot bigger than it looks too. *  Live DJ spinning music.  I don't know if this was because it was First Friday, but definitely had good vibes throughout. *  Really good Happy Hour.  All I got to sample (food-wise) were appetizers, but if this was any indication of what the rest of the menu has to offer, then I'm sure I'm in for a treat when I go to enjoy the full Mundo dining experience. * Amazing Service (from the Bartender)... Thank you sooo much!Cons:* Bad Service (missing hostess and didn't get acknowledged for nearly 30 minutes!Overall:  I really only had one complaint and it was a big one, but once we did get service and received our food, we were instant fans.  I can't wait to come here and try other things from the menu.  I'll be back and will surely update my review once I am able to do so.  Tips: * Try the Calamari (I'm not sure what the sauces are ,but both were really good). * Once it gets warmer, there is outside seating.
4	started off shaky as no one greeted us for about 10 minutes after we got to our table.  One of the waiters literally walked by us 3 times and didn't say one word.  Right when my boyfriend got up to rip someone a new one this nice gentleman who was working and managing the bar came over and served us.  He was so apologetic and totally turned our experience around.  We had the the tortilla soup that was pretty good and the esquites (mexican corn) was AMAZING, i also had the steak and my boyfriend had the enchiladas and salad which he raved about.  The ambiance is very beautiful and there was a DJ (FIrst Friday) spinning amazing old school funk.  Very fun and hip place, I will be back.
4	In a city with few outstanding Mexican (or TexMex) restaurants, Mundo stands out as one of the best. Located in one of the northern buildings within the World Market Center campus, it's one of the better off-Strip restaurants. Not only does it have wonderful food, it has an interior to match -- as you'd expect from a place surrounded by a design center.With a restaurant.com gift certificate in hand, I brought my wife here to celebrate her birthday. We started off with chips and salsa and a wonderful  guacamole with diced onions and tomatoes, slices of radishes, and topped with cilantro and cotija cheese.The chicken taquito appetizer consists of two taquitos cut in half and topped with sour cream, cotija cheese and green onions, with some lettuce and a sweet chile paste beside them. The chicken was a touch dry, but in combination with the other ingredients the flavors were excellent.My wife's dish was a large chile relleno stuffed with cubes of filet mignon, potatoes, wild mushrooms, and goat cheese in a smoke chile sauce. If you like a little heat, this is the dish to get. The tender beef was a great vehicle to soak up the smokiness of the sauce and deliver a bold punch of flavor to the palate.I'm a sucker for some swine, so I went with the carnitas and they didn't disappoint. You'd be hard pressed to find a better version in Vegas. The succulent chunks of pork was sitting in a large mound in the center of the plate with onions and cilantro on one side, avocado pico de gallo on another, and a cucumber habanero salad on the opposite side of the plate. The pork contained a balanced ratio of mostly lean meat with a little fat here and there to offset it with some additional flavor.For dessert we had churros. The eight small pieces were filled with a caramel sauce in the center and had some additional caramel drizzled on top. Also on the plate was a scoop of vanilla ice cream and a small bowl of chocolate sauce. It would have been a great way to end the meal but they brought out one more thing after that.An order of flan came out with a candle on top and two of the waiters sang happy birthday to my wife. I definitely wasn't expecting them to sing. I thought they only did that type of thing at TGI Friday's or place like that. But, it was much appreciated. As for the flan, it was unbelievably light, smooth and creamy with none of the eggy taste you get from lesser variations of the dish. Mom, I'm sorry to say this, but I've found flan that's better than yours.For drinks we had a margarita and mojito, which we were happy with and we checked in through Yelp and got a free glass of wine!The dinner was close to being perfect, but the service could have been better. Despite our waiter being very informative and friendly, he was too busy to give any of his many, many tables *great* service. But, that's more of a management and staffing issue than a reflection on him. The only other issue we had was when they cleared my wife's plate (of which she only ate about half her meal) and tossed it instead of offering to box it up.So, aside from a couple hiccups it was a successful bday dinner. One where we were able to save a bit through restaurant.com and the Yelp check-in and still have a wonderful meal. Come to think of it, the food here is a little similar to what you would get at Mesa Grill on the strip, but much cheaper.4.5 Stars
5	I had an amazing dinner at Mundo with my husband.  The decor is gorgeous; it's a great place for a date once you get to the restaurant...it's in the world market complex which is a kind of strange location for going to dinner.  I had the deliciously flavored waygu flank steak w/an avocado mixture on top.  I will probably order the same thing the next time I go here, it was SO GOOD!  The side of Mexican street corn was awesome too.  My husband had the Chilean sea bass, he said it was the best he's had.  The mundo martinis and banana empanadas for dessert were delicious too.  The server was very attentive and did an excellent job.
4	Fancy Mexican food is kinda like an oxymoron to me.  When I think of good Mexican food I think of simple street tacos with fresh flavors.  Meat, beans, rice, and tortillas, right?  Wrong!  Mundo's is located in the World Market Center.  Walking to Mundo was exciting in it self.  It was like we were in a new city.  Never been to the World Market.  The restaurant itself is beautiful and many of the tables were full.  They also have a full bar.  Looks like if all the tables were removed it could be a good place for a party.I'll start with the good stuff.  The tables had 2 baskets of chips and salsa.  The baskets were always kept full which was nice.  We also, checked in on Yelp and there was a free glass of wine....naize!  The food was delicious!  I had the carnitas plate.  The pork had such good flavor and was seasoned perfectly with a little bit of sweetness.  The plate also came with avocado pico de gallo, cucumber habanero salad and tortillas.  The cucumber habanero salad really stuck out.  It was seasoned with bit of a vinegar and I loved it! Overall I would have to say 2 thumbs up to the food.Now, the annoying.  When the server asked for our order he didn't even think of trying to help us decide since it was our first time. When we got our food I remembered that it came with tortillas.  I asked the server where were my tortillas.  He answered by putting his hand on a napkin right next to me which was wrapped around the tortillas. It would have been easier to just tell me that they were in the napkin when you served me my meal. It's a little different when your with a party of 8 but, if it were just me and my wife I would have been more annoyed by our servers slip ups.Over all it was a great time.  We had great company, a fun environment, some drinks, and great food!  I would have given this place a 5 but, the service was a little off.  Might of been just that one time.  But, if we go again I'll make sure to do an update on the service.  I would definitely go again!
4	Celebrated a birthday dinner here thanks to go old yelp recommendations... Then Celebrated how delicious the food was after!  Ambiance was perfect. Dim but not too dark with contemporary furnishings. Not sure what day time dining is like but it's perfect for a nice dinner out on Saturday night.  FOODS: Delicious for your modern Mexican take on classic dishes. We destroyed the complimentary chips and salsa.  Ordered the Calamari and guacamole. Calamari was meh...I would pass on that. Guacamole was fresh and creamy with a little spicy bits in it (recommend).Then the main course came. Wow. WOW!Skirt steak with chimichurri was bomb.com (is that cool to say still/was it ever?). The steak (ordered medium) melts in your mouth with the right amount of char and pink on the inside.  Flavor profile was like an explosion of amazingness in your mouth. Not too much cilantro to over power the classic taste of the steak and an avocado mix on top perfectly balanced with the flavors of the steak. I chose the mexican street style corn as my side. Anyone ever have "ELOTES"? (you know, the street vendor corn with parm. cheese and chili powder). TOTALLY recommend ordering this as your side, of course it's fancied up with cotija cheese.The sig-other ordered the shrimp tamales. Now she is a what you would call a shrimp connoisseur. or maybe just obsessed with SHRIMP (a la "Pvt. Benjamin Buford 'Bubba' Blue). This dish did NOT disappoint. The shrimp were of herculean size and were perfectly cooked! Full of flavors and not just a skimpy tamale like your used too.Overall a delicious culinary experience.SERVICE:It seemed like the server was a little off-putting, maybe to the point of acting annoyed to be serving a large party (not really, just 8 people!).  I guess it didn't help when we started the meal by ordering our free glass of wine with yelp check in. BUT STILL! cmon man, i understand gratuity is now included with a large party BUT we can still add more if you give us exceptional service! Also, they were grabby with our seemingly empty plates. (umm theres like 3 calamari rings and some guac still, I'm not done yet please ask!)One good thing was that my water was never empty (one of my standards for quality of service). If it weren't for service this place would get 5 stars! Overall i recommend this place! DO IT! GO! Cmon!
4	Mundo truly is "Chic Mexican".  The restaurant is real pretty.  Beautiful atmosphere with tons of lanterns hanging from the ceiling and silver framed mirrors all over the walls... it sets a good mood.  This would be a great place to bring a date (just be aware that its kind of in a odd spot inside the hugeness of the World Market Center!)The food is pretty darn delicious!  Some of the things we tried:- Shrimp tamales:  HUGE shrimp.  Perfectly cooked.  The tamales' insides were oh so good.  A little bit sweet and a perfect compliment to the shrimp.- Carnitas:  Super moist, great flavor.  I wasn't wow-ed by it when I compared it to my shrimp tamales, but still very good.- Wagyu skirt steak:  What the what!  So good!  The chimichurri gives it such a great flavor and it was so tender.  Its a melt in your mouth type of meat. - Calamari:  Your standard calamari.  I liked the breading.  It came with two sauces.  I think it was the chipotle one that was pretty good.We got complimentary chips and salsa too.  The salsa was so good!  Very fresh and light.Service was a little strange.  I wasn't sure if we had just one waiter or two.  When you asked them a question, it was like a one word answer.  Its not like they were rude... they just weren't nice.  Plus they kept taking our plates away when we weren't completely done.  It could have been because it was the end of the night and they were trying to move us along?  No clue.  Maybe we caught them on an off night?  I think if we had better service, my experience here would have been over the top.Although the prices are on the higher side, this place is definitetly worth a try and its great for special occasions.  Don't forget to Check-In while you're here.  They have a Yelp Check In special for a free glass of wine (their house white or red).  Can't pass up free.99!
3	Excellent concept, cool decor but overall I am not sure Mundo will be on my list for places I will be returning and here's why:In honor of First Friday my friends and I wanted to have "family" dinner down town this week so the decision was made to try Mundo.Love love love the decor in this restaurant, it's an eclectic mix of interior design elements, very inviting.. We made reservations and were seated right away which is always a plus. Our drink orders were taken in a timely fashion and our server (forget his name) was very friendly yet forgetful.  It's hard to be annoyed with a server who has a perpetual smile, but he pretty much forgot about all of the little extras my friends and I had requested. Like what? Like condiments, sides, and additional beverages.The food: good. Yes, just good. I believe my best friend is the only one (out of 10 people) that thoroughly enjoyed his food (some shrimp dish?). My nachos were ok, the seasoning they put on the chicken made it taste like it was burnt and I conferred with another friend who also ordered something else chicken with the same burnt flavor. All in all, forgetful staff, ran out of scallops (but took forever to come back to the table to ask which entree my friend would like to have in place of it), took forever to bring the bill, forever to bring change...I just find it frustrating that when we are one of the few tables being occupied in the restaurant things are being forgotten, ran out of or taking forever to get especially when the price tag on these items does not fall in the one dollar sign category...Alas, yet another disappointing dining experience under my belt...
2	The food was very tasty but the service was horrible.... We had a large group.the wait time to order our food and how long they took to bring us the food was ridiculously long. Asked for a side to go with our main courses and it didn't come till after we were finished eating. The decor  and ambience was awesome. They had a lack of workers... Only one server and Bus person for all.
3	I wanted to like Mundo, and I did, but I think my expectations were a bit high and so I still left a bit disappointed. We went on Valentine's Day but it wasn't that busy around 6p. Started with the Mundo salad, it was shredded with lots of good things like veggies, nuts, and I think some dried fruit. We liked it very much. The queso app that everyone recommends was good, but not great, and I am not sure a bowl of melted cheese is worth $15. The hubby loved his carnitas and my chile rellano stuffed with filet mignon was very flavorful, however, my dish had a severe protein shortage. I took a bite when it arrived and it had a piece of filet in it, I tried to share a bite with my hubby and had to destroy the entire chile searching for a piece of meat. Kind of ruined the dish since I did not want to disembowel my chile to locate the additional pieces of meat (and there were only 2 more cubes of filet in it!) Maybe the kitchen messed up? I don't think there was more than 2 oz of meat in my entree. Also, we ordered a nice bottle of wine. After we had finished, I remembered I had a Yelp check in offer for a free glass of wine. I showed the waiter and he said he would bring me a glass of the wine we had been drinking. Then I heard the manager tell him to give me house wine, which he did, but he tried to say it was the other wine. Silly to lie to me if I am about to taste it and find out! Left a bad taste is my mouth.
5	Great food, nice ambiance , a new twist on Mexican food. Trust me try it
3	From someone who knows AUTHENTIC mexican food.. keep it simple. There's no such thing as mexican risotto. Try Tacos El Gordo on the strip.. seriously. http://www.yelp.com/biz/tacos-el-gordo-las-vegas-2
3	Pros:+Awesome environment/decor+Friendly waiters+Prompt service+Well prepared foodCons:-Expensive (especially for vegetarians)-Small portionsOverall:Slightly disappointed, especially with all the high reviews. However, the food was decent and I wouldn't mind going back.
4	My wife and I split the shrimp tamales and wagyu skirt steak, and both were exploding with flavor. I rarely write reviews, but this restaurant is definitely worth a visit.
5	I LOVE this place!! The food & drinks are insane (great) and the service is unlike many others. This is not your typical Mexican restaurant..
4	Gosh there are so many gems here in Vegas. I'm just loving this town. This was my first time here and it was such a great experience. Just a treat for the senses. We celebrated my friends birthday here. There were about 10 of us and with that many people to serve there could be so many opportunities for failures, but there were no mishaps. In fact everyone was happy. The drinks were flowing, the food was superb and the staff was attentive and the deserts left me speechless. I had scallops over rice. It was perfect. The presentation, temperature of the food, the perfect balance of Latin seasonings and the perfect heat (spiciness). For the deserts we had an assortment of deserts that consisted of tres leches, churros, flan and apple crepes. All were good by my favorite was the churros. (my mouth just watered typing and reminiscing). What made my night also was that they had Mexican wine. I don't remember the name but it was really good. I think it was some kind of granache blend.
3	Ok, so as mad as I was at 6:30 p.m. the night I ate at Mundo, I have now taken a breather and decided to be fair.  Let me explain...I made reservations for dinner here before we were to go see Bela Fleck at The Smith Center.  It was our 5 year anniversary and I wanted to have a nice night with a fancy dinner and this place was perfect with its location.  We got to Mundo at about 5:45 and the concert was just a block away and didn't start until 7:30.  Plenty of time, right?We were seated immediately and I fell in love with the place.  A romantic atmosphere, a great menu with several vegetarian items, not really pricey, and a friendly wait staff.  My husband started off with a beer (4 bucks! It was a steal!) and I had some really great wine (don't remember the name, white wine from Spain- yum).  We started to munch on chips while we looked at the menu.My husband ordered the garden enchiladas and I ordered the chile relleno.  This is where things started to get hairy.  Apparently there is a vegetarian chile relleno as well as steak.  You can see where this is going, can't you?We get our dinners and everything looks great.  My husband loves his.  I take a bite of mine and it's really good.  I take a second bite and notice something chewy....that's odd, maybe there's a big mushroom in there?  I start to poke around and find this little brown bit.  Mushroom?  Take a tiny bite.  Nope, don't think so.  Dig a little more and there's a giant piece of steak looking at me.Ok, so again: I know, I know.  Dietary restrictions... can't be picky eating out.  I get it.  But do you know how gross it is to know you've eaten meat for the first time in 4 years?  Uuuuuughhhhhhhhh.  And it didn't even taste like anything!  Take note, meat eaters!At this point I am pissed, steak is looking at me, and my waiter is nowhere to be seen.  Why?  Because Mundo decided to have a giant party right next to our table and he was busy taking drink orders for the two dozen people talking as loud as they possibly could.  This party started up about the same time I got my steak chile relleno.  Well there went our date night.Romantic atmosphere?  Gone.  Yummy food?  Gone.  Helpful wait staff?  Gone.  It is 6:30 and the concert is starting in an hour.  Needless to say, my poor husband was dealing with a very crabby girl.So I'm giving this place 3 stars.  It was my fault for assuming there was only a vegetarian chile relleno on the menu but I also think my waiter should have clarified which one I wanted to order (especially after my husband ordered from the vegetarian menu).  And although our waiter wasn't around the second part of our meal, it wasn't his fault that he got stuck with too many tables and the giant party next to us.  I do, however, hold Mundo accountable for sitting us next to the social hour hovering over our table when we had reservations and there were plenty of seats elsewhere when we first got in.  Not cool.But I have to give credit where credit is due, and the food was amazing.  The VEGETARIAN chile relleno was great and my husband loved his enchiladas.  The chips and salsa were good and the side of street corn was probably our favorite thing.  The beer prices are great and the wine prices are average.  I loved my glass of wine.  Our waiter also did give us a (small) discount for the misunderstanding without me complaining (I'm not the type to yell at waiters).  He was also friendly throughout even though he was super busy.So, after this giant review I guess what I'm trying to say is this place would have been 5 stars if I wasn't sitting next to the social hour party and especially if I had a meat-free item from the get-go.  The food here is great and the restaurant is beautiful.  It has a perfect location if you are looking for somewhere to eat or drink before heading to The Smith Center.  Just make sure you clarify EXACTLY what you want to order.  I also recommend reservations since it is a little on the smaller side.
4	Service and food were excellent, starting with the chips and guacamole dip(which you pay for). 3 of our party had the filet special. Excellent. Not your typical TexMex menu. Wondered why we have not gone more often.
4	Nom nom!  So good!  If you want something different when it comes to Mexican food think of this place as gourmet, upscale Mexican cuisine.  It's absolutely fabulous and everything is fresh, fresh, fresh!  Fun, modern, eclectic decor allows for a relaxed evening or a fun night out with friends.  Great stocked bar with one of the best margaritas I've had in Vegas so far. However, my only complaint is that when we first went here we came with big group of people and I had made reservations ahead of time.  We stayed a long time, ordered bottles of wine and lots of food.  But for some reason our server was very confused and somewhat irritated when we said we wanted to split the check amongst the couples.  He huffed and puffed about it being difficult to split the check etc. but in the end did it for us even after we marked the bill accordingly with each couples' items. I'm sorry, I used to be a server and 1) it's not hard to split a check with the automated system that I saw this restaurant had and 2) you should pretty much assume that one person in a large group of people is not going to pick up the whole bill.  It would have been nice if our server had hashed the particulars with us ahead of time before we all had a wonderful evening and then had to deal with bill drama.  Perhaps if you go here with a lot of friends tell the server up front you will be splitting the check accordingly.Otherwise, I would highly recommend Mundo as an off-Strip but tasty find.
5	I can not wait to go back!My sweetie and I joined a group to go to Mundo sometime ago and we have been meaning to return.  The lighting is beautiful and the decor is sexy and romanatic.  I will NEVER forget the chopped salad, Holy Smokes best chopped salad EVER!  Normally salad is salad, not at Mundo.  Everything there has intense fresh flavors and colors.  We enjoyed the Chilean sea bass so much we went home and tried to recreate it. . . got close but not quite.  For dessert tres leche, it was simply a perfect end to the perfect high end mexican meal.  Give Mundo a try, you will be glad you did.  :)
5	Best date night place ever! They have amazing food and perfectly well mannered waiters and staff. Constantly kept water glasses filled and hey who can complain about a free glass of wine?! (yelp check in offer!)But the real joy came from the amazing balance of flavors that each dish encapsulated. We started with the guacamole. And wow what a start. Easily the most flavorful guac I've ever had. There is a little spicy kick to it which kept my hand reaching for the chips for more of the hurts so good flavor. Then I got the Mexican risotto which was also yummy along with the tortilla soup which they pour  from the pot to the bowl table side. The real way to win me over is amazing dessert. Two words. Banana empanadas. They had just the right amount of crisp to them and the chocolate ice cream blended with the banana and the cream sauce effortlessly like a match made in heaven. My taste buds were euphoric as I took in each bite.  Hopefully you one day find yourself here in the same state of joy as I was!One Tid bit is that they have karaoke on Monday nights which makes it much less intimate but also fun in its own way. I think it goes from 5:30-9:30.
5	i ate here while on business 4/17/2012.  My experience from start to finish was excellent. We started with 3 margueritas that had wonderful lime flavor. the quacamole was excellent. I had a diablo pork chop for dinner that was cooked to perfection. we followed it up by sharing churros and fried bananas for dessert.If you're expecting tacos and burritos this is not the restaurant for you. if you want a wonderful delight of mexican modern in a fantastic atmosphere then this is your place.I do think it was a little pricey but perhaps on a relative "vegas" scale it deserves $$$. You can certainly pay a lot more for inferior food in vegas.Oh, I should add that our waiter was excellent. perfectly trained and very attentive.
5	Ahi tostada!!! BOMB SO GOOD!!! Fine Mexican dining at your fingertips...reasonable prices. I had the filet mingnon chile rilleno drizzled in chipotle sauce.
5	Mundo is a new Rick Bayless restaurant in Las Vegas. I've been making annual pilgrimages to Rick Bayless's Chicago restaurants, Fronterra Grill/Topolobombo, since a coworker turned me onto them eight or nine years ago.Rick Bayless is the man who has elevated Mexican food to a religious experience for foodies. When I asked my partner who is the chef de cuisine at home where he wanted to eat during our week in Vegas, he said "See if Rick Bayless has opened a restaurant in Vegas."The restaurant, Mundo,  is located in a Frank Gerry inspired complex of buildings near downtown Las Vegas called the "World Market Center".  The development is huge and unfortunately has white elephant written all over it.  I half-expected to see tumbleweeds blowing past the windows. I did a web search this morning and learned that the building owners had just defaulted on a half billion dollar loan.Mundo itself is unpretentious, a welcome contrast to the overblown ghost town it sits in. We were there on a Monday night and the place was barely half full. We were seated and the chips arrive promptly with a red salsa. Up to this point, anybody unfamiliar with Rick Bayless would have been lulled into thinking "this reminds me of Chevy's" and "maybe I should be a little wild and order the Cadillac margarita".Then you eat your first chip with the salsa and your taste buds search the salsa database in your head and you realize you haven't had this variation. It's a thin sauce that coats your chip and imparts this smoky, roasted tomato/chili flavor. That Cadillac margarita comes and goes down easily. There is none of the aftertaste you get with high fructose corn syrup.What Rick Bayless does as well as any chef that I've experienced is that he plays "flavor notes". This is my own terminology for how I experience food. A good chef can register a flavor note or two per dish. Bayless hits several. It's the difference between hearing "Chopsticks" and a Bach sonata.I skipped an appetizer so I could relax and enjoy the cocktail, chips, and guacamole.  My partner had the Mundo Chopped Salad. There's probably ten ingredients with a chipotle molasses vinaigrette. I take a bite and hear music.My entree is a chile relleno stuffed with filet mignon, potatoes, wild mushrooms, and goat cheese covered with a smoked chili sauce. Our waiter warns me that the dish can be too spicy for American tastes. Well into my Cadillac margarita, I throw caution to the window and tell him to bring it on. The chili packs a punch but it is a couple of steps in back of my threshold. The filet mignon is tender and favorable. I eat everything except for the stem of the chili. My partner has the Sarape de Pollo. It looks like a quesidilla but is anything but. It is a piece of chicken pounded to look like a tortilla then it's topped with black beans, manchego, mint chimichurri, guacamole, and pico de gallo. He raves about the dish.We have banana empanadas and tres leche cake for dessert. I barely get a bite of the empanads from my partner but the tres leche cake holds its own in comparison. Our server, Jose, has been gracious and attentive throughout the meal. There is nothing rote about the service. He makes suggestions during the meal to heighten our experience - like adding a bite of the unused guacamole with the chile relleno or going for the Cadillac.We leave thinking that regular Mexican food will never taste the same again. Until Bayless opens a restaurant in San Francisco, we will have to make pilgrimages to Chicago and Las Vegas.
4	Amazing food & atmosphere! I had the chicken enchiladas...best I've ever had!  My husband & friends had the prime rib chile rellenos & they had the same reaction. Margaritas are phenomenal!  The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star rating is because I feel it is a bit overpriced. Must try once for sure & will def go again when in Vegas next!
4	Courteous well spoken staff (front and back)We were there this Monday at 8:30 pm.The food is very goodI won't mention what food to get because all that we ordered was good.We will return again.I didn't like the parking situation. It was too far and too dark when we left the restaurant and feared for our lives
5	I would be a fat broke regular if this place was closer to my home. The food here is incredibely flavored without being overpowering. I had the vegetarian quesadilla and the seared scallops. I was glad I sat away from the other guest because I was being a rude eater because the food was so amazing. I got to meet the chef. He was humble and patiently explained some of his techniques which were innovative.  I give it five stars for the food, the attentive service, and the ambiance!A must try. I will be back here soon!
4	A bookmark for far too long, I finally had the opportunity to dine at Mundo last Saturday night.  With a 6:00pm reservation, my date and I were seated immediately.  The restaurant has a classy, but relaxed vibe with most patrons probably having a pre-Smith Center-show meal, because it got a little empty at 7:00pm.  I was a little wary of how the service would be based on other Yelp reviews, but our waiter was very attentive throughout the meal.  We started with the sangria (refreshing), shared the chopped salad (nice and light) which was halved for us, and I had the shrimp tamale as my entree:  delicious!  We finished the meal with the chocolate Tres Leches cake which came with vanilla ice cream.  I thoroughly enjoyed my time there and will definitely return.  BTW, it was my first time at the World Market Center itself, and there is some nice architecture going on there!
4	Ate here with clients while in LV for a convention and we wanted to get out of the strip resorts. What a great choice we made! Although off the beaten path a bit, the restaurant itself has beautiful atmosphere - upscale and dimly lit. You must drive or take a cab here as it is not in walking distance to anything.The margaritas were hand crafted and delicious and chips/salsa/guacamole fresh and flavorful.Our table started with two appetizers which we shared amongst 6 of us - the Mundo chopped salad was delicious - made with tomatoes, cucumbers, apple, Maytag bleu cheese, and a sweet/spicy vinagarette dressing. We also had chicken nachos. I'm not a nachos person but these were quite good.For dinner, I chose the chilean sea bass which was sweet and spicy - glazed with a jalapeno citrus sauce and it was over vegetables - fresh sautee of assorted long beans. Co-diners went with more traditional Mexican dishes - chicken enchiladas which were delicious, filet mignon chile relleno, quesadillas - all very tasty and not overly greasy or buried in cheese.We happened to be there on karaoke night. Had I not been with clients, I would've had some tequila shots and joined in. Since I wasnt in that mind-frame, the karaoke was borderline annoying.All in all, a good choice - gourmet Mexican is how I would classify it.
5	If this isn't one of the best restaurant's in Vegas, I don't know what is. I've been here twice and wonder why I don't come once a week. The fajitas are to die for, and the street corn (while extremely rich) is possibly one of the best thing's I've ever put in my mouth. This place is slightly pricey, but worth every penny. Plus, it's got one of the best interior design of any restaurant in Vegas.
4	Best margarita I've had, ok maybe being generous here but it was definitely in the top 5 and the best part was it was free with my Yelp check in! There is nothing that makes me happier than fresh chips & salsa and a good margarita. The chips were warm and crispy, lightly salted and the salsa was perfect. Started out with the calamari, cilantro serrano + sweet chipotle dipping sauces, delicious and a must if you're a calamari lover like I am, then moved on to the sarape de pollo, black beans, manchego, mint chimichurri, guacamole + pico de gallo. This was so unique and my friend and I ended up splitting it and it was definitely large enough to split especially when you fill yourself up on chips & salsa prior to your entree. Valet parking is also a plus (yes, I'm a valet parker) service here was good, and I loved the decor here, very stylish and eclectic. This is a wonderful find.
2	We were very excited to try Mundo after reading the reviews but was very disappointed in our experience. We got to the near empty place on Sat at 3:05 and were disappointed in missing lunch and didn't fuss since it was our fault we were 5 minutes late.  Location was very odd and out of the way.  Decor was nice, only 3 other groups eating which should have been a sign of things to come.I had a beer while wife had a sangria which was pretty good.  Soon after sitting down store bought chips and 1 type of salsa arrived. Yes they were that bad. Next we had queso flameado and it was the highlight of the meal except for the store bought tortillas that came with it.For entrees wife ordered vegetable chile relleno, I was on the fence and asked waiter what he thought of the filet mignon chile relleno.  He said it was one of his favorites and "challenged" me to try it. I accepted the challenge.What was delivered left us feeling ripped off.  The sauce on the veg chilli relleno was ok but the filling was just mush.  Mine had a different sauce which was very odd but the kicker was the meat.  There is no way that was filet mignon, it was cubed chuck or similiar and tough.  My wife said the consistency reminded her of dog food and I hate to say it but I agree with her. We paid $26 for 1 small chilli relleno stuffed with tough meat and mushy vegetables. Service was ok until after we were done eating. Waiter asked if we were done and if we wanted dessert. I said no dessert and we are done. Took another 10 minutes to come back to table and asked if we wanted check. I said we are done just like before.  I guess he was too busy with the 3 other tables.Our feelings are if you are going to charge gourmet prices then you better deliver the goods and they missed the mark for us.
5	Randomly found this place while shopping near by and have been back twice since. The appetizers are awesome, the guacamole has a ton of extra ingredients and it really adds to it. Literally the only knock on this place is the quality of the salsa, but it's not nearly enough to make me knock a star off.I can personally vouch that the Chilean sea bass is amazing, as is the filet mignon. Other than that I can say of the 15-20 people I've been to the restaurant with, not 1 person has had a complaint about about their entree, so I imagine most of the menu is as good as what I've tried.Lastly, the desserts are all great, especially the banana empanadas. And I won't leave out that I loved the service, decor and overall feel of the place.
2	Went here after reading reviews on this place and were very disappointed.  We had tickets to the Smith Center and this is right across the street so we thought we would get dinner group of four and then the show.  Our waiter didn't really want to be there.  He didn't explain anything, and when we asked how a dish was his response for every dish is "it's good" but sounded like "eh I don't care."  They brought our drinks in all different types of glasses, so your first mojito in a big glass and then a tiny glass for the second but still the same price.The food was not at all great for the price you are paying.  I got the filet and I asked medium however it was more well and only a tiny dab of sauce on the side, not enough to actually taste it (the sauce was the best part).  For dessert we were asked, "what would you like for dessert?" Yet no one had shown us a menu.  The service was slow and they were not that busy.Overall I felt like it had a lot of promise walking in, I did like the decor and the feeling when you walk in, but the service and food let me down.  :(
4	My girlfriends and I had dinner at Mundo and it was great - almost perfect. We all had their Cadillac margaritas, which was good not spectacular - but we were all in the mood to have a few drinks. Had mojito, sangria, and one other drink that I can't remember now. Their drinks are strong and hit the spot.We had chips and guacamole, tuna tostada, chopped salad for appetizer, then sea bass, filet mignon, shrimp diablo, and skirt steak as entrees with sides of mexican risotto, wild mushrooms, and spinach with jalepeno.Of course they have to have great guacamole -- it's a standard for Mexican! No?The Tuna tostada was interesting... it's a tortilla triangle with a thin layer of tuna with some type of sweet glaze. i liked it a lot, but the rest of the table was just OK about it. We all thought the chopped salad was delicious - lots of little chunky veggies and seasoned so it was a tad on the sweet side but enough acid to balance. I'd eat just that for lunch.Everyone enjoyed their entrees. I think the sea bass was the best. It was steamed in parchment, and was the most moist and flavorful fish I've had in a while. Next time I go back for dinner, I'm going to order sea bass. Both of the steaks were good but it's steak - nothing special in my opinion. My shrimp diablo was good, just a tad salty but great flavors - a little spicy but tasty. I only at two shrimp -- it came with six -- because I was too full by then. The bed of mexican herbal rice that came with my shrimp was really really good. The sides especially the wild mushrooms are a must. The risotto was OK along with the spinach.Usually, I go for lunch, and it was the first time for dinner, and it was great. The only uncomfortable thing about the meal was at the end, our waiter come to tell us that we only left him $36 in tip which was 15% (I don't tip on the tax) -- which I thought was a bit rude for a waiter to come and tell you that you had only tipped 15%. We all sort of looked at each other and said, OK... we'll discuss it. We left him a few more bucks...but honestly, it sort of ended a great evening with an odd feeling for the restaurant.
4	This place is in a weird location but that kind of adds to it's uniqueness. The inside of the restaurant is beautiful. The place is romantic, the lanterns really add a special touch and feeling to the dining experience. The food is very interesting and flavorful but reminds me of Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill so is lacking in innovation. Some of the menu items are a direct rip off of Bobby's recipes. I would say that any foodie could find something on this menu that will please the taste buds. My only complaint is that I did not like the chips and salsa. These might be the worst chips and salsa I have ever had but since they were free it doesn't really matter. I'll be back but it won't be later this month.
4	short rib enchiladas = yum
1	The owner cancelled a group reservation yesterday that I had for tomorrow night, and proceeded to tell me that he didn't want our group in the restaurant. He wanted us to rent the private dining room and select group menus, but Open Table or the Mundo hostess I spoke to on Friday didn't tell me that. I told him that he could split us up in to multiple tables, but that it would be an inconvenience -- but he told me that we'd just end up 'taking it out' on his staff and didn't want us there. I've heard from multiple people that their service was horrible, but this takes the cake. It's too bad because their food is good and it is walking distance to the Smith Center. I was a regular customer before the shows, but I won't be returning.
1	i dined at Mundo's last night and while the premises were quite nice and the food good, the experience was so bad that i will not go back.  although we had reservations, we were placed at a back table in a back room next to a locked door and another door that led to the outside (alley or the like).  the music was so loud we thought we were in a night club and the base pounding was completely unsuitable.  when we asked whether it could be lowered, it was made louder.  when it came time for a check it took 15 minutes.  the staff was rude and condescending, leaving me to feel as if they were doing me a favor.  whereas most good restaurants are all amount the experience, this folks could have cared less.   I WILL NOT RETURN.
5	The boyfriend and I decided to have date night and dress up.He planned the night and chose this place as his roommate raved so much about it.As we drove up, I was pretty shocked that it was in the World Market Center because I thought only people in conventions were allowed in. Low and behold, it was right outside World Market. The walk up was simply amazing as WM is just a huge behemoth of a structure.When we walked in, it felt so homey and comforting. Like I was in grandma's extremely nice house. All about the lighting, I guess.We had a table with one of those big/king sized chairs. So big that the BF wound up sitting next to me during dinner.Our waiter was really funny and informative about his and the restaurant's fave dishes.Started our dinner with a few cocktails. I forget the names of them but, I know his margarita wasn't as sour/tarte as they normally are so, I liked that a lot.We ordered the ahi tuna pizza app and it was AHHHHMAAAAAZIIIIIIIIIING.Crust was thin and crispy. Reminded me of a really good and waaaaay fancier Mexican Pizza from Taco Bell (but, obvs way better)! I could've eaten 4 of them stacked on each other as a meal!For entrees, I had the Chilean Sea Bass and he had the filet stuffed Chile Rellano; and elote for a side.The sea bass was soooooo beautifully presented. All wrapped up like a delicious gift!His filet was perfectly juicy and tasty; and went very well with the spiciness of the Chile. The sauce added extra kick and spice to the dish.The elote was elote. My FAVE, as always. You can never get Mexi corn wrong.We were so stuffed that we didn't have room for dessert. Which I would love to come back for.What's even more great about this place is that they are vegan/vegetarian friendly. I was excited to tell my roommate who is dating a vegan/vegetarian.All in all, I'm excited for more date nights here. Very romantic and intimate!
1	So filthy we walked out!I took my girlfriend to Mundo on a Saturday night.  Things didn't go well from the moment we walked in.  The hostess couldn't be bothered to look up from her iPhone/text messaging and simultaneous chit-chat with a server to greet us at the door.   We weren't crazy about being seated next to a few very loud tables.  We looked around the room and realized that we'd been seated there because none of the other tables had been bused yet - there were several filthy tabletops. We left the table and moved to the bar for a drink.  It was FILTHY!  The were two bartenders behind the bar and a huge line of filthy unwashed glasses.  There was bar debris - napkins, limes, etc.  We waited to be served  - but the two girls behind the bar couldn't be bothered.  We asked for a drink menu, which she handed us over a stack of unwashed glasses. We looked at the long line filthy glasses on the bar, the tables that hadn't been bused and the garbage on the floor and decided to leave.  I won't be back.
5	Fabulous...more than affordqable for the quality of food and the dining experience.  I felt like I should have paid more and I seldom feel that way.  The queso was ok and I will pass on my nest trip.The Ahi Tuna Tostada is a must have.Filet Rellano was the shining star of the meal.Tamale was excellent.The best Mexican fusion that I've ever had and much better than the restaurants on the strip that try and fail at the same cuisine.
5	Mundo is awesome.  Everything was great and we sampled a lot of the menu--the skewers were awesome and the guacamole is a do not miss.  I was fortunate because the night we dined at Mundo, the special was the pork chop.  I know that a pork chop is sometimes not that inspiring; however, this pork chop was divine.  The restaurant is beautiful--great atmosphere.  I only wish I could have had more time at Mundo and that there was a Mundo in my city.
5	I love going to Mundo! Delish maragaritas and great food. It's strange to see the negative reviews about the hostess and wait staff as we NEVER have a problem. I can vouch for the sea bass and the scallops. Both are phenomenal! Just make sure you don't get there too late...this isn't a late night kitchen, but it's a great place to dine if you're headed downtown for the night!
2	Maybe it was what we ordered but I was quite dissapointed. Having walked in after seeing such good reviews, I guess I had high hopes.The restaurant itself is nice-good lighting and ok ambience.We were offered water as soon as sat down so that was good. The server brought out a complimentary and generous helping of tortilla chips and salsa. The chips did not seem too fresh and the salsa was bland.He came back to take our order a few minutes later. I order veg chilli rellano and D ordered the veg Quesadilla. The roasted tomato sauce that the chilli rellano came with was ok, and I somewhat liked the flavor of the roasted potato pieces but the rest did not have much flavor. Even though I had requested my dish to be spicy, it was not. I tasted the quesadilla and felt that the black eyed peas that were used to top the dish to have a weird flavor. Took a small bite of the quesadilla and it was dry and quite tasteless.I wanted to try this place but maybe we went on an off day. For a saturday night, the place was not that busy and seemed to have lots of servers just roaming around aimlessly. Even with that, they took some 15 minutes to collect our credit card and bring it back after bringing out the bill.
3	Good but not good enough to justify price charged for food.
3	Service was so slow that we didn't get our food for an hour, and the guy that came to fill our water was rude and not very accommodating.  The waiter talked so softly we had to lean in to hear him.  They were supposed to bring the birthday cake out whole for the candle blowing ceremony and then take it back and cut it, but without permission, because of time, brought it out already cut with a candle in a piece for the birthday girl.  The waiter seemed upset when we asked that he bring out the piece on top that said, "Happy Birthday".  I ordered a drink, and in 20 minutes, when I still did not have it, the waiter came back and took my order again, and THEN I got it within about 10 minutes.That aside, the ambiance was fantastic.  Low lighting, but not too low.  The filet rellano was worth every penny.  Absolutely delicious!  Highlight of the evening.  The ahi tuna tostada was different and good.  Steer clear of the calamari though.  It was bland and more like slimy Long John Silvers - actually LJS is a little better.  Guacamole was delicious.  Chips were good and water was kept full.  The mojitos are not too sweet and not too mint-y.  Perfect.
4	Love  the decor...the best!  The food is a little expensive but don't forget the big rent they are paying and payroll :)If it isn't right...send it back!  Their Guac is sooo fresh and delish!No place is perfect. Except Chef Ramsey...lol
5	Great food. Chef rocks
3	We had reservations at Mundo for 5:15 pm on a Thursday before a Smith Center show. This timing worked out very well, after much consideration.Overall, this was a great restaurant for the location (if you are attending a show) as there did not appear to be many other options. The parking lot was only a bit farther than the actual Smith Center parking area. Without that consideration, it was very average as a whole.Our server was very cordial and the staff was attentive. However, when we had finished our meal, our server seemed to disappear for a while before we were able to signal him to bring our check. Our party of three had the filet mignon, the wagyu skirt steak, and the carnitas. All of it was tasty, but definitely not what I would consider gourmet. I was expecting a much more diverse palette of taste compared to what seemed like very generic mexican flavors.I would probably not return to Mundo unless there are no other options for my next Smith Center trip.
5	My wife found this gem in a article in the San Francisco Chronicle while we were on the plane to Vegas. Although our cab driver had a hard time locating it, it's worth the $15 ride off the strip to check out. Mundo isn't visible from the street so if you cabbie can't find it, just point to the very austere building and tell him it's in there.Over all the experience was EXCELLENT! Our waiter was very attentive with out being a pest and was very friendly. Actually, everybody who works there that we came in contact with were very nice. The food was excellent. i had the special pork chop and although it was a little pricy, it was cooked, seasoned and presented excellently. My wife had the scallops and they were excellent as well. Scallops are one of those hard things to prepare well and these were perfect. When we go back to Vegas, we'll definitely go back!
3	It was ok, but nothing that knocked my socks off. Wait rec'd an expensive bottle of wine which w also just ok. All of the food offerings seemed like they were more intent on offering you a spicy food rather than a flavorful one. I am a fan of both but the fire here overpowered any flavor offerings. Others at table felt the same way as even the scallops flavor was hidden by the fire. Busy night in Vegas and hardly anyone here so not so sure how long this one will last unless some changes are made.
4	Great happy hour and dinner items! Here are my faves:[Good items]Guacamole (but the chips suck so garnish on tacos)Chicken & Steak tacos Chilean sea bass entree (healthy, flavors are subtle with hints of spice from the jalepano, and acidity from the lime, soft texture)Filet mignon chille relleno (my favorite item, the smoked chile sauce does wonders, and I like how they cut up the meat for you so that all you have to do is fork to mouth)Sweet corn tamale (definitely get a side of this with your dish!)Sea scallopsSangria & Margarita (it's good esp during happy hour prices)[Meh items]Ahi tuna tostada (sliver of chopped up tuna on fried tortilla basically, flavors were tad boring)[Bah items]Rock shrimp tacos (shrimpy shrimp excessively covered in batter)Mundo fries (no bueno, super dull fries)The free salsa & chips (probably worst item, but hey it's free!)Note: During happy hour you have to sit at the bar to get the happy hour deal. But, we talked to the staff and they were nice enough to accommodate our group who wanted both happy hour and dinner items. How cool is that!
5	Best mexican restaurant in town by far
4	My friend and I stopped by Mundo before heading to the Smith Center to watch Wicked. We started off with the guacamole and it was delicious! They also gave us chips and salsa. The salsa had good flavor but wasn't quite spicy enough for either of us. We both ordered the sangria and I would highly recommend it.  We're both alike and we can never decide on one thing. Since she's a vegetarian, I decided to go with a veggie entree so we could both try two different items. She ordered the garden quesadilla and I ordered the garden enchiladas. Both entrees were pretty good!  I would definitely like to go back and try one of their meat entrees though. They also have a brunch menu that sounds amazing. I will definitely be back sometime to give it another try.
4	The corn was so good! The wagyu skirt steak was good, but not great. A little pricey but the food is good. My wife got the scallops which were tasty.
5	This has to be my all time favorite restaurant EVER.  I go at least once per month, but would go every week if I had the chance. The food is creative and full of  flavor and depending on what is ordered the portions are generous.I have had just about everything on the menu but my favorite item is the Chipolte Shrimp Tamales.  The well seasoned shrimp are more like prawns, the tamale is sweet and the it's a pleasant contrast to the spicy sauce. The presentation, flavor and texture combination of this dish have made it my families favorite item to order.The ala carte sides are unique and tasty and the desserts are designed to share. The service has always been great, but every once in a while the staff seems frazzled (but still friendly and professional).
4	Went there for brunch for my aunt's birthday this place was great. I got the wagyu skirt steak and got my eggs poached. It was a perfectly cooked medium rare and the eggs were just right. My grandpa had the pancakes which I suggest trying because one bite and i was hooked. My mother got a mexican twist on eggs benedict which worked really well with jalapeno corn bread instead of english muffins and pork carnitas instead of canadian bacon  My aunt got the steak omelette which looked good but I couldn't try since I'm allergic to avocado. For dessert (like we needed it) we got the tres leche cake which was good but for me had a not so great after taste but maybe it was because of the other stuff I ate. Over all it was good and will go back again for dinner. On a side note my mom got the bottomless bloody mary which is totally worth it since one is $9 and the bottomless is $20 and it had to be the biggest glass of bloody mary I've seen so be prepared to get a lil tipsy early in the day :)
5	Very tasty. Easy Parking. Hip design. I plan to return many times.
4	I have eaten here several times before going to a show at the Smith Center, and have never been disappointed.   You must start with the guacamole.  It is excellent, we ate every last bite and actually almost licked the plate clean.   This visit, I had the Filet Mignon for my main course and my friend had the Chilean Sea Bass.  I am not a big seafood fan, but even I enjoyed several stolen bites of my friend's entree.   Everything I have had on the menu is extremely rich in flavor, and beautifully presented.  Most people rave about the chopped salad, but it really was not my favorite.  I wish they would bring back the Bibb Wedge they used to have, then they would definitely have my 5 stars as it would have made my meal perfect. Service is great, but I would recommend making reservations if you are planning on attending a show at the Smith Center.  The dining room fills up fast after about 530pm, but the staff and kitchen are well prepared to handle the quick influx of guests.
5	This restaurant is amazing.  I've had beef, scallops, chicken, salads and everything is good. If you are in Las Vegas, take the trip out to eat at Mundo. It will be a great experience! Take all your friends.
5	OMG I love Mundo. Been here many times. To all the negative reviewers, are you sure you went to Mundo? Anyway,  the shrimp tamales may be the best thing I've ever eaten in my entire life, period. The service has always been great. Last night I had a Cut on my finger re-open so the server took me to the bar where the bartender squeezed lime on it and the other bartender put salt on it. Needless to say the cut was completely healed in seconds. This is by far my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas hands down. True art in cuisine.
2	I've heard nothing but accolades regarding Mundo, and decided my birthday would be a nice chance to finally taste the greatness of all that I've read and heard about.Our waiter made the experience extremely disappointing. We arrived the same time the mayor and her husband did - literally walking in the door at the same time. They finished their meal and were leaving AS OUR ORDER WAS BEING PLACED. This happened to two other tables that were seated around the same time we were.Our waiter was unprofessional, inattentive and only came to our table when we requested. The best .. when we raised our concerns at the end of the meal he was argumentative?! Who does that?!The food, outstanding - definitely lived up to the hype - but if I'm dropping $$$ money on a restaurant, I have an expectation that the entire experience is going to be $$$.  We did speak with the manager on site, and that experience was as disappointing. She responded with the same argumentative tone, and backed the waiter when he listed a myriad of poor excuses for his inattention to our table.Nothing was offered in compensation, and no apology for our bad experience -- and we were nice about explaining what had happened.I would like to say I'll be back (like I said, food was outstanding). But I doubt I will, because I won't take the risk that I will be treated like that with my friends again.See ya at Javiers!
5	Was at the Market for a business trip and decided to take it easy and have lunch here. At first glance it looked like the place was expensive, and probably not going to be worth it, i was PROVED WRONG when they had a decently priced happy hour. I believe we spent 60 bucks for three people and came out satisfied. The food had great flavor(calamari, beef sticks, nachos, tacos, etc etc)I WILL eat here again when I'm back in town.
2	Visited for Dinner before going to the Smith Center for a show with freinds and there were 3 kids in our party about 8 years old.  This is not a kid freindly place.  We asked the waiter for guidance on ordering for the kids and he just said we don't have a kids menu.  So, what are we suppose to do, just get up an leave?  We finally got some help with what the kids could eat but what he proposed was not kid friendly. One item was deep fried to long and was so hard it could not be eaten by kids.  They also charged $12 each for thin, 6 inch round casadias.  Kids left hungery and the waiter was just not very freindly.  He acted too big time to help us and smile.The adult meals were good and beer was a good price.  Manager was nice and adjusted the bill, but if you have to get to know the manager, it was probably not a good night out or a good dining experience.   Prices were kinda high for dinner for mexican food, in the 20 to 30 dollar range but I liked my meal and it is close to the Smith Center so no worries on the adult meal prices.  I would go back for lunch but maybe not for dinner and never again with kids.
5	Best happy hour in Vegas.Excellent food at happy hourGreat service and great cocktailsOne of my regular spots
4	very good yummy food, the place is very stylish and beautiful. I liked everything. But this place receives 4 starts only because of the very very veeeery bad hostess they had today (Feb. 9) for lunch. when we came in she didn't even lift her eyes to acknowledge our presence, told us to wait for a table and didn't even tell anyone to set up a table for us (while the place had only 2 full tables LOL) and when we (only 2 people) told her that this was ridiculous, she still would not allow us to sit at a table. Very not proper restaurant hostess attitude!!  But, once again, I was to emphasize that the food was great, the rest of service was spot on. I will go back for sure, but I hope I won't see the same sour face at the door.
4	Located on the first floor of one of the World Market Center buildings, Mundo is the only restaurant open during and after shops at the WMC shops close.During my two visits, I noticed that chips and salsa were brought out immediately. The wait staff is always there to refill drinks. The recommendations by the staff helped make my second visit a success. There is actual flavor to the food I ordered, not just spicy, it was both. The steaks were excellent, which is a different experience from most Mexican restaurants I have been to. The price per entree reflects that this is a higher end restaurant.I would not advise paying $24 for a shrimp tamale however. That dish should be around $14 max. The street corn and Mexican risotto are great side items. I ordered the Mexican risotto on both of my visits.If you are looking for a premium meal before or after an event in the World Market Center, Downtown Las Vegas or The Smith Center, do consider Mundo.
5	went here for our parents' 40th anniversary. called ahead to make a reservation. the staff was very friendly and made our parents' feel special by congratulating them as they walked in (so they had taken a look at my notes on the reservation!). we had a beautiful table awaiting us, the music was soft, the decor wonderful. easy to have conversation, very attentive staff, and absolutely delicious food. i would recommend the 'pork tenderloin' as the the single most delicious dish on their menu. great place for family. we had a 9month baby with us and the staff was very helpful in making sure to get us any thing we needed and also were kind to the baby.
5	Went Vegan for MUNDO!Loved the chic decor, definitely my type of spot. Hidden, modern with a full stock bar. Don't forget the extensive Spanish/Mexican inspired Wine list. Appetizer: 5/5Since your given complimentary tortilla chips and salsa, It was a given duh that we'd order GUACAMOLE. I'm a sucker for guacamole, super fresh and creamy.*Wine: 5/5Wine from around the world, I chose Casillero del diablo, merlot 2008, from chile. Thought hmmm Spanish inspired Chile wines a must. Smooth and refreshing, with a little bite. The color was a dark ruby red. Vegan Entree: 5/5I appreciate restaurants that appreciate their Vegan customers. So when I noticed they offered Vegan entree's I couldn't resist being a Vegan for one night. I ordered the garden quesadilla with manchego and oaxaca cheese, 3 bean relish, green chile pipian drizzle. This was surprisingly super yummy. The pop of hot spices and fresh ingredients YUMM.
4	A gem off the strip.  We come to vegas 2x a year for work and have finally realized in the past two trips that we need to get off the strip to get away from overpriced, mediocre food.  Mundo was one of the places I found and I haven't been disappointed!Most recently, we ate here last week with a group of 9 for a salesman dinner for hubby's company.  I felt the food would be accessible, there would be a good amount of alcohol flowing, and it wouldn't break the bank for that many people.  And the atmosphere/ look of the restaurant is impressive and beautiful.  When we were there they had a lot of beautiful in full bloom roses all over the restaurant.  Overall the dinner went really well and we had some wonderful dishes.  Everyone was pretty happy.  The only exception to that was that 3 people ordered the skirt steak dish and said it was on the tough/chewy side and could have used more marinating.Here's what we got:DrinksPaloma- a spin on a Margarita with grapefruit instead of lime juiceMargarita- love their classic margarita and they're only $9!White wine- paco y lola arbarino from spain- deliciousRed wine- casillero del diablo carmenere from chile- run of the mill red, probably should have gone for something else.  Apps (shared)Tortilla chips & salsa- complementary.  Fresh salsa and freshly fried chips.  Nice!Queso Flameado- comes with piping hot tortillas.  This was delicious but we were sharing and I couldn't tell what else was in it other than the melted cheese on top.  I think there's guacamole in there.  Would definitely get this again.  Guacamole- this was fine but nothing that special.Calamari- nicely fried calamari, but not a lot of them to share.  Probably wouldn't get this again.  Ahi Tuna Tostada- this was an awesome dish.  Comes sliced into 6 wedges.  Very thin crispy tortilla with ground up ahi tuna spread on top.  It has some sort of garlic-y oil on it that makes it taste sooo good.  Chopped salad- very nice and refreshing.  sweetened with cranberries.EntreesChilean sea bass- comes in a paper "envelope".  Was told that this was a very good dishScallops- comes on a bed of rice mixed with corn and some other things.  The scallops looked like they were burnt to a crisp on one side, but actually they were perfectly cooked.  the rice was very nice and a little spicy.Skirt steak- like I said, all three who got this said it was chewy and tough.  Disappointing to hear that.Shrimp tamale- hubby got this and he was unimpressed with the tamale part, but the shrimp on top were really good.  Probably not worth the price of this entree.  Dessert-Churros- filled with some sort of chocolate ganache with a small dish of melted chocolate for dipping.  Perfect ending to the evening.
4	If you're looking for a more chic/upscale Mexican place and not wanting to deal with the strip...*Great Mexican place for VegetariansThe service was very good and prompt. They tell you about the specials when they give you the menu - they had 4 additional options that night.Favorite thing about this place - Margaritas. They use Agave, silver tequila and lime juice...so simple but it's my favorite. The salsa and guacamole is ok. The salsa doesn't have a special taste nor did the guac. I love spicy guac or to have the option at least. For dinner - Sweet Chipotle glaze shrimp tamale. LOVED this! I loved the spiciness of the red sauce. Very good sweet/spicy mix and very creamy corn for the tamale.Skirt steak - Anytime I can get arrachera, I will do so. This was a very good dish with a side of sauteed spinach with onions and jalapenos. I'm not sure how long they marinade it for, but arrachera usually has a ton of flavor in it. This one was good and tender, just not as much flavor as I'm used to. My friend had one of the specials - Pan seared scallops on a bed of rice pilaf. It also was very good. The scallops where very tender and not rubbery tasting like a lot of places around here serve. Overall, I liked this place a lot. I think it's a lovely modern setting for a nice date or a small group of people with good food and drinks.
5	Celebrated my husbands birthday there with friends.  Loved the food.  Everyone was very surprised where it was and how nice it was.  Thank you for a great time.  Peepz
5	I have a rule when it comes to Mexican food: if the menus are in English, it's probably no good. I am happy to report that Mundo breaks that rule ... really, REALLY breaks it. Mundo takes excellent (and fairly authentic) Mexican food and kicks it up just enough to truly make it a dining experience. The skirt steak appetizer was served with marinated avocados... I was skeptical, but they were fantastic. My Shrimp Diablo was very well prepared and just spicy enough to enrich the flavor without overpowering it. In fact, everything we tried was excellent, but to be honest, it wasn't the entrees or appetizers that sold us. As authentic Mexican food lovers, it was the Mexican street corn (or Elotes, as we called it when I lived on the border) that really put us over the top. I would order them again with every meal, and on every visit -- and believe me, there will be plenty more visits to come!
1	If you are thinking of trying Mundo for the first time, please readthis. This was the worst experience I have ever had in a restaurant.Unfortunately we weren't able to try the food because we were verballyattacked by the owner, Mingo Collaso, so this review is for theexperience only. Here's what happened.My husband and I (we are locals) called the restaurant at 3 pm, askingif they were still serving lunch. The host was very sweet and politeand said they were serving dinner and happy hour. I told her we had ababy in a car seat (she is 8 weeks old and sleeps all day as newborns do)- and could we bring her into the restaurant with us to eat. She said she'd check and seconds later she said it would be fine.We arrived, were politely greeted, the host acknowledged that I hadcalled, and she brought us to our table. There was not ONE OTHERPERSON in the restaurant. I repeat- we were the only people there. Wesat down and the server/ bartender greeted us and we ordered acocktail. We then ordered several items off the happy hour menu. Thebaby was being great (still in her carseat), we had cocktails, food onits way- so far so good.Then a man (owner Mingo Collaso) walked up to our table and said, "Iwant you to know there's nothing I can do about it now, but childrenare not allowed in the restaurant." I looked at him with a confused look,since we had been seated there by the host, and said, "Well, I calledahead and asked--" and he interrupted me and said, "I don't care. LikeI said, there's nothing I can do about it now." I said, "are youasking us to leave?" and he responded again, "I don't care."I asked him, "Why are you treating us this way? Why are you being sorude?" He responded again about how children were not allowed, and Ipointed out that there was not one other person in the restaurant andwe had called and asked. He repeated, "I don't care," and turned onhis heels and stormed OUT of the restaurant.We were shocked. I have never been treated this badly in a restaurantin my life. I worked in the service industry for ten years and havenever seen anyone treated like this. We had called ahead about thebaby, arrived when not a single person was there, ordered drinks andfood, and were suddenly attacked by the owner. I felt like I gotpunched in the face.He was obviously mad at his staff for allowing us in and behaved likea child by taking it out on us. I will strongly advise anyone whowants a positive service experience to not go to Mundo. The owner isunprofessional, unkind, and rude. I literally left in tears thanks to him.
4	I went here on a blind date and the food was better than the date. The service was excellent and very professional. I had the tacos and they were delicious. The only reason I am giving it 4 stars and not 5 is because of the price. I thought the price was a little high for what you get. But overall its a great date spot and a good place for a nice power lunch.
4	After UYE event we decided to check out this place , I've never been here so this is a first. At the world market center, parking outside is best rather than the parking lot.The dining room is spectacular , I felt like I was in a high end restaurant on the strip. It has a modern cool feel.Chips and salsa: crispy and dusted in a chile spice, salsa is fresh and flavorful, with a slight kick to it.Unfortunately, I had to leave early for work so I did not get a chance to try the food. I will update this if I ever go to this place again.This place could have been 5 stars if the hostess would have redeemed my yelp check in offer, which was supposed to be a hi five.
2	This place is a complete rip off. They charge 4 small tacos and even a single quesadilla for approximately 11-12 dollars and the cheapest food on their menu is a small house salad for 7 dollars that I can easily make at home from grocery produce that I can buy from a super market. I went with a few yelpers after a large event and upon arrival the place was pretty well lit, clean, and cozy; but I was surprised at their menu because it was incredibly limited and devoid of any substantial variety.It took them around 40 minutes for them to finally finish cooking our meals and from looking at all the dishes that the other yelpers, ordered they looked incredibly small. No single dish could even seem as though it could satisfy anyone's hunger. I believe that you need to order at least 3 or more (which means more spending!) to even accomplish such a simple endeavor. Also, the service staff members were kind of creepy. Sure, they all wore nice fancy dress shirts and ties, but we could all tell that they were simply pretending to act nice towards us so we won't complain about spending money on their overly priced foods. They also seemed to enjoy talking in a high pitched vocal tonality for some strange apparent reason (not that they are necessarily brown nosers of course :P). It's easy enough to simply acted as though they cared, but there were very few people in the venue and I could not believe the tremendous amount of time they took to make our food.   They only exception I can guarantee is the variety of exotic alcohol drinks that seemed to fill up 1/3 of their menu and of course their fancy  environment, but this place is pretty small regardless. I would wish that a better restaurant could occupy Mundo's space because of their grand location near the World Market Center but I'll just avoid this spot for now. The only advice that I could give is to go try this place out yourself or if this review managed to fully convince you how terrible this place was, it's better to go buy your own groceries or even travel to Ihop/Dennys for a more superior experience.
4	Located in the World Market campus, close to the outlet and Smiths Center.  I went here with Yelpers after an event.  Aside from good food, I am a sucker for nice modern interior design which Mundo has.  Plush seats, chandeliers, mirrors, flowers and splashes of color here and there.We were given complimentary chips and salsa to hold us over before we got our entrees.  The service wasn't excellent but maybe part of it was because we were a group of about 18 people. I ordered the skirt steak tacos but I was given somebody else's food.  The steak tacos were good.  My sangria was a bit watered down.For the steak tacos, fabulous interior design and location...4 stars.
3	I am a Yelper that does not sugar coat things. Yelp is my Diary and I write it like it is. Based on my experience at Mundo I am writing a review that places it in the middle of the rating spectrum.   After the UYE at Springs Preserve, I joined my Yelp friends  for more good times at Mundo Restaurant. I was not hungry but up to socializing with yelpers and a couple of tequilas.  The tequilas were strong. When I walked into the restaurant later than everybody, some of my yelp friends were laughing and  having a great time. Right off the bat, I had to try their tequila. After I took a few sips of my tequila, I was laughing and very relaxed. The tequila was so good that I wanted another one. This is when I found out that the service here is kind of slow. I knew the waiter was busy serving our group. So I walked across the fancy dining room to the bar. There is an issue. The bar tender was also a waiter. The result was a wait for the tequila. Finally I rejoined my Yelp peers at the table carrying my second tequila.  The place itself is a nice environment to hang out in. Although it is in the Furniture Center Complex, it is a restaurant that would be at home in Beverly Hills, It is just a very fancy restaurant.   Interior design and the good times I shared with my Yelper friends is not saving Mundo from achieving above three stars in my review. There are some issues that don't fly by me. First, another Yelper paid for his drink at the bar, and that drink was also reflected on that individuals check. I have been to three restaurants with Yelp peers. This is the first restaurant to add each yelper's tab on one bill. I do not like that! I especially did not like that when the waiter told us that we were $18 short. Even after two strong tequilas! Realistically there is no way to add up everybody's tab and see who came up short. That is if anybody really did come up short. This also begs the question, "If we paid the tip was there still a gratuity charge?" We probably will never know. We each chipped in the extra money to make up for the alleged $18 short of paying the bill. Adding each person's tab on one bill is just poor business. Then alleging that we are $18 short is just poor business. The nice environment and socializing with the Yelper friends with the strong tequila kept the rating at three stars.Review 66 of the 2013 Yelp 100 Challenge
2	In Vegas for a Girls' weekend and was super excited we had reservations for a Rick Bayless place.Mundo is in a design center...somewhat strange locale but the restaurant is 'Latin Chic," we went with it.   We all got super excited when we saw "Mexican Corn" on the menu.  To be fair, this is out great expectation to another experience we had in NYC with mexican corn at a little hole in the wall place...AND this is Rick Bayless IT MUST BE EVEN BETTER! (wait for it....)The "MEH."  (Would have been aokay at 3 stars)1.  The sangria was tasty, none of us could get a buzz off of it.2.  The Mexican corn came out...and it was waaaay too rich.  There was waayyy too much cream/cheese in it to really enjoy it.  Had it been a bit lighter, we would have inhaled it.3.  Carnitas...had better.  RB didn't revolutionalize or improve upon it. Sadly...meh.The Grr.... (minus the 1 star)Service:  overall all the servers were friendly.  However dropped a few balls which wasn't such a huge deal...but don't lie to me about a $2 cup of coffee.- Initially Jose, our server was friendly, jabs here and there (perfect in sparring with these group of girls).  However as the night wore on...the attentiveness wore off.He forgot my corn.  Come to find out, he served it to another friend at the other side of the table.  Not such a big deal.- Then came dessert.  I asked for a cup of coffee with a plate of Churros for the table.  The churros came, we ate it, it was okay, we sat there -- no coffee.- Meanwhile, a table he was familiar with sat down next to us and he proceeds to yak them up, even pulling out his phone for a slide show and having a complate conversation with the table.- When he finally got back to our table 20 minutes later, I looked at him and he realized he never brought my coffee and proceeded with the following: --   JOSE:   Oh! I am so sorry!  I won't charge you for it, it is removed it but let me give you a cup to go. --   ME:  Forget it..  Just take it off the bill --   JOSE:  Please. Let me buy you a cup of coffee. --   ME:  No, forget it. --   JOSE:  You sure?  Okay...well here's the bill, no rushMy friend took the bill and muttered to another friend "ooh...the coffee is still on here"Now.  Let me set something straight.  It isn't the $2 he charged for my coffee.  Rather , why make the big gesture of falling on the sword with "I am SO SORRY! I TOOK IT OFF! LET ME BRING YOU A CUP TO GO!"   Had that been it, I would have been fine, but no....he lies about a $2 cup of coffee...
4	We have had lunch here several times, but today, it finally dawned on me that I haven't yelped about this place.  It's legit.  The salsa has a little heat to it, which I like.  Also, the guacamole had a lot of additional ingredients:  peppers, onion, tomato, radishes, etc.  It was fantastic as well.For lunch, I had the wagyu fajitas.  These were EXCELLENT and for $20 you get quite a lot of food.  The steak is heavily - but not overly so - seasoned, as are the accompanying onions and peppers.  You also get rice and beans, it's more than enough to make 3 good sized fajitas.  We also had the shrimp tacos, which are a staple for us at Mundo.  3 tacos in smaller size tortillas, they fill them to the brim, to the point you will probably have to resort to a fork at times.  They are crispy and flavorful, which is why one of us typically gets them.Today, we shared the street corn, which is taken off the cob and mixed with cojita cheese, crema, and spices.  It was excellent, better than many creamed corn dishes I've had at fancy steakhouses.  This side dish is a must, the corn is firm and retains a lot of its crunch.  The cheese is noticeable, and the spices add flavor without overwhelming.  Can't believe I haven't eaten this before.Also, none of our drinks got close to empty.  Excellent service throughout.  Highly recommend Mundo.
3	Stopped in after my event to have quick drink w the fellas. Cool atmosphere nice bar I would consider coming back and seeing what the food might be like since I like latin food.
3	Today i had the opportunity to dine at Mundo with Samantha G her spouse and my spouse Josie L.  I was encouraged by word of mouth to make a reservation due to how busy this place always is. When we arrived we used available valet, and quickly went inside. It was a little busy but not what we expected, really died out once theater crowd had left for show time. We were seated promptly and had drinks ordered and salsa and chips right away, big plus. We had the Avocado dip which was pricey for the amount we got and not too impressive as pictures and other yelpers stated. I had the Carnitas and they were very good and my side of Street Corn was amazing. My wife Josie had a chicken special that she found was really good. Desert was Cherros that were good except for the filling in the middle. We also had the crepes they were good but a little too thick for our tastes. While having desert Valet brought me my keys, business was slow and they were closing down. It was 8:45 PM. Overall a good meal good service. For the prices I expected more.
3	Mundo is a small place that I had never heard of before. It is located in the World Market Center. We went here on a weekend afternoon and there wasn't a lot of staff. We had a huge table, and they took a while even just to come get our drink order. The place wasn't busy or anything, otherwise I would have forgiven it more. That's a big annoyance of mine. Thankfully though, after that setback, everything ran a lot smoother until it was time for the check. They struggle with splitting up checks. Like really had an issue with it. It makes the place look pretty incompetent and we had to all manually figure out what we owed. They bring you some chips and salsa before your meal. They were really tasty. Mundo makes a pretty refreshing mojito. And after the salty chips, the mojito was very welcomed. I ordered the short rib enchilada. You get two enchiladas. At first I thought it wasn't much food, but between the chips, the drink and the enhiladas, I was stuffed. The meat was very tender and the sauce was great! I'd order that again anytime. But it's still pricey for two enchiladas. The place has a really nice ambiance as well. It had a really nice design, along with classy lighting. I felt underdressed coming from Springs Preserve. But it wasn't a pretentious place, where you would mind being a little underdressed very much. All in all, if in the area, Mundo is worth checking out. I wasn't head over heels enough to make the trek for it specifically though. Step up the service, add at least one more enchilada for the price you charge (or just adjust the price), and figure out how to use your point of sale system and you'll be a four or maybe even five star spot in my eyes. The food doesn't need to be changed at all though, it was delicious.
3	Located at the bottom of the World Market Center in Downtown, Mundo is in a fantastic spot near a busy shopping center and the Smith Center. Brad L organized a fun get together and all of us were looking forward to our Mundo experience. I'd read a few reviews and seen a write up in a local paper and was ready for Mundo. The decor in this place is very inviting.  It's elegant without being stuffy. We started with a few drinks: beer and sangria.  After we got settled in, we nibbled on seasoned chips and chunky salsa while our group waited for the rest our meal. Of the four dishes that we tried, the carnitas plate was far and away the best. The meat was tender and flavorful. Anyone ordering this dish would be satisfied with the quality. I had no issues with the other food, I was simply expecting more creative selections. Perhaps it is not fair to judge a restaurant based on my expectations of creativity, but the location, the decor, and even their website promises customers something ....more.  "[Mundo] is a creative, collaborative effort..." The creativity was more than evident in the lovely decor and space design, but I missed it in the food. To me, upscale Mexican food should have a twist. I can get expected, traditional, delicious fare at a number of places in the Valley for considerably less money. I thought I was paying for a variation on dishes I know very well. That was not the case. The food was good. The meat was spiced and cooked well, the beans were nicely seasoned, and the salsas were full of flavor. The "street" corn was a surprise. It was creamy and crunchy with a bit of tang. It was the best of our side dishes. The desert was disappointing.  The churros and crepes were a let down. I whole- heatedly admit that I am not a desert connoisseur. But even more so than with my meal, I am looking to have an experience with my desert. PARTICULARLY at an upscale restaurant. I had no such experience here. Both selections were topped with the same caramel drizzle. The churros came with a side of more caramel and chocolate sauce. They were filled with a soft spiced mixture. I have seen this in churros before, but in spite of the meal, I was still expecting an "elevated" churro. Maybe a twist on the traditional churro? Or at least a traditional churro done beautifully? No such luck. In addition to sliced apple, the crepe seemed to contain a variation of the spiced creme that was in the churro. No gracias. Service was solid. They were quick to take away finished plates and they made sure that we had refills. VIBE: Nuevo WarmMundo didn't blow me away, but because of its location and solid main dishes, I will likely return.
5	Service is spot on. The "sarape de pollo", is packed with flavor.
5	A place you must visit in Downtown Las Vegas! The food and wine are exquisite, and the service top-notch!This is a wonderful dinner spot for romantic dates or special events, and the ambiance is so hip and classy.
5	This place is awesome has great food very authentic! also the owners of the place actually make alien brand tequila! as good as it gets!
3	it's good but I expected great.  I had the chopped salad, carnitas and tried the roast chicken.  everything had a hint of sweet.  my biggest disappointment of the night is the server recommending corn tortillas with my carnitas. I would have gotten them anyway but he made it sound like they were house-made.  they could have been right off the smith's grocery store shelves.  lame.
3	The boyfriend and I took our parents here around Christmas. The hostesses were very nice. Our server claimed he had a big Christmas party he was handling,  so we were very understanding to him not being very attentive. However, we later found out that the party was buffet style and he had help. Needless to say, this was a bit irritating. Our steaks, fish, and pork were cooked perfectly. Unfortunately almost everything we ordered was extremely spicy. None of us mind a bit of spice, but everything being very spicy overpowered the meal and made it hard to enjoy.  All in all I would consider this a decent meal. Although for the price and poor service, decent feels more like mediocre.
3	Located in the World Market Center in downtown Las Vegas.  My dining companion and I came here due to the positive yelp reviews.  Firstly, I would say that though yelpers have rated it "casual", it's not--I've spent the entire day walking the strip in the heat--casual.  My dining companion was wearing shorts and a t-shirt and felt under-dressed.  I ordered the chicken enchiladas and my dining companion had their carnitas.  Neither dish was outstanding.  Maybe I've had a little too much absolutely amazing cheap Mexican food (in both Mexico and places in CA) but if you're charging me nearly 20 bucks for a couple of chicken enchiladas (no sides), then they better be over-the-moon fantastic.  They were not.  Dining companion reported the $24 carnitas solid but not fabulous.  The one redeeming factor was the service.  Our servers were excellent--friendly, prompt, and everything you'd like a server to be!  4 star for the service, 2 star for the food--split the difference and hit it with 3 stars.
5	Mundo is a wonderful, modern take on Mexican food. The decor, dishes, and service (and price) are all a step-up in quality from a normal Mexican joint, yet it is still approachable. Yeah, you might feel a little out of place in a raggy t-shirt and jeans that a mom-n-pop joint would gladly welcome, but it is not overly stylish and cold, it just has a bit of modern flare. I have been to this place about a dozen times and have been satisfied each time. However, it should be noted that about a third of those times I have ordered the sea bass tacos, so menu diversification is not a strong point. But let that be a merit on the side of those lovely tacos that are just oh so hard to say no to. I am a sucker for fish tacos and have tried many. Being a connoisseur, it should be taken with some weight that I throw my vote for these tasty, over-loaded tortillas as the best fish tacos in the Valley. They are brimming with different flavors and a touch of spice. Do up the sea bass tacos and your good belly will thank you!
5	I had a GC for Mundo for at least a year before going to try it out. We finally got around to it for my husband's birthday a few weeks ago.I wasn't crazy about the location, but it is a short walk from the Smith Center.We were seated right away. While we were looking over the menus, I mentioned to my husband that I was going to order a glass of wine. And, our server (I think his name was Jose) brought it over immediately without me even asking, which really impressed me. Do not fill up on the homemade tortilla chips and salsa they bring you because the food was pretty awesome. I had the cilantro lime sea bass which was excellent, and my husband had the carnitas. He said they were sweeter than what he was expecting, but also delicious. The rock star of the meal was the Mexican street corn we split. It was to die for, and I have been thinking about it ever since. SO GOOD!!!We ordered dessert. I had the flan and my husband had the chocolate tres leches cake. Both were just OK.I think we spent around $100 bucks including the tip. Based on this experience at Mundo, I have added it to my top 5 restaurants in Vegas. Great food, and even better service. I already have plans to go back!!
4	It's on the pricey end for good Mexican food but go for happy hour!  You do have to be sitting at the bar in order to get the happy hour prices.  Free chips and salsa.
5	I came here with some friends for some early dinner but we were unaware that the kitchen didn't open until 5pm (It was 4). We sat at the bar, had loads of awesome drinks, and the bartender made sure we had chips and salsa the entire time. Once it came around to ordering food, it came out pretty fast considering the restaurant was pretty packed by the time the kitchen opened. I had the scallops, and they were AMAZING. Best part of the night, our bartender gave us an employee discount, making our bill about 50% percent off. Of course, we left the a hefty tip since she put up with us for a couple of hours!
2	Make res first.  Went on Saturday at 5:30 and they wouldn't seat us.  There were at least 10 tables open, but said they had lots of reservations later that night.  Buzzkill.  We went old school to El Sombrero on Main and Utah instead.  Been there since 1946 and the have the best chile Colorado and Chile verde you could ask for.
1	Went there for a birthday dinner.  Three of us, two cocktail orders, and one of those was forgotten and had to track the waiter down in the middle of the restaurant 20 minutes later to get it.  Nice glassware for 'tinis, no special glasses for Ritas. Chilean Sea Bass was okay.  Served wrapped in parchment paper, everything from the bass to the potatoes to the tomatoes had exactly the same texture.  The chicken tortilla soup appeared to be beef bullion based instead of tomato based.  Guacamole left quite a bit to be desired as there was a big void in the seasoning.  All in all, will NOT return, nor would I recommend the dinner to anyone.
4	The food is great and portions can be very large. I ordered the skirt steak (looked to be about a 12 oz portion) with pretty much a whole avodcado on top and came with a side. Delicious but a bit much before a show at the Smith Center where I am not going to bring a doggy bag in with me. My friend had the Mahi Mahi also a good portion that came with chorizo rice and a decent size arugala salad (no side came with this one). In the past, I have had the pork tenderloin and it was fantastic. I would order all three of these dishes again.
4	Some of the best food I've ever had. Top 10 of all time. If we refinance our home and can afford to eat there again, we will.  Expect to spend $100 for two with a couple margaritas. That's a lot for a few enchilada.
1	This review only indicates the lack of customer service associated w/ a recent dinner we were suppose to have. Reservations were made to celebrate my bday & I called 3hrs prior to confirm the reservation. The hostess confirmed the reservation but about an hr before our reservation I received a vm that the restaurant was closed for dinner & they could not accommodate our party. I called them back & the hostess confirmed that they had a special event & only the bar would be open tonight for chips & cocktails. Really??? Why accept our reservation & then confirm it the day of. Not a successful way to run a business :( Not a good start to my bday evening!
2	Three friends and I came in for dinner before a show at The Smith Center; I think it's safe to assume the majority of the other patrons were doing the same thing. The show was at 7:30 and we got there just after our 6:00 reservation. Well, two of us got there--the other two were running a bit late but we went ahead and ordered drinks & guacamole. The service was good; they were quite busy and our server let us know we needed to order within the next 5 minutes if we wanted to make our show. We appreciated his letting us know. The ambiance is nice as well, and the location obviously is the biggest plus for show peeps. I had brunch here a few months back and it was reasonably priced and decent--plus I think at the time, we were just happy to find ANYPLACE that could fit us in for brunch before a matinee. There is a dearth of decent restaurants around the Smith Center. This is probably the main reason Mundo does so well; the dinner menu is quite expensive, the cocktails not much better than Strip prices and the food is okay at best, IMO. "Upscale Mexican." Whatever. I think the word "upscale" is just a good reason to charge more.  The chips and salsa are good and the cocktails were fine also. The guacamole was really really spicy-- to the point that two members of our party couldn't even eat it. Really? It's guacamole. It's pretty basic and tasty without you trying to all fancy it up with your extra hot peppers or whatever you put in there. It was also $9 for about a third of a cup.I decided to splurge and ordered the filet mignon chile relleno for $26. Ordered it med rare but was told it is served med well and you don't have an option. I assumed that must mean they were pre-made or something. The presentation was nice and it had potential, but the sauce was so overly spicy that it was hard to taste anything else. The steak itself wasn't that tender or tasty. One of my friends had the grilled calamari, which she really liked. Another had the vegetarian relleno and the other had chicken enchiladas. Both of them felt their food was too spicy as well. Don't get me wrong; I can enjoy good spicy Mexican food. But flavor should come first, not heat factor.  We didn't have time for desert and it did take a little time to figure out the $175 check. He said he couldn't split it, which I understand and should have known better than to even ask. Word of advice: when dining with friends and planning to pay individually, bring enough cash. Having waited tables myself, I remember how difficult and timely it can be to split a check so each person can use his or her credit card, especially when they are busy. This is why they will tell you "no."  It is not to annoy you. I doubt I'll go back. I guess I prefer my Mexican food more old fashioned and budget friendly. And if I want something more fancy, I'd choose Border Grille any day.
4	The ahi tostada app was good. Spiced Ahi entree had really good blend of flavors. Hubby's scallops were delish. Dishes reminded me of Mesa Grill, which is one of my favorite restaurants. Service was friendly and fast. Ambiance was chic and romantic. Location was a little interesting - right in the middle of World Market.  Overall I would go back again... For the filet mignon chile relleno :)
2	I ate here for my friends wedding dinner. So there was a fixed menu. The food was fine. Its basically fancy Mexican food that looks better than it tasted. There were not very many authentic flavors in the authentic dishes that were listed. Being Mexican I can be very picky about my food. However my favorite dish was the guacamole appetizer we had.  I gave this restaurant 2 stars because the waiter who was helping my table was rude and overstepped many boundaries. He made a comment about me being white (which I am not) because I was born in the United States. I retorted saying he was racist. He replied with, " You were born here so you are white." I  told him where I was born was none of his business and just because I was born here does not make me white.  This interaction was very off-putting and made me so angry at such a festive occasion.  I left this restaurant with a sour taste in my mouth and quite offended.
5	Some of the most incredible Latin food EVER! And a very nice surprise not to mention beautifully decorated!!!' Of course it is in the World Market Design Center~    Warmly greeted with warm tortilla chips sprinkled with cumin and a slightly spicy roasted salsa~ ordered fresh made guacamole, simply deelish!  I had the brisket red & green enchiladas... OMG, just the BEST! My husband had the Sea Bass  tacos which were also VERY GOOD!    Wonderful service I think we had 4 different service people. Can't wait to go back at night as decorations in this restaurant should be spectacular
5	Best Margarita I've had since Z'Tejas closed! Excellent food! Exceptional Service. Elegant ambiance. Highly recommend.
5	Love the cool hip vibe.  We have been here a dozen times or so and every meal has been great. Not really expensive at all for what you get! Great tastes and nice portions. I always leave with a doggy bag. They go out of their way to be nice here.  Very nice decor and food presentations. Quality!!!  Lots of people eating here who make Las Vegas a cool town, celebrity hang out without any pretense. On a one to 10 this true Mexican restaurant is a 10.
3	Very chic atmosphere, but the food was just okay.  Their Yelp offer was stupid - a free high five which the waiter explained was an actual high five.  Really?!  I wouldn't go back.
5	I order something different every time I go. I am never disappointed, the service is great, the food is phenomenal and the prices are not horrible. I love their street corn, and the enchiladas are flavorful and spicy. I recommend making reservations when you plan on going to the Smith Center before or after because it does get busy and who wants to wait. I can't wait to go again :)
4	Mundo is a very good choice for pre-theater Smith Center dining.  The staff is used to accommodating Smith Center patrons, and they work to get you served and out on time.On our most recent visit, we started with the guacamole.  It's very flavorful, and  a nice size portion for 2 or 3 people to share.  For entrees, we had the carnitas and the pork tenderloin.  Both were very good.  Portions here are healthy.  Be careful not to eat too many chips and salsa!
5	Best ahi I've ever had!! Classy atmosphere and great service! The food is amazing. Not too expensive for the quality either. Very impressed! It's a definite must have when in Vegas. #foodporn for sure!
4	This place is amazing!!! Love dine in at the bar area, cocktails and food are delicious, tuna tostada is a must!!!!
2	I ordered the special which was a blackened ribeye which was way overcooked! I ordered medium rare and it was served medium well. Waiter never came back to check on us so I could get another one. I liked how it was blackened but way too done! The others in my party liked their dishes but I tasted theirs and they were just ok. Overpriced! I ordered the special because nothing on the menu sounded that great. chicken enchiladas were served in a bowl. (?) Sticking with Lindo or Don Juans.
3	This place is not traditional Mexican food at all, all their item are so Americanized. The food isn't bad but its not authentic. The prices are decent for what it is, the location is bad but at least the staff is friendly and courteous. I would go back but only if it was to go to the bar, other than that your not missing much.
3	We called to make reservations. We left a message but no one returned our call. We arrived to many empty tables and were told if we wanted to dine we could be seated at the bar. As first time customers interested to dine at this restaurant, we decided to eat at the bar. We discovered immediately the staff was not friendly, especially the deep voiced bartender. Not important if a tourist, but critical to a local who appreciates fine restaurants and has the money to spend.  We understood before we arrived that this restaurant was not a Mexican restaurant but Latin fusion food. We enjoyed our  enchiladas, but the margaritas were nothing special (too much ice and small glass for the price). Nonetheless, an above average establishment should not merely rely upon a good chef to gain repeat customers but hire friendly staff to connect with customers so they become repeat customers. As locals who appreciate fine dining, we will not return.
3	The atmosphere is great and the food is alright (my dish was too spicy), but it is pretty darn pricey for the overall quality. I'd rather go to a fancier restaurant for those prices. The service was a little slow but nothing to complain about. I don't think we'll be going back because the prices don't match the food and happy hour is only for those at the bar boo!
5	I don't even know where to begin with the good things I have to say about this place. Let's start with the most important thing-the food....Uh-mazing! I have ate here quiet a few times and have tried most of the of menu and I am NEVER disappointed EVER! Every single item is cooked perfectly, fresh, and loaded with flavor. Just perfection. The Sea Bass is one of my all time favorites, it comes out like a present, and boy is it a treat. The queso and street corn is unlike anything I have ever had. Just Heavenly. (My mouth is watering and my stomach is growling as I am typing this.....) the decor is a dream, everything down to the menus are sheik and beautiful! Everyone on the staff is always so helpful, friendly, and fun. Mundo really is a hidden gem.
5	My husband & I have been loyal customers of Mundo since they were La Madonna off of Fort Apache. The cheese risotto is to die for!! The pollo rostisado with the tamarind glaze is another favorite. Our absolute favorite waiter is Jose. He's very attentive even when swamped with a large group. His busboy is also very attentive. If I could eat avant guard Mexican food every day it would definitely be Mundo.
1	After reading the reviews I was excited to try Mundo. It was a monumental disappointment! I took my wife on Saturday and we were waiting at the hostess stand for almost 10 minutes before anyone acknowledged us. Then, after being seated, my wife asked for a salad that had pomegranate and they said they were out of pomegranates. We tried to
2	I have never written a Yelp review before, but our  meal at Mundo's was so confusing and talked about for hours afterwards, so I felt I should start. We went out of our way as the vegetarian selection looked very good and I like to support non-casino restaurants.The crooner that night was extremely loud. So loud that we simply just stopped trying to talk to each other and stared blankly for the entire meal. I can't believe that this would ever attract people to come to the restaurant, but it certainly makes me not ever want to go back. We figured the food would be excellent, but we were very wrong. The red and green enchiladas was best described as a big bowl of cheese. I ordered the pork tenderloin. For $28, I got four pieces of meat and a basket of fries. The meat was OK, but I guess I was expecting more for $28 at a non-strip restaurant. Jose the waiter was very good, so he earns the extra star.
4	I would give this joint 5 stars if I didn't get a stomach flu after eating here. BUT, this could have completely been my fault. I enjoyed most everything I ate here.My fiance and I shared the calamari appetizer. we tried our friends grilled calamari appetizer and I actually prefer that texture and taste better than the fried.We then shared a diablo shrimp platter that was packed full of flavor and is definitely on the spicy tip, but not too too spicy where you can no longer taste the flavors. It was perfect and actually enough to split into 2 entrees (if you tell them you are sharing, the y will split the entree for you).The table then shared the churros, which were really good! Warm, and with ice cream; yum!We also shared the street corn; this was bomb.com/amazing!The ambiance here is quite inviting. They had a live performer singing beautiful melodies that I didnt' realize was a real person until I turned around to look at him. This is a great place for date night, or a nice family dinner or dinner with close friends. It provides an intimate setting, and great food!
5	Very out of the way and hard to find (walk DEEP into the parking lot), but delicious food and good drinks.  The skirt steak skewers were fantastic.
3	was about a year ago, went here for breakfastfriends stuck with basic bacon and eggs choice, so really can't judge place on thatI don't recall exactly what I had, I know it was a pork dish with a corn cake and egg, maybe a modern take on huervos rancheros?in any case, we haven't been back, not that it wasn't good, it's just kind of out of the way of our normal travels. I am not sure if they still do breakfast either, but if I am in area, will give them a shot for lunch
4	What a great find! I would never have expected to find such a great restaurant tucked inside the World Market Center! I went for dinner last week, and passed it the first time I drove by since I didn't realize where it was. And because it was at night, and most of the business at the World Market Center had ended already, the restaurant was pretty empty.  There may have been another party or two present, but I barely even noticed.  There was one server serving us all night, and he was fun, although slightly (or more than slightly) off.  That didn't make for a bad experience, but just some confusing moments.Our table started off with chips & salsa, guac, and margaritas.  One of the women at my table wasn't drinking, so our server asked if she wanted to the bartender to make a non-alcoholic cocktail, which was sweet.  So she went with that.  Considering that it would probably have been an $8 drink, if she were charged for it, I think she would have been happier with just a soda or lemonade instead.  But there were great intentions there.For dinner, I was considering a few different items off the menu, until the daily special was read off. BONE-IN RIBEYE. At that point, there was no question about what I was going to order.  I just had to choose my side. In fact, 3 of the 5 of us ordered the Ribeye! So for a side, I was debating between the sweet corn tamale and mexican style street corn.  I should have gone with my gut since I've wanted a sweet corn tamale since the last time I saw it on a menu about 4 years ago.  But since someone already ordered the sweet corn tamale, our server convinced me to get the mexican style street corn.  It wasn't bad, but it was richer than my palette prefers. I had a bite of the sweet corn tamale and it was exactly what would have satisfied my longing. But let's rewind to the actual entree! I'll just have to say that my medium rare prepared bone-in ribeye was perfect!  It's a larger portion than I could have finished in one sitting, but because it was perfect in so many ways, I really just wanted to sit there all night nibbling on it.  Perfectly cooked. Perfectly seasoned.  I ended up taking half back home, and even as a reheated left over, it was still DELICIOUS!   I'll be dreaming about that rib-eye for a while now....
5	The chilean sea bass and sarape de pollo are mexcellent.
5	This restaurant is great!  We went out to celebrate a wedding in the family and were pointed in the direction of Mundo.  The chips and salsa were great.  Excellent sides.  We got the corn, the spinach, and the risotto and they were all really tasty.  I ordered the Shrimp diavolo and it was amazing, spicy, but amazing.  I would recommend Mundo for any occasion and it is another example of the way that downtown Las Vegas is slowly being upgraded into the nice/ hip part of town.  Great place!
4	You can forgive a lot when food is this tasty, and Mundo doesn't need much forgiving but it does need some. Self-identifying as "chic" for starters. I don't even know what "chic" is, but it sure doesn't enhance the restaurant's allure and actually makes it seem silly and precious. Maybe "chic" is how you get away with charging twenty four dollars for carnitas tacos and twenty six for shrimp tamales. Those are Topolobampo prices, and Mundo is very good but Mundo is no Topolobampo. It's hard to fuss when you taste the food, though, and the food was delicious from jump street. I never thought I would utter the words "best chips and salsa of all time," but there you go. They arrive at your table swiftly upon being seated, a generous plate of chips dusted with a dark chili powder of some kind. It was subtle but gave the chips a lovely warmth and depth that perfectly accompanied the complexly flavored salsa. I detected smoke, sweetness, tartness, and a just a bit of heat in the salsa--it was remarkable, a true marvel of salsa engineering. Swoon-inducing. I wanted to rise and slow-clap to a Snow Patrol song.  The idea being to share everything, we ordered the ahi tuna tostada for starters, the carnitas with a side of sauteed spinach for the entree and a side of their "risotto." Alas, they were out of carnitas! Visibly crushed and deflated, we went with the skirt steak instead. Perhaps because of my histrionics, or perhaps because my dining companion had mentioned that she wanted to say hi to her friend George, the owner, or perhaps she's just that thoughtful--our waitress came back a few minutes later saying the kitchen had *just* enough carnitas left for one taco and brought it to us gratis. And oh, such carnitas. As with the salsa, itsflavor profile is astonishing; assertive but layered. First you get smoke from a grill, then comes a combination of sweetness and a bit of kick, with a long lingering finish. The meat is succulent and perfectly balanced. Slow-clap number two for the bonus carnitas taco. At this point Mundo could have slept with my best friend and I'd still take her back.  Not much to say about the tostada, however, which was a tad one-note. The tortilla was dense and the "sushi grade" tuna was rather of the all-you-can-eat variety--heavy and even chewy. There was a nice bit of heat at the end, but it was sort of too-little too-late. Not a terrible dish, but the weakest of the meal. The skirt steak re-confirmed what the salsa and carnitas had promised. It was grilled to a perfect medium-rare as requested, and sliced against the grain at a severe angle which shows the chef knows whats up. Most impressive of all was the rub, a crusty black bark of infinite spice. Entire worlds of dark, tragically beautiful flavor are packed into that crust. That crust is like the black obelisk in 2001: A Space Odyssey, containing all of humanity's dread and limitless potential at once. It was the single greatest taste experience of the meal. My only gripe with the steak is that they make a fuss about using "wagyu." Anyone can buy skirt steak for about seven bucks a pop and achieve the same level of juicy tenderness. Skirt steak is a heroic cut that aims to please. One doesn't need "wagyu," which promises greater levels of tenderness and fat, because skirt steak is already perfectly tender and no one could detect the marbling underneath all those enormous flavors in the rub and the chimichurri and "marinated avocados" (?). This was Mundo being chic, I fear, using the word "wagyu" as a way to charge penthouse prices for a street-level cut. We were excited to have the "risotto" along with the steak, but some wires got crossed and it didn't come. I mentioned to our lovely server how excited I was to try the risotto and it arrived a few minutes later in what looked like a small soup bowl. At that point the meal was almost finished, and while the risotto did harmonize nicely with the steak it was just too heavy to get through. The flavors were splendid, once again, but the dish needs to be dialed way down. It's overkill; the texture is heavy and the flavors don't sing they scream. Because it was neglected, our waitress said the dish was "on her." Another nice move on her part. The location of this restaurant, at the base of a building the size of a small planet, is an atrocity of convenience. I've lived downtown for two years and this was my first visit. And the "chic" factor can seriously grate, as certain flourishes (like "wagyu") are unnecessary and distracting, and costly. But Mundo packs some of the most exciting flavors I've come across in a good while, enough so that I'll likely suck it up and pay the inflated prices because it's a party in your mouth, people, and no one's calling the cops.
2	More pleasing to the eyes then taste buds.  The $9 ice cream scoop of guacamole was very tasty and the margarita was delicious...the filet mignon chile relleno  was probably the worst thing I have ever tasted...for real, and the chiliean sea bass was okay enough ..kinda fishy though.  So beautiful surroundings and good service but expensive and unpleasant tasting food.... Sorry I really wanted to like this restaurant.  I have never written a review before....that's how bad the filet mignon chile relleno was...tasted like they poured some Tommy Rockers chile on it.
3	Amazing food but terrible service! Came in for a birthday party and waiter got our orders super slow and couldn't seem to separate the check. Weren't apologetic at all or friendly during service. I suggest getting your meal from the bar when you come in.
5	This place is so yummy and the decor is so nice! I wish they just lowered the prices a little bit:( but our sever Erick was amazing with us my husband and I and the hostess was very nice and answered all of our questions, come here for good food and awesome drinks I recommend this place! :)
5	Being from Arizona I've been hard pressed to find a Mexican food restaurant that holds up. Mundo is the first place I've been in Vegas (only been here for 3 years and certainly open to suggestions) that really stacks up to the authentic Sonoran Mexican food served just one state to our south. Strong work Mundo, keep it up. Also, the Margaritas are pretty darn tasty
4	Excellent service -  attentive staff.  Sea Scallops were awesome paired with the Mundo Margarita.  I was with a party of 6 and all very happy!
1	Whatever you do. Don't get drunk and have fun here. ERIC MARTINEZ the general manager won't tolerate your 200+ tab no matter how much fun you have. I used to come here and have wine and snacks. Apparently getting a little to loud and having fun is frowned upon here. If you want to be quiet and kick it with old ass people. Come on down. This is the perfect place for old cranky people to hang.
5	Great food!
4	Great place for lunch dinner or large parties. Leonardo is one coolest bartenders lunch is the best to see him. Great service and very knowledgable.  Even better wine list can't even compare the prices to restaurants on the strip. The food is......well lets just say it's always good never had a bad meal there. The chicken enchilada, tuna tostada, and bone in ribeye are my favorites.
5	Incredible pork tender loin with mango salsa. Just amazing. Mouth watering. I'm hungry again just thinking about it. Definitely order it. The steaks are also very delicious and cooked perfectly. This place is almost impossible to find, but worth the search! You will have a great meal, strong drinks, and fabulous service. It's also very beautiful, inside, upscale, but still pretty chill and laid back. Great overall vibe. I love this place!
5	Beautiful restaurant, great food, and a unique quality. If I could afford to eat here everyday, and if it was closer, I would for sure!!!!
5	Perfection! Outstanding, never would I have ever imagined this ethnic food could be so sophisticated. Best restaurant I've dined in, in Las Vegas.
5	Every once in a while there's a blurp in service, but I've never gone to Mundo and not had an absolutely delicious meal.  I don't know why everyone is giving 1-2 stars without even mentioning the food.  Dollar for dollar one of the best restaurants in Vegas and it's a travesty that more people don't go here.  They really need to change locations though because there's literally 0 walk-in traffic in the off season.The wagyu beef skewers, mexican street corn, and the pork tenderloin is pretty much my perfect meal.
1	Tonight my sisters and I walked into Mundo to grab a quick drink before going to a concert across the street . As we walked in the hostess' both were extremely rude and seemed annoyed with our presence . They blankly asked us whether or not we had a reservation and barely gave us time to say no we just wanted drinks, before saying we were not allowed in because the bar was "too full." While looking at the bar we noticed it was busy, but not busy enough to turn away 3 women who only wanted to grab a quick drink and did not mind standing. All of us being locals and in the hospitality industry are extremely upset with how the staff handled the situation and from now on will not consider or refer anyone to this restaurant.
4	I wrote this review about our visit in September 2014 and just recently posted it, I can't comment as to what changes have since been made:Tried MUNDO  for the first time last night. We brought our 2.5 year old out for a nice family dinner, which I must admit I was nervous about after reading other guest reviews. We had no problem taking him with us, the staff were welcoming enough. There were even a couple of other families with kids of varying ages, which raised the comfort level at 8pm on a Saturday evening. The restaurant is beautifully decorated, romantic, etc...we enjoyed the atmosphere while ordering some fresh guacamole to go with the complimentary chips and salsa and my Cadillac margarita. The margarita was delicious, the guacamole was good but nothing out of this world. The salsa was also okay by my review, my date really enjoyed the salsa, I prefer char in my salsa, so it's just a matter of difference of tastesFor dinner, I went with the vegetarian tamale and a side of wild mushrooms. My date went with the chicken enchilada with side of fries (kid friendly). I'm not a vegetarian, but this dish just sounded good for my tastes that eveining and also think if a restaurant can serve up a really tasty vegetarian dish, they can pack some flavor. I didn't notice a kids menu, so we decided to share our dishes and our son liked the chicken enchilada, the fries were a big hit, and I even got some of my veggies in , which meant we would be ordering a dessert (we usually skip dessert) 8)I really enjoyed the tamale, everything was flavorful and spicy, but not overly spiced. Good sauce, vegetables were cooked properly and the filling was a good level of sweetness to balance. Also, with the chips, guacamole, sides, etc, there's no way I could eat the whole thing, so most went home for lunch the next day, bonus! And, like I mentioned, even got the 2.5 year old to try a few bites. Wild mushrooms were satisfying. I tried a bite of the enchilada and though the chicken was maybe on the dryer side, the favors were very good and my partner finished it all with the help of out son. The fries are a mix of potatoes and sweet potatoes-  they didn't stand a chance against our son, he loved those! We tried them, they were yummy.Last part of the evening were the churros. They come with a chocolate dipping sauce. I wasn't blown away, but they were a good sweet ending. We will go again, probably just the 2 of us for date night next time.
3	Mundo is a  nicely decorated space, modern and chic. The lights are dimmed for dinner which highlights the beautiful ceiling lamps and wall art. We were a party of 2 with reservations. We were seated immediately at a table that seats 4. The larger table is always appreciated. Complementary chips and salsa arrived immediately. We were ready to order cocktails but no waiter approached our table. After several minutes I asked the hostess if we had a waiter. I was told the wait staff was backed up and a bus boy offered to take our drink order. A few minutes later our waiter arrived to take our order. I advised him the order was placed and he offered to follow up. The waiter was friendly and helpful. The Mundo Margarita's were excellent.Once the food order was placed the waiter checked on us periodically. It was a very long wait for the food to come out. Our waiter said the wait was because the pork chop was ordered well done.The pork chop was huge, enough for two and prepared as ordered. The Shrimp Diablo was spicy as described in the menu and delicious. The shrimps were served over a mix of rice and corn, very tasty.The restaurant was not full but the bar packed. The bar and restaurant share the same large space. With the bar being packed the noise level was high. The main contributor was 3 people that were overly loud. Since the Smith center had several events this evening I believe the restaurant should have staffed the room and kitchen accordingly. Improved service would add an additional star to my rating.
5	The food is amazing and the atmosphere is relaxed and refined. The shrimp tamale and scallops are really good but you can't go wrong with most things on the menu.
5	First time here and I came during happy hour after shopping at world market. The food is upscale Mexican with a very hip and pretty atmosphere.  The happy hour menu is great plus a free margarita from a yelp check in is nice. By the way their classic margarita is reeeeeally good.  I'm picky about my margaritas but their house made mix is balanced very well and makes you want another. Food.  My boyfriend and I ordered the steak skewers with chimichurri sauce and it came with an avocado salsa and a salad that was deliciously peppery with the steak and had green apples in it. The steak was very tender. I recommend this dish it's all around packed with flavor. We also had the chicken taquitos. Very good.The sashimi grade ahi tostada with fresh herbs. Amazing! Cut up in wedges, great for sharing. Great happy hour! I can't wait to try the dinner menu! I will be back :)
2	The best aspect of Mundo is that it is inexpensive. You never need to leave a gratuity because the service is always terrible. The food is delicious, fresh, and well prepared. However, after the server takes your order you won't see them again until you ask the busser for the check. Then, the server drops it in front of you and doesn't say a word. I would like to say that this is a one-time occurrence, however, after three visits, we cannot be wrong. I wish they had take-out.
5	We went to the Saturday matinee of "The Tempest" today at the Smith Center with some friends, who suggested Mundo for an early dinner.  Good thing we were early, since we didn't have reservations, and they were able to accommodate the five of us.  This is the go-to restaurant for one of the friends, an interior designer, but it was a first time for Herb G. and me.  And I was blown away.I enjoyed my Alien Margarita while looking at the menu, a Yelp check-in freebie, and munched on good chips and our two orders of tasty, but bland guacamole.We all ordered something different, and I settled on the Pork Tenderloin, which had a tamarind ancho chile glaze, and was one of the few items that came with a side.  I got the Street Corn.  The pork was a beautiful presentation - four small but thick rounds of meat that were cooked to perfection.  I think it's the best pork tenderloin I've ever had, stupendously succulent and delicious. The street corn was a surprise:  I was expecting a roasted corn on the cob;  happily, the chef did the dirty work and I enjoyed a large serving of corn mixed with chile de arbol and cotija cheese that had a citrus-y tang.  Very rich. I shared it with Herb and still have half a portion to enjoy tomorrow, along with half of my pork dish.  Herb's Filet Mignon Chile Relleno was also deliciousService was excellent, and I loved the modern ambience enhanced with lighting that was traditionally Mexican.  While this upscale restaurant is a little higher-end than the kind of joints we usually go to, I look forward to our next visit.
5	A local friend took us to Mundo and I will now absolutely return when ever I'm in Las Vegas.  It was wonderful.  I'm surprised it has limited hours, weekdays only.   I agree that the margaritas are really good.  All three dishes ordered by our party were excellent.
4	I love Mexican food and I love Mundo! They take this south-of-the-border cuisine to a whole-nutha-level with their upscale twist.  Once you enter and take in the decadent decor you know you've arrived somewhere special.  I usually opt to sit at the bar so I can have personal time with the mixologists, because my friends call me "special" when I order my favorite libation and not in the good way...you know who you are.  I just like custom tequila concoctions and I'm never disappointed here. The list of their specialty drinks is awesome and it you're a true tequila drinker over time, like many visits, you should try them all. All made with premium tequilas and fresh fruit juices.  Mundo also owns their very own brand, Alien Tequila.I think two of the best times to go is during happy hour or before your show at the Smith Center.  An absolute favorite menu item is the Ahi Tuna tar tar on a crispy tostada, drizzled with an outer worldly chili oil.  Excellent!   A must have is for those that like it hot is the camorones diablo as it brings the heat and so much flavor!  And, can't forget the scallops as they are seasoned then seared to perfection every time placed atop of cilantro rice.  A great happy hour item to try is the vegetable quesadilla, packed full of seasoned sauteed vegetables and gooey cheese, yum.  Great place to meet and greet as the location is adjacent to the World Market Center which always has something going on.
3	Food is amazing! I eat here often but why the hell do they close at 9pm on a Saturday night..that's usually rush hour at most restaurants..a little over a year ago i tried to bring my best friend here for dinner the night before he had to leave for his deployment to Afghanistan with the Army..we showed up over an hour before closing (at7 and closed at 8) and the hostess said they were closed..kinda pissed me off after how many friends I've told to come here..we were about to go tonight but didn't realize they closed that early. I'll definitely still come back ..but if u decide to eat here jus make sure u show up early if u want a guaranteed dinner there but what do you expect with a location like that..I imagine their main concern is to cater to the guests if World Market Center
5	This place is amazing!! Went there last week for first time and I was very impressed because Mexican food is not a fave.The decor is very modern classic and location is great. Pricey but food was delicious, love the signature Mundo drink and you have to try the corn!!Thanks Mingo!!
5	The happy hour menu is superb. Moderately priced, and beyond delicious appetizers. The sangria is sweet and packed with fresh fruit. The bartenders were attentive, friendly, and funny. I can't wait to eat here again.
5	Everything about this place is amazing!! Go and experience the place, food, people and drinks!!
5	Everything at this restaurant is absolutely PERFECT! Eating here is a must every time we come to Las Vegas. We've had the chile relleno, fillet mignon, tamal, enchiladas, salads, churros, and drinks. The staff is really friendly and we just LOVE the live music that really sets the mood for a nice romantic dinner. This is a must try restaurant!
4	Mundo is a nice restaurant with good food and a good vibe. Last night my husband and I had the queso flameado first. It was yummy; he ate his with soft tortillas and I decided to dip the chips in the cheesy goodness instead. I ordered the shrimp diablo. The plate was bigger than I thought, but tasty. Last, we had to get a side of the Mexican street corn, which did not disappoint.
1	Terrible,  we called to make a reservation and were put on hold after waiting for 5 minutes we hung up and called back.  This time we went to the voicemail which directed us to leave our name and number for  a reservation,  which we did. We left name (spelled out and number) as well as the time we wanted. We never received a call back but shouted for
4	Went to Mundo for lunch on a weekday. Very busy, a lot of business people and elected officials and other dignitaries were there. Seems like a local hotspot being near the county offices.  We ordered the Chilean Seabass tacos, and the skirt steak salad.  Both were delicious, well cooked, and perfectly seasoned.  Service was prompt, our waiter was knowledgeable, and the price was great.
3	Just ate here tonight.  Had the guacamole - decent.....crispy calamari - very good........chicken with a sweet chile sauce - very good. Wife had the filt mignon chile relleno - good, but the sauce seemed to be somewhat bland.  Finished with the flan which is among the best we have ever had.Overall good, however a bit pricey, so expect to spend about $50+ (includes tip) per person.
4	I've been to Mundo twice now, and highly recommend it.  It is a bit pricey, but well worth it.  The service this time was not great, but the food was fantastic.  I had the sea bass, which was amazing.  It came with vegetables and was quite spicy, which I like.  When it arrived it was still wrapped in the paper pouch in which it was cooked, so that was a bit of a mess.  I get it...  It keeps it warm and tastes very fresh when you open it yourself.  But then I had this big piece of soggy parchment on my plate.  I had to ask a waiter to take it away.  Otherwise, the flavor and texture were superb.  Despite the messiness, it's a dish well worth ordering.
1	Upon arrival we were greeted by a very friendly hostess and told we would be sat right away. As we were waiting another couple came in and asked if there was availability for 2 people. It was 5:45pm on Thursday June 19th. The hostess told them without a reservation, there was nothing she could do. Having spent 20+ years in the restaurant business, I could not believe my ears. First of all, there were 4 open tables (at least) and spots at the bar that she could have directed them towards or at the very least explained that the tables that were open were being held for other reservations, but that they were welcome to wait to see if the parties showed up. Instead they were just told no, and turned away. As an owner, I would have fired my manager at the very least over something like this, but as I have come to learn through speaking with prominent government officials and judges that know the owner personally and have frequented this restaurant in the past, he simply does not care how inept his staff is or how his restaurant is run. In addition I should expect him to reply to this complaint on YELP by him denying this ever happened or finding excuses for it as opposed to apologizing for a horrible experience. If you don't believe me, go look at every one or two star review of this place and you will see a common theme, he responds and blasts the reviewer as being non-truthful, a competitor or a miserable person. I suppose every person that has left a bad review is a liar and yet we all have the same complaints. Weird how that works, it must be one hell of a conspiracy.Now, you may be asking yourself, how could this be? This restaurant survives because of its location and the lack of this type of cuisine in the immediate area. It is supported during the day by The World Market Center and at night by The Smith Center and unassuming tourists that do not know any better. Onto my meal. After being sat for nearly 10 minutes, we were finally approached by our server (that barely spoke English) and asked if we would like a drink. After our drinks were delivered and our order was finally taken, this would be the last time we would be visited by our server until our plates were cleared by the busboy and our server dropped the check without asking if we would like desert or anything else for that matter. We sat there for a minute dumbfounded by our experience and since we had another 15 minutes to kill before needing to leave to see our show, we asked the busboy for another drink. I could literally write 10 pages on all the things wrong with the service in this restaurant but you should have a general feel for what to expect when dining in this establishment. As we were leaving the restaurant, I stopped at the hostess desk to ask if there was a manager on duty and was informed that it was actually one of the servers acting as the manager and he was in back, busy at the moment. This was extremely fitting and explained at least in part why this restaurant is run so poorly. Obviously the owner is more concerned with operating expenses like having enough servers on the floor to handle the number of tables in the restaurant and paying for a manager on duty to handle customer problems like the ones I have explained here.I will spread the word through my social media pages to avoid this place at all costs.
1	This review is not for the food.We recently stopped in for drinks at the bar. It was our first visit to this restaurant. While seated at the bar, the manager or owner (not sure which) decided to discipline an employee in front of all of the customers seated at the bar.In all my years, I have NEVER witnessed someone talk to another human being the way that man talked to his employee. I wanted to cry. It was terrible and I knew right then and there that we had to leave the restaurant. I seriously had nightmares about this place after I left.  Never again.
4	This is a GO TO if you're looking for a happy hour spot to get down on some quality, super tasty grub and wash it down with some actual affordable brews! There are a grip of beers for $3 and even more options at $4. We had five or six different appetizers that were offered on the HH menu and were not let down by a single one. The ambient mood that is there is so nice and easing. You really feel like you can relax there. The music is the perfect volume and they play some really nice tranquil tunes. The decorations are very nice and the lighting is nice and dim too. Not too low like a drug den but just low enough so you can see everyone and everything but don't feel like you're in a cafeteria or operating room.
4	I have to agree with others that while the food is fantastic, the service is horrible.  We made a 5:45 reservations last Saturday before a 7:30 show at the Smith Center.  When we arrived we saw a table that was likely ours (party of 6) that looked ready yet we weren't seated for another 15 minutes.  It then took about 20 minutes for anyone to acknowledge us.  It was very busy, which we understood, but we also made it very clear that we were going to a show at the Smith Center and needed to get served and be out by 7.  I even explained this when making the reservation and I was assured that a 5:45 reservation would "leave plenty of time" to eat and get to the show.  Maybe they should consider increasing their staff to serve before Smith Center events since they are the closest restaurant to the venue.  We understand they are busy before shows  but they have to know that anyone who dines at 5:30 pm on a Saturday probably has plans to head to a show and they should do everything in their power to get them served in a timely fashion.  By 7:15 the place was completely cleared out, leaving only our table in the entire restaurant.  We basically had to tackle the lady to get our check and get over there and in the end we made it with just minutes to spare.Also, just an FYI and something that I didn't see mentioned here--they offer a free Alien Margarita with a Yelp check in, but they only allow one per table.  We had three couples and it was only after we checked in that they mentioned that.  No biggie, coupons usually say that they only allow one per table and we were getting wine anyway, but I figured I'd mention it since I don't see it mentioned anywhere else.
3	While the food is outstanding, the service needs some serious work!  After taking our orders and receiving our drinks we did not see our waitress until my wife flagged her down (at least 30 minutes later).  We probably would have ordered more drinks, dessert and coffee, but our waitress was covering too many tables and seemed to forget about us!  At a minimum the wait staff should check on you after receiving apps, mains, and offer dessert or coffee.  We did not even receive the basic level of service expected at a restaurant that pretends to be upscale.  Mundo - please train your wait staff to meet the level of excellence coming from your kitchen, your chef deserves better!
5	Great atmosphere, decor and service. Fantastic sea bass and wagyu skirt steak, both cooked perfectly.
5	Went last night with some friends and had an amazing time.  Wait staff was helpful and very friendly.  Three ordered the sea bass and said it was amazing.  The scallops were divine!  However, the Mexican street corn (off the cob) was the best I've ever had, UNBELIEVABLE!!  Can't wait to visit again!
5	We had a fantastic first experience at Mundo!Hosts were polite and friendly on the phone when making our reservation. We even called a couple hours before our dinner to ask to move our reservation to an hour later. She was extremely accommodating and made the change. We were promptly seated upon arrival and told that a reality tv show would be filmed near our table later in the evening. She wanted to give us the option of being out of the line of the cameras - no way!  This will be fun to watch!  Really hip room and we appreciated that the music wasn't so loud that we couldn't carry on a conversation like so many other Vegas restaurants. Our waiter was friendly and attentive. Our drink orders were filled immediately. He made sure we were aware of their evening special. The staff made sure our water glasses were never empty. Our food arrived in a timely manner....and it was outstanding!!!  My husband had the prime filet mignon with the Mexican risotto side. I had the strip steak with the Mexican street corn side. Steaks were lean and seasoned and cooked perfectly. The sides were delicious. We wished we had room for dessert!Definitely give yourself some time to figure out the parking if you've never been to this area before. We ended up parking in the World Market parking garage - the entrance was on the back side of the building next to a loading dock area. Mundo's entrance is in a courtyard between the buildings. We are so happy to add this restaurant to our best of Vegas list!  We look forward to coming back! Thanks Mundo!
5	Great food, great drinks, great service.
5	Went to Mundos' on a Sat night when there were no performances at the Smith Center, so it was easy to get a table. Parking is a bit odd, wondered if I was in the right place, but it is just a short walk if you choose not to take advantage of the valet service.  My friend and were not crazy hungry so we passed on the appetizers but next time I am getting the grilled Calamari. After some recommendations from our waitress, my friend got the Chilean Seabass,  said it was heaven on a plate, perfectly seasoned / steamed and the portion was just right. I decided to go with the Pork Tenderloin with a side Mexican risotto and was not disappointed.  Cooked perfectly, great flavor and portion size but I have to say the risotto was Awesome! I would go back just for that.  Service was excellent, not overwhelming but there when you needed a refill or had questions. My only suggestion and this is being picky...  I wish the chips with the salsa would have been served warm. The prices are fair for the portion size and quality of food.  I will go back for sure!
4	This was a great choice after an hour of outlet shopping in the sun.Very tastefully decorated. Everything we had was delicious, and the service was fantastic.  Sangria was delicious.The only downside, was that it was difficult to find this restaurant (it's not visible from the road)
5	We were looking for a place to eat prior to a show at the Smith Center. We called at 5 to get reservations for 5:30 and were pleasantly surprised when they had room for us. Loved the decor, and the staff was extremely attentive and polite. Our party of 4 shared 2 appetizers--chicken taquitos and a steak quesadilla. Both were fantastic.  I ordered the pork tenderloin with mango salsa and my husband had the wagyu steak; we shared the Mexican street style corn. It was all delicious, cooked perfectly, and nicely presented. I look forward to eating at Mundo's again.
3	I was not impressed at all with this place.  I went with my friend for happy hour.  Its located at the World Market Center and is beautifully decorated.  You're paying mostly for ambiance.   The food and drinks were just ok.  We ordered chicken taquitos, chicken satay, and mundo fries along with some cocktails made with alien tequila.  Not worth mentioning.   If you go to Mundos make sure you go with good company that will make it more interesting since the restaurant itself wont impress.
5	This is a super impressive dinning  experience. The kind of place you could impress a first date, or met a group of friends. The food is phenomenal and the service is superb.
1	High school girls seating patrons badly, waiters bringing plates and bowls long after the food was served (?). Mundo survives for one reason...only restaurant near Smith's theater. If Smith's would so much as start serving hotdogs and nachos, Mundo would close down. Until then Las Vegas will not have a Broadway class theater. Patrons of the Arts demand culinary choices equivalent to the Playbill.
5	One if my fav Mexican spots. It's nicer/trendy with good atmosphere. Loved everything I've tried so far :) not what you expect, pleasant surprise
3	This is such a cute restaurant, it's a shame it's tucked away in the World Market Center and kinda empty.  I'm a sucker for cute decor, and Mundo definitely is a great restaurant for a date night. Fun lantern lighting and romantic velvet sofa seats really set the mood :) I came here on a Th evening with my colleagues to celebrate a hard week's work. Mundo's "Happy Hour" is on the pricier side, and is only available at the bar. But the food is overall tasty and high quality. The bar area is cute and cozy and they had a very competent bartender. It's just sad that there aren't lots of people here. There's also only 1 small flatscreen at the bar, so it's hard to catch the game, and it's not really a place for groups. Intimate and low key. +Steak Tacos ($9 during happy hour for 3 tacos, yummy, but still $$)+Guac ($6, fresh but bland)+(virgin) Margarita ($4, super yums)+Sangria ($5 during happy hour...looked yums!)
4	Mundo margarita -Best margarita ever! Guacamole was delicious. Loved the filet mignon chili rellano. The service was excellent. Well worth the drive from Mandalay Bay.
4	Great mexican food!  Go with a group for a tapas-like experience. Otherwise, the dishes are pretty large. I normally don't like queso that much but this one was incredible (goat cheese and mushroom). Also, the scallops were amazing. Only about 4 but they are large, get something else if you are hungry.
3	If it weren't for the super slow service, I would give Mundo 4-1/2 stars.  The food is phenomenal but I cannot get past the poor service.  I work across the street so I've been coming here for years.  I always think the next time, the service will be better.  Nope.  I'm shocked they cannot at least get their act together for Smith Center shows. It's bust every Weekend night before the Broadway series but they never seem to be staffed appropriately. I feel bad for the bartender, he probably doesn't get tipped well because everyone is mad by the time they get their check.However, the food really is great!  Best chips and salsa in Las Vegas.  The chimichurri steak salad is amazing.  Perfect seasoning, perfect accompaniments, perfect portion.  The shrimp tacos also will not disappoint.A nice note on the atmosphere as well.  Fun and inviting, upbeat and fun but not too loud.If you have the time to wait for the server, your drinks, your food and then your check, go for it!  The food is definitely worth the wait.
1	SKIP THIS PLACE.  My friend and I have had a season subscription to Broadway shows at the Smith Center since the inaugural season.  We finally decided to try Mundo and boy, did we regret it.  We made a reservation for a quiet table away from traffic and THEY GAVE US THE COMPLETE OPPOSITE even though the restaurant was empty.  NO CAME TO GIVE US WATER OR TAKE OUR ORDER FOR TEN MINUTES, BUT THEY MADE SURE TO DO SO FOR THE PEOPLE WHO CAME IN AFTER US.  THEY ALSO GAVE OUR DESIRED AND REQUESTED  QUIET TABLE TO THOSE PEOPLE.  We asked about happy hour and were told it was only at the bar, which was, of course, completely full.  After perusing the menu, my friend and I made the decision to ditch this place.  Clearly, you are supposed to be paying for the ambience and overall experience which we agreed was not going to be a pleasurable one for us.  We drove over to Casa Don Juan where we were immediately greeted, seated and waited on with great food at a great price.  WE WILL NOT RETURN TO MUNDO.
5	Great food! So much flavor!! Very romantic with a Latin chic feel. Not a good place to bring kiddos so leave them at home.
2	Only two stars based on the 46 minutes wait for the food. Monday at 5pm only 3 tables and two customers at the bar. I went early because I seen this issue mentioned in others reviews. 6 people and it was $280.00 only two drinks were ordered. The rest had water. Nice place if your in the early dating stage. But NOT good for families. My 12 yr old had a $32 pork chop. Ugh! They do clean the plates away like your gonna steal them. Lol very quick and GREAT water refills too. Maybe the bus boys should be cooking? Food was tasty, average portions and not a lot of choices. Two pages for drinks and one for food.
5	excellent service! my sister & I visit mundo often and it's always a pleasant experience :) I gave it five stars because even after we were told the kitchen was closed they took our request of a last minute quesadilla for the kids.
4	After having been to Mundo twice, once for dinner before a play at The Smith Center, and once for a business lunch I've come to the conclusion that this restaurant is exceptionally good my business lunches because it is so close to my work and it is exceptionally good for a dinner prior to a theater performance because it is so close to The Smith Center. Obviously proximity, driving distance, and location are plus, plus, plus for me!Service has been spotty both times I've been here. Waiters are quick at first, but then service drops off after the meal has been served. Particularly at my business lunch we waited so long for the check that we had to send our client on his way before it arrived so he could get back to work. My manager and I waited around for another 10 minutes or so before we were able to flag down a busser to deliver the check.Ambiance is great - dark, dimly lit, and the seating is phenomenal. The overall feel of the restaurant is moody and interesting to see.Food is wavering between a 3 and 4 star rating. Chips (with a dusting of chile) and salsa are provided. Twice I've tried the guac, but I have not been super impressed either times. For lunch I had brisket enchiladas, which may sound amazing - but were sorely disappointing. This was not brisket. Brisket is tenderly cooked meat, juicy and deliciously cared for over a long period of time so it will exude a brilliant BBQ flavor to the person eating it. The "brisket" in my enchiladas was just meat - nothing more.Food during my dinner experience was better. I had the ahi tuna tostada - delish little dish on the app menu. Vibrant on the plate - the fish was fresh, that is for sure. I was surprised to find it to have a very lemony, yet, fresh taste with the added herbs and red chile vinaigrette. I also had the chicken tortilla soup, while a little over-salted, was not bad. Considering it came out in a cup, there was still plenty of chicken to be had. This chicken was good, tender, with little to no grizzly bits or yucky fat chunks (I hate that in soups especially). Our table also shared the wild mushrooms, which can be found on the Side Dishes portion of the menu. We ended up topping our ahi tostadas with our mushrooms as well, which made for a delightful fulfilling meal before attending our play. These mushrooms were not over-cooked, had good flavor, and come with garlic chips (and some full sized garlic cloves) - to give the dish a kick. I highly recommend this dish if you come here, whether you have a main entree or appetizers like my party did.Overall I would return. The decor and food is good. Service seems to be a weak spot. The food ideas here are inventive, and at least you may run into something here you would not find anywhere else.
5	Recommended by our hotel, we were greeted by the valet who was kind and helpful.We walked into a dark yet inviting restaurant where the staff was friendly and attentive.We ordered chicken enchilada, filet in a chile relleno, and scallops.  Very good but a tad spicy for one of us.Tip: guacamole is awesome!
5	Located in the World Market Center in Downtown Las Vegas. This is a real hidden gem, not what you would expect at all. Great food, in a secluded atmosphere. I was going to say if you find yourself downtown stop in, but i think it's worth a special trip. Yes it's that good. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	date night with my love. this restaurant  was recommended by a friend. all I can say is amazing!  I had shrimp Diablo. wow. my girlfriend  had chicken enchiladas, she said they were okay. Def will be coming back
5	This is by far and large one of the best restaurants in the State! Chef Robert is a culinary genius and the place is gorgeous.   From the appetizers to the skirt steak the fare is unlike no other! Great place for dinner and then downtown or Smith Center! Highly recommended and I've been eating there since its inception and it's consistent!!
5	Monday night dinner... Fantastic! Service fantastic. I ordered the sea bass in parchment paper - delicious!! Our server advised me it would take longer for prep- and it did. She advised it was spicy, and it was. But totally worth the wait and my taste buds were happy - spicy and yummy! Sadly, it was not busy. Selfishly, it was great for us. Service was great and noise level was minimal. And that was great for us. Valet is free - just tip, and worth the few bucks rather than hoofing it. My friend said it was  busier during the day. I suppose the design / furniture stores, outlets and downtown biz folks draw a different crowd. But I would def recommend Mundo, and return, regardless of the time.
5	Love this place!!  Never disappoints.  The only thing I will say is that the Valet people are very inconsistent!   We arrived for dinner and parked in Valet.  Kind of empty, but none the less we knew we were there for a good meal and not the social ambiance. We started with the Gilled Calamari .  Very tasty and definitely a unique amazing spicy flavor to it! If you like spicy this dish is for you!  It come along with a sauce that is delicious and some  mixed greens  and grilled veggies which give the appetizer an amazing flavor.   If you are not a fan of spicy we were told you can let them know so it is not made as spicy, but trust me when I say good as made by the Chef!   Next we shared a few other dishes.  We had the Sweet Chipotle glaze shrimp tamale , Pork Chop, Ahi Tuna Tostada and  the street corn.The sweet chipotle glaze shrimp tamale  I had never had before!  My  friend had and he recommended it.  OMG  it made the " I MUST HAVE  LIST"  perfect combination of sweetness form the tamale and the grilled Shrimp in glazed in chipotle is perfect.  Pork Chops perfectly cooked layed on mashed potatoes.  Ahi Tuna Tostada I had never tried either. Again, another dish that is a a must with a good amount of spicy. Last, but not least.  The Street corn is always a treat. Oh I forgot to finish my story on valet  guy.  It seem they always leave early.  He walked around giving keys back to customers as they were having dinner.   Which tends to ruin the dinner experience.  Mundo was not closing as 3 other tables still were sat after we were given our keys. It seems this happens a lot more often than I would like it to.  I under stand if only 1 or two cars are left and the place is closed. However when people are still eating and you have to stop to get your keys, tip them( lucky I had a $5 otherwise would need to ask for change)  I am don ranting about Valet.   Food is awesome and if you have not tried this Gem out do so soon.   Lunch is always great also.
5	This is by far one of the best restaurant I have ever been too. The restaurant wasn't that full since it was between lunch and supper. The service was beyond expectations, the server knew every dish with al Ts crossed and all Is dotted. It was perfect. The food was, also, perfect. I had a Sarape de Pollo, my parents shared the stuffed pepper with steak. We had the queso fundido and fried calamari for appetizers, ah! So many good flavors!Unfortunately, we were all too full to dare into dessert. It was a great experience at Mundo, nevertheless.
5	Great Service.Classy Interior.Had the chile verde and guacamole.Both were delicious.Next time I'll go to dinner with a date.
4	Best mexican food in town! The food was extremely flavorful and the portions were spot on. We kept going in for more chips and salsa. They should jar and sell that stuff!We went in right before heading over to see Wicked. It was a great start to a wonderful evening. We started with drinks and appetizers. The drinks were great, not too strong, just enough to set the mood right. We had their Ahi una Tostada and chicken taquitos. Let's start with the Ahi Tuna Tostada, what a great take on two opposing dishes. It was extremely fresh and flavorful. Next up, chicken taquitos. The meet was seasoned to perfection and the shell was crisp and created the perfect texture. We knew from that point on that our entrees would be perfect. The wife had the Sea Bass and in her words "The best I ever had." I chose the Wagyu Skirt Steak and as predicted it tasted great. You can't go wrong with Mundo, just make sure your wallet is ready. It's just tough looking at bill knowing your paying that much for mexican food.
3	I've really grown to like the food at mundo but for the life of me I can't figure out why they would serve their corn dish in the dead of winter.  do they not realize the corn tastes more like wood and no amount of cream and cheese is going to change that fact.
4	We celebrated our first anniversary at  Mundo Restaurant, one of Las Vegas finest classic french restaurants. I could not have been more impressed with the service and the food. I alerted the restaurant that we would be celebrating our anniversary, and they spared no detail in making us feel very special.  Mundo Restaurant is an experience not to be missed.
5	Great atmosphere for a first not crowded lighting was perfect 100 for 2 people that covered appetizers and dessert. I will be going back
