3	The decisions you have to make about a wedding cake are both surprisingly numerous and surprisingly complex, with certain options you choose early on having a vast impact on the design options you have later. For example, if you choose buttercream for your frosting, it will be smooth and sweet and creamy awesomeness in your mouth -- but on the cake, any colors will run and it can't hold complex shapes, so you're limiting yourself to very simple designs. Other frosting options exist, such as fondant and rolled white chocolate, and they each have their own set of benefits and limitations as well.If you're good at research, you have some time to kill and you know what you're looking for, you can find a lot of this information on-line -- but when you're in the midst of the overwhelming task of planning a wedding, it would be so, so much easier to just sit down with a professional who can lay out all your options and explain the benefits and limitations of each one.Unfortunately, you won't find anyone like that at Carl's Cakes. Oh, Carl seems friendly, helpful and optimistic when you first meet him. The samples he gave us at our cake tasting were better than I ever knew cake could be, and when we asked about decorations, he was quick to assure us that he could "do anything you want". After our initial meeting with Carl, we surfed the Net for examples of memorable wedding cakes and cherry-picked the ideas we liked best until we had put together the perfect cake design. I'll admit it was on the moderately complicated side, but nothing exceptional by wedding cake standards; and after Carl's repeated assurances at the tasting that he could "do anything you want", we thought we were safe.But once he has your deposit, his attitude changes. He's difficult to get ahold of by phone, and impossible to get ahold of by email. Suddenly, any design requests more complicated than the average birthday cake are answered with a simple "I can't do that". Even something as simple as multiple colors will be refused on the basis that the colors will bleed together. He never tries to suggest compromises or alternatives, and if you ask for them, he'll only tell you to come in and pick something from his generic book of designs.Why all the limitations? Because Carl frosts his cakes with buttercream frosting -- and ONLY buttercream frosting.I've lost track of how many hours we spent on the phone going back and forth with Carl over the cake design, struggling to find something he could do that didn't leave us cold. Dealing with him wasted a large portion of the limited time we had to plan our wedding, and drastically increased our stress during an already stressful time. If I was rating his business purely on Customer Service, I'd have to give him 1 star.But I'll also give credit where credit is due. In the end, he delivered our cake on time, in the flavors, size and design that we eventually agreed to. It was beautiful, if vastly simplified from our original design, and the flavor? To this day, our wedding cake is still the best thing I've ever had in my mouth. If I were rating his business purely on taste, I'd have to give him 5 stars. Heck, I'd give him 6 if it were possible.So if you want the best cake you've ever had in your entire life, consider Carl's Cakes -- But consider very carefully. Give him an exact cake design and make ABSOLUTELY SURE he can do it without modifications BEFORE you give him a dime.
5	Carl did an incredible job on my wedding cake. My husband and I chose Carl as our baker at a wedding show. I had read online to be wary of bakers who use a lot of filling to disguise dry or flavorless cake, and this is what we were experiencing again and again at the wedding show...until we found Carl's booth. We both tried a different kind, and we both decided on the spot that this bakery would be designing our cake. The prices were very reasonable, and the cake received a ton of compliments at the wedding! Oh, the flavors we ended up choosing were hazelnut apricot and white chocolate raspberry.
5	Carl and his cakes are GREAT! We ordered a cake for our recent wedding in Madison. Carl was very easy to work with, and he took great notes during our tasting (not every wedding vendor we worked with was good about doing this). We got exactly what we wanted, and many of our guests complimented us on such a beautiful and delicious cake!! Price is also very reasonable
5	We have been caking it up with fancy cakes from Carl since 2009.  The quality of his cakes are absolutely superior.  The prices are a bit high but since you are getting the best cake in the Madison metro area, I suppose he kind of gets to determine the market since he has no real competition.  The only negative I have is that my daughter's birthday is in mid June and the city of Sun Prairie shuts down all the streets around the store location for some stupid street festival.  Generally I have to park about seven blocks away, usually illegally, and lug two giant cakes back to the car.  But I won't downgrade Carl for that.  City of Sun Prairie on the other hand, gets 2 stars our of 5.
5	Recently went with Carl for my wedding cake. The wedding cake tasted AMAZING and the design that Carl came up with was simple and very classy. Carl is very nice and I felt that the cake was very reasonably priced. Thanks so much!
1	I was excited to work with Carl at my tasting.  I had some issues finding the place and traffic was bad.  My 30 minute trip turned into a 40 minute trip and I was 15 minutes late.  I figured I could talk to him when I got there (rather than try to find his number while driving) and it wouldn't be a big deal.  I got there and was informed he had left for the day.  Ummm ok.  Kind of shady considering he had my number and could have informed me.  I decided I would give it another shot - maybe there was a good reason.  I called a few days later to reschedule and left a message.  Several days passed with no response.  I get that I was late but I am a customer.  I was left feeling he was very stuck up and unprofessional.  He could have said he has a late policy, wasn't available, or said anything at all.  What a waste of time.
3	I would probably give Carl's Cakes 2.5. The lady who dropped off the desserts for my reception was very rude at first. After she found out I was the bride she was a lot nicer but I think she thought I was a wedding planner or something. We traveled for our reception and forgot some things at home. Honest mistake but it was nothing major and she was rude about it. The desserts were delicious but the service was not what I had expected
1	Disappointing cakes.  The "buttercreams" are made with shortening, and no butter at all.  Anyone who has tasted real buttercream knows that it is not as shelf stable or white as shortening frosting and tastes like real butter.  The chocolate cake has some kind of flavoring in it.  Fake rum, maybe?  I really think people buy these cakes because they don't know any better.  Perhaps the term "buttercream" is used loosely outside of Europe, but true buttercream is not a concoction of Sweetex (sweetened shortening, commercial grade) and some other fake ingredients.  Carl also is very stuck in his ways when it comes to design.  He's not on the cutting edge, he will only do certain designs that he's been doing since the 80s.  There will be no rolled fondont ribbons or pulled sugar flowers or bright colors.  If you want a simple cake, and don't mind that it is frosted with fake buttercream because that's what is more shelf stable and easy to work with, then go to Carl's.I see that since I posted my review Deb R. from Carl's Cakes commented.  Thanks for your comment and those pictures.  I can definitely tell which ones Carl decorated as opposed to other cake decorators working there.  The cakes with a very simple piping design and love birds have Carl written all over them.  The cakes that are more creative and interesting are done by other people.  Oh, and you guys must go through a TON of shortening for all that "buttercream"!
4	I previously wrote a 1-star review.  I was interested in a cake for my wedding last October.  While Carl was unwilling or unable to help me, I called the diner that he calls home.  They were extremely helpful and willing to help me on last minute's notice.  They were decorated beautifully for a fair price.  The frosting was not my favorite but the wonderful service made my wedding so much smoother.  Thank you very much to the bakers who saved my day!
2	I've eaten slices from three different cakes from Carl's Cakes, and none of them were drop-dead wonderful. In fact, they were all similar: cake pretty average, all topped with a very strange frosting -- buttercream that is TOO buttery, overpowering in both flavor and fragrance, and has an odd, chemical-like flavor to it. After I eat a slice of the cake, I'm not tempted to go back for more. (It's cake! You should be!) Because of the strange buttercream frosting, I've really had enough when I've eaten just one small slice.Every instance in which I've had a slice of a Carl's Cakes cake was at my work (someone's birthday or other event). The cakes sat in the kitchen room at my work, ready for staff people to enjoy. The kitchen room itself smelled like butter with the cake sitting in the room. It is a sickly sweet smell and kind of nauseating, I think. (I've never noticed other sheet cakes from other cake bakers that cause the room to fill with the smell of the frosting.)I hate to be harsh about cakes, but I just have never had an enjoyable experience eating any cakes from Carl's Cakes.
4	Carl's cakes really should have more than 3.5 stars. I think partially the problem is a lot of reviews from bridezillas who didn't get their crazy expectations met. They admit to the great flavor of the cakes but then downgrade the stars because the shade of pink was wrong.Anyways someone had brought leftover wedding cake into my work lounge. I tried a small bite was amazed! Spent the course of the day trying to find out who brought this amazing cake and where it is from!  Turns out Carl's cakes and the flavor I tried was hazelnut apricot.I went to see what they offered at the market street diner in terms of variety. I was please that they have 4 or 5 cakes that you can get individual slices from but also a cooler with ready to go full cakes in a variety of flavors. I ended up getting a hazelnut apricot cake good for about 8 to 10 people for only 16 bucks. What a steal! Where can you get a awesome cake for that price nowadays. They also do cheesecakes which I know will lure me back at some point.
3	I ordered a cake for my son's birthday party specifically because the picture I saw of it in their cake catalog looked amazing.  It was a three-tiered cake with half of a layer (or two) cut out to give the illusion of trees for a wild animal themed cake. I was quite impressed with the picture of the cake they previously did and ordered it.  I was surprised when I went to pick up the cake to find it all one level and resembling the picture (which was nice but NOT what I ordered). I spoke with the manager and was very pleased with how she handled the situation.  In all fairness, the cake tasted wonderful and the cake itself was nicely decorated--I would give another 1/2 star if I could.  However, the disappointment in ordering a multi-dimensional cake and not getting one, without explanation, is why I am posting this review.
1	We're not fans. The cake itself is nothing special and tends to be on the dry side. For us, the frosting is the part that makes or breaks the cake, and Carl's Cakes have awful frosting.Butter cream frosting should have a particular texture, density, and "taste". Clearly each baker's recipe will change the taste, but this frosting is kinda like eating a stick of butter. The Madison area has much better options for cakes than Carl's.Oh yeah...carrot cake is supposed to have cream cheese frosting, but Carl's Cakes uses the butter cream on the outside..."it's easier to spread"...WHAT??? That's makes as much sense as saying that using cherries in a Black Forest cake is too time consuming.
