4	Who knew that Le Bella Salon & Med Spa existed right in the shopping center on the Southeast corner of Scottsdale and Shea?  It's literally two doors down from the Dairy Queen!I definitely didn't know until the other day when my mom told me she found a "Doozy of a Deal" to get a mircroderm facial from this place for just $68.  When she asked if I would like one also, her treat, how could I say no?!Nicole was my aesthetician and did a great job.  She was friendly and I could tell she's got plenty of experience from the way she worked... She educated me as she steamed, scrubbed, extracted, etc... but it was still very relaxing.  The facial included some neck, shoulder, arm, and hand massage too... my favorite!  The skincare line she used is PCA Skin and liked it enough to purchase some product - it was reasonably priced too... bonus!  My skin felt great afterwards.While Nicole was awesome, the overall experience at this salon/spa could have been better.  My mom and I both felt that the women working the front desk were not very friendly... they could use a lesson in customer service.  I'll likely be back to see Nicole, so I hope that they warm up to me in the future!
4	I have been following around one stylist, Karen since I was fifteen! She does amazing color and cuts and is the best! I have never had another service here but the salon is a nice atmosphere.
5	I am a 30 year old man in a business that takes me all over the world. I was very lucky to be referred to Karen( from Chicago), and I will NEVER allow anyother hairstylist to work on my hair. Not only a GREAT hair cut but also educated conversation.
4	Just had a cut and touch up color with Kris. Was able to get an appt with just a couple days notice. Kris is very nice, easy going and knows her stuff, got right to it! I am totally happy with my cut and the color and loved the head and neck massage when she was washing my hair...and the minty conditioner? So great on a warm day.I'll be back in 2 months!
5	Another great color touch up with Kris today. Thanks!
5	Amazing salon/ spa I've been going since leah the owner first opened it . Love gettting my hair done and manicured :-) i have also got permanent tattoo makeup and lazor treatments from leah. I wouldnt go to anyother spa!!  very friendly staff and fantastic boutique! :-)
5	When I had my haircut there it looked amazing when I saw it.My mom even owns the place.
5	I just went for an appt for a foto facial, Leah was great and explained everything . Leah does the best photo facials!  I so wish I lived in AZ so I could come to is salon more often.  The prices are affordable unlike Calif where I reside.  I'm planning a trip back to AZ real soon to get more treatments.  No more paying over inflated CA prices for this girl.  Great inviting salon, super friendly staff.
5	Great place.....They know what they are doing and do it well.  Personal service, did not feel rushed and will definitely be going back..
5	I've been going to Le Bella for a couple years now.  I have absolutely no complaints when it comes to this salon.I always see Corissa & she always takes very good care of me.  I now have her cutting my boyfriends hair as well as our 3 kids. She does an amazing job on everyone's hair!  She is the total package when it comes to beauticians. I'm so grateful that I have found such a reliable, consistent, trusting, talented & BeAuTiFuL beautician.If you're in the market for a new beautician, do yourself a favor & schedule an appointment with Corissa today. I promise, you won't be disappointed.
