5	I'm so happy I've found Hair Friends! I think I've been going there for about 2 years now I think and I have NEVER been disappointed. I go to Glen and he is amazing. I will go in with a style in mind, and he'll take that style and make it work for me, telling me what he's going to change. He explains and asks me everything before he starts so I know what's going on. He (and everybody else there) really knows what they're doing. My cuts are $32 and you can't go wrong with that!
1	So after many ppl's recommendations of coming here, i bit the bullet and went.  I had the owner cut my hair and an hour later, he was quite pleased.  I was not.  But...i said to myself "Self, you usually hate your haircuts in the salon because they style it funny, and then you go home, wash it, and go..Ohhh...not that bad"  So I withheld judgement until I got home.Now...after a shower...i hate it even more.  I seriously probably had this haircut in the 3rd grade.  After my mom cut my hair.  with blunt scissors.  Really?  I look like my head was attacked by gum-eaters and my *friends* had no choice but to chop it off with a swiss-army knife.  It's uneven, its bland, and its got random long/short pieces for texture.  Good god, if you like your head, go somewhere else.  Or call my mom and she'll give you this haircut for free
4	I was pleasantly surprised by how much I liked this hair salon. I had Beth, and she did a great job helping me find a low maintenance cut that looks stylish. I would refer people to her. It  is slightly pricey for Pittsburgh, but I would rather pay a bit more for a cut that meets my expectations.
5	I go every time I need my haircut. Ever since moving to Pittsburgh I have been visiting the shop. The atmosphere is great. Independently owned and you can tell by the family feel you get when you visit. Bess cuts my hair and normally I just sit down and tell her to do whatever she wants. I have never been disappointed with a cut.
5	I generally get my hair cut every six months or so, getting it cut shortish and then letting it grow out to verge of ridiculousness. As such, I'm not greatest authority on cut quality or styling or any other such nonsense. However, I do know a thing or two about atmosphere, friendliness, and service, which are precisely what keep me coming back to Hair Friends twice a year. Located in Oakland above Peter's Pub, this place is easy to miss, which itself is sort of charming. The interior is cozy and lived-in with creaking hardwood floors and a few plants here and there. The walls are covered in a myriad of photographs which change every so often, and the owner has a knack for putting on just the best, most laid back jazz and blues music. For my money, it's the best setting I could ask for while getting my mop cropped. And speaking of money, I know a lot of people, and especially ladies, expect to pay upwards of $70-100 for a good haircut. When I go to Hair Friends they charge me $28, and then I tip $5 on top. In value for money, you just can't beat this place.But most importantly, the folks who work at Hair Friends are welcoming, interesting, and (go figure) downright friendly. I always make my appointments with Bess, and sure I'm a paying customer and all that, but it's nice that even though I only stop in for a half hour every six months she remembers enough about me to keep up a conversation and make me feel at home. So you'll have to decide for yourself whether their hair cutting skills are up to your expectations, but in terms of my standards of atmosphere, cost, and friendliness, Hair Friends is as close to ideal as likely exists.
5	Glen has been cutting my hair for about 5 years now. This is the only place I would go to in Pittsburgh.
5	I have been going to Glen at Hair Friends for a few years. He takes his time and does a wonderful job! I have never been disappointed after getting my hair cut here. The atmosphere of the salon is one of a kind-- something you could never find from a chain. All of the employees are friendly, and I always leave feeling prettier than when I walked in! I moved out of the city, but still make the trip to get my hair cut here because it's that great. Thank you, Hair Friends! You can pay with a credit or debit card, but make sure you bring cash for the tip!
