5	Go late at night, get Marshall (?...skinny, long dark haired kid) as your server and order a big ass cheeseburger. I don't remember the name of it, as it was on a menu insert and not a regular menu item...a cheeeburger with a fried egg, hashbrowns and cheese sauce on it. My God, one of the best cheeseburgers I've ever had. My friend's food was delicious as well, service was attentive and FAST...it was a packed house and everyone was having a blast. Having survived many after-club, overflowing and understaffed Denny's during my lifetime this one was a revelation (well, as much of a revelation as a Denny's can be).
4	Some times one just wants food so we go to Denny's. We never go with any expectations other than it is a Denny's So we get what we expect, simple food prepared in a simple way. Being greeted with a smile is what we get along with good quick service. The place is clean as well are the toilets. Some times the other customers are a hoot to watch, but usually just folks out for a bite.
3	Ok, I'll admit that Denny's is not even on my radar when it comes to hitting up a place for breakfast. However, walking into this particular Denny's in Arizona had some mitigating factors:1. We were near Avondale, AZ because we were attending the NASCAR race; we left Scottsdale hecka early, anticipating Sonoma Raceway-like gnarled traffic, which did not materialize so we had time to kill and we were all hungry, so the search for breakfast began.2. We were gonna hit up Cracker Barrel, but the lines were out the door, so we opted for this Denny's across the street. Plus, our group being, er, frugal, we knew Denny's would be a less expensive option.Now, no lines out the door when we got there, and it was only a 10-minute wait for our party of four, so that was cool. Our waitress, Isabel, was quick, courteous, friendly, and efficient. She was at our table quickly, brought out all our drinks quickly, kept our drinks refilled, and brought us the check quickly. She got an extra $2 from me, because breakfast waitresses are woefully undertipped!They were certainly turning and burning the tables in there; our food was ready in like eight minutes! The food was fine; it's Denny's!By the time we left Denny's, it was packed and there was definitely a line out the door! We made it in time to beat the NASCAR and after-church crowds. So, we basically carbo-loaded for our long day at Phoenix International Raceway. A good time was had by all :)
5	Litchfield and I-10 best Denny's in the valley. The staff there have their A game on all the time.
2	My experience at this Dennys wasn't good like previous occasions. The waitress that was waiting on us seemed RUDE and in a hurry.Their was an incident my parents were still working on their breakfast and she was already asking them if they wanted a box for their pancakes to take home, felt like she wanted us to go.Food this time around was Not good, pancakes tasted they were not cooked all the way through. Their furniture seem old when you sit you sink in. Unfortunately this restaurant needs improvement.
5	Always good food, good service, good price. The wait staff is always attentive and we never run out of drinks we will return.
1	ARE YOU KIDDING ME?Cockroaches!!At least I saw them before my order came to the table.
2	I actually enjoy Dennys so we started going to this location when we moved in the area.  We've been twice.  Both times we had issues.  First time the service was lacking.  Second time the food took forever to come out and then it was cold.  I dont think we will be coming back to this location.
5	Well we been long timers coming to this Dennys and have never been disappointed in staff or service here on top of how exceptionally clean the place is. They just remodeled and looks fantastic. Give the great praise to the owners seeing they remodel about every 6 years to keep up to date.
1	I came back after the renovation, thinking they had improved. Atmosphere, furniture was an improvement. However after they took our order, it took them at least 30 min.to bring ut out, and our orders was not complete. Not coming back....
3	First time at this location since the "renovation". Only thing I really noticed was new booths. It did look clean though. Had to wait a minute before being acknowledged and seated. Our server was very energetic and said "you guys" a lot. We came for dessert and decided on the original pancake puppies sundae and hot fudge brownie a la mode. We kinda wanted the caramel apple crisp too, but two was more than enough. The brownie came out first and was very hot and covered in fudge. It was tasty. Just as we finished, the pancake puppies came out. They were very fried and dense. I could barely get through one and then just ate the ice cream. Next time, caramel apple crisp!
