5	I am flabbergasted. Flummoxed. Freaking the fug out. WHY IS THIS PLACE NOT BEING TALKED ABOUT ON YELP!?!?!?I'm sorry, I just had to get that out of my system. But seriously, how is it POSSIBLE that only one review exists for Fantasy Costume Rentals and that it dates back to 2009??? This is a spectacular business!First off, let me tell you a funny little story about my discovery of this gem. My birthday was a couple of weeks ago, and I was planning a little shindig for myself. In true Heather fashion (I tend to go a little over the top with everything I do) I chose to have a theme, the "Roaring 20's" as I was turning 29 (OMG I'm effing THIRTY next year?! When the hell did that happen??) I digress. I was looking for a costume and was unhappy with my choices at the "other" costume shop that shall not be named that seems to hold a monopoly on costume rentals in the valley. It was about midnight on a Sunday. I did a google search for costume rentals and Fantasy Costumes came up. I of course go straight to the reviews, and when I saw the only one written was in 2009, I was convinced they were no longer open. How would a costume fanatic like myself not know of this place? I decided to call the business number (keep in mind the time of night) to see if it was a disconnected number or if I reached a message listing hours. A man answers. Completely astounded to hear a live voice on the other end of the line, I stammered,"Um, is this Fantasy Costumes??" "Yes, it sure is.""OMG, I'm SOOOO sorry for calling so late. I didn't think anyone would answer!""It's ok, I have calls forwarded to my cell in case of emergencies." "So, uh, when are you open?""Tues-Sun 10am-6pm""Cool, thanks. Well, I'll be seeing you in person soon! Goodnight!"Located on University off of McKemy (near Hardy), this is a small unassuming shop that you really have to know about to notice. In the front of the shop are two large catalogs with pictures of the costumes in order of category, with a list of sizes each costume is available in. This makes it so easy to shop for something. I pointed at a couple of costumes and asked the owner about them. One he replied "That one's really cheesy. I don't think you'll like it, but this one (he points) is really nice." and then proceeds to bring out some options for me to try on.For $45, I rented a super cute silver flapper dress (see pics), which came with a feather headpiece, long pearl necklace, boa, and free fishnet stockings!. The "other" costume shop wanted $50 for a similar dress and that did not include the boa ($10 extra), necklace, or stockings. Just the dress and headband. My boyfriend also rented a super cool gangster costume, which the owner was sure to adjust the length of the pants for him before we picked up the costumes. Again, it came with everything. Hat, shirt, tie, gloves, shoe covers, and he even pinned a red carnation on the jacket! Last minute, Jared realized the suspenders weren't with the costume and he called the owner (on Sunday, the day he is closed) and the owner told him to come by right away and he would get the suspenders to him. A couple of things to note. You can only pay with CASH or CHECK and a deposit (2x the cost of the rental) is required. But I will tell you, it is SO worth it. This guy is so organized, really cares for his costumes, and is not about nickel and diming. He provides a quality product for a reasonable price. I will be using Fantasy Costumes for my costume needs from this point on! Love love love!
4	This is one of those places you stumble upon when you're looking for a costume for a party thrown by the greatest website that ever existed.  (no shameful plugs here).  I went into this store to rent a costume for a western themed party and what a treat it was.This small store is tucked away in a very unassuming small shopping plaza on the southeast corner of University and McKinley (A block east of Hardy).   You have probably driven by this plaza 100 Million billion times and never noticed it, but once you've been there, each time you pass by, you look over there and think, "Oh, there's that little shop of horrors right over there."  Yep, little shop of horrors!  Why you ask?  This store kinda reminds me of a horror film.  First I walk in and there are pictures hanging on the walls of this very narrow front room.  Shoes and hats galore are on display making the space seem even more narrow.  I walk toward the back slowly as no one is in the front room and I call out, "is anyone here?"  I kid you not, I thought I'd walked in on the set of Friday the 13th.  Very spooky and creepy in there, but isn't that JUST the right place to buy or rent a costume!  I met the owner.  What a nice man.  He showed me his catalog of costumes.  He showed me his many pics, a great deal of the pics of costumes were of him in them!  I looked through the cow girl costumes and thought the selection was great.  There was at least costume that I had an interest in.  I was informed that the rental was around $50 and the deposit was $50.  I did not rent one of their costumes because I decided to go with my own costume at home, but I will go there when I have a need for other costumes that I don't keep readily in my closet, ie for the Renaissance Festival!!!  This place was fantastic.  I highly recommend it. Check them out.
