2	The only good thing about Park Avenue HOA is perhaps one courteous person of Vivian. She's very nice and accommodates my needs whenever I call her. However, they are hardly in the office so visiting this office is a coin toss.The policies here are overly strict and unreasonable.1. we are not allowed to move in heavy furniture unless we give them a two days notice with a $300 check deposit in case we damage the property during the move. 2. Incompetent security. Some are nice and some are just weird. They are way too strict in allowing guests in but even when you do, they are VERY slow. Before my official move, I had to wait in the guest line for nearly 10 minutes. GIVE ME A BREAK. And I hear the security manager talking like he's a sailor and how he's "not going to take any sh*t from anybody." And they call themselves a professional security company. Yeah, more like amateur. If the HOA reads this, PLEASE replace them with LasVegasPS again. They were nicer and had more of a security appeal. I hate to be the one to judge but none of the security guards actually look like a security either. Meaning, that I wouldn't trust them to ensure my security because they don't seem capable of handling tough situations. On the other hand, LasVegasPS looked like bosses and have that intimidating look. I feel safer around them. Other than the stellar quality of the condos, this HOA office is whatevers. Lead by one nice agent while everyone else is just there with a grumpy attitude and to get their paychecks. I hope the HOA reads this.
5	This updated 5 star rating is for the security who assisted me in carrying my heavy TV when I didn't even ask for assistance. He simply just saw me trying to manage a heavy TV and offered to help. This immediately made me refer back to this review that I unfairly criticized collectively of the security staff.
1	This review is only for the HOA.  The condos are quite nice.  It is dealing with the HOA that makes living here almost unbearable.  Arrogant, entitled, and dismissive does not even BEGIN to describe these people.  Do not even attempt to expect "service" from these people.  Utterly awful.
1	I completely agree with Ryan M. He could not have said it better. I had lived at this property since 2005 and left after it turned into a police state. Once you get on their shitlist they do not let up. I received a notice for hazardous driving in the parking lot when I was out of the country for that month! When I went to them to report this error I was told that when I am away I am responsible for anyone driving my vehicle. The vehicle sat in my garage the entire time I was gone. No one else has keys. It's BS like that that really stresses you out and makes day to day living really suck. I dont get how these people live with themselves policing other people like this. And the guy who reviewed the security company - yeah they were pretty cool at times - but that has nothing to do with the HOA. A separate review should be written for that company.
1	The only reason I am leaving a one star review is because I can't leave less. The HOA staff at Park Avenue are indubitably the most miserable people I have ever encountered. David Olsen is by far the worst. Unprofessional, condescending, disrespectful, unhelpful, discriminatory, and ignorant beyond belief. I have NO idea how these people are running a business. They make unfactual outrageous claims against current and potential tenants as well as guests and violate the fair housing act as well as ADA regulations. I would rather spend 5 hours at the DMV then spend 5 minutes trying to get any relevant information from them or resolve an issue. Unbelievable. If you're thinking of living here, don't. No apartment is worth dealing with these inconceivably abhorrent human beings.
