4	I finally gave this place a try after many of my friends tell me what a great place it is. I needed a trim of my dead ends because I want to grow my hair out longer. I have had really professional people cut my hair before, and Phillip is up there. He gave me exactly what I wanted. He trimmed it without shortening my length too much. I was very happy with his technique and skills. Although it was a little too pricey for me, I was quite happy with the result and the service I received. I will definitely come back!
5	Loved my experience at CHARISMA. Great staff, expert stylists and great color!! The best Ive had in Vegas.....!
1	SHOULD BE NEGATIVE 100 .......this has to be the worst salon ever. i went to get my hair lightened and Philip Amodei was my consultant he quoted me a price of $200 which i was fine with it thats why i proceeded to continue.... he promised me he was a color specialist and a master at what he does.... what a joke. i had black at the ends of my hair so to get it out he bleached my hair with 40 volume bleach 3 times under the heather needless to say my hair still looked awful and he could tell i was not satisfied so he said he would put another color we picked red he colored my hair once again my hair had been processed so much at this point that it wouldn't even hold the color my hair was now orange he said he had a water color and it was also red so he would try that and it wasnt damaging not that it mattered at this point my hair felt like mush.... when he was dont i noticed the color was not red but pink so i told him and he got upset and said am i implying that he is color blind well duh buddy you kind of are if you cant tell from red and pink. i refused to pay and he said " oh this must be a las vegas thing to go get your hair done and pretend you dont like it so you can get a free service" what a jerk of a human being btw my hair all broke off i had HEALTHY hair down my back and now i have a pixie hair cut... he is a nightmare and i want to let everyone know about my awful experience. i ended up going to robert cromea inside mandalay bay and butch did a great job cutting my hair he saved whatever was left of it
4	I visited Salon Charisma with my Groupon coupon, which was an awesome deal.  Philip consulted with me, but he had another stylist cut my hair. She was being trained by Philip and she did a fabulous job. Sorry, I cannot recall her name.  Philip did check her work as she progressed through the cut, which made me feel like he really cared.Bottom line: Philip listened to what I wanted and the cut I received was one of the best I have ever gotten.  It has been over 2 months since my cut at Salon Charisma, and I found it grew out very nicely and never became difficult to work with. I think this is a testament to Philip's precision cutting technique. Thank you Philip and staff ... You were so right ... If a woman FEELS beautiful, she LOOKS beautiful!
5	I returned to Salon Charisma for a trim and was assigned to a lovely young lady named Angelica.  She gave me the best hair trim - EVER. I am very impressed with the precision cutting technique that is Philip's own. From my perspective, my hair seemed bushy, out of control, way too long and screaming for a major trim. Angelica listened to what I wanted, and skillfully regenerated my crowning glory's Ooh-La-La-Ness with barely any evidence on the floor in the way of cut hairs!  I was amazed. Usually when I get any kind of hair cut, there is enough hair on the floor to make a charming toss pillow, but not under Angelica's expert care. Philip's precision cutting technique is fantastic! And, while it may take a little longer than those other salons (I was out of there in 1 hr/10 mins) ... It is so worth it.  And my cost for this amazing trim ... A mere $25.  I mean, COME ON!  Did I just go back in time to 1988???  LOL -  An amazing bargain.My hair looks fabulous, healthy and effortlessly sexy.  Yes, after 50 years of haircuts, I know I have finally found my holy grail of hair salons.Highly recommended! AAAA++++
4	I found this place through groupon. The deal through groupon was a bargain of $23 for a haircut, deep conditioning, and a style. I purchased the groupon on the day it was suppose to be expired but my sister called the salon for me and told them the situation. The girl that both me and my sister spoke with is Ashley. She said that she would honor the price and asked me if I wanted to make an appointment to come in to get the deal. I made an appointment for the next day (today) . I printed out the coupon with Ashley's name and the date I spoke with her saying that she will honor the price and the deal for me. When I walked into the salon there was 4 people working including the owner of the Salon. All 3 of the workers that was in the front greeted me and asked me if I had an appointment. I spoke with the owner  Philip Amodei and told him about the situation I had. He then directed me to Ashley herself and she ended up doing my haircut, style and deep conditioning. Ashley was and is very helpful. She askes you what exactly you want to do with your hair and she will recommend how you should do your hair depending on what type of hair condition you have. She is also a very friendly and nice hairdresser. Not like the hairdresser you see on tv. Instead of talking to her coworkers around her, she has all your attention. She focuses on what you asked her to do.
5	The only true salon in Vegas.  Comparable to the best salons in Beverly hills, NYC,  and Miami!  Finally, a place I can trust my waist long hair for expert cut, color, and highlights.  High quality hair color product that stay true to the color you wanted, even after a couple months.  My hair has never looked more healthy and chic.  Did I mention Phillipe is an amazing colorist!
5	I've always been one to judge a book by its cover up until recent years when I have made an honest effort to change that part about me. I am glad I have because had I previously pulled up to Salon Charisma, which is located in a somewhat run down commercial center on Sahara & Buffalo with vacancies surrounding it, I would have run for the hills. Luckily, I went inside, sat down, and got an AMAZING hair cut for $29.  Earlier that day, I was at work and decided I needed a MAJOR change and found that this place was just down the street with a Groupon Now special of $29 for a haircut, deep condition, & blow out. I checked out the reviews and found that there were a couple negative ones that worried me but for the most part, people raved. When I walked in I was greeted immediately by a very friendly woman at the front desk. I had arrived a little early so I took a seat and waited.  The front desk woman (I wish I knew her name) kept offering me a drink and magazines. When it was finally my time to consult with my stylist C.K., I was excited. I explained that I wanted to chop a good 4-5 inches off of my just-past-the-shoulder length hair and was toying with the idea of having bangs. She was beyond one of the nicest people I have ever met and she pointed out the positive features of my hair rather than lecturing me about the negatives (teasing, bleaching, dead ends, broken in places). She did suggest finishing the consult after I had been washed and conditioned. Once that was done, we decided on a short, stylish, even cut near my chin with a bang and so the cutting began. I felt so confident in her but about half way through my cut I decided I really shouldn't go through with the bang because I didn't want to have too much change all at once.  Normally, this is something I would never speak up about and then walk out of the salon hating my new 'do' but CK made me feel like she genuinely cared about how I felt about my hair after I left the salon and I spoke up. She could see the nerves written all over my face and assured me that she was so appreciative that I spoke up.  Due to this change, she had to make some other changes to the way she had already cut my hair but kept reassuring me that I had made the right decision by speaking up. Once the cut was done, she blew it out and I absolutely LOVED it. I couldn't ask for a better cut! I was so happy that I gave her a big hug right before I left!One negative thing.... I'm a bit of frugal person so I don't know that I'll be able to go back for regular price cuts but it was SO good, I might just be able to justify it. =)
5	I as well heard of this place through groupon. I am from california and have yet to find someone to cut my hair. The deal was a steal, and the service was fabulous! I have never had a hair cut sooooooo perfect! CK cut, styled and blow dried my hair and I left looking and feeling like a new woman! I made an appointment when I left and have already recommended my friends and family!
2	I'm new to Vegas so I went off of some Yelp reviews which has become a prety common practice lately. Unfortunately Charisma wasn't anything special to look at. It's in a shopping center facing a run down, out of business, gas station and the interior looked dated. When I go to a salon I like to relax and soak up some ambiance. Definitely didn't get that at Charisma. I saw a female stylist and told her I was growing out my hair and I didn't want to lose length. She mentioned layers and I told her a little, but I definitely wanted to avoid a 90's inspired Rachel from Friends shag...which is exactly what I got. Lame sauce. On a personal note, they use and sell their own product and I wasn't crazy about the scents. I know, I know, what's in a smell? But that's an important little factor. On the plus side they aren't pushy with product sales and the shampoo and scalp massage were ah-maaazing. They were also able to get me in quickly. It was a Friday night and there weren't many people in there. I'm definitely bummed this place didn't work out for me. I've received better services for a fraction of the cost on mall salons. On to the next salon...
3	Philip has a hell of an eye for symmetry, and he is very, very precise when cutting. I appreciate that, as I am so anal-retentive when it comes to symmetry in my hair.  I can't say I'm a fan of the actual salon, as it was difficult to find (it's tucked away in a strip mall behind a mechanic), and the vibe was kind of, well, sad.  However, I will give credit where credit is due and say that Philip knows how to handle scissors.
1	Perhaps I should have waited a few days before making the intial review.  Yep, I should have.At this point, I was thinking there's something wrong with me, but after living with my hair all my life, well, no, it's not me.  So when I pulled up my hair in a ponytail, the ponytail was all out of sorts.  How do you mess up a hair cut so bad that when it's pulled up in a ponytail it looks weird?  I have no idea, but somehow it happened here.  I was clearly wrong when I credited Philip with precision and knowledge in scissor-handling.  Maybe with straight hair it works, but certainly not with curly hair.
5	I was simply looking for a trim and a blowdry, so I found an online deal for a nearby salon.  I expected nothing more than being assigned a random stylist, giving him/her basic instructions, staring at a license posted on a mirror stating that the stylist had been trained for a couple of years and certified to practice and, finally, crossing my fingers.  Instead, I was pleasantly surprised!  First, you'll notice that there isn't any clutter in this salon.  It's because the chairs aren't rented out.  In fact, all the stylists are mentored by the owner, an Italian-trained stylist, and so they all have similar techniques.  There was so much attention to the shape of my face and I was given such careful explanation as to the cut they were recommending. I have never had someone treat my hair like it was art, and now I will never have it any other way!  I went in for a trim, and I left with a fantastic new look.  I would recommend this place in a heartbeat.
1	First of all, this place is a hole in the wall behind a liquor store or some type of stop and shop establishment. If you walk in to a salon and it's empty.. that is the first clue to RUN!! The place is outdated, old, and the employees are incompetent and rude. I can not make a review on the "work" offered there, as thank God, I left before anything could be done to my hair- but judging by the ONE customer that was sitting on a chair.. it can't be better than one doing their own hair. I arrived 5 minutes late to my appointment, because this place is almost impossible to locate.. There were only 2 stylists there, one already had someone in her chair, which she probably already been working on for a while. I sat there for 20 minutes before anyone followed up with me. The scary looking hair dresser told me that it would be another 5-10 minutes, clearly, by looking at the other client's hair, it was going to be more like 30 minutes. I told her that I had a 4 p.m. appointment, she then proceeded to be defensive and lacked any customer service, when she stated that I had just arrived (lie)- I told her, no, I had been sitting there for 20 minutes and added that even if I had arrived at 4 p.m., she already had a client in her chair. Both stylists started literally arguing with me and told me that they did not need my business, clearly they did, as once again, I was the only soul there (besides the poor victim in the stylist's chair). I gladly got up and left. I purchased a groupon, which they reedemed as soon as I got there (unusual and another sign). When I asked about it, they told me that I had not paid them anything and to take it up with Groupon.. NIce!!! wouldn't step a foot in there even if they paid me. Whoever gave them 5 stars, probably works there. This day in age, customer service is everything and if an establishment is empty and looks like it's circa 1980... turn around and leave!
1	I did not visit this establishment so please take that into consideration. My review is strictly based on customer service over the phone during my intro call.  This review is for Phillip, the owner.I relocate every 3-4 yrs and have been to every major city and fortunate to have my tresses coiffed by some of the industry giants (Jose, Christophe, Fred...) to name a few and spent $350+ every 6 weeks for years.  Yes, I was a hair snob but at this point I know what I need from a stylist and not all the best work is the priciest. According to previous reviews on this site it appears Phillip believes himself an artiste and most (not all) great artistes come with attitude. That said, Phillip, you need to train your staff not to repeat what you say if you want to obtain new clients via the promotions you advertise.  And your promo needs to stipulate: "A stylist will be assigned to you".  At this point in my life I prefer to bond with a female stylist.  I was told only Phillip does Balayage. No problem, have not had this color treatment in years and I miss it. I asked the very youthful sounding receptionist if it was OK that I have my cut with another stylist and color w/Phillip.  She said "sure" and then "wait, let me check"...When she came back to the phone (after speaking with her boss) her reply was that "with the promo, you get who you get"  and picking your stylist is "for paying customers".  Is it just me or is that the epitome of rude?  Not her fault, she just parroted back what he told her.  I've never used a "promo coupon" before but seems everyone does these days so because the 1st cut is usually a disaster I thought I'd take a risk and hopefully be pleasantly surprised (based on some other reviews of Phillip's female counterparts I was hopeful to find a fit) especially since it's not far from my new home. Needless to say I'm back to my search and most likely paying full price.  Hair is as much a customer service biz as an artistic endeavor and I hope this serves to educate and causes no harm to any of the other stylists deserved of praise.  I too worked in a salon (front desk) in my early 20's and learned the graceful art of editing the stylists (sometimes awkward) remarks.  Oh well, back to the drawing board...
5	I tried Salon Charisma because of a Groupon Coupon. I read many bad reviews about them but wanted to give them a chance anyways. I am so glad I decided to do that. CK was my hair dresser for the day. She was very sweet. I wanted to have a different hair color which was not very easy so she got Phillip's opinion ( the owner) and worked really hard to please me. At the end my hair color came exactly the way I wanted. She also took more than hour to fix my haircut which was bad because of a prior cut by another hair dresser.  I think I finally found the hair salon I was looking for since my personal hair dresser moved out of town. Give them a chance I think you will not be sorry. ps: The salon and the toilet were very clean. I was offered a free bottle of water.
5	Purchased a groupon coupon to try this place out since it was so close to my house. From the outside it didn't look like much but when you walk inside WOW very upper class nice flooring, hair stations, lighting and relaxing music. The front desk staff was very nice offered water, coffee, tea. I had Phillip the owner do my hair. He was a very interesting person to get to know great conversationalist makes getting you hair done half the wait. What an honor to have the actual business owner of a hair salon do you hair not to mention a master hair designer that uses low ammonia hair dye imported from Italy. It is hard to find a good master hair designer in Vegas. I had my hair cut and colored blow dried and straightened. I was given a complementary neck and should massage by his assistant. My hair turned out amazing tons of complements when I left from family and friends. Thank you Salon Charisma my hair never looked this good your service is amazing I will definitely be back.
5	I have known Philip Amodei for many many years and like his work so much that I followed him from CA to Vegas.  There aren't too many true stylists left out there that care more about how you feel with the end result as he.  He is a true artist and I'm so thankful he still has the passion to do what he does so very well.  Don't let the unattractive surroundings fool you.  Once inside, you'll know your in a professional salon with an atmosphere geared to making you look your best!Thanks Philip!
1	I purchased a Groupon to get a cut and color here and it is the WORST salon I have ever been to. The place is drab and filthy. The stylist got water all over my face and ears when shampooing, left me under a dryer for an eternity, and then put a hair-filled cape on me when she finally got to cutting my hair. Will never go back.
5	I had a very pleasing experience with Salon Charisma. Staff is very friendly, hair cut by owner Philip was great, of a high quality. He is no doubt a professional and an artist.  I have long hair and I'm more on a conservative side, so I got the haircut I wanted, very classy layers on long hair. Plus a bonus, I got recommendations for the best authentic Italian food on town:) My only suggestion for this salon is to have a new eye catching signage on plaza billboard. I do my dry cleaning at the shop next door for years and have had no idea that this nice hair salon exists.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place...yes it is in a quirky little strip mall but the music is pretty relaxing and the people are great!!! Phillp has done my hair Twice i started with the groupon and the did my bangs sooooo well it was definitely a cut worthy of a hair magazine! I went a 2nd time to get my bangs recut again and got a bayalage!!! he took a few pictures gave me an awesome blow dry and put some curls in there for me! No brassyness in the color and always a great bang cut! Had to give him a hug after that! Love his hair cutting technique!
5	I was doing research and I wanted to try balayage, it was such a coincidence when I logged into groupon and found a deal for it. I was a bit nervous I've never ever left a salon happy with the results, but this place was very worth it. This man came and asked me a few questions and I told him I just wanted something more natural and right away they started with the process, they did such a great job, I left happy and it was a great deal.
1	Minus as many as I can minus!!!! Run from this poor excuse for a salon and the guy that runs it.... Doesn't have a clue, deliberately dyed my hair white when I complained and wanted a refund after he tried unsuccessfully to cover 1/2" roots... My mistake letting him talk me into a redo, he's either very malicious or just is so old he can't remember how to do the job.  Why would a guy touching up roots ask you if you would like the roots to match either the top or the bottom of your hair ?  should have left right then and there.... Silly me!
4	I like this salon. I convinced my mom to buy a Groupon so she could get a new look. My mom has been rocking the 80's blonde hair with bangs since I was a child, I'm now 24. Her stylist was great! She delivered the blow, softly, by telling my mom she wanted to try a modern look, code for "we need to get rid of the 80's style." Her stylist was very nice and professional. She convinced my mom to go a little darker, and the color came out great. She asked my mom a lot of questions on her needs and wants. She truly transformed my mom's hair. Recently, I brought my ten-year-old sister for a new style. She got bangs, which look great. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars, is because I requested a style my sister wanted, which was a rocker/emo cut, and the stylist's response was, "we don't do that  kind of thing, here, only classy styles," Wth? I just brushed it off, since we had already purchased the Groupon. Overall, I was very satisfied the first time coming here. Second time was okay.
1	Horrible. I've never argues with a stylist so much in my life. I came in and explain what I usually get done with my hair and I showed her pictures and everything but she fought with me every step of the way. I told her I wear my hair long and straight with side bangs and lots of layers. She told me that style is "so 80s" and she would show me how to wear it curly. I told her my hair is very thick and I at least needed it thinned and she again told me that volume looks better and it's sexier. She cut two little snips off the bottom of my hair, rubbed some gel into it, and said I was done. This place is great if you are looking for a "make over" or to change up your style, but if you are looking for a salon to go to that will maintain your current hair and listen to you and take into account what you want then this is not the salon for you.
5	To any one who says to the contrary, Philip knows exactly what he is doing. I tend to dislike my hair most of the time and I have spent a great deal of time and money trying to achieve what I want. Philip did an outstanding job and I have never been happier. He was great and his receptionist was also wonderful. Please please discount any bad review that you read on Philip or his salon. He takes his time to make sure that he is doing what you want and makes sure it's going to look great. Again never been happier and I can't wait to go out and show it off!!!!
5	Philipe did a great job on my hair. Very precise and professional. The salon is very clean and and the staff polite , I went in for a keratin treatment and was there for a few hours , I left with my hair exactly how I wanted it. Which is hard to say in Las Vegas lol. I'll definitely be back and recommend it to my friends and family !
5	Simply amazing!I found this salon on groupon and I'm so glad I gave it a chance! Phillip was amazing, very personable and professional. I got color and a cut and I walked out of the salon looking and feeling amazing! I will return!
1	Extremely unprofessional and rude owner. It's not my fault your business is failing. The first time I came he put all of my Bobbie pins in his mouth then into my hair, gross. Next he got so close to me that I felt his penis on my arm... This was disgusting and I felt awkward and uncomfortable. Then he threw a fit when I told him I had a Groupon.
