4	Came here for some Ice Cream on Saturday night.  Location is in a strip mall at the very end.  Location is open late, with a great selection of ice cream.  Staff was fun and friendly, and I will gladly return!
5	I love love love Baskin- Robins. Again another place i grew up eating ice cream at ever since in Elementary school so definitely over 15 years.  I love their two scoop ice cream sundaes with whip cream, hot fudge, almonds and cherry.  I typically always chose chocolate chip.  They make it super fast.  So if you ever want just regular ice cream and not yogurt i would go here.  I've also purchased ice cream cakes for birthdays and they are sooo good.
5	On a sunny, winter day, there's nothing like a scoop of Baskin-Robbins ice cream. Seriously so many flavors to choose from. Now they even have frozen/soft-serve yogurt.Two of my favorite flavors are World Class Chocolate (which I'll buy a pint or quart to go) and Mint Chocolate Chip.I wish they had more flavors in their pre-packaged section.The shop is clean and the workers here are pleasant.
4	The staff here are always cheerful and friendly, and while the items here are a bit pricey ($6 for a large smoothie or milkshake) you get your money's worth.
3	It's Baskin Robbins ice cream, what more could you ask for!  I would have given it five stars; but, I had my 4 year old with me and she had to use the bathroom and they wouldn't let her (employees only).  We had to go over to the Goodwill store.  For those of you with a toddler or a preschooler, you KNOW what a HUGE inconvenience that was.
4	I take my wife here from time to time. They re sherbet is my favorite. Little expensive but service is pretty good overall.
5	What can you love about an Ice Cream shop? A lot I say. This BR has a lot to love.It is nice and clean, there is a lot of parking in the lot.The staff is friendly and the Ice Cream is divine!Lots of flavors, lots of choices. It is an old favorite that just keeps going. Thank you for still being around after all these years.
4	Went here on a Tuesday night and it was pretty busy! Only downside is that they got rid of their outdoor seating.. Which left us to sit inside of the freezing icebox that is the seating area. Our ice cream was delicious though! I will be back very soon!!! The ice cream cakes are delicious and my go to for birthdays!
4	We got there in the knick of time on a Tuesday night. The location could use a major facelift, but it's friendly, prompt and has the nice student working the counter. And it's ice cream. 31 Flavors and all.
5	i love the banana royale...a sliced banana woth 3 scoops of ice cream topped with hot fudge whip and nuts.  the halloween.cakes look so cute and the manager Adrian is awesome!
4	I mean, the ice cream was delicious and there are certainly a variety of flavors but what is up with all the questions. Is this an interrogation or and ice cream order. It's a banana split, that's what I want, a normal banana split. Ok sure, people like to be able to customize, I get that but it was a menu item. It could have at least been delivered better, like maybe ask all the questions as you take my order rather than intermittently throughout the banana split creation process or, even better, would be to ask (yep, I'm suggesting adding even another question) straight out do you want the standard toppings. I would've said yes, had a much more enjoyable banana split experience, and saved a lot of time ranting about it on the internet.  I don't know, maybe it's just that people bug me. But yeah. The banana split was exceptional.
5	This was open until 10pm, woohoo!  It was nice and clean, plenty of parking.  The staff was super friendly and give us huge scopes.  I should have gotten 1 scope.  I got the nutty coconut and chocolate almond.  Just as yummy as I remember.
