4	The Quest for Righteous Skivvies...I'm a long-time shopper at Target (pronounced "tar-zhay", of course), but never have I had so many different storefronts to choose from as when living in the Phoenix metropolitan area. As a matter of a fact, I didn't even know this Target existed until I decided I needed to explore the hidden strip malls and unfamiliar terrain that is Gilbert.To no avail, I had already visited two other Targets to find more XL Champion long boxer-briefs, my newest discovery and must-haves for total workout comfort. See, I've always been kind of a fat boy, so my thighs rub together and chafe during sessions on the treadmill or when running. I thought I had conquered this nuisance by wearing compression (yes, spandex) shorts under my workout shorts, but that solution only predicated a new irritation... to my precious man-junk. The spandex shorts I was wearing have a longitudinal seam that acts as a crosscut saw on my satchel. It was becoming a huge deterrent to the frequency of my workouts, as it required a bit of recovery between sessions... and the application of a soothing salve.Target to the rescue! This Target store had a decent inventory of the prized undergarments I sought. It must be the superior engineering of the "tech performance mesh pouch" that has brought me (and my boys) enhanced comfort and ventilation. With fresh grundies in tow, I am now able to make the following pledge to my scrotum: "You, who have suffered so much for so long, shall no longer be mistreated by a poorly-engineered garment! For I have spared you from an inevitable shredding, in a cool, dry comfort fit and supportive environment. Never again will you suffer such agony, for the pouch art with you. Amen."
4	I've been shopping at Target for years, but just recently had the pleasure of discovering how easy it is to set up a gift registry.  If the store doesn't stock something that you want to add to your registry, it's really easy to add it online or via your smart phone.
4	Finding help is difficult sometimes here. This one is always clean, and for the menfolk, there is always "something to look at". Ahem. Just sayin'.
3	It's a Target. You know the drill. Clean, well stocked, good prices. I'm a regular.
4	Love the store sales and its always very organized. Only downfall is many tomes they do not have enough cashiers open or they wait LNG before opening more but otherwise a pleasure.  Also the customer service dept is quick and friendly with returns.
3	A little pricy but the scenery is better than the competitor..... No military discount boo hoo
2	We shop here all the time but today decided to use the pharmacy. This is exactly what happened. I walked up the to counter and tech says "who are you?" Me: "Kim". Tech: "what do you need?" I'm already irritated at this point. After I told her my daughter's name 4 times....yes, 4 times (with spelling and DOB), she finally got it. I worked for Target as a tech for 10 years before leaving and i can't believe that this is how they greet people now...it absolutely made me feel as if i was a bother. Seriously...if "who are you?" and "what do you need?" is the first thing that comes out of your mouth when serving a customer, i think a more thorough course in Customer Service needs to be reviewed.
