5	I am so glad I found this animal clinic.  Their prices are very reasonable.  The staff is friendly and engaging.  No office fee for vaccinations but during the visit they still take the time to examine your pet and ask if you have any concerns.  They are also open on Sunday mornings.  I thankfully haven't had to use their emergency service yet but it gives me peace of mind to know that they will meet me at their clinic close to my house instead of having to drive to Charleston Ave for an after hours vet that I am unfamiliar with.  I also tend to go without appointments and still get seen in a reasonable amount of time.
4	Our doggies Joey and Fred have been coming to Grand Montecito since it opened 3 years ago. We board them at the kennel about 3 times a year. The staff is very kind and considerate to our two dogs who are getting up there in years especially our geriatric cranky beagle. We are huge fans of doctor Lewis who has shown great compassion toward both our hound who is in the sunset of his life but also our family with 4 children for whom when the time comes losing their beloved dog they have grown up with will be very difficult. I know that when the time comes our children trust that Dr. Lewis has done everything he can to help this member of our family which will make saying goodbye just a little bit easier. Our family has the peace of mind that our pets are well cared for when we have to be out of town.
5	We have taken all of our pets to Grand Montecito Animal Hospital for one thing or another, and have been very happy with the level of care they provide.  We took advantage of their low-cost spay/neuter clinic for our male cat, Darwin, and he did great.  They include so much more than the other low-cost clinics, like pain meds and follow-ups. They have also seen our neurotic, anxious dog, Luckie.  Luckie has a bit of PTSD from her time in the big house, but they just loved on her and managed to quickly and easily give her the best nail-trimming she has ever had.  I also appreciate that the wait time is never long here, the facility is clean and attractive, and they are open all day Saturday and 8am-11am Sunday.  We have luckily never had to use their emergency services, but it really puts my mind at ease that they will meet me at the clinic at any hour to take care of my pets.
5	This is hands down the best Veterinarian Hospital in the 89149 zip code. Dr Bruce Lewis has always treated my pets like they were his own!
5	I'm not real fond of animal hospitals or how they're suppose to be, but this one is incredible. I only bring our puppy in sometimes when my wife can't, and it's never a hassle. They always make everything quick and painless, very affordable, and we're always out really fast. This is what the standard should be set on!
5	Honest, helpful, and wonderfully friendly. I am EXTREMELY picky when it comes to my pet's health care; these guys fit the demands perfectly. With a healthy range of practical experience and the new guys who are smart on the latest technology, Grand Montecito Animal Hospital is the place to go! My pup, Kirin, sees Dr Bivens and Dr Blue. Both are incredibly knowledgeable and approachable. I never feel intimidated or 'talked down to" here as I have felt at other Hospitals. They take great pride and care in giving your pet the BEST treatment possible. Dr. Lewis' knowledge base is invaluable! Dr. Blue and Bivens worked together to give Kirin the best options for her needs and did a wonderful job at fixing her entropion. I am so pleased with their skill and care.The office is always friendly and accommodating. Minette, Katie, and Gaby  are always there with a great smile and kind words.Kirin loves them all just as much as I do; her tail starts wagging like crazy as soon as we pull into the parking lot. That alone is probably the best indication of just how amazing they really are.
5	Can't begin to say how much I love the staff especially Dr. Aaron Bivens!! My puppy had changed vets and recently went for her last shots at flamingo pet clinic, a few hours later she went into shock and got very sick. My poor baby was rushed to the GMAH emergency and Dr. Bivens met us there in 10 minutes saved her like the big hero he is! She didn't want to leave the next day and the price was definitely reasonable for her life.
5	We've brought our dog here for his shots, appts, etc. since he was a puppy. We had an emergency trip out of town so decided to board our dog here. They gave us a tour of the kennels, explained everything as far as walks, how and when they will be fed, sleepy time, etc. I couldnt have been more pleased leaving my dog there. Each time I called to check on him they werent hesitant to give me updates. I would definetly recommend Grand Montecito to anyone. A special thanks to all of the Veternarians, Assistants, Front desk staff and Kennel techs. Thank you for providing a pleasant stay for our dog!
5	My puggy was not feeling too great after some excessive jumping and when she's in pain you know - she sits in a corner and shakes. This place had good reviews and a plus was they are open sundays so we shot over as soon as we could. We came in without a appointment and brought her into a waiting room.  The people there checked on us often, was really nice and apologetic about the wait.  It was understandable because there was a emergency situation going on with another pet and only one sunday vet....We waited a while but it was appreciated that the staff cared to check on us so it wasn't a negative.They took her back and did her vitals and checkup in the meantime. They came back to check on us and asked if we wanted her back or can she just stay with them. I've never been asked that actually, it was kinda nice but I let her stay there to be observed. Eventually the vet got into consulting about getting a xray done since he suspected hip dysplasia. He was unfortunately right.. He was very thorough about showing us the xrays, talked about treatment options and possible surgeries for the future if it becomes unmanageable with medication and supplements. Dr. Bivens definitely has been the first vet we've liked and clicked with so it was as pleasant as a vet visit for a sick pet can be. My girl was all wags and happy when she came back from the back so she feels comfortable there so it's a plus. The several staff members we dealt with were all really friendly actually from the front desk to the vet techs and the vet. The way they treated Jezzy also seems like they care...it's shocking how neutral or abhorred some people act at other practices. They are also available for 24/7 care. You can call their number and a vet will come meet you at the hospital. This is a plus since the closest emergency vet is far on Charleston. Prices weren't too bad for the visit, xray, 2 meds, a shot, and supplements. If you're a new client they are doing a free checkup offer on their site, so make sure to mention it. I'm picky but I think we found our vet officially for our 2 pugs and our cat! Nice staff, open 7 days a week, down the street from our house, emergency services - lots of pros to like.
4	Dr. Lewis and his staff are very compassionate about what they do here. My Grettle got sick and I rushed her here to be seen. I found out she had a tumor growing in her tummy and she was bleeding. Dr. Lewis was very thorough and answered the many questions I had. Unfortunately my Grettle did not make it--as devastated as I was, the staff still showed great care and provided me with as much time as I needed while I grieved..well almost. I deducted a star because a few minutes after my baby passed away, they were asking me for their money-which is sort of understandable since they had to get paid, but really? Besides all that, this a great facility to take your beloved pets to.
4	So I've only been here a couple times to pick up my besties kitty from being housed here.  Everything is always smooth, people are so friendly and the place is immaculate.  Everytime we have left, the girls make a big deal about saying good bye to the little guy.  Based on my friends love for this place I am definitely considering bringing my dog here.  She says they know her cat by name everytime she goes there.  Instant relief when you know your beloved pet is going to be loved and taken care of.  A definite must for animal lovers!
5	I have taken my dogs to Grand Montecito for years. While all the vets are nice Dr. Blue is by far the best vet in the practice. The hospital is well managed and the receptionist are super friendly. If you get a chance to request a vet, Dr Blue never makes you feel guilty if you opt out of blood work or a test. He is practical and I appreciate that!
1	Seemed to only be concerned about the money. The front desk staff was surly and snotty and really couldn't be bothered to even be polite. They hide and then over charge. When the staff checked me in and when checked out they spoke to me very little just to each other, whining about having to work Saturday.  No call about the test like promised and their "low cost spay and neuter" is almost 3x what other vets charge. And another  problem? Left me in waiting room that was not well organized for multiple animals but when finally got in the room? Vet had the worst hand shake of anyone I've met in years. It was like shaking a squishy dead fish. I won't ever be going back there. I'll just drive across town to see the vet I actually trust. Would NOT recommend! They also tried to hide how much the first set of puppy shots costs! Every other vet I called said between 20-35 for the first set. Them? $60! They are only about the money.
1	All about the money here:{ So sad they even charge you to be in the room if they have to put your pet down 'How sick is that' and they charge everyone who wants to be in the room while this happens' ... They make money off of you at one of the most heartbreaking times. You should be able to be w/your pet at this time to comfort them as they take there last breath''they take your last dime. Charging a family each a fee to be w/ there pet in the end.. How low can they go...
5	We have used this vet for shots and boarding. They are very friendly.  Our dogs always seem happy and well taken care of. I have nothing bad to say about them.
1	First off, Doctor Lewis is an upstanding veterinarian from what I have seen and experienced. He seems compassionate, thoughtful, and immensely professional. Not sure why he is at Montecito, but he would indeed be an asset to any group and you won't go wrong having him tend to your feline friend.With that being said, the rest of this outfit here at -- Grand Montecito Animal Hospital -- is a disgrace to animalkind. And they, naturally, are the problem (Dr. Lewis excluded).My experience was that of an emergency. And let me be clear: this review ... it really has nothing to do with money. I want to put that out there right after my initial disclaimer that this has nothing to do with Dr Lewis either. In fact, I specifically stated that they could do whatever it took and accepted the high-side estimate that was offered (they exceeded that contract -- without authorisation -- by the way). I signed the high-side and asked that they do all that they could. I thought the cat who I am currently pet to was dying. You can imagine how upsetting this could be and how much more pissed off one might get if they just so happen to mistreat this same cat while somehow -- not sure if this is even legal -- exceeding that high-side. Alright, this is what happened and you judge whether it warrants the 1*: Kitty was placed in a tiny carrier and left in that carrier for countless hours.The bandage on her lil' leg -- there to protect her wound from where she was IV'd -- soaked in urine. I am going to make the major assumption that she did not eat or drink anything during that whole time (is it worse if she actually was removed from the carrier to be fed and put back in there in that condition?).Now, there are several people I find fault in this; it is not just Grand Montecito Animal Hospital. It sorta boils my blood to actually reflect on it so I do not think I will write any more on this subject. I do not think any animal should be treated in such an atrociously despicable manner, especially when a friend of said animal is paying in excess of a thousand U.S. dollars to treat what turned out to be merely a case of constipation. There are other disturbing problems in this hospital that I will do my best to point out here: (a) a disturbingly gas-happy policy of superfluous, multiple use; (b) miscommunication and an inherent disorganisation that is detrimental to the well-being of the patients, as well as the continued dissemination of accurate information to their friends (some people refer to them as "owners"); and (c) a lack of accountability for fuck ups within the office. I would not trust this hospital -- even in the case of emergency -- and, I would recommend that neither should you. Thank you for reading; kitty is doing fine, really no thanks to the staff and preposterously, numerous unnecessary gassings from Grand Montecito Animal Hospital.  Career Tip: If you cannot handle dealing with animals, maybe this is the wrong line-of-work. Perhaps being a florist or some shit would be more suitable. Gas yourself. - E
5	The staff are very friendly, and everyone there treats my dog as if he's one of their own. He tends to get aggressive for shots and exams, but on our last visit, he didn't even cry out once! Kudos to the team at Grand Montecito Animal Hospital!
4	Outstanding and friendly staff; very customer oriented and always focused on our animals.  Our dog loves coming here and she is always well cared for.Reviewers who find problems with this hospital must be bringing their own issues here; we've been coming here for 7 years and they are not only a great facility but well situated and a benefit to the community
5	I love the staff here...from the techs to the vets...dr. Haddad and dr. Stolzer have been amazing with our babies. I wouldnt take them anywhere else
5	I've brought my dogs to this vet never believing they would be better than my last vet...well they are!  the place is always so clean, the prices are reasonable and the staff are always friendly and helpful.  Honestly, my biggest concern is always the cost of the procedures being done and every time they've quoted me a price it's always been reasonable and affordable.
4	Dr. Stolzer is amazing. All the hospital staff is very friendly. I love that they have 24 hour for emergencies. They are some what expensive but I will pay sine they take good care of my babies.
1	I will never bring my dogs here again. $142 to board my dogs for one night. I called and they said $33 for one night, which is reasonable.  Then I get there and there are things they charge for that are mandatory to have them boarded. Then they told me my dogs weren't up to date and that he need all these shots. I agreed and then talked to my previous vet (6 months ago) and they told me he was up to date. I called back and they told me they would take care of it. I picked them up today and they changed me the same amount and told me they "give the same shot more frequently." I will never go back to that place. Way to nickel and dime people and take advantage of someone when they have no time to find an alternative option! I can't imagine what they change someone for something substantial. Enjoy your extorted money from me because you won't get anymore from me ever again!
4	I have 3 dogs and 3 cats that I have been bringing here for years.  The staff is very friendly and they always squeeze me in. I never make appointments. I just show up.  The prices are a bit high but they are a for profit business and I understand that animals cannot tell them what is wrong so they have to use sophisticated tests to figure it out.  I'm not sure what some of the other reviewers were talking about as far as each person being charged to watch your pet being put to sleep. I will have to ask about that.
4	Decided to change vets and took a chance on this one. I was very pleased. We had a 3 hour wait because of an emergency but Dr Lewis took great care of our dog and was so friendly. I will be bringing all my pets here. The staff is great!
4	My dog needed an emergency surgery and they told me to leave the dog and they'll take care of it in 15-20 mins. That was like 9 am, when I called later around 5:30pm to go check on my dog no one answered my phone and I received a call around 6:15pm that my dog was just taken in for surgery. I was furious because she needed urgent attention in the morning but I think they forgot about her. But this hospital gets 4 stars because she did a great job on the stitches. I was impressed and happy that my dog is back home and paying and jumping around like before :) a little expensive I thought but aren't they all???
5	Just went here with my dog that had a paw injury. Dr bivens was very nice and the clinic was really clean. Great experience.
