3	I'm a bit torn in scoring here so I'm just going to list some positives/negatives. Positives 1. There are few other nail/spa pedicure/waxing places in the area. (Though one is going in just down the street.) 2. Their prices are less than some places I've been in more competitive parts of town. 3. It looks very clean 4. While I hear the typical "talking" to each other, I don't hear so much that sounds like they are actively making fun of the clients, which is a nice change. Negatives 1. Because there is nothing else in the area, I've had to wait a few times - though even this isn't too bad. 2. This is really my #1 and main problem with them.  Man - I almost hate to say this, but speaking a certain level of English is pretty important when you are trying to explain things like, "That tingles more than normal" or even to ask for certain services.  It took 3 people to understand the first time I wanted a "brow wax" - and it's listed on a sign in the front window.  Then - on my 3rd Brow wax there, English took on a stronger meaning.  I explained to the girl how I wanted it, "Thick, very thick", even using my fingers to show BIG in case there was a question as she also had to get someone else to understand why I was there. She said, "Yes.  Yes.  I understand.  Yes."  I ended up with thin, very thin. She offered to take more off it it would make me happier.  These are important distinctions. I felt a bit like an alien. So while I won't be going there again for awhile, it's not a bad place at all.  Just make sure the person helping you is TOTALLY clear on what you want and I'm sure you'll be fine.
1	If you want a cheap, crappy nail job go to Van's. Complain all you want. It can hurt from to much filing, they can leave bubbles in your nails, and they can file them square when you want them round.. What can you do about it? Nothing.. Unless you speak their language, which I unfortunately did not. (Yes I'm another dumb American).There are thousands of jobs that do not require one to speak English, but I do not feel this is one of them. Communication is key in the service industry. They seriously brought tears to my eyes 3 times and my nails looked horrible. I will not return.
2	Went there twice, first time wasn't that bad, but the second time, went off on the owner.  Pedicures aren't that great, they are just kinda eh.  And they, like most of the places in Phoenix, nickel and dime you...oh, you want...$5.   The only good things about this place is the guy that works there, he is pretty good, and the powder or one of the powders they  use doesn't lift as much as other places.  But the girls that work there aren't very good.  I had lots of bubbles and some of my nails already looked like I was needing a fill.  And the owner was extremely rude. When I told her about my complaints she blew me off and wouldn't fix it and I still had to pay.  I also told her about my favorite place for pedi s, which is in Surprise, and what they did for what cost, she told me I was lying and that no one did spa pedicures with salt and hot towels and massaging for $20.  So I told her that neither me nor my friend would ever be back!
1	Eff this place. Worst. nails. ever.Sloppy and over priced. Ps- the 10% percent off sign they fly 12 months a year is a big ol' sham.
1	I went to Van's to get a gel manicure on a Friday. The polish was so cheap that she literally had to put 6 to 12 coats on each nail.  I had to keep placing and removing my nails out of the dryer. My fingers were burning from the light and turning numb. My nails started to chip and peel 4 days later. I thought gel manicures were suppose to last 2 weeks. I could have done my own shitty nail job at home.
1	Today isn't my day for for a mani ... This place is THE worst place ever in PHX for a mani ... Like. EVER.Ended up here on a whim. I have had the worst luck in PHX for finding manis that last.. work.. and don't chip after a few days. JUST when I think I find one.. Some failure hits. We just were driving, my friend and I on a Friday and ended up here. No rhyme. No reason. That is probably the reason that it all went down in a big.fat.fail. The lady I got on first notice was completely rude. I should have in hindsight.. just said.NO.Thanks. But no. I am always the optimist for a good ending. I also always think it maybe me.. AM I doing something to offend her? My face? MY look? Zip it in Kimberly, I tell myself. So she starts to take off my gel.. says something in her language to herself and walks off. She is gone for a good 7-10 minutes. I am seriously on a time crunch on this day. I don't have time for her to just leave me half gell'ed! When she returns she tells me that my acrylics under the gel are a 'mess'.. though they aren't. I have had my short acrylics (I use only to protect my base nail from breakage on planes) for awhile.. I know when a new set is needed due to lifting or cracking or whatever and when I don't . I tell her I just want a fill. Simple. Just a fill and gel french manicure. Please. Thank You. She gets up and leaves yet again! This time for another 7-10 minutes. I am seriously so confused. My friend has opted to just get a new set of nails but hers are in seriously bad shape. She is almost done and her mani is more involved than mine! My lady returns. Now I tell her I am in a time crunch. She snappily replies that 'I am making it hard for her because my nails are 'bad'.. '.. I have no idea what she is talking about! She made me feel like Honey Boo Boo's mom! Cmon!! 30 minutes later now I have my nails done.. but I notice that one nail is badly mangled.. she has slapped on white polish on the end and failed to file it down. It's just awful. I think if I should say anything. BUT then I think, 'I have to.. this is my $$'.. I tell her.. and she huffs.. leaves YET again.. 5-7 minutes.. and comes back.. files it down.. with 2 more I point out. I still leave with a awful, unfiled looking rough french manicure.. for the cool cost of $28 .. fill.. gel .. french. manners not included. Today I have a hang nail and its been since last Friday. My friend, however.. had a very sweet manicurist and her nails look beautiful. Her cost; $35  There are better and nicer salons SOMEWHERE out there.. My goal is still to find one!
1	I've been here multiple times, trying to like vans only because of the convenient location. Every time I have been to this location the staff has been regularly rude. They always do a bad job, but you get what you pay for. Prices are cheaper than most salons but that must be for a reason. Last time I went they basically ignored me and talked about me in their language when I tried to clear up a price confusion. I would not recommend this place to anyone.
4	I've been coming here on and off for about 2 years. In those 2 years I have learned from my experiences here: MAKE AN APPOINTMENT with Van (the owner). There are two other employees who I have not had the chance to work with but it probably won't ever happen. Van is very precise and detailed with her work. She does not like sloppy work so if you do go and you're not happy: make sure you let her know. I had one guy do my gel acrylics and we were sitting right next to her. She kept eyeing his work and was not happy, she then took over and finished on me. I haven't had a bad experience with pedicures, as far as having any other worker do them. But when it comes to my hands and facial wax, I definitely will only go to Van.
1	First time here and it will be my LAST!!!! Worst pedicure of my life... I even paid extra for special services and I was in and out with in 20 minutes!!! I don't know about you but I look forward to getting my occasional pedicures... It's "me" time and I enjoy the pampering... Very disappointed especially when the place was empty.... No reason to rush... My 4 yr old niece does a better job! Sloppy job... I could only imagine the service when they are busy!!! I wouldn't even give them a star
4	This place isn't bad!  Give it a shot- at least for pedicures.  The bad Yelps deterred me for a long time but I keep passing this place during Sunday errands.  How convenient it would be!  & Phoenix nail places are all closed Sundays.  I finally went today & got a pedi.  $20 & it was good.  It's no spa experience... But sometimes I need a quickie/ cheaper pedicure.  Horrah!  Now I have a spot.
1	I went here yesterday to get a full set... Worst salon experience I have ever had! An Asian guy did my nails & he did them so HALF ASS & in a hurry! He cut my cuticles several times on different fingers that still hurt really bad today. The whole time my fingers were burning! After he applied the acrylic he made me pay which I was super pissed about that he didn't even give me a discount knowing he cut me. Then when he was done he just got up & started doing someone else's nails at a different station. Didn't even tell me he was done or helped me carry my things to the UV lamps to dry... I sat there for a lil bit then I asked him "am I done" & he gave me a stupid look & said "yes yes go". I then went & sat myself at a uv lamp for about 10mins. When I looked at my nails some of the paint had bubbled up & dried so horribly! My nails are so ugly & none of them are the same length! This experience was so awful I will never go there again or even acknowledge it when I drive by!
