5	Jonathan and his crew did all of the hardscape and landscape around my pool and spa area.  Fantastic job and a fantastic work crew.  Very professional and detailed.
5	I wanted to replace my front lawn with synthetic grass so I found Greenline Landscaping and I was very pleased with the service they provided. Since I was replacing real grass with synthetic grass, I qualified for a rebate from the water company. So Greenline took care of all the paperwork for me which was awesome! They even charged me the after rebate price, so I didn't have to pay the higher amount and wait for the rebate check to come in the mail. This made it extremely convenient for me. The staff is also very helpful and professional as well. They responded promptly to emails, and they also even contacted my HOA for me when needed. Jonathan and his crew worked very efficiently and got all the work done in one day. I'm very pleased with my new front lawn which looks great.
2	Our experience with Jon and his staffs are mixed. It started really well. We thought Jon was very organized and explained things thoroughly. So we picked his Co. after considering other options. From there, it kinda went downhill. He got upset cuz we didn't sign the contract when we ask him to come back to go over stuffs. Didn't tell him we were going to sign the contract that day and we did end up signing w him. Wished he'd be more patient. According to him, the computer design process was pretty complex and would take a lot hours so we waited over a week. The design was no more than a simple computer layout, which seemed very elementary. And I know it didn't take long (less than 10 min.) to adjust the design while we were there, so it really can't be all that "complex." I had way more complex and detail computer drawings from other companies. When the guys came to start working on the yard, there was a HUGE discrepancy from what we talked about and what the guys were told by Jon to do. We made it clear to him what we wanted and never changed the idea about putting pavers under the existing patio. Jon "accused" us of deleting the idea and he said it was totally our fault for the "misunderstanding." We ended up sacrificing on our other areas cuz we really wanted pavers under the patio. We proceeded with the work and his "foreman" didn't quite listen or understand what to do. We had to re-plant cuz many plants weren't lined up properly and walkway area came out way too straight than the "curve" we asked for. We just modified to straight pathway which we are glad in hindsight. Overall, the work came out quite good but we have reservation about recommending Jon. We didn't even bother to call him back when his worker supposed to come back and glue the planter-rocks together as he promised the following day. He also said he'll drop by for a follow-up inspection, which he never showed up or called. Our job (approx. $4000) was a "small" job and he made sure we understand it's a "small" job. Didn't feel he appreciated our business! X(
