3	No reviews for a busy Starbucks inside the Green Valley at Horizon Ridge Parkways Target? There is one now.  Actually this review is overdue. I am such a Starbuck"s and coffee shop fan that the "S" in my profile name could stand for Starbucks.  This is one of a handful of Starbuck's that I regularly visit. It is in a relatively new and clean Target, and shares a shopping center with New York Chinese Restaurant and Petco which I patronize. Not to mention it is near my house.   In name this location is a Starbuck's. But in reality it is a glorified Target department. The Starbucks card is not accepted here. There are less pastries than the corporate owned stores. And I don't even think that the employees here are called baristas. I noticed that the dude who served my coffee later served my fountain soda at the snack bar. But whether it is Target or Starbuck's owned, they serve the same premium coffee based beverages at similar prices.  The issue with this location is that it will get busy and one poor associate has to perform miracles to serve a long line of people. If it wasn't pumpkin spice season, I probably would have thrown in the towel and walked across the parking lot for a cup of coffee in Layer's Bakery. Anyway, I want to give a shout out to Maria for handling a long line of customers by herself and joking around with them. The advantage of this Starbuck's is the sundry of tables. What I appreciate is that some of the tables are large and there is sufficient lighting. Not once have I had to delay time for an available table. This makes me relaxed, and when I am in that state I might buy more things at Target.  I so don't see myself buying a coffee machine soon. And forget about instant coffee. But I clearly see myself continuing to visit Starbuck's to perk up with caffeinated beverages in a relaxing environment. With that said,  my check-ins will continue in the Green Valley at Horizon Ridge Parkways Target Starbuck's and a grande number of others.
2	Probably in the top 3 worst Starbucks I've ever came across. I live across the street from Target and I love to get me some Starbucks when I go for a small shop, however every time I have ever came here my drink was made completely wrong. But that's honestly not the even the worst issue I've seen here. Their customer service skills are THEE worst I have ever seen. The girls who work there are so depressing to even approach. I don't know if they're not getting paid enough or what, but sheesh would it hurt to smile a little? Not a single employee has ever said "thank you" or "have a nice day". They don't personalize with you, along with never asking your name for your drink(s). There is one lady there who does have good personalizing skills, she's an older lady, with dark hair, she's a kind person. But she talks TOO long to the customers she's most familiar with. She ends up creating a long line due to her personalizing skills. But hey at least she smiles, unlike the other employee's (it's only because of her I rate them 2 stars). I've given this Starbucks multiple chances at redeeming themselves and I've simply had enough of me wasting money on drinks they can't even make correctly. I will no longer order from this pathetic excuse of a Starbucks unless they are retrained on how to make a cappuccino.
4	This location is located just inside of Target.   It was later in the evening that I was in need of my caffeine.   The girls working here were great!  They were quick to take my order and quick to make my drink.  I had noticed that their dessert case was a little more than half empty.  I wasn't in need of one but just in case someone wanted something, there was little to choose from.In a previous review it was said they didn't accept their gift cards but I asked anyway.  There wasn't any issue taking it which made me happy.   I'm assuming they had updated their systems.  Since I'm usually shopping at Target, it makes it really convenient for me for a quick stop on my way out.   Win Win!
1	The absolute worst Starbucks!  The girls behind the counter are clueless and don't care about the customers at all.  The blond girl today was a total ditz.  If you are desperate for a coffee go across the parking lot.  Don't wait for this place.
