5	Koltton and his staff are AWESOME!  The best facial I have ever experienced and the prices are amazing!  It is perfect for those who choose not to spend enormous amounts of money at pricey Hotels and spas.  Koltton is very professional and highly sincere.  For a men's facial (which is about 1 hour long), you can expect to pay about $70 depending on how much your skin is in need of attention and the type of facial you choose.  There are extras included, one of which utilizes these heated pads prior to the massing of special oils into your aching feet and hands.   Scalp massage and even a little reiki complete your facial-Heavenly.  There are many other services offered and Koltton says he will wax anything!  Okay!  May I just point out the men's nose wax.  Yes, I know.  Having hot wax placed up your nostrils and then yanked out sounds sort of UN fun, but the results are incredible!  No more itchy nose. It takes just a few minutes and costs only $8.  What a screamin' deal!  It really does not hurt that bad.  Now eyebrows are another thing....Ouch!
5	Koltton Fox is a great technician.  I've been going to him for waxing for years. He is maticulous and is a true expert - he's also a really nice guy. His website makes it easy to schedule an appointment and he's always on time. I've referred family and friends to him and no one has ever been disappointed.  I've also had a facial and it was well worth the price.  I highly recommend Koltton.
5	I've been going to Koltton for close to 10 years and he is hands down THE BEST!! You can not get a better brow wax from anyone - he's a perfectionist and so meticulous. Facials are awesome too. He really takes his time and pampers you - hand and foot massage while your mask is on. I've been to tons of nice spas around the world and he has always been my favorite. You will not be disappointed with any service you get from him!
5	Koltton is an eyebrow genius.  I read about him on InStyle magazine, yes the InStyle you are thinking about.  For the past two and a half year, I have not allowed any one to touch them, but Koltton.  I had a facial last week and the aesthetician said, "do you wax your brows".  I knew she wanted to do them, but I kindly explained to her that there is only one person who does mine.  Koltton will take up to 25 minutes to make sure they are looking their best.  This reminds me, I need to make my next appointment.
5	I am updating this review because I just wanted to share the info.  Koltton gave me lash extensions a few weeks ago, OMG, they were amazing.  I have had them before and they usually takes me a few days to get used to them.  Not this time.  They were light and amazing.  I showed them to several people who had done them before and they were so impressed.  He put two rows, since  I wanted them to look longer, but not full on Kardashian.  They looked so nice.
5	I have been using Koltton for years, hands down he is the best brow waxer I have ever used.  His attention to detail and care is bar none.  I have been to him for facials as well and his facials are fabulous, moisturizing, relaxing and great value.  I highly recommend Koltton for all of his services - you won't be disappointed.
5	I have been seeing Koltton for about five years. I absolutely adore this man!! When you walk in to his salon, it literally is like entering another world. His professional demeanor and care to detail, as mentioned by others is absolutely impeccable.I have never left his presence not feeling better about myself and the way I look. How a waxing or masque treatment can make that much difference is amazing. And it's not just the obvious, I look better now, that I am talking about. My mind has been cleared. The fact that I no longer feel like Sasquatch is just a benefit.If you have any needs whatsoever, his services are vast. Please call Koltton if you have any personal needs that you don't dare attempt when a true professional is available.
5	I'm a freak when it comes to my eyebrows. I went to the same gal in LA for 9+ years and I had a hard time finding someone who really knows what they're doing. And he's right here. Koltton is a freaking artist. He really took the time to figure out what shape I wanted and he created a masterpiece. I'm coming to Scottsdale for Thanksgiving and I've already booked an appointment for when I'm home.
