2	This location isn't consistent. Sometimes our service/order filled/etc. will be perfect.Other times.... it leaves a bad taste in our mouth when we're driving awayThere is one lady that works at the drive thru that is so rude. I can't stand it. When we ask for condiments (ketchup or honey mustard..whatever) she always looks at us like we are aliens and gives us ONE. There are two of us and I'd like more than one packet of ketchup for my fries. And then when we ask for more than one she rolls her eyes and makes it a big deal.  I'm not asking you to stock my refridgerator up...I just want to eat my fries with a couple packets of ketchup, preciate it. The other morning they forgot my whole order and my boyfriend had to go back and get it. I'm not a fan. If they were not so convenient then I'd probably never go back...but they're so damn close.
1	This location is pretty much an accurate reflection of most of the MdDonalds in South Charlotte.. The associates are rude, the management is indifferent, the orders are wrong 80% of the time, and above all no one cares...  If you want the wrong order, old old coffee, and drive through people who are more interested in texting and talking to the guy in the back go to this location...
1	The associates are slow and rude. One time I ordered a bacon ranch salad with ranch dressing, got home, they gave me some north western I don't even know what it was crap. Go back ask politely for a packet of salad ranch dressing, because "you gave me the wrong one I requested". She says "what kind of dressing did we give you?" I said "ma'am idk it was not ranch though" so she tries to give me ranch dipping sauce and the manager finally hands me the dressing I want. I just felt like I was being questioned. I do not need free packets of dressing, but I do want the kind I ordered. On several occasions before and after this incident I have experienced slow service, incorrect orders given to me, and extremely poor customer service. They should have people with some decency working there. I know it's McDonalds but as Si would say, good-NESS!
