4	So I haven't been able to find these guys on Yelp, so I'm adding them.  They are all over the Phoenix valley from the standard Food Truck nights down at the Phoenix Public Market to what seems like weekly food truck events popping up in Scottsdale, Mesa, Chandler...you name it.I first tried them about a month ago on a Wednesday night at the Phoenix Public Market.  Wrapped with the guy a bit of how crazy the Scottsdale Street Eats was and that we got tired of battling for parking and turned away.  But I was glad I finally got to plate up.Did it simple and just picked up a huge pork bbq sandwich smothered in coleslaw.  There was no way to eat this thing with my hands.  Luckily it is served with handy to-go fork and I sat down to dig in.  Massive sandwich for less than $8 and worth every penny.Track them down at any of the events in the valley.  There is another Food Truck Festival tonight at the Phoenix Public Market if you're looking to track them down. Or find them on Twitter http://twitter.com/QupBBQ
5	Tried their food last night at First Fridays, and I'll definitely be seeking them out again in the future. I got the BBQ nachos, and my boyfriend got the tacos. The nachos were incredible. Served on the heartiest tortilla chips I've ever had, which prevented any soggy nacho situations from happening. They had big, delicious chunks of tomatoes, and no shortage of pulled pork & cheese. The tacos were also delicious. They have the southwest slaw on them, which I definitely think I'll be ordering as a side next time I visit. Extremely friendly people working, great food, cheap prices. What more could I ask for? Highly recommend.
4	Been meaning to try this food truck ever since spotting it at the ill-fated Street Eats Food Truck Festival at Salt River Fields back in January 2012. Alas, long lines and a thousands of other hungy people conspired to keep me apart from Q Up Barbeque. This is why I was thrilled to see them at the New Times Friday Food Truck Court (at 12th Street and Jefferson in Phoenix) for lunch.I tried the BBQ shrimp tacos, which were flavorful and rustic, tucked into slightly charred corn tortillas (2 for $7). I also picked up an item to share with my lunch companion, whom I had sent on a mission to procure Japanese/Mexican fusion tacos (see my review for Shinobu Diego's). That item was the BBQ Pork nachos, which included slow-cooked pork served over house-made (or truck-made, as was the case here) tortillas.I consider Q Up BBQ a great addition to the Phoenix food truck landscape and will look for them again at future outings for tasty grub.
5	I love me some food truck fare and Q Up Barbeque did not disappoint! They were one of four food trucks waiting to feed hungry runners at the end of a race downtown Phx and once we saw BBQ shrimp tacos on the menu we knew which line to stand in for our post-race pigout.We ordered the shrimp tacos (of course) and the shredded pork nachos. Both were outstanding. The shrimp was in a spicy BBq sauce and topped with a sweet, cool slaw that was a nice contrast to the hot sauce. The tortillas were nice and fresh.The nachos were huge and exceptionally good. The chips were made from actual tortillas, not just some Tostitos chips out of a bag. The portion of shredded pork was plentiful and the nacho cheese sauce was actually a nice touch. You'd think it would make then funky but it totally worked. Grab a fork though, these nachos are messy. In a good way!The only bummer is that it's a food truck so we can't go back and get more whenever we want! I will be on the lookout for this truck at future events for sure so I can get my nacho fix!
5	The management company that manages the office building I work in has been arranging for a different food truck to come out during lunch hours the last couple of weeks. I have tried them all and haven't been disappointed yet..and today wasn't an exception.We started out with samples of brisket and pulled pork topped with slaw. I have to say the brisket was one of the best I have ever, ever had. It was juicy and tender with a hint of smoke, just the way I like it. The sauce was sweet & spicy. The slaw on the pork was fresh with the addition of sweet red peppers and green onions, the dressing had a little bit of a kick. Torn, I opted for the pulled pork nachos, the thought and concept was a little foreign to me at first but they intrigued me. Where to start. The thick corn chips were freshly fried, nothing bagged about these chips. The cheese sauce was pretty standard gooey cheese. The pork was flavorful and the fresh tomato chucks and green onions where a nice touch. My only complaint was that they had a little too much BBQ sauce on them for my liking. The chips stayed crisp and firm even the ones on the bottom. Highly recommend.A co-worker had the pulled pork sandwich combo. The sandwich was served on a fresh hot dog style bun, which we found a little odd, but after much thought we came to the conclusion that if the sandwich would have been on a regular round roll it would not have been so easy to eat. It came with seasoned fries, which she said more than likely came frozen and could have been left in the fryer just a touch longer. She enjoyed the meat & slaw and said she would order it again.Another co-worker had the 2 pork tacos. Basically the same as the sandwich only served on 2 awesome homemade corn tortillas. She loved it. We all loved our meals and  the value was great, the food was flavorful and plentiful. My $7 nacho easily could have fed 2 people.Next time I have to have that brisket. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND Q-UP. And I have to say when the family & I are in the mood for BBQ I am going to have to go out of my way hunt them down.
4	The bbq nachos are delicious!I've had a couple different varieties, one pork and one chicken. Each time the nachos were LOADED with really delicious toppings and a generous amount of well cooked meat. I've yet to try anything other than nachos from this truck, but if everything else is as good as they are, I would have no problem calling this place one of my favorite food trucks!
5	HOW DID I NOT KNOW ABOUT THIS GUY BEFORE.A couple of my coworkers invited me to walk down the block to check out a food truck that had arranged to be in the neighborhood today and let's say I am glad I went.Q-UP does everything homemade and it is all amazing. The owner was extremely polite and friendly; and I ordered the BBQ Nachos and a side of the Macaroni.The macaroni had homemade cheese and was full of big chunks of smoked bacon. The owner suggested putting some of their BBQ sauce on it too, which was definitely good advice. This was the best mac and cheese I have ever had.Then came the nachos, handmade chips with pulled pork, nacho cheese, tomatoes, green onions, and topped with their homemade sauce.I've never had a plate of nachos more heavenly. I don't know if BBQ sauce makes everything better or if it's just this guy's. He does tacos too, but I wasn't able to try them today...next time.My buddies and I ordered some of the smoked sausage though as an aftertought with their mustard BBQ sauce, and he gave us a sample of the brisket to try as well.I am elated with the quality, I've never been big on street food before, but I am a believer now.The best part? It's priced right. The mac and nachos together cost me ten bucks even, and the nachos were a nice big portion. He takes plastic also, so don't sweat the cash thing. For a food truck in the days of $5+ hot dogs, a ten spot goes a long way at Q-Up, I was impressed.If this guy is in your neighborhood, make the trip. I was told he announces where he'll be on Twitter so you can stalk him, I mean, follow him.Great stuff!
5	Q Up is the bomb I need to say no more.  Today two of my coworkers and I went to check the Q out as the truck was about a block away from our office.  The Food:Pulled Pork Nachos:  Homemade tortilla chips, fresh smoked pulled pork, nacho cheese, green onions, tomatoes, and homemade BBQ sauce.  Bacon Mac and Cheese:  It describes itself all homemade and smoked and then we topped it off with homemade BBQ sauce.  WOOOOOOOOOW it was delicious.  We also sampled smoked sausage and brisket both with a mustard bbq sauce and both were stellar.  This guy is LEGIT he makes killer fusion food that will leave you so full because you can't stop eating it's so good.  Follow him on twitter to find where he will be: @QupBBQ
5	Well not much to update here it's still damn good and it's only been 5 days since last visit.  Today I had:Pulled Pork Sandwich with Southwest Slaw and mustard bbq sauce.  It was amazing the slaw alone was outstanding but then pile it on top of a mound of smoked pork goodness and top it all off with tangy sweet sauce and you got yourself a winner.  I also had a side of bacon mac and cheese obviously it is a must and it was just as amazing as last week.  Best thing is he is going to be by my job in two days with fresh brisket : ) I can't wait.
4	I am saving a star.. It could have been the sun stroke or just that it was new to me but the pulled pork was a little mushy. The flavor was there, the sauce was great... hmmm just something not perfect. Speaking of perfect... get the mac n cheese with bacon... that was good. I did sample some brisket.. maybe I need to go that route. It was very good.
4	Mmmmm, Finally hit the food truck gathering and tried this place. I am a fan. I had the bbq pulled pork sandwich and the mac and cheese bites. Yummy. The pors was not dry and covered in bbq sauce like most places to it. It was juicy and tender. The mac and cheese bites were yummo as well, Totally a fan. I would have this place again.
4	This is not your typical food truck but a barbecue heaven on wheels!
5	My favorite food truck in AZ. Love the loaded nachos, love the bacon green chile mac. I'm grateful we can have such amazing food on wheels!
4	Originally, I was going to try another food truck last Wed at the ASU food truck party (mostly because I was wearing white and white clothes + BBQ dont entirely mix), but when I saw Q Up's tweet about their special of the day, I was in.I had the special (smoked potato and bacon soup) and the mac and cheese. The soup was sooo good. I couldnt really taste the smoke, but the cheese and scallions added some delicious layers of flavor. The mac and cheese was kind of a disappointment, but like any mac and cheese lover, Im willing to give it another shot.Im excited to actually try their BBQ next time (update to come)!
4	Good option for lunch, but not my favorite barbeque (although I'm from TX so the standard is high). I ordered the two meat plate for $10 which came with pulled pork, brisket, and choice of side. I picked mac and cheese for my side and loved it, it had a tiny biy of a spicy kick to it. Brisket was juicy and the right amount of fatty, althoguh I did get one end piece which was dry. The pulled pork was my least favorite part of the meal. I would definitely try this place again.This food truck parks in front of the Dept of Corrections building on Washington St. on Tuesdays and sometimes Thursdays.
5	This is better than any food truck I've ever eaten at, and most BBQ restaurants for that matter! In addition to the sandwiches, loaded nachos, etc. they offer straight up plates of meat with sides. I'm a big fan of the plates because I don't really care about the bun. I've yet to find a side that isn't totally delicious. Even the coleslaw tastes great, and I usually hate coleslaw!The people here are super friendly and attentive. In the months I've been going I've never once seen them mess up an order! When you see these guys around, get excited. It's amazing and cheap local BBQ!
3	Whenever I see this food truck, I always think how delicious some BBQ would be. They have tantalizing options such as meat plates, grilled cheese, and nachos. Well, I finally got to try it at the Food Truck Pork Battle a few months back. I'm glad I finally did just to sate my curiosity! The pulled pork and BBQ sauce were good - not my favorite but still tasty (Campfire Bistro is my current fav). I think the sauce could have used more of a kick or smokey flavor. My meal came with one side, so I chose the bacony mac and cheese. Everyone else seemed to be enjoying the mac and cheese, but not me. It had penne noodles that were too thick and didn't hold the cheese well. The cheese sauce was also a bit thin. Overall, it seemed like it had been made in a large batch and had been sitting out under a heat lamp for a while. Overall, it wasn't my favorite. I might try it again, since I see them so often, but who knows. Everyone else seems to really enjoy it, so I'll just have to try something different next time!
5	Q Up makes exceptionally tasty BBQ. Their Gangsta Grilled Cheese has become my Wednesday go-to: it's a sloppy, barely-containable mess of brisket, melted cheese, their great homemade BBQ sauce, and their homemade mac 'n cheese, all served up on a great sourdough.Their hand-cut fries are a perfect addition (though their tortilla chips are really great too) and I'm finding it nearly impossible to pull myself away from Q Up to any of the other food trucks. The wait is never that bad, even with a bit of a line, and you never go away hungry. Q Up isn't just "good as food trucks go." It's absolutely fantastic BBQ, great sauce, great meat, and insanely flavorful, if a bit damaging to the heart and waistline...
5	Fantastic!! I really like the barbeque sauce - not too tangy with just the right amount of sweetness. The pulled pork is fantastic - and when I pulled myself away from it - the beef was equally good! The portions are generous and the people who run the truck are always pleasant and accommodating.
5	All you need to know about this truck: MAC N' CHEESE!!! Bacon, cheese...what more can you ask for!I had the opportunity to try this truck at the Las Vegas Foodiefest, amazing! The food was delicious and the staff was so nice! I am so glad they made the trek up from Phoenix. We definitely can't wait to have them back in Vegas soon!nom nomm!
4	Tried Q Up at the Las Vegas Foodie Fest.  We got the Gansta Grilled Cheese and our friends got the BBQ Nachos.  Both were really good.  The Gansta Grilled Cheese was brisket, bacon mac and cheese, and bbq sauce on grilled sourdough.  Super yummy, messy goodness.  Service was fast and friendly.  Will def hit this truck up when in Phoenix.
4	Had the pleasure of trying this food truck at the Las Vegas FoodieFest. There wasn't a long line, the food came out quickly and the staff was friendly. That as well as their Gangsta Grilled Cheese (grilled cheese with barbecued brisket, bacon and Mac and cheese!) had me there twice. If I ever see them around again I certainly will be getting another!
4	I just ate from Q Up Barbeque for the first time and I loved the quality and amount of food they had on the Three Meat Platter.  The Bacony Mac N Cheese was delicious and their BBQ sauce is definitely one of my favorites.  I'll be keeping an eye on this truck as they move to different events in the valley so I can try some of their other items.
5	WOW!I love this Food Truck!  Devin & Cat are everything you hope to encounter when walking up to a food truck for the first time.  A real 'small business', eat local type feel and the warmth you would expect from a family run business.On to the food:I have only eaten 1 item from Q Up...  and as far as I am concerned it could be the last thing I ever eat in my life!  This sandwich is RIDICULOUS...The Gangsta Grilled Cheese could quite possibly be the best sandwich ever created.  It includes ingredients like BBQ, Mac & Cheese, and Sourdough.  Need I say more?  Anyone who doesn't like this meal is crazy!  Also worth mentioning that the BBQ alone is top notch.  The sauce is perfectly balanced and the meat is so tender and delicious I think it might be made from unicorns.I could go on and on about how much I like the experience from Q Up but am getting hungry and they are not out right now...I am a bit of a Food Truck Junkie and tend to be a bit critical... Q Up Passed with flying colors.  Keep up the good work!
5	WOWZERS! This truck was parked in front of the State Capitol downtown Phoenix where i work and MY OH MY!! iI had the gangsta Grilled Cheese Sandwich which was pretty gangsta! Brisket, melted cheese, and mac and cheese on sourdough bread. I didn't want the sandwich to end it was SO good. Highly recommend Q Up. Service was fast and SUPER friendly. Thank you!
5	I'm going to have savory, sloppy, naughty dreams about those nachos. I had them for lunch yesterday and it's all I can think about.
5	YUM, YUM, YUM! We hired Q-up for our wedding and they did an AMAZING job. The Gangsta Grilled Cheese was the best thing I have ever eaten. Seriously SO good! Devon is so sweet and was a joy to work with! People were raving all night about the BBQ. I can not thank the crew enough for all of their hard work. I am hoping they make their way to Portland next summer :)
4	This truck was parked outside my office yesterday so I went to check it out. I got the Gangsta Grilled cheese. I've got to say, it was delicious! I though it could use more meat; I only had a little piece in my whole grilled cheese but the flavors were fantastic. Nice work.
5	We have had these guys at Gcu for the last week and the gangsta grilled cheese has rocked my world. The brisket, Mac and cheese, sour dough masterpiece defines a grilled cheese sandwich for me. Staff seems cool and the wait time was not bad at all. Would eat again.
2	The 2 tacos for $8 is way too expensive, as the tacos are very small. Had to get more food after I ate them. Taste was ok. Overall, I was unimpressed. Probably won't return.
5	We had Q Up! Barbeque at our company Christmas party and all of the food was to die for.  The Gansta Grilled Cheese was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had!  I mean, come on...mac 'n cheese in a sandwich?!?  I'd eat this every day if I could.  Our employees loved the tacos too.They were super friendly with all of our employees, responsive and very easy to work with in planning the menu for our event.  I'd highly recommend them for corporate events, and I'm going to track this food truck around Phoenix for another one of those sandwiches.
