3	If you make the drive out to San Felipe's on a weekend night you should be aware of something: you're no longer in Scottsdale or Phoenix. You are in Cougarville, USA. It can be a little off putting for a guy who just wants to have a conversation with a friend over a Corona or two when someone who could be his mom keeps using his shoulder to get up and down from the bar to dance on top of it. Not that that's ever happened to me. And the food here is not good. If you are at DC Ranch swing by Blue Wasabi or somewhere like that and go to drink at San Felipe's. There are some good beer and margarita specials some nights but the vibe gets so convoluted it's hard to drink in peace. It's a good place to get over the top wasted, if you have a ride home, of course, because the super loud music lends itself to booty shakin and obnoxious behavior. I've had fun here before but more often than not it's just kinda weird. Check it out for yourself though, and if you catch it on the right night you might find it to be a great spot.
5	This place is great! It reminds me of being in some cheap dive bar in Mexico but with people that speak English. Everyone is out of control and just having tons of fun! You can dance on the tables, the bar, the dance floor. The DJ plays great music. Its a wonderful place to go casual and have the time of your life.
3	Yuck! Shrimp Tacos not so good. Salsa not so good. Waitress was dumb as dirt. San Felipe's looks like a fun place to grab a drink but I wouldn't eat here again! We came here on a double date last night and it seemed pretty busy for a Sunday night. The atmosphere is crazy. They made it look like a cheap bar in Mexico and there is all sorts of things hanging from the ceiling like sharks, inflatable bottles of Suaza, and pinatas. As far as the food goes I knew it would interesting after I tasted the salsa. Our poor waitress didn't have a memory which made things interesting. More Chips? Sure twenty minutes later! Ketchup? Sure another twenty minutes. She was a sweet girl but it got really annoying.
3	HOT TIP: You can dance on the bar at DC Ranch hot spot San Felipe's Cantina and you won't get kicked out. Heck, it's even encouraged. That's part of the draw to this hot cantina, which has a sister location in Flagstaff that opened several years ago. Patrons can shake it like there's no tomorrow and let go of their inhibitions after downing a few shots of Patron.Although the bar serves food and attracts more of a family scene during the lunch time hour, I don't recommend ordering off the menu. Most of the food I've had including the enchiladas and tacos are ho-hum at best. The margaritas are delicious however so I encourage you to stick to day drinking or hopping on the bar at night to "Party Like a Rockstar."ASU students can start dancing on the bar Sept. 20 when the new San Felipe's Cantina opens in Tempe Marketplace.
2	Open for Lunch.  It's very clean.  The decor is fun....ie the VW bus, old bucket chairs in the waiting area.  But I wouldn't call it a Mexican or even Tex-Mex.  They didn't serve carnitas (or any pork item).  That's just wrong!
2	Have you ever had the Lean Cuisine chicken enchiladas? Have you ever been to a super obnoxious sorority party, where all the blonde bimbos are tanked and dancing on tables and such? Have you ever been totally ignored by wait and bar staff even though you've doused yourself in lighter fluid and set yourself on fire? Well. Then. You've been to San Felipe's. Lower than mediocore food. Except for the grilled fish tacos. Thus 2 stars. Not 1. When I lived at DCRanch, I thought this would be a less expensive, less formal place to hang out. Hmmm...other than grabbing a quick beer here I'd sooner stay at home, eat Doritos and watch a sorority slasher film. What do Kristin and Pierre say? Meh? Yea, that's it. Meh!
1	Me and my wife went to san felipes cantina in Tempe AZ Saturday 6/28/08 they wouldnt let me in becouse I have my daughters name tattoo on my neck, they said just that day management told the workers not to let people in with tattoos above there shoulders. So becouse if this kind of stereotype or racism I rate san felipes cantina in Tempe AZ zero stars. And the worst bar in AZ
4	This was a great place but this location is closed and has re-opened in Desert Ridge.
1	This location is gone.
