4	It's great to see a new FroYo place opening up in our neighborhood.  Okay, it's not "litterally" in our neighborhood, but it's in the same zip code.  I really like the atmosphere, and they have 12 different flavors.  Also, Tons of toppings which is a huge plus.  I was pretty full from dinner when we went so I went light on the Pumpkin Pie and added Cap'n Crunch and a few Snowcaps. I really like the open air vibe and the workers are very friendly and helpful. Parking is the only downside, but hey, can't win them all.  Really liked it!
5	I headed over to ZOYO Neighborhood Yogurt this Sunday afternoon...and got nothing but good things to say. Plus its a couple blocks from the house...so glad to have them in the Neighborhood.The Decor is Modern and has a total open indoor/ outdoor setup with sliding glass doors that opens this place up...very inice. Sit inside or out on the patio either way ..your going to enjoy the day at this spot.The Pricing is great.....its a cheap sweet low cal treat. Only 39cents a ounce for all the frozen yogurt and toppings you want.The Frozen Yogurt.  Its was very good. Many choices to choose from and they have sample cups to taste test. I was very happy with my selections of Peanut butter, Chocolate, and vanilla :-) I will be back ...maybe too often... hope they change the flavors often...we will see.
5	Try the Zoatmeal Cookie, it's the best froyo in town.
5	OMG!  Yummy stuff! Best Froyo I have had in years!  Brand new, clean and fun! The creaminess of this frozen yogurt really caught me off guard!  I planned to just sit and wait while my daughter and hubs ate.  Gotta tell ya, that lasted all of one bite!  I was hooked!  This little spot is, well, spotless!  You could probably eat off the floor it's so nice looking.The people were very nice, everything was easy and at 39 cents an ounce, it's not a bad deal either!  Will be back for sure!
5	This place has a modern look and feel to it.  LCD screen shows each flavor of yogurt right above the dispenser.  Cool!  The place is clean with all flavors offered against wall and flavors and toppings in the middle of the store.  The flavors including bubble gum, velvet cake and simply scrumptious.  I like to mix and match the flavors and come up with a variety of tastes.  The toppings include caramel, sprinkles, fruits, etc.There is plenty of room to sit and enjoy your yogurt.  In addition, the seating is far enough away from the yogurt dispensers and topping to allow a comfortable experience.I cannot wait to try the new store near Tatum and Shea - closer to my house.At $0.39 per ounce, an inexpensive and tasty delight!
5	I can't drive by a new frozen yogurt shop without trying it out. Call it addiction or call it dedication, I pride myself in my love of fro yo and what kind of junkie would I be if I didn't try it every chance I get? So while recently visiting my neighboring neighborhood, I stopped into Zoyo Neighborhood Yogurt to introduce my sweet tooth to the newest fro yo in town. Upon entering this treatery, I noticed how fresh and open it felt the moment I stepped inside. It could also have something to do with the wide open doors (?) or are they too wide to be considered doors... who knows, but it was large and open! Now this shop has some serious flavors to choose from and they are not grainy at all. Now when I say grainy I am describing the taste you sometimes get in frozen yogurt where it lacks a creamy flavor and instead almost crunches like ice in your mouth. Well, I didn't have to worry about that here. It tasted to fattening to be low cal. I went for the chocolate and cheesecake combination and man... that is one creamy cup of goodness. I noticed plenty of fruity flavors along with the other flavors too. Now let's move on to the toppings. This shop is stocked with toppings and not your generic sprinkles and fruity pebbles. I swear I say rock candy as a topping option. I saw toppings I hadn't thought of since I was a kid. I could probably go a little crazy here. The pricing was decent...not too high and not cheap either. I spent $3 but I might have gone a little overboard with the fro yo. But hey! I was a visiting neighbor, I didn't want to offend my gracious hosts! So next time I'm in the neighborhood (which will be frequently now), I will be stopping by this nice little addition.
3	Neat, modern shop. Restaurant was very clean. Frozen yogurt and add-your-own topping selection was large and I was offered samples shortly after walking into the place. The yogurt quality was fine, but certainly nothing spectacular.My biggest complaint about this location was the absolute lack of available parking. I arrived shortly before noon on a Monday and had to circle the parking lot twice while fighting for a parking space. What was more surprising is that in spite of the over-crowded parking lot I was one of only two customers in Zoyo.The yogurt was fine but definitely not worth the hassle.
4	I like it more than mojo, swirl and yo cream.why?Because its 39 cents an oz.Clean, fresh toppings, and great location.R|_
5	My favorite yogurt joint in all of Phoenix!  I like it better than the other competitors because:- Its CHEAP- Super friendly staff- Froyo flavors change regularly - its fun to try new ones!- Half off on Wednesdays if you wear your jammies! Double awesome! - Interesting toppings - lemon syrup, maple syrup, mochi, etc. - Clean, open store
5	Great place!!!love the roll up doors!!!I went with the thin mint chocolate and the vanilla.yummy yummy!!lots of toppings to choose from,will be back!
4	Great service, well Zoyo is a self serve place. I gave myself 5 stars I not only did a great job but was very excited to make my own yogurt mix.They describe heaven with smoke clouds and an array of amazing things.  Well this place must be Yogurt Heaven!  1st there are Mulitiiple flavors of Yogurt to mix and match.  I started with cake batter and raspberry at the bottom and then lost all control and tried putting everything in my bowl.As I arrive at the buffet of toppings I find chocolate, gummy bears, sprinkles, Oreos, cookies,  its just amazing.  Well 5 this is a Five star place and nothing short.  I could only complain about the size the bowels, I would like the option to bring my own XL size.Go there and EnjoyKevin
5	I am sold on this place.  The yogurt flavors are simply outstanding. Taste fresh and not artificial. They have a large selection of toppings, since it is sold by weight and not exactly cheap I usually lean towards the lighter toppings such as the toasted coconut.  Bonus points for the sample cups.
4	Loving this neighborhood froyo joint.  The topping selections are interesting and slightly different thatn some other places.  They have these yummy little chocolate rocks...kinda like candy coated chocolate shaped like rocks.  They were fun and tasty.  A nice assortment of topping sauces too...peanut butter, mallow, strawberry.  This place gets jam packed but they do have a good amount of seating both inside and out.
5	Extremely tasty place for frozen yogurt! Great flavors and great toppings cover almost any type of sweet tooth that you might have. Was easy to walk up and grab a cup, choose my flavor(s) and toppings, pay and be on my way! Great neighborhood yogurt shop, I will definitely be back!
5	there are seemingly one yogurt place open every where I see.this one is no exception. great place to hang out. the coconut flavor is awesome.their chocolate yogurt is actually pretty good.
4	Love this place customized food is awesome you get it the way you want it,cause you do it yourself. Yogurt is yum and the bowls are pretty good sizes. Love the feel of it being outdoors but still inside. Gotta check it out! Although I don't like parking lot at all that takes a star away for me mostly to crowded.
2	It's cute, it's clean, it's awesome when the weather is nice, the guy working when I went in cracked a joke or two. No contest, sweetest frozen yogurt I've ever tried. Maybe that's a good thing if you're an ice cream junkie, but I missed the natural yogurty tang in the flavors and had to stick with plain ol' tart.
5	With all the new businesses opening up nationwide who would have ever thought that a frozen yogurt shop would have blown up! I was very pleased with the overall atmosphere of the shop and really enjoyed the frozen yogurt selection. This is an excellent self serve yogurt shop in Arizona offering many different toppings. This will probably go nationwide soon so get a scoop before this company explodes into the successful business chain! If your ever in the area let me know because this is my neighborhood yogurt store and I would be happy to meet with over a bowl!
4	Zoyo follows the trend of yogurt shops that has made a resurgence in the past two years.  It is definitely a place I enjoy going to and I do like the variety of really solid flavors and the toppings bar.  Like any self serve place, watch the kids to make sure they don't try to finger the last bit of yogurt from the spout... as they do tend to do.  I have seen a few adults do this at this location which has me totally baffled.The staff is great... they are young, high energy people, but they are very pleasant and appear to be very attentive.  Overall the place is kept very clean and I think it is better designed than some of its counterparts in the market.
4	Nice selection of yogurt and tons of extras to put in! Based on weight for pricing so I was a bit conservative with the toppings, but it was still a great price. Will go again.
5	This place is a awesome fro-yo destination for Sunnyslopers.   When it's nice out they get rid of the whole front wall (glass garage doors).  This place is usually jumping every night but you never have to wait.  Wednesday night is pajama night and they give you 50% off if you're in there wearing pajamas (I suppose calling it pajama night is explanation enough haha)Great selection of flavors and toppings and really helpful staff.  I wish I could control myself but I always end up completely overdoing it.
3	The Zoatmeal cookie flavor was pretty tasty. They had an oddball...strawberry jalapeno. Had to give it a try....weird but still good...fruity with an after burn lol. They also had blueberry captain crunch as the new flavor. Endless amount of toppings, I usually get pineapple at other places, and the pineapple here seemed to be straight from a can...in juice, disappointing. Also the 2 employees just hung out behind the door, never stayed behind the counter, making people wait to pay. Weird, not sure if that's the norm. I may go back, it's close to work.
3	Wonderful neighborhood froyo shop, I love going with my sister every several weeks.The staff is always friendly, though usually just high school kids. The flavors don't seem to change often, but there is a good selection of toppings!Not the best froyo I've ever had, but it certainly is worth a visit!
5	Probably the best frozen yogurt I've had! Unique flavors, tasted great. The Oatmeal Cookie flavor is a must!
5	Love this place. Best froyo in town. They have different flavors and an immense assortment of toppings. Wednesday night is PJ night so don't forget to wear your pajamas fo 50% off your froyo. Also, dont forget to grab a punch card so you can get a free froyo.
5	Frozen yogurt definitely falls in the category of addictive foods for me. We just moved to the Phoenix area and had yet to find a good frozen yogurt place close to us. Sadly or luckily (because too much of anything isn't good) there is none super close but this one is close enough for a ride to satisfy a late evening hankering for frozen yogurt. The place is very clean and they have a decent selection of flavors. Also, I noticed that most of them weren't super sweet, which I very much appreciate. Zoyo wins for me 5 stars. Their frozen yogurt really hit the spot on a desert hot summer night.
5	Best frozen yogurt in Phoenix!  And I've pretty much tried them all ;-)There are always plenty of flavors to choose from and a wide variety of tasty toppings. The place is always spotless and the employees are chipper.  It's also really inexpensive unless you're the type that eats a pound of froyo.
2	the yogurt is actually good, my problem is with the staff a bunch of kids that don't know crap, cant make change and where the hell is the manager does the company know what a manager is or are they afraid to pay more than minimum wage? get real, get real employees and the ( do not accept bills larger than $20 ) it's a joke I spent almost $40.00 and would not accept a $50 dollar bill
4	Best yogurt in the area. I get the zoatmeal with coconut Reese's and m&ms. The place is always clean and always has a good movie plying for kids.
4	The DIVIDER is brilliant! Helping indecisive people like myself live an easier life! Can't make decisions? NO PROBLEM! Zoyo has good flavors in rotation, a nice environment to enjoy your froyo, and an awesome toppings bar.
5	I love zoyo! The people are nice, the flavors change from time to time. I love all the flavors, but try the mint with cake batter it crazzy coconut. (by Sondra's daughter Ariel)
5	The staff was so friendly here! They were so nice to our kids, which is always appreciated! They had a lot of flavors to choose from and we especially enjoyed the zoatmeal cookie and fudge sorbet! Tons and tons of toppings to choose from, too. Glad we decided to try this place tonight and we will definitely be back!
5	I recently moved to the neighborhood and was psyched to find a yogurt shop nearby. Zoyo is situated in a strip mall with ample parking and plenty of indoor/outdoor seating. The whole storefront opens up using garage-style doors - it's contemporary, open, and welcoming.Like other yogurt shops I've visited, samples are permitted and the mini cups can be found by the register. Each station dons a plaque identifying the flavor and the caloric value per serving. In my experience, the range is 90 calories to 140 calories (think Green Apple versus Cake Batter). Plenty of choices ranging from sorbets, the requisite tart, chocolates, vanillas, fruit, and the expected funky combinations like root beer, thin mint, and oatmeal cookie.Of note is the use of cardboard cup dividers. These inserts go into your yogurt cup to separate the bowl in the event you don't want flavors to mix - genius! They really work, too.The toppings bar is stacked with something for everyone and a variety of drizzles are available too.Use your phone number to log points with every purchase to earn $ off as you hit certain milestones - no physical loyalty punch card required.Cons:- Sugar-free options would be nice- The toppings aren't labeled, so ask if you're unsurePros:- Great variety of flavors and toppings- Cleanliness- Cup dividers!- The staff. These guys love their jobs and it's evident in the smiles they wear and their attentiveness to help.
5	I ran in and grabbed a quick yogurt on my lunch break.  The place was clean,  flavors were great and great selection of toppings.  The main stand out which will keep me coming here as opposed to other neighborhood yogurt shops is the service.  The young man that rang me up was very friendly.  He greeted me when I came and a very friendly and pleasant throughout.  It's tough to find that kind of service these days and he delivered plus one!
5	Update:  I've found they usually have 1 sugar-free option in addition to plenty of low-fat and non-fat choices. If you're a froyo fan, you'll enjoy it.
1	awful, they have a middle door and keep the place opened, flies, bugs and everything come in there, would not recommend this place at all.
4	Love the self-serve concept.  It helps with portion control.  I had the oatmeal raisin cookie yogurt with 3 circus animal cookies.  The flavor of the yogurt was consistent from start to finish and the cookies were not stale.  The store was very clean as well.
5	I really enjoyed this place. It was out first time there about a week ago. The staff is really nice and they take the time to help you out and explain what each yogurt or sorbet have. I recommend this place to anyone!!
5	This place is fantastic! Yogurt is delicious, toppings are fresh and the staff is super friendly!
5	I went here with a friend, it was actually really good. All thw flavors tasted legit. I got the chocolate fudge brownie with vanilla and snickers,  with cookie dough. I would come back here sometime
3	Decent frozen yogurt, though not amazing.  They carry the usual YoCream (Dannon) corporate type flavors, with "Zoatmeal Cookie" as their "signature" flavor.  Their mochi bits were running low today, but tasted fine.  Not a fan of them using multicolored ones instead of plain white though.Atmosphere is okay, and nicer with the doors rolled up.  Parking lot is a disaster, especially at night.  There are not enough spaces, and people do NOT know how to park within the lines.  This most recent visit the employees kept vanishing (into the back?), which was odd and unprofessional when there were so many customers dining inside the shop.
4	Zoyo has the frozen yogurt concept right. Great flavors with good variety, plenty of toppings, and a family friendly environment. My favorite thing that so far I've only seen a Zoyo is the "divider" that allows you to split your cup in two, allowing two completely different flavor and topping mixes!
