5	I just moved to the Crafton area a few weeks ago and get to try some new stuff, yay.Porto Fino's is one of the Best Pizza Shop's I've had the pleasure to try and I've sampled from quite a few, hehe. They have a large menu, including 4 different styles of Pizza Pie: Traditional, Chicago, Pan and Sicilian. I've only had the Traditional so far and it is awesome. The Pepperoni Rolls are some of the Best I've ever had, also. The only thing that I don't really care for is that all of their Chicken Hoagies are made with Skinless Grilled Chicken. Which is healthy, yay, but don't hold flavor well as in the Buffalo Chicken Hoagie, the sauce soaks into the bun and not the chicken. I'm not taking a star for that, tho. That's my preference. All in All, PF's is top call in Crafton for me.UPDATE: Portofino's will replace the grilled chicken with Breaded Chicken if you request it.
4	Their spinach and feta white pizza is amazing, I've been ordering it from them for at least a decade.  Truly awesome.  Everything else is above average, but the white pizza really is the best thing on the menu.  yum!
4	Mmmm. They have the most amazing pizza here. And it's not that expensive. The sauce or crust must be loaded with garlic butter, because it is fantastic, yet light at the same time. I say go for it, get a pizza that's loaded, because you won't regret it!
5	This is now the main pie shop I order from since I moved over here. Their Buffalo Chicken Pizza is soooo awesome. I have since also tried all the styles of pie and they are all pretty good. I'm not a fan of Chicago Style but, eat some tums and we're good to go . . ha
3	Porto Finos is just ok. The food is decent-if you're looking for your basic local pizza shop you won't be disappointed with the pie. Other menu offerings are good as well. I've not been to the shop, but gotten delivery. This is where the trouble comes in. They seem to not have enough people working ever. The last couple of times I've called they have taken WAY too long to answer the phone, then they set the phone down and walk away for a few minutes after hastily asking you to hold, and then when they finally talk to you, they let you know that delivery will take over an hour. Hire a couple more employees for the evenings! Also, when paying with credit card they require the security code off of the back of the card. Not all places require this and it makes me a bit nervous. This is how people can hack accounts and I just don't like providing it over the phone. The guy who answers the phone will also repeat my credit card information back to me over the phone-in the middle of a crowded pizza shop! Also makes me nervous...and I'm not even a paranoid person. I just think that some things make common sense. Repeating a credit card number in a crowd does NOT make sense. Overall, they have good food. They could use an improvement in customer service though. Step it up, guys!
5	OMG you guys I looooooove Portofinos!! I work in Crafton and we get their pizza, salads, and hoagies all the time. I wish I could put into words what makes their pizza so great, but it's hard. I think of it often when I am in the city, with it being too far to order from, and it bums me out. The sauce isn't too sweet and the crust is baked to perfection. There is always a heaping helping of cheese and toppings, melted to tasty ooey gooey-ness. I strongly suggest getting their 'zza when you are in the area. Truly cannot be beat!!
5	I ordered from these guys the night I moved into my house last year and have tried to make it a weekly affair since. Great pizza, pepperoni rolls, and quick delivery. Thanks!
4	Simple, well made pizza and other typical pizzeria fair. Portions of the pizzas are sadly not justified by their price. Too many nights ordering from Portos dropping over $15 and still hungry. Perfect portions for lunches.
2	Middle of the road! We ordered a pizza with green peppers, pepperoni and mushrooms, and a dozen of their seasoned wings. I would put the pizza just slightly above Vocelli's: it was hot, but it was greasy and the sauce lacked depth. The wings were fresh, hot and crispy, but they were lightly seasoned and had very little taste. The delivery time was spot-on if not earlier than quoted. Most likely would not order from here again.
4	I love this place ! We have had the pizza, which is amazing they make sure to take care of you lots of cheese, lots of pepperoni, ect. Gyros are amazing. Haven't had one that i wasn't satisfied with they pack in the meat and its real gyro meat not the kind that looks shaved. Wings are super meaty ! Not little and stingy! I suggest that you go here for a quick cheap meal.
5	I LOVE this place! This is the best Pizza in Pittsburgh, hands-down. XL Mushrooms, Anchovies & Black Olives! My only complaint is that they don't deliver to Brighton Heights. Why did I move??
