5	Really nice!  I'm new to the area and I stumbled upon them.  They are fast and not very expensive.  I was a little turned off by the number of really old men working there, but they had their regular client list.  It was like one side was "old men" hair stylists and the other side was the "young girl" stylists.  The two sides didn't really associate, which I found rather weird.  But, none the less, a great hair style at a great price!!!
1	THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE I HAVE EVER HAD. First I called the salon and the receptionist sounded annoyed and bitter, then showed up for my appointment early. Not only was the receptionist rude in person, I waited for 45 minutes (25 minutes after my appointment time) and she didn't mind to tell me anything. I asked if it was going to be much longer and she said she was coming up soon (as I'm watching the stylist on her phone sitting in her chair), I waited another 10 minutes and finally got up and left.
4	Maria did a nice job on the trim, blending in my long layers allowing my hair grow back to its pre chemo length! A pretty blow out and pleasant conversation and a smoking deal to boot. They are open after work hours.My uber fashion conscious niece gets her hair cut here and it looks much better than the time she dropped $50 at Taglio,Go, go, go now and get you hair trimed up, you never know when that interview is going to happen and you'll have time to practice the Star process with a neutral party.
5	I went in last minute for some highlights. They accomodated me immediately, i would highly suggest this place as Chelsea did a great job!
5	OMG what a fabulous place.  We discovered it when we found our "best ever" stylist had moved there from a previous salon.  Tammy Stack is amazing!  Having been to many stylists all over the country I highly recommend her as the the best I have ever had do my hair.  Her color is fabulous and the style is perfection!  Arizona Hair is so lucky to have Tammy as she brings true professionalism to their establishment.  The salon is great, lovely, open and extremely clean.  The prices are amazing!  I am so excited to have Tammy at Arizona Hair!  Highly recommend!!!!!!!  5 star!!!!!
4	I like it here! Good location (for me) at FLW Blvd/Via Linda and CHEAP!I've gone to Lacey a few times now and she's great! She truly listens to me and communicates effectively (crucial in getting the haircut you want).The salon is in a strip-mall and has that Fantastic Sam's/Super Cuts feel to it (so don't go if you're seeking a luxurious day salon-type ambience). I got a haircut (about 7" cut off), deep conditioning treatment and blow/style for $35.I also loved the fact that they were very accommodating to let me come back (I wasn't 100% happy w/my new cut) the very next day and get some more length cut off - no charge and with a huge smile.
3	The website has a $2 off coupon, so that makes a men's haircut 13 bucks, but you have to tip, so it comes out to $15 anyway. Nothing great about the haircut really. The girl who cut my hair was nice and we chatted during cut, but she was very young and inexperienced. Nothing got destroyed on my head. It was a middle of the road cut for a walk-in. Might be better if you were a regular and knew someone here that you trusted. Still, it was a very friendly place and a good one-time cut if you need one quickly (i had a 10 minute wait at 11am midweek)
5	Just got a haircut from Erika and she did exactly what I wanted without me even knowing how to say it! She spends a lot of time doing your hair and doesn't just do a half ass job. You can tell she cares about what she does which makes a world of a difference!! So happy with my cut!!
5	I've had my hair cut by Nadine several times,  and I will definitely keep going back to her!  I have big,  long,  curly hair,  which can be a challenge to some hairdressers,  but she does a great job and doesn't mind that my hair can be a time-consuming appt!
4	I've got long straight hair that I'm growing so I can donate it so I just need a simple trim on the back and my bangs. Tried hair salons but everyone wanted to charge me their normal ridiculous amounts.  I'm not spending that on a trim! Found this company bc they were cutting hair at the Women's Expo for $5 donations.  They were fun and did a great job.  When I found out their cuts were $15, even better.  Haircut includes a shampoo. If you want a specialty cut, it's $16. Not bad for the price. I'd recommend.
5	HAPPY customer! I've had some nightmare experiences, so hesitant about having to find a new place on my new town. After asking the few GFs I have in town, and checking Yelp reviews, I finally decided to give them a try.I needed both a highlight and a trim but have had such bad luck with new (to me) people that I decided to do just the highlight portion (it has been wayyy too long since my last, I am very near to the hombre look!).I got Liz.  She was very nice and did a GREAT job with my highlights.  I'm not a huge talker when I get my hair done, probably mostly because I am hairstylist - shy now. Liz wasn't pushy and over talkative, which I appreciated. I'll definitely go back. I really need to get my trim!
5	I was in the market for a new stylist as my old stylist wasn't working out, but wanted to stay within the same salon chain.  Found another AZ Hair Company location, and made an appointment.  I was able to get in the next day.    I am SO happy I was paired with Nadine for my haircut today.  I explained what I wanted to Nadine, and she listened carefully, and had me show her exactly what I wanted, to eliminate any confusion.   This communication is key!!!  Her energy is fantastic as well.  Not too chatty, but very warm and friendly.She spent time playing with my (dry) hair, to see how it falls, etc.  After a great shampoo, she spent quite a bit of time fixing up my previous (poor) haircut, and even used a straight razor to trim the hair on my neck--love that!I am beyond thrilled with the results.  I've sported the same hairstyle for roughly the past 20 years, and she made it look better than it ever has.  All for $15!!!  I'll be heading back to her for a partial highlight next month, and I've already recommended her to a friend.
2	I was greeted nicely as I walked in. Shop looked kinda rundown and outdated. The receptionist had me wait while she went next store to gather staff. I was greeted by my stylist who had foil pieces in her hair. She was nice and gave me a nice haircut.  The rest of the staff was off key and gave off a rude feeling. Making the experience uncomfortable. They mentioned the owner in conversation and how she wasn't even there. As my haircut was finished I walked towards the front desk. While waiting to be rung up, it took three employees to figure out the register. I was asked if I wanted to add a tip on my debit card which I replied yes, I said the amount and they made me repeat myself two more times as if she was in disbelief. How rude I thought. She handed me my card back, I said thank you. I said bye to the stylist and she gave me her card, when one of the other stylist says thank you while looking down in a rude tone as if thats something they are programmed to say. Overall my stylist was great but with the rude unsettling feeling in the environment will make me think twice before visiting again.
4	Has been a good location for me, a great haircut in a polite environment.
5	I have been so thankful to have found Susie Tapp as a stylist at this location. I have the most unruly curly hair and she is one of the ONLY people that seems to understand how to make it smooth. I also have bleached blonde hair and she understands the need for perfection when it comes to achieving the perfect blonde. I would definitely recommend her for a cut, color, or both. Susie is a great listener and is very patient and has lots of great hair ideas. Even if you just want a great relaxing shampoo and style...I would go see her :)Everyone at this location is so nice and always has a positive attitude. The manager Candis always has a smile on her face and creates a positive energy in the salon. If I could give this location more stars I would. A place to definitely check out.
