5	Free snacks, internet, movies, and a place to rest up = WIN!  Thank you to all the volunteers and donations that keep this place going for all us service members.  I dropped $10 as the USO always has programs that gives back ten fold.
5	Always support your local USO even if you're not active duty or retired!  God Bless America!
5	This USO is great! Very nice and helpful volunteers. They have a huge selection of snacks and drinks. I came here to do homework while on my Vegas trip because I was computerless. So lucky as husband is active military. This is a great place to go if you're waiting for your flight. I always drop a donation whenever I visit USOs as they are always so accommodating and nice. On one particular visit, I was able to webcam with my husband who is stationed in Texas right now. If it's not too busy, they will let you take in a friend of two. Husband will be stationed at Nellis AFB in January, so I am sure I will be visiting this particular USO regularly prior to flights.
4	As USOs go, this one is decent. There's a sleeping area, there are 2 computers, drinks, snacks, and some frozen things that can be warmed up. The volunteers were nice and friendly as well. Not a bad place. :) It's also the only one in the airport, so you might as well patronize it!
5	Comfy theater chairs & TV, snaks, wifi, friendly helpful volunteers.  So glad we  stopped in to check it out, we we're planning on wasting time at the Gate D AmEx lounge which would of been going thru D security.
4	Free to military members! I donate to the USO because I'm familiar with the good work they do. I also take advantage of their lounges in airports whenever I can. I used to be reluctant to spend time in the USO but I've discovered it's a great alternative to the Airline Clubs and Lounges.  There was food, and a large screen television and comfy recliners. One could easily fall asleep and many do. More military members should take advantage of the services of the USO.  The volunteers are friendly and welcoming.  Also I encourage everyone to donate if they can.  A lot of so called charities don't do what they say, but as with this location, the USO really delivers on their promise to support servicemembers.
5	This is the best USO that I've been too, it's open 24 hours run by a group of awesome people who want to help out military folks.
5	Great small USO located by Carousel 21 in Terminal 3.  Hours are from 8am to 8pm.David, the volunteer on duty, was very professional, friendly and attentive.Everything was very clean and organized. Plenty of coffee, he made a fresh pot for me, and a variety of sodas, water and snacks.Really glad they have a good selection of paperbacks you can take for free. Free WIFI and computers with internet access.There is also a larger one in Terminal 1 and that one is open 24/7. You can take an in-terminal shuttle to get to it.
1	Worst USO I have been to. I am a huge fan of USO and always visit when I travel which is very frequently. My problem was with the staff being very rude to my wife and son. They followed her everywhere and kept telling us to keep our son quiet as well as other kids. Mind you this was in the play area of which there is only one other at terminal D. Every other USO I have been to was a nice refuge from the typical airport however this one just stressed my family MORE. There was also another family who was told constantly to keep their daughter quiet. This was mid day and no one was sleeping... Isn't a play area for kids to be kids? We were respectful and kept our child very well behaved however, it seemed the staff just do not like kids. Quite the disappointing experience. I have been to this USO 4 times in the past 2 years to only get this type of treatment.
5	Great USO! Staff is so friendly and they had the best snacks. We even took some for the flight. Fresh fruit, salads, sandwiches, chips and my favorite sweets!! They have everything you need during a flight delay.
4	I've always heard of this place, but could never enter it with out a Veteran. As we were waiting for our baggage to come in the the baggage claim, we stumbled into this.  Traveling with a military person has its perks! heheWe were greeted by a friendly receptionist.  As we signed in and showed our IDs, she was helpful and friendly.Basically, This is a nice lounge for a military (active or retired) personnel and their family can just relax and receive free drinks and snack of their choice.  (Hey doesn't the military deserve it? for fighting overseas to keep us safe? I guess the least we can do is offer free food to them!) It was nice to know their are places like this for them!
