4	We needed a good laugh after a week's hardwork at the booth. My body was aching and my feet was kililng me from standing all day long! It didn't matter if I was barefooted, if you have to stand for more than 8 hours a day, it's going to hurt. We all decided to go here for a good laugh and it was definitely worth it. I couldn't remember all the names but I do remember one lady who did the introductions for the real comedians wasn't funny. She was some jewish comedian and nothing to do with being a jew, but she just wasn't funny. She was more offensive than she was funny. I think people who laughed felt sorry and didn't want to make her look bad... cuz I sure as hell didn't laugh at all. the other two guys were really funny. definitely the only thing worth going to at Harrah's casino.
2	I try to be positive as I write this review, but it's not that easy.  There were several problems with what we saw:1. We expected an improv show.  This had even been compared (I forget where I heard this) to "Whose Line is it Anyway?"  Ladies and gents, this is NOT an improv show.  It is a stand-up comedy show.  Please don't be confused like we were.2. Our comedian wasn't very funny.  He essentially went through the first two rows of the audience and made fun of audience members because of their professions. Now picking on audience members is ok... but does it have to be your entire routine? He also appeared drunk or high or something along those lines.3. I understand if a comedy show contains sexual humor.  But does it have to be the entire show?  Surely there are other funny things.After the show, my fellow attendees and I compared notes and discovered we all (separately) had contemplated leaving at some point. The cheap rate of $30 was overspent on this show.  I would've spent another $70 to see O again. The reason I didn't give this place 1 star is that I think possibly other comedians are better.  Based on the video they showed at the beginning of the show, the other comedians seemed funny.  I think that it's possible that if you didn't expect an improv show, and got a funnier comedian, this could be enjoyable.
1	Caveat:  the comedian changes every week, so this only applies the week I was there, when the guy who voiced Roger Rabbit was performing.UGH.  Not improv.  Not funny.  His entire act focused on making fun of the audience.  That's usually someone's opener before they go onto their act, but not so with this guy, who came on with eyes bloodshot and a chip on his shoulder.  Throughout the show I was just thinking please God, don't let him come over here.  And he didn't!  Hooray.I would not come back.
5	For those of you who have never been to an Improv before (and don't track comedy), the Improv is a chain of comedy clubs. Almost every great comedian at one point or another in their journey to fame played an Improv. As a result, this place features stand up comedy, not improvisational skits.With that said - this is by far the best deal entertainment wise in Vegas. Tickets are around $30 and the show is about 90 minutes long. The format is an emcee who does a small set. He introduces the feature act, who does a decent length set, and then returns the mic to the emcee. The emcee does one last set and brings out the headliner who closes the night. Essentially you get to see three comedians for $30.One thing to keep in mind is you are at the mercy of whoever they book for that week (it's on a week by week basis). I've been there about 6 times and been fortunate enough that outside of one performer we haven't seen a bad act yet. Most of the time we've been rolling in the aisles.The service is spotty, so order early and pay cash to make your life easier.
1	3 Friends and I went Saturday to the Improv. I was very unimpressed. We've gone to the Tempe Improv many times and had great service and loads of fun, but the Improv at Harrah's downright sucked.First of all, we didn't even get a server to take our drink order until the end of the first act. We didn't get said drinks until after the headliner took the stage. It appeared they only had 2 servers working the entire room. Not good for a Saturday night. The show itself...sucked. The opener was this older guy, David Gee. So unfunny it was downright sad. The 2nd guy was a little better, Rick D'Elia had a few good one liners and got some chuckles from us. Rondell Sheridan was very funny but he focused for quite a while on "Tammy" from West Texas who thinks that Texas is another country...and maybe it is, but damn...20 minutes worth of this? Really?If I could have gotten our money back, I would have. It sucked. Very disappointed.
4	While my sis & two family friends went to "The Thunder from Down Under" (basically an Australian Chippendales show), my mom, cousin & I decided to check out The Improv club instead. I'm SO glad we did! I think I would have just been awkward at the other show the whole time. But anyway, the club is really awesome! We were seated fairly close to the stage (but really all the seats in there seemed like they'd be pretty good) and the price wasn't bad for tickets (only $45 each). The drinks were expensive, but that's to be expected. My mom was paying so I got a vodka cranberry that didn't taste all that great. Maybe go just for the comedy & not to drink (drink first if you must)? Just a suggestion. We got to see three comedians (one of whom was sort of the MC but did some comedy as well). Joe Starr was probably my favorite, but Marc Price was great too (as was Sean Savoy, the MC/comedian). Afterward I purchased a shirt and they all signed it! Very cool. I will definitely go to another Improv club someday, and would re-visit the one at Harrah's for sure! I don't know what the best nights to go would be, but we went on Saturday and it was pretty great!
4	Went to see Arie Spears earlier in the year and was impressed with the improv @ Harrah's.  Club was swank with a nice calm "old school" vibe.  The openers were funny along with Arie rounding out a nice evening inside the club.  Overall, I was comfortable inside the club and the wateriness was prompt with the drinks.
5	Really funny... especially for the price.  We were 10 feet from the stage for 32 bucks a seat.  I am sure the quality depends on who is headlining but all three comics were funny when we were there.
1	I hope this review does not sound bitter, but hear goes...Improv definition, improvisation -a skit or act in which the actors improvise a situation. I don't know if I was at the correct place because I felt this show was completely scripted. The Laugh Factory in Hollywood and the comedy club in Brea are awesome. Harrah's Improv lame. After paying $40 which is double a normal comedy club . I received about less than an hour of "entertainment". Now that I was about to vent. Let's review.. I arrived to the Improv just a few minutes late but we seat right away, right in front I might add. Great seats this should be good right? Wrong :/. I noticed the place was half empty or half full. Its up to you how you want to look at it. No one else sat in the front which is normal for most comedy clubs because you don't want to get made fun of. I wish they picked on me because I was about to get a good nights rest. It was quiet and heard a few laughs from time to time. I also wished that I had drank a lot more before going there and had a refund for $40 and a free copy of Chris Rock or decent show on comedy central (except the blue collar tv show).I did not have high expectations, but I did feel that I could have been better. I think The Improv was more interested in selling their T-shirts and DVDs then serving drinks, making us laugh, or mingling afterward. This show is not recommended. Save up some money and go watch KA.
4	You basically get three comedians for the price of one. There is an emcee who does a short set, an "opening act" comedian who does a longer set and finally the headliner who does a full set. I saw Graham Elwood who was great and Nick Griffin who was even funnier (and has a FML style of comedy that seemed to work better with those of us in our 20s-30s than with the geezers in the crowd). Of course how good or bad the comedians you see are will make or break the night. I went on a Tuesday and it was about 1/2 to 2/3 full (but this is Vegas so I assume most of us were there on vacation). We got buy one get one free tickets from a Harrahs coupon book you receive when you sign up for the free Player's Club card. Otherwise tickets are about $30One final thing...beware that the drinks at the Improv are about the same size drinks you get from the cocktail waitress in the casino itself...they just charge you $9 for them! So if you are going to gamble at Harrahs before the show you might just want to get a few drinks and save your $$.
4	Look for discount tickets - they are always available. The reserved tables are great seats with mo drink minimum required. The performers come out to the lobby after the show and will pose for pictures, sign items, and usually sell their own products.
4	We got discount tickets when we checked in to the Rio and used them to book two seats up front to see Steve White, Tom Simmons and Jodi Borrello.  Any more up front and we would have been on stage.  There were no minimum drinks but we had a couple anyway and they were very good.  Our table was tiny and we shared it with another couple.  They were nice and we got along just fine.  The three comedians were very funny and we had a good time.  We met all three outside after the show and they were nice as well as being funny.  The theatre wasn't new and showed it but hey it's more about the comedy than anything else.  I would recommend this experience.
1	I had been to The Improv about 20 years ago when it was at The Riv, and when we left there I remember thinking about how bad it was. I also remember watching Bud Friedman's A Night At The Improv on TV so I knew this was not Improvisational  comedy. The folks complaining about that are probably just too young to remember The Improv. It's always been stand up comedy. OK, here goes. This is by far the worst stand-up comedy show I have ever been to. Even worse than i remember at The Improv 20 years ago. The host guy was moderately funny & actually improved as he got warmed up. But, the 2nd one-oh brother. Somebody get the hook. This guy was so lame, it was a struggle to laugh out loud. I guess I wanted to laugh loud enough to justify the money I spent here and that just wasn't going to happen. The headliner was Rocky LaPort & ok, this guy was frikkin' hilarious. He was so funny that eventually I couldn't even get the laughs out anymore. I'm going to sum it up here: 1 guy moderately funny, 1 guy who just plain sucked, and 1 guy who was hilarious. Cost of the 10:30 show: $57. Length of show 60 min. No kidding. $57 for a 1 hour show. It didn't take long for me to wish I'd spent my Vegas entertainment money on something else. This show was so bad and since I'd already had one bad experience there, I have to assume that all the shows are bad and hence, one star.I will never return to The Improv anywhere. I found myself wishing The Comedy Stop was still at The Trop. Bud Friedman, you should be ashamed of yourself and ashamed to attach your name to this venue.
4	People take the name of the show too seriously..."The Improv".... there's rarely any improvisation, It's more stand up and you get 2 to 3 comedians weekly. It's only about 37 bucks and If your a local It's "buy one, get one free" for the 10:30pm show...It's a good deal! Of course you never know who your gonna get but some of these guys are HILARIOUS!
4	The Improv always pleases. If you want good laughs go see these rising and established comics. We hit the Improves whenever we can and have never been disappointed.
3	I guess I was happily surprised after I read the dismal reviews on Yelp!Comedians change weekly, the three we saw were fantastic! Very different acts and totally unique.The drinks are a total rip off... $11 for a 10oz Dixie cup with way more ice than cheap well liquor. Have a drink before you go.But all in all, I thought the seating was comfy and intimate but not all on top of each other.We went 1.8.12. I would go back next visit, without a doubt!Maybe research the comedians before you buy tixs to make sure they're the type of act you're into... I would have to agree with other reviewers that it's 90% stand-up and maybe 10% Improv - didn't bother me!Have a laugh, enjoy!
4	Attended the early show on a Thursday evening.  We had assigned seats, but I like to get to places a little early to make sure I am on time.  The show before ours was just letting out.  The attendants had the place cleared and was seating us in no time.  The gentleman that showed us our seats was very nice.  There were 4 chairs at our table and we were a party of two.  I guess if the show had sold out, we would have had to sit with strangers.  The three comedians that performed were funny.  I enjoyed the show.
5	I had an absolute blast when I went to a comedy show at The Improv. Nice place that attracts hilarious talent.
3	Totally corny and fun at the same time. Most people in the audience are in their mid-forties and up (nothing wrong with that... just not youngest scene in Vegas). Because of that, a lot of the jokes were geared towards people who remember what it was like when TV's were black and white. Still, the jokes are not too racy, so it was cool to go with the family.
3	Comedians are what keep me semi-sane, so I will try to set aside my love of comedy and the great company I had that night and focus on the club itself.  Size-wise, this is a good club.  Smaller than average and not a bad seat anywhere (not always the case at some places). Overall, a good experience, but for the ticket price, I really felt an hour and 15 minutes was a little weak.  I understand there is a second show at 10:30, but this show needed to be longer to feel worth it.  It is the strip though, and I know most tourists have the attention span of a gnat, so go figure.
1	Have been to this location twice now, and left very disappointed both times (though have had great fun at other Improv locations around the US). Both times we saw 3 acts who were all very weak (definitely not up to headliner status at all, and even the headliners would have been stretched to be booked as featured acts). Of course, they rotate the show weekly, so your mileage may vary.  But I will say I am really surprised that a famous venue in a city this large could put together at least 2 shows that were so unbearably bad.  Tickets are also close to $40, which is really high for no name (and lousy) performers - an awful value for a short show.  On the other hand, given that there were few laughs to be had, maybe it is better that it ended early.  Unless you have heard of the headliner, I would avoid this place.
5	We loved! Dat Phan was hilarious
3	We did this because it was more of an affordable show. The show was pretty funny, but I thought it would be way funnier. I have paid $20 at Zanies in Chicago and laughed way more and left happier. The humor seemed more geared towards the older crowd, me and my 2 mid-20s girlfriends were the youngest people in here for sure. The highlight of the show was me getting made fun of by one of the comedians. I would try it again, sometimes comedy shows are hit or miss.
5	Came here on a Vegas trip with my co-workers. Our Director recommended the Mac King show, and we weren't so sure about a comedy magic show at first. BUT, we actually had a really great time! Mac worked with the audience volunteers really well, and the improvisations were the best. This experience was so much more entertaining that I thought it was going to be. I'd definitely recommend for families! Although, be aware that there is a lot of adult content... not TOO graphic, but not for the conservative taste :)
5	Saw Mac King and had great seats! Show and venue was great.
4	We had a good time. Drinks are reasonable and service is fair.
2	We came because we were at a convention and didn't have an event that night.  We bought the VIP tickets for an additional $20 because we wanted to have a great night out.When we were seated the hostess was quite rude, and told us we had purchased tickets one in front of each other, rather than side by side.  Really?  Why would we do that, we just bought two tickets to sit together.   After a bit of an argument they let us sit behind the table we were supposedly VIP's at.  By the time the show started the theater was only 50% full, and the table we were supposed to be at was empty.The show was fine, the warm up act a bit slow but the host and headline act were great.  After leaving we found out that the VIP tickets were also supposed to get a souvenir T shirt -- not a mention of it by anyone at the show.  The VIPS tickets were useless, same seats as general seating, no T shirt and $20 more.I'd suggest you find another venue unless you are pretty desperate, there are a lot of great shows in vegas.
4	The Improv is a great show at a great price. I've been to the show twice so far (they have different comedians every week), and have left happy both times. The venue is comfortable and intimate, they book a lot of great talent, and the drinks are nice and strong.
5	I try and go to Improv once to twice a month- tickets are reasonably priced and they have always had some very good acts!
3	Bob Zany, Zan (Alexandria) Auferheide funny!  Always a good show at the Improv. Zan was so funny, kidding with the Las Vegas audience, those poor Oklahomans! Bob Zany, I've seen on Comedy Central, but his stand up  routine is so much funnier live!
2	Ok this place just wasnt funny.  The only good thing about it was the opener.  If it hadn't been for him I might have walked out.  It was also $39 for a one hour show, which seems steep.  In new york its $25 and is more like 2 & 1/2 hours.  The worst part about it was the waitstaff.  Maybe if they had let me get a slight buzz I would have had a better time.  Most comedy clubs have a 2 drink minimum, but I swear this place seemed to have a 2 drink MAXIMUM.  The waitress gave us the first round and didn't come back anywhere in sight for at least 40 minutes.  Plus, we were paying cash and she wanted us to pay each time she brought the drinks, then stood right in front of us so we couldn't see the show while she was demanding the money.  I mean, it was a wednesday night so maybe I shouldn't have expected much, but for this kind of experience I would say the ticket should be more like half of what we paid.  my advice is to wait for a weekend for comedy in this town
2	The Stagebenders were hilarious, but the rest of the show was terrible. The host kept checking his watch in the middle of his "jokes" and the opener was terrible. The show was super short, too. Thank goodness we got 2 for 1 tickets!
3	I liked this theater, we came to see the very funny comedy magician here. It was very spacious, we had a lot of room to spread out. I got a pins colada and it was pretty good actually, but not great. I had two anyway lol, so it must've at least been ok. I like that it's centrally located on the strip, Harrah's is very close by most things, so it's pretty easy to get to. We did get a bit turned around though, you have to go up a specific set of escalators in the casino to get to this second floor casino  (the ones closest to the strip, not the ones that go up to Toby's that are closer to the front desk). I also didn't like that there's nowhere for a line to form, we were just all crowded around the front door. Anyway, its an ok theater, no frills, not decorated, just a true comedic stage.PSPeople working the bar window, you talk sooo loud that we can hear you during the show, and I mean loud and clear! Tone it down and respect the performer, k :-P
3	You are at the mercy of who is the comedian at the time you go.  Sometimes you can be lucky and get a really good comedian.  Other times, the comedian can be not so good.  So, it can range from 1 to 5 stars depending on who you see.The atmosphere is fine and comfortable.  The Improv is a good place to hang out with friends and enjoy a show.Overall, the Improv is a good value for Vegas.  The price is reasonable.
5	We go to Vegas every summer for about 23 years now.  We hit this show up every time.  The comedians provide a needed laugh when you are losing  your shirt (but having fun doing it).  Booths 7,8, 9 are awesome.  Drinks run about $12 but are strong.  Enjoy
4	I wish I could give this show 4.5 stars because that would be more fair. The comedians were great they get 5/5. They were older but their jokes weren't;they keep up with current events so I got every joke and reference. I give 4/5 stars because their drink prices were ridiculous even for Vegas, but more importantly they kept referencing how empty the room was, granted it was a Wednesday night but it doesn't give you much hope for the show when they keep reminding you that no one is there. Maybe that's why the drinks were so pricey. Overall a hilarious show  I would highly recommend it if you're into stand-up.
4	You can get a ticket book at Harrah's front desks by asking and get a 2 for 1 here.Nice small theater, sit as close as you dare. Difficult to escape being part of the act here, so lighten up. You can see who the headliners are online and listen to a little clip of their shtick on youtube usually; we only avoid the insulter types like Rickles or Andrew Dice Clay types.Moderator, warm up and headliner were all very funny. Drinks were cheap, now THAT's funny. Way better than average standup, moderator was in his 20's, warmup in his 50's, and headliner in her 30's, ALL current and funny. Do it.
4	Great smaller venue for a comedy show.  You can't really rate the venue based on whether the comics were funny or not.  The MC was fairly funny, the first comic was fairly funny, but we went to see Henry Phillips.  The total show was only about 1 hour and that was a little disappointing.  This club seems to be used for at least 4 shows a night, and that's probably the reason for short shows.  I'm giving 4 stars because the VIP seating was extra and only slightly closer (there's not a bad seat in the house).  Also, VIP ticket holders are suppose to get a free t-shirt and they forgot to give it to us. I was very happy though to speak with the main comic (Henry) after the show, get a picture, and he signed a CD that I bought.Also, go to Tix4Tonight for a discount the day of the show.  Our $50 VIP tickets were only $35.  The non-VIP tickets are normally $30 (minus and discount).
4	Took the hubby to see DEFENDING THE CAVEMAN and it was a very nice comedy. Great for couples.
2	Not sure if we got rip off by a Half Off ticket booth in Planet Hollywood, but $180 for 4 is steep for what we witnessed.  I guess I was expecting top talent for Vegas.  I been here about 6 years ago with super funny comedians with Gary Valentine headlining. That's what I expect for this entertainment capital of the world.  But this time was pretty poor.   Sure I laughed more than my share, but you can tell the level was bottom rung.   I been on two carnival cruises recently and they were Vegas quality. The place hasn't been updated in probably 20 years. I don't mind as much but let's get real talent or lower your prices. I always have my local improv if I want to take my chances. Thank you for reading
