5	Kevin Schroyer who owns Primespec consulting is a terrific Home Inspector for single family properties in the Phoenix Metro area.Kevin has been my home inspector of choice for years and I continue to recommend him without hesitation.Prices are very reasonable, the reports are clear and meaningful and well worth what it costs.A true professional, you'll just love Kevin.Stew Keene - eXp Realty
5	Kevin was extremely thorough in his inspection of our soon-to-be new home.  He verbally covered everything with us and went out of his way to help answer our questions.  The written report he provided us with was detailed and included pictures.  It will definitely come in handy when completing the improvements.
5	I have used Kevin Shroyer as my exclusive home inspector for years. Kevin is a knowledgeable and experienced home inspector who is more than familiar with the different things that are a concern of any person buying a home in the general Phoenix area. Kevin stays current on all of the updates and licensing reviews that are required by the state just to maintain a license as a home inspector. He is personal prompt respectful and communicates well with others. I very highly recommend Kevin and Primespec Consulting as a home inspection company.
5	Kevin was awesome! He was EXTREMELY thorough, which is exactly what you want when doing a home inspection. There was not an inch of the home that he overlooked. He pointed out a few potential major issues and several minor issues with the property we are purchasing. The appointment for inspection was scheduled upon the first phone call to Kevin, and he was out to inspect within 48 hours. He arrived exactly when he said he would and went over everything with us afterwards. He provided lots of pictures and great detail in his report. And his report arrived the same day of the inspection- no waiting! And the icing on the cake is that the prices for PrimeSpec are great! Most inspection companies wanted a great deal more and probably wouldn't have been as thorough. I would highly recommend PrimeSpec Consulting if you are in need of a home inspection- we will definitely use Kevin again!!
5	Kevin is AMAZING!! This is the 4th home I've purchased and he was the best inspector ever! Kevin caught every little thing wrong with the home, took almost 200 pictures, just the report alone took an hour to review and 37 pages long. If you want a true inspection to put your mind at ease, use Kevin. He does everything himself and the report is issued the same day. Great service, very thorough, explains EVERYTHING. Wouldn't use anyone else from here on out. Thanks Kevin!!!
5	This company Primespeck was one of the bet experiences of my buying a home process.  From being professional to detailed reports.  Kevin went above and beyond he is experienced and knows is stuff.  The written report has been copied and my handiman knows exactly what needs to be done in priority listing.   very Highly recommended.  Thank you so much
5	I've now used Kevin twice for home inspections and would highly recommend him.  He is thorough, and takes time to discuss the results and answer questions immediately.  Both of my experiences have been long distance so his knowledge of the area and its nuances were extremely helpful.  Kevin is very professional and a pleasure to work with.
5	Kevin did a 1 year warranty inspection for us and was very thorough and helpful. He found items for us that we would have never thought to point out to our builder. Thanks for your help and great expertise Kevin!
5	Great service, Very detailed report that made our buying decision easier. PrimeSpec was very friendly and was available last minute for us. Thanks again PrimeSpec!
5	Received a great comprehensive report with pictures.  He was able to answer all our questions and direct us when he could not.  He went over the report with knowledge and future suggestions for fixes that were needed.
5	Very professional, friendly, and knowledgable. Kevin responded within the hour after we did an online inquiry.  Afterwards, delivered both, a telephonic and email confirmation.  Very informative brief of the inspection and took the time to answer any questions on the spot! To top it off, no hidden fees or surprises!! Highly recommended!
5	Fantastic service! He made the whole home inspection process easy and painless. He was punctual and professional. At the end of our inspection, he spent 40 minutes with us reviewing the full report and showing us important aspects of our home. We had the full report within a couple hours of our inspection. I will recommend to everyone I know!
5	Going into buying is extremely stressful and we are very fortunate to have found PrimeSpec. Kevin was extremely thorough and provided a very detailed report with a lot of pictures. He welcomes the buyer to be present during the inspection and to ask questions. His report was easy to follow and understand and even helped us to negotiate getting important things fixed before moving in! We would highly recommend Kevin to anyone needing an inspection!
5	Fast & Friendly.  He even came out on a Sunday!
5	We have a new home and our home warranty was expiring soon. Kevin came out on a Saturday and was very fast and payed attention to detail. There was no major concerns but he pointed out numerous defects that could of cost us money and problems in the future. He sat down with us at the end and went over the inspection report and what to point out to the home builders and why. We highly recommend him for any of your inspection needs!!
5	My realtor referred us to Kevin at Prime Spec Consulting and I'm so glad he did. Kevin was extremely thorough, professional and timely with his report. I feel confident that no stone has gone unturned and that we know what we're getting into. I would recommend Kevin to anyone including my friends and family!
5	Kevin did a very thorough and comprehensive home inspection in a very timely manner.  His rate was very fair and provided great value for the money.
5	Kevin did two home inspections for us and was very thorough. He went over all of his findings at the time of inspection, and his report followed quickly and detailed everything he discussed previously, including photos. He highlights things that should be repaired, safety concerns, normal maintenance issues, as well as things that should be monitored. He goes above and beyond and is very knowledgeable in many areas. I highly recommend Kevin!
5	Ken was fantastic! I had a feeling when he answered my first call at 7:30pm he was probably one of those people you dont run across too often and he did not disappoint. I have purchased 7 homes in my lifetime and have always had a home inspection. I hesistated this time because in the past they have been ok at best. Not the case with Ken and PrimeSpec. He was very thorough, and knowledgable. He picked up on things I am certain others would have missed but was very clear about what were and were not major concerns. I would not hesitate to use him again and will definitely recommend him! Thanks Ken!
5	Kevin did an inspection for me yesterday on a new build. He was scheduled to do it next week but the builder moved up the schedule and I needed Kevin to do my inspection last minute. He squeezed me in his busy schedule and I can't thank him enough for doing that. He went over everything he found and answered all my questions. Highly recommend.
5	We chose Kevin based on all of his great reviews, and I will gladly add to that list. He was thorough on the inspection and explained every item in detail. Answered all of my questions and took the time to show me the items I wanted more clarification on. He seemed well versed and knowledgeable in every aspect. We have had several home inspections done on previous purchases and I can say I felt much more confident with Kevin than I did with any other inspector. We probably won't be needing another inspection anytime soon, but when we do, I will definitely use him and will recommend him to my family and friends for their inspection needs.
5	After reading the reviews on Yelp Kevin did not let me down.  He conducted a very thorough and complete inspection on our future home purchase.  He let me follow him around some too and taught me a lot about my new home and some things for me to look out for and to be aware of that will help me to take better care of my home.  Kevin's review of his findings with my wife and I after the inspection was very thorough and very helpful for us.  We got the report the same day with lots of great pictures.  Also a part of his deal he links you up with a Termite inspection service (Protection Termite who also did a great job too) that will come out and inspect your home for termites and then give you a 1 year guarantee which is nice.  I give him my strongest recommendation.
