4	I visit this Subway several times a week. Staff are very friendly. Good customer service. Ingredients seem pretty consistently fresh. It's a standard Subway but differentiated by friendly staff and good service.
2	Dude, did you really turn to a co-worker and say, "you take this order, I don't have the patience to wait for this" while my 9-year-old was trying to tell you what he wanted on his sandwich? There were no other customers in the store at the time other than me and my children, so I'm not sure if you just woke up on the wrong side of the bed, or if you somehow mistakenly think that your job doesn't involve serving people no matter how long it takes to place the order.Major customer service fail.
1	Worst Subway I have seen....staff does not wear hair nets....tried to get lunch today but its kinda hard to eat food when they are out of soup, wheat bread, tuna and meatballs.....am I supposed to fill up on chips and soda????
3	Visited this place cause its healthy and close to work. While ordering the Tuna cause it's Friday I asked there are 3 price levels for your salad, I imagine the double chicken is the $7.25 price what are the $6.00 and $5.00 salads? The guy's response was it goes by the sandwiches and those change ever day. I responded it then goes by the different meat put in the salad....which is what....he still could not tell me....his only response was....you basically have to wait till you order then see what the register rings up.  That still doesn't make sense to me...what if I have limited money...I want to order within my budget of a $5.00 salad but they can't tell me what that consists of....is it Ham? Meatballs? Tuna?  Veggies? Am I just not getting it or is it how the menu reads?
5	The staff here is a little wacky and off the wall, but they made good recommendations when I wasn't sure what kind of sauce to get with my sandwich. Also, for some reason it was cheaper for me to get the meal rather than just the breakfast sandwich, so they saved me some money by telling me about that.
