5	No one has reviewed Apache Honda?  I'm amazed.I had a great experience with this place.  I went in there at about 4p on a weeknight, looking for a very specific moped.  This great guy named Josh helped me out.  I could tell he was about to go home for the day, but I could also tell he sincerely wanted to help me and that he knew how important good service is in his field.Josh helped me get my moped (they brought it over from Scottsdale or something), told me how to use it, and even watched me drive it around the parking lot.  He even got me a better loan through Honda, with a lower APR than my bank!I guess one person can make or break your opinion of a place.  I would definitely tell anyone to shop here.  Great experience.
4	I bought my Yamaha TW200 from these guys. I emailed them, asked for a price and then I told them I'd be in after work to pick it up. Totally hassle free and I walked away happy.
5	Had service for a 2005 KLR 650. Very helpful, professional, and friendly. Standard shop rates, but very knowledgeable. I feel the service manager, Troy, really went out of his way. Wish they could work on my car! Note: they won't work on anything older than 10 years old. The showroom looks quite extensive too with Honda, Kawasaki and Yamaha in stock. Used bikes too.
1	Went in and got no help for about thirty minutes. Finally a salesman was free and I informed them I was sent over from another location including what I was looking for. I got three bike literally pointed at and offered no information about the bikes. When I asked about a fourth bike the salesman said "it's a nice bike" I literally talked myself into a bike that was double my budget and the sales guy completely dropped the ball. I will never shop there or recommend that shop to ANYONE. Go to the Scottsdale location and you will be very well taken care of.
1	In there website they had 2012 yamaha raider s with 3100 miles for $8995 I called the dealer before I drove 15 miles I asked them if they had the exact one he said yah. When I got there they were trying to change the story that pissed me off!!!
1	Can I give 0 stars?  When I walked into the showroom,  the salesman approached me with an attitude that I was bothering him!  I asked for the best price OTD on the motorcycle I wanted and he gave me a price that was 10% ($700) higher than the price I was quoted with Western Honda.  I told the salesman that price is high and he said "Go buy it from Western Honda"  He did not bother to ask me if I was paying cash (which I was) or try to add incentives to encourage me to buy from him.  I have never dealt with a salesman like that in my life (and I am no spring chicken).   If they treat everyone this way, I wonder how they sell anything!  Don't waste your time, as far as salesmanship - total incompetence.  By the way, he lied to me about the price they had advertised online.  Dishonest and rude, if that is what you are looking for, by all means visit this shop.  The salesman was a total dufus and you can get a much better deal on a Honda with Western Honda.  I wish I had the salesman's name, but of course he did not bother to introduce himself.  He was an older gentleman in the first office on the left.
1	i bought a 1999 honda shadow ace. i called for honda serviceing . they refused,said my bike was tooooooooo oldddd!!!!!!!!! they recomended me to a mexican guy two miles away. who charged me $184.00 for parts he said he was ordering from apache honda. then he charged me for  4 hours of labor at $240.00. !! they both burned me , never again .
1	DO NOT SHOP HERE!Went in here hoping to get help, admitting I didn't know much and they made me feel stupid. Very rude, short, and too cool for school. If you want good service goto bobs used motorcycles. I would rather throw my bike in a ditch then spend another dollar here, amazed they're still in business
1	BUYER BEWARE!!!!!!One month is long enough to wait for a refund of a deposit you made, right? Especially if you were persuaded to pay the deposit for a motorcycle that turned out to have been damaged in an accident? And they only told you after you insisted 5 times on some documentation?And here it is a month later, and they have not refunded my deposit.But ... I'm not through with them.My experience here was so negative that I bought a bike from a private party .... at least you can look them in the eye & gauge their character.HOW DO THESE PEOPLE STAY IN BUSINESS?????
2	Came here with my sister to get her scooter (puma)oil change and they said they can't change the oil and we understand but then we go ahead and try to ask if they sell the type of particular oil but they don't even want to answer the question, and acted like we weren't even there and because we didn't buy the scooter there. Service not good but have a good selections of bikes. Not recommended.
2	Cool store!
4	We purchased two brand new Yamaha Bolts from these guys for my wife and I. Did business with their Sales Manager Ronnie. No going back and forth on price like we experienced at another local & well known dealership (RN).  Made him an offer he countered we accepted and the rest was all about making our experience the very best it could be. They even delivered to our home next day for free! Since then we've talked to both Troy and Eddy in parts and service to plan our first maintenance along with some OEM upgrades and they too were all about - how can we help you! Let me add just one final note here. These guys don't just sell bikes they also ride them professionally and that means you're going to get some real good information in the process of your buying experience. - Visit these guys if you're looking for a good deal, great follow up support and no pressure.Update: Hello Mike. I do not want to make this a big deal but at the same time I thought you should know about something that happened to us recently. As you are already aware we bought our two brand new Yamaha Bolts from Ronnie. We then scheduled to have some aftermarket parts and accessories installed. 2 Vance and Hines Twin Slash Exhaust, 2 V&H Air Intakes and 2 V&H FuelPaks were among a few of the items. The FuelPaks were never programmed correctly. The bikes were doing a lot of back firing and the throttles were both very touchy. I called the shop and spoke with Chris and asked him if they were sure they programmed the two FuelPaks properly, and he assured us they did. So after that I called V&H and had them walk me through the 5 minute programming process and all but 5 numbers (out of the 49) were off. V&H said the Paks do not just reset themselves so we cannot explain this to you. V&H said once they are set they are set. My wife's bike also ended up with a gash on her tanks factory pin striping. Again I do not wish to make this a big deal. I did call and talk to Eddie and he apologized for the trouble. I will admit that this did cause us to have some reserve when considering future service there. What I would like to now ask is if you think you could help find us the replacement black pin stripping that goes on the tank. We are more than willing to pay for it ourselves, in fact we insist. I have looked online myself but could not find it anywhere. Well thank you Mike for your concern in matters like this. Robert S.
