1	Well, let's see they ruined my prom dress a week before prom, I do believe it was an over priced service also. They were really rude about it also they didn't care the dress was cut side ways and 4 inches shorter than asked. They were rude and just didn't want to help, so I asked for a refund and she refused when I asked for her name she refused which she has the right too after an hour of asking if they could fix what they ruined she just was no help, I am currently under going a law suit for them because not only did I waste 200$ on the dress I spent 75$ getting it ruined and was treated terribly.
1	I went in on Wed for a shirt to be altered for an important work event. I told her I needed it by Sat. I went today and alteration wasnt done. She stated she didn't have enough time.Never said that she couldn't have the shirts done on time. No communication and basically blew me off.
1	Terrible cleaning, terrible customer service.Dropped off a pair of winter white pants to be dry cleaned. There were scuff marks at the bottom and a splash stain in the thigh area.  Husband picked up pants and dropped a second pair of linen pants to be pressed.  I went to wear the white pants to a Christmas party and the stains were still there!  When I picked up the second pair of pants I made the mistake of paying before I inspected. I had also brought the first pair back and showed them the stains that were still there.  She said "we did the best we could".  I was considering leaving them to try again but decided against it if that was the "best they could do".  I had already paid for the second pair that was only there to be pressed and it was FULL OF WRINKLES!  I said "this is full of wrinkles" and she offered to press them again. I waited while they supposedly tried again and they looked no better when they came back the second time. I said "this isn't any better". She told me that the material was difficult to press.  I told her I knew that and that's why I didn't do it and brought it to a professional.  I asked for a refund and she said no. The man (owner?) came out and told me to leave because I wasn't talking nice to them.  SERIOUSLY?? Any reputable cleaners would have given a refund especially since they had screwed up two times.
