4	In Phoenix for business and my hair really needed help. I called around Scottsdale and downtown and couldn't get booked anywhere last minute on 4th of July week. When I was booked easy breezy at J Anthony I was a little apprehensive what I'd be getting myself into. Well Cave Creek is just another 10 min north and J Anthony while unassuming from the outside is spacious and clean with a busy pleasant atmosphere. All the stylists rent their booths which gives it an indepent and easy going feeling, if a little casual for my taste. However, quality is not sacrificed at all. I highly recommend Suzanne. She listens and knows her color and cut. Will take care of you and your hair even if she knows you are visiting and might not be a regular customer. Uses great products. Takes the time to match your hair tone to compliment skin color and is friendly and chatty,...or not if you want. Suzanne also gives an outstanding head massage, making beauty time also equal relaxation time. And, it won't break the bank for good service and looking your best! An awesome find!
5	I went to see Suzanne yesterday and I couldn't be happier with my decision.  Suzanne took her time, listened to my concerns and discussed with me what she thought would be best.  I agree, she does use the best of products and when you walk out of there you feel like a million bucks and will definitely want to become a regular client of hers.  Her prices were within range and she truly takes the time to make sure you are 100% satisfied before leaving the salon.  I'm just sayin you won't be disappointed.
5	I recently had my hair done by Suzanne, and I couldn't be happier!! Most of my family and I have been going to her for 10+ years. She always does an amazing job for both men and women. I got my hair dyed this time. I sent her a picture of what I wanted ahead of time, and she went out her way to track down the perfect colors for the job. She really cares about her work and making sure it is perfect. Again, I couldn't be happier about my hair. So glad she's at a salon right around the corner from my house!
5	It was my first time going here and after a year of not cutting my hair I was more than pleased with the service and the outcome. Robyn was my stylist who happily took my walk in appointment and helped me understand what I really wanted. I was super happy to find a new salon and stylist at a decent price.The atmosphere was pleasant and upbeat and all of the staff were more than welcoming and helpful. They have a wide range of services including a new facial service coming in September so maybe I will come back for more pampering.
5	In early August stylist Stephanie Johnson styled my hair for my wedding and I couldn't have been more thrilled with the results. She started early and finished quickly with star quality results. She is deff a pro and SO talented at up do's. I had a tear up moment and my make up washed away right before the photographers came and she fixed me up so you couldn't ever tell there was a problem. I would highly recommend visiting Stephanie at J Anthony for a special event up do or color or just a basic cut and style because this lady knows her stuff!  I only wish I lived closer so I could get the glamor all the time.
5	After years of paying way too much to get my hair done, I found Stephanie Kain (Johnson) who is the BEST! I have followed her now for nearly 10 years and always refer my friends!I prefer natural color & highlights. I have random strangers tell me they can't believe my 4 year old daughter's hair is the EXACT same color as mine- ha, I always say...."I'll have to thank Stephanie!" She listens well and is diligent to give you exactly what you want. She has reasonable prices for excellent quality!
5	I have been seeing Abby with Skintologyrx. I go in once every 4 weeks for a Dermaplane and oxidation treatment. I started with Abby a few months ago soon after I got engaged and wanted to get my face and skin glowing and prepped for my big day. These were the two treatments Abby recommended for me as everyone is different. My favorite part however is that ABby really takes a different approach than most others by  showing me how to balance my hormones naturally and obtain moisture from the inside out. She had me get on Barleans Womens Essential(found at Sprouts) and wow what a difference. My hair, skin and nails are amazing. She doesn't just care about selling product like most others she truly cares about the end result and the process to get there. I highly recommend you go see her if you want to change your skin from the inside out and take corrective measures. You WILL SEE A MAJOR DIFFERENCE!!!
5	Abby skintology rx is amazing! I've gone to her for a while now, and my skin has improved tremendously. The thing about Abby, is that she helps the skin heal from the inside out. She's HEALED my skin and not just made it aesthetically appealing. She's really great. I definitely recommend her.
5	I was so blessed to find Abby w/ SkintologyRx. I have been going to see her for several months now. She has helped to totally transform my skin and has me on a path that my skin and I are so excited about!! I love that she customizes a treatment plan specifically for my skin! She is very knowledgeable and thoroughly explains each treatment. She is also very personable and always makes me feel totally comfortable! It has always been a hard thing for me to be without makeup in front of anybody, but she always makes me feel beautiful and confident. I love her so much that I followed her to J Anthony Salon & Spa. Make an appointment with Abby; I'm confident that you will not regret it!!
5	I recently moved here from New York City, I was so excited to find Abby at Skintologyrx.  She is extremely knowledgable and thorough.  She is very serious about making you look your best.  She takes the time to assess what your skin needs during each visit.  I always get compliments after I see her about how great my skin looks.  Plus she just has great energy and just makes you feel pampered!
5	Since I have been seeing Abby from skintologyrx I have noticed a huge improvement in my skin. I am 31 years young and have seen many estheticians and tried a ton of different products over the years. No one has been able to make a difference in my skin like she has. Absolutely amazing service, results, and product recommendations from Abby. She is the best.
5	Abby from skintologyrx is amazing. She is extremely knowledgeable when it comes to skin. I have seen her numerous times over the last year and she has made my skin glow. My face feels like it just drank a glass of milk every time I see her. She keeps it super simple with a regimen anybody has time for.(even me...single mom of 3 works full time) I had stress acne on my chin, my face was extremely dry itchy and it hurt. In just 1 session she calmed my face and I saw results immediately. And this new make up!!! It's amazing. Everyone needs to go see Abby for this corrective makeup!!! Oh and the derma planing! Love it... She always follows up to make sure your loving your face. Amazing customer service...I have referred several friends and they all love her and are regular clients now.
5	I went to J Anthony salon and spa and had a wonderful experience with Abby I have had dermaplaning done before but she is the best and when you meet her you will fall in love with her. She is also an expert in Oxygenix makeup. I would never go to anyone else but Abby and the makeup is fabulous. It was a wonderful experience and she has taught me a lot there's no other place to go but J Anthony salon for derma planing and ask for Abby
5	Abby from skintology Rx!!!! Wow I only wish I had taken before and after photos of my skin.  I had been dealing with the worst adult acne and scars for so long and she came to my rescue.  My skin is smoother than its ever in my life been.  I like that she took a natural approach to treating my skin and even recommended some supplements for me.  I recommend her to all of my friends and family all the time.  My wedding is fast approaching and I thank my lucky stars I found her because my skin will be ready for the big day!
