4	Hello friends,Well, this place has been open for almost 2 months. I've been waitin 4 someone to try it out and review it before I tried butttttt no one did, soooo here I Am!!I finally used this advertisement that was placed on my door. (Free Pizza...LG Deep Dish 1 Topping.  No purchase necessary) I was out and about so instead of delivery I did carry-out. When I walked in (Sporting my OHIO STATE shirt, I was greeted with a big smile from Joseph) he simply greeted me with O-H. When I heard that, I  replied with I-O!! I KNEW I WAS N A GOOD PLACE. No problem with my Free pizza coupon asked if I wanted to order anything else so I did. Honey BBQ wings. Waited bout 15-20 mins. I'm what one may call ummm how do you say, a food lush, greedy! I'll just say my mom called me Yum Yum Eat em Up when I was younger. Saying that, to say before I backed out of the parking lot I inhaled a wing. Slap Yo Momma good. When I made it back I opened up the pizza box and was happy to see some good oowee goowee cheesy pizza. I will say the sauce (like in other reviews for the other locations) was missing I'd say a Pinch to a Punch of salt. It wasn't bad, but wasn't the greatest. I will def be back. They offer a few different types of crust. (Like HH Pizza) There are a number of 4 seat tables. Some in the front and more to the back. The front section looks more appealing due to the big windows. Drink machine and two tv's (nice BIG TV's). Now the next problem ill have is where to take a nap, but that's NOT their fault. Like I said, I was called Yum Yum Eat em Up. TTFN
1	Wife and I both got sick over their pizza.  It didn't taste right.  I did like the peppers they use.  But that's the only nice thing I have to say.
1	Horrible experience...save your time, money and taste buds. Ordered online beef, mushroom and black olives. I received what I ordered but with pepperoni.  I called to let the manager know,  the employee that answered the phone said "dont eat it we will need the pizza back and it will be at least 45 minutes before we can get you a pizza out to you" I asked for the manager and he shifted the the mix up as a corporate issue because what we ordered included pepperoni even though it never mentioned pepperoni on line when ordering "BOLD FOLD". Needless to say the manager was an inept moron. I work in the customer service industry and obviously this guy doesn't know the first thing about servicing and maintaining his customers.  The correct solution would have been...please allow me to remake your pizza and get it out to you as soon as possible and please accept a credit for a future pizza.  That is how you maintain and grow your customers... IDIOT MANAGER. needless to say i demanded my money back and they came and picked up the pizza. NO EXCUSES IDIOT MANAGER. I will be sending this to corporate hopefully they can use this as a training tool or to relieve some inept managers from their duties.
1	Went to this place several times when first opened. Good pizza and good service. The last two times was poor. Went yesterday (10/24) Called in a carry out. Rep stated 15-20 mins. Arrived---no pizza stated 5 more mins,-- no problem. I waited and waited and waited and waited. 45 mins later it was ready with No apologize, nothing. I asked several times how much longer, each time 5 mins. End result: poor customer service, pizzas were wrong when I got home But they were good. It was apparent by looking thru the glass of the pizza making process several new people were working but not trained well. Would not suggest this place considering there is about a dozen pizza joints within 2 miles. But this would be a good location to open a real pizza restaurant.
5	Fantastic pizza, especially the deep dish. I called with a coupon from one of those Citipass books and had no trouble using it. I did pick up and the pizza was ready by the time I got there and they got the order exactly right. No issues at all.
