4	It may not be the most elegant or ritzy venue in town, but it gets the job done and is easy on the eyes. It probably has a history to it as well.My only problem was that it was extremely hard to move around in the lobby. You'll obviously get this at most venues, but this one seemed particularly bad.Be sure to check out the mural on the river side of the building.
4	A really nice, smaller theater.  I always think of it as the little sister to the Benedum.  I have seen plays, ballet, and movies here.
3	Good place to see dance. Steep rake on Mezzanine seating
4	This week has really shaped up to be the "Susan World Tour, 2010" as far as concerts have been concerned.  Okay, "World Tour" might be stretching it a bit.  Let's just say it's a "Pittsburgh Metro Area Tour 2010".  I went to the Byham Theater last night to see Richard Thompson in concert last night.  The funny thing is, I have none of his CDs in my collection, and only a "Best Of" that he did with his ex-wife, Linda Thompson.My only exposure to his solo work spanning 30 years has been what I've heard on WYEP and I believe he's done a couple of TV shows for PBS.  Oh and don't forget a You Tube I saw of him doing the Britney Spears tune "Oops I Did it Again".  Trust me folks, it works as both send up and on its own.  I read a great quote on You Tube, which went something like "If there were any justice in the world, Richard Thompson would be on the radio and the only microphone Britney Spears would need would be the one at the Burger King drive up window."  So true.Thompson played a lot of material from his new CD, "Dream Attic", followed by a lot of favorites.  Thompson, 61, had a great quote in the Tribune-Review, "You don't expect a filmmaker or novelist to taper off after they're 40 years old; you expect their best work after 40. I really don't see why that shouldn't apply to popular music."The Byham itself is a little on the unspectacular side, but still a good place to see a show.  It's size works perfectly for acts like Thompson.  The Byham was originally a movie theatre and it was once called the Fulton.  It operated as such until the 1990s or so, probably the last cinema showing regular films downtown.  I recall the Fulton Mini which showed a lot of art and indie flicks.  My seat (and yes I went alone) was on the main floor and I thought the sightlines and acoustics were very good.  It works well for acts that play in theaters instead of arenas.
4	This is like a mini Benedum Center.  It's another beautiful theater to see great shows in the Cultural District!  There a couple key tips when booking tickets to this theater:1.  Never ever sit on the Orchestra Right or Left sides unless you're the first 2 seats from A-G.  The Right and Left farther back you shouldn't go further in than the first 4 seats.  If you sit against the wall you'll probably have paid to see half the show...since that's all you'll be seeing!2.  If you choose a seat in the center on the floor you're golden, even if you're at the very back.  The theater is small and only holds about 1,300 seats so you'll see great from anywhere in the center.3.  The Mezzanine and Gallery sections (balcony) are very tight.  Meaning there's not a lot of room between you and the row in front of you.  So keep that in mind if you're tall.  Keep away from the far sides if you can again, because you'll get an obstructed view.This is coming from a ticketing insider, I want you to enjoy the experience!
5	I can't give this Theater any less rating, considering my experience!!  I drove to Pittsburg, from Philly, to see Puscifer on March first.  I had the VIP package so spent a little more time in the venue.  The preshow sound check was amazing and we were given some history before the band performed their two songs!!  Very cool stuff, like the paintings on the ceiling used to be males, but were repainted as females!!!  If you look at their faces, you see the masculine features...kinda creepy!!  Haha   We were seated about 15 rows back for the preshow, and the sound was great!!For the show itself, we were in the third row, which was basically on the stage!!!  Incredibly intimate setting, and it's hard for me to think of a better show that I've seen!!  The theater was clean, comfortable and fresh, yet you could see the history through the design.  The staff was very polite, and I'm not familiar with Pittsburg, but I easily navigated around and ran into really cool people!!!  I'd go see another show there anytime!!!
4	We are blessed to have this theater in our city. The Byham's spent a significant amount of money restoring the former Fulton Theater into the majesty of this venue which is carrying the entrepreneur and author William C. Byham family name.For those unaware Byham  is a highly successful Ph.D., and is president and cofounder of Development Dimensions. His Ph D. is in Industrial and organizational psychology. His most famous book  Zapp, has been translated into nine languages,and  has sold more than 2.5 million copies.  Ergo lots of money into his accounts and through his ideals, lots of money to give back to society and Pittsburgh. His money making theme is, promoting empowerment in organizations and behavior interviewing which has been very well received in the business world. His contribution to behavioral interviewing has changed the nature of job interviews. I myself have conducted dozens if not hundreds of job interviews of candidates using his concepts on behavior based concepts. His company DDi says millions of managers have been trained in Targeted Selection and it has been adopted by 3,000 organizations around the world.  Okay so that is how we got this place in the Burgh. I thought this was worth discussing the history and the person responsible while doing a review on the Byham..At the Byham there is a nicely restored lobby although a little small in size and the theater seats are a little small and short, but again this is a great venue for intimate performances. Certainly smaller than the Benedum and Heinz Hall so you feel a closer to the performance on stage.Linda and I have been here many times, mostly for the Pittsburgh Ballet Theater productions which usually do at least one production here every year.There are many great performance here each year; do not hesitate to attend, you will not be disappointed in the venue..
4	The Byham is smaller than other theaters in the cultural district, but the acoustics are very good.  I saw Puscifer here and even in the balcony, the sound was clear and nothing was phased out.  It's cool that they have a variety of shows--ballets, plays, movies, and rock concerts--all under one roof.
3	This is a charming little theater in the cultural district downtown.  It has nostalgic feel to it and is a more intimate than other theaters in the area.Acoustics and lighting were good. My advice is to be careful where you buy your seats.  There are many places, especially on the sides where there are many things that could block your view.  Also, seats in the balcony have NO leg room.  As someone who is 6' with a fiance who is 6'4, It was very uncomfortable.
5	Better late than never!We saw Gilberto Gil here in November 2012. Totally awesome theater for an intimate show like this! For those who don't know who the above artist is, he is a totally rocking out 70 year old Brazilian musical juggernaut who was their country's Minister of Culture from 2003-2008, but I digress...As another reviewer mentioned, this theater reminds one of a smaller version of another wonderful theater close-by. It has many accoutrements of yesterday, including a beautiful lobby and gorgeous frescoes inside. During our experience there, we were inspired to dance, and found the space between rows to accomodate us well - although I did feel sorry for those behind us, since we probably blocked their view. (They were the only people left sitting in the entire place when we gave it up and started shaking our booties... Yikes!)Overall, this is THE place to go and see artists bring down the house. Read several of the other reviewers' notes regarding the seating here, because it is fundamental for your enjoyment of the show. We sat in the center floor region, and were totally enthralled by the show!Courteous staff, great shows, and a classic venue.Will definitely be back!
5	What can I say? I love this little theater! Shows here are much more intimate and the architecture is DIVINE! ( literally with little cherubs on the walls )
4	This delightful old vaudeville theater is a fine and intimate place to see a concert such as Richard Thompson and his son Teddy Thompson last evening.There are many places to park in the vicinity and there are many places to get get a drink, snack, or dinner. (We chose Olive 'er Twist, a nice bar.) We were kindly greeted by an usher who help the door open for us. Inside, the theater has beautiful and elegant architectural details and information about its ongoing restoration. (Byham Theater is over 100 years old.)The sound was excellent. We had good seats. However, as seems to be an issue in older theaters, the seats were too small and too close together. I am 5' 3" and it wasn't enough leg room for me.When you go in, be sure to arrive early so you have time to take in the topless muse mural on the ceiling and the other plaster decorations that make this place looks like a fancy birthday cake.All of the employees of Byham Theater were super friendly and helpful. They also were nicely dressed in a formal way that matched the ambiance of this historic theater. (Houdini played here. That gave me goosebumps.)The bar has bottom shelf wine served in plastic cups, but it's easy to forgive this. You may buy spill-free drink holders and take your drinks into the theater which seems awfully civilized.My only complaint is that the bathrooms and coat check are downstairs. There is an elevator for people who need it.Tickets here were reasonably priced and this was one of the best concert experiences I have had in a long time. The Byham is worth driving for.
3	The musical I saw was magnificent. And the theater wasn't terrible. But our seats in the balcony were very uncomfortable. My seat cushion felt like it had a metal rod in it. After 3 hours my butt hurt REALLY bad. Too much information, I'm sorry... but it's true.The decor was probably once very glamorous, but is now run down. Needs some renovations. There's a bit of a musty smell in the auditorium. And they need new seats!Also there were a few technical issues during the performance that the actors did their best to overcome: bad feedback on some of the mics, especially in the first act, and the spotlight was slow to follow the actors. I'm reluctant to even include this in my review because I don't really know if the theater is at fault here or if it's an issue isolated to the performance. It definitely affected my experience though. It's like they couldn't get it together until halfway through the musical. Another small issue is that if there is fireworks during the night of your performance, you're going to hear them, big time. Not very much soundproofing in the place. It was distracting.I would not spend as much money to go see a show here as opposed to going to the Benedum. But that doesn't mean I won't be back at all... other than some minor issues, the overall experience was a good one. I had fun.
3	My girlfriend and I came here to see a musical performance a few months back. The theater is old and the seats are not very comfortable. However, it is a small theater so although we were in the balcony we could see and hear well.The production we saw was Les Miserables which was done by Point Park college alumni. They did an excellent rendition of this classic musical. We did have problem parking since it is right over the river from our baseball field and they were having a game that night including fireworks! The walls weren't that thick so we could actually hear the fireworks!During the holiday season they perform "a musical Christmas carol" which has singers prior to the performance and then they do a brilliant show. I will probably only come here if there is something that catches my eye but otherwise I don't attend on a regular basis.
4	Took me long enough, but it's time to talk about the Byham Theater. I actually rarely find myself here - I've really only visited for a couple smaller musician tours and for Pittsburgh's hysterical "Off The Record" series - but whenever I do I have a pretty good experience overall. The Byham, like our other theaters, has an "old theater" vibe to it. The ceiling has a gorgeous mural painted on it, the seats are tiny and feature minimal cushioning, and the floors in the seating aisles have carpeted wood planes. The result is a very lovely and interesting aesthetic look, but I have to admit, is it a bit uncomfortable. But on the plus side, my legs don't hurt as much as they have when leaving our other major theaters.What I really like about the Byham though is its size - as someone else mentioned, since this theater seats fewer people than Heinz and Benedum most of the seats in here are great seats, so in that sense it kind of reminds me of the London theaters I visited (where even the cheap seats in the back had an amazing view). The acoustics are pretty good, so as long as the showrunners are careful not to make their music volume louder than their actors' mics, you'll be able to hear and enjoy your show.Other reviewers have talked a lot about the history and restoration of the Byham, so I'll end my review with this - this is a lovely theater, and definitely worth visiting, just like the other theaters in our fantastic Cultural District. Be sure to check the performance schedules here as well as at the Benedum and Heinz Hall so you don't miss the latest and greatest in downtown shows!
4	My friend and I came here to watching the premiere of "A Musical Christmas Carol." (Hats off to Rachel C. and Yelp for the free tickets!). This was our first time at Byham Theater, but getting here wasn't too bad for a rainy Friday evening. It does seem a little out of the way in comparison to Benedum Center and Heinz Hall, but that wasn't much of an issue for us. We walk in and, despite its age, the interior looked as regal as it can be. All the ushers were very pleasant and helpful. I was a tad embarrassed when I had to ask for directions to the seating area, but the ushers smiled and showed me the way without a hint of exasperation.I noticed before I entered that there is a snack and refreshment bar adjacent to the seating area. My friend and I had already eaten a nice dinner, so we didn't purchase anything. But there is that option for those who are a little hungry or parched.The overall musical was excellent. I actually came expecting to hear a banal story with a little music. I was pleasantly surprised to watch all the characters come to life and tell the story with a refreshing and entertaining performance. From the miserly turned joyful Ebenezer Scrooge to the youthful and friendly Jacob Marley the ebullient and entertaining Mr. and Mrs. Fezziwig, the entire cast did a great job portraying Dickens's "A Christmas Carol." I felt a warm and fuzzy feeling inside me towards the end of the musical.The venue itself is a decent size. A large orchestra section and balcony section. My friend and I sat towards the back right orchestra. Despite our distance from the stage, we could hear all that was being said (granted, most of the cast had microphones). I'm not sure how the acoustics would have been like without the microphones. Anyway, we had a great first experience at Byham Theater. I look forward to watching other performances here.
4	My return visit brought me to see the annual "Musical Christmas Carol" featuring Tom Atkins as Scrooge, Tim Hartman and Terry Wickline in multiple roles but best featured as the Fezziwig couple. All gave outstanding performances.The musical delves more into the story as to what led Scrooge to become a miser in the first place and continues with the familiar book.  We had great seats in the orchestra and were able to hear and see very well.The people in the theater are very friendly and helpful. They even offer large print editions of your program. However, as I have been noticing in recent musicals I've seen they tend to take out the synopsis of scenes and musical numbers. In this case it wasn't hard to follow along but can be when viewing a different musical.The theater itself is small and I'd compare it to the size of an actual Broadway theater since those theaters must seat at least 500 to be considered a Broadway theater in NY. We didn't use the restrooms but I did notice some handicapped individuals so I figure it must be handicap accessible.On Saturdays before Christmas the parking lot across the street from this theater offers free parking which makes a nice perk.Christmas just won't be the same with a tale of Ebenezer Scrooge and this one is done very well. It is a must for the holidays and discount tickets are available to those under 14.
4	Though I have been to multiple shows at several of the other theaters in Pittsburgh, I was excited to finally check out the Byham Theater earlier this month. It's a pretty, old theater, and my husband and I spent several minutes staring at the ceiling.
