4	I first ate at Graze Desert Grille last year when this North Scottsdale resort was called Xona (it's now Zona). I believe this grille had a different name then, too. I stayed at this resort facility while in town looking for an apartment.  Last year I had breakfast a couple of times, and I remember that it was really good. You can choose items, including healthy care, from the menu or you can take advantage of the breakfast buffet. Fast forward to now, when I live here and saw a post on Facebook about their brunch. I decided to drive up there after church last Sunday and have lunch. The place was quiet and I took a spot at the bar, where I was well taken care of. I had the Chicken Sonoran sandwich with avocado slices and their sweet potato fries with ranch. Yum!The service was great, and I was kinda glad there weren't many people in there...I was looking for some peace and quiet. The only thing I would change is to add more items to the menu. Tips: -- Drive in via Zona's main entrance and park in the parking lot there (in front of the main doors, as if you were parking to check in). As you're walking towards the main entrance, bear left and Graze is there by the patio. -- The patio has misters!
5	Dinner is hour is normally 5:00 PM. It was 4:00 . I was tired & hungry from a long trip. My waiter, Eric said, "don't worry, I'll see what can be done. Just pick out your dinner". When my rib eye came, it was cooked exactly as I requested and absolutely perfect in every way. I told Eric that apparently you don't have a cook here, you have a chef. Even the food presentation was great. Went back for lunch the next day and was not disappointed. Lunch prices were reasonable & plenty of food. Keep up the good work. Captain Jack
4	Good eats, I had the hummus once and then the grilled cheese. Both were great. The food came out really late (late enough that you notice it's been a long time) both times.Usually it doesn't get too busy for lunch and there are always tables. There are TVs in the bar area.
5	Awesome service from the ridiculously good looking staff, chic and ultra hip decor (outside seating with heating lamps and view of the river). Oh yeah the food tasted delicious!  They also make a really mean bloody mary...one of the best I've ever had.  I really hope Graze opens a restaurant in the bay area soon since I probably won't be visiting Scottsdale anytime soon.
5	Located in the Zona Resort - the Graze Desert Grille & Lounge turns out to be one of the best places to eat in the area - or at least out of the places I've been.The atmosphere whether dining inside or outside is wonderful, though outside is the best. This time when I was there - they had live entertainment - a "Cover Band", which the duet sounded extremely good.The cleanliness was spot on, the service was great and the food was spectacular. My family confirms my rating and have tried to decide when we were going to eat there again, because they liked it so much! Everyone had something different from the large selection of top quality food and each enjoyed their selections. The price are comparable to any upscale restaurant - but just when you might think you'd have to dress up to go - think again. Other then walking around with golfers and business people - you can feel right at home in a pair of shorts and of course shirt and foot attire!This was the very first place I ever tipped the chef - with a drink of his choice. My son is a chef and had complained that the waitress gets the tip, but he never did - funny or not - I decided to tip the chef here and haven't been disappointed with the food ever! It was just a bit difficult explaining what I wanted to do - seems no one has ever done that before.Now for breakfast - in addition to a large selection of choice - they also have the buffet - a bit high in price, but the selection is good, the food is great and you can always order eggs your way or an omelet when you get the buffet.  I'm the lucky one - if I don't get back this trip - I will the next - while my family will just have memories of great food, nice views, entertainment and friendly staff!
3	Bf & I had a couple breakfasts at Graze while staying at the Zona. For a resort, I thought prices looked pretty typical (a few bucks higher than what you'd expect) and the food was just A-OK, as there isn't much to screw up when it comes to breakfast. Both times we were seated right away, which was nice. We opted for the patio since the weather was so pleasant (and because I insisted). Whoa, we were not prepared for the birds. It was seriously like we'd stepped into one of Hitchcock's scenes. They were everywhere, picking at people's food the second they got up and generally just being annoying. Our waitress said "ugh, yeah those are a problem". So, uh, do something about them?Our breakfasts were okay. I opted for the 'Heart Healthy" egg-white omelet (both times) and enjoyed the spinach, tomato & onions with a dash of the hot sauce that was on the table. I was pretty bummed the second time I ordered it, as it was drastically overcooked, but I ate some of it anyway. The fruit it came with was pretty fresh and a good accompaniment. Bf tried a regular omelet and then a breakfast burrito on his second visit. Wasn't wowed either time, but ate his fill. The potatoes that come with most meals were kind of dry and bland so I'd suggest swapping for a fruit cup. You can't order a cup of coffee here, instead they bring you a carafe. Coffee was $7 for both of us and we weren't able to finish it all. Womp womp. I probably would have liked the variety of the Breakfast Buffet, but I wasn't prepared to stuff myself with $17.50 worth of food before noon. My favorite part about breakfast? The mini jars of Bonne Maman jams & preserves. The raspberry is amazing and I made a mental note to order some online. We did visit the bar with a group of our friends one night, but after a round of $12 shots we decided we could have just as much (or more) fun somewhere else.
3	I had breakfast meeting here before my manager headed out of town, and I loved the deco of the restaurant. We were told to take a seat wherever we like and we grabbed a table near the middle of the restaurant. We quickly decided on what to get - I had the breakfast burrito and my manager had the chicken fried steak. The burrito was good, it came with a small bowl of fruit and a side of refried beans and salsa. It wasn't earth shattering but it was good and very filling. Our server, Ella, was great and very attentive. Because it's a resort restaurant, I'm not sure how soon I'll be back, but there lunch and dinner menu looks good so I may visit sooner than later.
1	this place has so much potential but was awful. The bar at night was ok but lunch was AWFUL! we had heather as a server. She disappeared for about 20 minutes after we ordered. We had to go into the bar area ourselves to get our own water. After that we waited about another 20 minutes for our food and it was not anything special. The fries were COLD. not room temp even but actually cold. Very disappointing.
5	Had a lunch meeting at Graze Desert Grille, and really enjoyed my experience. I ordered a turkey wrap, as I am a sucker for wraps, and was very impressed. Oh, and the BBQ sauce is incredible! I got a tour of the resort, too, which was the cherry on top. I can't wait to go back for another meal at Graze.
3	The food was not bad at all. The service was a little slow but very accommodating. I only gave it 3 stars because we like to truly taste our food, the pasta diablo, (unsure the exact name) the sauce tasted like it came from a spaghetti-os can, the breadsticks that came with it however were great!!!  The asparagus salad was very good and the BBQ sliders were just ok. Nothing to write home about but wasn't really disappointed either.
3	My breakfast sandwich on the everything f bagel was really good. Came with a side of potatoes. Sitting outside was perfect in this Arizona summer weather but the bird poop on all the chairs was a little disappointing. Friendly staff, if a little slow still seemed like a busy place.
