5	Got a men's cut here back in August and was very impressed. I took advantage of the $5 off new customer discount. I happened to be there the same day the owner was and got to chatting about the business, etc. It's a nice concept for men wanting a good haircut, with style advice, etc. My biggest problem is going to a place and having to know exactly what I want to tell the barber. Here the stylist will consult with you and make sure you get the right cut. It was a more upscale version of Sport Clips in my opinion. They even used a straight razor to trim things close. I highly recommend!
5	Absolutely amazing.  Traci truly know her way around mens hair.  The shop is always clean and they always make you feel at home and comfortable.  I appreciate great service, not just a great haircut.  I have referred tons of people there and they are happy and now regular customers.
5	This place is amazing. Make sure you get the shave and everything. They give you hot towels, a hot lather shave, massage, shampoo. Seriously amazing.  Make sure you get an appointment with Emmili. She knows great men's style and is really great and laid back. I got a great old school gentlemen's hair cut, shave an they shaped my goatee. I can't speak highly enough of Emmili and MUGG. Go here!
3	This place is alright. I felt like my haircut was rushed. The lady barber (I forgot her name) spent about 15 minutes. The place I personally like best (Gentleman Joes) spends nearly 45 minutes doing the same cut (with better results, including a head message). Plus, thought it a bit odd that a few women were there getting their hair cut.
5	Today, I decided to "cheat" on my barber to give this place a try because it was closer to home for me and also because it has received such good reviews. Walking into the shop, it had a clean, straight-to-business feel which I am a fan of. I didn't have to wait long after walking in before being approached. Once I was seated, the sweet stylist asked what I was going for and I told her I was open to suggestions. She was very diligent and careful with her (really hate that I didn't get her name) work. Big pluses were that she was sweet, knowledgeable, cleaned up my neck with a straight razor and even massaged my tense neck for awhile. Very nice place. I'd be willing to pay the extra $5 (current barber charges less) to come back here.
1	Made an appointment for my first time visit yesterday and was looking for a style change. I got there for my appointment right at 9:20 this morning. There was a single employee there who was cutting hair and looked at me like I fell off a garbage truck and snidely asked me if she could help me. I told her I had a 9:20 and she said to hold on, it would be a minute. I waited 10 minutes and nothing, so I left.My TIP: Lily, stop looking at yourself in the mirror all the time, drop the 'tude, and do your job.I'll go back to my attitude-free barber for $5 less.
