5	Very pleasant online shopping experince for skiing gear. After I contacted them over  the phone to make sure we receive the item before we leave on vacation, they  upgraded to priority shipping free of charge
5	I went to Fontana to get skis for my kids. In the past we have gotten equipment from the Hoofer's ski swap and REI, but really loved the experience at Fontana so I will be back next year, when my kids outgrow their equipment again. They did a great job fitting the kids with ski boots and encouraged me to keep skis for my daughter for another year. They have a ski exchange program if your kids outgrow their gear and they bought our used gear.I use Fontana for fly fishing gear and got cross country skis for myself, and always have a good experience with their knowledgeable staff. I like supporting local businesses, and often expect to pay more to do so, but in the case of skis at Fontana, I got a much better deal than I would have from the alternatives.
3	I work very near to this store, and used to live near it as well. It's safe to say that I've been to this location at least 20-times since it opened (they were previously located in the space now occupied by Heid Music, on the corner of Big Sky and Mineral Point; I visited the old location dozens of times as well).+ Generally speaking, they have a good selection of outdoor equipment and apparel+ Staff is usually friendly and knowledgeable+ Tent sales (twice a year) are fun, with some good finds/deals- I have purchased in excess of $5k worth of merchandise from Fontana over the years (camping gear, snow shoes, diving equipment, clothing (Icebreaker, Smartwool, TNF, Kuhl, Mountain Harwear), hats/gloves, shoes (Keen, Merrel), boots (Salomon, Keen, TNF), electronics) and am a member of their "rewards club" but I'll be darned if I've ever seen a benefit from being in this club. They always ask if you're a member upon checkout, and they "find" you in the system, but I've never once received any type of discernible benefit. I have a feeling the sole purpose of the "club" is for them to track your purchases.- Every transaction through their point of sale system is handled as a credit transaction. Fine by me, but more expensive for them (in terms of service fees from payment processors).- Checkout often takes a while; especially bad during holidays- Getting in and out of the parking lot in this strip mall is a nightmareEdit: Hi Elizabeth - thanks for the follow-up. I am in your system, with my e-mail address on file. I receive your Monday Mayhem e-mails, but aside from those, I have maybe seen one or two special coupons via e-mail, but it wasn't clear if it was because I am a member of any of your programs.Regarding the credit/debit transactions, I completely understand that you take debit, credit, and cash. However, as a former banker-type, it's surprising that you process all plastic as credit. PIN-based transactions are cheaper for you, from a service fee standpoint. Just my $0.02.I still like the store, and it'll continue to be my primary choice for outdoorsy stuff. Just wish the "rewards" were a little more... well, rewarding. For comparison, my REI dividend will exceed $250 this year. Granted, it's a different program, but it's a little more tangible.
