4	Make sure to check in on Yelp to grab a free glass hairpin made by the owner's wife! Cute and no two are alike!Some nice accessories here! Located on the second floor of Container Park (right side of the entrance) features 30+ local artists' merchandise. Entirely local according to the awesome owner here.From scrabble tile statement rings to glass-blown necklaces and rings, It's an eclectic selection of accessories here. Maybe scrabble tile rings aren't exactly original, but hey you can find them here and not just on etsy or ebay. There's also scarves, knit hats, pendants, earrings, bracelets, and flippy-floppies. They've also got cool artsy gift boxes you can buy for $5 but also gives you a sense that you could make that at home yourself. Artsy postcards/graphic cards are definitely original and one-of-a kind from the local artists around here.Kinda cramped space but again, that's like most of the Contained Park stores. It can seem a bit cluttered with all the artsy items here, but it's fun checking out all the items this way.Great place to check some semi-vintage looking pieces and shop local.
4	Loved walking into this little eclectic, hand-made local art shop!! I couldn't resist buying a funky glass bead bracelet that was local made.  It was fun knowing that everything was hand-made locally, there were all sorts of different things to be inspired by, and much of it in a very reasonable price range.  Make sure you save a little extra time to enjoy the hand-made one-of-a-kind bags that the owners wife decorates. Fun little touch!!
5	Walking into Art Box is like walking into a wonderworld of all things beautiful and handmade.  When I'm in there it is like my eyes are having their own little celebration at this wonderland of eclectic goodies.  They have baby stuff, cute little kitty paintings, every type of awesome jewelry you can imagine, gorgeous crystal suncatchers, motivational posters, adorable little scrabble tile pendants, upcycled items that are unbelievably cool, scarves, wall hangers, candles, very detailed mosaics and amazing glass designs (plates, night lights, rings, hairpins, bracelets) done by one of the owners, Kellie.  You'll have a delight talking to the salesperson - everyone there is personable, fun, kind and they just seem to have a knack for knowing exactly what you want!  That's why I go back again & again - and that's HIGH praise from me!  My favorite item that I got from there is this gorgeous little tile that says 'dream' ... it hangs on my wall and reminds me to dream every day.  I love this little piece of inspiration!
5	The most beautiful unique little shop inside of Container Park. They have all sorts of handmade jewelry, clothing, paintings, and everything you could possibly look for. The owner is amiable and very helpful. They have all sorts of inexpensive beautiful necklaces, earrings, bracelets, pins for men and women. Definitely worth a visit! It's on the second floor by the entrance. Do not miss it!
5	I had such a great experience there!  I was in town for a family reunion and looking for things to do besides gamble. I found this store and just fell in love with everything in it. I definitely recommend this store to anyone visiting Las Vegas!!!
5	What a wonderful find! Terrific selection, great service and a wonderful concept. Get off the strip and stop in to this business. You won't leave empty handed or disappointed!
5	What a fantastic shop! Friendly staff, beautiful items on sale. I'll be back! Thank you for the Doctor Who necklace! I love it.
4	Very nice shop. Be sure to check it out when you're at the Downtown Container Park. Great place to find a gift!
4	The Art Box is a great find!   I often visit the Container Park, but really took the time to walk around the other day.  I love supporting local artists and if you feel the same, this place is for you!  Tom was so helpful and very passionate about his shop.  Next time you're down that way be sure to stop in!
