5	Vegas and Henderson locals know of the secret and hidden charms of B.C. (Boulder City)  It's the tiny little town on the way to Lake Mead and Hoover Dam.Right before you hit Boulder City proper there's a tiny strip mall that houses a phenomenal brunch joint called Two Gals From Cal.Where to start.....their omelets are awesome....try the Olive Oil ( Mushrooms, Spinach, and Swiss Cheese.) or my favorite the Bullet Proof Taco, which is basically a huge taco salad stuffed in a fried flour tortilla shell.......FAN-FRIGGIN-TASTIC!!!It's outta the way but worth it.  Make a day of it and visit B.C. there's lots to see, and I'll tell you all about it soon enough.
5	Two Gals rules.  I remember many, many a trip to Boulder City as a child, mainly for Art in the Park and other events, and we would always stop at Two Gals for breakfast or lunch and it was always, and still is, one of my favorite things about going to Boulder.The old-fashioned feel of it is quaint and homey, and everything there is just so fresh and actually cooked just for you.  The wait staff is friendly and the whole thing has such a small-town charm about it.And the food is always amazing.  Their breakfasts are big and hearty, their quiches are basically gourmet and are pretty well known.  For lunch, they have sandwiches to tempt and sate any appetite along with other selections. Do yourself a favor the next time you go to Boulder:  Skip the A&W.  They have those in Vegas now.  Try Two Gals.  You'll thank me later.
3	Enroute to Boulder City today I somehow caught the "2 Gals" sign in the corner of my eye the signage struck a chord due to the previous Yelp Rockers reviews of the 2 gals I felt I must hit it up so we pulled a U'ey and dined at ze 2 gals.This place would be easy to miss due to the sun-bleached sign. Also, I would've dismissed the joint all together because it comes off like an extra large old man bar or lounge and doesn't come off like a place that serves food.  Inside it feels like you are visiting your grandma's friend's house. The service was friendly and quick. The specials are good and the portions are huge. Holy Crap the water- Y U C K!  The crap water doesn't add up. Isn't this place close to the water supply? The water should be nice, no? Seriously the water is so gross it makes the soda taste bad. Other than that the place is quaint, in a freshly knitted doily kinda way.
1	Sorry folks, on the strength of Yelp we stopped at this place on the way from Hoover Dam to Las Vegas, and it is closed. The restaurant that has taken its place is called Bradley's "Dam" Restaurant and I am sorry to say we would have been happier if we had eaten at the A&W up the road. The service was quite good, but the room is ugly and bare, and the prices pretty high for subpar food. The $8 burger was like something my high school cafeteria made, and the $9 beef brisket sandwich was gray and dry. The fries were decent but nothing special. The baked beans were delicious. The house salad had only three choices of dressing - thousand island, ranch, or bleu cheese. The iced coffee was just drip coffee over ice and tasted like brown water. I've happily eaten in dozens of quirky roadside diners over the years but this place was pretty Dam bad. Sorry, Bradley.
1	Two Gals was great in it's day, but it has been closed for a few years now.
1	Two Gals was good in it's time, but it has been closed for a few years.
