5	My husband and I just moved to the Gilbert area, so we weren't sure where to go for a dentist. Boy, did we luck out when trying this dentist. Dr. Neilson was fabulous. He offers Saturday appointments about once per month, so he saw us on Saturday morning. He was super thorough, pleasant, and extremely concerned about our comfort. He explained everything he was doing, even though it was a routine cleaning. He discovered a chipped tooth and asked if I wanted it filled. He was not pushy about getting it done since it was a small chip, and even offered to do it that day (which I went ahead and did). I felt like he truly cared about my husband and I and our dental health.We hope to be life long patients of this great dentist!
4	Been coming to Dr. Nielson for about 6 months. Had a cleaning, root canal and a crown down by him.  He is very attentive to your needs and constantly making sure you are as comfortable as you cannot be. The staff is professional and my appointments have been on time and efficient. You will not sit for 30 minutes all by yourself wondering where the Dentist is, they are constantly checking on you. Finally, love the layout of this place. You will not be shuffled off to a series of little rooms. There are walls between patients but the design is open. Highly recommend giving Spectrum Smiles a try!
5	My family and I moved to Gilbert in early  2009 which was when we found Dr. Nielsen.  Yes, hes highly skilled in his profession but what makes him stand out is his character. Ya know they type we never see anymore? He' s honest and while trying to make a living and provide for his family he's not robbing you blind in the process nor does he try to sell you any services you don't need nor want. He's there when you need him 24/7.  He can accommodate EVERY type of patient and perform EVERY service needed and with complete competence.  He has a very gentle and kind demeanor so trust is immediately established. My daughter, who trusts Dr. Nielsen had a procedure today which prompted some unusual circumstances and this evening he called our home to check on her. I was deeply impressed and touched.  Also if you call after hours you can expect a call back immediately...again, something that just doesn't happen these days. Spectrum Smiles/Dr Nielsen is someone we will stay with for years to come. BTW his staff is wonderful as well.
5	I have been taking my family here for over a year. I love how great Dr. Nielson is with my kids and he has always made me feel at ease during my appointments and his staff is super friendly. I always used to dread going to the dentist but now it doesn't seem so bad.
