4	I happen to stop by curry in the box this past week, and noticed this ice cream place. There were kids running around- all with delicious looking frozen treats. Upon entering I found a menu in all Spanish which I was unfortunately not able to decipher. But a girl quickly asked me what I wanted. I told her I wanted something cold to drink- she pointed to some juices and horchata they had. I decided to have a small horchoata and pineapple juice to go for me and the hubs. Unfortunately- they did not have have small to go glasses- so she gave me large one's for the price of small!! Now this is fantastic service. The horchato was okay, but the pineapple juice was awesome. In addition to that I took some mango ice cream to go. The ice-cream had good flavor, and chucks of mango- but was a little icy for my taste. They did not have a credit card machine when I went but were expecting to have one by the end of the week. Once they get some of these opening things figured out- it will be an awesome addition to the fitchburg area. Overall I am looking forward to going back :)
5	Alberto the owner was in today and he walked us through all of the flavors. The menu is in Spanish and he could see we were struggling with that. We got a couple of Paletas(Mexican Popsicles). I got a Pistachio which was full of nuts and so delicious. My wife got a Strawberry one that was hand dipped in chocolate, OMG it was die for.And we paid less than $2 each for these!!!Had we went to the chain ice cream place down the street we would have paid double and it would not have been nearly as good.I am going to be back often.
5	Really good!  Ice cream is similar to gelato.  Chocolate dipped bananas and strawberries looked great.  The 'popsicles' looked yummy as well.Knowing 0 Spanish the menu was a bit intimidating, but the staff was friendly and offered samples of the ice cream.We'll be back for a special treat!
5	The flavors were amazing and so many to choose from.  So much better than Coldstone - we will have to come back often to try all the flavors!
