1	This place used to be way better a few years ago when it was a Dannys Family car wash. When Full Circle took over, things went downhill. It feels like no one takes care of anything and feels a little run down. It's worth driving a few miles down the street and go to danny's instead. Probably best to avoid this place.
2	Got the $20 wash. They did armor all inside and out. Car didn't get very clean, but was good enough. Paid way too much for the quality of the wash. Spent very little time wiping the car down.
4	Very friendly, no long lines, quick, consistant service!
4	They did great!
3	Better than most, not as good as the best. Just an avegage wash. Good news, I will be back though. Good enough for that
4	Not perfect, but great job.  Good price and the guy in front doesn't put too much pressure on you to upgrade.  I already know what I want when I go there, so I don't like the upselling pressure. I like the location because it's never super busy.  I can go anytime and not have to wait on average more than 30 minutes.
3	Not a fan. To be honest, I've only come here twice, and only because a friend gave me a free wash coupon. First time I used them I had some items and other needed papers thrown away when I had left them in a front seat pocket out ofthe way. The second time, my minivan auto sliding  door mysteriously had stopped functioning when they had finished. Not sure if they are responsible, but coincidence is enough to keep me away. Then as I am driving away, I notice a very loud rattle in my dashboard where they had been wiping it down. Haven't found the source yet, but it definitely started there. The quality of the wash was average and the vacuum job was very good. For the money though, there are a lot better car washes in the same vicinity.
4	My SUV is 13 years old and has never had a wax job. The finish was dull and faded. Full Circle restored my vehicle's finish like new in about 3 hours.
5	Nice job!! Clean car and great workers. Got wash and wax, my car is so beautiful . The detail guys really do a great job
1	Second time I have used them. Will most likely never come back. Armor all put right over dirt, dust and grime to seal it in. Multiple areas of the interior not even touched! Low quality work, low quality people and now a low quality location after full circle took over from Danny's. All this for $120. Stay away and give your hard earned money to a business that deserves it.
3	I have always gotten a decent wash here.  I just wish you could drop car off without the constant upsale on absolutely everything!   Oil change, wax job, shampoo mats - ugh!  God forbid you have a chip or crack in your windshield, they won't leave you alone.  Not that any other Valley car wash i've been to has been any different!
5	Went to Full Circle and had the $25 wash, every employee had smiles, friendly, they all hustled, GREAT workers and professional.  They did a SUPERB job, on our car, THANK YOU.  We will be back.
1	Just returned from Full Circle Car Wash and I am very disappointed. This is the second bad car wash I have had in the past two weeks. the outside is dirty and has water spots and the inside never got wiped down even though I paid for it. For $20, I would expect a clean vehicle.
1	Terrible! I stopped in here to have my car washed as it was pretty grimy from a 1000 mile drive. Now the trunk release is broken, just found that out now that I'm back in Denver. The guy who did the job pulled it out once he was done and never signaled me to let me know it was ready. I waited and waited, thinking he had more to do to it. Won't be back, EVER!!
5	First time customer. Went here after finding this place on Yelp and reading the reviews. I am so glad that I came here!  I came early... 8:30 am and there were only two other customers here. This is probably why I had such a great experience. I ordered the Platinum wash... It was $25, but when I went to check out I discovered that they offer a military discount of $2... BONUS!!!  The employees (3 of them on my single car) did an amazing job! I couldn't be happier and drove off feeling happy and my car looking great!  Give Full Circle a try... You won't be disappointed!
2	Average at best. I've used their express car wash as well as let them take my car and clean it inside and out, oh and a couple of oil changes. I have noticed that areas inside my car where never wiped down like my dashboard one time or my console or the top of the dash behind the steering wheel and that's been a few times. The attention to detail is not that great but over all they were not horrible and there are some days they did a decent job for the cost.
1	This place is so slow. No one knows what there jobs are around here. I seen the same guy running around the place doing little stuff. He was checking my tires. Now he is sitting next to me watching the football game.  I came for a oil change a car wash. Should take no longer than 45 minutes.  I am hitting a hour and fifteen minutes and my car is still not done. I would not recommend this place.
1	I had 3 bad experiences here before and started using another car wash.  In an emergency I had to use this one again as my regular one was closed.  Same result as the past year.  This place does not care about customer service at all.  Ordered the WORKS.  Prep was ridiculous.  Employees were more interested in playing around and getting each other wet than doing the car.  The equipment is old and does not work very well.The people who dry the car were the same.  Not too concerned with doing a decent job, let along a good one.  Had to ask to have the tire dressing done again because they only did part of two tires.  When I got home I looked closely at the car.  Front windshield still had crud on it.  Interior on drivers side was good but passenger side looked as if they never bothered to wipe the door at all.  The back windshield was streaked so bad I had to wipe it clean myself.  There are too many good car washes in the area to bother with this one.
1	I've been going to Full Circle Auto Wash located at 6951 E Southern Avenue, Mesa, AZ 85209 for several years now and have always been happy,  but today was different.  I had borrowed my son's truck for the day and thought I would fill it up and have it washed before I gave it back to him.   Just prior to stopping for the wash, I put a $2 bill in the empty ashtray. (it's a family joke from when he was a kid) The truck got washed and they did a great job as usual but as I get in and began to drive away,  I noticed the ashtray was left open just a little bit. I opened it up and the $2 was gone. I thought "it's only $2, just leave" but I know as a business owner,  I would want to know if one of my employees was stealing money out of customers cars. I talked to a manager and he did a great job trying to see if he could figure out who took it but there where just too many people that had been in and around the truck.   So if you are going to this car wash,  BE CAREFUL, DON'T LEAVE ANYTHING OF VALUE IN YOUR VEHICLE!
1	Horrible!  I am not sure when it happened, sometime before Groupon and Living Social started selling discount coupons but this place has gone so far downhill.  I use to go and even pay full price and they took time and everything was nice.  As of a couple of years ago I would notice they didn't wipe the back windows on the inside or there would be water spots, or the vacuuming was shotty.  As of late, and I am only going until I use the last of my groupons, the man at check in is rude as can be and so pushy.  Today he starts off with you don't want greasy Armor All do you?  Don't you want to upgrade to a leather cleaner.  Why would he say that what his company uses as standard is greasy and crummy?  He then asks if I am sure I want to stay because there is a 45 minute to hour wait.  I tell him yes.  When I open my door to get out he again says, "I can't believe you want them to put Armor All on your doors.  They are dirty and need a detail"  Anyway, one more trip and I will never be back again.  The truck was minimally vacuumed, still had gum wrappers in the doors, and it was even dripping water when he drove it to me.  Pathetic to say the least and this was a $26 wash at full rate.
