2	wow! Came here on my 21st Birthday. the bartender gave me a free birthday drink which he called around the world, it had every type of Smirnoff flavored vodka and the other half was hundred proof Smirnoff, the shot glass looked like Andre the giants coffee mug!!! Don't remember anything after that, but i got 86'd for passing out on the pool table....Just a reminder, Just say no to drinks that smell like butane!
4	We tried Teakwood's this past Sunday and it was a great experience.  Huge menu with lots of things that sounded yummy - I tried the chopped salad.  Loved that on Sundays kids eat free!  My son also got a kick out of putting the peanut shells on the floor.  Service was good though they did bring me the wrong order but did correct that.  Surprised to find such a nice interior tucked in that strip mall - so nice find a place that is kept up well (I think its been a long time since I've sat in a booth that wasn't all lumpy, ripped or moved around).
4	This is called Tavern Grill now. I liked it before and after the name change. I work by here and eat here for lunch regularly. I would recommend the wings, pretzel, or buffalo chicken sandwich thing. Don't be a wimp, go with the hot, not medium, wing sauce. This is also a good place to drink beer and watch a game (when you are not working obviously). It just got some sort of OTB going as well, but I have not tried that.
4	Looks like I got lucky and found this place after a change in management per yelper Kevin S. I've been here three times in the last month and have been very pleased with the food. I had the huge, delicious meatloaf which is very difficult to finish unless you skipped lunch and have been shoveling ashphalt all day.The Rib and Shrimp baskets are excellent and filling as well; the baskets, softdrink and tip will set you back about $14. The steak fries are the way to go when you order a basket, they were still hot when I finished my last fry. This place is crazy busy when there is a major sporting event. But I will definitely become a regular.
4	The Tavern Grill is my favorite neighborhood joint. The food is a notch above bar food and the service is great. Especially if you sit at the bar. The back room is not great so if you can't sit at the bar, sit in the front section of the house. Sometimes the girls on the floor get a bit rushed...I think they have monster sections...and there is one server who is really friendly half the time and kinda cranky the other half. We call her Ms Bipolar and it is always fun to see what side we will get! But, I don't mean this as a negative, it kind of adds to the joints overall charm. Also, they have these amazing specials every day. We were there Wednesday night and they have half priced wine. Are you kidding? We had a whole bottle of Malbec for $12. Smoking deal! I ordered the Veggie Pita Sandwich which was super yummy, especially according to my hubby, who ate half of it and said it was his new favorite. It was $7.99 and came with a side. I ordered the soup of the day which was a chicken corn chowder...I was in creamy salty yummy heaven! So, yeah, this was a cheap night out. I would also recommend the 2 for 1 burgers all day Saturday (and they are good) and Tuesday Taco night: chicken and beef tacos for $1 and fish for $2. They are delish and I am full after two of them! I also will say I have never had a bad meal, the food comes out quick and hot and when it is busy you can see the management help out with busing and food running. AND it is a great place to watch my beloved Minnesota Vikings in the fall. They put the Vikings audio on the speakers...even if there is a Cardinals game being played at the same time. I'm glad to see they have their priorities straight!
3	I hadn't been in here since it changed from Teakwoods to Tavern Grille. Layout hadn't changed much but there did seem to be more TVs. They still do the peanuts on the floor thing. They added a smoking patio off the front.  I ordered one of the specials of the day, Sloppy Joe Mac. It was good although really rich. Service was good and friendly.
3	We showed up here after hiking at McDowell Mountain and finding out that tragically Sweet Republic is closed on Mondays (!), we followed our GPS to The Vermont Sandwich Company, which was also closing just as we got there at 4:00pm....arrrggghhh! So just as we started to think that McD's was our only option we said, hey, there's that place, why not. So we walked in and, if you ever wanted to feel really unwelcome in a place...go here. There was a "Seat Yourself" sign, all the service staff ignored us and the place was filled with 50+/- year old men. It was one of those places where everyone kind of quieted down and looked at you when you walked in, leading you to believe that perhaps there's more going on there than an eating establishment, I'm not saying there is, I'm just saying. Now I'll preface this next part by saying I recently got a dog and have become one of those obnoxious people who gets annoyed with places that don't have dog friendly patios. We walked up to the bar and asked the bartender if they had a dog friendly patio and he said sure, go have a seat out there and he'd send someone right out. We went and got the pup from the car and had a seat. The girl who waited on us was really sweet, and the nicest person we encountered there, by far. As we sat she came out and said that the dog had to be on the outside of the fence. So basically, their patio is dog friendly in that you can tie your dog up to the outside of the fence and let it sit on the sidewalk outside. Anyway, we ordered 2 prickly pear margaritas, which are always delicious! I had the sandwich with roast beef, horseradish mayo, pepper jack cheese, grilled green chile and tomato. It was really tasty, the bread was nice and soft and not overly greasy like a lot of places tend to make toast. They had quite a few options for sides which was nice, I got the tater tots which were AWESOME! Nice and hot and crispy, fluffy and soft on the inside. In summary, their food is actually quite nice, service is so-so, the peanuts thing seems pretty cool and I can see how that would be appealing. It seems to be a locals bar, we seemed to be the only ones there that the server did not know our names. Plenty of guys started showing up for the Monday night game, so I can definitely see that it probably gets busy when the games are on. Overall, not a bad place, I would go back if I were up in that area.
4	This place is great. My buddy and I started going regularly to watch NFL games and were pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food. The burgers are great- some of the best in town in my opinion. They consistently cook your burger to the correct temperature which rare these days. Their fries are dynamite too. The bartenders and staff are very friendly and are really on  top of it. This is definitely not your typical bar food.
4	This was previously posted under Teakwood Tavern Grill - which now has this new listing ...I'd been driving by this place for over a year, and just never stopped in.  It was called the Teakwood's Tavern and Grill and looking at the reviews on Yelp, it didn't seem to offer much.  But then I heard that it had changed hands, and now was a place to try.  It is now called the "Tavern Grill".  Their specials were supposed to be great, and since I am always looking for a good deal, I thought I would check it out.I stopped in the first time on a Thursday, and it was $3 Margaritas, and half price appetizers all day.  It was packed - there was a game on, and everyone seemed to be having a good time. I sat at the bar, and the bartenders were swamped, but they were still able to give good service. I tried several of their appetizers, and it was above average for bar food. And cheap.I later went back on a Tuesday night to watch a Diamondbacks game.  The special that night was $3.00 Mexican beers, $1.00 beef or chicken tacos, and $2.00 fish tacos.  Dinner for less than $10.00!!  And I didn't have to cook.  And the great thing is they have peanuts - and you just throw the shells on the floor.  For me, this is a great attraction.  Nothing better to watch a game, drink beer and eat peanuts - almost like you were at the ball park.They do have a separate dining room in the back, and specials for children.  This is a great sports bar, inexpensive food, and pleasant service.  Although it gets hectic for big sports events, it is a lot of fun, and makes for a very inexpensive evening.
2	Slow slow slowIt's mostly Sysco and Shamrock Service food, ya know flash frozen then thrown in a deep fryer, then some 'specials' but they're competing for the lunch business of Vermont Sandwich Company next door.During the day and weekends you have the 'regular' Off Track Betting clients and evenings it's so hard to find a freaking parking spot. It's 'Cheers' of East Scottsdale, all locals and hard to break into their 'clique'. Last Friday their toilets were backed up and no one could use them (had to go over next door to use their competitors, who were sympathetic & friendly), I thought as a health code violation you had to close your doors over this.But if you only have one hour for lunch and plan to go, be prepared in a slow slow afternoon return to work.
2	First attempt at this place since it changed hands.  Would not return.  Went to see Cards/49s MNF.  Many other places in area better for viewing sports.  Most of the TVs are poorly positioned, resulting in stiff necks from having to look too far up and bad angles.  Glare from Xmas lights and signs obstructed screens.  Audio commentary was barely audible.  Can't comment on food as I did not feel compelled to stay long enough to eat.  Beer selection weak and unimaginative.  Although not overly friendly, staff was efficient and kept glass full.  Free peanuts is not enough of a reason to return.
5	I work nearby and I always get the 2 for 1 burgers on Saturday.  I haven't eaten anything there except the burgers, but I always get great and friendly service and very delicious food.  If you're looking for the Sports Bar vibe you will love it.
3	First time there since they switched from Teakwoods.Wings were good, but not very meaty.  Looked like they found the worst in the bunch and served them to us.  Fries were good, Kids Mac & Cheese was good.Service was very slow, but friendly.Enjoyable experience.  I will give them another try to see if improves any.
4	Great food, great atmosphere, cold beer. If we lived closer we would be there all the time.
4	I've been eating and drinking here since '98 when it was still called Teakwoods Tavern and Grill.  The waiters/waitresses have always been courteous and the service is fast.  In my opinion, they have THE best wings in the Phoenix Metro area and some very good sandwiches and burgers.  If you are looking for a good sports bar to hang out at, I would definitely recommend this one.
4	A guy from work recommended this place Tavern Grille (formally Teakwood).  He said the wings were amazing.I need of a place to catch the final 10 minutes of a hockey game last night after work I opted to check these guys out as it's just a short drive from where I work.The place was dead.  In fact I've never been in such an empty place that was not a dive.  Being Scottsdale, though, I guess they close shop early along with the other restaurants in the area.The set up was very nice.  It has a neighborhood tavern feel.  The bar is long and stocked with comfortable stools.  Lots of booths to choose from and the typical bar fare of darts and pool table.  Tavern Grille has plenty of televisions as well so this would be a good place to visit when multiple games are going on.The wings were served up fast and they were quite delicious.  Not the best wings I've had, nor the hottest, but they were still very good.  Easily the best ones I've had in the Valley since I moved here.Give it's location and hours of operation, Tavern Grille is not a place I will visit on a regular basis but I will be back in the future.  Maybe one a day off for lunch or dinner.
4	Great BIG BAR! Best burger in Scottsdale yet! 4$ mini pitchers!
2	I was a fan of the old Teakwoods which was housed in what is now Tavern Grille.  I tried out Tavern Grille and loved it. The food was great, they added desserts and on some days the owners oversaw the goings on which contributed to good and quick service. So I am a fan.  Today I went to Tavern Grille with a friend and we had burgers and sliders. When the burger came I saw that it came with a one piece of thin slice of pickle maybe 1/8 inch thick and 3 inches long( Crossectioned).  I noted that my sliders did not have any pickle.  I can' t possibly think of eating hamburger or slider for that matter without a pickle.  So at my earliest possible opportunity I called the waitress over and asked for a FEW slices of pickle.  Pickles?, she asked. Yes Pickles, I responded.  A few minutes later she returned with one slice of pickle on a plate. I couldn't believe my eyes. A patron makes a special request for pickleS and you provide one pickle on a plate?  Amazing.  If they couldn't give more than one pickle perhaps the waitress should have told me that more pickles would have required an upcharge.   I would have paid it.  So I didn't finish my sliders, paid my check, walked over to Fry's Marketplace and bought a jar of pickles.  I will eat the rest of my sliders with my newly bought jar of pickles.  Pickles and day old sliders.  Better than freshly made sliders without pickles.  Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.
2	The food at this place is good, but prepare to be treated with attitude.  Management must set the bar very low for their waitresses because I haven't had a good one yet.  Yes, they have good prices on their lunch specials, but once you go there you will decide it's worth paying more to get decent service.
2	I've been with my coworker for lunch twice during the week.  First time I had a salad,  I can't recall which one, but it was some short of chicken salad.  It was big and pretty good.  Today we headed over for Taco Tuesday - $1.50 tacos.  I had beef soft tacos.  I waitress offered beans, rice or salsa.  Apparently salsa is free, but beans & rice are not.  I get annoyed if the waitress doesn't mention the extra charge when offering sides, especially when the sides cost MORE than the tacos!  The tacos were good and I'd say filled better than average.  They had good flavor and the salsa had a good kick.  Despite having 2 good meals for a decent price, the service is just terrible.  The waitresses are not friendly.  They rarely check on you and when they do, they are mumbling and not happy.  Not sure if I'll go back...
4	I go to the Tavern once a week to enjoy wings with friends. The Tavern Grille has the best wings in Scottsdale, bar none.The staff is friendly and the wait time is reasonable.
3	Tried Tavern Grille for the first time this week.  This place is a lot bigger than it looks from the outside.  We weren't interested in the bar noise so found our way back to the dining area which was much quieter.  This is a seat-yourself place with table service.  Waitress was friendly and took good care of us.Monday night is Margarita & Fajita night.  I tried the chicken fajita special for $6.95.  A lot of food, plenty to serve 2+.   Lacked spices for my taste, but the veggies were nicely crisp and plenty of chicken and toppings.  He liked the $3 margarita special.  Also tried the wings.  They offer them about 8 different ways.  We tried honey-BBQ.  Nothing special in my opinion.  Maybe a different sauce would have been a better choice.  (Sorry but I think it's hard to beat Zipp's.)The parking lot is a maze shared by the rest of the strip plaza, spaces are slight and lacking in number.  Aside from that Tavern Grille is an easy in and out, lots to choose from, and reasonable prices - I'd probably come back and try again.  TVs everywhere so if you are a sports fan, this is probably a good place to consider.
4	I've been coming here every Sunday usually for the whole day to watch football. Huge fan of the amount of TV's and and well they're placed. Gotta say I'm blown away by how inexpensive everything on their menu is. Plus the portions are huge. I've gone a few times on days other than Sunday. Make sure you utilize their daily specials i.e half off burgers on Saturday....$5.50 for a massive ultimate tavern burger and side? A-you can't even get a burger that big at McDonalds, and B-even if you could, it'd cost you at least 10 bucks for the meal. My main complaint is the somewhat slow service there which is why I only gave 4 stars. Bottom line though: I still go back every week so the service isn't THAT slow.FYI get the moose dip appetizer
4	Mmmm... Beer... and the grub ain't to shabby either.Who does not like roasted peanuts with the shell and pitch them on the floor after eating the nuts?
5	I have a much known and publicized dislike for Scottsdale and those who reside in it. Especially the 30-something single crowd.... So why then, you may ask would I go to a place in the heart of that douchebaggery? To meet my best friend for a beer late afternoon, Happy Hour style. What I encountered at this place was awesomely refreshing. So much so that I probably should not be writing a review on how great this place is, lest it become a "cool trendy" place to be. Great for the owners, I know, but terrible for real, in touch, sensible human beings. Let's talk about the owners... They are local. And a family. REALLY? A family owned and operated joint in Scottsdale? Shhhhh! Don't tell anyone! Something that that sets them apart is their home-made daily dessert. Our servers (I'll get to them in a moment; be still my beating heart...) kept talking about this brownie with this lost, googly-eyed in love look. Of course we had to indulge. And we did... In all 5000000000 calories of it's peanut-buttery chocolatey al a modey deliciousness. But we loved EVERY fat round belly inducing bite.And so these servers... We had two of them. We started with Jennifer. And because we're just sooooo cool (not really. We're not very cool at all.), we ended up with Tiffany ANNNNNDDDD Jennifer. They rocked our little worlds. Beautiful, fun, friendly, outgoing, fun to joke with, awesome energies and attitudes, and did I mention beautiful?This was a great experience for us after a long and challenging week. It's great to have a place to go where we have a great time and drink a couple of beers.  And they have buckets of peanuts too... Does it get any better?
3	I like their special offer on Saturday. BOGO (Buy one get one free)Taste is good. Good burger.Go and try it.But if you want a cozy, quite atmosphere, you'd better find the other restaurant.
1	The minute I got home from Tavern Grill I went on the internet looking for a funeral home.  No, not for me or a relative....For Tavern Grill.  Tavern Grill is DEAD. It's going to be a big funeral folks and the actual date is not too far away.  You might say Tavern Grill is in hospice for now. I must have forgotten my previous review of the Tavern Grill and went there Saturday night because it was the closest place to my house.  I figured what could be bad about a sports bar on a Saturday night when you don't want to cook.  Well, here's what I learned today about Tavern Grill:1.  If you expect to get a slice of tomato on your burger as specified on the menu, don't.  2.  If you expect your waiter not to roll his eyes when you point out that there is no tomato, don't .3. If you expect the one thin piece of lettuce on your burger not to be super dark green and totally wilted, don't.4. If you expect lemon wedges with your seafood order or in your drinking water, don't.5.  If you expect your shrimp to be the same size as the breading around it don't.  The size of shrimp inside is smaller than they appear.  Be sure to open wide for the breaded crust.  6. If you expect the hot sauces that are brought to you to be clean enough to put your hands around the bottles without getting smutz on your hands, don't.  I should have known better and kept Clorox wipes in my bag for this purpose.7.  If you expect your burger to be given to you in one piece and not broken into two for no good reason, don't  Hmmmm.....Did they put two leftover burgers together?8.. If you expect the owner to be around so you can talk to him about the quality of the burger, don't. He's in Cottonwood attending to the new hotel he bought.  I hope he makes tons of money there because in a year he'll have to sell Tavern Grill for 10 cents on the dollar.  .  If you expect a sports bar like Tavern Grill to be hopping on a Saturday night, don't.     You could have held a religious service there. Or maybe more appropriately--a funeral...And .It's going to be a big one!
4	Now called Tavern Grill.  1st time I've been here, met a friend for happy hour at about 4:30.  Place was filled with an older crowd.  But didn't care about the people, as I was there for a visit.  We ordered tacos, because it's "taco tuesday" and the fish tacos were really great.  Very surprised.  The service was excellent and happy hour prices were awesome.  The location is very bizzarre and not easy to see from the street, but I liked that they had lot's of TV's.  And the food was good.  I would def go back, but wouldn't go for finding a date.  Unless of course I was looking for a gentleman in his 70's.
4	A Winner. Good Food at a reasonable price served well with a wide variety of beers and wines in a tavern atmosphere for all ages.
4	This is a fun place to take the family or go with friends for a quick bite to eat.  For people who are exepcting a five star dinner this is not the place for you so please set your expectations appropriately.  Also, for people who have a very public disdain for all things Scottsdale please don't come to Scottsdale.  We won't miss you or your moronic opening statements.  Tavern Grille is what it is supposed to be, a realxed local neighborhood sports bar.  Its got your standard grill menu and daily specials.  There are TVs througout and Off Track Betting available for those that wish to test their luck.  The food is very average and convenience is the key so if your in need of an alternative to cooking at home and want something easy and nearby Tavern Grill is a good choice.
4	Great lunch specials... Nice servers... very cool, chill spot for lunch... Recommend it!!!
1	The special on the sign out front wasn't available. The chicken wings were anorexic. The $8check moose dip was served in a cup the size of a shot glass. They don't subscribe to any payperview events. Better to just go to Buffalo Wild Wings.
4	this is our go-to work happy hour spot...it's close to the hospital (don't know if that's a good or bad thing) and they have really good happy hour specials. everyday of the week they offer a food and/or drink special. i have never been here and it not be full of people. even older folks seem to fill this place up (and by that, i mean older than me).the service has always been super friendly and this time was no different. about 6 of us had a few beers and our server was fast and efficient and the beers were filled to the brim. i was hungry so i ordered the vegetable pita. it was ok. bar type food. it was packed though, with almost too much cheese. the grilled veggies inside were slightly too oily for me. the fries however were thin and crunchy and salty...just right. i've only been here a few times and each time i always leave happy and satisfied...probably because i drank a few beers. nice reliable spot.
5	We had been to this place when it was called Teakwood and were not impressed, but decided to give it another try after our neighbors told us how much it had improved under new ownership. What a surprise to see how everything had improved including the food and the service as well as having a healthy, friendly  neighborhood atmosphere. Being retired and wanting to eat out most of the time this has become our favorite place. A great menu and the daily specials are fantastic especially the burgers, fajitas and the chicken sandwiches. All of the deserts are home made so be sure to try our favorites the berry cobbler and the cheesecake. They also have the best fries in town. We eat there about 5 times a week and never get tired of the place. It seems like they actually appreciate your business as they always try to make sure everything is to your liking. We recently had a party of 18 celebrate a family gathering there and it went better than we could have expected. Every food order was correct and one server was able to keep up with a group that size.
3	I have been coming here since the late '90's until recently when it was still Teakwoods. Recently popped in for a lunch and ordered the wings. For the record, Teakwoods, which was an offshoot by the owners of the Original Long Wong's on Mill - carried on the tradition of having the best wings in town. Now the tavern has messed up the wings, the're small and they changed the sauces. YOU HAD THE BEST WINGS IN TOWN WHY SCREW WITH IT?Also - bye bye to the free peanuts you can throw on the floor. Someone too lazy to sweep up or what?BOTTOM LINE: It's been good run. Not sure I'll be back.
4	Went here by accident because my co-pilot can't use iphone GPS. All I got was beer and wings. It was hapopy hour, Beer was $2.75 (YAY) and wings were $5 (double yay). And maybe I came on an ON day but they were dang good, Service at the bar was top notch.  I can't vouch for the other food. We all got wings cuz they were cheap, and we all loved them. TVs everywhere for sports, and OFFTRACK BETTING!!! Big place, again with the GAMES FOR KIDS SO PARENTS CAN GET TANKED! DISCLAIMER:Do not drink and drive with kiddies in car. Call a cab. And do not let them gamble while you are busy eating wings. They can learn that later.
4	been going for lunch for a few months now. Awesome fish tacos on tuesday!need to go back for HH..
3	My first impression on an early Saturday evening was that this place basically had two types of clientele.  The over 55 crowd and the gather around the bar and yell at the television crowd.  We sat with the over 55 crowd.  My kind of people.  No small children.  Tavern Grille also has some pretty good specials.  Saturday is half price burgers with purchase of a beverage.I ordered the Ultimate Tavern Burger which is a half-pound cheeseburger topped with guacamole, bacon, grilled onions, green chiles and mushrooms.  Yes, the healthy one.  The burger itself was pretty good, but the onions were not remotely caramelized.  Tasted more like steamed onions.  Raw would be better if they're not going to do them properly.  Also, while the homemade bun was nice, it could not hold up to the toppings on this one.  Burgers are served with choice of french fries, tots, steak fries or a slaw.  The french fries were hot and crispy.Service was mediocre at best.  We didn't see much of our server and food was delivered by someone else.  We were mostly through our meals before the server returned.  I never did get my soft drink, but was charged for it.  When I asked to have the charge removed, the server started to tell me I couldn't have the special unless I paid for her error.  I don't think so.  She caught herself when she noticed my husband had two beers.  Overall, an A-okay place for a bite.
4	We've been here twice and had burgers both times.  They are large and excellent.  The fries are really great.  We've tried four different burgers and each one has been big, juicy and wonderful.  Kinda hard to find the first time and parking can sometimes be a hassle but the food is good and the service was good!
4	Fried zucchini! I'm surprised how few places offer fried zucchini - Tavern Grille does and they are delicious! I can also vouch for the burgers and steak salad. They have some pretty good happy hour specials, a variety of mac n cheese, and the house red is pretty decent as well.
5	Outstanding Neighborhood Spot!Always great service, good food value priced in a great ambiance serving all ages. We've become regulars especially after getting ripped off by the fancy places.Always lots of people which tells you something.
4	Let's say you need a clandestine meeting place. This is it.It's a fairly decent sized saloon tucked away in the corner of a small retail plaza. In short, it's off the beaten path and not easy to find unless you know it's there.Why is this important?Because when it's time to break anything; from your wedding vows, to fourteen violations of the RICO act, (save for counterfeiting) here's where you want to do it.The place is busy, full of locals, noisy in some areas, quiet in the back room, and, here's the best part; FBI wire taps are virtually impossible here due to the noise. Or, let's say you're here on the off-chance to humiliate your concubine with 8 x 11 images  of her doing it with her neighbor kid, again, this is the place. If you go, try the Sirloin Steak Cobb salad for around twelve bucks. The IPA selection is lame so don't expect a decent beer buzz. In the absence of a nice braciole and a good chianti (and fed's listening devices) Tavern Grille is the next best thing to mama's table.And when you're done here, if it's not too late you can walk next door to Andreoli's Italian Grocery for a nice cannoli and a Yoo-Hoo. I can't guarantee there are no bugs in Adreoli's.And no large crowd of people with which to display pictures of your mistress b'jing little what's-his-nuts next door.
4	We have become regulars here for a number of reasons.  Of course the food is outstanding. They daily specials that make it very easy on the wallet. The service is always been very good. The staff recognizes those people that come in and have a seat to make sure they have been helped even if it is not their assigned table. It is the kind of place that gives you that "Kitchen Table" comfortable feeling when you sit down. Beer and wine selection is excellent. In fact a couple of the wines they have available have become staples at our home. Matt and Ryan, the twin brothers that manage it, make sure that everyone is welcome and they are constantly on the floor making sure the customer is being well served. We love 1/2 price Burgers on Saturday and $6 appetizers on Thursday. Desserts.  Oh Mercy.  If they have Cinnamon Bread Pudding make sure you get some and have them bring two spoons.  You will need each one. We have taken a number of out of town guests and everyone has enjoyed their visit to the Tavern Grille.Keep it up!Ken Jackson
4	Came here with my family for dinner after it was recommended to us. We were told that they often have awesome 2 for 1 daily deals or coupons. We were given ones for 2 for 1 chicken or steak fajitas. I had the steak fajitas and thought they were delicious. I also had a glass of white zinfandel , which was really good and sweet. My stepdad had a bloody mary and liked it so much he ordered a second ( rare for him). Everyone enjoyed their food/drinks and the wait staff was friendly.Would definitely return on my next AZ vacation
2	Grilled Chicken Cesar not up to par as in the past. Croutons were burnt and chicken was dry.
4	Ok, this is currently (4/13) my vote for the best burger in Phoenix. And it gets better... 1/2 price burgers all day Saturday.  Hand made patties, nice fresh buns, cooked just right.The place itself is fine, dark bar with off track betting.  Not my thing, but nothing against it... But there occasionally is a lot of yelling at the TVs.  Salads need some work, and the wings are good, ESP for 6.99 on Wednesdays.  But get the burger and skip the menu.
5	We have been regulars for a long time.  But wow, did they amaze us today.  It was the Kentucky Derby and the place was CRAZY from 10 a.m. on.  And with many new patrons who expected "right now" service in spite of the fact that there were 400 people around them. The staff stayed so nice ( I would have beaten a few of the "customers" in their face due to incredibly mean and nasty comments and attitudes) it was amazing.  And they delivered like crazy.  I don't mean to us, they are always nice to us.  We watched all around us and they just killed themselves trying to please people.  What made me kind of sad was the attitude of some of these once-a-year customers.  Really?  'cause every bar in town offers off track betting?  And because you think you come in once a year the place should be empty just for you?  Get over yourself. Do you think you can go to a mexican restaurant on Cinco de Mayo and it will be empty?  Geez. Anyway, they continue to impress my family and friends with the incredibly great service from everyone, led by the young genius-managers team of Matt and Ryan.  If you want to support local family owned businesses......this is your place.  But you can't have my regular chair................
5	amazing service. I mean it, between the managers Ryan and Matt, yes they are twins, don't worry you aren't seeing double. The bartenders Angel and Cody are fantastic and I have to say I was SO impressed with the servers Alan and Desi tonight.All day today, the restaurant donated 10% of each bill to an amazing local animal rescue that my mom and I are affiliated with, and have rescued from. But tonight, Desi was beyond accommodating. We took over a huge table, had about 10 people come and go, and she was so quick with drinks, food, and everything else that my head was spinning. My family and I go to Tavern every weekend to hang out with our friends, drink, eat and be merry, and they take such good care of my family. Also, they have a dog friendly patio! Thank you for taking care of us. Food Suggestions: Southwest Chicken Salad, Boneless Buffalo Wings, Zin Burger, or the Grilled Chicken Pita.
1	I even took the time to write this over it was so bad.Ordered the fajitas on waitresses recommendation.Worst piece of meat I have ever been served - and I loved in the dorms!Chef should have caught this - there was just something wrong with it.I never send food back - relying on the restaurant to provide edible food- they failed. I will go bck and, shoudl I get another piece of meat like this, I will personally walk it back to the chef and make him/her eat it.Yuck - cannot wait to stop belching that "meal" up.
4	I really dig the inside of this place, makes me feel like I'm not in blazing hot arizona! Perfect place to meet up with friends and family and throw a few beers back.The service we had was GREAT, she was friendly and I felt like she cared.However the food is just okay. That's why I'd only meet up to have drinks here.I will try something else next time we go back, because I would like to like the food as well.
4	Great bar area and a pretty good selection of food. The bartenders and very friendly and attentive. The wait staff is decent, the seem as though they are in a hurry at times even if the place is not packed. Overall a good place to hang and watch a game with all the TV's they have there.
4	After having a couple of drinks at Andreoli's, which is on the other side of the parking lot, I dropped in here for a couple of more.  I've seen this place driving on the 101 hundreds of times and have never stopped by, until now.  I'm glad I did.I ran into an old friend and he was drinking a can of Old Style!  Wait, what...?!  I haven't had Old Style since my last trip to Chicago in 2005, wow!  So I got one and it was only $2.75...ha!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tavern-grille-scottsdale-scottsdale?select=8wMbT533TTkCipGpgHC76A#8wMbT533TTkCipGpgHC76ALooking around the joint, I noticed a pool table and an OTB (Off Track Betting) window.  You can bet on the Ponies here, awesome!I wasn't here to eat, so I didn't try any of the food.  However, it smelled good and the plates that came out looked delish...I will have to return to try it out.The bartenders here are very friendly and ensure that you're never empty handed.Return Factor - 95%
5	I am a regular here and love it!   The food Is good and the staff fabulous.  Most of the  the customers (that I don't already know.  Big group of regulars.  That has to tell you something) are really fun. The one thing that drives me nuts and makes me sometimes think maybe I need a backup is the lack of typical snack appetizers.  Especially with football coming up. It would be so great to have a football menu of easy stuff.  Potato skins, cheese sticks,  cheese platter, bucket 'o pretzels, hotdogs, half a nacho plate, etc.  I was told last year that they were thinking of a football menu. I sure hope they do it this year!
3	Partook in the half priced burger deal with purchase of a beverage which is in effect all day on Saturday. The burger had to be sent back the first time (well a new one was made and old one was left in front of me) for being undercooked. Happens all the time with my well done standards, so not a big deal. Overall, nothing really set this bacon cheeseburger apart from any other burger on the block. Bun was supposedly homemade, but I really doubt that fact and bacon was run of the mill meat. I guess the onion rings were pretty good and the chipotle mayo kicks butt on their watery herb mayo.      The place does stand out with their TV sets though as a good dozen or more line the wall for perfect side by side viewing of multiple games. Seems like their is always a special or two whether happy hour or not ($3 San Tan's last night), so will be back for other grub and sports.Skip the chili - it is flavorless and overloaded with tomatoes. A nothing dish.
5	Love this place!  Terrific food and drinks with TV's all around- not much more you can ask for in a local hot spot!!  As a side bonus the two managers are brothers and really cute!
4	Saturday is half price burger night and so we took our neighbors for some burgers and beer. San Tan Ambers were $3.50 and my mushroom and Swiss burger on rye really hit the spot. The steak fries were an extra treat. This place changed hands about 4 years ago and the folks from Cottonwood (who own another place up there, same name) are doing a fantastic job of making the bar a local favorite. If only they'd have the chocolate bread pudding a bit more often. This place is a solid joint for beer, sports and great food.
2	Saw this from the freeway on the way home every day. Finally went. Food just really isn't good.  Everything is just kind of blah. I will not go again. For what you're paying it's just not worth it. Kind of tasted like re-heated frozen food from Sam's Club.
4	Came with friends to watch my alma mater lose a football game. San Tan beer is a Saturday special though I remain confused about the pricing. I had a bacon cheeseburger and my wife had an ultimate burger. Saturday's are half price burger day. We both liked our burgers. Friends had chicken sandwiches and liked them. We had been here before.  The others wanted dessert and they liked whatever they had. It was a special.  Service was a little abrupt but very attentive. For regular food and decently priced beer it is a good place to go.
4	Happy Hour and food specials all week long are always a treat. Especially, Sat/Sun with 1/2 price burgers Saturday and 1/2 price chicken sandwiches along with choice of fries and pickle on Sunday and ALL DAY Happy Hour prices for beer, very nice selection too!Tried the Spicy Mac and Cheese the other day and was pleasantly surprised. Large serving along with garlic bread and found the flavors to really stand out yet not too much cheese to overpower the dish and not heavy.  The staff and crew are always friendly and quick to respond to your needs. When food is ordered, service is usually fast and efficient. If there's a game on, it definitely will be shown on one of their numerous TV's. If you're looking to put in a wager or two, this is your spot. Live horse racing is shown and wages are accepted here and pay here, not many places offer this opportunity. Enjoy!
5	This is the gem of hidden gems.. The food and service are both exceptional.Our first visit was on a Friday, my husband and I had the Tavern burger. It was DELICIOUS, a 1/2 lb. burger topped with guacamole, bacon, green chile, onions, mushrooms and cheese. I ordered mine med. rare and it was cooked to perfection. I had  the beer battered onion rings which didn't disappoint. We wanted to try the mac 'n cheese so we ordered one which ended up going home. The portion or mac is huge and it was very good and made a nice leftover for us the next day. We went back 3 days later for the Fajita special.....you can have either chicken or beef, we had the beef and it was delicious!! What a deal for $7.99. The premium margaritas are only $5 on Mondays. Loved all the TV's, there had to be 50 of them. ANY sport you want to watch is available. They also have Off Track Betting which was odd to see. We didn't partake in it but it was fun to watch the people who were. We will definitely be back to try something new on the menu, everything we've had was fantastic.The owners (Ryan & Matthew) are always on the premises. Ryan makes it a habit to go up to everyone to make sure everything was ok. He stopped and talked to us for 10 mins and told us some of the history of the restaurant. Very interesting.  You definitely need to give this one a try.
1	Read the reviews and was very excited to go there.....experience was nothing like the reviews.  Our one and only time there...
1	We used to be regulars but hadn't been back for a while due to poor service.  So today we decided to try again.  Yes, the burgers were delicious but the rest of the experience was awful!  After waiting over half an hour for iced tea, we finally got to place our order.  Meanwhile, there were a bunch of screaming kids (not infants - more like 10-year-olds) who were actually climbing on the pool table, throwing the balls at each other, and completely acting like it was a playground while the 2 moms stood there chatting.  The couple next to us finally asked if they could maybe  not scream to which the Mom yelled, "if you want quiet you should go to church."  The other tables around them, along with us, said the manager needed to ask them to settle down.  But it never happened.  Our food finally arrived, after over an hour, but it too asking three times to get silverware and we never did get a refill on our tea.  All three tables in our area were so annoyed at that point with the lack of service and lack of management, we all agreed even the really good food was not worth a trip back.  Oh, then the couple with the crazy kids left and stopped by the guy who had asked them to be quiet.  He started yelling at him that it was a bar and yelling and screaming were expected.  Then he told the man he should step outside to apparently fight it out.  The guy by us said just have a nice day which made the wife yell at all our tables that we should "keep eating cheeseburgers you fat asses."  Yup.  And still no manager.  Everyone in our part of the restaurant shook their heads and agreed it was not someplace we would ever return to.
5	Their Zin burger and their chicken sandwiches are delicious.  Right when you walk in, your greeted by one of the lovely servers.  If you can ask for pickles do so, because she is amazing.  The service is fast, the variety or tap beer is large, and best of all they have a plethora of TV,s that always have sports on.  I think its safe to say I am a regular now;)
5	The food is amazing! We eat here probably once a week and it's always great each time! Never a bad experience. The owners know us by name now. Great people!
4	Have been dropping in for lunch. Tuesday they have fish tacos that are really good. Nice n casual.
5	We were meeting friends at the Tavern Grille so I looked up the reviews and they talked about great service and great owners. We were pleasantly surprised that the reviews were spot on!!  Great experience. Loved our waitress Desiree!
4	This place is great. An owner operated bar with great specials for great food. Fajita special on Monday is great and the burgers on Saturday are half priced and the best around. Do it, you will thank me for it. Quality all around.
5	Derby day!  Amazing!  They rocked it.  Packed  but the staff was amazing. Kudos to you and Matt and Ryan for planning so well!
5	GREAT FOOD and Ryan never fails to come and welcome us and say hell-o!!Busy place, just wish it was bigger...hard to find a seat on weekends for football or horse races...this weekend will be packed best get there by 11........I'll be the one with the hat on and a glass of wine.....taking the taxi home!!
5	Absolutely AWESOME place! Great service, great ambiance, and delicious food! So many choices on the menu and everything is fantastic! New favorite restaurant!!!!
5	We always enjoy Tavern Grille.   The menu has a wide variety of food.  We have tried many of the items and have never been disappointed.  They grind their hamburger in house and they are always great.   I always ask for well done for hamburgers,  and they always are cooked that way.  Also, they come out juicy ...which some places don't know how to do.   They have food specials daily,  all of which are great.   Although this is classified as a bar, they are family friendly.  We don't do alcohol but we are never hassled about drinks.  At least one of the owners is always here and that makes a difference.   Staff is very friendly.   Don't miss this place!
4	I am never disappointed when I go to this place. My husband an I went on Saturday night and had burgers and a beer. The service is always good and the burgers are great. The people are always friendly too.
1	This place is HORRIBLE!!! Service is atrocious!! Food is overpriced and the new ownership (prior managers of the place,  tweedle dee and tweedle dum) use to manage Chili's. They will run this place into the ground. I give it 6 months before the place shuts down.
5	Great food it's a little bit expensive but I think worth it.  Lots of TV sets   the decor is not great
4	Fun place with great daily specials. All of the food is awesome. Not healthy, just delicious. Drunken shrimp is a big hit in my life. Vibe is a cross of sports bar, neighborhood bar, and restaurant. The also offer off track betting on the ponies. Good times and good people. Service is always good.
5	First football Sunday of the season and life is good.  Bloody Mary bar. Breakfast menu with great omelettes. A full house at 9:30!  As usual Cody and Desi are rockin the bar. No matter how crowded,  they remember your drink and you never wait long for a new one.  All the regulars from football season are back!  Every game is on a tv somewhere and no seat uncomfortable.  If you are in the neighborhood and looking for a "cheers" type place with great food, this is your stop.   (Ask if they have the Italian stuffed bread)
5	A great neighborhood place that I wish was in my neighborhood. Had dinner there with a friend whose wife was in the hospital. My wife had a grilled chicken sandwich, our friend a patty melt and I had a cheeseburger with bacon. All were great as was our service. Ryan, one of the owners, visited with us and welcomed us to the Grill. Everything was excellent. You who live close are lucky to have this great neighborhood place.  When we are in the area we definitely will return.
5	Another fabulous football Sunday!  Desi put our doggy scraps in a swan.  Am I at the Phoenician?
5	The food here is good quality pub grub and the servers are all very friendly and attentive. Daily specials are a good value. 1/2 price chicken night is our favorite night. Good for families and large groups. Perfect place to watch games.
5	Outstanding Neighborhood Spot!Always great service, good food value priced in a great ambiance serving all ages. We've become regulars especially after getting ripped off by the fancy places.Always lots of people which tells you something.Even on a jam-packed night servers were outstanding.
2	Good bar food at reasonable prices. OK bar atmosphere. Management seems nice and greeted me personally but the bartender really didn't seem to be enjoying herself. It was a slow afternoon when I went there for lunch. She offered no water refills,  had to be flagged down whenever I needed anything,  was only paying attention to her regulars, and never checked to see if I was happy with the food.
5	My wife found this nice place when she was working nearby.We visit and have burgers or fish & chips or sandwiches every couple of months. It's reliably a good meal.We usually go on Saturdays after a round of golf or a good hike. Frequently, we'll get their Saturday Special: 1/2 priced burgers with the purchase of a beverage paired with $3.00 San Tan Drafts.It earns 5-stars because it's almost always considered as an option when we want to go have good food and a good time.
1	I have been wanting to try this place for a while and was standing at the door for 5 minutes with not being acknowledge.
5	At this point we have 98 check in's.  Good thing they are a good ways from us.  If not, we'd probably be broke,  and wouldn't be able to fit through normal doors.Food and service is wonderful.   Although yelp classifies this is a bar, this is not typical bar food.  In fact, almost everything is made from scratch - including great desserts. If you have never been here, you are definitely missing out.
4	We are Saturday regulars. They have very good burgers at half price on Saturdays and an excellent beer selection. It is a great venue for watching games.
5	Starting the new year off at our favorite place.  Happy anniversary Matt and Ryan!   It's been a great year!
4	I'm from out of town, checked Yelp ratings and was blown away. This is a great sports bar with great service and food. It is a 5 minute drive from the Hyatt Gainey Ranch Hotel. If you are looking for great food, this is the place. Daily specials, Sunday all chicken items are 50% off. Drink specials daily. Chelsea was are waitress and she is friendly and attentive. Try the chicken pita and sweet potato fries! My wife had the mushroom burger and she said it was also pretty awesome.
