1	This is a hell hole, there is mold all over the restroom,the carpet is filthy, the towels are soiled and Cable is basic of basic. Pictures will explain these and other short falls.
1	Hey Days Inn, I get it. You're Days Inn. You're not the Ritz, you're not Hilton, you're not even Radisson on a good day.You're a $50-a-night hotel. There are certain things I expect from a $50-a-night hotel, like the three people randomly hanging out on the sidewalk around the back corner of the first floor, cackling like hyenas at midnight for God only knows what reason. That's part of the experience. I signed up for that. That's on me.Here's what's on you:-- The soiled bath mat in the bathroom-- The scab sitting in plain sight on the hot/cold knob in the shower-- The nasty spots on the walls around the sink and toilet. Probably mold spores.-- The dented-in towel rack in the bathroom.Actually, strike that last one. The dented-in towel rack is on the hooker who worked out of Room 238 the night before and decided that was the only place to rest her 40-pound handbag. (For every one prostitute who finished college, like 2 or 3 don't. That's on her, not you Days Inn.)Here's what a good hotel would do: 1. Fire the person who was responsible for stocking the towels and cleaning room 238 on Feb. 13. No sympathy, no questions, just a pink slip.2. Install a proper ventilation system in the bathrooms so mold spores don't grow3. You could bring the decor in the rooms out of 1989 too. That wouldn't hurt, but I'm not about to get greedy.I realize these things cost money, Days Inn, but I assume my $50 is going somewhere. Right?Positives:-- Adequate water pressure in shower-- There's a table-- Two towels means I was able to use one of the towels as a bath mat since I was staying by myself.Hell hole. Avoid it like the plague. Come to think of it, the scab might have contained the plague.
1	I wish I would have read the yelp reviews before booking through orbitz. Terrible. There were not many options available during this time of March with Spring Training. With that said my expectations for a motel are minimal at best. A comfortable, easy to access room is all I want. This place offers none. The hotel at glance appears sketchy. From the faded warning sign about parking, to the stained walls in the room, chipped paint on walls and lazy employees. First night I check in my room was not available till 6 pm, check in time is supposed to be at 3. I checked in at 5 and waited an hour. The staff was not sure when the room would be ready and seemed lost. This establishment needs major renovations. The air vents in the restroom are filthy. The TV is outdated and a few of the channels did not work. Everything just looks dirty. The maintenance staff was cleaning up and left a few doors opened to rooms that appeared to be half way through a renovation but someone decided to use them as storage lockers instead. It is located off the 10 freeway/highway and is about 13 min from camelback ranch ballpark.  Getting into downtown Phoenix is easy too. All in all I would not recommend this motel. I've stayed in some dumpy motels but even those had a few positives. Whomever owns this place just lean up. Modern-ized the rooms with at least comfortable beds and working TVs. I stayed March 7th-10th.
3	The room wasn't too clean but the staff was nice! The main light didn't turn on and the shower water was cold. Decent amenities and cozy bed but it was noisy outside. Worked well for our one night visit but the breakfast was lacking
1	Terrible customer service. I called to make inquiries and the person I talked to was so rude that I decided not to stay here.
