5	I have been a LONG time customer of Clean Freak and have been waiting for this location to open up for MONTHS!  I can tell you that it is was well worth the wait!  This is a FLEX location, meaning it is the same great express car wash that we love, but also has full service options!  I changed my fast pass to the $39.99 plan, for unlimited full service washes!  I went through the full service lane for the first time the other day, not knowing what to expect, and I can tell you the staff was nice and well dressed, pointed me out to the waiting lounge and told me it would be about 7-10 min.  I went inside, it's a nice small area to wait for your car!  Free bottled water, and windows to watch cars go through the tunnel.  When your car is ready, there is no one screaming peoples names or car models, instead the manager comes to you and walks you to your car, and asks if everything looks OK.  There are only two small disappointments I had with this new location, this location does not have compressed air sprayers for the do-it-yourself vacuum area.  And one aspect that many customers LOVED was that there was no need to tip anyone.  With the full service option, they now expect tips.  Other then those two disappointments, witch I hope they look into, this is an awesome location!Return factor- 100%
5	This place is great! Great wash for a reasonable price! I've already been 3 times, and it's only been open 2 weeks! I wish the vacuums were of better quality, as it doesn't get the dog hair and dust out of my car, but for free vacuums it is reasonable. The customer service is fantastic! I'm excited to have such a great car wash at such a convenient location!
5	Took a friends huge truck in to get cleaned as a thank you for letting me borrow it.  You would have thought I was driving a Bentley instead of an old work truck.  I bought the full service $21 wash and I think it is the cleanest this truck has been since it came off the new car lot.  I will definitely be back with my car.  Best service I have had anywhere.
5	I love this place.  ! pay less than $16 a month and can use it as much as I want.  I came home from a trip and washed my car there.  A few hours later, I parked under a tree and discovered a colossal  bird poop running down the side of my car.  Went and washed it again.  Then the ha boob came-- washed it again.  Then my daughter spilled a smoothie inside the car.  Add the Arizona heat and it reeked.  Went back and added a $20 carpet cleaning.  Waited inside with my kindle and free wi fi and was out in less than 20 minutes.  It is quick, cheap, clean and they do a good job.  The best part is I don't have to deal with some high pressured guy  trying to sell me a detail service every time I pull in.
1	I just cancelled my membership! I Have been a member since they opened, paying for the full service $39.99/month. They normally charge $21.99 for the same wash(so they say). Since joining the quality of the work had progressively gone down hill, have to ask them to do things that are listed on there check list continually such as dry the vehicle,  wipe the fender/wheel wells. Vehicle is never dry when I leave. When questioned why they do not dry everything I was told it was not in their business model! Buy will do it if you ask! But still didn't, manager just keep repeating it is not in their business model.  Used to take about 10 minutes with 2 men to do the full service, lately less than 5 & only one man. They wipe the Windows instead of cleaning them with any glass cleaner, although when they used to use the glass cleaner it was a cheaper product and left a film. Bottom line, over priced and poor quality work. Can get a more thorough job done for less with an air freshener elsewhere.
