5	This is the closest thing to being in Naples and having what is the best pizza in the world.Bottega clearly managed to bring to our fair city an honest taste of Napoli without question.It can get a little pricey however, for those who have had a margherita in either Naples, Ischia or Capri, then you know this spot is worth it and you can leave the Euros at home for another time.Put this down as a must try if you haven't already.  Keep in mind most do know how good it is so it does get very busy.
5	Best Italian restaurant in Laval, by far !!!Only improvement could be to add a few more daily specials.Especially some more daily pasta specials, and maybe a pizza specialof the week, like a Sicilian pizza with pistachio pesto and salciccia , hint hint !!
4	Really nice place and excellent pizza if you don't mind the crust being a little thick.  I also had a bruschetta with grilled octopus for lunch the other day. That was FANTASTIC.  I would eat that at every meal every day....
5	There aren't a lot of places in the Montreal region you can get your hands on some great authentic Napoletan pizza. This place is a regular for my wife and I.I won't go into all the details but the Pizzas are great. Thin crust, focus on the quality of the ingredients. Fresh and tasty.Quebecois beware. There aren't handfuls of toppings, the Quebecois couple we invited with us once were shocked to have been deprived their usual bucket of toppings that dilutes the taste of a well done wood oven cooked pizza.The arancini balls are very very good.Their Nutella Pizza is a favorite of ours too.Service is quick and friendly.My highlights are when the owner passes by and says hello and I get to converse some of my rusty Napoletan. :)
1	After reading the amazing reviews, I was so excited to try the pizza at Bottega!  Wow what a let down. The crust is soggy and undercooked (all 6 pizzas ordered) and the woman next to us sent hers back twice before giving up and leaving without eating.  The arancini was disappointing & dry and didn't come with any marinara.  The bacia was bland. Great bright decor for a lunch spot but the pizza is just so bad, who cares?!  And this is not just my personal opinion, the tables on both sides of me were also complaining of soggy pizzas!
2	The ambiance is great and the service was good.Where Bottega fell short was in their execution. Meals were slow to arrive. Being polite, we waited until everyone had their meal but the delay was ridiculously long. The pizza itself was nothing spectacular. The water buffalo mozzarella was kind of nice but was done a disservice by the overcooked crust and bland sauce.To me it was all the signs of a rushed kitchen that just couldn't hack the pressure. I'd normally brush it off and say I'll be back to try it on a less crowded night but with their pricing, I don't know.Bottom line:When you charge $18 for a personal cheese pizza your game better be tight!!!
5	Really nice place and excellent pizza if you don't mind the crust being a little thick.  I also had a bruschetta with grilled octopus for lunch the other day. That was FANTASTIC.  I would eat that at every meal every day....Update: the whole office dreams of having lunch there. It a all time favorite. Also brought my kids:  pizza diavolo for one and gnocchi for the other. They want to go back, they are obsessed!
5	Excellent;-D Love the atmosphere and cuisineService is greatDefinitely best Italian in LavalBe sure to reserve on weekends since it is very busy.
5	Fantastic pizza. I came here for a good margarita pizza, and this place did not disappoint! Thin crust. Slight burns. Great sauce. What a win!I celebrated my gfs birthday with her family and they were even cool enough to prepare a Nutella pizza for her with a candle on the crust. That's good service for you.
4	Very good restaurant. Pizza are good even tough the dought is a bit too thick for an Italian restaurant. Not all waiter were welcoming...
5	Excellent place!  My husband and I were staying at the hotel behind the restaurant and decided to give it a try. We were very pleased with the whole experience from the service to the wine. The food was great and no complaints.
5	OH YEAH!!Three words: authentic. Neapolitan. Pizza.It's simple, delicious and the way pizza should be made! The other items on the menu are excellent as well. I've tried the daily specials there too and I've yet to be disappointed.I suggest making reservations as it gets busy and there really isn't anywhere to wait. They have a bar but on busy nights even that is full. It's a happening place with great food. It'a a no-brainer. GO NOW!
3	I gave this place a 3 bc the staff was rude but the food was great! Good pizza! Atmosphere was loud but not unbearable. No music. I don't speak French and they didn't have an English menu so that was frustrating. Overall, good food but don't expect to be paid attention to.
4	Tried this place with a friend after we heard how good the pizza were and how authentic this place is. We got there and the place was pretty empty and we were told that we can only be seated at the bar and that we had to be gone by 7:30. I am not going to lie it was a bit of a turn off but I figure I am here might as well we eat and being that it was 5:30 we still had 2 hrs to eat. Within one hour the place was packed.I don't remember the pizza I picked but it was amazing cheese, olive, mushroom and prosciutto. My friend got a Margherita pizza and it was also very fresh a s tasty. I had an entree of olive with some bread and very good olive oil.It is a fancy and expensive place but you do get good service and very good food. Next time I will try the pasta and see if they are as good as the pizzas
