5	Eddie is every bit a professional and is great at not only removing tattoo's but also at making them :)I've only had 4 sessions and it's very very close to being done!He's also very reasonably priced and is respected among the tattoo industry. Dr.Tattoff is a joke compared to Eddie and nobody else compares.
5	Eddie is incredible. Very professional and efficient. The business is very beautiful and well kept. I'm on my fourth laser session and believe that it should be my last... For that 1 tattoo anyway. He's really fast so I don't mind the hot rubber snapping feeling from the laser. Forget Dr. Tattoff come see Eddie. A nice family man who truly cares about his clients and is extremely dedicated to helping people remove their crappy tattoo's.
5	loved it had the perfect shade of purple!!!!!!!!!!!!!! going back as well
5	Well, we came to visit Las Vegas for the weekend and my girlfriend wanted to a tattoo done while we were out in Vegas. She called multiple places on and around the strip, viewed portfolios of everyone. We would receive quotes of prices of $350-$400 for a tattoo of 3 roses that would be on her thigh. My girlfriend then spoke to Eddie, emailed him a design of the tattoo and gave her a quote of $200 for the work to be done. He stated "don't worry I can work around your budget".Then comes the day of getting the tattoo, and trying to figure out how the hell we were going to get to Henderson (our first time in Nevada). We opted for the bus, since cabs would be like $50-$60 one way. So took our first bus, walked to the next one, got on that 1 and realized that the walk from the bus stop to his shop was the walk of hell. My girlfriend called Eddie told her we may be running late because of the bus and the walk, and he said "I'll pick you guys up from your bus stop, to save some time".Man, i was thankful for that.We got to his shop (looked & smelled amazing in there). And got her tattoo done in 30 minutes... Now, I am no tattoo expert so when he said we are finishing up, I was worried. But, he did AMAZING work on her realistic roses, and the shading on the roses were amazing.To sum it up, Eddie was very professional, very easy person to talk to, and SUPER friendly. I am glad my girlfriend chose him to do her tattoo and I hope we see him again!Cheap prices, great artists, and friendly environment. What more do you want?
5	I wanted a tattoo of my dog Zoey. I did my research on local artists and decided on Eddie. My research time really paid off because the work Eddie did is nothing short of awesome! The detail is incredible, right down to her whiskers.The coloring is spot on. He even captured her intangible qualities: personality, heart and soul. To say I'm pleased is a complete understatement. The whole experience was great.I would not hesitate to get another tattoo from Eddie or to highly recommend him. Thank you Eddie, Jane
5	After the recent loss of my 24 year old son, my wife and I agreed that I was going to get my first ever tattoo to honor my son. Being new to the area I was fortunate enough to find Ray get started. Ray was compassionate and came up with a design that was exactly what I wanted. Ray arranged to do the work in one sitting, talking to us about the importance of wearing something you are proud of as well as he being proud of too with his art background. I now have a beautiful memorial for my son that me and my family are proud of. Thank you Ray
5	I was looking to get a tattoo on my shoulder laser removed. After shopping around and doing my research I can say that I felt the R20 treatment was best for me and Eddie was the guy to do it. Eddie explained that he is also a tattoo artist so he a unique skill set that allows him to best understand the proper techniques and laser settings to remove the ink in the quickest safest way. Overall he was a very reassuring guy and I left absolutely confident in his abilities. Price- I called around and was pretty surprised the difference in prices between places. Some were truly astronomical. Eddie had a coupon on his website for December that helped out but I also paid cash up front and that allowed him to work with me on price. There was only one other place that was even close to his price point and I chose Eddie because he was able to use the R20 method and the other place wasn't. It has been 5 days and so far the healing process has been great. I have been taking pictures everyday and plan to upload a few progress pics here once it progresses further. If you're considering it and have a question or two for someone who's just gone through it then message me and I'll get back to you or else if you want to see pics of the progression I can email those too.
5	My daughter in law and I decided to get nose piercings together.  She lives in the area and I am from South San Francisco, visiting.  Michael Turrigiano was beyond awesome.  He was kind, considerate, polite and very helpful.  This was my first piercing besides my ears, so I was, mnnnn, a bit nervous.  He made getting a nose piercing a great experience.  I would totally recommend Skin Factory and Michael Turrigiano.
5	I have had two tattoo's done by Ray and I am very happy with both.  My hubby has also gotten a tattoo from him and was also pleased.  He is looking to get another on from him in the future but hasn't decided yet how he wants it to look. We have also recommended people to him and will return we we are ready for the next tattoo.
3	Went here on August 1st for a consultation on laser removal.When I called this morning at around 11am, the man was very polite, and when I asked to schedule a consultation, he informed me that if I made it before 2pm that I could be seen. Awesome. The office was very clean, and well decorated, but cold.It turns out that my extremely horrible cover up that I did about 3 years ago is 30 square inches.... A part of me felt that this was a rather large number.... Because the tattoo isn't one big piece... I believe that parts of my untattood skin was part of that measurement.. seeing as how he just put a grid up to my back.  I do not remember if he introduced himself, but I'm sure it was the owner. I told him that I want a complete removal. He wasn't mean, but he wasn't overly personable... and very blunt at the same time.. My consultation was quick.....  I was in and out....I was there for ten minutes.... Maybe it's just me, but wouldn't you want more than ten minutes of discussion for a procedure like this... ?He told me that he figured it would be between 7 and 12 sessions... give or take 2 or 3 sessions ( this could be 2 less, or 2 more.)For the first square inch, they charge $45, and $25 for each additional square inch, so with my " 30 square inches", it translates to $420 a session.They have deals where if you purchase a certain amount of sessions up front, not the pay as you go, $420 a session, you get up to a 25% discount.If I were to purchase 9 sessions up front, the cost per session would be $315. I didn't ask if the monies were refundable if the number of sessions weren't needed....but since he didn't say anything about it... I'm going to guess not.He said that with some of the colors, they could be difficult, (white, yellow, light blue mixture) because light can not break them up, but he guaranteed 98%.
1	My experience it at Skin Factory has been the worse experience ever. After my consultation which I waited 30 minutes even though I had appointment and between him running back and forth tattooing and helping me I was rushed the whole time. But since I waited a week for this appointment and was so eager to start I decided go ahead anyways.Now 3 sessions later I have major scarring which the laser tech Eddie there assured me there wouldn't be. This part of my body will be scarred for the rest of my life.Since then I have been going to another laser facility in Vegas only had 2 sessions so far on my other tattoo and it is almost gone with zero scarring. Parts of my tattoo is completely gone I can't even find where the ink used to be. So do your homework make sure you research the brand of lasers that is being used when chosing a place to go to.
5	Ellen was amazing! Today was my first session and it hurt! But, she was honest up front about it and made sure explained what results I would have (since I have greens in my tattoo and they are hardest to remove). I look forward to finishing my sessions and starting from scratch. Thanks, Ellen!
5	If you can sit through an hour+ tattoo session you have no reason to be scared of a few minutes with laser tattoo removal. It hurts. Don't get me wrong. But that's the fun of it! Right? My laser tech, Ellen has been informative, thorough, and efficient covering all the details of what I should experience with my results. She made me very comfortable and walked me through any questions I may have had. I have NOT experienced any scarring on my 50 square inch of tattoos I've had treatments on. (That's a lot of skin coverage and a lot of sessions) I probably won't ever get used to the pain, but watching the results of laser tattoo removal makes coming back more desirable. Thank you for a quick and painful experience Ellen. You rock sister!
5	I went here for a ratio removal session and  I was very pleased with my experience. The shop is very  clean and the staff is very friendly and pleasant. After one session one of my tattoos is hardly visible the other still needs about 6 more sessions to go. I cant wait until I am able to go back and get rid of that horrible piece of work
5	Just got my elbow zapped here for the third time and I'm getting great results. They have fair prices and a great staff. My only advise is ice the area well before going because it hurts and that's about the only thing that will help with the pain. On the positive side they are fast.
5	Eddie did a great job on my tattoo. It was my first tattoo ever, plus it was a portrait, plus it was on my ribs. He made it very comfortable, and made it go as smooth as possible. He was very quick, yet very efficient. My appointment was at 8:00am. He brought me in, looked at my picture, did an outline, cleaned all the equipment, set everything up, and started tattooing by 830. By 930 I was walking out the door with my finished, and amazing tattoo. Couldn't have asked for a better experience, or artist.
5	I first contacted Eddie by email about doing a tattoo on my arm. He responded very quickly, excited about my ideas. Once we had a real consultation, he brought great ideas to the table and seemed to really understand what I wanted, which was a great relief. It's always nice to have someone else excited about what you want to permanently place on your skin!The tattoo ended up even better than what I wanted. His work is amazingly detailed and I felt like he brought his own touch to the design that made the piece exceptional. Not to mention he is lightening quick and precise. He blazed through my piece without sacrificing on quality at all. He was also very friendly and great to talk to, which helps when you have to sit still for so long! I would 100% recommend Eddie and I'm already planning on heading back to him next time I want a tattoo.
