4	This assisted living facility is above average.  It's a combination of nursing home and rehab facility.  The staff is hit or miss depending on which nurses are working. This place could have been cleaner but it didn't smell like urine, mainly just clutter. I didn't think it was sanitary that they used the same water to mop every person's room but, that's really the biggest complaint I have. The rehab was effective and consistent.  They also had a really nice outdoor courtyard where we spent most of our time. Inside there are some shops that include a beauty parlor and ice cream shop...it's all made to look like a little village of shops. They also provide several activities throughout the day.
1	My mother recently received rehabilitation services from Freedom Plaza. The people that work at Freedom Plaza are very friendly. Beyond that there is very little positive I can say about her experience there. In the 2 weeks of her, supposed, rehabilitation she never walked more than 150 feet. She had been labeled a liability. This is interesting, considering the entire reason she was sent there was to walk and rehabilitate after open heart surgery. She walked more in the hospital ICU than she did at Freedom Plaza.  During her two weeks there she was not showered or bathed one time.  She was continually pulled up out of her recliner by her arms, which is contraindicated after open heart surgery. We met with case management to address our concerns, but none of them were addressed. Case management rarely returned phone calls. I would not send my mom back to Freedom Plaza given the choice. I would not recommend that anyone send their loved one there for rehabilitation. They may do a good job at long term care but they do not do a good job at rehabilitation.
5	After a lengthy stay in the ICU, my mom was brought here and spent three weeks.  We visited  a couple nursing homes but the one we selected couldn't take her.  She was brought here, but we were a little anxious after seeing it only had 2.5 stars.    This place far exceeded our expectations!  Its the only nursing home we went to that didn't smell like pee and poop.  The rooms are comparable to a nice hotel, VERY clean.  She enjoyed the food.  And most of the residents seemed to be in good spirits, which to us says a lot.  The nursing staff was fantastic.  She especially enjoyed her time with Ian, her speech therapist.  Physical therapy team did wonders.  She spent a month in the ICU, sedated for 2 weeks, on a feeding tube, and suffered ICU phycosis before she was brought to freedom plaza care center.  They had her up and walking and taking care of herself in a few short days.THANK YOU Freedom plaza care center staff, for giving us back our mom!
