1	I was the first patient at this particular Quick Care.  The first!  I still have the mug to prove it.  Since then I've been back a couple of times and after my last trip, I'll brave the ER before going here ever again.The first time I went, when I was the first patient on the first day they were open, I was greeted by a grumpy doctor who acted like I was a big thorn in her side.  My ankle was terribly swollen.  She asked me how I did it and I told her I'd been dancing.  "Not very effectively," she snorted with derision.  Gee, lady, thanks, I already feel like crap because my ankle is the size of a watermelon and now you're going to degrade me!  You rule!The last time I came in and I was terribly dehydrated after being sick for 3 days.  Turns out I had a terrible kidney infection and the flu.  Awesome.  They start me on the slowest.  IV. Drip.  Ever.  If I hadn't asked them to speed it up, I would have been there for 4 hours.  As it was, I was there for 2.5.  Despite the fact that I had an IV in my hand, they still gave me shots in the butt.  When I went back to the ER days later because nothing they gave me helped anything, the nurses were appalled when I told them what went on,I don't think I've ever seen a friendly face here.  And when you're sick, really, that makes a big difference.
5	Having lived all over the country and been to many, many walk-in clinics, I have to tell you to ignore those one star reviews on here. SO not true. At least in my opinion.After 2 hours on Google and the phone today trying to find SOMEWHERE to just walk in and get antibiotics or SOMETHING for this bronchitis or whatever it is, I found this place right near my house. First yay.I walked in and smiling, professional staff greeted me, and quickly did the initial paperwork with me. Lynn explained to me the 55% discount for residents...yay #2. Within moments, I was routed to the nurse who took my vitals, and then straight to my room, where my doctor, Dr. Vu arrived in like...12 seconds. yay #3.The doctor listened to me, asked pertinent questions, did not invalidate me or tell me what to think. Just listened and paid attention and cared about what I had to say and how I felt. I told him I didn't have insurance so he figured that into the prescriptions he wrote and even gave me the exact costs of each one so I'd be prepared. He also explained each of the medications he was prescribing, what each one does, why he was prescribing it, etc. Then all the staff and I chatted about medicine and cool iPhone apps and I was out of there in about 30 minutes from the time I arrived.This is the first time I've been to a doctor since moving to Las Vegas a year ago, and I'm really relieved that I found a place that I feel is professional and cares about giving good service and helping people.
1	I am not sure who is ready to give 5 stars to this place. I spend about 5 hours at this UMC "quick care" and left with a medication that I was on and did not work on me for the same condition. I have a big bill coming in every week and I dont know for what.  This place looks like a scam. I woul;d rather prefer going to CVS ot walgreen clinic.Thanks
3	Way faster than I expected...I was thinking we were going to be there at least 4 hours.  From the time we walked in, paperwork, triage, waiting room and seeing the doctor was only about 1 and 1/2 hours.  There was a male nurse who was really helpful and easy to understand.  Had a bit of a language barrier with the doctor.  Just got health insurance so this was a stop before I can make it into my primary...not bad for the co-pay $50.  Don't plan on going back there but it definitely served it's purpose for the day.
2	Went here about a week ago for a UTI.  What a nightmare.  I've never seen a less professional set of health care providers.  Was in and out in about 2.5 hours and the facilities were clean.  Front desk staff is highly knowledgeable and friendly.  One male nurse was very informative and relaxing....and that's where the goodness ends.  After signing in and waiting about 20 minutes a filipino nurse spent about 10 minutes cleansing the lobby of pamphlets and flyers left by various solicitors.  She made great ado about it, fussing about how they're not supposed to leave anything in the lobby.... which led to a full-blown clean-up of the whole reception area THEN she took me back for my appointment.  This lady had all the warmth and compassion of a head of cauliflower.   After her cold consultation I was taken to a smaller torture chamber to wait...and wait...and wait.  There was only one other patient ahead of me and I heard her leave.  The doctors and nurses then piled into the room next to mine and began to talk about her scorpion sting.  Then they spent 20 minutes talking about the homeless dude in Texas who went on a bath-salt bender and chewed another homeless dude's face off.  Then they spent another 10 minutes talking about a video they watched earlier on Youtube of a girl that was beaten to death while several children stood by and did nothing.  Then they talked about how they don't like to work with the doctor who wasn't there that particular day because "he's no fun and doesn't like to joke around." In stumbles Dr. R who plops down in a chair in front of me so hard he bangs his head on the sharps container on the wall and laughs nervously.  This is obviously the new guy.  He talks with me a bit and then brings in Dr. I-no-speak-English who decides the best way to deal with my UTI is to do a pelvic exam.  Are you kidding me??? But I'm tired and defeated and had been working for the last 9 hours so I consented.  So I'm taken into yet another torture chamber where the nice male nurse gets the room ready for my pelvic exam.  He leaves and in comes an older blonde nurse who starts breaking down the room and throwing everything away while I'm standing there in the room.  I'm like, "Ahem...they're fixing to use that stuff on me." And she gets all embarrassed and starts putting it all back.  Then I undress and Nurse Newbie, Dr. Chinky and Dr. Goofy are all staring down my vag and it's getting crowded in this tiny room.  Humiliating.  They bump into my legs as they try to maneuver about.  Then I'm happy because it's time to go home.  They tell me to call in about 4 business days to get the lab results.  I call this morning at 8:45 to get the results and they tell me they'll pull my chart and call me back.  Ok, fair enough.  It's now 2 hours later.  I called them back just now and a snotty receptionist sneered "They are busy with patients and they will call you back if they get a chance."Seriously???  What has happened to a bedside manner??  My insurance paid them good money to see me and I feel worse off now than before I went in there.  I just wish they would put themselves in other people's shoes....it's terrible to be uncomfortable and in pain and look to them for relief and get absolutely nothing.
2	In short I would REALLY like to shove my broken ass foot up this UMC's bungholio. Maybe I'm just brusque because I am in no better shape than I was before this visit. Nope, UMC just sucks.No Radiologist on site to read my x-rays.....so who read them? Better yet, who did I pay to read them? Maybe it was the manager's daughter in her early 20s in a Walmart sundress who sounded like she was on Oxycontin and just smoked ten packs of cigs. I love when I am at these places and hear such random conversations I shouldn't be hearing. 2nd. I can barely walk. Yes, it's my fault I'm such a clutz. The doctor says it's severly sprained and throws me a script for Tylenol with Codeine and has a nurse wrap my foot and tells me to go buy a cane or my own brace. WTF?! She also says it may be fractured, but I need to see a Podiatrist to find out for sure, oh and I can't workout for 8-10 weeks........Why did I come here again? Ughhh.The TWO STARS is because this bullshit only took me a little over an hour and I was out. We all know that deserves stars. If you happen to stumble into my office today I am the cranky one drooling with my swollen foot on the desk watching Facts of Life reruns not doing diddly and possibly sleeping.DO NOT WAKE THE DRAGON.
1	This place is a joke I have severe arthritis in my back and degenerative disc disease. And I was treated like a drug addict from the second I walked in there. I was talked down to and treated with no respect. I need back, knee, and shoulder surgery. I have all the mri's to prove it. I ended up walking out in the middle of the exam.the staff comes off as uneducated trash! I ended up in the hospital via ambulance. Where I was put on a morphine drip for the severity of my problems. No one should be treated in such a manner. Nevada has a lot of work to do with their health care system. I'm from Boston and healthcare in this city is shocking. As bad as my situation is I'm sure there are others worse off than I. There's never a reason to be that rude and disrespectful. There are many fields that don't work with the public. Try one of those!My visit bordered on malpractice. To the person who said ignore the one star ratings which there are more of than good ones. Including the" I got a Q-tip stuck in my ear" guy.thats a job for a 1st year med student.  How dare you question others when you nothing about their visits. Speak for your self or shut your mouth until you can walk a mile in my shoes!!!!!
4	After being sent home from work, made the decision that something was seriously wrong with me and I should probably see a specialist. I don't like going to the hospital because they charge 5x as much on my insurance as a Quick Care. Came in pretty late so the wait wasn't so bad. With only 3 people ahead of me I was seeing the doctor within 15 minutes. After doing a quick check up on me, I was treated for the stomach flu, was prescribed medicine. The service was pretty good. The nurses were nice and patient. Felt much better and glad I didn't try to guess and treat it myself. If had been during a busy time like during lunch or midday, I would have given them 2 or 3 stars because I know it would have taken over an hour to see the doctor. But, the nurses were kind, and the doctors here are pretty knowledgeable. And I was able to save a lot of money by not going to the ER.
3	Have visited this place three times in the last four months with my kids.  Daughter had bronchitis in December.  They gave her an inhaler and antibiotics with a do not go to school for three days note.  January's visit made me mad.  I haven't received my new insurance card in the mail.  As a county employee, I get to go to UMC and UMC Quick Care without a copay.  (Yay, me.)  The receptionist won't call loomis to check on my coverage.  So, they charged me $70 deposit, as if I had no insurance.  The receptionist asked me twice if I wanted to still have my son see the doctor.  I said yes.  When I went into the room, the first thing out of the doctor's mouth was asking me why I didn't have insurance.  Perhaps, I should have showed him my employee id, too, but was getting pissed at this point.  I explained to him the situation and that I paid the $70.  He asked me if I still wanted him to see my son.  Yes, I do thank you very much.He prescribed an inhaler for my son.  Bronchitis, too.  No antibiotics for him.  Let me say that when I got the bill (which didn't go through my insurance), it was only $20 more.  Why were they harassing me so much about coming there when they got the majority of my money up front?  I had to talk to two UMC billing people to get them to process my insurance.  I still have not received my $70 back.Most recently, I went in when I was concerned that my daughter sprained, broke, fractured her ankle.  Why did I go there with all the prior hassle?  Because for no copay, they would look at her, take an xray, have it reviewed by the radiologist, and tell me what I needed to do.  All at one place and within 90 minutes of me walking in without an appointment.  Luckily, it was only sprained.    UMC Quick Care still owes me $70!
5	Only took 30 minutes. These folks know what their doing and what they're talking about! This place was great! I was diagnosed with a tonsil abscess within minutes of going into the back room. I had to go to the ER over at St. Rose and the doctor called over so I would have to wait in the ER. I would recommend them to anyone!
5	Took my boyfriend here last night right before closing. Everyone was super friendly in and out with antibiotics within 30-45 minutes. I waited longer at the pharmacy than I did in their office. Staff was amazing!
1	I came into this office tonight for an abscess tooth. I have had a few so I know the difference. The pain is unbearable and your gums form a pocket after you have had a cavity for some while. I don't have insurance and I do not have 50 or would've went to a dentist. Let me add I came in for antibiotics, not hard core pills. Let me say this place is horrible! After claiming I have gingivitis from the female doctor on staff at 7:30 at night to not giving me a prescription  because I wouldn't pay 50 is basically holding it hostage. I could understand if I was trying to get Vicodin but an antibiotic? The lady in charge of billing kicked me out! I will be going to the director having a law background I know that UMC has a sign on the wall stating that they will help everyone. What they're forgot at the bottom is anyone with money. By the way already at another hospital and have been seen and what so you know I have an abscess tooth, not gingivitis. You will have to pay a copay if they find you as not an emergency, which gingivitis would be considered as not an emergency. The nurse there who has blonde hair I will be writing the director for her because she belongs in a way better environment. Gingivitis is where all your gums are inflamed and your gums are bleeding.
1	Most services around town exhibit extremely good service.  However, I guess there's always one here and there that stands out negatively.  Here's my experience with one of those providers.  On May 17th, 2014, I was extremely ill and went to a UMC Quick Care on Marks Street in Henderson.  I thought I had food poisoning because two days before during work hours I began vomiting and became weak almost immediately.  I went home and for the next 12 hours stayed nauseated and continued to vomit intermittently.  I wasn't sure what was wrong with me; I'm usually never sick. I couldn't keep food down and lost all body strength.  Because I just began a new job, I had no medical insurance so I went to UMC, paid a $50 initial fee to see a doctor.  The doctor ordered an x-ray to make sure I didn't have pneumonia, and thank God, that result was negative.  The doctor's diagnosis was acute bronchitis.  I thought for sure the doctor would give me a prescription for Azithromycin (Z-Pak) or some antibiotic, but she didn't.  Instead, she recommended Tylenol.  Returning to the clinic the following day to request an antibiotic, I was told to just allow the bronchitis to dissipate on its own over the next few weeks.  The doctor's rationale was that I could become immune to antibiotics.  I left the clinic as weak and nauseated as the day before.  And, because I had just started a new job, I HAD to return to work the following day feeling weak and physically off balance; worrying if I'll become even weaker and contract pneumonia.  Even today, a month later, I'm still not feeling completely well.  I don't feel like myself; I don't think it's out of my system yet.  So what's UMC Quick Care's point?  Obviously, it's okay to bill me other charges (in addition to the $50 fee) to see a doctor only to be told to take a Tylenol?  When you go to UMC Quick Care, it's because you're feeling really sick; you anticipate seeing a doctor and obtaining medication to help you get well. Had I known this will probably cost me in excess of $200 only to be told to take a Tylenol, I could have saved the money, gone over to Walgreen's and have the pharmacist recommend Tylenol.  That certainly would have helped me to heal sooner, I'm sure.
5	Thank you UMC Sunset Quick Care for taking excellent care of my son. Audree, at the frront desk was professional, pleasant and efficient. Dr, Vu  was awesome and I am grateful to him for his proffesional and thorough care of my son and treating him for his virus.  This was third urgent care tried in Hendersen area and by far the best. Stellar performance Sunset Quick Care.
5	I came in because I fell and injured my left knee. The room was packed, but I was seen as soon as possible. The front staff along with the nurse, doctor and X-ray tech were all extremely nice and helpful. Nice to be able to joke around with the nurse. I came in the next day to retrieve copies of my X-rays and it went smoothly. Thank you all so much!
5	Came in quick care because I needed a prescription for my sinus infection. The wait wasn't that long (thank goodness). I had Dr. Tran Tan, she was nice and gentle doctor. She prescribed me a medication. Within 5 days, my sinus infection was gone! I like to say thank you Dr. Tran Tan for getting rid of my sinus infection or otherwise, I would be miserable.
2	Dr Cordero is a smart dr. However the wait time and over crowdedness of this place makes it unbearable. I'm at the "primary care" part of this facility not the urgent care although they are connected, I must change dr's.
4	My visit here was for something minor. Came to get my eye checked out because it was a bloody mess and looked horrifying  like "Walking Dead" according to Mr. B. Walked in with no appointment late afternoon on the weekend.  Waiting area 4 people ahead. You sign in first at the front desk clipboard, take a seat and wait to be called.  Receptionist called me about 10 minutes later and asked questions and took my information. Bring your health plan card with you. It is stressed you also need 1 form of picture ID also. Payment taken upfront. Only out of pocket expense was our copay since I have medical coverage.Waiting area is small, bare bones, just a bunch of uncomfortable chairs squeezed into the small space. Thank goodness it wasnt crowded, I would be afraid to catch someone else's germs if I was sitting too close by...eek. It wasnt too long after the medical assistant called me in, took my stats and put me in a room. Doc came in few minutes later, took a look at my eye, assured me I was going to survive and I didn't have no brain aneurysm, just a busted blood vessel that would heal on it's own. From the time I checked in til the time I walked out was just a lil over 30 minutes. I never felt the staff nor Dr rushed any of the patients either.This place is not fully equipped to be a true urgent care facility so skip and save yourself time and grief if you are having chest pains and go to the nearest ER!  For things like sore throats, earaches, and bloody eyes, you've come to the right place as this place is designated "quick care".   This visit was less stressful than going over to St Rose Siena's Urgent care where you spend your first 15 minutes hunting down a parking spot and walking a distance before you even reach their facility. Anytime Im there it's 3 hour visit at least....but 30 minutes here..now that is QUICK! So 30 minute visit, attentive Dr. and staff.....Im a fan of Quick Care.
4	NURSE CHRIS P. You were awesome and funny ! Thank you for being a cool and respectful nurse. Trips here aren't always fun but your attitude made it lively! I can here Friday at 1 and was in to the doctors room at 145. I do not have insurance and they charge 83 dollars for a "deposit" then the rest of charges billed. The ladies at the front desk were cheerful and helpful. I honestly have to complaints probably because I didn't have to wait an absurd amount of time. The employees made it a nice visit
4	Props to all the staff here! I came in here Christmas Eve because I lost my voice and was struggling to breathe. I had a flight to catch later that night. I think I walked in right after 8 am, when they open, and there were about 6 people in front of me.The front desk staff was nice, friendly, made conversation, and actually smiled! Thank you guys for that. When you are feeling crappy and you are in a waiting room with a bunch of other sick people, it matters!I think I waited for about 45 minutes before they called me back to see a doctor. The nurse that took my temperature, etc., was nice, but straight and to the point. I ended up seeing Dr. Tran, who was really really sweet, and seemed genuinely concerned. I ended up having asthmatic bronchitis, and Dr. Tran was really sympathetic about the pain I was in, which all of us patients know really make a difference in how you are feeling when you leave. She wrote me my prescriptions, and I was out of there within an hour. I live in Spring Valley, and I drove out of my way to come here because of the stellar Yelp! reviews. Thank you, my Yelpers! for always steering me in the right direction.
