4	Got a reliable set of new tires with a rebate and service plan and they finished the job just like they said in 45 minutes.  Will definitely go back!
1	The first time I went I would give it four stars. Fast service, reliable, etc.This time was different. Much different.I called and asked for a quote- an oil change, check tire pressure, and top off fluids. I was told $34. Ok, this seemed a bit pricey but reasonable. I dropped my car off and they took it in no problem.About 2 hours later I was called - told I needed a new filter...and new tires. From what Ive been told $34 should have truly covered the cost of a filter. I said ok fine-despite my initial hesitation but no on the tires.I picked up my car and paid for my $51 OIL CHANGE....ridiculous. Anyway  I noticed right away that my light was still on for my tire pressure - I have an automatic gauge. I went inside and explained that I needed them to check the pressure. I was told to drive a few miles and it would go off. By this time I had to be back at work- obviously the gauge never turned off. I was so frustrated by this that I called back - and was put on hold forever. The guy was really unhelpful so at this point I havent even bothered to take it back.I have a feeling if I were a guy I wouldnt be having this issue...I would not go back.On another note, if you know of a good/reasonable mechanic in the Charlotte (uptown/southend) area please let me know. Thanks
5	I have been back repeatedly.  It's only $40 for a tow here - most area tows start at $60.  Their management is friendly and fair.  They've waived diagnostics for me that turned up negative, let me pay in payments when I didn't have all the cash at once and have even done part of the work for me when I wanted to do some of the work myself to save money.  These guys really try to take care of their customers and will keep me coming back.
2	I usually wouldn't submit a negative review for this type of place, but, its SHITTY and thought everyone should know. Unfortunately we ordered a part from here... Came back to be the wrong one, sent back and was supposed to have new one overnighted, two weeks later we get it and it's wrong, but they say because we could t find the receipt we could t return I because they have no record system that keeps their customers interactions/orders logged. Unreal.
1	if i could give zero stars I would.....So instead of going to Gibson Automotive to get my wife's battery swapped out we had $20.00 off $100.00 purchase coupon for Pep Boys on South BLVD. Made an appointment for noon. At 12:05 my wife called and they said that we needed a new alternator and not only that the $20.00 coupon only works for in store purchases (it says car batteries right on it). I told her to pay for the battery and meet me at Gibson....5 minutes later Larry Gibson comes out with the tests from 2 different machines saying nothing is wrong with the alternator. No charge and hope to see you soon......Pep Boys wanted over $460.00.....free installation? Scam Artists (Pep Boys) is more like it. DO NOT TRUST THIS BUSINESS WITH A MATCHBOX CAR
4	Recently took my wife's car here for diagnostics. We were thankful that this is one of the few shops open on Sunday. We made an oppointment for 10am Sunday, received a call after the diagnostic at 12:30pm, and had the car back by 3:30. Jim was great.The car was experiencing serious shaking, so we weren't surprised by the hefty bill (~$875). There was a laundry list of maintenance performed and most charges seemed reasonable. Check their website for coupons; we were fortunate to find one for 10% off.
4	I brought my daughter's car here for a diagnostic as the check engine light was shining. One of their guys hooked up the doodad to the widget and gave me the codes. Which were totally meaningless. What's a "0674"? Well, they looked those up as well. So here's the deal. They will do a diagnosis of what's up for a certain flat rate and make a recommendation with an estimate. If I decide to go through with their exact recommendations, then I get half the cost of the diagnosis back. I let him go do it. And when he told me that it would be about $800 for the replacement flux capacitor (actually something related to an intake manifold), I gave my approval. When finished (and $750 later, as I had a 10% coupon from their website), the car was back to running perfectly.Free wifi and power outlets in the waiting room. And if you don't want to wait here, there are a couple of decent restaurants within walking distance.Solid repair, probably about as cheap as it's going to get and still have a legit warranty, done as quick as it can be done. I'd go back.
4	I ended up taking my car here because it was the only place open on a sunday and it didn't regret it. The customer service was polite, prompt and got straight to work when my vehicle got in the shop. The only reason i did not give them 5 stars was because the part that i had to order did not come anywhere near the time they said it would, but other than that it was a pleasant experience which is more than i can say for most car services.
5	My experiences here have been great! Most recently I came in to replace a tire and it was done very quickly and the service was polite and friendly. They also checked on a number of other things for me for free. They didn't try to upsell me on anything, and they gave me expected time frames for the life of some of my other parts. All in all, it was quick and fairly inexpensive, as have been my previous experiences here as well.
5	This place did great job on my car without a appointment for a oil change . Customer service hit the bulls eye. The waiting area isn't much to look it . Doesn't matter when they make u feel / like money well spent . No up sales. Chevy malibu maxx ss
1	Learned some important lessons here about car maintenance and what to do when something actually breaks down.Had a Honda Accord (fresh off of a $700 maintenance job) start smoking while on the road. I'm not a car expert but I've done a little work on them - my first thought was that some coolant tubes were ruptured since it's a 90's car. There was coolant steaming all over the engine. After a nightmare situation with towing companies we brought the car to pep boys since it was a Sunday.The diagnosis was a completely blown radiator. Or, at least that's what pep boys told my girlfriend while I walked home with the dog before I came to pick her up. My alarm bells were ringing but I deferred to expertise and swallowed the $600 repair bill and agreed to pick it up the following day.After driving it back the whole car was shaking at low RPMs. Once again I thought this was pretty basic - the whole thing reeked of a dead cylinder which meant spark plugs or the distributor (which had been replaced in the repair earlier that week!). When we brought it back we were told "well it ran a little rough..." Why did the car run great when we gave it to them? Possibly the exploding coolant damaged the distributor, but WHY IS IT ACCEPTABLE TO GIVE ME A CAR WITH 3/4 CYLINDERS RUNNING?A day later we get the damage report... it's the distributor (oh what a surprise) and the icing on the cake... the coolant tubes are ruptured. The distributor's under warranty but they'll charge 300 to replace the tubing.At this point I was ready to strangle someone. I would have rather spent $400 anywhere else rather than give these crooks another dime. Then there's the final kicker. For all their "diagnostic work" they're going to charge $250 if they don't do anything. Figuring out... what, exactly? Stuff that a car-retarded individual can figure out after 30 second of googling and a rudimentary knowledge of how an engine works? Did the radiator even need to be replaced? How on EARTH were the cooling tubes ignored until our second visit?The guys were perfectly nice. Maybe because they were robbing us out of at least $600. That's not enough to get more than a star from me.TL;DR: Do not come here. Don't come on a Sunday (why we did) and don't come any other day. It's not worth an extra hundred bucks to get service when there are so many other auto shops that won't lie to your face right next to this join on south blvd.
5	We the day of their Grand Reopening. Love the new store. Everyone was super friendly and helpful. Special shout out to Chris Delgreco, this man knows how customer service should be treated.
5	Amazing service! Great customer service and care! I came here to see if I could get my ac/hv fixed. They told me the astronomical price that it would cost to fix it. Then they explained how I could bypass those fees by manually controlling the knob under my steering wheel by my pedals. So helpful!! Life saver. It's going to be a cold winter and I didn't want to/ couldn't shell out $1000 to have it fixed. Thanks guys!!!
2	World' slowest oil change. After sitting for 20+min They brought my car in and said "20 minutes"...30 min later my car hadn't been touched. People just sitting in the shop doing nothing.
