2	My wife and I visited John's Family Restaurant for dinner tonight.  We both ordered something different for our entrees but our sides were the same.  I ordered the sirloin and she had the roast beef.  We both had mash potatoes and broccoli.  We both agreed that the mash potatoes needed work, too watery.  The broccoli was ok for the most part.  The steak was ok but had too much fat on it.  My wife said that the roast was good, didn't have to use a knive to cut it, it was that tender.We ordered dessert.  I got the coconut cream pie and she got the pumpkin pie.  We both enjoyed the cream pie, good amount of coconut to cream filling.  The pumpkin pie was a little salty but good.Overall, we will probably go back but will try other things.  The service was good and the table was clean when we were seated.
4	I've been going to John's with my family since I was a kid, and it hasn't failed me yet.Southern comfort food as it should be. A variety of tasty entrees with a list of delicious sides to choose from. Always served with a biscuit or cornbread. If you go for dinner, they'll also give you a complimentary (yep, a free) bowl of the soup of the day with your meal. A rarity this day and age, for sure.John's is not going to be your fancy place, or a spot with a crazy fly atmosphere, but it's not trying to be. It's good, affordable food served by nice folks.
5	Excellent restaurant. Ate here over 30 times. Highly recommend.
3	We frequent John's for the chicken parmesan. They also have amazing collard greens and beans. They have AMAZING coconut cream pie. Don't  miss it.My only complaint about John's is that they won't let me order from the kids menu. I don't eat much so a full serving is always too much food for me.
1	I was not impressed with the food. I ordered a salad , steak , and mashed potatoes. I received my salad which had about 1/4 cup of water on the bottom of the plate. The mashed potatoes were grossly runny. And I wish restaurants would quit serving ice tea in plastic as the tea picks up the plastic taste. The only thing I found alittle enjoyable is the steak had some good flavor.
3	Good southern country cooking , great prices nice sized portions I had grilled salmon , collard greens, coconut pie delicious ..
5	I ordered a chicken salad sandwich and fries - it was excellent! I'll definitely be returning.
3	Being new to the area I will try any place, at least once.Today, my coworkers took me out to lunch once again. I've learned to take everything they say with a grain of salt.... "Let's go to John's today...they got excellent food". Well, to each his own. Upon arrival, we were seated quickly. Our waitress took our beverage order and came back with them immediately. She was as good as they come."Great food at reasonable Prices" is what they claim....personally, I think its reasonable/ok food at great prices. It's not awful but it's not great. I ordered the chicken cutlets with, mashed potatoes and collards. You can tell the cutlets had been frozen for a while, Mash potatoes were out of the box and way to runny, and the collards were actually pretty good.  My colleagues ordered the fried cod fish, collards, rice, cole slaw & squash. Everything looked OK, just ok.You get what you pay for. Our meals were around $7 each and that's exactly what we got: $7 meals. I wont willingly come back to this place, but if you're in the area I would say try it out over a fast food chain.
