5	I got my dog Lucie as an adult from a breeder and have always had dog sitters come to my home because I was nervous to leave her in an unfamiliar setting. I heard about The Dog Den and decided to try it out while on vacation to Nashville. Ken and Jaqueline were simply amazing and all paperwork for Lucie's stay was completed electronically. The drop off process went smoothly and I knew she was in good hands. Later that day I was pleasantly surprised to get a picture of my sweet girl hanging out with some new friends. The owners provided periodic updates and were super flexible on the pick up time once I returned to town. They are extremely ethical, honest, and friendly. They go above and beyond what is expected of them.  Since this initial trip, Lucie has stayed at The Dog Den during two additional summer vacations and I always make sure to order her the aromatherapy treatment.  When I dropped her off the last time she got SO excited to go.  Now that the summer is over and I'll be back to work as a teacher, Ken and Jaqueline are emailing me dates that would be good for Lucie to come for daycare based on her interests because they want her to be happy when she is there.  The Dog Den is simply the best!!!
5	LOVE the Dog Den. The people working there are extremely friendly and go above and beyond. I was too nervous to use their dog boarding services without checking it out first, so I took advantage of their basic dog grooming package, which included a great nail trim, bath, and blowout. They volunteered to walk my dog, even though we were only paying for the grooming as well. I picked her up 2 hours later and she was a very happy and well groomed pup. I will definitely be using their dog boarding and grooming services in the future.
5	I have a 2 year old pit bull and a 1 and a half year old rottweiler. I cannot tell you how much I love my dogs - they are like my children. I was planning a weekend trip to see my boyfriend down in Southern Illinois and his new complex doesn't allow dogs so I was forced to board them.I've never boarded them, let alone really trust anyone else with them. I looked up place after place but none of them included free roam play and I couldn't stand thinking of my dogs in cages all day, that would be so unfair.Then I came across the dog den. I watched their you tube video tour of their establishment and was immediately impressed. Your dogs are not in cages at ALL except for night time. They are out playing with the other dogs all day, just being dogs. This definitely drew me in.I took the chance and signed them up for 3 days, 2 nights of boarding and when I arrived the Dog Den was extremely clean and Ken was SO welcoming and helpful. I was nervous but once I met Ken I felt more at ease leaving them there.I called them about 5 hours after I dropped them off to see how they were and Ken answered the phone and was super nice, telling me that they were dong great.He then called me at 8am the next morning to give me a status update on the boys which I was THRILLED with and definitely appreciated the gesture so much.I picked them up 2 days later and they were just so happy they almost didn't even care that I was there - they wanted to go back in the "Bark Park" and play some more (sad/happy moment there haha). The woman that brought them out was so sweet and gave them a fantastic report card.I will ALWAYS use their services from now on. Respectful, kind people and a great facility!!
5	Started bringing our pet to daycare here 2 weeks ago.  He was having separation anxiety issues and we felt he needed more exercise and socialization while we are away.  Both Ken and Jaqueline have been wonderful to work with.  They are patient, relaxed and loving of the animals they are charged with. I was a drop-in and Jaqueline was welcoming and helpful.  Check-in is quick and easy as is check-out.  His first day, Patches was evaluated for suitability for day care and at the end of the day, I was provided a verbal explanation of how his day went, as well as, a written "report card".  The really wonderful part is that your pet is not caged all day.  They have large activity rooms where the dogs are sorted by needs and temperament, but then are free to run and play.  Patches comes home in the evening happy, tired, and content.  The facility is very nice and very clean....no odors.  Patches enjoys going there, which tells me he is being cared for by people who are good to him and know how to care for animals.  Added bonus: Living in the city, I walk over, but, you can drive over, park on the street right in front, and run in/out with your pet.  Another great addition to downtown Champaign!
