5	This is my second time eating Garbanzos this week!  We just love it. The meal in the restaurant was fresh and delicious with incredible customer service. The owners are so nice and genuinely want to make sure you are happy with your food. The gyros with tzadiki is delicious!  We had lunch catered at my work today. Not only did they deliver but the set up was so nice. Everything was clearly labeled and the variety is incredible. Definitely an affordable and great catering option.
2	This is our first trip to Garbanzos.  Lets start with the good points.  The babaganoush was really good and so were the mushrooms.  That's all the good things I can say.  The taboulli tasted very bland, I don't think there was any lemon on it all all.  The steak did not taste very good, like almost every thing we tried it was under seasoned. I was hoping for new place to go but we won't be back.
4	This is the Mediterranean version of a Chipotle in the sense that you pick out what you want each step of the way. All of the ingredients were very fresh. I had a wrap with some tabbouleh and fresh red cabbage.  The chicken was a little chewy, but everything else was delicious.  My favorite part was the vegetable salad they put in my wrap.  It had fresh cucumber in it and it was a perfect lunch on a hot day. The service was very quick and the restaurant was comfortable.
5	This new place is awesome! I got a pita with steak and a tomato soup-- it was all very fresh and tasty! The employees were very friendly and let me try a couple of sauces. The Mediterranean garlic was my favorite! I will definitely be back soon! Thank you for a new healthy fast casual restaurant!
1	I asked for a laffa and got a totilla wrap, staff are clueless, pita bread was not soft and just crumbled. My son ordered a pita pocket, with just salad and hummus, $8.00. Not worth the money. Dont see this place lasting very long. Will not go back. Falafel is from frozen. I lived in Israel for many years, and this is an embarrasment to Israeli food. I am so disappointed.
4	Either something is wrong with me or Garbanzo has the best stuffed grape leaves ever... I love themAwesome customer service. You can tell great customer service is a pillar in their business model. I loved the chicken lemon soup too.
4	I love the idea. Yes I've had better but the staff was super friendly.  Not annoying friendly, actual friendly.  I liked the rice, hummus, and sauces. Chicken was ok. I might try something else but I will come back.
3	Quite average.  Definitely chipotle style.  I ordered a plate and got a LITTLE bit of everything including the meat.  Maybe I'm not all that familiar w/ mediterranean food but why do I need the same size scoop of pickle slices as my rice and chicken?  At least at chipotle they load you up.  Nothing spectacular but edible.
1	First visit to Garbanzo's.  Was not impressed.  Food looked like it was sitting for quite a while.  They try to play it as "healthy" but there are so many Med restaurants in the area that just absolutely clean their clock.  The use "non-hydrogenated" oil (canola) to deep fry.  But when you look at the ingredients for their salad dressings and sauces, they have "hydrogenated soybean oil" in just about everything.Not healthy, not fresh, and not impressed.  Everything looks like it comes right out of a plastic bag from some corporate office.  Definitely not a Chipolte!
4	I find myself in here every other weekend.  They do a great job with the falafel, salads and chicken and lamb.  The food is fresh and quickly served.  Do not miss the mint lemonade, a real find.
3	Great place for lunch! Quick. Reasonably priced. Decent food. Try it. You'll like it.
4	Food = very good. Service = very nice. Definitely will be back.My suggestion/complaint is that the website and the Yelp profile says "Delivery: Yes." No, that's not correct. They only deliver for orders of $100 or more.
5	Good choice for the healthy either.  I wish there should be more around.  A plate or salad is a good choice.
4	New fast casual dining spot, that let's you choose what goes on your plate. Healthy eating can be a snap by dining here and the flavors have so much to offer in the way of zip and zing. Falafel, baba ghanoush, tabouli, gyro, shawarma and  soups all ready to go when you hit the line. Stop in and give it a  try their customer service is stellar!
5	A couple of my friends came to eat here after an event--we were so surprised at the awesomeness! We all play roller derby, so we're always looking for places to eat that are relatively healthy. We were floored that a "Mediterranean Chipotle" exists!The food was awesome, the service was great. They got excited that we were so excited! We literally asked for everything on our plates.I'm a vegetarian, and there were more than plenty of options (good options, not just dinky salad options) for me. And they practiced good glove hygiene! Not to mention all the vegetarian stuff either had tongs or scoops!All-in-all, we had a wonderful experience here and will definitely be frequent customers!
3	You go through the line like Chipotle or Subway and pick your ingredients.  Some of the items weren't really fresh.  Falafel was room temperature.  Other items were cold, so basically I had a cold falafel pita sandwich thing.  It shouldn't be a cold sandwich.
1	I went their last night for dinner after reading the review here on Yelp.  They mailed a "buy on; get one free" coupon to my house which how I learned about them.  I was really looking forward to it because there aren't any Gyro places in my area.  My friend is from Turkey and loves Gyro.  They offered us a free Falafel tasting while we were standing in line to order.  I'd read an unfavorable rating about their Falafel so was looking forward to trying it for myself.  We both agreed it was dry, overcooked and tasteless; actually terrible.  With that we decided we'd both order a standard Gyro sandwich.  It was the worst Gyro either of us ever had.  They have a nice concept of healthy ingredients but unfortunately they don't have their recipe right.  It was tasteless and for us worse, a bad taste.  We frequent Mediterranean, Middle East and Israeli restaurants frequently and have both traveled the world extensively.  We understand they make their own pita, it was OK but not pita as we know it.  We didn't like the sauce.  Their gyro at least wasn't the standard prepackage frozen gyro we've received at many places here in the valley.  It was our last time their.  With this introduction, we wouldn't even risk a second visit.BTW, there staff and service were wonderful.  However when my friend began asking question it was obvious they didn't have any knowledge about "true" Mediterranean food.This is more of a fast food American version of a tasteless "American" version.  I was disappointed because it's conveniently located near my house.  We came home and made Turkish coffee just to get the bad taste out of our mouths.
4	Love your restaurant but please get rid of the cheap sriracha sauce from china. I won't eat anything from china. Use the real red rooster sriracha sauce please. Anything else is cheap looking and it doesn't match your restaurant.
5	I love this place! The food is amazing and the staff is so friendly that I love going here to eat. My friend and I went here for lunch. We eat completely different diets, but were both able to have a delicious, healthy and inexpensive lunch. I chose the plate lunch with grilled portobello mushrooms. Excellent! I thought the falafal with the cilantro sauce was delicious!  I didn't have the pita so I can't comment on it. The staff was friendly, smiling the whole time and patient while I perused the variety of options.Close to work, I'll definitely be back.
5	Best falafel and hummus in Phoenix. Fast clean and yummy. Definitely a repeat offender. Cactus location seems a little better run than Desert Ridge but both are delicious. It's definitely a great choice for vegetarian like me.
4	Tasty fast food with options for Vegetarians and Vegans. Just moved to the Paradise Valley area and this is hands down my favorite place for a healthier quick meal option. They are not stingy with the portions and I always leave slightly stuffed. So far I've had the build your own plate which I could barely finish and today the gyro. Both chock full of flavorful goodness.Bonus: my to-go bag read: "Live Bait" which is funnier than they know because there are some unscrupulous people at my office who like to steal other people's food. Way to throw 'em off the scent, Garbanzo.Hope you guys are here to stay...
1	Staff was great, food not so much, everything tasted off. The worst gyro meat I had in my life.
4	Lemongrass ginger green tea is fabulous!  I got a plate with a little bit of everything!  The vegetable salad and hummus were particularly delicious. Very friendly service from Jon! I'll be back!
3	This place is basically a Greek Chipotle. It's new. It's clean. It's fast. It's reasonably priced. It's fresh. The food is....okay. If you want a quick lunch and prefer something better than a fast food yuck burger then this place is a great option. If your wanting flavorful, authentic Mediterranean food this isn't it.
4	Fabulous find. We were leaving Macy's and I asked "where do you want to go for lunch?"  We remembered there was a Habit Burger across the street, so off we went.So here we are walking past Garbanzo. It was very dark inside with their tinted windows and the signs on the window said "Space Available." So I thought "Wow" that was fast, didn't they just open?  Well, another Phoenix business has closed. We get to Habit and the line is out onto the sidewalk. D'oh!  But just then, someone leaves Garbanzo and the lights inside tell a different story. Yes, they're open.  It turns out the sign "Space Available", was for another store.  So the heck with burgers, let's eat Greek/Middle Eastern.  Sorry Habit!Garbanzo Mediterranean Grill is like the Chipotle's for the Gryos and hummus crowd. It's actually more of a fast food version of Pita Jungle. The food is really good and fresh!  Lunch ran us under $20  and we left very impressed. Enjoy!
5	The guys behind the counter are very helpful and spent plenty of time explaining how to order. They are generous with portions, the hunks of chicken on the kabobs are huge and there are so many vegetarian options as well. The falafel and hummus was delicious as we're the sauces. And it's healthy!!!
3	This place is a Greek fast-food, chain restaurant. I wasn't overly impressed. I had the gyro which could have used a second dose of gyro meat, although the veggies were fresh. The falafel was over cooked. The restaurant was completely empty on a Monday at lunch time, sad. We had such high hopes too. I will go to Saba's or My Big Fat Greek for my gyros from now on.
4	You had me when I was offered to try a falafel when I walked in.So you may know I am a falfel junkie, and this place is not helping. They have falfel, and other items like chicken and beef but veg me just gets the flafel.The next choice is the format, Plate, Pita or wrap. The plate is by far the best value and great if you have a problem deciding. You get to pick what "salads" you  want Hummus, babaganush, cucumber tomato, cabbage and more, just get them all. Then sauces Tahnini spicy scug get them on the side. and don't forget that comes with a pita.One key is to get the falafel fresh, you want it stright from the fryer and not sitting in the line for 20-30 min as it looses the crunch.
2	I really was not so impressed with this "Mediterranean" restaurant. Yes, it had hummus. Yes, it had dolmades. Yes, it had gyro. But it was the most inauthentic tasting Mediterranean food I've had. I got the chicken pita and it was incredibly plain; no seasonings or anything. We were offered a sample of the falafel which was a mistake because it was fried waaay too long. Not a good impression. The dolmades were decent, but not worth saving this place.
2	This is not the place to go for Mediterranean food..The gyros were awful. The hummus was so disgusting. The person in front of me ordered one of their chicken plates... They put the chicken on the grill for less then two mins.. Which means it had to be precooked.. And they pull out a cold pita out of a container bin. I can say I am not impressed with the quality it can't even be compared to a chipotle.. It's that awful...
2	I went there with a friend of mine who had a Groupon , it was a good deal. He had the greek salad w/Gyro meat, I choose the plate so I could try a little of everything. The falafel was okay, pre cooked and sitting for a little bit served cool, not a lot of spices but okay. The hummus was okay not very good but edible, again fell flat on flavor. The baba ganoush was the worst I have ever had, took one bite and it definitely was not fresh and tasted terrible. The Tabbouleh was okay and was much better than the hummus or the baba ganoush. The rice was good but again on the cold side. I prefer my food to be a little fresher, everything tasted like it had been sitting awhile and store-bought. My friend had the Greek Salad with the Gyro meat, the Gyro meat appeared to be from a package and thrown on the rill for about 2 to 3 mins. very thing, looked like processed food. he got maybe 2 slices, it was okay. nothing special. Granted it was fast food, every that being said it is still expensive for a fast food joint with the quality of food not there and cold pitas out of the box. Staff was nice. I probably would not go there again as I much rather go to other places like Pita Jungle at Happy hour and get better quality of food for about the same price. There is also a place in phoenix off of 7th street that makes their own falafel and it is fantastic, nice spices and fresh for about the same price. You did get a lot for your money but again I would prefer quality over quantity.
1	The food is garbage - fast food Mediterranean at best. This place thinks its the Mediterranean Chipotle but doesn't come close to executing and the food quality isn't good at all.The food quality is poor on both quality and taste. If you're expecting all white meat chicken, you'' be disappointed. And fresh pitas? Nope, pulled straight out of a packaged bag right in front of you.There are definitely better alternatives available and there is no way I'll be going back to this place.  Very disappointing.
1	Went to the Desert Ridge location.They have the frozen slices of gyros that they throw on the grill, not the 'real' gyros on a spit. Why bother? So I had the steak gyros... bad decision. Very tough, barely edible. Wife had the chicken gyros, said it was pretty bad, tasted frozen. My first and last time eating here.
5	Really great 'fast' food - healthy and quick but everything was just SO flavorful! I got a veggie wrap and the flavors of everything worked so well - hummus, pickles, cabbage, rice, lettuce - the tahini dressing was amazing and the Greek vinaigrette finished it off nicely! I almost went back for another one! My husband got the steak wrap with hummus, lettuce, tabbouleh, tzatziki, and rice and he said he was really good as well. We also got the season chips which were great as well. This place is basically a Mediterranean Chipotle
3	Place was nice and clean.  Large family order in front of us from group so it was a wait for us to move through the line. Employees were not that polite as maybe they were training. I had the steak gyro which ended up being cold and chewy, but overall ok taste.  My guest had one chicken and one steak kabob which they thought tasted good. For the overall experience, it was just like other gyro places at the same price point.If I had to make a choice, I would pick the non chain gryo place where I get more quantity and better quality in my opinon.  For a family outing with kids with the kids menu this would be a great choice.
