4	Yummy Ceasar Salad, the croutons were crispy and rich. A little heavy on the meat items... I know, I know, it's an Italian restaurant but they could still have a couple extra options available (they are currently running on a limited menu to start but they WILL have more soon). The server was very friendly and I am looking forward to seeing this place blossom. It was pretty good for an opening day :)
2	Great views and atmoshphere.  Friendly service and a casual setting. Opening days are always exciting and starting with a limited menu was a great idea. Giving them time to work out the kinks and improve in areas they find that need it. I was dissapointed in the bread and olive oil. The bread had the grill marks on it but it came out cold and with a burnt taste.The olive oil was tasteless with no Italian Spices in it.The pizza crust was also tasteless but the sausage was wonderful. They say they make their own sausage and it is delicious.I am sure they are working on their recipes. The salads looked amazing and I will definitly be back with my husband and family. I will give them some time and come back and try their signature Mac and cheese! It wasn't on the menu today. That is what we wanted to order. We will be back and look forward to many family dinners on their patio. Good luck!
4	Isabella's Kitchen gets 5 stars for atmosphere . . . Just love this place based on our first lunch there. The building sits right on the Grayhawk golf course with expansive views of the mountains, and at night, they say you can see the lights of the city. There are plenty of places to hang your hat even if you're not dining at one of the indoor tables -- there are large outdoor couches, rocking chairs, fire pit like seating, outdoor tables, and lights strung from the building. Isabella's is surely going to be a very popular hangout as well as dining spot throughout the year. Our server Christopher was so attentive . . . and he was very sincere about making sure that everything was to our liking. He was very knowledgeable for the place having just opened only a few days ago, and when he didn't have the answers to questions like "is your patio dog friendly?" he went to ask his manager. By the way, it is unfortunately not dog friendly, but I get it, since it abuts the golf course. They had many available options on their limited opening menu, more than than some restaurants have on their regular menu . . . but, the regular menu starts tomorrow (October 15th) so no worries. Honestly, having seen the full menu, I probably would have picked the options we had anyway. The mac and cheese is dreamy. The noodles are almost the consistency of gnocchi and very tasty with the accompanying small cubed ham, creamy cheese and crispy bread crumbs. This was one of the best mac and cheese dishes I have had in a long time . . . It was the perfect size to share. If not for the calories, I could have had this as my main course and been full, fat and happy.  Hubby had the meatball sandwich which was a nice size for lunch. I had the eggplant Parmesan sandwich which came on foccacia bread. The layered eggplant was tasty but it could have been a tad bit warmer and had a little more sauce and cheese. Both sandwiches came with a choice of house salad or potatoes, and we both opted for the potatoes. They were just amazingly delicious . . . like a deep fried potato chip . . . very crispy on the outside with the real potato texture inside. Delicious!We will definitely be back to check out some of the other items that we saw other diners enjoying, like the bruschetta, pizza, and pasta. This is a fun place with a big personality. Mangia! Mangia! Buon Appetito!
5	AMAZING......food, ambience, service!!!!!!!We have finally found our favorite place in Scootsdale/Phoenix!
3	Isabella's Kitchen has the potential to become an outstanding North Scottsdale restaurant.  I was there this evening and thought the atmosphere was superb, the wine was reasonably priced as were the drinks of friends.  The food was very good, although the theme around the table was that the sauces were good, there wasn't a kick to any of them.  I had the pork and fettuccine, vegetable lasagna, meat lasagna and fettuccine with clams were the other dinners at our table.  Everyone agreed the portions sizes were perfect, but the lack of "superior" taste in all the dishes was lacking.  I kept stirring my dish expecting to get a taste of something special although the meat was tender and noodles were cooked perfectly.  The service was very good but bread was not delivered until our entrees were served and we had to ask for it.  It was tasty and served with oil, but no plates were offered for the bread so we didn't have a place for the oil to be dipped.  All in all, I think Isabella's will be a wonderful addition to the neighborhood, only being open a week I hope they work out some kinks.
5	A brand new place in Scottsdale. I enjoyed coming here in my marathon tour of the city on a Saturday night, there was great live country music outside. Really cute place with good service, just came for drinks not for the food. LOVE all the beautiful rocking chair seating at the patio tables, though I don't know how long they will last for. Great place to bring a date for the ambiance, and not too pricey.There's also another pretty little patio nook area to get away to, but one of the lights was out so it was too dark. Turns out it was some famous stargazing night (overcast unfortunately) so maybe they actually made it dark on purpose.
2	A friend told me to check this place out so i popped in for a look.  Bar was packed, standing room only so i stood and waited for a bartender to acknowledge me which was about 15 minutes. Ordered a glass of cab $12....very ScottsdaleI stalked the bar for an open seat so i could order some food, another 20 minutes.I went simple and got the Margarita pizza, all dough no cheese and no sauce. Two more glasses of wine was my real dinner.Not a great first impression but very cool layout and they just opened so I'll give them another try
5	Just had drinks today but the food looked very good and the location is great. Very nice views.
5	Wow what a phenomenal place. We had the White Vegetable Lasagna and it was evident the pasta was handmade it was fantastic. The Prosciutto Arugula and Date Pizza was also delicious. The combination of the sweet date and prosciutto was to die for. The crust is the best I've ever had. The atmosphere is impossible to beat they have it all. It over looks a golf course with a small lake and water fall off to one side, fire pits and couches create a border on the far end of the patio. Off to the east the McDowell Mountains look beautiful and if you look to the south you can see all the way to Camelback Mountain. After our meal we walked up to the Roof Top wow what a view from up there. We just didn't want to leave so we relaxed in a couple rocking chairs that they have placed throughout the patio and enjoyed the fire pits and city light views. We will be back night after night. Unbelievable experience!
5	What a great place! The food is incredible and you truly can't beat the atmosphere. The patio is the most comfortable patio in Scottsdale. Soft seating, fire pits, rocking chairs, city lights and mountain views. Keep up the good work! We will be back!
4	I gave them a 4 star for these reasons:great view----ambience great----friendly----seating choices very nice----outdoor areas are sweet--pizza and salads goodNow here is where they need to change---sandwiches subpar, pasta is so,so---presentation minimal.If they changed the above---I would give them a 5.
1	Gave this place a month of being open before I popped in. Doesn't appear they have anything organized yet. The wait was way too long for being almost empty, I've given them 2 chances now. Second time, was packed which duplicated the response time of staff who hardly acknowledged anyone in my family. Over-priced food was - okay at best, server seemed eager to go on break and didn't check in. Go here for the view, and, skip food, drinks or anyone working there all together. Disappointed.
3	Stopped in after work for a quick drink and bit.When I arrived, 4:30pm, the place was empty, but by 5:30 it was easily half full.  The don't take reservations so come early to avoid the lines.Not sure why everyone is standing in line though.  When I was the only one at the bar, the bartender was friendly and accommodating, but as soon as a few others showed up it became more and more rare to have her stop by.I did order food, which I thought was so-so (potato on a pizza).  She said it was some type of specialty but I thought it was underseasoned and lacked any real flavor.They have a small choice of beers, but did have a couple that I liked.All in all it, hopefully, is a work in progress and will improve.  It is a beautiful restaurant on a beautiful property with a great outside patio area, just improve the food and service.
1	The place is beautiful and well thought out.  It's too bad the menu sucks.  The drinks are a measured shot.  Had the poorest vodka on the rocks in the valley.  A measured shot for $11.00.? VERY limited menu items that included three sandwiches...four pasta dishes...and a few different salads.  Each item was more of an appetizer than a meal.  The pasta serving was the equivalent of a side order elsewhere.  The pizza's were more of a starter and NOT a meal.For as sharp as the Grayhawk people seem to be...they have totally blown Isabella's for me.  WILL NEVER GO BACK due to EXPENSE and variety.One salad.One pizza that had little toppingTwo vodka'sone sangriaone beertwo pasta dishes (that were minuscule)$107.00.What a screwing.  Left and grabbed a Jack in the Box burger.There are so many GREAT places to eat, I fear I pissed away a dinner on their slop.Pass Pass Pass
1	Save your time and money and skip eating here. A limited menu, with small portions of bland food. However, the outside area is nice for drinks, with fire pits & comfortable lounges.
5	I don't understand how this place is getting such bad reviews-  It's the jam. The pizza and pastas are delicious, and they've gradually added more options to the menu. Keep in mind, Isabella's opened one month ago.. So chill out, ya whiners! The ambiance is completely unique to anything in the area- the view ALONE should grant this restaurant 3 stars. If you're looking for a thoughtful Italian meal, with fresh, local ingredients, and a fun vibe- check out Isabella's Kitchen.
1	stopped there today for lunch. I ordered the spinach salad with grilled chicken and my husband ordered the shrimp in white wine sauce pasta.  My husbands pasta was OK $18 and nothing to come back for.  My salad was horrible.  It was supposed to have a buttermilk dressing, the "dressing" tasted like plain oil (yuck) the bacon was hard enough to break a tooth but at least added some taste to the dish. The chicken was dried up and tasted like it had sat around for a week (yuck). No bread ever offered and the iced tea was small and they were stingy on refills, brought ice instead.  We definitely will not return ($50 with tip and a total waste of calories), so many better places to eat!
1	Went there with another couple and was quite frankly embarrassed by how bad this place is. Lousy food and service. They brought out bread with no plates. They served me terrible tomato soup and forgot to bring a spoon. Nice location, stylish bar. Just don't go there for the food.
2	This is our second visit here. Our first visit went okay, the service was mediocre but we did find the pizza to be good so that led is to come back a second time. The second visit was an entirely different story.  First it took about 20 mins before we had a server to even put a drink order in. That server advised us she was there to get drinks and would sort out who our server was. This after we had to advise another server that we hadn't received any service.  Our drinks showed up promptly along with our apologetic server. We put our order in and it took about 30 mins to get the food. Our server did check back with us shortly after that but then we didn't see her again for about 30 mins. I ordered the Hamwich and it would've been pretty good if it was served warm & toasted but it came out like any other cold cut sandwich and that was very disappointing.  Meanwhile the pizza we ordered showed up after the other items and it was not our pizza. After this a manager came to visit us and apologized for all that had gone wrong, he did buy our drinks and offer us their friends and family discount along with another pizza made to order to take home. While in the end they made things right we won't be back to this place due to the inconsistency. Such a shame because the building itself is fabulous and has the potential  to be a really great place.
1	Pass! This Place Sucks!Terrible service, burned pizza, tiny portions...I literally had the worst service ever by a kid named Cody. Go back to your other job, dude, watiing on tables is not your calling. Forgot drink orders, forgot food orders, just miserable all the way around. Manager was nowhere in site. And the food isn't very good. Just okay. Lots of other places to go.
4	Love this place for the cool views, great atmosphere and awesome handmade pasta dishes. I don't look at this place as a destination location but I did enjoy all my visits thus far. I live in the grey hawk community so it is very convenient for me. Walking distance. The only knock I have can be the service. Some staff is simply inexperienced or in need of better training. I go and sit at the bar or in the fire pit couches. The Racer IPA is my new favorite brew. And the Mac n cheese is stupid good.
3	The setting of the restaurant is absolutely stunning. Isabella's Kitchen is a large yellow building overlooking one of the Grayhawk golf courses.I went there mid-afternoon as a solo diner and sat the bar. The server, whose name I forgot was very warm and welcoming. I ordered the crispy chicken sandwich which came served on a hoagie roll and a side salad. For ten dollars I expected to be wowed but unfortunately wasn't. The balsamic vinaigrette for the salad was not very good and the chicken was very dry and lacking flavor.I understand how Isabella's can appeal to golfers who are looking for a restaurant with a nice ambiance to grab a bite to eat. However, my first impression was lackluster in terms of the food.From its looks, the restaurant must have cost a fortune to build. I feel as though the menu needs a little work in terms of improving its selection and quality if the restaurant is to enjoy long term success.
3	Love the Crispy Chicken Sandwich - Lightly breaded chicken, cabbage slaw, lemon aioli, hoagie. Very tender and juicy. I ordered the side of red-skinned potato fries. Next time, I'll ask for more of the cole slaw on the sandwich. The pizza is pretty good and their daily specials are usually pretty damn good too! Bella's Mac (house-made shells, cheddar, ham and breadcrumbs) served piping hot is a meal all by itself...okay maybe with a salad. Its so rich and delish! Izzy's just opened a few months ago and now its snowbird season...and Grayhawk is snowbird neighborhood...so people please...stop complaining about the wait. EXPECT it to be crazy busy until Spring. Otherwise, its a great neighborhood spot. Love it.
1	Would give zero stars if I could.  Worst food I've ever had and the most over priced menu I've seen.  Here is what we ordered:meat lasgna $16 - No cheese, two noodles folded in half, over salted processed meatCeaser Salad $10 - MOST DISSAPPOINTING, chopped romaine, small amount shaved parm, 10 costco croutons, blah dressingThe portions are extremely small which would be accpetable if the ingredients were top quality.  Truffle sauce, organic greens, quail egg, local heirloom produce, maybe even a couple olives....not goona find them here!  I honestly believe most of the ingredients came from costco and the food is marked up 20X.  If you enjoy getting totally ripped off and served food that worse than bad than this is the place.  We will see how long this "restaurant" can last by insulting it patrons.STAY AWAY, YOU'VE BEEN WARNED
3	I'm torn. The atmosphere was absolutely fabulous- as was the flavor of Bella's Mac, until I found a stringy piece of plastic in it... My meal was comped but I hate to say I will have a tough time trying it again. And our waitress was snooty- she must be confused on the requirements for a job in the service industry?
2	The waitress was great! The space was interesting!  The food was practicably inedible. Probably the worst pizza I've had in ages and thePastas for the most part don't have a red sauce.  The one we had  we had between the two of us could barely make a dent in it.  I would say this would be a alternative to taking kids to Micky D's.  the pricing structure doesn't make sense.  Cheap pastas, expensive beers, wines and salads?  Who am I to say?  Try it.  Good luck.
2	Her Royal Highness wanted to stop for adult bevies as she had been there before and I had not. Pretty cool vibe and generally speaking, a good atmosphere ...The problem was the less than sterling service. I'm pretty sure that when you have to stand up and wave your arms to get the attention of the staff that seemed more interested in each other, than their customers, that you've got a serious problem.I liked the outdoor seating but the snooty staff was enough of a turn off that I probably won't go back.
4	Recently spent an evening with my wife & some friends at Isabella's Kitchen in Scottsdale's Grayhawk area. I'd never been before & Google mapped it before we went. It told us it was in Grayhawk's clubhouse - not so - It's directly across the street! Once we got there we sat outside on the expansive patio. They've got a view-deck too! The food was amazing, the pours were generous and we didn't want to leave. Next time we'll bring the kids, because they can actually run around outside!
1	I've eaten at Isabella's twice - once for lunch and once for dinner.  Both have been horrible.  The Service:On our first visit, the service was fine.  On our second, however, the service was downright strange.  Our waitress threatened, jokingly(?), to punch one of us in the face if we dropped our napkin again.  She subsequently stated that she "spit on the fish" when she served it to one of the members of our party, but quickly stated she was joking.  In addition to the above, she insisted on calling my wife "girl" as if they were lifelong friends (they weren't).The Food:In a word - HORRIBLE.  On my first visit, we went for lunch and I ordered a tuna sandwich.  The waitress indicated that it was "Italian style" brown tuna.  I've had tuna like that before and was looking forward to it.  Boy was I disappointed.  The tuna was under-seasonsed, overly salted, and down right disgusting.  It wasn't suitable for animal, let alone human consumption.I would not have returned based on the tuna alone, but was convinced by my wife to give it a second chance for dinner.  Big mistake.  For dinner I ordered the lasagna, but  it was horrendous.  The "chef" had taken an under-seasoned tomato meat sauce and thrown it in between several over-cooked lasagna noodles.  The tasteless "meat" in the meat sauce was over-cooked as well, included a piece of gristle (or worse) in each bite.  Desert was equally disappointing.In summary - do not eat at this restaurant.  Ever.  You will regret it.
5	Been here twice now; the first time, was pleasantly surprised that they had live entertainment on a Sunday afternoon. The ambiance reminds me of an upscale beach bar/restaurant sans the beach (well, there's sand if you count the sandtraps you see on the adjacent Grayhawk golf course!) Food was delicious, and service decent. Several seating areas to choose from. Outdoor firepit areas are great for larger parties. Planning to return for a birthday celebration soon.Oh, and the best part? Rocking chairs!! Yessss!  :)
2	Ambiance was nice. Food was delivered swift which initially I thought was great. However, it proved to be under prepared and hardly mediocre.I will give it one more try.
3	This is a neighborhood joint in Grayhawk which has a nice ambiance. However the food and service could really use an upgrade. This was my first trip here, and perhaps a Monday night didn't have the best and brightest working. I'll give it a second try.
1	Went to Isabekka's tonight. Got poor service and excuse of "communication error" as to who was our server. Not acceptable.
5	Our favorite restaurant in PHX or Scottsdale...  Order the cheese board as an appetizer, then you have to try the spaghetti and meatballs.  Phenomenal atmosphere, great live music and "the place" to take any out of town guest.
3	My friend recently celebrated her birthday here with a group of 20. It's located right on the Grawhawk Country Club. Fair is more like it then A-OK.  Just wasn't that impressed with the food and service. I ordered the kale salad and for a few dollars you can add chicken,which I did. My salad came out minus the chicken. Where's the chicken? They took it back and returned with alas the chicken which was ice cold. I sent it back, again- how about we start over with a fresh salad? Gee? Now I rarely, rarely send stuff back!! By this time everyone else was done eating and waiting for their checks. I ended up asking to take mine home which I ate later and really didn't like it.Maybe I need to go back and try something else, but the atmosphere and everything, just didn't have a good vibe.
2	Hohum food. Nothing special here except the view. Great spot for drinks and snacks. Patio seating during cool months.# server actually warning me *against* what I asked for. Thanks a lot, but it's not a good sign. new chef needed?# sharp scampi drowning in wine. Blechy sauce reminds me of cheap gloppy Chinese lobster sauce. shrimps bouncy, approaching rubbery.# Chicken Caesar blabla nothing special at all# pasta served cool. Sauce greasy and not fresh. I can have cold-food-leftovers-style at home, GODDAMIT!# meatball sandwich uninspired, hohum.Service was attentive despite other reviews here, but the pace was empty.Even the manager seems unconvinced about the ability of the kitchen to execute.Great view of the golf course and surrounding area.Just wish the food packed the same wow factor.Meh.
2	Unfortunately I have to join in and not give this place much credit like the other reviewers.  Wish I could though b/c it's got a great set up.  Love the open airiness about it and all the great sitting places.  B/t that and the waiter, that's the only thing I liked about here.My cousin saw this place since he lives nearby so he wanted to check it out.  I got the peasant pasta b/c they say their pasta is handmade.  The dish had great flavor (marinara sauce with italian bacon and breadcrumbs) but the pasta was horrible.  First off, it was a bucatini pasta which is a thick spaghetti with a hollow hole in it.  Well when I got the pasta, it wasn't al dente at all.  It was hard and raw.  I bit into several pieces and could feel a hardness and saw whiteness - like raw dough.  The waiter was great and got me another one.  This was better but I still found raw, hard pieces in it.  Too hungry to send it back again.  After this it dawned on me - hey, if it was "handmade" why was it HARD?  I've made fresh pasta and well, raw I can understand.  Hard - huh?  That would only be if the pasta was dried.  Hmmm...a bit misleading.  When i think handmade, I think fresh.  I think this pasta was made by hand but maybe they make it in large batches ahead of time and dry it out to use later?  My cousin got the lasagna - meat with white sauce.  The waiter said the white sauce isn't like your typical thick alfredo sauce.  It did look lighter than that.  But cousin says they could have added more noodles.  Too much meat for him.  Maybe it's worth another try but seeing as how the other reviews aren't good either, I'd rather go to Andreoli's Grocer.  Now that's a truly AUTHENTIC italian place.
3	After a day of disappointing golf at Grayhawk, we capped it off at Isabella's Kitchen, which is across the street from the golf course clubhouse.  A friend of mine highly recommended this place, so I was excited to finally give it a try.  I ordered:Racer 5 IPA, $6http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/isabellas-kitchen-scottsdale?select=Jvt8bpmR964stNcC3gV3cg#Jvt8bpmR964stNcC3gV3cgAnchor Steam, $6http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/isabellas-kitchen-scottsdale?select=WiRprsEABqMxLtgwPohFOQ#WiRprsEABqMxLtgwPohFOQPepperoni & Sausage Pizza, $12http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/isabellas-kitchen-scottsdale?select=H2BGJHa1Tgb2-oh0WmVLdA#H2BGJHa1Tgb2-oh0WmVLdAThe Pizza was good....fresh ingredients and just the right amounts of Sauce, Cheese, and Toppings.  It made for a nice meal after a day of golf in the hot sun.  I'm impressed by their selection of Craft Beer and the Racer 5 IPA went down smooth.  The service was average....had to waive down our server a few times.Return Factor - 70%
4	Great atmosphere, great views, and GREAT for eating out with kids. We are able to bring our 4 and 2 year olds to play on the grass while we eat out in the patio.
3	3.5 starGreat neighborhood bar for a casual get-together. The food is ok and this trip we had great service. Good, clean spot to down a beer or two and roll on.
1	Her Royal Highness asked me to give this dump another try and how could I say no? I've been told several times that the general food isn't very good bu that their pizza was pretty good, so we thought, why not?I was wrong.The pizza was ho hum at best and probably wouldn't stand up against Little Caesar's $5 hot and ready pizza, which I wouldn't feed to a homeless dude.Better yet is that this dump still hasn't figured out that they are in a service industry and that their customers need to be serviced. The ample staff twittered away their time, looked bored and as usual, we had to ask the bar tender to get us a drink.Rule # 1, when a customer attempts to throw money at you, don't duck!!Personally, I would recommend you skip this place (along with the 40,000 flies that were there) altogether and seek out another place to spend your money.We won't be back!
1	Second chance, bad service, over and undercooked pizza and appetizers. Cops randomly showed up for whatever reason? How is this place open still?
4	Great place to enjoy happy hour...amazing views, relaxing environment, friendly staff and great drink selection.  I could get used to frequenting this place!
3	First time I went I loved it and was really impressed- each time I have gone back its gotten worse and it bums me out! The only thing that is still amazing is the Bella's Mac and cheese!It has such a great view and atmosphere, especially when the weather cools off and you can sit on the patio. They have live music on Sundays which is nice too. To sum it up- it's a place to go hang out for some wine but its hit or miss with the food and service.
3	I've been here several times and the main attraction is the outdoor seating. It is on a golf course with beautiful views. The menu is not very appealing but whatever I finally settle on I always end up liking well enough. Still, before deciding to go we always wonder what will we actually be able to order? But then we go because of the patio and view. Our servers have always been friendly and accommodating.
3	Brought my husband to Isabella's last night for his birthday. It was our first time there. For a Sunday evening it was busy and we had a 25 minute wait to be seated at a table. We sat at the bar until our table was ready and if it weren't for the two young girls sitting next to us, we might have received better service from the young, male bartender. Specialty drinks were too pricey. I tried the Skinny Martini and it was good. My husband tried the Moskow Mule, which was too gingery for our liking. For dinner I ordered Deb's Pasta and my husband ordered the filet. My pasta was so so and nothing spectacular. However, I did like that they didn't skimp on the chicken pieces. My husband's filet was okay, but lacked in flavor and small for the price (6oz for $32) and the side of potatoes were over cooked. Not overly impressed with our entrees. We also ordered a bottle of Merlot and the waitress poured our wine into regular water glasses. "Weird" Especially when everyone around us who had wine also had wine glasses. We asked for wine glasses shortly after. I'm giving Isabella's 3 stars primarily for the view and environment. I liked the outside seating and openness. I'm sure our experience and food would be better if we just had some beer and pizza.  I'm willing to give it another go.
2	Another horrible experience, I'm providing 2 stars instead of 1 only due to the fact that I didn't hate the food. Food wasn't -- good, but it wasn't horrible either? Overpriced, rude staff, very stuck up. It appears that this place is staying open by default and location. Steer clear, make the drive further south to North. Better food, better parking, less attitude..
2	This restaurant is so predictable it's deflating. I might put myself to sleep writing this. I'd like to write a thorough, in depth, review but honestly I just can't bring myself to put aside that much of my time for this place. Let me start by saying I've lived in No. Scottsdale for 15 years. Seen it all. If you enjoy a bar that caters to the elite and the 'who do you know' crowd this is the place for you. The staff and food is as shallow as their attempt at making pizza, which, unfortunately, is what I ate for  dinner.  Sauce-no taste, nothing stood out on my sausage and onion pizza. Go to Lamp Pizza at Pinnacle Peak and Pima. They know what they're doing. That's all I got. Nice atmosphere no soul at Isabella's :P
4	The best thing about Isabella's by far is the beautiful atmosphere as there is plenty of outdoor seating facing out into the gorgeous golf course. We were able to sit on one of the couches on the patio with a fire pit - highly recommend! Our server was super-friendly and was extremely accommodating to my gluten-free diet. While they do not have a separate gluten-free menu, he went back and verified with the chef what substitutions they could make to get me a GF meal. I was able to enjoy the Green Beans as an appetizer and the Kale salad.The green beans were AMAZING - and the kale salad was really tasty and fresh as well with grapefruit and orange, roasted almonds and vinaigrette. They were able to add some grilled chicken to give it more substance too. The salad portion was HUGE - I kept eating it for over an hour and yet still barely made a dent.They have a rooftop which looks pretty neat - would love to return here at night & see the stars & Phoenix lights.
3	Great bar and beautiful setting.  Great views of the golf course.  Mediocre Italian food at higher-than-mediocre prices (I think you pay a premium for the setting).  Service is slow.  My advice... Go for drinks and apps at the bar but find another place for dinner.
5	Great place.
4	Fifth time there, and can say that they are getting much better.  Perfect setting and views of the golf course, and attentive and friendly servers.  Actually was there twice this week, once for dinner and once for lunch.  Pizza has changed since their opening, and now it is pretty incredible.  Both experiences this week were excellent, and awesome place for casual dinner with pasta, pizza and wine.  Will be back, and while not much was really wrong before, for some reason everything just seemed better.
1	Beautiful location and very nice atmosphere inside and out.  Great patio.  Our server was knowledgeable, attentive, friendly.Food was not good, however. The flavor (or lack thereof), in the short rib pasta was disappointing.  Even more disappointing was the sausage and peppers.  Yuck!  The sausage was so dried out it had no flavor other than hot/spicy.  The server didn't ask why I barely touched it.We did have the meat and cheese board.  It was okay, but pricey for what we received.It was an elitist crowd, but had the food been great, it would have made sense.
1	Great view, horribly located next to houses where I can imagine the screaming drunks at the table next to us didn't enjoy. Food was sub-par, wrong compared to what was ordered and the staff didn't seem to care much about anything other Than Facebook or twitter on their smartphones. This should be a high class place, it's not. I think the only reason it's open is so locals can get hammered somewhere close to home and not get a DUI on the way home since while leaving literally every person exiting the parking lot is predominantly and obviously under the influence considering the belligerent attitudes and curb hopping as they drive away lights off or skimming bushes as they attempt to see where they are going. I think this place is confused on identity, not much of a direction with the menu, and the trash being taken out next to my car? Cool... Not so much. I expected my third visit maybe they could've finally figured out how to do this. My opinion, go down the street to Grimaldi's or Juan Jaime's which both have great service, great patios and amazing food. If you're here for a game of golf, save yourself the hassle of thinking it's easy to grab a drink or some dinner here and head down the street for real service and food. This is also, the second time we've been here as a family and had the police show up because apparently the restaurant was built too close to homes and neighbors call to complain... Poor planning on the restaurant and cities part, and it's sad for the people that have to live next door, this isn't a quiet place. I review honestly and like to give every poor performer a few chances before judging completely. This was my last chance and you better believe everyone I know around town is starting to agree. I would like to see this turn into a coffee shop instead. Or just close down so Thompson peak traffic doesn't back up!
3	Isabella's does NOT feature a happy hour. What they do have in its absence is ambiance and unparalleled scenery from the patio seating overlooking Grayhawk's Talon course.The appetizers were tasty and plentiful.We had a meat and cheese plate and some olives. With two glasses of wine, a cocktail and a beer, the bill was sixty bucks.It would be at least half that anywhere else featuring a happy hour.A decent buzz was was going to cost a fortune, so we called it an early night, went home and watched some really fucked-up chick movie. Not going back anytime soon.I left Isabella's hungry and pissed-off.I don't know which was worse. Isabella's or Amanda Seyfried's bad acting.Jury's still out.
2	Dear Isabella,Your restaurant is beautiful. Your bar is magnificent. The views across the desert golf course landscape are incredible. I could sit there all day.But...Why would you choose to staff your hostess area with a crew of poorly trained, unfriendly and seemingly uncaring people? Isn't that like the first rule of any customer service oriented business? Create a warm and welcoming first impression? Our rather bored hostess walked us to a table only after we asked nicely after perusing the menu (obviously, we were new to the restaurant). Perhaps my non-designer jeans and clunky Croc flip-flops were distasteful to her but I could have been a millionaire for all she knew. Don't all patrons deserve a smile and a friendly welcome? Even those with a serious style deficit? I enjoyed your Cool Collins cocktail but for $9.50 on a Friday evening at 5 p.m. (ever heard of happy hour?), I expected more. The pizza ... meh.I wish you well Isabella. I wanted to like you.
4	Last night was our first time at Isabella's.  When friends suggested we go there, we right away got online to check out the yelp reviews.  Based on comments, we had low expectations.But WOW were we blown away! From the moment we entered the door, the hostesses were extremely friendly.  The place was jam packed with people, so the energy was great. We sat inside and our server, Thad, was amazing. Super friendly, always smiling, and very attentive. To top it off, the food was tasty! Based on a previous review, we ordered the kale salad with chicken (and they loaded on the chicken!), and a pizza. We will most certainly be back!!If your looking for a fun lively atmosphere, with great energy, good service, good food and an amazing setting- don't pass up Isabella's.  Especially idea for out of town guests or clients.
3	Isabella's is a beautiful neighborhood restaurant and bar, they have a wonderful open dining area that really let's you enjoy the beautiful views and the sunny Arizona weather. I came for lunch and sat at the bar, I had a lovely glass of wine and my sausage and peppers sandwich was yummy! Service was fantastic and my dining companions pizza looks super spectacular! Prices weren't astronomical and it's def on my list of places to check out for dinner and I will for sure be back just to have a cocktail, app and sit on their patio!
4	Really nice food. Great, resorty-golf atmosphere. Comfy tables right near golf course and range. Staff is super tolerant of children and that makes it a great local dinner spot for families.  Beautiful city lights and mountain views make you feel like you're on vacation for a couple of hours. Also a good happy hour or working lunch spot (although as other yelpers have noted there are no "happy hour" specials. Some people may not be "blown away" by the food, and I agree it's not incredible, but it's better than many places in North Scottsdale. I always enjoy the salads, bruschetta and prosciutto pizza. Was not a huge fan of the burrata (which could have been much better.)
3	Great atmosphere.Terrible service, they act like they are doing you a favor by making you a drink.Pricey for a martini is $15 and wine runs in the $15 glass range.
4	Ok I was ready to give a bad review due to some of the other reviews I read   But I can't I have to be totally honest . This place is great the place looks awesome the decor is great . The view is incredible with a inside bar that opens to the patio. The service was actually really good sever kept my ice filled for my husband and wine for me . I had the Margarita pizza and my husband had the sausage and peppers which had a spicy kick which he loved , my pizza was awesome. The place was great and we will come again . Only down fall was the price a bit pricey   We ordered a 8 " pizza ,  sausage sandwich / comes with fries , 1 Bloody Mary , 3  wines they call glass and half wine and a ice tea.     81.00 buck.  Wine itself was 42.00    Like I said a bit pricey, if they had some happy hour menu this place would be really packed.   But the service was great and the food was amazing . Don't mind paying a little extra for great food    Will be back
3	This place suffers from an identity crisis.  Good menu that you want to be served in a quiet environment but isn't. It's a loud almost sports bar environment. Isabella's has several things going for it and at the top of the list is the back patio. Went prepared for bad service and at first that was dead on. Hostess could have carried less where we wanted to sit or if we even stayed. A nice young guy came by our table and my husband asked to moved. he was more than happy to help. When we finally got seated at a table outside in the bar we had two servers try to help us. The food was decent. The menu has mostly heavy Italian food which is hard to eat in the Arizona heat. We would go back because it's close to the hotel we frequent and the patio is lovely. Next time a salad and pizza will do.
3	This place suffers from an identity crisis.  Good menu that you want to be served in a quiet environment but isn't. It's a loud almost sports bar environment. Isabella's has several things going for it and at the top of the list is the back patio. Went prepared for bad service and at first that was dead on. Hostess could have carried less where we wanted to sit or if we even stayed. A nice young guy came by our table and my husband asked to moved. he was more than happy to help. When we finally got seated at a table outside in the bar we had two servers try to help us. The food was decent. The menu has mostly heavy Italian food which is hard to eat in the Arizona heat. We would go back because it's close to the hotel we frequent and the patio is lovely. Next time a salad and pizza will do.
5	I have now been to Isabella's Kitchen on  4 different  occasions. I have taken  4 different girlfriends there, for both lunch and dinner, and have had a delightful experience each time. I found the service to be excellent, with helpful recommendations from servers, and continued attention throughout the meal. The food has been excellent every single time...light when we wanted light, and more substantial when we were starving. I have not been there since it has turned into hot hot summer, so hope it will be cool enough when I return. I have recommended to several people. Thank you for such a nice spot to pop into!!!!
5	Great cocktails, awesome bruschetta and really good people watching.  Right on the golf course, try one of the pasta dishes and salt and pepper shrimp!
2	I'll agree with J.B. and Lisa K.  The people especially at the front need to be either trained, re-trained, or replaced.  The restaurateur should know that, the servers can either make or break the meal.  Here, the servers definitely break the meal.Not much else to say.
3	It's a fun place to go with a big group of friends. With indoor and outdoor bar seating I really enjoy sitting back on the patio. The blood orange margarita is my most preferable drink. The food there is decent. The service is as well.
4	I'm pretty surprised reading the reviews below.  Granted I've only been here once, but it was a great experience.We had a group of 7 and requested a table with a view, and the Hostess quickly set something up for us.  Our server was friendly and quick to bring out waters, drinks, and our entrees, even putting some in boxes and bringing checks early to help those of us who were in a rush.The Crispy Chicken Sandwich was delicious, as was the bread provided complimentary and the salad that came with the sandwich.The view of the golf course is beautiful, and I'm excited to return to enjoy the patio!
3	Had lunch here the other day. Service was attentive and it was good for a large group. All of the good was reasonable. Pretty normal fare but I thought the desserts were great. Would recommend the cheesecake!
5	My boyfriend and I go to Isabella's about once a month or so. The gorgeous atmosphere on the patio makes it a perfect outdoor evening dinner spot, especially in the fall/winter when the fire pit is lit-very pretty.We always start with a bottle of red wine, the Salt & Pepper Shrimp and have worked our way down the entire pasta menu. My new favorite dish is the Veggie Campenelle-outstanding and light.I highly recommend trying this place. I can't see why anyone would be disappointed.
5	Great spot to wrap up the weekend.  Kids playing in the grass, hanging with friends.  Yummy food and FOOTBALL!
3	I'm struggling here because I really really want to love this place. It's a beautiful location, just down the street from my house and the atmosphere and views are great. Problem is, I just don't think the food is much to write home about. The jokes on me though, because I keep going back in my quest to fall in love.   I've had the pizza and also a salad, both were ok. The drinks are good, albeit a bit pricey but par for the course (pun intended, you'll get it if you've been) for North Scottsdale dining. The outdoor area is good for kids, so that does give them a little bump up in my book.    I would recommend Isabella's for lovely drinks on the patio on a comfortable Arizona evening, but I would plan on Dinner elsewhere. No doubt I'll try it again like a mediocre relationship that should work but just doesn't.
4	BEAUTIFUL views of the Grayhawk Talon golf course! Come at sunset if you can and enjoy the sunset over a cocktail or beer/glass of wine. Good service and people watching scene. Haven't eaten here but food looks decent!
2	I've been here three separate times. On two of the three visits I've had horrible service. Based on my experience during my three visits, my rating is two stars overall; one star for the service and five stars for the view. The food is average, not great but not bad. It's very disappointing because I'd love to come here more often, but I just can't based on the service I've received. There are too many great patios in Scottsdale to suffer through it.
