3	It seems like every hotel has some kind of free show for it's visitors. Bellagio has it's fountains, Treasure Island has the Sirens of TI, Mirage has it's Volcano, and The Wynn has it's lake show.What is it?It's a 150 foot tall fountain with a man made lake in front of it. In the lake is a state of some guy facing the fountain, I don't know what that is all about. but it's just a weird thing to me. I'm not too big into modern art, so I probably don't "get it".Anyway the lake and fountain has beautiful lights that change the colors of it every now and then. then at night every half hour or so, there is some show they have with music and random animations projected onto the fountains.  Sometimes this gigantic inflated frog pops out from the top of the fountain.So how is it?Well honestly it's just not that good in my opinion. it's certainly not as bad as Sirens of TI. But it's no way near as good as Bellagio. Sometimes I feel like Wynn hotel tried really hard to take Bellagio and outclass it. In a few ways it does (service), in other ways it fails. (La Reve to me will always be a cheap copy of O, and this lake fountain show is definitely kind of a rip off of the Bellagio fountains).The Bellagio fountains always has a very classic, romantic, and enchanting feel when you watch it. Especially at night. You can just sit there and watch it with your girl, enjoy the moment, and at the same time you have a part of Vegas you will always remember.The Lake of Dreams show at the Wynn when you watch it. Well first off it's not easily accessible to see. You pretty much have to be eating at the SW steakhouse, or standing in that one spot in front of the cafe balcony to see it.  And that's really the only easily accessible spot to see it and here the music. The last option is the cafe outside seating, but you can imagine how hard it is to get a seat out there during show times.Anyway as you watch the show, it's not really the beautiful, enchanting etc.  I saw three shows.  One was "Friends in low Places" cus Garth Brooks now has a show at the Wynn. It was kind of like a Karaoke projection, with a big frog on top. Another was some weird durmming amazon beat music again with the gigantic frog. I'll call him froggy-man. and the last one...may have had froggy-man too. but I can't even remember what the song was or the projections.  Anyway it's hard to harp on a free show. It is still decent, but nothing about it is so memorable and enchanting that I would tell people you NEED to go see it. So if you're in the area, of course check it out. It's kind of fun yet kind of weird.  But unlike the Bellagio Fountain Show, it's definitely not something you NEED to see in Vegas.~G
5	My all time favorite place to relax, meet, and enjoy myself. The water shows are spectacular, as is the hotel. If you are looking for something quiet, as well as spectacular and unique, go to the Lake of Dreams at Wynn. Amazing.
5	I really like this place - no matter where we're staying in Las Vegas, we make the time to spend an hour here sipping  a cocktail and waiting for the half-hourly shows.  It's sort of a pot-luck what you'll get, though there is apparently a schedule that those working the bar are privy to.Our favorite is probably the giant animatronic frog that sings "What a Beautiful World", but there's also a dancing flower thing that seems like maybe it's new, mating dance of the glowing balls, some sort of jungle/snake projection, and maybe one other we've seen.  They are not long shows, and not all that exciting, but it's a very pretty, relaxing place to sit for a while away from the hustle and bustle of the strip.Definitely best in the evening.
5	This was so cool and it changes every 1/2 hour starting at 7:30,  we just wander out there by accident I just thought it was a patio with a bar, what's not to love, then we were amazed at this very cool light show!  They have statues of  men standing in the water so if you take a picture it can give you scale, the head that appears is huge and you wouldn't know it if you didn't have something to compare it to! What a fun night and we did not have any problem with seating! LOVE the WYNN I will never stay anywhere else!
5	I first watched this show when I was having dinner with a friend at SW Steakhouse. I just fell in love with the lakeside show while having steak and wine in a 5 steak steakhouse at the Wynn. The vibrant colors and statues coming out of the water is like no other I've seen in Vegas. Other parts I liked was the signing frog, the Ferris Buehler theme song they play with the head popping out of the water. Which I thought was very cool.
4	What is there not to love about a big frog singing It's a wonderful world? Loved the show, visually, very stimulating and a nice relaxing environment. Show starts at 8:00pm. Get there at 7:45, order a drink and enjoy a few songs. It is worth the trip.
1	Many of the reviews I read prior to my Vegas trip suggested that the Lake of Dreams is the Wynn's answer to the Bellagio Fountains. As a total fan of the fountains, I was interested to see if they'd match up. Spoiler alert - they don't.For about as second at the beginning of the show, I was excited. I thought, "wow - this is going to be COOL!"  Nope. Had we been staying at the Wynn or decided to have a drink or dinner around the pool, perhaps my experience would have been better. We decide to watch near the top of the escalators and had as good of a view as one could have from indoors.The show sucked. This huge random animatronic frog sings a song and some lights and mist show on the "lake" for just a few minutes - honestly the shortest show in Vegas.Save your feet. Save your time. Skip this one.
2	More like Lake of Psychedelic Hallucinations. Heh, I made a funny.So I never knew about this attraction for years. It was only when I looked up "free show attractions" that this popped up. And with all the money that I lose in Vegas, I need all the free stuff I can get!The automated light and sound show is located outside in the back of the Wynn casino. What normally is a small lake and waterfall transforms into a nightly show for patrons to see. Check the official website for specific times [http://www.wynnlasvegas.com/Shows/LakeOfDreams/Photos].Let me set the scene though. It was raining that weekend, so the outside patio that makes the show sound worthwhile was closed to the public. The show went on still, but you couldn't listen to the music and get the full experience. My girlfriend and I just stood inside by the window by the bar though. And what we saw was weird...I won't spoil the show though, but let's just say that maybe there is a reason why there's an alcoholic bar by the show area. The show isn't long at all either. Just a few minutes.Based off the experience I had, I'd give it a 2. Maybe a 3 if the weather's nice (allowing you to actually sit in the patio and listen to the audio) and you're with the right company... and maybe a little intoxicated.
5	Nice place to get a picture. Another area just to check out if you have never been before, get a picture and keep it moving.
3	Lol. Looks great but a huge frog singing was what we saw! One song an hour and that was alright in the cold balcony. I'm sure there are different versions of the dreams. The colorful light in the pond was pretty. I wish I had time to see many other ones, if there are many versions.
4	Think of it as an amuse-bouche of Vegasshows. Beautiful and fun to watch. My flame and I just happened upon the falls when we stopped for drinks at Parasol Down. The forest and bright white waterfall and "lake" are gorgeous to relax by and sip a beverage. The following night we came by for more drinks, this time we stopped at the small bar that is located above Parasol Down. Great bartender, cozy couches and oh! A cool, free show! My attention span is short. This show fit perfectly. If you're in the mood for quick entertainment...this is a great stop. We happened to be visiting during Christmas week, and the Wynn had a lot of beautiful sights to take in, including this show. It runs every half hour - different shows each time. The bartender told us the 7:30 and 9pm shows are the best. It's entertaining, and right when the convo starts to drag a little, a new show is starting.
1	Really?? This is about the lamest thing I've seen in my life. Do they change the show up? All I saw was a waterfall changing colors and two large parasol flowers kind of swaying and opening and closing. I think that's about the most ridiculous thing I've ever seen given the amount of space and viewing area dedicated to it. The hotel must have money. They should hire me to make it rock! Why even have it if it's not so impressive so as not to be missed. As it is it's so silly I'd argue it's actually a net negative for the hotel. Kind of like if the Wynn ever featured Carrot Top
