4	i hear it will be open by friday, Dec. 21.Edit:  Well, i finally had a chance to check out The Rose & Crown on two separate nights, one being opening night, and the other a Thursday night in early January.Because i live downtown and pretty much crave ANYTHING new, this review will be completely bias, although I'm fairly certain that other central area denizens will agree with the tone of the review. As you walk in, there is a greeter, which is pretty awkward at a bar, especially since the front room is commanded by the bar only a few feet from the entrance.  Its a unique but awkward set up, though convenient if you are sitting on their amazingly sweet patio or on their cleverly placed benches overlooking Pizzeria Bianco and Heritage Square in general.  When i was there with my gf on a Thursday, it was pretty dreary and about 10 other people were in there whispering.  I was slightly disappointed in the atmoshere, but since the bar offered a bunch of new things to look at and talk about, i was entertained.  Business really needs to pick up in order to help the vibe of this place.  Their dart board nook is really cool, though it could be dangerous (ha!) as the only thoroughfare to the loo.  I had their fish in chips, which were nice and the proportion big, but i STILL prefer Rula Bula's (still looking for something comparable ANYWHERE else).  Still, the fish and chips were far superior to George and Dragon's.  My gf had the chicken ceasar salad, which is about at boring eating it as it is typing it.  Still, it was serviceable fare.I enjoyed a Tetley's (which i'm impressed they had on tap) and my gf got a classic Guinness - 'cos she's cool like that.  All in all, a nice environment to drink strong ales in.  The music was obviously satellite radio, but it fit the environment, and i heard New Order, Morrissey, and your requisite Amy Winehouse.  All SOLID Brit-pub tunes.  I'd like to see a DJ night to breath some life into a stale night, or (gasp!) live music on their sizableoutside property. When i go back, i will mos def decide to sit on the patio or on the benches in front.  That is a pretty unique feature of the R&C and as a downtownie, i'm pleased its in the neighborhood.
5	This place is awesome!  Got together with some friends I haven't seen in over a year.  They mentioned the Rose and the Crown.  As soon as I walked in, I felt at ease.  I walk in, and a couple people knew me, so it felt friendly instantly.The staff is awesome!  Super-friendly and attentive, without being down your throat.I told them to expect me back everyday.  Teehee!
3	I have to say, coming from a land of many Irish pubs (and being Irish myself) I didn't get a very pub like feel from Rose and Crown.  (Even if its British. Bah. British. )  I felt much more like I was at a restaurant than at a pub.The disjointed atmosphere of the rooms and patio, while works well for certain establishments, doesn't seem to work as well here.  The lack of a main central bar area adds to the restaurant feel.  While the fish and chips we ordered were very good the fact that, despite being part of the largest party in the place, we had to go and pay for our meal at the bar was slightly annoying.  (Why didn't our server return to our table to bring us a check?  Or even check in and see if we needed something? Is it because we were on the patio?)They had a good selection of British beers on tap- Tetley and Boddingtons as well as your other standard brews.  But if Rose and Crown really wants to consider itself a pub it should knock down the existing bar and wall (which apparently weren't there when this was circa 1900) and just make one big room with a very long bar and then the tables.  3.5, but I'm rounding up because I'm not sure if there are real pubs to found here and the fish and chips were solid.Update:  Ok, so I was back for the Yelp event and I have to say that R+C just doesn't do it for me.  I had the Shepherd's Pie which was mediocre at best.  I love potatoes.  LOVE them.  I eat them raw for crying out loud.  But I don't want my Shepherd's Pie to be nothing but potato.  I shouldn't be searching for the meat.  Again, I have to say I'm not a fan of the disjointed layout of the bar....there is no vibe here and if there is its not a fun one.  FYI, they validate parking for the Hertiage Sq Garage.
3	I'm somewhere in between three and four stars. And, I know there are Yelp "Talk" events taking place right this very second as I sit to type my review, and it is for this reason I appreciate what anonymity I have so I won't be egged as I walk out my door in the morning. And, it is possible that I expected something earth shattering within the vicinity of so much greatness (read: Pizzeria Bianco)First of all - I had to approach the bar for service, refills and a check. Granted there was one guy running the place at 3:30 in the afternoon, but my friends and I were three of five people at the entire property. They weren't busy. We sat out on the patio and watched all the folks across the walkway start to congregate outside Pizzeria Bianco in the rain. It was an unbelievable an hour and a half prior to opening, they have at least two seatings of Guests waiting in the rain - I swear there's got to be something addictive in that crust. I love Bianco, I do, but I am also (sometimes) very logical. Show up at 5 p.m., go find a great patio table at the Rose and Crown, or Bar Bianco and have some wine for a couple of hours prior to dinner - don't stand in the rain for an hour and a half!But, I digress...we're discussing the Rose and the Crown. Okay. Cute, compartmentalized rooms, yes. Homey feel, yes. Good selection of beer, yes. Good wine, no. Well made cocktails, yes. Menu, eh, okay. Service, eh, poor to okay.  Patio seats, rocking good! The trees changing colors, yellow leaves everywhere, perfect. People watching, phenomenal. Fish and Chips, pretty good. The friends I shared the experience with, too good to be true!
3	As I age, I notice a very distinct progression in my social abilities and perception. It started with being overly cool and on-the-scene. Those were my Hot Pink and My Favorite Lounge days, when I had eighteen thousand holes in my face, and the requisite challenging hairstyle du jour, and danced on bar tops.These were the golden years, and I knew everyone that needed to be known.Now, I am beyond uncool, and when I go places that used to be as hip as me, I feel like I kinda recognize everyone. It's a little uncomfortable. This happened about 17 times at R+C. The place feels a little big for its britches, but the potential is there. They need more lived-in homey type stuff. The prices are fine, the food's okay, and the brewsky is cold, but we all know that has nothing to do with a bar's success. It's good to have a pub in downtown that doesn't smell like urine (I'm glaring in your general direction, Seamus McCaffrey's), but the crown's not there yet.
5	I have a hard time reviewing a place that is not even a month old yet.  Definitely not enough time to get into a rhythm...  Of course there are going to be plenty of kinks to work out and after talking with one of the owners for awhile I definitely think he is up for the challenge.  I really enjoyed my evening here and can't wait to come back to see how things are going for them.  All of the British recipes on the menu are family recipes and honestly the best Shepperd's pie I have ever had. I cannot wait to return and try the other items on the menu.
3	I really wanted to fall madly in love with this place, I mean, a British themed pub in Heritage Square? So promising. As you walk in, the bartender is standing behind in an elaborate wooden bar structure. This made me think publican instead of bartender (as in "Mate, I'll take a pint and d'ya have any rooms available?"), which is probably the idea. As there was nice selection of draught beers, we walked around to the bar to the right and ordered a couple of pints. I ordered a Boddingtons, my friend ordered a Stateside micro brew. (Would have been nice if they had Old Peculiar on tap, but you can't have everything.) Due to the combination of things cooking in the kitchen, it smelled a bit like my grandma's house. This prompted us to make a beeline for the patio decorated with super-heavy wood furniture. I assume this is to discourage thieves from selling their tables and chairs on the black market. Smart. The piped-in music selection that night was a bit off-putting, in fact, one of the other patrons commented on it as well. It appeared to be a satellite radio station that specialized in 80s hits like Wham! and Depeche Mode. I guess George Michael and David Gahan ARE British. Indeed! Wikipedia just informed me that "Dave Gahan (born May 9, 1962 in Epping, Essex, England) is the baritone lead singer for the English electronic band Depeche Mode, and is also an accomplished solo artist." Now I feel better. There are many cozy nooks in this place, so that would be a good thing if you wanted to have some one-on-one time. They were also playing football (soccer) on the flat screens, so should make some team scarf-wearing Brit ex-pats in the Valley very happy.Will I be back to try the food? Probably at some point. But, for another round of drinks, I think I'll wait for a Friday or Saturday night when it's hopping.
5	that's it - I'm moving back to phoenix. All it took was for three local phoenix boys to open the perfect tavern where I can relax on a massive wooden porch with a pint of bass and wax poetic on the merits of the cure and the clash with a friend after work.Rose and Crown is a gorgeous home (formerly circa 1900) turned London pub with a warm atmosphere and *killer* music selected on the jukebox. The music I attribute to one of the owners, Chris, who, I eventually discovered, used to play in a mid-90s local punk band called Plinko. I found this tidbit of info out while eavesdropping on a conversation he was having with a couple that was sitting up at the bar. They were chatting about a 1993 punk show in Phx where Circle Jerks and Skankin Pickle played. I excitedly shouted from across the room, "Punk v. Ska?! I was at that show, too!" turns out the owner's band, the couple, and I were ALL at that show, and now ALL sitting a beautiful wood bar relaxing with our English pints (which are 20 OZ across the pond, btw, not 16)  - did I mention I LOVE THIS PLACE? Deets: It's nestled in Heritage Square - and directly across from Pizzeria Bianco - on a faux street (it was once a street but is now blocked from traffic passing through) with about five other early 19th century homes-turned-restaurant/bar. This really makes for a homey effect. Up a set of stairs and there's plenty of wooden tables and chairs on the enormous front patio (where, I might add, you can actually take your drink to - take that, Roosevelt!). inside is broken up into three rooms off of a foyer. the belly-up portion of the bar itself is kind of small - but there's plenty of high-table seating throughout the two rooms, and a pool table and dart board in the third.Food - didn't try it, but usual English fare; Shepherd's pie, bangers and mash, fish and chips. Happy hour meant $3.50 import pints (again, these are 20 ouncers) of Bass, Boddington's, Newcastle, Guinness, Stella...you get the idea.My one major complaint - the parking. There is absolutely no parking near the bar. There are of course plenty of garages nearby - this is right downtown - but on a game night you get screwed. you can try your luck finding a metered space that doesn't require money after 5 p.m. like I did. But that's not enough to deter me. The owner I mentioned before - who spotted me sitting at the bar alone while I waited for my friend and chatted me up - very much gave the impression that they're just three good friends attempting what every 20-30-somethings dreams about at one point - opening a cool bar. And they did. So go to it.
3	I really want to like The Rose and Crown more, but if you take away the huge creepy paintings of British royalty you wouldn't even know it's a British pub. You especially notice it after a visit to George and Dragon or Rosie McCaffrey's.  Now that's not a big deal or anything, but it just doesn't feel like a British pub the way they do - Rosie's is Irish, I know.A group of us came here for drinks after First Friday and relaxed on the porch with pints of brew and good company.  I would go here again, I'm just not falling all over myself or getting wet with praise for the place. 2.5 stars rounding up to 3.
5	What a nice little place. Casual but classy, if that makes sense. Totally delicious Shepherd's Pie...I really liked that it had green beans in it, as opposed to all other Shepherd's Pie I've had with peas (ick). I kind of wonder if the big Heritage Square events impact the ambiance, but I'd definitely go back here if I'm in the area and looking for something to do. I do wish they had their own parking... the only parking I could find was in the garage on 5th St.
4	Rose and Crown, will you be my Valentine? Be still my heart. I walked up to Rose and Crown with great anticipation, also knowing it had received some mixed reviews. I expected to be turned off. Instead, I was turned on. I really dig the rooms that are tucked to the side of the bar, which welcomes you with open arms once you step inside. I was amused by the front door, too. It had a tiny little knob hiding from me. "How do you get in?" I thought at first. Then I laughed. Already I was amused and in a good mood. So, once you're inside, you're staring at the face of the bar. Yep, it's right there. I imagine it can be a cluster on a crowded night, but when the place is relatively vacant, it's awesome to be able to walk up the steps, through the door and right into the arms of the bar. And it's not just any bar. There are plenty of options on tap, as well as by the bottle. A bar that carries Rogue is a bar I want to be at. Of course, they didn't have the Mocha Porter or the Hazelnut Brown, but I can always go to The Lost Leaf for that. Regardless, Rose and Crown carries a wide array of beers, from ales to pilsners to stouts. I was very, very happy to see Hobgoblin on the menu! As well as to know they do try and carry seasonal beers, including the new one from Sierra Nevada.So, after you order your beer, you then have to decide Left or Right? If you move to the left, you walk into the "fun area," two rooms split between pool (one table) and two dart boards. This is also where you'll find the restrooms, past the two rooms and stashed in the back. This is also the way to the juke box and outside patio. To the right of the bar is the main seating area that is adjoined to another smaller room where R+C can set out food. Or, if there's no food to have, you can cozy up to the bar for the night. I can definitely see how pinching your way through the crowd can be a hassle. I guess it depends on what kind of crowd it is. I don't mind rubbing shoulders and bumping elbows with artsy, laid back types. But, considering Rose and Crown is close to Pizzeria Bianco, AZ Science Center and alot of downtown offices, you could very well find yourself among posh-chasers and yuppies. Who knows. I'd have to go back on a regular weekday or weekend night to investigate that.
4	So I told the swamp donkey to sock it before I give her a trunky in the tradesman's entrance and have her lick me yarballs!Sorry, I guess the Englishness seeped in.I dug this place.  Yet another Phoenix house turned bar (the whole concept is still novel to me, so I'm like a little kid with a toy anytime I find a new one).   This one is most definitely English-themed.  On the taps, they've got Tetley's and on the menu they've got shephard's pie.  What more could you want?  Darts?  Oh yeah, they've got that, too.  Pool?  Done.  A wide array of other British Isle beers on tap and a nice selection of microbrew bottles?  Yep.   The fish n chips were in log form.  Not great, but pretty good.
4	The Rose and the Crown is located in Heritage Square and seems to be in a revolving door location...many different restaurants in the same location over many years...The food:  I had the fish and chips and they weren't that bad and weren't that good.  The "brick" of fish wasn't so great, but the chips were excellent.  Another draw back...no HP sauce!  Any good anglophile will tell HP sauce and chips are a necessary combo...The beer:  Great choices...Gotta try the Old Peculiar and anytime you can find Rogue Dead Guy, go for it...The reason for the 4 stars...Ambience.I am huge fan of Phoenix's move in using "house" for restaurants...Great examples include Cibo, Fate, and so on..Authentic dartboards ( no electronic! ) and a great jukebox/Sirius radio...Loads of fun, cool people, and great location in the downtown area.Go as soon as possible!
4	Located in the Heritage Square area (right across from Pizzeria Bianco), the Rose and Crown is a great little bar that packs a ton of laid back charm.  As a converted house, the front porch area has plenty of room for sitting outside and enjoying a pint or four with friends.  The beer selection is good, with local favorites like Four Peaks mixed in with your Irish/British beers.  I have not eaten here yet, so I cannot comment on the food.Once you step inside, they've managed to keep the individual "rooms" of the house, making it feel like you are truly still in a house.  One room as a pool table, another has some seats and real darts (not that plastic crap), yet another is full of tables and chairs for your dining enjoyment.Service has always been friendly and attentive, and the people that roll into this place are from all walks of life.  Parking can sometimes be a pain, due to its location near the sporting venues, but if a no-frills laid back place for a beer is what you seek, look no further.
4	Chill pub in a converted house.  It doesn't really feel like a pub but that's besides the point.The best seats are out on the porch.  The bar is straight ahead when you walk in the bar and there are two rooms to the left with a pool table, darts, and a jukebox.  A room to the right has more formal tables.  Nice beer selection that included both British beers and local microbrews.  Standard bar menu.Not sure what this is like at night but really liked it as a post-baseball game drinking spot and somewhere to kill the time waiting for a table at Pizzeria Bianco across the street.
4	I went here for Happy Hour one night after finding it on Yelp - thanks yelp!  I really liked it.  However, I should preface this with saying I like older buildings and unique architecture.  This place fits right in downtown.  I love the social outdoor couches, the rocking chairs on the large porch and the small inside rooms with hardwood floors.  I almost felt like I was back in the south.  They need more bathrooms, or at least bigger bathrooms, but I guess you work with the space you got right?  However, I one point, I had to go so bad, I went into the men's which had no line.  I got a few funny looks on the way out, but I didn't care, I had the sweet relief of having gone to the bathroom.Their chicken strips and fries were delicious!  They had an amazing batter on them and the fries were superb.  I would definitely recommend.  They have a good beer selection and I was able to get a lovely bottle of my favorite - pinot grigio.
5	This place replaced Seamus Mcaffery's as my local watering hole. The atmosphere is fun, with darts and pool. They have a great patio to people watch or laugh at the folks waiting for a table at Pizzeria Bianco (or while you are waiting.) The food is very good, from the buffalo wings to the shepard's pie. Even their garden salad at $4 has fresh spinach, cherry tomatoes, and other obviously fresh products. Nothing appeared to be of cheap quality. Their beer selection is very large, and features a lot of local beers, plus hard to find european beers, with a full bar. I've gone here for all occasions, from night of hard drinking, to dinner with the family. It works for all occassions. They are extremely friendly and very accommodating (even allowed us to order Papa John's to their patio, since the kitchen was closed.) Great music, great food, and nice people. I really hope they are able to keep the low prices as well, and still turn a profit and make rent.Tuesday night is $2 well night!A+ establishment.
4	I love the porch.  They have an inside, but I've never sat in there.  The food is pretty good and the beer is awesome.The music is from a jukebox and can be hit or miss.  One evening I was there it played 14 U2 songs in a row, which was fine with me but not my friends.
4	I'm into this place. I've only been here a few times but it is quickly becoming a regular hangout. The best part is the porch, but it will be too hot to enjoy that soon. So boo for that.Good stuff:Lots of good beerMost people who work here are not douchetardsMost people who hang out here are not douchetardsThe cheese plate was big and deliciousGood jukeboxGood patioI think they have darts and crap inside but I was too toasty to rememberThe bad:One bathroomSo yay for The Rose and Crown. Good times.
4	Why isn't this place more popular?  I only come here while waiting for my table at Pizzeria Bianco, but I've yet to have a bad experience here.  The vibe is right there, just out of reach.  Picture tuning a piano - you've allmooost got it!  I think part of the problem is the location.
4	Gary and I went here last night. Everything was quite tasty.  We ordered Shepard's Pie, Ruben Sandwich with coleslaw and a side of chips.  OH, and some light colored fruity beer that was on tap.  I had a sip, it was beer.  Gary enjoyed it, he drank it all.  My favorite thing was the coleslaw, it was fantastic!  Leafy, a nice celery taste and the dressing was good too.  I also enjoyed the chips! I like potato wedges better than fries and random pieces were tart, which I liked.  The asparagus that came with the Shepard's Pie were fantastic!  The last restaurant we had asparagus, they were tough and not really edible, but these were tasty!I liked the atmosphere of the restaurant too.  Didn't know they had a juke box until after we finished eating.  Next time I'll pick a few songs!
4	Ah, The Rose and Crown.A group of my friends and I have claimed this spot as one of our regular digs.  Much like a pack of wild dogs that have pissed on every corner of thier territory, this one is ours. You can come too though. We are not mean dogs, just a band of roving comedians with self-esteem issues and an inhuman ability to drink.Well let me just say a few things about the Rose and Crown.-They have never kicked us out.-They have a pile of beer.-They make a mean Mind Eraser.-I left my debit card there and they did not abuse it.-The Cheese plate is amazing. There is way too much feta to not throw it at people.  One poor soul even suffered the indignity of a Cheesey Sanchez.-One sweet patio.  You can stare across the way at the smug Pizza Bianco patrons.You really need to check this place out.  the owners are awesome.  They have trivia on Wednesday nights.  And you for sure can have a ton of fun.
2	Is it me or does every restaurant fail in this location? Examples include; Ruby Beet & Circa 1900. The location is not conducive to a restaurant or bar, there is no attached parking. Needless to say, if your going to make your guests walk a few blocks from a parking garage you need to have a concept worth walking for. The Rose and Crown should have been opened in a better, guest friendly location.
4	This place is a unique one of a kind place. Great selection of beers to choose from-whether you want domestic, imported or craft beer. Awesome digital jukebox. There are a series of rooms which gives you the opportunity to explore and enjoy your buzz at the same time.  One room is a small bar/seating area, one is more of a small dining room (the food looked YUMMY by the way), one room is a pool room and the other is s eating, darts room. VERY cool set-up....I can also imagine siiting on the porch area when it cools down. Right in the middle of Heritage Square. This is the kind of place you go when you want a cool chill, just-sit-back-and-drink afternoon/night when there's no place you have to be. Definitely worth checking out!
4	This down-home pub/restaurant is located in downtown Phoenix's Heritage Square (a little area that preserves some of Phoenix's Victorian past) in a converted house. It's located directly across from the infamous Pizzeria Bianco, which is either a blessing or a curse, depending on how you look at it. On the particular night we went thinking we might want to wait in line at Pizzeria Bianco but ultimately deciding we were too hungry to stick it out - in that sense, Rose & Crown won (and greatly benefited from its location across from PB). It lured us away from the best pizza ever, convincing us to sit on its Southern-style patio and chow down on average-tasting roast beef sliders and half-priced vodka sodas. That being said, we really enjoyed ourselves. There was something really homey and relaxing about sitting on the patio (we didn't even go inside), sipping on cold drinks, and looking around at all the Victorian homes. The service was friendly (although it was a bit slow at times), and we definitely would have stayed a lot longer had it not been 110 outside!
2	For a Saturday night, this place had a few select patrons - some even brave enough to sit outside in this absurd August heat. Not me. My friend and I parked ourselves at a table in the room with the pool table, where a couple of guys were playing and drinking pints with gusto. Fair enough. Our server was quick to bring us menus and ask for our order. She was patient enough while I tried to decide what English beer I wanted to try for the first time. The draft and bottle menu is stupid - listing the beers but not the breweries or where they come from! That takes away all the fun! It's supposedly in alphabetic order, but they must not know how to place things in order, for the Stone Arrogant Bastard Ale was listed under the A's (as Arrogant Bastard Ale - I only know the brewery cuz I'm a beer aficionado these days), while other beers were listed by the breweries - Four Peaks, Sierra Nevada, Sam Smith...I chose the Tetley's Ale. It was good! A slow sippin' beer, which is exactly what I needed. It hit the spot.While my friend and I were enjoying our pints, our server came back to our table. "I got cut, so I was wondering if I could take care of your tab now. Then, for whatever else you may need, the bartender can help you guys." Well, okay. It must've been very, very, very slow for the one and only server to be cut. We paid her and continued our conversation. Then my friend wanted another beer. But, we were never again spoken to by any staff. So, apparently, when the only server gets cut that translates to, "If you want another drink, march your happy arse up to the bar to order it." Well, we didn't stay. For that reason and because it was so hot inside. They didn't have their A/C on, which makes me wonder if they have A/C at all. Ugh. I left with swamp ass. Seriously... that is NOT how I measure a fun time. It was my friend's first time here, and I think it's a sure bet that he won't be coming back based on the lack of service. My friend and I quickly re-located to The Roosevelt for a superior experience and cooler (literally) atmosphere.
3	The good: Nice selection of beer. Food is reasonable. Great location.The indifferent: Atmosphere during the day is non existent. I've been for lunch 4 times and each time its been dead.The bad: Service. Service. Service.A quintessential part of the pub going experience is the friendly landlord that welcomes people, pours the drinks and then, if appropriate, engages in some friendly banter with the locals. Least that was my experience when I worked in Ireland, home of some of the finest pubs in the world!I got a grunt. A menu shoved at me and then ignored for 15 minutes (literally) while the donut behind the bar finished a call on his cellphone.Sort it out!!
4	A British Pub in an old house smack dab in the middle of PHX.  Of course I'm going to love it.Solid beers on tap, non-wallet gouging prices.  Should be a five.  I hold back because the food menu was sparse at best.  We didn't even bother given the lack of choices.  Also, since there was nobody there on the early Saturday afternoon it wasn't an issue, but the bathrooms (location and lack thereof) could be a problem on a busy Friday night.I think my favorite part may have been the giant paintings of British icons scattered throughout the bar. It set a nice tone and provided an atmosphere in the place that made me immediately think 'Yeah, I can see myself getting hammered here.'
5	I was visiting Phoenix in late Sept. '08 and walked from my hotel (Springhill Suites - excellent hotel and value) to The Rose and Crown for lunch one day.  I had a tasty club sandwich and delicious fries.  The next night I dropped in after a D-Backs game to see if they would put the Australian Rules Football Grand Final (their Super Bowl) on one of their TV's - it was broadcasting live at 9 P.M. on Direct TV.  I'm a big fan due to a friend in Australia, and desperately wanted to see this game.  The bartender gladly turned it on for me, and I spent the next couple hours happily watching my team (Hawthorn Hawks) win the Grand Final, along with some other curious onlookers, who were getting more into the game as it progressed.  During the game I enjoyed a few St. Mary's Pale Ale's, a recommendation by my waitress from their top quality beer menu.  If I'm ever back in Phoenix I will definitely stop here again - good food, good service, quaint atmosphere, and very accommodating employees.
1	THIS PLACE HAS THE WORST SERVICE EVER. I used to love going here when they first opened but something has gone terribly wrong. They were out of 2 of the 3 menu items we tried to order, which we were informed of nearly 20 minutes after putting our order in. When we finally did get our food, half of it came. Eventually we did get the other half, after those who got their food were finished. The quality of the food was awful. The server forgot the second round twice. We had to go up to the bar and wait about 15 minutes for someone to acknowledge us to give us our tab. At the bar there were other people complaining about the poor service. Needless to say I am never going back; which is a shame because this could be a really great place.
2	Normally, I would give this place 3 or 4 stars but there were some issues last time I was there.I was with a group watching the election results (at a British Pub, of course). Service was incredibly slow. Not the server's fault, I think he was the only one. He was nice but I never actually got to order food. The first three beers I wanted were not available. What kind of British Pub runs out of Boddington? I guess we were lucky they had Guinness.It could be a very cool neighborhood bar, but with places like The Lost Leaf, The Roosevelt, etc., they need to step it up if they want to make it.
2	So my last review was quite favorable...They took away the dart boards. They put TVs everywhere, like a sports bar. The service (minus the two regular girls) has gone to shit. Food has gone downhill. I remember saying how the food was high quality and good. Not so much anymore. Ownership is just not getting it. I've had lots of conversations with Chris because I DO NOT want the local pub to close down. The place has been a ghost town as of late, and there are reasons why.1. don't take away stuff that people enjoy doing. You may think it isn't profitable, but when people come to the bar and find a game they like, then they stay longer. Thus they drink more beer.2. don't close earlier than you say you are going to, and don't cut kitchen service off early. People remember that. The next time they are hungry or thirsty they will go elsewhere that they know is open. 3. Train your employees. They used to make regular rounds on the patio and to the tables. Nowadays you are so understaffed that if you don't walk to the bar, you ain't getting a drink.4. GET SOME FUCKING COORS LIGHT! You have been out of it EVERY time I've been there in the past month (9-10 times) and that is ridiculous.I hope you guys are reading this. I really do. You're going to mess up a good thing.
1	Fail.They serve food till midnight, so we rolled through here at 11 PM on a First Friday. The waiter kept forgetting things we asked for... water, menus, etc. French fries - oops chips - tasted like they had been sitting out for a while. Cool and mushy... not my idea of a good chip.My clam chowder was kind of thin though it tasted OK. It was lacking potatoes. Kinda weird. Ordered a Strongbow cider on tap... and it's flat. Since the server was nowhere to be found, I went up to the bar. Bartender: "Oh the cider is usually a little flat! Don't worry about it!" (WHAAA???) Me: "No - it's really flat. I think my water is fizzier." Turns out it was the bottom of the tap and there's none left, and they aren't opening another till the next day. So no drinkey drinkey for Adam. Fail! Friend ordered some sandwich, she seemed to like it but it didn't look too thrilling to me. So whatevs.The wine list was pretty shallow. Other friend ordered some "fruity tart" type flavored white wine. She said it was "tinny" tasting and not good. Fail.The pool table takes up way too much room such that it's impossible to sit around the wall and not be poked by sticks. After being poked 3x by this daft fool I tapped the back of his cue ball and messed up his shot on purpose, because I was about to get it in the ribs. The paintings of the Queen and Churchill kind of suck, in a 7th grade kind of way. It looks like Queen E's hair is floating slightly above her head. I will not be back!
4	So, I grew up around horses... and (has anyone else noticed this?) the Rose and Crown has a smell that reminds me of a tack room.  Is this good or bad?  I do not know.Fun for trivia, if a little crowded. Food is solid... but I would love to see some more vegetarian options. A girl can only eat so many grilled cheese sandwiches, you know. Don't bother with dessert... they are clearly from the Costco freezer.
4	based on the reviews  posted to the side, i wonder how this happens to be a place i truly enjoy and always end up at. I'm usually very particular, but maybe the big tips are bringing my experiences to a higher level of service than the norm. TRANSLATION= just because its an english bar, doesn't mean they have the VAT (value added tax=to you and me, this means tip) added in. tip the service and they will remember your name, or what you ordered, don't be bitchy (this is still just lil 'ole arizona people) and ask for it all at once. and please remember (not an excuse-just a fact) English are not known for their delicious food, they in fact have the most unlusted after cuisine. with that in mind....my review:i love this place! everything is great (except for the beer battered items-unless you like taking a chug of beer right before you pop a piece of zucchini in your mouth) as a non-beer fan, i would hope that they had an alternative to the beer batter. i've had it other places and the strong beer taste is not there, so if your a beer lover, you will love the batter for it takes like straigh beer! the chips are tasty....they give you ranch too, and its delicious!the best part about this place is the POOL TABLE!!!!! i'm an avid fan, player and choose this place many a time just for the table. the place is a converted old historical house (used to be the SRP sponsored doll house back in 2001) they closed up the hallway and made it the bar area. each room is a different type of setting, such as the bar area with bar stools and a nice old bar, the game room with bar, the pool table room with stools and chairs and then the lounge area (or pub area) with tables, reminiscent of an english tavern (my favorite was right in the W1 area, on chambers i think). for all you smokers, you will love the outside patio (takes up the entire front lawn) they have tons of tables, couches, chairs and bar stools out there, best of all you will be right in the center of downtown Phoenix, close to the new monorail....hello safe ride home!
1	DON'T GO TO THIS PLACE!It lists itself as an English pub.  Traditionally, Fish & Chips is, or should be, a main attraction on the menu.  I ordered the special - a half order of fish & chips and a cup of French onion soup (they were nice enough to substitute French onion for the listed clam chowder).  To my mouth, the fish was inedible - I forced down 2 small bites before I (figuratively) threw it back.  The layer of cheese on the soup was thick enough to be measurable with a child's ruler - a small child's ruler.  Once I fought my way through the cheese, there were about 3 whole slices of bread in the soup.  Unfortunately, there was only 1 sliver of onion in the bowl.  The potatoes weren't bad - they were actually kinda tasty.  Worst excuse for a meal I've had in decades!  If you have to ask if I will go back, you haven't read this review.
3	I really, really, really wanted to like this place.  Atmosphere was nice, cool with the little nooks and crannies.  Beer selection was good, if they had it in stock.  Apparently when I went last week they were having problems with the keg deliveries.  However, my husband and I had dinner and it was awful!  My burger tasted like a preformed, frozen patty.  McD's is way better.  I asked for cheddar cheese and got a pinch of melted shredded cheese on top.  WTF?  How weird is that?  My husband had bangers and mash - yes, he's CRAZY, but he lived in England for a long time and was missing it (Sausage and mashed potatoes for the dirty minds).  He said it was beyond mediocre.  I might give it 1 more try, but likely not soon...So sad!
3	1 Star for horrific parking 5 Stars for customer service... not only did they give me and my two drinking partners free drinks because it was one of their birthday's, but they ran out of lime juice partway through our vodka gimlet's and they proceeded to fresh squeeze limes so we could get the drinks we wanted 1 Star for running out of lime juice on a Friday night 4 Stars for a really cool outdoor seating area 1 Star for a weird ass location What does that give us? 2.5 average. I'll be nice and round to 3.
2	There are alot of negative labels people throw on England and English culture, some true and some unfounded. Some of these are: poor weather, poor food, and poor women. If this place were actually British, you could throw on poor service as well.Great location, poor service. They've got a pretty good selection of beers to choose from but the thing that kills this place for me is the service. I had to go up to the waitress to give my order and go to the cashier to pay my tab. It's not like the place was busy either. The only time she came to our table was to serve us our drinks. What's worse is that she just had an attitude the whole time too. It's a shame this place sucks because the area it's in is cool, as is the antique house it operates out of. Do yourself a favor and go hit up some other bar like Hanny's or even the bar across from this place.
3	every time i have been to the Rose and Crown it was a quick in and out..kinda like risky sex.the last two visits i was able to experiance this place for more then a quicky and i have to say..i kinda like it. Pros, awesome french dip slider sandwich thingy, Fish and Chips (everyone knows i hate fish, but this was tasty) average beer selection, outside Patio and wrap around seating area.Cons, bathrooms..umm no beuno. specially after a guy dumped a duece..i was forced to breath ass air and it was not a good experiance. another Con is the somewhat inexperiance bar staff. if i ask for a Beamish..i expect the first person to tell me "no we don't have it" not the third person. size..it's kinda cramped on a busy night, and not enough room around the pool table.i would have give 4 stars, but the cons kinda outweighed the pros.specially since my nose hairs are still curled from the experiance. but i doubt that is a every day occurance..
4	It's all about the fish and chips.The four stars, that is.  Light and crisp and moist...  with malt vinegar on the chips.. Ohhh yeah, it's that good.  The other food I've had has been fine  - a couple salads, burger, sandwhich... good, but no shouting from the rooftops.The beer selection works for me (as long as there is Guiness, I'm happy).  Be sure to check out the chalk board in the bar - sometimes they have a "get a beer for 1 cent if your last name begins with...."  One day the magic letter was "W" - no kidding!
4	I see a lot of reviews stating how bad the service is here, and I suppose ours wasn't perfect as they had some issue with the vegetables back in the kitchen and I didn't get them until I was almost done with my meal.That said, I thought the food and atmosphere and music in this place was excellent and I'll definitely come back.
4	Salright.Their menu is OK. I'm usually stuck ordering onion rings because I don't really go for anything else on the menu since they changed it up (no chicken fingers? What gives??). I would order the cheese plate but it's $13 freakin' bucks now!4 stars since I come here every Wednesday...got to keep my brain in shape with TEAM TRIVIA. And it's within walking distance for me.
4	We popped in here for a brew while walking around heritage square.The waitstaff is very friendly and attentive.Note: if you just want a brew - you can order it inside!We went with a local Hefe and it was great!The options for noshing look great, but we were headed for dinner so we didn't get a chance to try them out!See you there soon!
3	WTF? No onion rings anymore?They slashed their menu yet again. Not cool, RC, not cool.
4	Been to the Rose and Crown a couple of times now and have sampled some food. They have an extensive beer selection, including Sessions. It's an American lager. Very tasty! They also have Carlsberg, which I am told is the Bud Light of Europe. I still love it! The french fries are the TITS! They are so good I was unashamedly eating them off of someone else's plate without asking. I have had the Reuben and was uninspired. The corned beef was good, but overall just lacking. I guess that is what I get for getting a Jew sandwich at an Irish pub. The decor is cool! There are futbol kits and scarves along the walls. Ya know soccer? Wonder if they show games there on the weekends? Do they have TVs? Oh well. The place is a little small, but quaint. They do have a nice patio that has ample space. Cool place to hang out on a spring night. I think they had live music too.
3	We visited the Rose & Crown on a lovely Sunday afternoon this past weekend and sat on the porch (http://twitpic.com/3ztjw ). The pub is located in Heritage square, across ye olde roade from Pizza Bianco. It is an old house that has been transformed into a bar/grill.We did not try the food.They have a good selection of brews, but all beers are $5.50 (or more?). Overall we just weren't that impressed with the place and will opt for other bars when we're in the area.
1	We did not have a good experience.Apparently there was only one server and one cook on the Sunday afternoon that we visited the pub.  After waiting an hour for our food - an HOUR - the order was incorrect.  We were told it would be "another 10 minute wait" if we wanted the order corrected because that's how long it would take to "cook the fish".   Unbelievable.To their credit, they did offer to comp our meal and we took them up on it.  However, between the obvious disorganization of the place and its lack of handicap accessibility, we won't be back.
2	The place has nothing to boast, other than being in a cute old house, that's it.The beers are very expensive and the food sucks BOTH times we have gone there.I will go back one more time as I have a 25% off coupon that includes beer, so we'll just have beer even though they have IPA only in the bottles and its about $1.50 more than most places.I'd rather go to the George and Dragon honestly.
4	I love downtown Phoenix and how they've taken historic houses and made them into cute little restaurants and bars. Rose and crown is a perfect place to grab a few if you're waiting to get called into bianco. It's also great to meet up with girlfriends to play some pool. They have a good beer selection, and they make awesome bloody mary's at last call. I love coming here in the evening to sit out on the porch and sip a few beers. As I've never eaten here, I can't vouch for the food. I've heard it's the standard pub fare, but nothing to wow you over.
4	I am a big fan!  Every experience is a good one here!  I think the food is great, and the atmosphere is so warm and inviting.  I see a lot of reviews talking about bad service, but I, myself, have never experienced that.  If you go, order a black velvet with sliders and ask for Rachel.  You'll love your trip
5	was just in yesterday and saw they now offer sunday morning breakfast from 10a-3p for -- wait for it -- $2! eggs, hash browns, sausage, bacon and get a bloody mary on the side for -- wait for it -- $2!.yeah!
5	So we took our British friends here last weekend (I know, I know...it's like taking your Italian grandparents to Olive Garden) and totally had a great time.  It's pretty far from being a "british pub" though.  As someone else said, it is more of a frat house with a bar in the middle.  Sure they have a picture of the Queen and some football scarves up on the wall but really, what gives people?  Pool but no snooker, throwball on the TV but no football, and way too many American beers.  They did have Strongbow and Newcastle so our group was very happy.  I have to say, the best part is that the pool was free.  It's really hard to find a place with a free pool table and now that I've found one, I think I'll be going back more often.In any event, it was cleaner and more brightly lit than George & Dragon or Seamus so it gets extra points for me.  I also love the porch area where you can watch all of the idiots wait for Biancos.  Very nice.  Gotta go back and try the food!
5	This reminds me of my favorite bar in the world, Edison's. I like houses turned into bars. I felt like I was at my own house party playing Dio and Townes Van Zandt on the jukebox. The people that complained about this place have no legitimacy in their claims. Of course the beer is expensive, it isn't garbage beer. The service was fine. It was empty which made it nice. I had no idea it was a British bar.
4	Something about this place reminds me of house parties back in the day. This is a good thing, I realize that could be taken either way.Perfect spot for an early Autumn evening in Phoenix. Chilled outside on a bench and enjoyed a tasty rouge beer, conversation and watching the bean bags fly.I think beers on tap were 6ish which isn't cheap but I can't complain because I had the magic last name. They ran a special where if your last name started with "F" your beer was a quarter. I was impressed and I was truly happy with my last name at that moment.Staff is super friendly and attentive, crowd is super fun. I'll be back next time the weather's right.
5	5 stars because they brought onion rings back, you can order chicken strips off the kids menu, and I'm here every single Wednesday.
4	We pulled up to the Rose and Crown, Sara and me looked at each other and shrugged our shoulders and got out of the car. The place is an old house converted into a small restaurant. There is a large inviting porch with seats and heaters. At just inside the door there is a welcome station that doubles as a host area. We ordered our drinks from here and headed out onto the porch. I ordered a beer, a kilt lifter to be precise. Sara asked for the cheapest cabernet and she received a large glass sporting one third of the bottle. We both decided to order the pub platter, half an order of fish and chips and a bowl of New England clam chowder. The service was fast and sitting on the porch felt comfortable. The food was great the portions were good and the price was fabulous. The parking was easy, on Sunday right in front of the pub. Any other day the Rose and Crown will be a little mote difficult to get to. Bill total was less than $30 bucks a bargain for a cozy little hangout next to ASU.
4	I'm so not a 'pub & grub' kinda gal, but since this place saved me 2 times during a Science Center visit = pretty ok.  You can walk across from AZ Science and make this kid friendly pit stop in the middle of the day - i really am not familiar with anything else that 'now it's the parents turn' sorta thing close by.Fun pool table in 1 of the rooms.  Really good steak fries, fish and chips are good, and so is the french onion soup.  Since i am a wine drinker, this is not the place for wines by the glass, obviously it is a beer place, and me not being a beer drinker, not my cup of tea - ah~hem, pint that is....sooo, all-n-all a fun thing to do after sacrificing for the kids!
3	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):7 Food9 *Drinks*9 Service8 Atmosphere8 ValueOne of the few places I've found that serve Tetley's beer (best described as a blonde Guinness).  This place is well positioned for and caters well to the crowd waiting 3 hours for a table across the way at Pizzeria Bianco.  However, the west side flow of R&C was much better when they had the dartboard.  (They took over that space to extend the bar.)  I would have given the pre-renovation R&C an extra star  :(
4	I gotta admit I'm liking my barhops around central Phoenix, there's plenty of great bars to hang out at and the Rose and Crown is no exception. Last night, I was hanging with my friends M and L and I was craving a pint of pilsner and the grilled cheese with tomato soup at the Roosevelt but sadly due to the really cold weather... and we got to Roosevelt at around 11sh... it was crowded and there were no empty tables... so I told my lady friends that we should check out the Rose and Crown and I'm glad we did!Well... I could have gone to any bar like Lost Leaf or Carly's but I was also needing food... and I'm not sure what time the kitchen closes at Roosevelt either but found out the Rose and Crown pub, food ends at midnight. Loved the atmosphere,it's a converted house/cottage (very homey pun intended) with the front porch and the tables outside... too bad it was too cold, the heat lamps are great but I'd still be shivering (I was wearing a plaid shirt with a vest... yea not a good attire for the cold but I wanted to look good!). You step in and there's a bar straight ahead and you can either turn left to a pool table and another room with some tables, or right to a large room with a lone table and plenty of chairs with a flat screen and another room with a bar, three high tops and another nice flat screen. Service is prompt and the staff are friendly. Beer selection seems extensive but not as wide ranging as Roosevelt. I like that they ask how you like your snake bite understanding it's different in many places *nice touch*. The atmosphere is chill, laid back, you have a flat screen to enjoy a game. I ordered the fish and chips which were ordinary not bad though. And L got the grilled cheese which had tomato and bacon *yum*, she liked it. Both orders came with steak fries which were crunchy... not soggy... which is good. It's the pints that were good value... a pint of the sierra nevada celebration is like $3 and pint of snakebite is $5.50. so not bad at all. Overall I liked it and I will come back. see you again Rose and Crown.
4	Coming from Downtown Denver, i expect a hopping downtown scene and Phx has a lot to be desired.  (Its just far too segregated of a city and there are pockets of greatness, but vast expanses of useless nothing in between them which seems to make this a "must get in your car and drive" city.) That said, this was the first pub i visited when i moved into Downtown Phx, and i really loved it.  Great vibe... very cool space.  I love that the conversion of this old home into a pub makes the old rooms separate and gives each room its own identity.  Also, and quite importantly, they have a great beer selection.  It could be better, and in NY or Colorado i would probably bitch about this beer selection.  But given that AZ is pretty weak when it comes to craft brews, i was impressed with R&C.  I loved that they had Dogfish Head Punkin Ale in a bottle... i wish they had a bit more on tap, but i love that they at least knew what it was.  Also they had a 60 min IPA in a bottle... i hoped for a 90 min (knowing full well that a 120 min was totally out of the question.)  But again... 60 min Dogfish IPA in a bottle is awesome to find in a pub thats 3 blocks from my house.  I didnt eat the food, but anyone that is giving R&C a low rating because of the food is simply eating in the wrong place.  This isnt fine dining people... its bar food.  It looked as it should.  Jeezz..I will certainly be back.  A personal thanks to the owners for creating a great space with good beer, a good vibe and no "No Firearms" signs at the door.
4	This pub, across the street from Pizzeria Bianco, has a great, old-style pub feel. Nestled in an old house in Heritage Square, the service is prompt ad generally friendly. I went with friends for #dtfn, and while I only ordered drinks (Guinness, of course) I'm looking forward to going back soon to try the food.
5	I had been here once before for a few late night drinks and had a great time (Great beer and great service! Also great music playing!) After reading mixed reviews about the food I tried it one night. Two of us split the fish and chips, and it was more than enough food for both of us. SO GOOD, too! Not very "fried" tasting and not super heavy. Great food. Service was great, and environment was awesome. Live music saturday nights, as well. I will definitely be coming back here again, soon!
2	I had to revise my review - The Rose and Crown has revised their menu, and, my friends, it is not good. I love me some pub trivia - my husband and I have been going for several years, and it is just fun! The Rose and Crown has the potential for some quality pub trivia time, but the latest MC sucks. Slow, horrifyingly bad at reading the questions, slow. Slow. This would be redeemed by some decent food to keep us occupied, but alas, R & C's food is terrible. There is one single vegetarian option on the menu: Mixed greens with shredded cheese, terrible looking tomatoes, and cucumbers. The kind of salad that vegetarians make jokes about - seriously, R&C, you are mere blocks from the Downtown Phoenix Public Market, you have no excuses for the vegetable suckage. If you ask for a grilled cheese (which is NOT on the menu), it comes with bacon - and is super greasy and disgusting (even when you ask them to remake you one without the bacon). so, I am not really in a hurry to go back.
3	For those of us that work in the downtown area, this is a good place to stop for a drink after a long day in the office.  Sitting on the patio was nice. The service was okay. I was excited to try the sliders, but they were a little late getting to the table. By the time I did get them, I really liked the way the cucumber and tomato brought out the horseradish. It was great! They were a little light on the meat, but I was still happy. We also had some fries (or chips), onion rings, and wings; all were great!  I wasn't as impressed as I thought I'd be, but I will still go back!
3	First off, I love any business that takes an old house and turns it into something new so Rose and Crown gets a point before I even get there.When I did arrive, along with 4 other peeps, I was immediately impressed by it's charm. There are 4 rooms in the house with the bar in the middle. Two rooms have bar stools and high top tables, one room has regular tables, and one room has a pool table. Something for everyone! There are also many table outside on the big porch. The atmosphere is comfy, like you're hanging at a friend's house. A friend that happens to have built a bar in the middle of their house but whatever.My friends and I were there for trivia (Wednesday nights) so we settled in knowing we were going to be there awhile and ordered some dinner. The menu is what you'd expect - Shepard's Pie, Bangers and Mash and Fish and Chips. I opted for the Pub Plate with was a half order of fish and chips and a bowl of clam chowder. It turned out to be a very potato heavy choice. The plate was loaded with fries or chips as it were and the piece of fish was pretty big too. Even the bowl of soup was a decent size - bigger than a cup anyway. The chips were good - thick but done all the way through - nothing worse than undercooked fries. The fish was good but the breading on it was kinda weird. I'm used to it being kinda crispy and this was very bready. It had a consistency I was not expecting. The chowder was good but I didn't get many clams. Lots of potato. But it was pretty good, not amazing, but good.The trivia was fun but the trivia guy needs to figure out the sound and how to work his mic. At times he was hard to understand and when we played music in between questions it was SO loud that it was irritating and impossible to carry on a conversation. If we had not been there specifically for trivia it would have been really annoying.
4	Went yesterday as part of The Brides of March event(an incredibly fun time!)They were expecting us.There were a lot of us!We got there around 3 ish and stormed the place in a tsunami of white wedding gowns.At first I was concerned as the place was on the smaller side and there was already a bunch of partiers sporting green togas hanging out.Well,not only was there enough space in the various rooms inside,but the outside area was very relaxing,inviting and pleasant.The staff was great and managed to get everyone served quickly.I so wanted to take the painting of Malcolm Mc Dowell as Alex from "A Clockwork Orange "home with me.Fantastic Artwork,great atmosphere,amazing satff and a killer music selection.As I was sitting outside enjoying the weather,I noticed a long line of people waiting at someplace across the way.I asked someone who informed me that it was the infamous Pizzaria Bianco.And wasn't going to be open for about an hour at least!A Line?Halfway down the block?And the place ain't even open yet?Okay,the pizza may be good.It may be even really really good.But with all the options in Phoenix for food and you sheeple are going to stand in line...For a fucking slice of pizza???Yeah,just keep gawking at the folks across the way at Rose and Crown having a great time while you stand in your lame ass pizza line!I will go back to Rose and Crown another time when I'm not part of a group of 100 to sample the food.
4	I must say that we found this place by association to it's neighbor, Pizzeria Bianca.  WOW, SO glad we ended up here.  It was a comfortable evening we sat out on the porch with it full.  It really felt like a great hangout place.  Food, we had the Fish and Chips and they were great.  Their tartar sauce was unique but good.  Coleslaw was good as well. Beer selection, GREAT!  I'm from Seattle and we have MANY pubs that have at least 10 local brews on tap as well as some bigger brands.  These guys had some great local beers on tap as well as some great imports from England.  We had a Boddingtons, Newcastle Brown, and Four Peaks Heff and Kilt lifter!  If someone has good recommendations for good local area brews I'm all ears.  I would go again just to sit and watch the CRAZIES trying to wait 3-5+ hours for a table at the pizza hole across the way.
5	Made my first trip to the Rose & Crown last night and I can't wait to go back! I had a friend from out of town in Peoria on business and we were looking for a good place to meet in the middle. I suggested we check this place out since I heard good things. The Good - Beer selection. This place has a great selection between draft and bottles and the prices are not bad either. I also love the charm of the building. As previous reviews state, it has a large front patio/porch and a bar when you first walk in the door. Each of the 4 other rooms is unique and equally comfortable. We also did the trivia and unlike previous reviews, i thought it was fun and the MC was not dry at all. Park in the garage on Monroe and 6th st and you can get validated for cheap parking even on game nights. Also, if you are into waiting hours and hours for fancy pizza, this is your best place to wait at! The Bad: Coming down on a game night can have bad traffic and if you aren't aware that you can park for cheap with validation in the Monroe and 6th st garage, you may overpay for parking. If you stay late enough, the parking ends up being free! That's really the only negative thing I can think of and if you are reading this, you are now educated on where to park so you don't make the same mistake as me! Overall: I can't wait to go back!!
4	I have been here a few times now and I am proud to say that I wasn't because I was waiting 3 hours for pizza. [Ok, so I have not been to Pizzeria Bianco and I am still not convinced I need to go yet either, I challenge someone to convince me otherwise. :P] I enjoy meeting friends here or extending my walk home from work to take in a beverage or 2 here occasionally. I have yet to try the food here yet but it looks good and people seem to enjoy the traditional pub favorites. I enjoy the patio and the simple pub feel on the interior is way chill. Every time I have been there the service has been good even when they are a bit short staffed because their servers didn't show.  Very chill and far from pretentious (the only thing pretentious about this place are some of the patrons waiting 3 hours for pizza...lol).
4	Trivia on wednesdays is fun.  Ever changing menu gets old, because they never have your favorites.  Service is hit or miss.  They always place good music, and pour a good pint.
3	Went to Rose and Crown with the @downtownphoenix pub crawl.Nice place. A bit cramped in the front door/bar area, but once you get into the back rooms, it opens up a bit.I only had drinks, but the prices were quite reasonable.The outside area was infested with college-kid douchebags. That may not always be the case, but it certainly was that night.I have definitely wanted to visit this pub, and I am looking forward to going on a less douche-filled night.I will be back.
4	Not bad. Had a couple pints of Fullers and a burger. The place is pretty cool but more a pub on name than reality. All though I did give them an extra star for having a Manchester United flag hanging inside. Food was decent a so was the service. I'd drop in next time I'm around.
5	By far my favorite Pub in Phoenix! Small warm atmosphere, Friendly staff, Great Food, great drinks. One of those places that you meet a new friend every time you go! 6 Stars and 3 thumbs up!!
4	The first day of our visit we searched out The Rose and Crown, English Pub.  When I had presearched before our trip out here, I saw that they had Scotch Eggs.... mmmmm one of MY favorites!!Well we got to the Pub, and I didn't know that it was "Trivia Night".  The place was packed... the only seating was outside, and even though it was in the early evening it was still HOT.  We were disapointed but decided to go ahead and sit outside at one of the picnic tables with the umbrellas.  We found one under one of the "water misters" (which we really appreciated) and it turns out that we were very comfortable and enjoyed the evening.It turns out that, they were out of Scotch Eggs... we were told by the staff that they are very popular and sell out quickly...mmmmm  I would think if they are that popular and sell out that quickly I would be sure to make more... and have plenty on hand. (Just a thought to management)Disappointed about that, we were still happy with our meals.  I decided to try the Shepherds Pie.  It was very good, with LOTS of meat and potato... found some greenbeans in the bottom, but didn't notice too much of any other vegetables in it.  Asparagus was on the side (and stayed there.... ;)The selection of beer was basically endless, however don't look for Yuengling beer, as it isn't there.  But you won't be dissapointed in the selection.  You'll find something you like.I would recommend that you check this place out.  You might call ahead to make sure there isn't anything going on that will keep you from being inside.  Speaking of which, we never got past the entry hallway area on the inside.  From what I could see it looked like it could be a great place to hang out.  Guess I'll find out on another trip.Cheers!!
1	We decided to check out this place for a drink or 2 while waiting for Bianco.  Eh...the inside was so hot..they couldn't find the remotes to the ceiling fans, (really?). My husband got a draft beet and I went with bottled, both were room temp. We gave them another chance or ordered another round, both were warm again.  The limes for my beer were crusty and gross.  I didn't even want to think about eating here if they can't keep the beer cold what is the cooler like?Next time we are waiting at Bianco we will stay at Bar Bianco where the keep the beer cold!
4	My group stumbled in here a bit after 10pm last Saturday night during a light rail pub crawl.  We forgot to stop somewhere for dinner and we were starving.  After searching the streets of downtown Phoenix for a suitable place, we found ourselves by the still-crowded Pizzeria Bianco.  I knew it was a few minutes after 10pm and the place was "closed" but I pleaded with the hostess to let us in for a quick pizza to no avail.  So, after walking a few steps, we found ourselves at The Rose and Crown which to our surprise was still serving food.  As an added bonus it was some sort of 80's night and everyone but us was dressed in 80's gear.  We all just popped our collars and tried to fit in.  It was a real random mix of people there but they were all friendly.Anyway, we ordered up a few pints and a bunch of artery clogging bar food.  We were also lucky enough to score a nice table in one of the rooms.  And in regard to one of the Yelp posts on here, no, they still have not found the remote to the giant fan in that room.  It was so friggin hot and that fan would have been amazing.We ordered some fries, chicken wings, and potato skins and everything was 'eh.  I didn't think it was very good bar food.  Pretty bland.  HOWEVER, it did come very quick somehow.  I also remember that the jalapenos they put on some of the stuff were hot as heck so watch out.  Anyway, it was quick and hit the spot so we were happy.The place itself is pretty neat.  It is just an old house with a bar in the middle.  There is seating inside and out.  The place is pretty chill but nothing too spectacular.  I'm not sure I'll rush back but it is definitely worth a stop if you are in the area.
3	I enjoyed this place, it's a nice little Brit themed pub that has a huge selection of reasonably priced import brews. The decor inside is very comfortable, and inviting; big leather chairs, billiard table, the works.The outdoor seating is sprawling and should def be taken advantage of in cooler months.The bar tenders are good looking and savy, they're know their beer.Why the 3 star rating?well........idkmaybe;it's because i felt like a labour party member attending a meeting for the tories. maybe;it's because my loyalities lay w/ the George and Dragon. maybe;it's because the walk there was a little confusing and the heat had addled my brainall in all an "A-OK" place but, according to me, definitly not "whoohoo! as good as it gets!"
3	The beer selection is a bit mainstream British but it's good.  The fish and chips were rad and the building is incredible.  The only thing that I really don't like is that it's in Heritage Square and I have to look at all the fools who think that waiting 8 hours for a shitty pizza is cool.
4	Great beer, really good food and no wait.Ok yes it was noon on a Sat but that can be hard to findany day of the week, at any time.
4	This is in a great location in central phoenix near the light rail and Heritage Square. It is a smaller British themed pub. My girlfriend and I stopped in on a Sunday to partake in an afternoon of football and drinks. It was a great balance for us since I enjoy the fruitier, lighter drinks like the $3 mimosa's, while my girlfriend sipped on the reasonably priced import brews. Inside it was sectioned into 4 different areas to include two bar style seating areas, a game room of sorts and a dinning room all centered around T.V.'s. It was great for watching the game we went to watch and keeping tabs of the other teams playing. The staff was accommodating and changed the T.V. to one of the less popular games at our request. I sunk into a big leather chair near a window facing the outdoor area of the pub. There was outdoor games and BBQ in celebration of the afternoon games. While I'm not really a football fan, the staff and atmosphere made my afternoon not only bearable, but enjoyable!
2	if i could give this 2.5 stars i would...just because of the bar staff. they were great and attentive, even though it was extremely busy. first time there tonight, after participating in the zombie walk we went over there for some beer/food. i have never been here before and only heard good things. we show up, get our beers and waiting around for a little bit before getting a table. no problems at the bar area, even though we had to wait a few minutes that wasnt a problem. the bartenders were extremely nice, and moved the line quickly. the beer selection was good, and i have no complaints about the price.find a table and sit down to get some more beers and order some food. now those of you that have been there before know its a small place. the room we sat in only had 4 tables. there was a menu sitting on the table already so we all decided what we wanted before our waiter came to us....which never happen.i know they were busy, and i wasn't expecting super fast service. but when you are the only waiter in the room, and there are only 4 tables you would think someone would notice when there are new people. when we sat down only 1 of the tables was occupied, leaving 3 unoccupied. 45 minutes later our waiter still has not come to acknowledge us. as the other tables filled up he came to all of theirs first and never to us. people got their food, ate and left. when a new group would sit down he would go directly towards them and ask them what they needed etc. finally someone in my group had to yell to get his attention "hey! can we order something?" at this point he finally turned around and said "ok what would you like"....really? 45 minutes to an hour later and after making eye contact with me multiple times, walking in and out of the room at least 20 times, serving/asking all the other tables your finally ready? unacceptable. we finally get our food and beers that we ordered. no real complaints about the food...i really didnt care at this point. when we asked for our bill then he was prompt to get it. i paid cash and my other friends paid with their debit cards. i needed change....after explaining to him which items were mine, and how i wanted change he wandered off and returned. 2 debit cards/receipts later....and no change for me. i got up from the table, and asked him where my change was "oh you wanted your change back?"...."yes i did..."...reached into his pocket and gave it back to me. never had that happen to me before. rose and crown...i really want to like you. i hope i will come back sometime, maybe not for food unless you get a better wait staff. busy or not its pretty bad when your waiter completely ignores a group of customers for no reason.
4	OK, not knowing what to expect when walking up to the RC when I saw a courtyard full of people mulling around, I thought a relaxed, quiet meal was shot to hell! Lucky for us, all the peeps walking around (seeming "Zombie-like") were waiting on Pizzeria Bianco, the Pizza place across the way!  OK Back to the review of RC.. I have to agree with Francis L.. Good sliders, fish was below average BUT the Wedge Fries are awesome!! The fish itself was OK, but the breading was watery as if steamed from the inside! I was totally bummed because It had a good flavor.. but was inedible! The 'Tartar' sauce was another huge hit! not a creamy sauce but liquidy with tons of Cucumber chunks... The Onion Rings are worth a try.. and they have a nice Horseradish- ranch sauce.We sat inside, nice decor... you gotta like the English Pub look which is fine by me! We'll be back for sure!!Nutshell- Nice Bar menu, good bar food- GREAT drinks!! Great people watching spots from front porch area... Defiantly worth repeat visits!
4	The Rose and Crown is the bar I have most frequented save for Amsterdam in Phoenix.  Unlike Amsterdam, R&C is very versatile.  The Rose and Crown is best on Sunday mornings or Wednesday evenings.  Sundays they serve a hearty $3 breakfast (potatoes, eggs, toast, bacon and sausage) and $3 mimosas and bloody marys.  Wednesday they do team trivia and it is always a good time.  Just make sure that I am not there because my team almost always wins.The bar is a cool spot overall with fun outdoor and indoor seating, a pool table, and come St. Paddy's day, a great festival.The fish and chips are pretty tasty, but the rest of the food is just standard bar fare.  In fact, the menu is a bit limited in my opinion.  They do have lots of beer on tap and there are some great happy hour specials.The parking looks to be a mess, but since I live close enough to walk, I have never had to figure that conundrum out.
5	Thanks to the excellent service of Kimmy (gosh i hope i spelled that right!) and the several return trips i've made here since my last review I'm gonna go ahead and dish out 5 starsyeah yeah yeah"But Robert, the majority of your reviews are tending towards the 5 star rating!""well detractor, I just happen to frequent kick ass places, so f#ck you next question!"
5	Love the atmosphere.  Looks like an old house converted to an English Pub.  Fish an chips are excellent!  Overall, great feel, good food!  Worth the trip.  One other plus is the owners.  Don and Kori are two amazing people who actively get involved with their guest to ensure the best of experiences!
3	Went there to drink and we were brought there by a free bus that takes patrons around to the bars (the bars most likely pay for this service). It has quite a lot of character and the place is in such a beautiful area. We were able to play a round of pool virtually unmolested. It was also a strange mix of people there but we still enjoyed ourselves.
4	In the weird, desolateness that is this area of Phoenix, there's this small little block with cute restaurants and bars.  We wandered in on New Year's Day and were pleased to see that they were open.  We ordered beer and easily settled into hanging out here for quite a while. The waitress was friendly and helpful and even agreed to turn off the football game and crank up the tunes.  We had the sausage roll, which was awesome with the beer.Made me wish I could transport this place to SF.
4	Dope joint... Kind of reminds me of drinking in my brother's frat house when I was thirteen. Not the crowd mind you, but the setup of the structure.Beers was good (you have to read that with a redneck accent) but they were out of Fullers... Poor ordering or is it just that popular here? In any case, give it a look because its anything but ordinary.
1	Don't ever eat here. I'll never go back. It only got one star specifically because it did serve me food and drink. Unfortunately, the service was horrible (and i'm a server) - and it took over 1.5 hours for us to get four sandwiches. We got no explanation and no apology. We were only able to get one beer refill during that period of time. And for four people, our bill ended up being a ridiculous amount of money! Don't do it...you'll hate yourself after wards.  I'm pretty sure everyone else giving it five stars must be sleeping with someone that works there.
1	Worst, slow service ever....especially with almost no one in the place. Food was average at best and thats being kind. Skip it if you are looking to eat or get a drink.Just an update: I (as well as a friend who wrote a review of the day) were contacted (I didn't see my message until today oops) and offered refunds and gift certificates. Now this seems all well and fine-I do appreciate them trying to make the most of the situation-but my friend is still waiting for a refund and/or certificate. So we shall see. If I could take away my star for more non-service then I would.
4	Oh the British. They are so nerdy, but this place is a great place to grab some delicious food! I love these old houses-turned restaurant; it makes for a cozy setting. I could even go as far as saying, you'd get a different feeling or experience every time you went, if you sat in a different spot (good stuff, not bad). When I experienced R/C it was on a Saturday afternoon, and it was pretty disappointing to find they only had 2 servers and 2 or 3 kitchen staff. So basically they were slow to take our order, and then the food wait was about 30 minutes behind too. Luckily, Travis and I weren't in too much of a rush, but we did spend a lot of time there. I got their Turkey bacon sandwich with avocado and pesto mayo - OMG! It was amazing. Their wedge fries - also delicious! I will definitely come back for seconds and hope you enjoy it as much as I did!
1	POOR SERVICE.It was busy for a Saturday I guess -- the Body World exhibit had just opened and no other restaurant in the area was open. They had 1 bartender on staff and 2 servers it seemed. They did not do a good job of managing their time. One of the servers, a short Asian girl, seemed to keep telling people that they were short staffed and really busy. She seemed to be more flustered than anything else. She could have taken a moment to gather herself and just roll with it. I just asked for a soda, and as she was putting ice in the cup, I told her I didn't need that much ice in it, to which she replied "It will melt."What a fucking bitch! Are you serious? Did you just speak that way to a customer? She's definitely in the wrong industry and I hope she's one of the college students there that's going to graduate and get a job in a sector that doesn't involve people -- like Astrophysics or Botany. She was definitely not a people person.The other gentleman there seemed to be busing tables and running around, making drinks etc. He seemed pleasant enough.Another server, a young white girl, was pretty keen on the needs of the customers -- why couldn't we get her? I don't know. She seemed to not be that stressed and was taking things in stride, albeit taking her sweet time as well.Overall, VERY poor service. I kind of want to write the owner and tell them how much their waitstaff sucks. I just might.
1	Decent food, bad service, dirty bathroom and chairs that fall apartWe decided to go here because it's right next to the museum but will never go back.The service was bad, it looked like they didn't have enough servers on to handle the amount of tables. We never got drink refills and eventually ended up going to the bar to get them even though we had asked the server for them but he never brought any.The picnic table we sat at was unstable and I was afraid the entire time we were there that the bench was going to break at any second. The table next to us ended up falling through their chair though, luckily no one was hurt.The food was alright but, not good enough to go back for a second time. My boyfriend complained about the dirty bathroom. If he complained about it, it was bad!I suggest going down the street to find something better, anything will be better than here.
3	In theory I love Rose & Crown: Good people, good beer, good location, etc. But sometimes they fail the service test, albeit unintentionally, due to staff and space challenges.When it's not packed and I can enjoy steady service from the pool room or out on the porch, life is just about perfect. However, if I'm jammed inside with 100 other people vying for the same bartender's attention, I kinda want to take my ball and go home.So when you go to Rose & Crown, which I enthusiastically suggest you do, temper your expectations based on how busy it is. All that said the food is dependable, the beer selection is legit, and it's an ideal place to check out a weekend soccer match or even Sunday NFL football.
4	It's a neighborhood British pub, people. Nothing more, nothing less, and for this I love it. The food is predictably tasty, with especially delicious onion rings. Their BBQ sauce is tangy/spicy perfection. The beer and wine selection is, again, predictable but perfectly adequate. I have never once had bad service here, and in fact everyone who works there seems pretty rad, genuinely cool. Whenever I come here, I invariably run into someone I know - like frigging Cheers. Who can complain?Minus part of a star because veggie options are limited (not that I'm completely complaining when I'm in the mood for a greasy grilled cheese) and it's one of those places where people think it's okay to bring children. It's a BAR.
4	started going there from the beginning, i wish they would have more of their costume parties, those are always grand if you know the owners tell them i can help market this place is dope
4	Due to my goof (okay, I admit I was late to try and grab a table at Bianco's and the wait ended up being 3+ hours, we had time to kill.  The food at the bar next to Bianco's wasn't going to cut it, especially with two hungry boys in tow.  We decided to pop on over to Rose and Crown for a few beers and some cheesy fries.  One of the beers ended up being only 25 cents due to the fact that our friend's last name began with a "D", they run this special and change the last name often so that it always is a random surprise.  Another great thing, we went on a Wednesday night and it was team trivia night.  While we didn't do so hot on the trivia, the beers and fun made the way for Bianco's fly by. The food is pub food and we didn't want to fill up so we got some cheese fries mostly to soak up some of the Boddingtons.  Overall, it helped to contribute to a great night and helped put folks in a better mood to overlook my mess up on Bianco's.
4	We went to the Science Center for their body exhibit and then walked around to find something to eat. We chose The Rose and Crown because it was close, not too fancy and the music pouring out was great. We ate out on the beautiful porch of this amazing house and although we don't drink, we were welcomed and enjoyed the experience. I asked the waiter for his dinner suggestion and went with it (fish and chips), my husband ordered the shepherds pie. Both were quite delicious. I even took the time to use the restroom and to see the inside of the restaurant and enjoyed the ambiance throughout the pub. I will definitely be back with friends to enjoy again.
4	I love this place; and it has to do with more than just having a blast every Wednesday night for Team Trivia (aka QUIZ NIGHT!).The food is good, not great, prices are very reasonable, but I LOVE the beer selection.  I have been able to have Oaked Arrogant Bastard, Dave's Pale Ale, Dogfish Head's Raison D'etre, and all at reasonable prices!  The staff can always offer a good suggestion if you are willing to try something new (to drink).The english pub interior/intimacy, and the staff, are great.  So far has been the most enjoyable pub we have been to since moving to Arizona. It is one of those places where the pub is a perfect setting for good friends to catch up and have a drink; they (the staff) don't try to entertain you, that is left up to you (which to me is a good thing).The only, occasional drawback, is the Pizzeria Bianco crowd.  Since the restaurant is just across the courtyard from the R&C, and it always seems to have a multiple hour wait, you will have issues on occasion getting a chair because of people who are only there until their table is ready.
1	I am giving this place one star because apparently you cannot leave a "zero star". First off, I must assume that the good reviews for this place are due to the fact that most people in Arizona aren't familiar with authentic "Pub Grub". Therefore, I forgive my foodie brethren from the Grand Canyon State.We arrived here on a Sunday night while visiting family in AZ to eat at Bianco's, only to find that it was closed. Seeing a "British Pub" across the street, my wife and I decided to try it out since we are avid fans of British food.We stood at the entrance for about 5 minutes as the waitress chatted with patrons at the bar. She finally saw us and we were seated. I ordered a bottled beer, and it arrived with no glass. I requested one, and she returned with a hot beer glass straight out of the dish washer. As any beer advocate can attest, you don't want a hot glass for your beer (or an ice cold one for that matter, unless of course you are drinking a lager, but I digress.) My wife ordered the french onion soup, and I the Fish and Chips, since no Pub is Worth its weight in ale if it can't produce adequate Fish and Chips; for it is a Brit Pub staple and I judge all Pubs by their Fish and Chips. After what seemed like an eternity, our food arrived, and it was definitely not worth the wait. My wife took once sip of her soup and said "this is Lipton's instant soup mix." She called the waitress and asked if it was "Lipton's french soup mix" and the waitress replied with "I don't know." My wife requested that she ask the chef, and the waitress returned and confirmed that it was indeed "Lipton's French Soup Mix." We requested that it be taken off our bill. Now for the real dagger in my foodie heart. I looked at my "Fish and Chips" only to find a burned brown piece of batter, dripping of stale deep fryer oil, and potato wedges. Not English chips, potato wedges, like the frozen wedges one can buy at the store. I attempted to take a bite of the fish, and oil dripped down my hand and arm, and a pool of rancid oil filled my plate. The fish batter was burnt and tasteless, and somewhere inside it was a piece of fish (I didn't bother looking for it). I called the waitress back and expressed my grievances of its lack of authenticity as well as its burned and greasy state. Her response? "Well, it is deep fried" she said in a sarcastic tone. I explained that I understood that, but deep frying to the point that oil is dripping down my arms and pooling on my plate is not acceptable, not to mention by the smell that the oil was in dire need of changing. I then asked if the owner was British, because I could not fathom any Brit allowing such culinary atrocities.  Her response was again, in a dull sarcastic tone, "No, but the owner's Mother-in-law is." She later returned to apologize and stated that the low quality was due to lack of business. How one attempts to stay in business by lowering quality standards is beyond my comprehension. Suffice to say we paid for the beer and left and will never return here again.
4	This place is so cool! I love the atmosphere, it was like walking into a big house party. We sat outside on the big beautiful porch, I love the general seating, just grab a menu and have a seat! Delicious beer selection and foods you won't find just anywhere. The scotch eggs are probably the most unique thing I've had there, very yummy.
3	I've been to the Rose and Crown a handful of times, usually after improv events, as it seems to be the go to place. Never have I sat inside, which is always an indicator to me that a place is worthy of repeat visits. Patios are in... indoors are out!The selection is typical pub, and always has something I want, but I do always get sad face when a place doesn't carry ginger ale. Ginger ale is not only easy to make (and no, I'm not referring to the fake make it with coke way.. WTF is that?) but a fantastic mixer with all types of alcohol. If you want a good place to socialize that's kinda crazy but not too crazy, this is a great choice!
5	As soon as I walked in I was in love. This bar made me feel like I was back home, with all of the original wood work and the smell of an old house. That may not be a draw for all but I miss the feeling of experiencing something historical; that is hard to find in Phoenix. The bar staff were chatty and friendly, food was good and the beer selection was pretty great, too.  I'll be going back again soon for the English breakfast and Bloody Mary Sunday
5	My favorite place to hang out in Phoenix.  Great beer, traditional fair, great wait staff.  Love to hang out on the patio on a warm evening eating shepherd pie and drinking a bitter.
4	Sat on the deck on a beautiful, sunny day and fed the cat.  She wasn't a fan of the onion rings - but my wife and I thoroughly enjoyed these! The Horseradish/ranch dip is amazing!A couple of lemonade to wash it all down....a nice snack in the afternoon.Can't give a 5 star - didn't really sit long enough or try enough variety to rate any higher. Would visit again.
1	I'm in town for business and The Rose and Crown was very close to my hotel. I didn't find it the first night, so I was very excited on the second night to try it out (I love British pubs after all).The pub is a converted old house, with the various rooms serving as dining room and bar area. The place had a lot of potential from the very minute you walk in.But then the fiasco that is "service" came crashing down on the remainder of the evening. I have weighing the prospect of what it would mean to replace servers with robots. Sure I would miss the great servers, but I would also miss the piss-poor ones too (tough choice).I ordered the Ploughman's, a cheese, cracker, bread and fruit plate with a half order of Scotch egg - I lord how I love Scotch eggs and I told the bartender so. My bartender took my order and another one delivered it without a word about how they were out of Scotch eggs. I asked, as I should about the missing delight and they simply said they were out and offered me a banger instead. I explained that the Scotch egg was the whole reason I ordered the plate in the first place and I got a blank stare. I lost out on the best part of the meal and I barely got so much as an apology. After that, both bartenders basically ignored me the rest of the time I was there, including having to watch as they both carried on conversations with various individuals while I attempted several times to request another cider. When the bill came, of course they charged me full price for the Ploughman's.When I discovered this Asian restaurant next door that was cooking outdoors on the grill with a live band (oh the smell was wonderful), I immediately got a case of buyer's remorse. Stay away from this tragedy - they got better British pubs in BF Egypt.
1	The Rose and Crown and I used to have something special. I would arrive, have a nice glass of wine and relax on the patio. Maybe my perspective back in the day was jaded by some lovely evenings with a cool breeze and great conversations- therefore not noticing what was actually going on around me. Well- this was all shattered last night. So listen up management as I would hate for this bar with so much potential to come to a close due to a multitude of fixable issues. Especially in downtown, as I am a huge fan of the area and root for the businesses here... If they give a small ditch effort for me to do so. Whew, onto the nitty gritty. We walk into quite the scene of disorganization. We had a large group so didn't mind waiting for a table. Hubs and I wait on the lower deck as my brother and his gf sit upper deck so we can grab a table (no list to be sat, etc). We hover by a tree and talk to another nice couple having a drink waiting for a table at Bianco. A waitress (I'm feeling nice so she shall remain nameless) walks by and says "it's busy and you are in my way...haha... But really I'm not kidding". Um WTF!? Where would you like us to go? The planter? (and yes we did stand in the planter and now my shiny white shoes for the summer are covered in dirt and scuffed up). So while standing in the planter we notice some tables to the side of the patio. Long bench tables and ask about them. We are told they are "broken". Well freaking fix them or move them then! What a ton of lost business by not throwing a few more seats out there. About an hour later we finally get a seat. Now mind you, I still have not had a drink as neither server who knew we were waiting for a table offered one. That's again, money lost management, as in this hour I would have at least had two. So Ms. Friendly "get out of my way" ends up being our server. She obviously hated her job. She was slow, rolled her eyes at bringing us water (sorry it's a freaking 100 degrees outside), and obviously just wanted to go home. To add to this not so awesome experience we sit on the bench of the table and it breaks. Now mind you, we are not overly large people by any means. So we figure out some seating plan where no one gets stabbed in the ass with a wood sliver by balancing our weight. What does our server say? "Oh yeah, that table is broken". (Thanks for the heads up) I get a glass of 13 dollar wine in (yep, and I think it was Glen Ellen) and think to myself I will just make the best of this. I go in and ask if they have dessert. I'm told no, they are out.. I ask if they have anything that might be sweet or somewhat resemble a dessert. No. It's my brother's birthday and I think everyone should have a birthday dessert or something to make it special. Rose and Crown apparently doesn't think so. If I could give them 0 stars I would. I guess they can have the mandatory one star for the cute kitty that was playing around in the back that they feed and care for. Hope that little kitty doesn't like dessert! :) Steer clear until these issues are fixed unless you like piss poor service, falling on the ground, dirty feet, and overpriced drinks.
4	So you're hearing from your SO that they want a burger, and you just want a beer without the usual sports bar fare, but something genuinely tasty? Yeah, here's your spot. If you've been lucky enough to go to England and eat in a Pub, you'll agree that this is the best reproduction you can get in town. Fish and chips are still the best, don't be shy with the malt vinegar. Cole slaw is also the real deal. Leave the weight watchers points counting at home though as you won't really enjoy the true experience.
3	A special thank you to ownership of this establishment for following up to improve the service provided. I'm certainly not here to raise havoc or land some free meal or refund. My goal is to honestly rate my experiences and help improve service (if needed) so places can learn and thrive. Thanks for reading and taking an interest in your customers, and working to resolve issues that were not up to the potential I know you have.
4	Always quality +Great food
4	I love this little pub. I love it for it's location / proximity to the ballpark and within walking distance to other establishments. I love this place for it's quaint-ness and the fact that as soon as you walk like 4 feet through the doorway, you can order a beverage. I love this place for the simple fact that it was one of the first bars/pubs I went to with friends when I first moved here (insert nostalgia). I love the beer selection (local brew on tap) + half off burger Mondays + $3 breakfasts after 10 on Sunday (also bloody marys and mimosas for the same price).My only complaint is directed at myself for not being available to go to the Rose and Crown every Sunday morning!!
4	Almost a five star bar but I'm a beer snob, but more on that in a bit.There is something to be said about a good bar (haha, get it? Goodbar).The kind if place where you can toss back some cold ones with people that are fun. The conversationalist. The cute girl who is bubbly and has something interesting to say. Your wingman. And of course, if she's in town, your best friend lady. The Rose and Crown is the place where you should hang out with all of them. I popped in here to get myself a little sauces up before the Yelp Eats UYE, which was next door at Nobuo. Immediately, the absolutely adorable bartender Kim, came up and promptly took my drink order and made me feel welcome. I'd probably have made more conversation with her but other patrons showed up. Sounds like this is an interesting place.It's similar to Nobuo in that it's a historic house and laid out as such. A little musty, but quaint, yet awesome. Very English. You'll see images of Benny Hill and James Bond. This place is badass like that.Ok, the beer was slightly piss warm and flat. Something was clearly wrong with the draft line. I know a little something or two about the mechanics of it because fun fact...I've built a draft system before.I don't mind. I'll stick to hard liquor next time. I loved the vibe so much. This is the perfect place to get hosed.
4	I have to say the main reason my friends and I make this a regular stop on our weekly happy hour circuit is Kirstin (the waitress with the yellow shock of hair). She was our waitress our first group visit and she was excellent in helping us navigate the beer/drink menu and order enough food. Our glasses were never empty and she always had a smile and a fun comment for the table. We all enjoyed her thoroughly and have since come back to the Rose and Crown for her alone.Because after all, this bar is not easy to access. It costs money to park in the garage. The food is just okay and the drinks are a tad expensive. What we like is the service and the atmosphere, and my group of 8-10 friends will continue to come here as long as Kristin is working. Ask for Kirstin when you go there. She'll make you laugh and your visit will be great.
5	I love the Rose and Crown. The people who work there are always friendly, even though we tend to be an obnoxious group. Kristin is pretty funny and always stops to chat. Since I'm a wuss and don't like regular beer, I was really excited when I found out they serve Strongbow. In the morning, they have $3 mimosas. And who can turn down $3 mimosas?
4	A couple of friends and I went because of all the hype. I like the eclectic feel of the pub and the atmosphere. I give them the them two thumbs up for variety of beers on tap. At the same time, it wasn't too busy and just about every table inside needed to have bottles removed. I ended up having to put bottles and glasses from one table to another just to be able to sit down. This is one step ahead of George and Dragon for getting the booze just not cleaning up. I'm excited to go back and try the food!
4	Great rotating beer menu, good service and a cool as hell place to hang out.
5	I've lived in CA for over a year now, and let me tell you, I miss this place like no other place in Phoenix.  This place came a long way from it's inception.  This is my first stop when I come to to the PHX. Nothing beats the Sheppard Pie (George and Dragon used to be my favorite).  The fresh shaved meet, along with the mash potatoes and sauce is the absolute bomb.  The fish and chips are crazy good too, yet I wish it came with a more traditional tartar sauce, eh, 5 STARS ANYWAY!!!  Everything else is pretty damn good too.  Always a great beer and scotch selection as well.  And everything from the company sponsored pub crawls and special event parties are an absolute blast.  I've also noticed that this place gets the hottest girls in town as well.  Always full of ASU or local working business women.  If you are out to seek or just to look at gorgeous women, then this is the place to be.  Unlike many downtown businesses of the like that have tried and went under, this place is still afloat and apparently improving every time.  So I'd really like to see this place continue to succeed.  Never a bad moment, always a great time full of laughter.  I bet they can't wait til the BB KING, comes to town for a little BB Action at the crown ;-)
3	Interesting bar housed inside of a old, yet slightly renovated, house. The whole street is barred off to vehicle access- historic neighborhood. It's worth parking in the garage and checking out this portion of historical Phoenix. There's a whole bunch of quirky lil shops, restaurants, and bars housed in these 19th? century homes.Decent bloody mary's. Unique appetizers. Divided bar which adds some privacy or awkwardness to your experience.It's just a little uncomfortable because it's so obvious it used to be an old house.... but I guess they call that "charming" right? ;)
3	I was staying in downtown Phoenix for a conference, and was really in the mood for some bangers & mash. Got to an almost empty R&C on a weekday evening, no bangers available despite the menu. Ordered a burger, and it came out pretty raw (not rare) on the inside. Finally had some other pub item which was okay. The barkeep felt so bad, that the meal (& ale) were on the house. I left a decent tip, but would probably not go out of my way to go back, if ever in the downtown PHX area again.
5	This is absolutely the best pub in Phoenix! The entire staff is wonderful, the beer selection is awesome and it changes, the prices are reasonable, and the atmosphere is perfect. If you're like me and sometimes yo just need to not be in phoenix go to the rose and crown, it almost make you feel like you live in a real city
4	When you think of a pub, you don't really envision the way the Rose and Crown is being in an old house. It works though!I had my first visit to the Rose and Crown before a baseball game this past weekend and had a good time. . There is a wide selection of beers both tap and bottle to choose from. You should be able to find your pub favorites as well as some other local flavors.The staff was very friendly and attentive..After my friend ordered the bangers and mash, I regretted already eating lunch. I was this close to ordering a plate even though I was full. The food looked that good.The place isn't too big inside and was pretty crowded by the time I left.. There is space outside as well. I'm sure it's a cool place to have a drink when it's not 100 plus degrees outside.
4	One of my favorite spots in PHX. Spent many a night here playing Cornhole (Or Bag-O... or whatever the hell else people call it). The brew selection keeps me interested, the people are usually cool here. I really like the historic building too. It's a great time. Never had a hard time getting a drink either.
2	if it weren't for the decent beer selection, (second visit here and i had S.T. Count Hopula and Stone Smoked [vanilla] Porter) this place would get 1 star. We had dang near the worst service in all the 32 years i have lived in Phx. being that there were only 2 other customers besides our party, on a Saturday @ lunch hour, the service was unacceptable. all the time it took and hassle from the kitchen about fish and chips resulted in a $13 plate of food that was worth about $4. I would have seriously considered a Big Mac if foresight were applicable.. it was that bad. anyway, stop in to quaff a beer if you're on the way to another spot, but dont come here with the exclusive intention of having a good time. chances are, it will elude you. as one reviewer claimed, there are better English Pubs in BF Egypt. He could very well be right.
2	When Trusty Pal Mikey mentioned that this place had won Best Fish in Chips in the Valley at some point in the recent past, it was time to jump into the car and head on downtown for sustenance. Arriving at the restaurant was kind of anti-climatic as on a Monday night during football there didn't seem to be a lot going on (except for a pretty cool DirecTV trailer showing the game which was a nice touch)There were several tables of mostly intoxicated patrons, to be expected of a bar/pub during a sporting event but the guy sitting ON the table next to ours stretched out in Cincinnati Bengals gear should probably have been asked to call it a night.It took a while to get a server to clean some unidentified stickiness off of our table, bring menus and take a drink order and about then the table next to ours got LOUDER w/the addition of an off-duty server (confirmed by asking our server) wearing a Rose & Crown shirt and another woman identified as "the girlfriend of one of the owners."Loud, rowdy, employees enthusiastically dropping F-bombs didn't make for the best dining atmosphere.  Fail there.Then the starters arrived...The Sausage roll was mostly cold, the puff pastry which should have been light and flakey was gooey and undercooked although the pickle relish condiment was delicious.The Scotch egg was served cold (the server confirmed this was as intended) which seemed odd to me as I've always had them hot (the British version), the flavor was good but the texture of cold sausage just didn't work for me (this is a personal preference not a knock on their version).The Fish & Chips Main arrived and I must say, the Chips were superb, well cooked and just the right size.  Then things went a bit pear shaped.  The fish, while piping hot was EXTREMELY greasy and devoid of seasoning.  Luckily the homemade tartar sauce was tasty (though the size of the pickles prevented dipping). I LOVE a good order of Fish and Chips but was sadly underwhelmed by the offering here and was forced to grab something on the way home to satisfy my hunger.(note:  The table next to us was joined by a patrons Dalmatian and even though we were on the patio, there are just some places that just aren't appropriate for the little furry people.  He was nice enough to lick my leg a few times during dinner though)  For future fish & chips fixes I will save the 40mile round trip and get it closer to home, very sad that this wasn't as good as i'd hoped it would be.
4	Fun dive bar.
5	Awesome place. We loved the atmosphere, not much beats an old house converted into a bar...complete with a live band on the front porch when you walk in! Bartenders were pretty swamped, but managed to pull off tasty drinks pretty fast! Very diverse crowd, looked mostly post grad age, everyone was having a good time, and it seemed like thats what it's probably like every night.
1	Pains me to write a bad review for a place that i think can succeed but gets in its own way.  We headed here after a trip to the science center. The science center was great fun but our experience here was not very good.  I first ordered the burger which is usually a safe bet.  My waitress comes back and tells me they are out of burgers.  This was 1pm on Monday after the new year mind you.  Then I say I will have the steak sliders, nope out of those too.  Finally settle on Fish and Chips which were ok.  The fish was fresh but was not seasoned at all.  Chips were bag frozen so not much to expect.  Apparently the kitchen was shut down later due to lack running out of food and the place was actually turning away business.  The service was ok but really had to make up for the lack of the kitchens ability.This is a bar and should probably stay away from serving food at all.  Judging by the other reviews this is a usual occurrence sadly.
3	British pubs aren't my favorite places to eat, since I am a vegetarian (who eats fish occasionally), but this place was pretty good. The building was cool and full of character and the service was very friendly. Kim was a great server, even though she was doing it all alone on New Year's day! She was very nice and efficient. The food was pretty good. I got fish and chips, but I don't prefer eating fried stuff often. I do have to say, they were good though. The outdoor seating is nice, but man....those birds are lethal! We got pooped on over and over and even our water was tainted! Not The Rose and Crown's fault, but it kinda ruined our experience. This looks like a great place to drink, hang out and even watch the game. I am sure it's a fun place, but just not my favorite.
4	I like the beers, I like the ambiance, and it turns out this place has decent pub grub too. The only issue I have is the location (and therefore ambiance, in some respects). The Rose and Crown can be a little hit or miss sometimes and I don't easily think of it when trying to find a mellow pub environment to grab beers with friends. However, this is exactly the kind of place I'd love to have near home or work for such a purpose. It's just a classic pub in a classy historic setting, which is a rare find.
1	Horrible staff, rude server and definitely not a family or kid friendly restaraunt.  We waited nearly 20 minutes to get our drinks (our server left our table in the middle of trying to order drinks the first time...)  and another 40 before we grabbed a different server to find out where our food was.  Our server was nowhere to be found or we couldn't catch her as she ran past our table.  After being told it would be another 10 minutes for our food to come out, we told them we'd pay for our drinks and had to go.  WAY too long to wait for service, drinks, food for ANY restaraunt and especially when you have hungry kids waiting.  We did not order any alcohol but I bet if we had, we'd have gotten great service as this restaraunt seems much more friendly to drinkers.  Why the even have a kids menu is beyond me as they obviously are not happy to have a family come in.  Our server was rude, impatient and didn't even bother to apologize for taking so long.  Can't say how the food is, as we didn't get to have any but definitley DO NOT recommend this place to anyone.
3	After going out for an awesome dinner we needed a place to continue having a few beers while finishing up conversations.  We decided to stop at the rose and crown.  The beer selection was pretty good the service was great and very friendly.  The best thing we got was the Chocolate Guinness Cake, Its a must have if you stop by.  The atmosphere was good especially on a beautiful January night in Phoenix you could sit outside by some fire pits or play a game of pool inside.  The District alone is a cool place to hang this bar just added to the night.
3	After browsing through wares and looking at various paintings and sculptures at First Friday, we were feeling a bit peckish as we walked into The Rose and Crown.  They have an all you can eat fish fry that also comes with the requisite chips/fries.  After ordering the Scotch egg appetizer, I decided to go with the fish fry special. The Scotch egg was decent, and came with a mixed green salad with strawberries, which I thought was a bit odd since the heartiness of the Scotch egg didn't really go with the delicate taste of the salad and strawberries.  The fish fry was pretty good, albeit greasy.  The batter was light, and the fish was flaky and moist.  The chips were unevenly cooked and seasoned, as some chips were very salty, while others were very bland.  Also, some chips tasted slightly undercooked and mushy, while others tasted OK.  My friend also ordered the fish fry, and after he had eaten the first 2 pieces of fish that were served, he asked for some more.  It took a very long time to get the 2nd order of fish in, and once it did come in it was just a single piece of fish, swimming with grease.  All in all, my experience here was just OK, but if I had a choice in restaurants to eat at in Heritage Square, my favorite so far is Nobuo.
4	I happen to love this place! Been here three times so far and after my last stop in on a recent First Friday, love it!After walking around First Friday and checking out the AZ Science Center Adult Night out, my group came in here for some drinks!( Would have had some pub grub too had we not indulged in sushi earlier!) I love the feel of this place, a converted old house into a tavern gives a good vibe. They have a ton of beer selections on tap and bottle of course! Im not in anyway a beer snob but ordered a black and tan and it was perfect! Good service, great mix of music on the jukebox ( a digital one), this is an awesome place to check out when walking through Heritage Square! We had a great time!ps love the artwork of British starts, especially the James Bond one! (Sir Sean Connery of course!)
1	I live right down the street from here and decided to come in with my husband for some food and drinks. The place was pretty busy when we arrived and we were told that we could sit anywhere. The only place available to sit was on the picnic tables outside, which would have been fine if they were clean. ALL the picnic tables were covered in cigarette ashes and sticky stuff. A server came by and explained a trivia game they were playing and took a good 5 minutes with this. Never asked if we wanted anything, he just left, and so did we.The employees that we came in contact with had no people skills at all and were not very accommodating helping us find a seat. The place was also very dirty and run down, will not be back here.
1	went there for lunch when my daughter came to town turkey sandwich thats not real turkey beer was flat the patio was dirty staff useless will not go back
2	Short and sweet:Staff was very friendly.Phoenix Burger - fairly decent bar burger.  Nothing to write home about.Coleslaw - inedible.  I don't know what their seasoning of choice is, but it was gross.Steak Fries - pretty decent version.Potato Salad - wanted to try it, but they were "out."  Friday lunch, and you're out? Wow.All in all, not planning a return trip unless nothing else is open.They must sell a LOT of beer on weekends, though, because kegs and cases were being brought in by the hand-truck-load when we were there.
5	I love this place. It's 2 legit 2 quit. No but I'm seriously you guys, you should really check this place out. It's in a prime spot, has great "bar food" (it's way better) and a good drink selection. Prices are good and the atmosphere is great. The owner is one cool mofo and seems like the kind of person who would gladly sit down and have a beer with you. Service is quick and very friendly. My drinks are always long and strong and down to get the friction on.Yeah!
4	The first time I found myself at Rose & Crown was at the beginning of an all day pub crawl downtown. The fish and chips were a GREAT way to start the day as they were everything I expected from an English/British/Whatever pub. The only downfall to this place is the bathroom situation. There's one women's bathroom (that I know of) which can suck on a Saturday night. BUT the beer selection is always pretty legit and they have root beer which most bars don't serve (if you haven't tried root beer and vanilla vodka, you're missing out)! I've managed to wind up at Rose & Crown several other times, mostly at the end of the night, and it tends to be pretty consistent. The staff has always been great and the patio/front porch area is one of my favorite places to be in Phoenix!! Love!
3	A great selection of brews and scotch/whisky paired with finest mediocre pub fare. Leave the fancy cousine and drinks to Hanny's and grab yourself some fish & chips with a dram of Lagavulin 16. Oh, I forgot to mention--they're cigar friendly.
5	i love everything about this place and i go there often.  the food is wonderful. i've tried most things on the menu and am never disappointed.  the owners are very cool and the staff is amazing!
4	Recent Sunday Night Entree approx 7:45 PM  Grilled Salmon with Large Harvest Salad was Perfection.  Outside covered Porch Dining was a nice environment.  Plenty of free parking available on this particular Sunday night.  Owner/ Manager acknowledgment greatly appreciated.  Pleasant Attractive Attendant. Great place for a casual business Dinner.  I will visit again after upcoming Downtown meeting.  I have not tried enough Items to rate a 5.  Possible forthcoming edit after next visit.
4	This place is great. Though it could have also been the person I was with. Located in cute and quaint Heritage Square it provides good food, drinks and a relaxed vibe. I wish we had more places like this in Orange County and also more men like the guy I was with.  Open late for those dates you don't want to end.
1	I was visiting the Arizona Science Center and saw the Rose and Crown while walking in and decided to head back there for lunch later in the day.  Big mistake. It looks casual and inviting with the big front porch and picnic tables.  I sat at one of the tables on the porch.  And sat, and sat.  After more than ten minutes, a waitress came over with a menu and I decided it best to order everything then, as I had glanced at the menu that was displayed outside and knew what I wanted to order.  She brought me back the iced tea I had ordered.  Then I sat, and sat, and sat while watching others around me sit and order, and get their lunch and eat and multiple waitresses walked past me many times.    I caught the eye of the one who took my order during one of her many walks past me at the 35 minute point and she came over and said, 'your lunch will be out soon.'   At the 45 minute mark from ordering my  fish sandwich, I called her over and asked for the check to pay for the iced tea.  I said I felt I had waited long enough while all the groups around me ordered and enjoyed their food.  She came back and said,  'Your tea is comped'.  No apology, nothing.  I would never go back and suggest if  you really want to eat lunch that you consider one of the other choices in the area.   I ended up walking back to the Science Center and ate at their little cafeteria.
4	Good selection of beers.  Easily bikeable.  Great porch.  And poutines!
5	I absolutely LOVE this place. I love the outdoor seating area, and the daily specials they offer. Some of the servers are "meh" but the really good servers they have compensate for what the mediocre ones lack. Here's some tips if you're thinking about coming in for the first time.1. If you come in late at night and you want to sit outside, you might want to head inside first and let the hostess know you want to eat and sit outside. It can get pretty busy there late at night and it's hard for them to tell who's there to eat and who's just there to hang out. 2. The kitchen closes at midnight. If you're hungry, get there early or eat before you come over here to grab a drink.3. Monday nights they have a 1/2 price burger special. I like the turkey burger.4. Friday nights are all you can eat fish and chips, which are yummy!5. Wednesday nights are trivia night.6. Check out the chalkboard just inside the door. Every day they pick a letter of the alphabet and write it on the board. if your last name starts with that letter, you get a 25 cent drink!7. On sundays they have a $3 breakfast from 10-12, and have $3 bloody mary's and mimosas all day.If you're in the area because you're going to eat over at Pizzeria Bianco, head over to rose & crown and order a few drinks while you wait 4 hours for your table ;)
3	Good spot.  Went here on St. Patrick's day.  Good place to find fast women for your friends to gobble up.
2	If you are a smoker then this is the best bar in town.  I am a ex-smoker so the outdoor second hand did not bother me, but if you are picky then sit inside.  What did bother me was the service.  Our server seemed too cool and it took forever to get a drink order in let alone our tab when finished.It is a shame that the service was lacking as this spot is super cool, and as my wife would say "cute."  The balcony and outdoor seating is perfect and I can see why there are people here consistently.  The food, and this is from a take out point of view, was blah.  We wanted the potato skins (which they were out of) so ended up taking home a Reuben.  The Reuben was put on 2 pieces of white bread, so weird.  The meat was OK but that bread just put me off. Oh well, win some loose some.  Maybe I will give it another try when wanting a drink and some second hand smoke.  Either way, cool place for the college/hipster crowd, but just didn't work for me.
5	I had no idea a place like this existed in Phoenix. It had that feel like it should have been in Seattle, because they serve great beer and provide a unique and laid back atmosphere. My friends and I stumbled upon the Rose and Crown during the Phoenix ComiCon and we were so pleasantly surprised. My memories of the Phoenix bar scene were of chains, or places that were sterile with no class or character, and every one of them served mediocre beer. Not The Rose and Crown. The Rose and Crown had a cozy U.K. Pub feel with very intimate seating inside, and bier garten seating outside, if you can stand the heat. They had a decent menu with British type dishes on it. My friends and I tried the Poutine, and it was delicious. I had never had it before, but this recipe was homemade potato chips smothered in delicious gravy instead of french fries. My burger (can't remember which) was massive and delicious. I also had the Four Peaks Arizona Peach Ale, which is my new favorite Arizona beer. The prices were decent, and the service was great. Give The Rose and Crown a try.
5	This place is by FAR my favorite place to be in Phoenix!!! Tuesday and Thursday's are the best thanks to cheap drinks and free pool. But, SERIOUSLY! There is a waitress named Kim and she is quite possibly the nicest person I have ever met, it is ridiculous! I recommend this bar to anyone, come in the day time with your kids or come at night with your friends. You can probably find me here I'll be the guy beating you at the pool table and being kind of a smug asshole about it.
3	Just grabbed some quick drinks.Good selection of drinks, friendly staff, cool old house.It was a nice place to kick back on the patio with a cold one.
3	Onion rings and potatoe skins are amazing. I would enjoy this place more if the beer glasses were kept icy cold and if my glass was never empty. Servers seem to take their time to get to you with menus and drinks
5	What a great place to go and hang out after work and drink an ice cold beer.  I have spent a lot of time here with my co-workers and sit and cool off and talk stories about the job.  Also spent this last Friday here after work celebrating my birthday.I believe our favorite waitress' name is Miranda and she is an awesome gal!
4	I went to Rose & Crown solely because they had poutine.  I've been trying to find poutine in Phoenix for awhile, and this is the first place I was giving a try.I'm a poutine snob being from Canada.  I guess I expected a traditional dish - fries, cheese curds & gravy.  They had the gravy part down, but the cheese was shredded cheddar, and the fries were baked potatoes slices, a cross between french fries and potato chips.  At first I was a bit disappointed, but once I dug in it was pretty good.  Not the poutine I was hoping for, but still great to eat.I also ordered the Crown burger.  Was great as well.  Way too much food all in all, I ended up taking home most of the burger and half the poutine.  It was all great the 2nd time around as well. I went mid day on a week day, and was the only person in there.  Staff was friendly, I liked the atmosphere.
2	Do not go there during anytime the temperatures are high-if there is A/C, I couldn't feel it.  Hot & sweaty, rooms are too small if you're gathering with friends --inside.  Outside might be okay in cooler months.  Service is not so good.  Hamburgers a great deal at half-price Monday happy hour.  Food not so good--greasy.  Slow.  I would not go here again--ever.
4	This is a GREAT bar with top notch service. Great atmosphere. Live music on the porch, so it wasn't too loud inside. Tried the pub fries. Yum. I'll be back.
4	This place was very good. I have been here a few times and plan on going back this weekend. Great place to pre drink before a Dbacks game. We enjoyed the first n chips which I have to believe was one of if not best I've had in Phoenix. Very fresh and flakey. Mmmmm......I can't wait till I come back for those!
4	Stopped here with my 5 year old after a day at the science center...great food and service.  We enjoyed it very much.
1	Went to Rose and Crown after the AZ Science Center.  Heard great things about this place, so decided to check it out...wished I would have moved on.Upon entering, this place is teeny tiny.  There were 3 of us and no place to sit but outside.  It's AZ, seriously, outside is not really an option.  We asked how the long the wait, the "hostess" said, "I dunno, til a table is clear" SERIOUSLY???? WTF...and then as we turn around to leave, she makes a snide comment under her breath.Can't comment on the food just the "experience".  Too bad 'cause I was willing to wait.
2	I was very disappointed in the service they had 1 waitress/bartender.....I brought my mother there for her birthday because I had bragged about how good the fish and chips were when I ate there a year or so ago......When we got them  the fish was raw so we ordered something else which was good but disappointed that we didn't have what we had planned.......The manager was nice enough to give me a gift certificate to come back and try again for the fish and chips.....so we shall see.....
4	The squeaky floors are soon to be a thing of the past.  This makes me sad..
4	Consistently a great place to drink in that part of downtown Phx and their food is always excellent. I've tried a lot of their menu and haven't ever had an issue or complaint. Service is always solid even when packed full. Overall a winner w/o a doubt.
5	R and C is the place to be!
5	It was fun!  Historic house, nice patio, friendly service.  Give it a shot!
5	I LOVE this place. The crown burger is delicious! The beer is reasonably priced. The interior has a lot of charm, and outside has a great view of downtown and Heritage square. Rose and Crown is one of my favorite places in Phoenix.
4	This is a great place. Love the atmosphere, staff is very cool, food is good. Love the music but a little loud. The only minus is I'm in an English Pub, where is my soccer, Rugby, or Aussie Rules Football?  Definitely will be back.
3	I was at the conference center on a Sunday and in need of a football fix, cue Rose and Crown to the rescue. Service was slow, food was average, and they were out of a ridiculous amount of foods and drinks. But all in all, it did the deed that I needed. The nice part, besides a great location, is that each room was dedicated to a different game. It was nice to not have to be quite while someone else was watching something else, instead we could all cheer and boo at the same time.
4	We saw mixed reviews on Yelp but we're glad we stopped. We used a restaurant.com coupon. I had a very good burger which was cooked to perfection. My husband had a rueben - crispy/crunchy marble rye bread and not soggy. We'd stop here again.
4	Ran into the owner down the street from his establishment. He told us about a themed event that was going on that night and invited us to come. He was open and friendly and an all around great guy. When we got to Rose and Crown later we found that everyone who worked there had the same attitude as the owner -- friendly, helpful, and just fun to be around. I didn't try the food, but I did see that there are daily lunch specials. The bar and service were great and had great drink specials! I will definitely be returning here.
3	THE BEER. IS NOT. COLD ENOUGH.  EVER. Fix that sooner than later, you guys.  It's almost a deal-breaker.The grilled cheese is amazing.  The whole menu is pretty good, except the Scotch egg.  Service is usually great.  Sometimes the music is stupid loud.  Overall, though, this place is solid.EXCEPT FOR THE BEER, WHICH IS NOT COLD ENOUGH.  Thank you.
5	The moment we walked in the door we immediately received a sincere & friendly greeting that made us feel we were home.Sort of American sports bar, sort of British Pub had a cool "non-judgmental" vibe, ie feeling of belonging w/out wondering if we met the criteria of "fitting in".  Our waitress Nicole was great!  She immediately told us we could sit anywhere and was so friendly & cool.  We chose to sit outside @ one of the picnic tables which was clean and relaxing.  The service was perfection w/ food to match.  And their hard pear cider & apple cider was great too!  After a long day at the Science Ctr just 50 feet away, Rose & Crown was the perfect ending to a fun day. Thx Nicole!!  Cheers!
4	Not sure what other folks were expecting when the came here. If you're looking for a hip bar to get dressed up for with the latest brews and drinks this isn't the place for you. Want a neighborhood English pub in downtown Phoenix? Step right in.Inside of a redone old house is a laid back place which is great for coming to hang out with some friends and have a few beers. We went on a slow night which may have helped with the ambiance. The service was a bit on the slow side at times, but we weren't in any real hurry so it wasn't a big deal. The soundtrack for the evening was punk/new wave/ska featuring The Clash, Police, Talking Heads, The Specials, etc. Nothing out of the ordinary for a pub as far as the food was concerned, but it was good. Definitely plan to hit this place up again next time I'm in Phoenix.
3	I have been to this bar a couple times and it definitely has some pros and cons. Pros:Cute house settingClose to my housedrinks are decenthas a pool table (which was broken open last time I went, so we got to play for free...double pro!). Cons:This establishment never staffs enough people so the service is always extremely slow....almost as if they do not want people to continue drinking there. This alone is enough to make me not want to come here often....it makes it hard to enjoy drinking. We also got a couple of car bombs in which the Irish cream was in a large glass and blocked the beer when it was dropped in the glass.....not really great for a shooter. The prices are pretty comparable to other places, but overall I wouldn't rush here.
2	Decidedly confused pub. Trying to sell overpriced "English" tap brew in a frathouse atmosphere....
4	The atmosphere they have created in Heritage Square is fantastic, and Rose and Crown has really figured out a couple of ways to keep the prestige and offer something with a little 'weird' to the mix.  I love the bizarre Clockwork Orange and Winston Churchill paintings and the busted quarter pool table that spits your billiard balls out for free games and 9 ball variation fun all night!  They host a really fun, funny, and interactive trivia night on Wednesdays.  The food is basic deep fried pub food, and the drinks are all bar standards at standard 'make money' prices, which is the only reason I won't give them the fifth star.  Two more compliments: 1) The jukebox is the best jukebox I have seen.  It has really bizarre music selection and it is tucked away in a doorway so it makes for a secret mood changer for someone that has a practical joker side to them when they are drinking.  2) The triple bar setup allows for quick drink pushing even during the busiest of times, brilliant bar design!
4	Hereth is thy 's (...thou's......thee's....oh hell, Old English be damned) review of Rose and Crown:~Ambiance~Who doesn't enjoy a fun English pub? This pub is utilizing an old old house, so people who do not understand the layout may miss the point when entering it. Its supposed to be quaint and small, that's the small part of how great R&C is. I love the ambiance and the atmosphere is great. I have come at varying times throughout the day: From at night when they are having trivia to before/after ball games. Each time, we have been kindly greeted and quickly sat. The servers are all great, they treat you well and are very helpful. ~Fud~I will start with complaints, because they are not big deals. The food is great, although a bit pricey. You expect that, with it being downtown.   Considering the portion sizes, some dishes (primarily fish and chips) are over-priced. That's understandable, its fish, but you get so little of something SO GOOD! I do want to point out that most prices are fair and fit well with the sizes of the meals assigned to them. Also, some beers are a bit warm, someone else pointed that out in a previous review. Its not too warm, I have had much much warmer beer, and it seems to be a non-issue, I do not have it happen to me a lot. Once again just a few times, so its nothing to really note of, especially when they have an excellent selection of beers. That being said, they have a great selection by the way, many euro-style brews to choose from with varying textures as well as a typical full-bar. But the food is excellent, and should not be missed at all! Although pricey, it tastes great and is worth it. I can trust only about 4-5 places out here with preparing and making me fish and chips, which here is done perfect for an English pub. They take seafood seriously, as their chowder soup is amazing as well... Overall great food experience despite some minor issues to nag over. No place is perfect.~Extras~They are a stone's throw away from BOB (or Chase Field, for you Arizona Transplants). It is an awesome spot to go to prior to the game, and a bit cheaper considering prices inside. Heritage Square in general is awesome along with the Science Center, so keep in mind you can hang around that area for a while if you'd like. It is not exactly the best place for children, minus during the day time and a quick trip for a bite before the Science Center. I would recommend sitting outdoors if its cool enough, rather than indoors with all the pub garb everywhere. Your children will find food options because they do offer amazing food options once again, but this place is geared 0% for children, haha.
4	This is a fun little place in Heritage Square. It's set inside an old house with flower pots and vines hanging from the metalwork on the roof. It's cute. Mostly a hipster atmosphere, with a few people my friend recognized as local politicans and aides - neat for people watching!I liked the orderly line to get drinks from the front bar, much better than flagging down a bartender. You pretty much have to sit outside, there is very limited seating in the two or three rooms inside and it seemed to be mostly groups that ordered food.They have a pretty extensive selection of beers. I had an Angry Orchard Cider, which was almost like carbonated wine - yum. Good selection of whiskey and scotch as well. I was not partial to the singular bathrooms (never a good plan in a popular drinking establishment), especially when a bunch of drunk girls started pounding on it and yelling "What are you doing in there?!"   Um, I'm taking a pee, ladies, calm down. The bathroom was, however,  pretty pleasant inside, they had painted it up nicely in reds and blacks and it was roomy... okay, that sounds weird for a bathroom to be judged for its roominess, but it's nice to have room to stand up and turn around...I was also not partial to $15 for fish and chips. I mean, sure, it was all you can eat, and it was really delicious, but that's still really pricey for some battered cod and potatoes. Most all you can eat fish and chips is around $10 to $12. We also could not get a waitress to pay attention to us, I had to order my food from the front bartender (who looked like a deer in headlights when I did).Overall, we enjoyed the few hours we spent and will return when in downtown Phoenix.
3	My friend and I were hanging out Downtown and looking for a place to grab a drink before an event at the US Airways arena, and stumbled upon this place on Yelp. The Rose and Crown is a quaint pub with a neat atmosphere in the Heritage Square portion of Downtown Phoenix. It's located in an old house, putting the HOUSE back into "Public House" (which is what pub is short for ... there's your lesson for today, kids!)We sat in the bar area in a back room of the house and was met by a very friendly server/bartender. We scanned the whole menu but, just having had a large brunch, planned to have only drinks. My friend opted for a brunch Bloody Mary special, while I salivated at the on-tap options advertised. Fuller's London Pride on tap? YES YES YES!!! And the sound of four rotating taps had me curious as to what else the had to offer.Unfortunately, they didn't even offer what they advertised. No Fuller's on tap. DAGGER. And no rotating taps. Their on-tap selection was limited six offerings - Smithwick's, Boddington's, Guinness, St. Mary's Pale Ale, Newcastle, and Strongbow ... a rather boring and standard American "pub" selection. Strongbow isn't something you see on tap every day, however, and I was feeling rather cidery, so started with that. I had never heard of the St. Mary's Pale Ale, and tried that next ... and it's a darn fine pale ale. With nothing else interesting on tap, we decided to leave after this. The menu here looks great, and I saw one of their Scotch eggs coming out of the kitchen and almost ordered one - despite being totally full - because I love Scotch eggs and this one looked DIVINE. But I can only rate for what I had, and despite the great service, I can only give them three stars for a mostly basic beer selection and not having the full selection of what the advertise on their menu.
5	Great for lunch.  The Reuben was fantastic.  Coleslaw was best I've had in a long time.  The grilled chicken wrap was superb the fries crisp outside and tender inside.  You can't go wrong.  Reasonable prices and big servings.  You gotta go!
4	Well we are goin' to the Rose and Crown and there's nothing you can doOh Yes we're on our way And theres nothing you can doSo we are goin' to the Rose and Crown and have a few brews!We don't refer to the menuWhen showing up we just order (fish and chips)Our generation gapMeans we prefer them with ketchupThe drinks is getting to your headThe drinks is in my hands!(Lyrics - The Living End - Prisoner of Society)The Rose and Crown is located across from Pizzaeria Bianco and next to Nobuo's Teeter House.  Aside from Bar Bianco I think this place would be great as you wait the lines of these two great restaurants.  The Rose and Crown is a Pub, also known as a public bar.  Public bar?  Aren't all bars public?  Well grasshopper, according to the "internet", in the UK, many hotels have bars that are generally private to their guest.  Thus, the invention of public bars known as Pubs.  Now, back to Phoenix!  The Rose and Crown offers up a plethora of beers in pints, bottles, or 20oz.  Needless to say you're options will get your head spinning.  I stuck to my guns and went with a Stella - haha!  I also ordered off their menu -- whoops!  I shouldn't have referred their, but I did and went with the Fish and Chips; I'm in a pub, what do you expect!?  Overall, this was probably the best Fish and Chips I had.  The fish was moist in the inside and the bread crust around it was perfect and crispy.  I'm a texture guy when it comes to food and the Fish and Chips was a kick in the GOALLLLLLLLL!  Yes, soccer fans this place is a mecca of soccer decor and perfect for your next soccer outing, or should I say futbol?  I'm not much of a fan, but I sure know where to go the next world cup comes along. - Enjoy!
3	Nice little place; I had the BBC, which is their roast beef, bacon and cheddar sandwich on rye.  The problem I have with this place is that to me , it's not British enough.  The food is good, however, I'll stick closer home with The Olde Ship.
4	We came to the Rose and Crown for lunch and some drinks.  They had a great selection of bar food to choose from.  I ordered the Turkey Burger and my husband had the fish & chips and chowder.Our server was SUPER friendly and attentive.  It was a nice casual place to kick back have some Strongbow and watch the baseball game.
4	I find myself here pretty often because it's so close to my apartment and school. The service here is always friendly and quick  and they have a great selection of beers. They've always been accommodating when we come in large groups so that's a nice touch. We usually order the cheese fries to share while enjoying beer outside on the benches. I can't speak for the other items on the menu since I've never actually had a meal here. Overall a nice place to sit and relax on a sunny day.
3	Got the much praised fish and chip and was pretty disappointed - the batter was so thick that the taste of fish was integible, I wound up removing some of the batter to get a taste of the fish, which definitely lacked salt. I have to give props to the tartar sauce - different and pretty interesting.
5	Very very cool pub...I ran into this place off a restaurant.com certificate.   This place is an old house turned into a bar.  The fish and chips were great with an amazing price $6.99 I think.  Lots of beer options and attentive server.I will DEFINITELY be back.The ONLY complaint is that there isn't any parking.  We got valet parked at the restaurant next door which I guess technically is frowned upon but the valet guy said, "It's ok as long as you take care of me."  Throw in a few bucks for valet parking (which is kinda fun) and you still got yourself a great deal and a fun experience.  I will DEFINITELY be back.
4	Really nice set up inside, although when we visited it was really hot, like the AC wasn't on. The fish and chips are awesome - crispy, flaky, and delicious. The tartar sauce and cole slaw are also pretty good. I like the location a lot; I'd like to come back and try some of their other stuff.
3	Rose and Crown pub has become a Tuesday and Thursday staple for me. Industry night meant for the cool cats, hip hangers on, and other laborers in the so called "industry" (meaning food service) is a great late night reverse happy hour. You can get a $2 well, $3 draft, 1/2 off appetizers, and free pool. EVERY night a letter is randomly selected and written on a chalkboard if that letter begins your last name you are treated to a 25 cent drink! Now "random" I will also call into question so those pals of yours that have names that start with S's or really common names, y'all are out of luck/ they might draw those letters on slower nights. Luckily for me the "T" has been quite frequent popping up and surprising me with the gift of a wonderful well cocktail or draft for a quarter!Like any good ol' pub, it slangs typical bar food which I have had one wing and not been impressed enough to continue eating. What really makes this place THE PLACE to be is the excellent vibe. The bartenders are funny, personable, and are super attentive which makes it just a generally relaxed place to shoot the sh*t and enjoy the patio misters. The varied seating outside that includes high bar tables, low tables, and the picnic benches allows you to fluctuate with the crowd you convince to come and drink the night away. Also, if you are feeling like a casual DJ you can pay for the high tech jukebox sound system and play some tunes on the great sound system.All in all, a solid place especially for those deals if you wanna celebrate "Turnt Up Tuesdays" or "Thirsty Thursdays". Chat with the bartenders and Evan, the cook, they are all great people to get to know.
4	I was introduced to this pub when my sister decided to have a Happy Hour/Team Trivia night. It was a Wednesday night and all of us had a blast. The overall atmosphere of the pub was very welcoming. The bartenders were very helpful with deciding what drink would satisfy your mood. They had a very good selection of beers and other drinks. The food was also phenomenal. When the trivia game began around 7pm, the announcer was very funny and engaging with the audience. Overall, i rate this pub very enjoyable and will definitely recommend it to friends.
4	After parking near the stadium, we needed a quick place to booze-up and pregame for the game ahead. We may be out of college, but our tailgating days ain't over.This place was hidden, but my drunk friend found this place like a bloodhound finds a dead duck (ok bad analogy, give me a break). We were happy to find the billiards room and huddle over one of the side tables.  I got a bloody mary for $6 (it was $3 before noon) and our group got some cheesy fries to share.For a potentially-$3 bloody mary, my drink was great: spicy, peppery but not too thick or fake tasting. Our cheesy fries were beyond amazing: giant steak fries, tons of cheese, BACON, jalapeno, tomatoes and a ranch dressing. The plate was heaping with the ingrdients and the potatoes stayed boiling hot for a while (making us have to take our time, which lets face it, is pretty damn impossible). Between the 4 of us, we didn't even finish our plate and it left me pretty full (at least for a couple hours). Our server was pretty fast and was kind enough to split the shared appetizer among the 4 of us. Sweet.
1	First time here in a few years and very disappointed. I saw it was all you can eat fish & chips which sounded perfect, but in over an hour the waitress came back one with only 1 piece of fish. I would have loved to have more but didn't want to wait another hour. Great place if you aren't hungry or thirsty and don't mind killing a few hours just sitting around I guess.
1	Rose & Crown.. we had a good run guys. But the last 4 times I've gone here service, food and even the beers have been terrible. I've had to make sure that I tell anyone I previously recommended The Rose & Crown to that I have to regrettably revoke my recommendation so that they don't disown me; it's gotten that bad. The last four times I've been here I've been forced to drink St Mary's Pale Ale since none of the other beers I want are in stock, our service is always incredibly slow, no matter how many/few customers are there, and the food (which I honestly never loved) has gotten greasier, chewier and less delicious.
4	This is like a rest area along a busy highway, but with a fabulous beer selection. Actually, calling a British-style pub like The Rose and Crown a "rest stop" is an unfair characterization. The place is actually quite lively, has a great front porch and rustic interior, decent pub grub and a myriad of ways to slake your thirst. The location in Heritage Square has made it my default pit stop when I'm in dowtown Phoenix for other reasons, however.And that's the beauty of the location. After an Adults' Night Out at Arizona Science Center, my posse inevitably winds up here. Following a day of drinking at a local beer festival or light rail pub crawl, my posse drifts here. It's also a great spot to keep that buzz going with a fresh pint, or the pause that refreshes, where you can get some real food in your gullet and live to drink another day. It's not a bad place to catch a cab too, since there's a convenient curbside loading area for just such an instance.Let me say a few things about the beer and food. The food offered here includes British pub favorites like Bangers & Mash and a Scotch Egg. Being a big fan of the Scotch Egg, I had to try this one. It's hard to beat a hard-boiled egg wrapped in pork sausage and rolled in bread crumbs and then deep-fried. As my English friend used to remark, "It's more than a snack!" and indeed it is. The Rose and Crown serves the egg elegantly sliced into eights (for sharing, perhaps). And it comes with a pickled relish which is hard to describe... but tasty. The other food item I'ved sampled here and that I can recommend are the Pub Wings. They are a decent pile of meaty buffalo style wings with a pretty good vinegar "bite". When this hot mound winds up in your face (and should you be so fortunate... but enough about your personal life), sniff carefully. All too many times I've made the rookie mistake of inhaling whilst sniffing and then lapsing into the inevitable "wing cough" from accidental aspiration of the vinegary wing sauce vapor . I once had an order of wings here that were tangy enough to evoke the wing cough from the table behind me.I consider the Rose and Crown a great downtown Phoenix landing pad from which to appreciate fine beer and pub culture.
4	Great place to hang out if you are waiting for a table at the Pizzaria Bianco next door.  I ordered a Cream Ale draft, they were out of Hefweizen, so I had to order the next light beer on tap.  There are 4 beers on tap at the time.  The beer was very smooth and tasty from a brand new keg.  Overall, the service was good, they don't have a lot of staff so the service wait time might be long if you go during their Happy Hour period.  Parking is a big issue, especially for Downtown Phoenix where there are a lot of events during night time and with ASU Downtown Campus nearby.  If you live in the neighborhood, the best way to get there is to be on foot so you won't have to worry about drinking and driving.
4	Came here for trivia on Wednesday night and it was a nice chill place to hang out.  It wasn't too crowded, yet there were enough people there to make it fun.I ordered a pear cider, which was decent.  I also got the Guinness cake which I looooved. chocolate cake with buttercream frosting and chocolate syrup. it is SUPER rich and SUPER sweet, so if that's not your thing you won't like it.  But I thought it was amazing! I even took a picture of it, I loved it so much, but apparently my phone has lost it :(I'd come here again for trivia or just to hang out with friends.  The food looked OKAY, nothing too spectacular.A plus is that they validate for parking in the garage so you get a discounted rate.
5	They have a rotating tap and currently they have this 5 barrel IPA with nitro and it's pretty awesome and smooth! Here for trivia night, pretty fun. Only thing is that the tables are in different rooms so I can't see who else teams are playing, but it's fun nonetheless!
5	I love the beer selection & the food. The atmosphere is laid back and visually interesting. The staff is awesome, especially LEG & JUAN CARLOS (hi boys!).
4	One of my favorites - great selection (a bit pricey), food's very good, especially considering that they've whipped up vegetarian things off menu for me, and beautiful bartenders. The atmosphere ranges from dinner on the weekdays to happy hour in the evenings to bar weekend nights.
4	Awesome beer selection. Love the rotating taps and the draft from my high school (SMHS woot!). Love that it's in an old house in heritage square. Decent menu. Really good specials throughout the week ($3 mimosas on weekends??!?!).
2	Be carful what you order. I ordered the Fishermans Pie, what I got was a creamy white soup with a few small pieces of sea food. If your going here for the food, don't waste you gas.
4	Enjoyed a Sunday brunch here a group of friends.Cheap breakfast, build you own Bloody Mary bar AND cool people? Yes, thank you!There was nothing special about the breakfast itself, but nothing wrong with it, either - I opted for the $4 plate - eggs, toast, potatoes, bacon and sausage (I opted for all bacon.) It's a good value for $4, but nothing spectacular. The $5 Bloody Mary was great - but if it wasn't, that's my own fault!  Also available are $3 mimosas.There were box games the kids could play while waiting for food and to not get too bored while we old and boring adults were having old and boring adult conversations.I've always enjoyed Heritage Square, the beer selection is good, and hanging out in a an old house with creaky wood floors, or on the patio under the trees is a very casual, comfortable "come hang out awhile" vibe that I truly appreciate.Definitely a nice place for breakfast, probably cool any time of day.
3	Owner seems very nice. Fish n chips for three!  Unfortunately, the fish n chips were not for us.  Both my son and I agreed that the Alaskan cod had an off flavor taste to it that we did not like.  He did like the French fries though.  He thought those were good.We also did not make the best choice in seating.  We chose to sit outdoors since it was a nice day but the picnic table next to us had three guys smoking and the cigarette smoke headed our way and ended up making  my son and his friend have stomach aches.Overall, it was an okay experience.  I would go back again to give them a second chance and try some of the other items on their menu just cause the owner seemed like such a nice guy!
5	Two beers, wings and fish n chips for $28!? And it all tasted great. Great little pub!
2	Do not order the French Onion soup (water chopped onions with a sprinkle of cheese on some croutons popped in the microwave)!!!  Cool location, good beer, wait staff is typical downtown attraction type; not friendly (just going through the motions).
3	Just average for me, nothing really sticks out for me in this place other then its walking distance.
4	Rose and Crown is a British pub located in the Heritage Square. This bar is in an old house with a huge porch and seems to be in a more quiet part of downtown Phoenix. I love the way this bar is set up with the awesome art and signs on the wall. It's definitely one of the coolest pubs I've been to. I came here with a group of friends and our server was pretty attentive for most of our visit. Love the rotating beer selection, however didn't realize until my last visit they serve liquor too! (Duh..just duh) Oh my sweet Jameson! Their drinks are pretty standard--I'm a simple lady with simple needs, a whiskey and club soda with lime is good for me! This place is great for groups because of the large picnic tables outside for hanging out. AND they have board games! Can't beat playing Apples to Apples on a porch with your friends.Haven't tried the food yet--but once I do I will update my review!
2	I've been to The Rose and Crown for drinks before and thought it was a unique place. I went to dinner there last night and was excited to try their food for the first time. By chance I got there during happy hour and was delighted to see they had drink and food specials.  I ordered a glass of wine and the Ploughman's platter - both of which apparently weren't on happy hour -  this fact was unbeknownst to me until my bill came. The Ploughman's Platter was the only appetizer not on happy hour; how convenient that no one told me this until I questioned my bill.  Also, the platter was terrible. It says it's a fruit, cheese and veggie plate - a lie! The platter contained cheese cubes similar to those at a grocery store and two orange slices. I was disappointed enough with the food and lack of communication to cross this place off my list.
2	Went there Sunday while on a bike ride with friends.  Service was glacially slow, even standing in line at the bar "window" took forever.  Food, when it arrived was good, but management needs to look at streamlining how things flow through their shop.
4	I'm giving this place 4 stars because the atmosphere was great and my friend liked his food. I ordered the "famous" fish and chips and I really wasn't impressed. One piece was good while the other piece was tough and rubbery.  I'd come back and try something else or have a drink. The staff was fantastic and friendly so that always helps.
5	Love this pub - there's always a hum of activity and no pretentious need to turn into a club after hours. I'm so glad it's so close to my apartment. Their wings are incredible, so definitely try those. If you're looking for a relaxed breakfast, the $4 fry-up is  freaking great too. Burgers and other food is solid, and the fish and chips are delicious.
3	I would return for the beer and bar but not the food. It's hard to find an authentic British pub fare in Phoenix. The fish was tough and there seemed to be a layer of water between it and the crust. It was the first time I heard my dad complain about anything in a restaurant .The manager did try to right things by taking it off the bill. The shepherds pie was average. The asparagus served with it was delicious. Is this a normal side dish in Britain ? While the atmosphere - an old house- was cool, We wished we would have passed this by.
2	Had this review been written a year or so ago, they would have gotten 4 or 5 stars. But, it is not a year or so ago and this place just continues to get worse over time. Used to be our go-to brunch spot, and was also great for Wednesday night trivia, but we have pretty much stopped going due to the last couple visits. Prices have gone up for everything for brunch while service has gone down. Bloody Mary bar has awesome selection, but you better stuff everything you can in there on your first go because somewhere down the line they decided, "Oh, yeah, not going to be doing the bottomless thing so much anymore" and didn't tell you, just charged you at the end when you had 3 vodka refills thinking they were covered. Our last visit went somewhat like this... They refused to bring my friend brunch 5 minutes before the brunch hours ended (which used to be until 2, and is now 12 apparently), yet the couple next to us put in their order for brunch at 12:10 with the same waitress and they got the go-ahead. ...Uhhh? We asked our waitress five, literally five times, for some water after starting our meal. That was all, water. And somehow she managed to not pull that off over the span of an entire hour. BF and I shared fish and chips and it was just...I mean, really, my expectations for fish and chips in the States is not that high, I am aware it's not going to taste like the stuff you get in the village I lived in in North Yorkshire, but really. The fish should not be soggy on the outside and rock solid cold on the inside. The staff is not entirely friendly recently and it just seems like suddenly money is all they care about. I get it, you have to make money to keep a place going, but plenty of other establishments manage to do it without becoming this crappy.
5	I love the $4 fry up for breakfast served till 2PM on sundays along with a bloody mary. Tuesday nights and Thursday nights are great for $3 pints. Always a decent selection and they rotate a few taps often.  Jen is one of my favorite servers/bartenders here.
2	I ordered the arizona burger last night and it was THE WORST hamburger I've ever had. It tasted like an over cooked, left over burger from a BBQ. The buns were also very dry, almost stale. I don't understand how anyone would serve the food they decided to put in front of me. The server never asked if we liked our food. She just picked it up (it barely had two bites from it) and asked if we wanted more beer. Very disappointed in the establishment. Not worth the drive and the hassle of parking a street away.
4	Great beer selection, low key vibe. I enjoy this place for a night cap. 4 stars because they need to figure out a simpler parking situation.
4	Quality new-Irish cuisine. Good service. Limited menu. Great job reusing the historic home to create an awesome Irish pub downtown. Nice casual vibe but still felt comfortable wearing business casual before going to a show. Good beer selection and they will let you try before you buy. They could benefit by having a larger selection on tap.
5	Third night in Phoenix; third night at Heritage Square. And while nothing can top Nobuo, the Rose and Crown came close.I went for happy hour, which is 4-7. Got there a little before 5 and after checking in with the bartender (and sampling two of their beers), I ordered a Scottish ale and took a seat on the patio. It was a beautiful afternoon, and the mellow music selections (mostly the Beatles) fit the vibe perfectly.During happy hour, appetizers are half price, so I ordered poutine and a Scotch egg. Two of my favorite foods, and half price to boot! As my husband says, the reason poutine isn't more popular is its name; if it were called "cheesy gravy fries," it would be a hit worldwide. And what's better than a hard-boiled egg wrapped in sausage? Not much, in my book, and the presentation was lovely, with the addition of fresh fruit and mixed greens.Unfortunately for me, the portions were so huge that I could only eat half of the poutine and one-sixth of the egg. (Breakfast for me!) But that's my only complaint, and you can't really complain about getting too MUCH good food!The bartender also served as my waiter, and he was friendly and attentive. Loved that guy! I'm not sure how this pub fares during other times of the day, but you can't go wrong for happy hour: half-price apps and $4 drafts.
4	I really enjoy Rose & Crown. I would give it 5-stars, but the service is typically only 'okay' at best (unless you sit at the bar - service is much better there). They have great pub food and a neat beer collection on draft and bottled. Vibe is fun inside with interesting little trinkets and the view outside is nice - and there is also ample amounts of outdoors seating - win! The outside patio and yard space is very dog friendly and every time I've been there I've seen a pup or two. :) They have poutin - which let's be honest - you can't go wrong with. Their onion rings are also delicious with ranch/horseradish dipping sauce.
5	First time during a Scooter rally we had a Proper English breakfast. & incredible Bloody Mary Bar.  Today came back to start off Birthday weekend for hubby- great breaky. & Mimosas... People are great!  Smiles around!
4	I wish there were more indoor seating. It's like a less awesome Casey Moore's with older people.
4	Pretty good pub. It had a nice British theme and a nice selection of board games to play with friends. I didn't eat any food on my visit but service was great and they had a nice happy hour.
4	Heard about this place after a Google search.. I was looking for a place that had Fuller's London Pride on draft and low-and-behold this place was it and it turned out to be an English Pub as well(which is awesome). I went at about 11p so there weren't too many people or festivities going on. The bartender, Carlos, was an awesome chap. The place looked pretty cool and the London Pride was superb! I am bookmarking this place and definitely going to come again!
3	I like the atmosphere of the Rose and Crown, even if it's a bit cramped and somewhat warm on a summer evening. I had some difficulty in finding something that suited me off the menu. I agreed to split a ham and three cheese toastie with a friend, and then I asked the server, "What desserts do you have available?"That answer turned out to be a brownie with ice cream, and Guinness cake. I *had* to go with the latter.The sandwich was okay. The ham was good, but overall I could have made a better grilled cheese sandwich at home. The cheese just didn't stand out at all, which is a travesty because cheese is delicious and awesome. The bread was just normal sandwich bread.Ah, but then we come to the cake. This was an epic cake. Chocolatey and dense perfection. I'm not a beer drinker, but I do enjoy the flavor it can lend to meats and baked goods, and the Guinness added some magic to this big slice of cake. I did my utmost to restrain myself and actually share this with my friend.This is a pub I'd return to for the beer. In cake form.
4	cool British pub in the Heritage Square in downtown PHX.  I would say this ranks at the top my list for bars downtown, and its certainly my favoritre pub.  Its a great place to go before a ballgame, or for lunch if you work downtown.  They have a nice selection of draft beer and usually have 1-2 taps that rotate weekly I believe.  As far as food, their burgers are all I have tried there so far, but they are good.  Fresh made patties that have nice flavor.This place is much cleaner than some of the other pubs downtown and its worth checking out.
4	Was in Downtown Phoenix for a conference, and our group decided to check this place out. Pretty cool atmosphere. Although I don't drink beer, judging by my counterparts, they had a good selection on tap. Tried the Poutine...awesome! The meat on the chicken wings was tender...didn't have to fight to get a chunk of it. Shepherd's Pie was pretty good. To sum it up: good food, great service, cool atmosphere...
5	This place is really cool. Great food and drinks. The room with the pool table is a pretty cool place to hangout
5	This is our neighborhood bar and we love it! easy to ride your bike to if you live in the downtown phx area and good good food. We love Thursday nights because (after 9PM) appetizers are half off and drafts/wells are only $3 - SCORE! and during major playoffs they set up flat screens outside so you can watch the game and play corn-hole at the same time- WHAT?! yes that's right!all in all- you should try this place, you wont be disappointed. let me suggest the reuben, chicken wings, and BLT salad - yum yum yum. and if you are lucky maybe Jen will be your server, IF your lucky ;)
4	This is the best outdoor sport watching spot downtown. Tents and misters...need I say more? We've been to watch Sunday nfl games and now for the World Cup finals with zee Germans staying with us. The food each time we've come has been on point. But let's be honest, we come for the beer. Good euro selection. We're lucky this place is a 7 minute walk from our apt...
4	I like The Rose and Crown.  Has the true British Pub feel.  Good selection of beers.  Food is pricey for what it is.  $10.00 grilled cheese is a bit much to me personally.  On the last visit for the World Cup, the Waitress was nice, but kitchen messed up the order, and despite how busy it was she had it corrected, but then charged my card twice including tip?! How does that happen if it prints out the receipts? I do understand mistakes happen and contacted my bank after several unsuccessful attempts at contacting the pub.  I will continue to be a loyal patron to this laid back friendly pub.
3	I was invited to join a few friends for trivia here Wednesday night. It's a cute little house with different rooms and a spacious patio. Being that it's an old house, it has funky acoustics that didn't always lend to the trivia audio but I suppose they work with what they have. The service was good. I'm a cider lover and they had a few on their menu that I'd never heard of before. I'd recommend them in the cooler months, since it was a little stuffy, but it seems like a cool place.
5	Ahh, The Rose and Crown, how I love thee. It's like that weird friend that you've had since grade school who may not have the best hygiene and has always been a little strange, but you're so darn comfortable with them and accept them for all their smelly weirdness and in turn, they love you just as much as you love em', and their parents invite you over for Thanksgiving dinner so you end up getting all shmammered with them all while the football game is droning on in the background. Oh look, weird Uncle Joe's been in the corner the whole time?Yea, The Rose and Crown, you are my go-to. As such, I've had many first dates there. Heh. And I love your Phoenix burgers! Burger special Mondays, woo!*= yes, I know that I referred to a singular friend from high school, yet used a plural pronoun to refer to said friend because it was a lot more convenient than stating him/her and his/hers multiple times. Thank you.
4	I came here for the first time to watch one of the England games during the World Cup. The atmosphere was great - they had a whole tent and festive banners set up outside paired with misters to help combat the heat. I, however, made a poor choice as far as food goes. The grilled cheese was very "meh" and I should have gone with the good ol' fish and chips like my friend (I tried a bite -- they were fantastic). One of my favorite parts of this little spot is the artwork on the walls. From James Bond to The Clash to A Clockwork Orange, I have to say it all adds to the experience. I'd definitely give it another shot because we spent hours in there and had plenty to keep us occupied, plus the staff was very nice and laid back so when we broke out the Jenga and Connect Four sets, they didn't try and rush us out of there.
3	Always great food and beer. However horrible ventelation inside. Sooooo hot. Had to leave after one drink.
4	I had the "bangers and mash" and my wife had the pub burger.  Both were really tasty and the beer was really good too.  Only one issue with thos place or i would have given 5 stars.....  thrre was no air conditioning.  When i looked outside, all i saw was a swamp cooler.  August in arizona is no time for swamp coolers.
3	My daughter and I stopped here on a Friday afternoon at 2 p.m.  It has indoor and outdoor seating.  The outdoor seating has mists, which is definitely a necessity in Arizona.My daughter and I had the BLT salad for $10+.  It was fresh.  The service was spot on.
4	This place is a small but fun, vintage-style place to come for a quick drink and a meal before a game. The ONLY drawback to me is the parking situation. NO parking at all whatsoever in front unless you steal a spot in the Pizzeria Bianco lot next door. I hear there's parking in the back, if you want to pay for it...There are misters outside to keep you cool if dining on their porch, so that's a big plus.The service is very good and the wait staff keeps your drinks filled and they check on you quite a bit.I had a drink with friends there. They ate and their meals looked really good, so upon my next venture there, I shall try something from their menu.
4	I have never stopped in here and was directed to try it out after visiting the Rosson House nearby. Super friendly vibe, clean throughout, and ice cold beer/cider on tap. Loads of bottle choices too. Theirs is a very nice British menu with some homestyle choices - shepherds pie, clam chowder, fish & chips, reuben sandwich, ploughmans lunch, and my favorite - bangers & mash. Buttery crisp onions smothered over tangy bangers and creamy mashed potatoes. Yum !!  The fresh asparagus wasn't too bad either. Sadly, they were out of brownies for dessert, but not to worry ... I'll be back!!
4	I went to this place over the weekend and didn't find anything special about it. Dark and dank inside. Kinda warm, no really cool atmosphere. Not what I expected. Nothing crazy bad, just somewhat disappointed.
4	Good beers on tap.  Solid pub grub.  Happy hour shaves off a few bucks and makes it what it should be otherwise.
4	I did go back and everything was delish and well cooked
5	We just ate lunch here with our family of five. Great food, wonderful ambience. I had the Pub Dish and both the clam chowder and fish and chips were excellent. Solid kids menu that the kids enjoyed, had wings as an appetizer and it was like 11 wings, which was hearty for sure. Lots of beers on tap and a great Bloody Mary rounded out the meal. Fairly priced In my opinion - between 10-15 or so per entree, kids meals are $5.99 - so it was great food, good value, and all while we rocked the science center.
3	Interesting place inside. We had mimosas and breakfast before exploring the Science Center. No complaints.
3	I have never really understood the draw to this place. Each time I order food it takes a lifetime and it has always been very mediocre. There are tons of unique places to drink in town, but this place is so tiny and popular that I find it too difficult to order a drink in a timely manner. The selection isn't too bad even though the kegs of my favorites often run dry.The best times I have had here all involve good friends and lots of drinks on the patio tables. The inside is too small and cramped to function properly.
3	I loved this little house, and the atmosphere inside. I just ordered a caesar salad and water for lunch. My bartender was incredibly nice. The salad was tasty and fresh, but definitely overpriced.
4	Nice little brew pub. The Hefeweizen was good, the service was polite and and prompt. The food was good and appropriately priced, and the location was charming. It was small however, and I'll wager it fills quickly on weekends.
