1	Stay away from this place! There is a hang running this place! We were on the guest list n already paid for the package. After keeping us an hour in the line, they tried to charge us 55 per person to get in!! We ended up getting VIP Table service at Tao for half a price for out group of 15! Font screw up your night at Vegas!
4	I came here on the 2nd weekend that they opened ( Labor Day Weekend) since they had free entry for Dirty South with even ratio. Getting in was a cluster fuck of people and a huge mess, we arrived at the venue at 9:30 but weren't walked in by our promoter till 10:30, and spent an hour waiting in a line for no apparent reason.  Apparently alot of other people were just waiting for their promoters to just show up as well.  I am guessing since they are pretty new they are still trying to work out the kinks. I love the entry / interior decoration of this club.  They have 3 different levels but most of them are filled with tables.  So if you don't get a table you are going to end up on the edge, on the stairs or on the very small dance floor.  They have dancers hanging from the ceiling and dancers located throughout the club as well, very cirque du soleil like. The bass/ sound system for this club is ridiculous, you can feel the bass through every part of your body.  The opening DJ for Dirty South was pretty good in the beginning, but by the end of his set he started playing some music that was just all over the place sudden drops / dubstep / electro sounding stuff that I really had no idea what it was and I wasn't feeling it at all. I would definitely come here again since the venue is so attractive inside.
1	OVER RATED AND DISAPPOINTINGDO NOT GO HERE. Compared to Light and Drai's there's nothing special about LIFE.SLS is the newly renovated hotel, where the Sahara used to be. Consequently, its isolated in from rest of the strip. It's on the north end of the strip and is closest to Circus Circus. SLS has the "LA vibe".  As an LA transplant, I would agree that the hotel is LA chic, but nothing special. I went on Friday Aug 29, during Grand Opening Weekend for Laidback Luke. As a local I've been to most of the clubs on the strip. I had no expectations since, I was warned that the club was so-so.Basically, Life Night Club = Exchange LA. The rundown of the events. I contacted the promoter, got on guestlist, my group arrived at midnight 1:1 ratio guys and girls. As locals we got in free (was it a mistake? maybe). Getting the guys in free was literally the only highlight of the night.My socal girlfriends (9 girls 1 guy) arrived before my group but were held up longer than mine. The venue its self is VERY spacious. LIFE had acrobats and dancers like LIGHT, but they're performance was not up to par. LIFE had fewer lights than Drais. It was very dark for prolonged periods of time. The blasted really cold air into the crowd often which accounts for some of the dark times.The opening DJ was lame. Laidback Luke was good. Thats basically it. The bathrooms are weird. First, there's no sign for the restroom. Secondly, guys and girls share sinks. Consequently, there's no sitting space for ladies.  Men  and Women stalls basically separated by a tiny hallway (2 person width).There are no shelves in the bathroom stalls! The fuck. Where am I supposed put my drink when I go pee? In summary, if your visiting don't waste your time @ Life.
4	Went here Sunday night of Labor Day weekend to see Deep Dish and Pete Tong. The staff was very friendly and they really help you out if your staying at the hotel. We were able to bypass the line thanks to Tray. The inside is pretty standard, there are some cool dancers and performers but nothing too crazy. It is smaller then some of the other clubs down the strip. Had a very after hours feeling to it this night, and the photo booth is always fun.
4	It's a nice club although I have only been on pre opening night.  It resembles Light with the layout and music. Although a little bigger and more bars.  I think it might be cool when they open the beach rooftop as well.  I like Foxtail better which resembles more of Surrender.
1	This club is just not good. The music is not good, the layout is poor and the people are unattractive. I really have nothing good to say about this place. Save yourself and go somewhere else. Anywhere else.
4	Life is definitely working through some opening kinks, as another reviewer noted. The place wasn't as jam packed as other clubs, but I think they are still working on making a name for themselves. They've got entertaining things to look at, like showgirls suspended on swings from the ceiling and dancers all over, just like other clubs do.The space is nice because it's open like Drai's, and the music is strong, which is my favorite part. This place is not nearly the monstrosity that Drai's is, but I like it far better than Marquee. Life is on the first floor, so none of this nonsense about making girls climb six flights of stairs in heels if you didn't get a table, and it's not a nightmare trying to find the bathroom like Marquee.Foxtail at SLS was lame, so upon exit one of the guys that worked at SLS offered to take us two girls over to Life for free. YEAH! Everyone here on staff was really nice, from bartenders to bathroom attendants to bouncers. They gave us each a free drink ticket, which was awesome too.Regarding bathrooms- I don't think it's weird that guys and girls share the same sinks at all. They do need to include a shelf or something for you to put your drink on if you are someone that takes your drink to the bathroom. Someone mentioned there was no seating area in the bathroom. I dunno what kind of crazy bathrooms they've been going to in Vegas, but XS, EBC, Drai's, and Marquee don't have any seating in the bathroom either!! I would give these guys a little time to settle out, but it's still a fun club, and the music was good. Finish the night off with a meal at the Griddle Cafe!
5	Hands down LiFE nightclub inside SLS is one of the best clubs I've been to in Vegas. Service is beyond excellent from start to finish. Check it out if your in Vegas. I had bottle service a few times but never like that. It's amazing! Thank you! I totally for got our servers name but her service was excellent! Very outgoing & fun. Thank you for making my best friend birthday amazing!
1	Came in Labor Day weekend and the promoter promised too many things... I should've known it was too good. Beware of BRIAN RATLEFF! I was given a price for the one guy in my party; $25 which raised to $45 when we got there. There were 9 other girls so he lowered the price when we threatened to leave bc he lied. He kept promising our group free drink tickets that never came. That wouldn't bother me except when I text him, he replied just to wait and that he'll meet me to hand them over. I waited 30 minutes bc he kept saying he was walking to where I was. Waisted my time when I had better things to do. The crowd seemed a bit older (early 30s) The dj played EDM and the single dance floor was average. No chairs or seats anywhere. The bathrooms were clean and the attendants in there were kind. I paid $15 for bottled water.... Not happy about that. I would not return given the other venues on the strip and the fact that Brian lied to me. Oh btw, he had the audacity to contact me the next day saying he can get me "hook ups" to another club. I think I'll take my business elsewhere.
2	I went with a group of 9 girls and 1 guy during their opening weekend which fell on Labor Day.  Promoter Brian whatever promised our group a table or at least free drinks as well as the bar being open til 1 and the guy only has to pay $25.  Too good to be true right?  Hell yeah it was!  First hour we got there we were so annoyed and pissed.  Way to start out.  Everything was major bullshit.  Didn't get a table so we wanted drink tickets.  Brian led us on a wild goose chase and kept saying "I'll be there."  Mofo was a big ass liar.  Girls didn't get free drinks at all!  Lastly, he tried to charge the guy $45 instead of the $25 he promised.  Don't deal with this idiot.  Performance? Ehh.... Not very impressive acrobatic stunts.  They all looked like they just got off a Lady Gaga music video.  Kinda creepy.  Opening DJ sucked.  Visuals sucked.Crowd? On the older side but it's not bad.  Dance floor wasn't bad as well.No where to sit!  How annoying.  That is very vital for girls on heels.I kinda had fun so I'd give it 2 stars.  I wouldn't come back here though.
1	Bad experience, stay away, you have been warned. Worst VIP hosts in Vegas. I have been coming to Vegas 6-8 times a year for the past 10 plus years so I know the night club game. I know most hosts are snakes but these hosts at Life/SLS take things to a new low. My friends and I stayed at SLS(mistake) and got a cabana Saturday afternoon at the SLS Foxtail pool where we spent about $2000. While we were there a host solicited us about a table at LIFE that evening. He gave us a few options but said he could get us a table for 6 on the dance floor for $3000-$3500, my friend and I discussed it breifly and said we will take it. The host made all the arrangements and we told he we would be there at 11ish after our dinner. We arrived about 11:15 to check in and he then told us the dance floor table would be $5000-$6000....WTF happened to the $3000 table you promised us??? He said we could still do a $3000 table but it was on the second or third tier, totally unacceptable!We said no thanks, rounded up the troops and headed over to Marquee where we know we can get a pretty good table in a nice club for $3000. Good job LIFE, keep it up and you will be shuttering your doors closed in no time at all. Stay away people, keep in mind its an $18-$20 cab ride each way from pretty much every property on the strip to the SLS becuase it is out in no mans land on the far north strip.Save that $40 round trip cab ride and play a hand of Blackjack with it, your odds are better at the blackjack table than they are at LIFE.
5	I've been to all the major clubs in Vegas, Miami, and Ibiza, and can say LiFE was amazing!  They have really taken extra steps in making the club unique.  I loved the setup of our table with holes cut out where your bottles sit.  This ensures you don't get some drunk idiot knocking over and spilling your bottle which I have had happen multiple times!! Our host was amazing setting us up with a great view of the Dj.  We had two amazing and beautiful waitresses. I loved the bathroom setup with guys and girls sharing sinks.  The best part of LiFE is the music.  They are trying to cater on Sunday nights to REAL electronic music fans.  Booking more Dj's who spin in Ibiza and Miami- not EDM rage music.  I would recommend checking out the Sayers Club beforehand- A great lounge with great drinks- I will definitely be hitting up LiFE again!
2	This club could have some potential but it's always empty. I've been here 4x since grand opening a few weeks ago and it's slower and slower every time.  Staff is polite once inside. It literally takes 20-25 minutes in heavy weekend traffic to get from Bellagio to the SLS. They might as well be on their own island.
5	Love this place! Finally some new sounds in Vegas!!! Super friendly staff and love the lightning/visuals!
4	My wife and I were staying at SLS, so we got in for free (on a Friday night), and got to jump the line. Awesome. All of the hosts outside the club were extremely friendly and professional. Double awesome.I really liked the layout of the place. The super-high ceilings give it an airy feel, but when you look around, the place isn't really that big, so it lends itself to a certain intimate feel, which I like. I'm not super into EDM, but I guess that's the rage nowadays, so that's what the DJ was playing. The ubiquitous light wall was on display.Speaking of the DJ, they booth is set up, sort of in the center of the room, which is actually cool, because you can walk (or sit) behind the booth, which is unique, compared to Marquee or Hakkasan. Bottle service girls are typically pretty. I liked the way the bottle service tables were spread out over three levels. If you're the kind of person who gets bottle service, you don't have to worry about people crowding your space or, even worse, trying to jump in on your bottle. If you're not a bottle service person, there's plenty of space to walk around or dance.Apparently there's a rooftop area with pool (a la Marquee), but it won't open till 2015.The place never got too full while we were there. Normally that's a good thing. I prefer places where I'm not squeezed in like a sardine and where there's actually room to dance. In this case though, I think they could have used another 200-ish people in there so that it didn't feel somewhat empty.But overall, I liked it.
1	So there wasn't really anything that stood out to me about LiFE nightclub, but they did overcharge me twice for the same transaction. This also happened to my friend who got charged 3x for the same transaction. And no, we were not drunk that night as I remember everything. We got to Vegas pretty late and decided to check out the new club and only had a few drinks.Save your money and time (disputing with credit card company) and head somewhere else. If it only happened to me...OK I'll just handle it with my credit card company and mistakes are forgiven. But also to a friend the same night? Something's wrong here.
5	If you're a house music lover, or have been craving to have the whole Ibiza style experience here in Vegas, I can tell you this the kind of club you've been waiting for.. They booked world class  tech-house artists like Pete Tong, Deep Dish, Eric Morillo, etc. The venue has kind of an L.A vibe that makes it unique.  This club has potential enough to make it to  the Dj Mag's top 100  if they keep it underground and  manage to attract the  wight crowd..
5	This is really a 4.5 star rating for me, but I decided to bump it up to the max 5 stars because we were well attended to that night. Everyone from the front doormen, our host, the busboy and our cocktail waitress was a gem. They kept our drinks, ice and table service full all night.Also, I would like to add that it's not a great idea to write reviews on a place, whether if it's a restaurant, retail store, business, nightclub, hotel etc...etc..that have JUST opened. Seriously...how would you like it if you personally opened up a restaurant and people are already giving you bad reviews?! EVERYTHING new would not be 100% at first....let them work out the kinks, visit them again and give them a second try before you write your review.The venue is actually really big and spacious. Throughout the night...I can feel air circulating throughout the nightclub so it was NOT stuffy at all...even though our table was located in the middle of everything. EC Twins were playing that night and they had really cool visual effects like laser beams, lighting and paper confetti galore.Bathrooms: Let me tell you this. It's probably one of the better bathroom areas when it comes to Vegas nightclubs. No line whatsoever in the women's restroom...plenty of stalls available. Went a couple times throughout the night and both times were very clean and does not smell.  ******NOTE:****** co-ed sinks. Like it or not, I think it's really efficient. AND...best part of this club...THEY HAVE A FREAKIN PHOTO BOOTH HERE!!!!!!!! FOR FREE!!!!!!!! And the picture quality turned out clear. You take 4 different poses and they send it to you through email AND have one physically printed out for you in less than 5 minutes. How awesome is that!? Geez...that's already worth 3 stars alone!
1	I was excited that a new casino the SLS had opened in Vegas.  And a new club. LIfe.  I was so unimpressed and disappointed by the club. Life is a total waste of time and money. Horrible service, rude staff  overpriced beyond rheir north strip ghetto local.  Do not waste your time. Lame
5	Was there for opening weekend. Our VIP host set us up with 2nd tier section, although upon arrival he surprised us with the one of the best dance floor tables in the building......Thank You Richie Summers!!! We've had table service almost everywhere in Vegas and in have to say LiFE has some of the best staff around, they were on point the whole night. Standouts are Pili, Trina, Ann, Jojo, Yajira, and most importantly Richie Summers for always taking great care of us. Thank you all for being a huge part of our night! Although the SLS hotel is not for us, we will be back to LiFE.
5	I'm just going say what comes to mind... I've been to Life 6 times now. Once I was at a table with some friends, the other times I was there for their underground industry night on Sundays , which, I must add, has a pretty awesome lineup if you're into deeper flavored edm. I have to commend the staff for their impeccable service everytime I've been there. I feel like the service at most clubs is extremely inconsistent or just awful. Life has not let me down a single time. Maybe I'm just lucky, maybe the awesome service is a product of their "honeymoon phase". I don't know but as of right now, I won't argue that their service has been great. Sounds like I'm really working these guys up but I speak the truth. No, the club isn't as extravagant as Marquee or Drais, but good service is a thing often taken for granted. Cheers to the staff at Life. Here's five stars.
5	If you're looking for commercial dance music, this is probably not going to be your cup of tea. I was drawn to this club by the techno. Sunday nights are the best nights as they usually are usually very underground. Ritchie Hawtin, Erick Morillo, Green Velvet...you get the picture. The club has ample space to move around in, several large bars that get you poured, paid, and drinking quickly. Even on the Saturdays that I have gone, it is still possible to dance on the dance floor. The go-go dancers have magnificent costumes and there are performers swinging from the ceiling. It is a club that must definitely be experienced.
5	Being local, I've been to almost every club in Vegas. Life, by far, has the best staff I have ever seen. See you in a few weeks for Sasha.
5	Went for Halloween this year and had a blast!  The promoters were super cool and we got right in! Comparable to any hot nightclub in Vegas-- good crowd/good music.  Club is well laid out out and pretty easy to maneuver between tables, bars and dance floor. The performers were a big plus!
3	The club is conveniently located in the SLS hotel. Unlike other Las Vegas clubs where you have to navigate a huge casino complex, this place is easy to find in the SLS and if you are staying at the hotel even easier to get back to your room. The club has several bar and plenty of table seating. We had gone on Sunday night at Halloween weekend, the crowd was good - it tends to attract an early to mid 20s crowd. The sound system is awesome and the music was to my taster - European techno - although some of my friends were not into it. Aerial theatrics a plus. The line and cover can be an issue to navigate. The SBE promoters can be too flaky and hence I am rating this place as 3 stars. Initially, a couple of the promoters said they would get us in for free if we signed up for their mailing list - which we did - when we got to the ID check, they were asking for $25 - keep in mind we were hotel guests. Lame. Anyway, we decided to go to the Sayers Club instead for a bit. Later on at about midnight, we went back to Life and they let us in at no cost. I would recommend SBE to have some consistency with the pricing options for the hotel guests at a minimum. Outside of this snafu, I would rate this as 4 stars. Definitely worth checking out if you are staying at the SLS.
4	Stopped in this past Sunday for industry night with Hot Since 82 in the booth. Arrived about 1130p to a long line for guest list and no one in the GA line. Was by myself so was expecting a wait but they checked my ID, gave me a comp slip for the cashier and was in within 5 minutes. Entering the venue it immediately reminded me of a smaller version of LIGHT (Mandalay Bay) with the various levels of tables, large LED wall and aerialists. It is clear this was the former theatre as they have draped the balcony in curtains...surprised they didn't add VIP areas up there (unless they are hidden). Lots I staff around. They keep it really clean too. General notes:- Drink prices seem to be on par with other clubs but generous pours make it worthwhile.- Dance floor seems to be a cushioned wood flooring which is much easier on the feet and knees when raging.- They run a very cool light show...perhaps my favourite in Vegas. - Lots of open space off the dance floor to cool off or just observe. They don't block off the table areas so you can easily move from one area to the next. - Speaker arrangement is such that you can actually talk to someone when you're off the dance floor without too much yelling. - Sunday schedule is packed with more deep house compared to the other big clubs...something that's a nice change.
5	My wife and I were recently in Vegas and visited Marquee, XS, Drai's, Tao, and LiFE.  We visited LiFE on an Saturday and I have to say we really liked LiFE.  The music was great and the crowd was just the right amount of people.  It didn't really fill up until midnight or so unlike other clubs, but we liked this.  If you're looking for a club with great EDM music and not getting pushed over on the dance floor, this is the place to hit up.  The bartender was really friendly and even gave us a free shot.Lastly, big thanks to Ryan Henderson @ 510-386-0233 who got us on the guest list and helped us out with getting drinks -- if you're in Vegas and need help with guestlist/bottle service, definitely give him a call/text.  He was very responsive which is always nice to find in a promoter.  Will be back next time we're in Vegas...
3	Not sure I am qualified to write a review, we walked in and out in less than 15 minutes, it was just too loud for me that I couldn't stay long. Decided to check this place out on a Friday night after dinner, since we got a free pass at the dinner so why not? There was no line either, turned out it's free for hotel guests anyways, absolutely NO cost at all! They had Patron girls giving out free shots, a free photo booth in the club, it sends all the photos to your email too. It was supposed to be fun to take photos in there, but it was the loudest place on earth! A few speakers right next to the photo booth, it was impossible to relax and smile, my expressions looked so weird in the photos! We didn't even get a drink at the bar because of the loud music, seriously am I too old or what, I can't stand nightclubs anymore! This nightclub is kind of big, has a nice layout, very open with lots of bottle service tables in rows all over the club. A good sized dance floor in front of the stage, dancers in very beautiful and fun costumes, I loved their costumes, it was fun to look at! That's pretty much of it, not a nightclub person, but still checked it out real quick.
4	I was surprised by how much I liked this club.  I'm not much into EDM - I prefer top 40s clubs and (heaven forbid) an 80s night.  Then again, I'm old.  Anyway, this being Vegas, the only time you can find a reference to a top 40s club is when you do a search and find reviews from people saying, "thank god this isn't a top 40s club," so we were stuck.  We considered going back to Voodoo, where they did play a lot of top 40s, but it was in the 40s that night, and a rooftop may not have been the best option.In any event, we were here for the Rock n Roll Half Marathon, and as SLS was the sponsor hotel, a lot of the runner perks involved SLS restaurants and clubs, including free VIP entry and open bar for an hour at Life.  Naturally, we took advantage of it that Friday.First, I have to mention the security and bouncers.  I have never been to a club or lounge where they were gracious and welcoming.  Usually, it's a look that they want to kill you.  But here, the security checking ID smiled and talked to us and welcomed us - even though we weren't paying to get in.  Other people on line working for the club gave us drink passes, even though as runners, we already had an hour of open bar.  Even my girlfriend commented to the bouncer that he was the nicest bouncer we had ever come across, and it was true.  Yes, they looked like they could break my face in 20 places and typically, if you talk to me for more than 5 minutes, you do want to break my face.  Therefore, we moved in quickly.  Even once inside the club, I had to ask security where the restrooms were, and instead of pointing, he got someone to cover his spot and walked me there.  Maybe it was the suit and that I looked respectable.Anyway, once inside, this is a very spacious venue.  A good size dance floor surrounded by VIP tables, but the paths between the tables were wide enough that you could actually walk through and not intrude.  There is one long bar by the front door and 2 more smaller ones in the corners.  Obviously, the open bar was early on, so the club was not busy yet.  The bartenders may not have been the friendliest people in the world (seriously, security was nicer), but they were quick and efficient and they did not let up on the pour one bit, even for a free drink.  Frankly, I don't care if my bartender is friendly if he is quick and generous on the pours - two things you generally can't expect with free drinks, but we got them.Back on topic - the music.  Like Is said, EDM isn't my thing, but these DJs were good.  Not every beat was great, but my girlfriend and I had no problem dancing to it and enjoying it.  Her friends we were with didn't like it as much, but as far as EDM goes, this was some of the better I heard.  It looked like a house DJ to start and then a guest DJ - two woman, twins I think, but I only say that in case you're a DJ follower and recognize two young twin female DJs and know what I am talking about.  I couldn't care less as long as I enjoyed the music, and they were great.  Stayed a lot later than I thought we would because the music was that enjoyable and we had a blast.Crowd-wise, it didn't get too busy for some reason, or at least, they controlled the crowd well.  Never got too stuffy and always had room to dance, though granted, it did get a little tighter as the night went on.  No one was pushy except for one or two guys trying to get with my girlfriend and her friends, but unfortunately, that's just something you have to deal with.Life is definitely one to come back to.
1	My experience at LIFE was just terrible. First off I was staying at the SLS for my birthday with my two best friends and the concierge arranged for the 3 of us to get in without a cover charge and a couple complimentary drinks as long as we would get to the club by 11pm; I thought it was a really nice gesture since we were already having some problems with the staying itself. We got there at 10:30pm it was a completely mess we first got in the VIP line and they told us to go to a different line because we only had our names in the guest list. well the other line consisted of a bunch of people pile all together by the bouncer after waiting for 45 minutes our promoter got us in to the next line where we would get ID checked that's when the hostess came in and said I had to pay 55 bucks to go in I told her about what concierge told me and she told me she couldn't honor it because it was pass 11pm. I would be totally cool if I had got there after 11pm but I did not and I told her so, she called the "door manager" that btw was the exactly same guy I talked to at 10:30 in the first line he did recognized me and said yes you got here before 11 but is 11 now and I CAN'T DO NOTHING. I went over again about being a LUX guest at the hotel and it was my birthday and at the top of it he knew I was there on time, nothing happenned and I ended up going to Hakkasan where I did not pay to get even without guest list and ended up getting a deal on a bottle service and Tiesto was just great. I want to say that it wasn't about the money but it was about bad service and total disrespect with me and my friends as guest.
2	I love their DJ line up, but I hate how this club was designed. If anyone has been to Light nightclub at the Mandalay Bay, this club looks a lot like it but smaller. Their fog machine goes off way too many times and it's freezing for girls too!! I feel like they leave it on for 15 secs long. TOO MUCH!
3	Nice Venue, Good Service, Bad MusicI'm a fan of EDM, but Life only played jungle the entire time I was there.  Good clubs will mix up their EDM with a mixture of house music with lyrics instead of just playing beats.  Unless you're a hardcore raver, you won't really enjoy the music experience at Life.  The beats are just too fast to really enjoy dancing to, and the mixes are terrible.  If you're going to a club, just go to Hakkasan, XS, or Marquee and you'll have a better time.  The nice thing about Life was the promoters giving away free drinks to show up.  We also scored more free drinks by signing up for the e-mail list serve.  Also, the club is nice and open, and fairly clean.  The crowd was nice and it wasn't super crowded, so those were two positives.  That said, I'm never going back to Life unless it's free with free drinks.
2	Gg
5	Had so much fun here!Nice venue and pretty spacious as well. I loved all the confetti and sparkles flying all over the place. Music was awesome and I loved the lights.
3	I contacted Ryan Henderson only a few days before going to Vegas and he was very accommodating and worked to help us get in. If you need help, he is your go to man. Call him for guest list/bottle service at 510-386-0233. He was even able to hook it up with Gareth Emery playing that night.The club itself was very spacious with good location of bars throughout the floor. The music was ok but was a bit slow at some points. The main attraction that brought us to the club was Gareth Emery. This place being so new has a lot of potential to be really amazing. With the right headliners and set up, I think this place could be really fun. The only downside is that it is ALL the way at the end of the strip.
4	Went to Life this past weekend to see Gareth Emery, and my party and I had a terrific time. Following previous reviews on here, I proceeded to contact Ryan Henderson and he got us on the guestlist immediately and was at the club entrance to greet us. He got us a good deal on a table and even went out of his way to help us locate one of our friends after the event was over. Don't hesitate to hit him up for guestlist and bottle service! (510) 386-0233.
4	Life isn't the biggest or flashiest club in Vegas, but I had a really awesome and memorable time this past weekend. My boyfriend and I were staying at the SLS and it just so happened that one of my favorite DJ's at the moment, 3LAU, was playing on Friday night. Convenient, perfect, and fate are words that come to mind. We arrived around 12:30am and luckily there wasn't much of a line, and my VIP host friend Bryan got us right in. The club is really nice and wasn't extremely busy, but that made getting some pics taken in the photo booth quick and easy. We got an actual copy and electronic version sent through email. Bathrooms were nearby and clean with cigarettes and gum available for purchase ($20 including tip). I also thought it was kind of cool that the sink area of the bathroom is communal. The dance floor was so much fun and definitely the place to be. They handed out light sticks and the DJ was amazing - perfect for fist pumping.
4	Brian (our club host) was both kind and helpful.  They have a complimentary photo booth to help remember the moment in case you black out from too much to "fun".  This past Friday night was less than packed which was actually nice since you could move about freely.
2	Zzzzzzz!  Boring, Crappy DJ (was there even a DJ or just shitty music spinning) small!  Awful bottle service!  I kinda hate everything about it!  Even getting free comp'd bottle service it was awful!  We left and actually went to our work bar!  Maybe I'm spoiled by XS and Hakkasun I don't know but it was awful!
5	We celebrated a friend's birthday here and we had a blast. Amir is the person to contact for anything you need in Vegas. He really cares about his clients and makes sure that they have a great time. I love this guy!! Call him at 310.980.7426 when you go to Vegas. Not only did he make sure my entire party got in right when we walked up, he hooked us up with drinks and a follow up text the next morning making sure we had a great time. Thank you!!
5	Life is the spot to be on weekends when you're at SLS. It's a larger venue and they have acrobatic performers scattered throughout!! Downside is the line though. It can get super congested out front. Luckily, our host Amir was able to get us in right away! He met us in front and walked us in. How easy he made it really put me in a better mood to party. :-) contact him if you need a host! 310.980.7426. I think he does Foxtail too!
5	I love Vegas, but I hate having to wait in lines to get into clubs and dealing with all the headaches and mess. I was in Vegas few weeks ago with a big group of friends and we were already stressing where to go and how to manage everything. A friend of mine who was in Vegas few weeks before us told me about this guy Amir at Life. Honestly I wasn't going to contact him but I'm soooooooo glad I did. I called him and he was so helpful and professional. He got us in Life and XS without waiting in line and also recommended few places to go and have dinner at and hang out. Amir was so professional and everything he said he did. Im going back to Vegas in March and I am already contacting him to plan out my trip. If youwant experience Vegas VIP style just contact Amir at 310-980-7426. :)
3	Surprisingly,  I liked it more than I thought I was going to but I still think it's average for a vegas club. Sls is super, super far from the main street so the taxi ride had to be worthwhile. I would recommend coming here once just to try it out but otherwise, I'll stick with the clubs on the strip. Ladies were comped but guys $35. The place is pretty small but there weren't a lot of people so plenty of space to dance and move around. I suppose that is a positive because there was plenty of seating and it never felt like sardines. We got comped drink tickets and the bar wasn't that busy. The dj was edm which we liked. The bathroom had a unisex sink area but the toilets are separated. I was very surprised that the crowd was fairly attractive overall.
5	Amazing experience! We booked the ticket online and we got to skip the line. $30 for men and $20 for ladies. We went at 11:00. The line was not long at all, and there were good amount of people in it. The DJ played some very good music and there were party people put on some shows. The club is pretty big and there are a few booths that are free. More people coming after midnight but it's not packed, which is a big plus. I would say people who hang out there are older. I didn't see drunk idiots. I had a great time and I would highly recommend LiFE to you.
1	I was at LIFE Nightclub last night at SLS Las Vegas. What a waste of a venue. I've never been to a club with louder "music" in my life. And you can't even call it music, just a whole lot of base with nothing else going on. Imagine dancing to "base" all night, yeah, a  lot of fun huh? Not. AVOID AVOID AVOID.Now imagine the club with the loudest music you've ever been to, you know the really annoying kind that you think "what  the heck are they trying to do?"....and then increase that by 3 times to the point that you cant stand it even if you wanted to because it actually hurts your eardrums and they feel like they're about to explode. AVOID AVOID AVOID.And that's at the entrance! When I walked down to the dance floor it was SO MUCH WORSE! How can you enjoy anything when there's no music, just a bunch of base, and feel like they're going to explode with every beat? You're going to dance when your ears are hurting and you can't have a good time? I don't think so. AVOID AVOID AVOID.These people have no clue what good music is and the volume is just plain annoying. Not only that, it's dangerous.
2	Last night was my first time here, and I enjoy Ingrosso.  That aside it was too loud, waaayy too loud.  It was impossible to talk to my friends.  The venue itself seems thrown together.  It's too large--now I see why Marquee closes off sections as it gets later and why Light closes the balcony off on slow nights.You won't see me here again.
5	This is my first review and it's for a good reason ^__^ shout out to the super friendly staff I went to LiFE on Tuesday 12/30 to see Sebastian Ingrosso. When they started giving out free lightsticks, someone moved the box of lightsticks, causing my phone to slip into the crack between the stage and the speaker. I tried reaching for my phone but it was in too deep. The workers tried helping by using different hooks but they couldn't get it. The next morning, we called the lost and found to see if they found an iPhone 6, and they said they hadn't. So my friends and I went over to the club again to try to talk to someone since I knew the exact location of my phone. The manager tried to look for it again, but couldn't find it. Thankfully, he let us in because we knew the location and we were able to show him where my phone was. We could clearly see my phone within all the confetti in the crack since it would light up and play the ringtone whenever we would call. Some of the workers who were setting up for the Steve Angello event tried helping out, and eventually the engineering team (I think) was called to help. Since they couldn't move the speakers (bolted to the ground), they eventually brought in vacuums, different hooks, and claw grabbers to pick up my phone. They almost got my phone at one point, but ended up dropping it at the last minute. Eventually, they couldn't see my phone anymore and so they gave up. In total, I think around eight workers tried helping me get my iPhone back. I was just really surprised that they put in so much effort to get my phone back LOLOn New Years, my friend got a call saying that they found my iPhone so we went to go pick it up at SLS ^__^ and later on in the day, one of the workers who had been trying to get my phone the day before, called to make sure that I got my phone. Turns out that they were able to pick it up by taping duct tape around a wooden stick and sliding it down LOL Despite all that, I had an amazing time at LiFE. There was barely any wait, quick service at the bar, and they gave out free lightsticks and tickets for free drinks! TL;DR: AMAZINGLY HELPFUL STAFF! they were so friendly with helping me get my iPhone back! I enjoyed the venue and the music ^_^ I had a great time here and would come back again :)
5	Awsome club, gareth emery  was the best.  All of the workers were dope. Make sure you have a good promoter. Line was super quick. Packed club. Good layout. Overall not bad. It really depends on when you go. Good start to the new  year.
5	I am not a Vegas Night Club regular but a friend had her Birthday Party here Saturday December 19, 2014 and it was a blast. There were about 20 of us. We got in right away, the DJ was on point, the lightening, getting on the dance floor, the staff, dancers, photo booth all made for a great night. I would get again! See you there..
5	We had a very enjoyable time dancing and drinking all around this crazy club! Let me be the first to say that I have never really been to one of these Las Vegas nightclubs before. I know, I know this sounds crazy but it's true. This was my first experience. From what I understand this venue used to be the old show theatre in the old Sahara casino which also I never visited. The size seemed good and manageable if not packed. But,  that's half the fun, navigating the drunken party happy crowd to get to the bar I was surprised that it seemed to be a very mixed crowd as far as age, sex, race et all which was great to see. We were wearing earplugs because we work in an industry where we need to protect our hearing but actually it's very loud maybe everyone should have plugs! We made our way to the bar and met a lovely and super cool dark haired female bartender who helped us get drinks at the packed bar. We kept returning to her all night each time she sent us away with glasses full and a smile! Actually chilling by the bar and watching everyone else party down was possibly my favorite part. The restrooms have a shared washing hands room which I haven't ever seen anywhere before but definitely makes for interesting guest flirtation time where the volume is manageable and people can chat. This place has some really cool special effects and wow moments which I won't spoil here but as someone who is in showbiz even I was wowed by the spectacle of it all. For beginners and pros alike I say check out this new addition the the Vegas nightclub scene.
3	I can't quite put my finger on why I didn't love this place....It's very shiny, fast drink service, not too crowded, clean....  Maybe it's for those exact reasons, in that it's too clinical, clean in its execution, that it just wasn't my cup of tea.  Also to be real with you I really don't know wtf I'm suppose to do with the music they play at clubs...( Pure, return!) The boys and I agree that we should of just gone to a bar...next time.
4	This was my boyfriend and my first trip out to Viva Las Vegas, together, and we have already been out to the big clubs, XS, Hakkasan, Marquee... etc. So this time around we were determined to check out the newer clubs that we have yet to go to, which included LiFE Nightclub at the new SLS Hotel. As everyone is pretty aware in Vegas, as long as you contact promoters girls are pretty much generally covered. I guess I will take this time to thank specifically Rickey Savala for being ever so helpful with putting me and my boyfriend on guestlist as well as making sure we have the proper details and ALSO comping us with free complimentary drinks each (never had that kind of service before). I don't know, maybe it was a new way to promote the new club but, I'm not complaining !Thanks to guestlist, we avoided the semi-long line and were guided to the shorter, guestlist line. Being at Vegas in the Winter, is absolutely freezing so girls will scurry inside to any building available but, I wasn't expecting the club to be so cold inside.I guess it made sense for later when more people started showing up.The venue itself is pretty big and spacious and the dance floor as well is big enough to have your own space to dance. I believe they had one bar and they do have a coat check but, we had such a hard time finding it. Circled the venue and asked couple times for proper directions but kept missing it due to it being literally hidden behind a wall by a curtain which blends in with the wall. Why... ?The bathroom too is a little big confusing because the sinks are unisex but the stalls are divided into men and women. Can you imagine how confused buzzed or drunk people will be walking into that ? HA !Overall, I have to say for a club that is kind of a bit further down the strip and people would have to make their way out there, I was pleasantly surprised with the amount of people that eventually did show up and the venue itself ! And they bring in good dj's as well (the night we went it was Gareth Emery).Good Job LiFE ! Def, will see you again :)
5	Recently was in Vegas with a bunch of friends, ended up at LiFE Nightclub @ the SLS. We had such a great time thanks to Amir :) Can't wait to be back next month! If you're looking for a hook up, contact Amir 310-980-7426.
