5	This shop is tiny but tardis like. It has an amazing range of punky, gothy, scenester, emo clothing. You can find some bargains here but most of their prices are pretty par for the course. The staff are nice but perhaps a bit over zealous on the can I help you front. If you buy lots of things they will give you discount. I even got a discount because they kept me waiting so long. (their opinion not mine) There's always a nice vibe and even oldies like me are made to feel most welcome.
3	I'm really not sure how to approach reviewing Electric Cabaret.I Love unique, and independent shops - so Electric Cabaret ticks all the right boxes by being independent ans very unique indeed. A clothing store that supplies alternative styles, as well as jeweleries, trinkets and various other bits and bobs from hair dye and stationary and wooden owls (?) Electric Cabarat has everything it could possibly need for its customers and thier styles. Kind of gotthy/punk chique. Hell, one of the staff even looks like the long lost twin of a certain famous Pirate of the Carribean.The trouble is that despite having all of these items for sale, I have never found anything that I have ever actually wanted to buy - its more like a museum of curiosities than a shop - its just all a bit odd, rubbish or too out there. On saying that though, I really am not the type of person who can pull off this style, so I'm not really one to judge whether this stuff is fashionable.If you like having a unique style and need a unique shop to get it from, this is your place!
4	It saddens me that I'm veering away from this kind of style to something more tame - never thought I'd see the bloody day I'd ditch the leopard leg warmers! But I still really like Electric Cabaret, and think it has that little bit more to offer than the usual ten-a-penny emo type stores.Selling jeans for guys and broads from Tripp. Jist, Rock Steady and so on, Electric Cabaret specialise in skinny jeans, loud leopard print dresses and Manic Panic hair dye. There are some cute psychobilly dresses and zombie B Movie inspired tees for guys. A bit like Voodoo on Cockburn Street but with a bit more variety.They have some lovely, chunky jewellery in here that has balls and makes a statement. Prices vary from decent to more expensive, but their jeans and dresses will last a lifetime. They stock the creme de la creme of scene and punk brands.Keeping a bit more old school, I like this place since it's not emo, although there are sure to be some clothes in here that would appeal to people who like that fashion. But it's a good mix of everything, and always has been. I used to live in here when I was younger and loved making the trip through to treat myself to a new rockabilly skirt. I don't buy as much stuff like that now but I still love their massive heels and sexy dresses!To the girl behind the counter with the green hair - I love it!
3	I'll put aside my loathing of all things 'Emo' especially for this shop. Electric Cabaret stocks all the grungy jeans, unusual accessories and black coloured tops you'll ever need for the Gothic or Emo dress senses, although I reckon this place has firmly shifted to the Emo clothing scene as of late.The staff, unlike so many similar stores, don't have an anti-society attitude: They're chatty and informative and seem to be welcoming to anyone who walks in.  Don't be fooled by the colourful exterior though, inside it's the complete opposite.
4	If I were 16 I would probably be in this shop every weekend, picking up some form of band patch or some form of studded accessory. Since growing up and becoming slightly less of a rock kid I shop in these places less often but still pick up a gem here and there. Electric cabaret is exactly what you'd expect from a rock clothing store, there is a load of black, red and white, with occasional flashes of electric pink or cream peeking out of a clothes rail. There are fishnets, tutus, hoodies, jeans with a ridonkulous amount of buckles and gothic / hardcore t-shirts. As well as this they have a load of accessories, belts, necklaces, bracelets, sunglasses etc, and a pretty big selection of make up. The best part of the shop though is that you can get shoes here that is is almost impossible to buy anywhere else, including T.U.K.s that used to be a staple of my weekend uniform. The shoes here are genuinely cool, and most rockabilly themed, but can be paired up with many different styles. Also if they do not have a style that you want, you can give them the details and they will order them in for you.The clothes aren't massively cheap but few of these niche stores are. The staff are great as well, especially if you get served by Captain Jack Sparrow. Go in and you'll see what I mean
5	If you could capture Electric Cabaret's style in a film it would be John Waters - Cry Baby.We're talking drainpipe jeans, leopard print daisy dukes, punk rock tee shirts, rock and roll tee shirts, polka dot blouses, beat up leather jackets, motorcycle belts, brothel creepers and drop-dead-gorgeous 1950s dresses. Sadly for the ladies, there's no Johnny Depp lookalike with a tattooed tear.
4	Electric Cabaret reminds me of being 17 and going to Manchester for a Marilyn Manson gig with a couple of my pals. Two of us turned up to get the coach at Glasgow Queen Street, in jeans and black t-shirts, to find that every single one of our co-travellers (including our other pal) dressed head to toe like extras from the Rocky Horror Show. It's the only time I've ever felt particularly awkward about my stiff upper lip.I was a bit too pissed to fully appreciate the gig, but he played my favourite song so I left happy and all the other angsty adolescents were perfectly welcoming despite my more mainstream appearance.Anyway, there seems to be a huge demand for shops like this in Edinburgh, with their part heavy metal, part saucy thing going on. This one ticks all the boxes for anyone whose parents just don't understand them and is a little more sanitised than some of its seedier rivals.All present and correct then.
