2	PC is one of those low brow chain stores that everyone thumbs their noses at until they desperately need something from there. That's right, Party City, you're the Wal-Mart of party supply stores. And what's with the clever misnomer? I've been inside PC many an unfortunate occasion, and have yet to see a party. Only disheveled parents shuffling around trash-strewn aisles searching for Dora the Explorder party favors. I never understood party favors. I mean, I can see giving your guests some leftover finger food or some unopened bottles of soda/liquor on their way out, but no one ever says "HOT DAMN THAT WAS AN AWESOME PARTY! AND LOOK, I GOT A FUCKING NINJA TURTLES NOISEMAKER! THIS WAS THE BEST PARTY EVER!"When I host a party, I admittedly make goodie bags for the guests, but they're usually full of things they're going to use during or after the party (lotion, candy, condoms, I'm not going to elaborate any further). You're not going to find any of that useful shit at Party City. And anybody who admits to have bought their costume at Party City isn't going to be at any parties where there will be pictures taken. Because there is nothing worse than browsing through pictures of a party and hearing people chuckle "where the fuck did he/she get that costume?". Do yourself a favor and buy a real costume, or make one yourself. And for the record, anything from Legs Avenue does not count as a costume. Legs Avenue costumes are constructed around one simple premise; that one can have sex in it without having to do any major adjusting. That's not a costume you're wearing, it's very elaborate underwear. Go to Spirit or Easley's, get a real costume, and God help you if you come back as a schoolgirl or as The Crow. The most intriguing aspect of PC is their hiring policy. While Guitar Center may actually attempt to hire people who know stuff about guitars, Party City goes out of their way to hire people with no party-attending experience. Got a question? So do they; why are you asking? They don't know. They're just here until Zia Records starts hiring again.The one thing Party City does well is uphold corporate standards. Every store is at the same level of filthiness, and every staff member is guaranteed to be the idiot you were hoping they wouldn't be. It's exactly the kind of insipid conformity you'd expect from a chain.Just give me a few more minutes and I'll get off the high horse.I'm hostessing a Halloween party this month, and you can bet you won't find me looking for skeleton napkins and vampire plates here. Unless I forget to buy them earlier and end up running here because it's right by my house and really convenient, but I will totally lie about where I got them if you ask me later. Don't ask to see the receipt. It's in the trash with my Wal-Mart receipt and Whopper wrapper.
2	I was very disappointed at the fact that I drove way out of my way on the way to a wedding to desperately try to find this location to get my gift wrapped only to find out that PC does not do gift wrapping.  Not only that, but the rental car I was in... I should call it a clown car almost got creamed in the parking lot by someone thinking that the parking lot was a race track.... sheesh.  I think I was already stressed out not knowing where I was going and being in a strange town.PC is okay for everything else, maybe not last minute running around for parties, but good for picking up favors and maybe costume accessories - they've always seem to disappoint me the last couple of times I needed them though.
3	It is what it is. Party City is a store I love to hate. I like to see all the cool stuff they have but they are very expensive, overpriced for the quality, do not allow returns, and give only corporations buying for more than 50 a discount. They also do not know which corporations they do offer a discount unless you are at that specific location. I find that weird in the 21st century techno world we live in.    If you need thematic party stuff you will probably find it here but at triple the price of Wallymart or the Dollar store. The  Merchandise is different at each location and I have been bummed steer a lot on that. If you are not picky you will do well. Or if you need something very specific you might be lucky here.   I do have an issue with their return policy though. I feel they are being a bit dishonest here. I recently purchased some items for a themed school book event at this Maryvale location. One of the costume accessories did not work. It broke right out of the package. No returns means I got ripped off. Let me tell you the ten dollar price tag on a 2 dollar item made the situation's pain a lot worse. I understand the reasoning behind no refunds on costumes but in this case they should stand behind faulty items.   I find the Metro location a bit better and the Chandler location the cleanest. This location is kind of gross! I usually end up buying online from Stumps or WindCity Novelties but shop here in a pinch. Balloons are super expensive here compared to DollarTree but they do have some really cool designs and more variety.
5	I was doing an errand for my Niece's birthday party with a coupon that did not qualify for the helium tank I was supposed to get. The Manager Eddie came to the rescue and got the 48 balloons expertly filled (saving me my next errand) for about what I was going to pay for the helium anyway. Very impressive customer service. Thanks Eddie and Party City.
5	*Excellent variety * super clean store * well stocked * friendly people * Worth the trip!!!     I had to find a party store and was at Banner Estrella Hospital.  This Party City location came up in a search on my phone.  I am not familiar with that part of town but easily found it.   I was so pleased with how friendly and helpful everyone in the store was as soon as I walked in.   They had a huge selection of themed party goods including candies that matched!   Aisles and aisles of neatly stocked party goods gave me great ideas for both work related events and personal parties and entertaining.   The manager Ed was the nicest guy and we chatted quite a bit.   I read other reviews and don't know what they are talking about because this fantastic.   I am very familiar with Party City and this was the most well stocked, with huge variety and cleanest store I have seen.   Prices are good - certainly no more expensive than other party stores. While I was there 2 people came in for returns and they were handled without any problem.  I heard the transactions - so I have no idea why someone said they didnt take returns.    I will go out of my way to shop here, even though it is quite far from my home.   Thanks! And I cant wait to visit at Halloween!
1	Over priced and disorganized!
3	Just to many people and not enough casheirs  available. They always come up front when it gets busy but by then you have the long lines with someone fighting over  an ad price.
3	I love the selection at this store. They have fabulous costumes, awesome props.I bought a costume today but one older, larger lady on the lower level floor had to be one of the rudest people I've ever encountered. She may very well be a good loss prevention asset but she may be a purchaser deterent as well! I am in costumer service and understand the stresses. This woman was mean to everyone regardless of their temperment.
