5	I've been with Allstate since I was 16 so I was very trepidatious about switching companies. Allstate's rates keep going up and I decided to go online and get some free quotes with other companies.Not only did I get a free rate quote with State Farm, but they also sent me a follow up email as well as a mock up policy mailed directly to me! Since State Farm was the only company that had the moxie to follow up with me, and "court" me, I decided to call and figure out my options. I talked to Jesse on the phone and he was extremely friendly and helpful. We figured out a plan that was the similar to the plan I had with Allstate, except for the fact that it was $108.00 less per month! I made plans to stop by the branch the next day to sign my new policy.When I got to the branch, I was pleasantly surprised to have the door opened for me and be welcomed by everyone there. I was instantly ushered to Jesse's desk where I painlessly signed for my new policy and enjoyed small talk with the staff. Kerry Gulino came into the branch while I was there and he is incredibly personable and friendly. He offered me all kinds of State Farm swag and let me tell you, State Farm has a plethora of swag. There were nail files, chip clips, calendars, chapstick, pens, etc....I feel I had to mention this because all I ever got from Allstate was a crummy magnet.Anyway, I wanted to thank Kerry, Jesse, and everyone at  State Farm on South Durango for making the switch pleasant, hassle free, and easier on my wallet!
1	Very unsatisfied with this insurance company location and staff. Had called in August to cancel all of my policies with State Farm Kerry gulinos office back in August 2012. They told me over the phone everything was canceled and I thought everything was okay. I had new policies with another company. In December I got an email stating my bill was due so I called the office. I spoke with Brian on dec. 24 and he told me my renters policy was still active. I told him the situation and he apologized and told me that he would backdate back to August because they obviously had made a mistake and did not cancel all my policies like I asked. I had moved since then so I wasn't even at the same address I was paying insurance for! He asked me for an updated address in which I gave him so I could receive my refund. I waited until around the end of January and ended up receiving another bill for this policy Brian had supposedly canceled that I was supposed to receive a refund for! I called again and spoke with either Kerry or Brian yet again quite frustrated and he apologized again and told me that he would cancel the policy right as we were on the phone. Then he told me I wouldn't receive a refund and basically denied all previous conversations.  After this i received an email update asking for me to pay this same bill again because my policy still was not canceled! i called sunday and they are closed so someone was going to call me back... i got a call back from brian or kerry.He told me Lisa would call and days later she called me. Again- no help here. She told me I never requested to have the policy canceled that I called on dec. 24 because I wanted to update the address so I have coverage on my new house! Never did I say that because I have policies elsewhere! For 6 months already. She questioned why I waited the whole policy to contact them- when I told her I called once and assumed when the staff there told me it was canceled.. It was canceled. I asked how do I need go verify that it is canceled? Do I need to keep calling every day to make sure you really canceled it? I spoke with Lisa I believe on jan. 27 or 28, today is jan 31... You guessed it- I received a call from Brian asking why I haven't paid this bill yeti again. A month of the run around and I will not get my money back for the policy I canceled in August. I would recommend if you must go to State Farm use another office because these people are LIARS!  When you decide to switch a company you should not have to deal with people messing with your money because they don't want you to switch and then they lie and cover up each others messes. Very very disappointed.
4	Been with Kerry/St. Farm since March 2013 and appreciate the professionalism and customer support I've received with every call, ever since I first requested a quote. We had to file a claim and the process went extremely smooth and quick. Not at all the frustration I experienced with GEICO about 8 years ago.
5	I had the best experience I have ever had buying insurance. First off I initially was in the area to buy insurance from another company but the representative there was so rude and their price was outrageous , so I told them that I would think about it and maybe come back later. I notice the state farm right across the parking lot so I walked in and everyone was smiling and so polite especially the agent who helped me Liliana, she is the best !! She got me such a great deal and was so kind I really never ever take the time to write reviews but Liliana was just so amazing I feel she really deserves some recognition for her outstanding customer service. THANK YOU AGAIN, EVERYONE AT TERRY GULINO's State Farm!
