4	Very good burger at a great price.  It's wonderful to have the option to build your own with a good list of ingredients.  Fries and onion rings are tasty, and the chicken sandwich was well seasoned/tasted wonderful.  We will be back again.
2	i went last week with my wife and two kids. the burger was ok, the meat was not as flavorful as say smash burger or delux. the kids didnt eat, as they are not hot dog or hamburger fans. i was hoping that they served pizza like the other location. the frys were good crispy hot, and tasty. long story short, we were the only ones there and the cook messed up the one burger that we ordered. i talked to the lady who looked to be the owner/manager and expressed my concerns. i will try it again, this time without the kids. At this price point the burger was not saved by the great mushrooms, and tasty frys. smash burger is at the same price, and their burger was by far tastier.
4	I like the freedom to pile up as much or as little as I want and they have a nice fresh selection!  ASK for sourdough bread, you won't regret it!Good service.  Nice decor, not over the top but very fun and lighthearted. You get Onion Rings OR Steak Fries OR Potato Salad as a side, no price difference.  Good thing I brought my Lunch Buddy - we  ended up with Fries AND O-rings...........life is GOOD.  Gnarly is a Great Addition to the neighborhood.  Definitely added to my list of favs.
4	I had the portabella sandwich and it was DELICIOOOOUS! Fries were very tasty too :) Love the cool, clean, and eclectic environment of course. Only thing I would change is I wish the lemonade was a bit more icey like the 5th st and camelback location.
4	I love me a good burger, who doesn't though really? They just opened and in a great location to mi casa. The burger I had was awesome, topped with all my faves. The best thing is that you get to pick all your own toppings so every burger is an original. I also got a great helping of onion rings on the side, yummy. They have to be home made because they were much better than that crap you get some places that tastes like cardboard. They even have a drive thru window for anyones convenience. You can call your order in then drive up and snag it from one of the great friendly staff members. Good to know info: They have a menu on the bar from the Bar across the way Ice House Tavern, where you can get a discount on your drinks if you take your food to eat there or if you want you can grab a few togos from them and Two Hippies will let you drink 'em in their joint. Gotta check them out for sure!
5	stopped by for lunch with my grandmother. I'm SOOOO glad I chose to come here. $10 for a drink, onion rings and burger. Guacamole AND GARLIC on my burger?! YES PLEASE!! oh and the onion rings are AWESOME!! Try the desert pear lemonade, it's fantastic. I will definitely be coming back!
5	This place rocks!  Went in the other day and tried the Mushroom burger, super tasty; you can pile the toppings high as you like.  The onion rings are pure goodness.Very friendly staff, just be patient, as it takes a few minutes to prepare!
5	Great Burgers, fast and friendly service.  It's a bit hidden in the corner of a strip mall & small but nice inside.  Good selection of meats, toppings and sauces and great fries.
5	Finally.  A burger joint worth driving for.  I used to frequent the now defunct Two Hippies Magic Mushroom Burgers on Indian School and 9th.  I was running errands and in the mood for a good burger.  Yelp (which pretty much guides my life) let me know there was a Two Hippies Burgers on 40th and Thomas.  Lucky me.  I was on 36th and thomas.  I walked in expecting the place to be the same as the other location.  It was not.  IT WAS BETTER.  I was greeted by a tall blackboard with a list of every ingredient in the place that can be thrown on a burger.  The Build your own burger concept is awesome which ensures you ALWAYS get the exactly what  you want.  There is no cheating with the meat ( i am looking at you 5 guys) and the bread was as soft as can be.  i ordered mine with grilled onions, mushrooms, and fresh jalapeno, topped off with BBQ sauce.  Paired with a giant pile of steak cut fries and an ice cold Dr. Pepper, I could not have been more satisfied with my choice.  I think i may go back today and try another original creation!
5	Great food, try the burger with carmelized onion and roasted garlic
4	Sauteed onions mushrooms cheddar burger on sougherdough with onion rings.  Had to use every napkin.  Quite the messy burger.  Good stuff. All the toppings could not vouch for the burger.  It was in there somewhere.  Busy crowd at 11.  Small place.  Very friendly.  I give credit to yelp.  I would have gone in by the name alone and banner signs.  There is really no direct parking, so its not something you walk by.  I would expect to find this place off the beach.  I'll be back.
5	This is one of the best burger joints in the area, it's a built your own burger, so you decide your toppings. For 6 bucks you get a jumbo sized burger and handful of fries, make sure you ask for extra napkins because its a big juicy messy burger. I have to admit, the location is not the best (behind a closed blockbuster).
5	NOFX said "Never Trust A Hippy"...Wonder if Fat Mike ever had a burger here? Because I'd definitely put my trust in these hippies as they know how to make a mean, mean burger. I was seriously blown away by this place on my first and only visit here. It's funny because my trip here was in due to a few factors. One, I was on my way back to the west side of the valley (Avondale) where my brother lives, after a day of disc golfing in Scottsdale and Fountain Hills. My original eating destination was closed and in a "Plan B" move, I bust out my Yelp App and this place came up as the first suggestion. And with a name like Two Hippies Gnarly Burger Joint...it was a must see and must taste. The look of the place definitely fits the name. Walking in, you see a hodgepodge of 60s psychedelia, vinyl records, VW bus toys and pictures of classic rockers like Frank Zappa, Jerry Garcia and The Rolling Stones. The menu hangs behind the counter, all done up on a chalkboard. There's even a back room called "The Man Cave" where you can drop in, tune out and pig out amongst vinyl records and other pictures. It's a build-your-own burger joint where the list of toppings is pretty extensive. You also don't have to do a burger...you can do chicken, portobello mushroom or even cheese steak. And you also have a choice of bun as well...the name of the game here is CHOICE! They also do various flavors of lemonade...with at least 7-10 favors to choose from. For this visit, I went with a burger with sauteed mushrooms, lettuce, tomato, mustard, guacamole, Swiss cheese on an onion roll. This came with a side of their beer battered onion rings. I also tried one of their peach lemonades. I was able to use my Yelp check-in discount and got my lemonade for half price. Score! So where to start??? The burger was messy but heavenly!!! Super fresh ingredients and while I thought upon ordering that my burger was going to be a bit too "busy" with all kinds of different flavors, it worked nicely. The onion rings were super light and the actual onions were fresh. The lemonade was refreshing, especially after a day playing golf in the hot Arizona sun. I pretty much destroyed my meal...I mean I SLAMMED it! I decided to take another lemonade for the road and Sherl (one of the managers, along with her husband) laid on a "MYSTERY" lemonade to me in order to see if I would be able to guess it....And sure enough, I got it right...and the first person to correctly identify the flavor. So if you are intrigued by this review, go in for a burger...some onion rings...talk to Sherl (she is super nice, very friendly and personable)...take in the "groovy" atmosphere and try to guess the "Mystery" lemonade (or any of the other lemonades)...I guarantee you will not be disappointed. And to tell the truth, this place is so good I'm really wishing Phoenix was only a few hour drive away...it's that good!
5	This is my favorite spot to eat in phoenix.  There is no better place, Ive looked.  Here's the thing though....I know its called two hippies gnarly BURGER Joint, but if you've never made your own cheesesteak or chicken sandwich here, SHAME ON YOU.  What is wrong with you?  Do you think they only know how to make burgers?  You gotta be kidding me!  And if you didnt know, now you do, but extra meat for 2 dollars means you can make a burger with cheese steak on it for 2 more dollars.  You read that right. Thats fucking amazing! Absolutely delicious.  Wouldnt know that if a previous guest hadnt written it on a ceiling tile.  One last thing, as if the food wasnt good enough, you got one of the nicest owners who works every day to make sure you leave with a smile, just dont come in grouchy.  And why would you be when going here?  They give you a card like subway  abandoned "10 years ago" where they take care of their faithful customers.  You come in 10 times, they'll make you a STANDARD meal for free on the 11th visit.  That doesnt mean asking to add egg for free or an extra meat.  Pay for that, they're already giving you a free sandwich and fries onion rings(amazing ones at that) or potato salad so dont be a jackass asking for more free stuff, pay for it if you want it!(yes I saw a customer try this crap, not cool, I'd never ask sheryll for that when she's already giving a hell of a deal.)
5	With my first review of this place, I went the more casual route trying to show there were things you should have tried already and how nice the owner is to everyone.  Explained the deal she gives to frequent customers.This time though, Im just gonna give you a sample of things Ive put together here as my regulars/favorites. There are many crazier things you can make here than I have(like using blue cheese/american cheese or getting pastrami or egg added onto a sandwich), but these are delicious to me.  Just so you know, Im a regular here,  so you can know for sure its always good at anytime they're open(I come different days at different times, not a routine like every monday at 2pm only).  Eaten here over 40 times easily in a half a year to a year max so you know they gotta be doing something right!  My number 1 go to sandwich here is the cheese steak with provolone or pepper jack caramelized onions green chili FRESH basil and pepperoncini, light mayo, light pesto.  Absolutely deliciousNumber 2 Chicken sandwich with pepper jack or provolone caramelized onions green chili FRESH basil pepperoncini guacamole and chipotle.Number 3 Burger with sharp cheddar bacon($1 more) lettuce tomato caramelized onion and green chilli with ketchup and guacamole Number 4 bratwurst with cheddar tomato green chili pepperoncini and caramelized onion, guacamole and chipotleNow if you're really hungry or you just want something that makes you say, this was the best thing Ive eaten in weeks, just add cheese steak($2 more to add extra meat of any kind) to any of these sandwiches and you have one of the best tasting things you can eat in phoenix.I literally just tried the brat with cheese steak($2 more for extra meat) a couple days ago and its still fresh in my mind.  It was one of the greatest things I've ever eaten in my entire life, and I cant emphasize enough that Im from the burbs of chicago and food in general is sacred there.  Eating is a religion in chicago and Im very much a part of it.
5	seriously have the best onion rings i was in heaven!!! service was good food was good i all around loved this place most def going back this weekened!!! truly a gem
3	I'll start this review by divulging that "Build Your Own" concepts really stress me out. I don't go out to restaurants to BUILD MY OWN. That puts WAY too much pressure on me. I much prefer having someone to blame if I don't like what I'm eating, and with Build Your Own the only person I can blame is myself. If I wanted that kind of pressure, I'd have children.Also, how can you really accurately review a "Build Your Own" place. It's impossible! The quality of the experience is based on the reviewer's skill at building stuff! I don't want to know how good you are at making burgers, I want to know how good Two Hippies is at making burgers, AMIRIGHT?  That said, in effort to write a review of this establishment in a way most unaffected by my own culinary skills or lack thereof, I decided to order what I believe should be considered the quintessential "Cheeseburger". To me, that Cheeseburger is clearly: Bun, Burger, Cheese, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion, PICKLE (Some say the pickle is debatable, and they are what's wrong with America) mayonnaise and ketchup.The burger was okay. I asked if I could get it cooked to order, medium rare, and they said yes but the burger was not medium rare. The meat didn't have a ton of flavor and I didn't even get a lot out of the cheese. But the toppings were quality and it was a good size so all-in-all, I enjoyed it. I did not enjoy the fries. I did not receive one fry that, when held vertically, could stand upright on its own devices. They all looked very sad. And it made me sad. I did enjoy the fact that they have Coke Zero and the fact that everything is a reasonable, set price, no matter what toppings you get (including good shit like mushrooms and guacamole). I also enjoy that it's BYOB (Bring Your Own Beer, not Build Your Own Burger. We've already discussed my thoughts on that). Though whenever I see a place is BYOB I always mentally note it and then never do it! I really need to be more proactive in my BYOBing. But it's still nice to know.Overall, while it wasn't the best burger of my life (through no fault of my own), their price and topping selection is good enough that I'll probably come back, even if it means I have to accept full responsibility of the outcome of my burger. Oh, and I'm going to bring beer.
4	Glad I decided to try the Gnarly Burger Joint; loved all the various toppings, all the different sauces, but the great thing was the burger!!! When I decide to drink lemonade again; will be back for one of their several variations on the great anytime AZ drink. Thank you for the steak fries; not shoestrings potatoes.
4	Love the decorations! I'm not one for clutter but this place is a hot mess in the best way.Got potato salad, burger rye with Utah ( ketchup + mayo) and Pepperchinis.  Be warned, I got rye,so my burger was more a sandwich, but I'm not a Semantics Nazi.  In order to really enjoy your burger, you have to cut it in half to get some good food porn for your stomach.  The burger was an amazing mix of flavors and well worth its price.    The place means BYOB is every sense, build it and bring your own beer.  No corking fee, and a friendly staff makes for a good kick back place in the hot afternoon.  One quick note, if you sit on the side, you're next to the kitchen; so unless you want to smell like burger, sit else where. Be sure to wave at the cook.I'll be back with a nice hopped beer and empty stomach.
5	Right around the corner from my house. Delicious burgers and onion rings, yum! Also they have a punch card for returning customers ...
5	Understand that these burgers are stocked with ingredients so if you are a burger purist stay at In-N-Out, but you enjoy your burger smothered with deliciousness make your way here... plus the customer service is the old school, know your name and face type of courtesies that will keep you coming back.
4	I and I decided to give this place a try on saturday. $ 7 for a fresh custom burger with your choice of side? Not too shabby! The burgers were a little on the greasy side, but still good. The steak fries were a little greasy too. But the homemade chips were excellent! We didn't order any but got to try a sample. Next visit I'm going with chips! Yeah, I said next visit. I'll be back!
5	Wow, I was so impressed with this well run business. Burger and fries with chili are exactly what I needed. I could have used a tad more chili, but hey... that's just me... don't let that stop you. The burger was not a gross chewy cheap pice of burger, it was lean, flavorful and well cooked. The chili was thick and the extra sharp cheddar and raw red onion made it a big hit. It was just what I ordered. The owner and staff are friendly, attentive, accommodating and will go out of their way to make sure you get your burger your way.Go try it and ask for everything just the way you want it.High Fives!
5	Ok this place has potential to be my favorite work week lunch spot  Heard about the good burgers but decided to try their Fish Taco Friday deal and wasn't disappointed.I give them tons of props for their generous portions of the fish and loved how they cooked it in very light tempura mixture, which made the fish very crispy, tasty, and not heavy. The cabbage was fresh and the wasabi aioli they added took it to the next level.  One last thing to add is the price..$3 a pop.  2 tacos filled me up and I was happy the rest of the day.    It's a burger joint by name but don't discount it.  They know fish tacos as well so check 'em out.
5	This place is funky fresh.  The burgers are to die for.  This place is the build it your way paradise.  I had a burger with lettuce, tomato, roasted garlic, pesto, with provolone cheese.  Is was great.  The home made onion ringers were awesome too.  The lady behind the counter had extreme customer service skills.  I think she is one of the owner which make it that much better.Ok with all that said I do have one gripe.  They did not take American Express.  That makes me have an extra step when doing my expense report but I will do it again because it is so worth it.
1	Not for vegetarians. Had the mushroom burger, which is a giant mushroom cap on a bun. It was under cooked (cold) and soggy (weird) the taste badly over powered the topping and the bun. Will never go back.
5	One word. Amazing. Build your own incredibly tasty burger for less than $10. Seriously. Not only that, but it includes fries, onion rings or potato salad! How can you beat that? The first time I tried the potato roll with american cheese, garlic, mushrooms, lettuce, bbq sauce, and fries. It was so good. In fact, I returned the next day for another round. Do yourself a favor and try one of the lemonades. I went with the Desert pear. So refreshing! Will definitely be back for more!
5	Wow I love Two Hippies! I loved the old location that used to be on Scottsdale Rd and this location is just as awesome. The staff is very laid back and the quality is top notch, especially for the price. The bf and I didn't feel like cooking and starting fiddling around Yelp and came across this location. I ate at the old location a handful of times in the past but had no idea they had opened a new one hidden in the corner of the 40 Palms plaza. The menu is interesting since it is strictly B.Y.O.B (Build Your Own Burger). I was a little apprehensive at first, but then I realized the limitless options I had in front of me. I quickly weighed my options since it was almost closing time, and went with my gut on what looked good at first glance. We ended up sharing (yes, it was enough for the two of us) a cheeseburger with pepper jack cheese, grilled onions, jalapenos, green chilies, roasted garlic, with chipotle and mayo sauce all on a potato bun (added extra bacon too), along with some amazing onion rings. Everything blew my expectations out of the water. All of this only ended up costing $8.00 including the free soda that came with the Yelp check in :). I called it in and it was ready for pickup at their convenient drive up window. I will most definitely be returning many times over (I want to try to make a burger with a fried egg) and I suggest everyone to stop by if you're in the area.
5	AMAZING burgers! This place is, hands down, one of THE best burger joints I have ever tried. It's a build-your-own-burger style picking everything from the meat, bun, cheese, 4 toppings and 2 sauces. I recommend the roasted garlic on the burger - I tried it for my first time and loved it. You also get a choice of side with your burger all for exactly $7. No tax either!We've been there twice the past two weeks and had the same great service from the extremely friendly ladies up front and of course the delicious burgers were just as we expected. We also tried a fish taco today (Fridays only) and that was amazing as well!In-N-Out who? Five Guys what? Smashburger?? .... Two Hippies are on an entirely different level!!
4	This place is cool. You order your burger in pieces: Bun, meat, toppings, and sides. (The toppings are plentiful and imaginative; there's something for everyone and its made to order so its nice. Actually I wish more places would have it like this, instead of pre-designed food constellations with awful titles "Hi can I have the "Rock-a-bye baby burger, and the Swish-swash-I-was-taking-a-bath ice tea, please?! And you can keep what's left of my dignity!")The system is simple and fool proof, and it's not expensive. Also, the staff is very nice and patient, as you can imagine.... some people can't handle given the freedom to choose what to put on a burger, and get stumped like a 5 th grader on a spelling bee that's requested to spell the word Archaeopteryx.Ok, so the joint isn't super nice.. but you're there to eat a burger, ambiance is secondary. But it still needs to be mentioned that it is basic and filled with retro items that relates to hippies, music, surfing. There is limited seating, but then again they probably optimize for their target customer group and lives with that - and for that, I respect them.I really enjoyed Two Hippies Gnarly Burger Joint (I even like the name), and don't let the short review fool you.
4	Good burgers great prices!  What more can I say?
2	Small restaurant in a strip mall, very clean but decor I would change.  I lived in SF and now live in Marin, don't get the hippy name, and would expect it to look the part and to serve food in keeping with the name - they don't beyond the Portobello mushroom burger.  Visited at about 3:30PM for a late lunch, place was empty but me.The make your own burger to me is a pain, all the items you can select are scribbled across a blackboard behind the counter, but for others I am sure it may be what brings them here - different strokes for different folks.  Save yourself the strain and pick up a menu, give yourself about 5 minutes to select what you would like.  For me too many choices usually mean the product produced if bad "must be your fault".  I had a burger on sourdough, with jalapenos, cheese and guacamole, and my side was onion rings.  The rings were good, the burger not so - over cooked, too loaded with jalapenos, cheese fell off it in gobs and sandwich ultimately fell apart.  Just not good.  The lemonade is okay, not memorable but not bad.A burger is $7.00, that's over double the cost (almost a dollar more) of two DOUBLE-DOUBLES at In & Out.  I&O is not a bad burger, but not great, but vastly superior to Two Hippies Gnarly Burger Joint.I just don't get all the 4 and 5 STARS.  I wouldn't recommend and was very sadly disappointed.   I will not be back any time soon.
4	Onion rings r deeeelicious! Held up well in 5min drive home. My portabello sandwich was yummy. Will return again
5	staff was very nice. Food was really good and price is great. definitely will be back here!!
5	GREAT FISH TACOS! The horseradish adds some great bursts of intense flavor but it is not overpowering. Wish this place was over on the west side of town.
5	Ok... Honestly we came here because of the name. I'm glad we did! The burgers here are cooked with love. Everything is fresh and made to order.  I piled mine up with loads of tasty toppings. Mmmm mmmm! Messy, finger-licking, beef patty perfection. A totally gnarly burger dude! I highly recommend the onion rings if you want an extra side of naughty with that burger. So yummy and absolutely worth the additional cardio on my next workout.The staff is also very friendly and fun. Two Hippies Gnarly Burger Joint is a 5-star burger experience!
5	Let me start by saying I LOVE Burgers, And I recently tried this place I had heard about on here. The place looks a little overwhelming but overall it It is very decently sized and kept clean with great customer service! I tried the cheeseburger and it came with fries and a soda, delicious!!! If u love burgers,tacos,and all kids of yummy food you have to try this place!!
4	I am always on the hunt for a good reasonable burger(miss the Midwest bar burgers) so we stopped in for a burger here. It was a Friday nite and they had a guy out there doing a few music melodies which made it quaint. The owner taking our order was awesome(Sherl)...and very helpful :) Inside was charming with all the photos on the one wall and interesting "hippie" memorabilia on the other. Believe it or not, the outside had a "small town feel" with the tiki benches and live music. Great place to relax and enjoy a burger!Burger was tasty and the onion rings were devine !....I definately am going to go back and try the fish tacos!!
4	The chicken here is really great! Not sketchy at all! Get the onion rings, they are bomb
5	Had a hankering today for a good old juicy, sloppy, messy, cheese burger today . . . and I found heaven . . . or at least as close as I can get here on earth.  This place was a 10 . . . that right TEN napkin burger joint . . . the bestest, most unhealthiest burger . . . but sometime that is what you need and crave.Anyways, I digress . . . I ordered a hamburger on sour dough with swiss cheese . . . only 3 toppings - mushrooms, sauteed onions, and green chilis . . . and only 1 sauce - Sunshine sauce.  For my side . . . I ordered the handmade onion rings.  The bread was grilled and nice and crunchy . . . while the inside oozed gooey greatness . . . while the onion rings weer crispy with a nice sweet taste.Loved the interior, though it is kinda small . . . but it did take me back to the small beach side joints in San Diego.  A definate return is in the future.
4	Love the build-your-own burgers. They are yummy and filling! Cool atmosphere. The prices are great too!Wish it had more healthy/lighter options.
5	Had the fish tacos, which were excellent. The wasabi sauce was a nice touch.
5	First time to Phoenix and had a GREAT experience and burger.  I "built my own" and it was one of the best burgers I've had in a long time!  Can't wait to come back to Phoenix!
5	Was always curious what the food was like, finally stopped in. Burgers were amazing. Staff was great and food was quick! Will be returning soon!
4	I went for the cheese steak instead of the burger.  Good choice. The onions rings were also a good side.
3	Love the custom your burger options.  They have many toppings to chose from.I'm giving a 3 star because the hours are very weird.  We went for dinner one night and learned they closed at 3pm during the weekday.  The seating is very small---two tables.  Also, there are limited options for veterinarians.   With a name with "Hippie" you would expect at least a black bean burger or a veggie patty.
4	Love, love, love Fish Taco Fridays here. The fish is fresh and the sauce has just a hint of wasabi, which is different but works nicely.
4	Great burger! This was my first time in, I made my own burger with a side of onion rings.  Lots of options and fun names for some of the items. The onion rings were good and it's a big burger so portion was perfect.  I ordered to go and sadly they forgot my bacon but the burger was great without! I'll be back for sure.
4	Great food and lemonade drinks!
5	Seriously why did it take me so long to find this gem? A checklist style menu/ordering system is so pleasant and easy. It also helps from driving the cost of a burger way too high. These two hippies simply nail the perfect lunch burger spot! A husband / wife running the front smiling and greeting everyone that enters, whether their first time or their 30th with a Piece sign and a "hows it hanging?" I swear, the nicest people eva!Also, the food is BOMB! Great burgers, sides / options, and a generous portion size. This is THE perfect Saturday burger lunch! I cannot wait to visit more frequently.
4	If you are craving a big delicious greasy burger your way, this place is the place to get it. Let your creative side come out and make your self a heart stopper! I prefer to clog my arteries with a fried egg atop my burger. The only problem I had was half way into the burger, it started falling apart. I had to piece it back together multiple times. Got a bit sloppy. A small problem I suppose. Will definitely come back. -keep eatin'
4	Such a cool, laid back place...who knew?!?The staff is amazing...super upbeat, friendly and helpful!Love the build your own options...hubby tried the cheese steak and really liked it and I built my own burger and loved it!  I tried the grilled onions, mushrooms, tomatoes and sunshine sauce on an onion roll...yummy!We dined outside with the pooch and had a great lunch!
5	Great chicken and great burgers. Service is fun and down to earth .Great spot for a Casual lunch
2	Good food but not worth dealing with the horrible service.
4	Super good, especially for the price. Onion rings are bomb. The staff is very friendly. Only thing that sucks is that there is no bicycle racks.
4	Great burger and great name. Had a chili cheese burger with extra cheese, grilled onions and sauce on sourdough. BYOB Is only reason holding back from 5 stars :)
4	Fun place to try. Burgers are good. I would not call them the best burger in town unless all you are used to is McDonalds or Burger king. The patties are thin, but it was cooked correctly as we are rare to medium rare people. Nothing is worse then an overcooked burger. But decent nonethess and people are nice. Decor is fun, especially if you remember that era.
5	If u want a burger that will change how u look at quality n pricing this is the place begs everything unlike 5guys In n Out the big chain restaurants they put love care n their food u leave feeling happy full and planing ur nxt visit
5	If u want a burger that will change how u look at quality n pricing this is the place begs everything unlike 5guys In n Out the big chain restaurants they put love care n their food u leave feeling good
5	Having just bought a home in the area and hearing about this place on a New Times review today was the perfect opportunity to give it a try. With two friends in tow we arrived hungry.It was do delightful to be greeted and served by the owners who treated us like old friends, although we had just met.Choose your meet, pick your bin, select your toppings, order the side and in just a few moments your meal is ready.Richard my friend after a couple bites said "now this is the way a burger should taste"This place definitely deserves a return engagement. A trip to the bathroomis a memory lane experience with the adornment of all the record albums from eras in music gone by.
4	Great build-your-own style burgers. 4 kinds of meat (including portobello mushrooms) 4 buns, tons of cheeses and yummy toppings. House made potato chips, steak fries and onion rings. I had a burger with pepper jack cheese, green chilies and house made chipotle sauce. It was great... The sky's the limit on choices. Prices are very reasonable. $8 gets you the custom burger...which Is pretty good size and your choice of potato. Of course yelp gets you the free soda. Although they specialize in custom blended lemonade.
5	Ate here today and had a great experience! The staff was super friendly and helpful when it came down to ordering our build-your-own burgers. The food came quick and was delicious. The burgers were awesome and the fries/onion rings were just as good as all the other reviews say. The prices were fair since it's definitely above fast food quality. I would definitely eat here again and recommend it to my friends!
5	Catch this while you can- the hours are very different but it was great food! Build your own burger, chicken sandwich, etc and they offer fries, onion rings, or potato salad! I had "sunshine sauce" on my burger  AKA 1000 island dressing and it was delicious! The inside is decorated as if in a tiki type shop with tons of memorabilia on the walls! Loved it & plan to go back!
5	The food is very tasty and there are tons of interesting fixings. The people are laid back and super friendly! If I lived here I would be a regular.
5	The food here is fantastic and made to order based on how you build your sandwich or burger.  I went with a burger, on onion roll, Ortega chilis, onions, guacamole and her recommendation of the chipotle spread.  Yum!  Hubby had bacon and a fried egg with all the extras you can fit in a bun!   The onion rings were so good, we had to order another round.  But one of the best things about this place is the friendly couple who owns it.  They were so helpful in deciding what to try and you can tell they take the utmost pride in their place and the food.  They were welcoming and we enjoyed sharing stories with them.  We can't wait to return to AZ and this place will be where we head for our first meal!!!!   Wish we had found it earlier in the trip so we could have gone more than once!
5	Love the food worth the drive!  My first trip the owner help me order and you can't go wrong on this menu!  I'll be Back
5	My favorite hamburger in the world.  Bring your stretchy pants because the portions are HUGE.  I can never quite finish all of my food.  The onion rings are to die for.  This is by far the best hamburger I have ever eaten.
3	I am looking at the pictures on here and I feel like I was shafted. The burger parties were small and hard. I asked for it medium and it was well done. Frys were burnt brown and not very good. All around this was a generous 3/5
4	Just come here. It is sooooo good!Simplicity right?
5	The "boss lady" as her Red Bull cup said and the girl working today were both awesome people that made my day. The burger was huge and the sourdough bread that I chose was a great choice. If I didn't live in Tucson I would definitely come here all the time.
5	You have a name here when you order, not a number! Great service, great food. So many combinations of burgers to try!  Dont forget to add the onion rings and a red cream soda or lemonade for the win!
5	Super friendly ladies at the counter.  I liked how fresh basil was an option as a topping--rarely see that.  The burgers were moist and flavorful.  The sauces were good as well.  The onion rings and fries were standard, but the basil and the friendliness really made up for that.
5	We were shopping in the Plaza where Two Hippies us located when we decided to give it a try. This place is tucked away on the corner, almost easy to miss. I friggin love the simplicity of the menu! You want a burger? Choose your toppings from their vast selection, then choose your side. I went with a medium cooked burger with a side of fries. I also included a fried egg on my burger. Oh my... delicious! I have to say that the burger was cooked "beyond perfectly". The quality of the  meat as well as all the toppings was second to none. I was stuffed, but I seriously considered trying a hotdog just because the burger was so damn good! I decided against. We ended up having a conversation with one of the owners, who was very nice. He knew it was out first visit, and genuinely wanted our opinion of the meals. He went on to tell us how all the vegetables are fresh and hand-cut. Yeah, we could tell! Overall, the entire staff was very friendly. Food arrived quick and perfect. BTW... they have the largest selection of lemonade flavors I have ever seen in a burger joint. This place is a burger goldmine! I love the staff and I love the food! We will most certainly be back.
1	Eek! Meat (burgers) lacked flavor. Nice romaine lettuce but green chilies canned.  Marble rye bread option appreciated. "Roasted garlic" appeared to be browned on grill, and not roasted as advertised.  Beau felt that burger was a lot of mess with no flavor.  Homemade potato chips too greasy to eat. Steak fries pretty good but the color questioned if the fry grease needed to be changed.Too many nearby restaurants that compete with price point for lunch. Admittedly, the decor - for me - is a turnoff also. All the paraphernalia are dust magnets.Service friendly.
5	Friendly staff, delicious food.I wasn't sure what I wanted on my burger so I asked to be surprised.  I got a burger on an onion roll with pepper jack, green chilies, mushrooms, grilled unions, roasted garlic, chipotle sauce and guac.  The burger is sizable and delicious.  The fries were good too, though i may try the onion rings next time. I know this is a fast food small joint, but I'd say the burgers were preferable over some place like Red Robin.
4	In town following my Dodgers and came across this joint on Yelp. I ordered the pastrami burger with a side of potato salad and a strawberry lemonade to wash it down. Gotta say, they make a pretty mean burger. I'm considering going back before my trip is over. My only beef is, how do you close at 7 on a Friday??? Other than that, I really like this place. You need to stop by if you're in town.
3	I love niche hamburger joints, I drive past this one all the time so I thought it was about time I check it out. First off, they were very nice, and offered great service. The only reasons I discounted stars on this review is because it's not a cheap as reflected here on yelp. It was over $20 for two burgers with fries, one dollar sign on yelp is supposed to signify a meal of lesser cost. Two, the burger was not that memorable for the cost, in fact, all I remember is paying too much for what seemed like an incredibly average burger.Not sure that we would go back for lunch given the experience. Again, nice people, great service, if you haven't been to some of the better burger joints in town (Rehab therapy, Stax, Grind House) then you might think it's all right.
1	Closed on a Sunday because it's "Memorial Day weekend".  This is why local businesses fail. Sheer laziness.  Thankfully mcdonalds knows their butts from a hole in the ground are open.
5	Very fun very friendly. Not a huge burger fan. But really enjoyed the choices. You can build your own pizza and pretty much change anything from meat to bun to toppings to sauces. Very hip young place.
4	They use antibiotic and hormone free meat, and give you so many topping choices that you can really create a customized experience. They were also quite friendly and the place had a fun vibe. I'll be back.
5	Found on Yelp. Amazing burgers!! You build your own sandwich with TONS of options. The owners are super friendly and place is clean!! The burgers come with a choice of a side also - Onion rings, potato salad, steak fries or chips.Will come back for sure!!
5	Good stuff! Great burger and a yummy grilled hot dog! Our daughter loved the strawberry lemonade.
5	Super friendly owners. We were traveling through Phoenix on our way to Sedona and tracked the place down from a list on Yelp just based on the awesome name. We got burgers and onion rings. They were really tasty- roasted garlic was great, soft fresh bun, this is what a burger should be.  I for one enjoyed the decor.  Lots to look at.  We got a tip on stuff to do locally and got to chat about Bay Area happenings.  (Hippies know which Bay we mean. ) Potato roll was soft and held the juices nicely. Place was a little hard to find from the street. Trust your GPS, it's at the end of the shopping center.
5	To quote a very wise man,"Mmmm, this is a tasty burger!". Thank you all my fellow Yelpers for not letting me down on this one, again. With a little bit of patience, you too can get a wonderful experience at Two Hippies Gnarly Burger Joint because this isn't a fast food place. It also isn't slow food. It's just right. Just right for everything.Yet again, we passed this place probably a dozen times before venturing into the plaza which it resides. It was our planned destination this time because each of those dozen times someone inevitably muttered,"We really should try that place sometime". Well, that sometime was now. Then. The other day. Anyway, we went. It isn't really visible from Thomas but you will see the sign as long as you know the cross streets. Not a lot of parking out front but just enough in the lot to the west. I would recommend going around 1100 because anytime after that and we have hit a line to the door pretty quickly. This place isn't a secret which is a double edge sword.When you do get to the front of the line, grab a chicken sandwich and onion rings. It's not that the burgers and fries are bad, it is that their chicken sandwiches and onion rings are that good. I really mean it. A chicken sandwich made in that time with that flavor is very suspect. But I don't care because that with the onion rings makes you forget about time which is good. The menu otherwise is pretty varied. Many sauces of which I have tried and enjoy, different unique drinks, and customization of all the in between. It would take a while to mathematically get them all, but I like a challenge.Ahhh, sweet communal feasting. And at a reasonable price. I believe I pay about $8 each trip for a sandwich of some sort & a side. I typically just get water as I don't have as much time during the day to hydrate but really it is just as well as not to detract from the wonderful food. I like finding new places like this. But Two Hippies goes as far as to make me jealous of the neighbors. Those lucky folks in the surrounding area who can walk to this awesome place on a lazy Sunday and really explore the menu. Give it the time it deserves to find those perfect combinations of meats, spreads, and fixings. Paint me green.
1	I never go here when I'm on a schedule... But still, 25 minutes for a one hamburger order and still no expectation as to when it would be ready, I had to ask for a refund
5	This place has amazing food, amazing service, and a real great vibe. I highly recommend going here, you will be blown away and are in for a real treat.
1	Seriously, almost any fast food restaurant has better burgers than this place. The free toppings are a nice touch, but in no means unique in the industry anymore. Almost every mid-range fast food place like Smashburger gives you free stuff. I'm not sure where they get their burgers, but it is clearly a tiny frozen patty of the lowest quality cow. Take a look at the photo and you will realize the BK is serving them up thicker and cheaper than Gnarly, which is also a chain of sorts. Any dressing you get will be slathered onthe buns so thick that in my case the bottom bun was soaked through and fell apart. The rings were decent level of frozen product, but greasy. The burger was not cooked well and it needed 20 minutes in my oven to reach that well done status. I only wasted 8 bucks on this lunch, but you don't have to. You have been warned and not even the fake, ingenious kindness of the staff can overcome the bad and cheap quality food.
3	This spot was recommended to us by a client - he thought we would enjoy the vibe and said that the food was pretty good. Seems like this place is popular for lunch (when we went.) If it's busy, you may have a hard time finding somewhere to sit and waiting for your food, so be aware of that. Lots of people grabbing food for take out and if it's busy, I'd say that is a wise choice. We did really love the house made items like the lemonade (in all sorts of seasonal flavors) and the excellent chips that come with the burger. (You can have fries instead but the chips are much better IMHO). The burger was good and you can customize the toppings. It's not the best burger ever, I prefer fast casual chains like Smashburger or Five Guys, but you are supporting a local business if that means anything to you.
5	So good! Awesome options on ingredients for your burger. Prices pretty low and such a great place to eat and observe the decor. They have all kinds of flavors for lemonades and the staff was super friendly! Plus they have a drive though.
5	Great food, fantastic, personable service.  I will be back and bringing friends.
5	I like this place a lot. Custom made burgers made to order. Tons of fresh toppings.  Friendly owners who remembers my order. The house chip are sofa king good. Lol. I used to go all the time before I moved to far south.
1	I love burgers so I was really excited to try this place. I enjoyed the experience of customizing my own burger  and the drinks were cool. However the actual meat on my burger was a let down. It was thin patty and I was expecting more of a homemade feel. I also ordered it well done but I got an almost burnt tough piece of meat. I was really disappointed. I won't be going there again for a burger.
2	It really pains me to give this place a two star rating. The owner and the staff are really nice people but my emotions from this place has ranged from not bad to this sucks over the last few visits.The last time I was there my burger and fries were gnarly bad. The fries were not cooked and tasted like oil and the burger had me thinking what was I thinking by coming here for lunch. Well at least I got a free soda by checking in on Yelp.As painful as it may sound, even hippies must retire one day.
5	Went here once after seeing it was close by, love the ladies who run the place and the burgers were amazing. My two friends and I loved ordering exactly what we wanted and the burgers were delicious! Cute shop too.
5	Oh my stars...the fresh,home made chips are amazing.  Love the interior, love the welcoming crew.   The burger was delicious and made how I wanted,  the guac was great.   Next time,  when I'm not going to work,  I'll add garlic to the burger.
