3	Lou's has all the elements (and more) of your local, dive bar:- it looks sketchy from the outside; you're not sure whether to go in or run away when you first approach the building- it smells like smoke- the bartender knows many of the patrons by their first names and vice versa.- cheap beers that get refilled regularly, for cheap.- entertainment: a dart board and pool table. (of course you gotta pay)- scary bathrooms- a mixed crowd, most of whom are extremely comfortable being there.- a bat behind the bar that the bartender uses to chase off people as he sees fit.Basically, it's filled with the good and bad, and if the good outweighs the bad, you keep going and become one of the guys (or gals).I can't say I recommend or don't recommend it. You know what you can handle and what you're looking for. I just laid it out there.
4	Oh Lou's, where to even start? Lou's just happens to be right down the street from me which makes it incredibly easy to find myself sitting there enjoying a cheap Yuengling watching one of their little tv's. The interior is small but has plenty of seating. It also has darts and pool if that's your sort of thing. The bar is this old hodge podge looking wooden situation. It's glossed over and well worn and perfectly reflects that red neon Lou's sign over the bar.The bar is smokey but still way better than say, Howlers is. The patrons are usually local yinzers and the staff are incredibly efficient and friendly. The tv's are small and are not in HD so don't go in looking for a mega-sports bar to watch any game in, although do go in if you want some serious local fans to cheer with. Major bonus? A patio you can enjoy well into the fall if you don't mind a slight chill.Major downfall? They do not accept ATM or credit cards, so be sure to have cash on you. (They do have an ATM on site though.)Did I mention I can stumble home in less then 5 minutes?By far one of my favorite Bloomfield hangouts.
4	It's my favorite dive bar in Pittsburgh. Cheap beer and good laughs... Buy Pat a beer he has now reached O.G. states. The 50 cent of Lous'. Friendly bartenders, great locals and a patio. A diamond in the rough of dive bars.
3	Most people have said what I am about say already, but for Lou's, it's worth saying twice (or more).  If you do not smoke cigarettes, or have an aversion to smokey bars, this place may not be for you.  It can get a bit hazy in there.  However, the service is stellar, and if you hang out long enough, they will get to know your name.  The beer is cheap and they have a pool table as well as darts.  This is mostly a 90% local crowd during the week and a mixed crowd during the weekend.  It's a great bar that everyone should check out and see if it is for them self.  Please be aware, this is a CASH ONLY bar.However, they do have an ATM.
5	Best dive bar.  Cheap drinks.  Laid back patrons and staff.  No one turns to see who just walked in.
4	I used to love this dive bar back in my smoking days.Now that I've been a non smoker for 2 years, I cant even walk into Lou's bc it is so smoky.The beer is cheap, honestly I think this might be the cheapest bar in the area, and I like the relaxed cientele.  If only I could tolerate the smoke...but I can't.
4	Stopped in with some friends for a 6-pack and ended up hanging out for a bit! Lou's is a cozy little bar on the edge of Bloomfield/Garfield area. The bartender was great! She was super sweet when greeting us and even chatted with us a bit when we were indecisive about our drinks. I can't stand the bartenders who need to let you know they are busy and rush you into a decision. We decided to do a round of shots and she was funny, friendly and went out of her way to tell us some prices of popular shots. For a little over $20, we bought 3 shots of Jose Cuervo and a 6 pack of Sierra Nevada to go. The place had a good crowd and I would definitely go back for drinks another night!
4	May be the diviest bar with the cheapest drinks in Pittsburgh. This place is a cool hole in the wall away from the other bars on Liberty in Bloomfield. I stopped in once with a friend and have been back a few times. I was surprised at how friendly the bartenders and people were, and some guys even challenged my friend and I to a couple games of pool in the back (which we won!). Can be smokey and dead some nights, but I've honestly had a good time almost every time I went. Definitely stop in for a quick drink (or stay for a few) on your next night out in Bloomfield.
4	My boyfriend and I just visited for the first time last night. It was a comfortable place with decent prices and a laid back, mixed crowd. We were among the youngest in the bar but didn't feel out of place. You could tell that this is a fond neighborhood bar by the sheer number of regular customers. I'll gladly visit again!
5	Great neighborhood bar. Comfortable. Smoking so if that bothers you it might not be your kind of spot. Hasn't been smoky when I've been. Very good prices. Lou is a pretty cool dude too.
