2	I eat here at least once a month against my better judgement but I'm always hoping for a finger in my chili. I never try any of their new sandwiches or anything I stick to the chili. It's by no means good but hell it's less than $2 and it helps everything come out easier in the morning.
3	Haven't had Wendy's in a long time, I had been given a gift card, so I thought I'd try out the "improved burgers".I had the bacon cheese burger combo, now you can choose from many options instead of fries you can add a salad, or baked potato.  I had the fries.  The burger is really very good, it was made fresh, they toasted the bun, it had a couple of thick apple smoked bacon strips, pickles, lettus and tomato.  I enjoyed it very much, it reminded me of the home style my mom made us as kids!
1	My husband recieved an mildewed potato. We told the staff. The manager was no where to be found! be CAREFUL!!!!! EEEKKKKK!!!! :-(
1	Rude and nasty service at the drive-thru! Whoever was taking the order was very curt and not in the least bit friendly bordering on contempt. I ordered nuggets and fries and everything was stone cold. When I asked to have new food that wasn't cold I was given a terrible attitude from the employee.I will NEVER return to this location.
1	This Wendy's is close to my house.  It used to have great service and no issues, unfortunately the last few times I have gone the drive thru lady has been rude and my order is ALWAYS wrong.  Today was no exception! Ordered 2 combos today, baconator with diet coke and spicy chicken with no mayonnaise. I even politely had the them read the order back to make sure it was correct.  I was given a double cheeseburger with regular coke and the spicy chicken had mayonnaise, that coupled with the rude service was my last straw, I will no longer be going here. :-(
2	Lol five minute wait For chicken wtf...
1	If there was an option for ZERO this would've been it. My boyfriend and I went in for the Portobello mushroom burger during lunch...he orders it and was told they run out of the bread. We ask if there was anything for our inconvenience....the MANAGER comes out and says no. He says they ran out and can't discount the meal. He didn't even apologize for not having the bread. Fine we said. I ordered the 10 pieces nugget instead.  The food came out cold and the nuggets taste like it's been sitting out since this morning.  Bad service!..,check!  Cold food!...check!  Not coming to this location again.
