5	Down the block from my office, this restaurant is beautiful and convenient for business lunches. I've ate here many times and simply fell in love - specifically with their shawarma and pastas. Great prices, great atmosphere,  great staff - what more can you ask for?
2	Sorry, little grey heads, Mia Bella Cafe is just Meh for me and not the 5-star experience that everyone else seemed to enjoy (did you?). Came in around 11:15am and the spot was empty. Like, 0 people in there. 0. I was aiming for a light meal, but there were signs for shawarma outside and I'm weak for the stuff, so I went for a shawarma wrap with a side of potato salad and then grabbed a turkey panini to eat later in the day. I'll make this quick bc it's Friday and I know you gots some partying to do... the wrap wasn't cut, so I had a shawarma burrito that was eh. I was confused the entire time on whether it was OK or not. The potato salad consisted of diced potatoes, but no mayo to tie 'em together. So, yea, just a bunch of dry potatoes. The panini was OK. Turkey, cheese, let, tom on some nice bread.... but they put it in a box with an Israeli salad which leaked all over it, making the bread soggy as hell and an open-faced panini for moi. Overall, meh. I wouldn't return.
4	Great customer serviceMy schwarma was too salty for my taste and without a question they comped it even though I insisted on paying.
4	This place has undergone quite the string of facelifts and owners, over the past ten years, from Josette's Bakery, to Normandie Cafe, to Cafe Volare, and now we present Mia Bella! It is certainly the most-inventive of all the menus among its predecessors. The restaurant is frequented mainly by local business, because of its off-the-beaten-path location. I like coming here for a quick, freshly-prepared meal (breakfast or lunch) and a double espresso. They offer some good daily specials of both the Mediterranean and Italian flare. I like the falafel. I usually order a side if them with my salad. The hummus is also creamy, but not runny. I like what they've done with the nice mix of cuisine. Mia Bella will keep me coming back. My mixed Shawarma Plate, Lentil Soup, and espresso came to $23 + tip. The portions were ample, so I'm not headed back to work hungry! PS-for some reason, the Yelp listing shows it as "closed" today. Not! Check the website for hours.
4	Shawarma and rosemary potatoes is all I can review, because that's all I ever order: it is that good!
1	If there was an option to give negative stars this place absolutely deserves it. Staff not friendly,food horrible, and over priced. Order an Italian panini, hardly any meat and came with nothing on it. Not to mention they charged $12.95 for the sandwich and a drink. Never go here. I will tell everyone I see.
5	Where do I start? I order from Mia Bella Cafe at least once a week. Their homemade soups are delicious. I am a huge fan of their paninis, specifically the Panino Giardinara, my boss is a fan of the Panino Bistecca.The staff is so incredibly sweet, they treat you like part of the family! They all know me by name. I always ask for delivery and it's always delivered in a timely manner. When I don't bring a lunch Mia Bella Cafe is my #1 choice! Keep up the good work and amazing quality food!
5	Very good restaurant... I really enjoyed the flavor and taste of the chicken shawarma.  I also enjoyed the fresh humus and pita.  I would recommend!
5	Great food ,excellent service. Overall awesome food experienceI ordered the shawarma wrap it was delicious and reasonably priced. Defiantly coming back again.
5	On our last day in Vegas for our honeymoon we were fortunate enough to run into this gem. The food was A M A Z I N G. Lucky for us it wasn't too busy. We each ordered chicken kabob, which came with cucumber salad,rice and grilled chicken. HUGE PORTIONS worth the buck! So much flavor, not too salty, and felt like it was freshly made. We had a "e-certificate" that decided to give us problems and as we were trying to figure it out the owner of the restaurant came up to us and asked us how she can help. We explained what was going on and she said "...don't worry...I'll tell you what...it's on the house!" I mean, wow!!! Not only the food was great but we couldn't have asked for better service! Perfect way to end our trip as newlyweds! We'll definitely be back!
