4	Chuck's Grill is a "diamond in the rough." They are open for breakfast and lunch and have a loyal following of customers. Breakfast and lunch are very reasonably priced and the wait staff is very friendly. More often than not, they address their customers by name. Don't let the building fool you, you will not be disappointed. Good Value and good food.
4	I stopped and had lunch at chucks today, and they are very friendly and good ole meat and 2 with tea and free cup of soup.they also open at 5:30 am so if you are on your way to work say at 6:30 you can swing by  and grab a breakfast  samich!
4	A great hole in the wall place to eat.
3	Lets face it, it's not hard to cook a good breakfast. Given the multitude of restaurants that can fry an egg other criteria come to the forefront when rating breakfast spots. Price, portion size, wait staff and good coffee come to mind. While I commend Chuck's for having livermush on the menu I find the rest lacking.  Price is a little higher than many others given the portion size. One slice of livermush? The waitress gave the impression she really didn't want to be there and when I ordered coffee she looked at the pot and said they were out. It was 10:30 and they serve breakfast until 11:00. Hello?  Is it too much trouble to brew a pot of coffee for a paying customer?  The biscuit was quite unusual having the texture and appearance of a rollscuit. All in all breakfast was palatable but the experience was not pleasant. Too bad, I really like patronizing little "hole in the wall" places but probably not this one again.
4	Real, old school, hole-in-the-wall kinda place.  Small (estimate capacity at 60) but food (French toast special here) was down-home good.  I highly recommend for cozy, comfortable, casual meet.  Very good service &  $.
4	Its your basic diner/grill.  With no other non-chain options in the local area, it is the best around.  Breakfast is fast, good, and cheap.  Lunch is more southern style maybe even considered soul food.Its a little shack kinda near the hood, but it serves its purpose.  Everything is a little greasy, but what else would you expect.  Its rarely packed, but it seems like theres always somebody there.They close after lunch, time seems to varies.
5	This has fastly become one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte. It is a typical "hole in the wall" that i passed on a regular basis before trying. Boy was i happy i did. I dont think there is a bad dish on the menu...my staples are the french toast and the salmon patties...both are just like Grandma used to make. If you are in Charlotte and you havent tried Chucks, you are losing at life. Ambience - 3/5, old school grungy dinerService - 5/5, the staff are super friendly and always smilingFood - 5/5, superb, excellentPrice - $, who knew that food this good could be do affordable
4	Love this place. Looks sketchy but I promise you it's good. The seating is in weird shaped booths and have been there since they opened but the food is great.  The cook is awesome he is an older Greek guy who is friendly and remembers everyone's face! The servers are friendly and helpful. If you are looking for good hole in the wall breakfast place try this at least once.
5	At first I was skeptical of Chuck's, but then I tired the food and then I realized why Chuck's came so highly recommended by my friends. It was just like my mom's food. I suggest the French toast breakfast. This may be a hole in the wall, but you will not be disappointed! Chuck knows what he is doing. Also the waitresses are very nice and creepily good at remembering faces.
5	This place is absolutely awesome! The food is home cooked- way better than you would get at a generic Waffle House or chain restaurant. I would 100% recommend this place to anyone!
4	Thanks fellow Yelpers, as it would have been highly unlikely that I would have stepped into this establishment w/o reading a few reviews first.  The outside appearance definitely fits the "hole in the wall" but it was really very good!  For under $20, a great breakfast: two orders of Steak and Eggs for the husband & I.  Friendly and fast service.  I would come here before Cracker Barrel or Waffle House any day!
