5	I came to City Center Self Storage to rent a moving truck for our business and ended up renting a storage unit as well. The truck rental process was easy and reliable. Although we used a competitor's storage facility in the past, I switched to City Center.  The prices are cheaper and the location could not be more convenient for us. Customer service was excellent.  They were extremely accommodating, and unloading the truck with the dock lift was a breeze. The facility is spacious, clean, and secure.  I highly recommend.
5	Great location and a good service run by smart, friendly and honest people.
5	Everyone with whom I spoke at City Center were friendly and helpful, especially Julie.  I was impressed that she called me back when she said she would, instead of asking me to call back because she was with a customer.I was able to move my stuff in much later in the day, despite their normal closing time of 2 PM on Sun., which was really helpful.  I was left a detailed, clear note with instructions and the location things like the restroom/carts/elevator, as well as a lock and a lease to sign and leave under the door.  This was my first storage experience, and it was quite positive, despite having my U-Haul reservation from City Center changed to another location.
5	I recently toured this facility and can recommend to anyone.  Having used self storage before I appreciate the space being climate controlled.  Additionally, Nick is extremely helpful and easy to work with.  Five stars!!!
5	I just wanted to thank the staff of City Center Self Storage! The owner and emloyees are unbilevable. They helped me unload my entire truck!Thanks again guys
5	I have been nothing but impressed and more than satisfied with the services provided by City Center. My priorities for finding an ideal storage location were convenience, safety, and security, and I have never once been disappointed by City Center. The staff Nick and Julie have gone out of their way to ensure that my needs as a customer have been met and exceeded. At a time when most people are overwhelmed by the stressors of moving, City Center's thoughtful attention to detail is both topnotch and much-appreciated!
5	Moving is always such a pain in the butt--dealing with all the packing/renting a truck/getting all of your stuff from point A to point B--I hate it.  It's nice when someone like Nick Lackner at City Center Storage is not only friendly to a fault, but extremely helpful and willing to do a little extra just to make your life a little bit easier.  I rented a Uhaul and my pickup location was inexplicably changed (by corporate Uhaul) from a location 0.25 miles from my house, to this place that was about 7 miles away.  After some public transit challenges, I found my way to City Center Storage and was happily greeted by Nick, who apologized profusely for Uhaul's mistake--not necessary, but definitely appreciated.  He got me in a nice clean truck quickly and sent me on my way.  So grateful!
5	Nick, You are amazing, both with the storage facility and UHaul rental. I had a brand new truck, easy to pick up. Storage was effortless also. Thank you so much for all your help!!! We will definetly recommend city self storage to all our friends. :)
5	I moved to Pittsburgh in April and needed a place to store my belongings while I found a place to live. After doing some research online, I came across City Center Self Storage and thought I'd check it out (not to mention it had glowing reviews!).I have to say, I was blown away by the customer service and cleanliness of the place. Nick and team were absolutely fantastic. The units were clean and well monitored. Everything about the place is user friendly. There is easy in/out access for renters outside office hours and they provide dollys to help with moving. (There were multiple times Nick even helped me move things from my two units to my car.) The website portal is also very easy to use and has the option of automatic payment to be drafted should you want it. UHaul trucks are also available upon request.All in all, a great experience with Nick and team at City Center Self Storage. I would strongly recommend for anyone looking to store.
5	I would recommend City Self Storage to anyone looking to store items for short or long term. The staff was super friendly and very helpful. Everything was clean and well kept. Moving in and out of the unit was a breeze. I called around before choosing City Center Self Storage, I found that their prices were least expensive of all the places I called. When I called other places the staff was quick, not very friendly, and didn't seem like they wanted to answer my question. One place even referred me to their website for pricing. When I called City Center the women I talked to guided me through the website, while explaining me different prices and unit sizes. She was extremely friendly and amazing. She explained everything to me and I had no questions. Nick is wonderful, very friendly and extremely helpful.  I was very happy with the experiences I had with the staff at City Center Self Storage.
