4	Oficially El Dorado park. This park started out as a concrete bank (hence the nickname) that ran under the street, where skaters utlized this happenstance spot and dragged picinic tables to it to make it more fun. that was in the 80s and early 90s.now, the city took a hint and built an actual skate park...nice idea, in theory, but rumor is they did not engage the knowledge of skaters, and ended up with a mismanaged project that many skaters think is disjointed.it is free, and part a long, nice park that snakes through Scottsdale and really is very nice. i have lots of good memories of this particular park...before it was a "skatepark" so i enjoy a day here.
4	The Wedge is located at Eldorado Park and Community Center. For all the Tony Hawk wanna-be's it offers an amoeba bowl, flatbars, ledges, quarter pipes, rail down bank, fun box with small rail, plus the obligatory curbs and rails.I don't know what the heck I'm talking about, by-the-way. Skateboarding jargon courtesy of my 16-year-old son...
3	This is a review for the skate park located by the wedge, not the wedge. The skatepark was somewhat  of a disappointment for a dale native that grew up in the El Dorado/Coronado High School hood. Mainly, because they could have done alot more but opted out for just an addition, rather then a complete renovation. If that makes any sense. Ok, so for what the skate park offers. Well there is your amoeba bowl, launch box, fun box with a rail, and a pyramid kinda thing. The coping is kind of dug in so grinds are somewhat difficult but for cruising around and just lesiurely skating this park is fine. You can find some lines and do a little street but not much considering the size in which you have to work in. As for hours, I believe it opens when the sun rises and closes at 10:30 pm. You can go there alot of times and have the park to yourself but this would be during the hours of 9 am -3 pm.Bmx bikes are not allowed but sometimes can get away with it. Thats about all I have to say about the skate park by the wedge. As for the wedge, now thats another review/epic story.
4	Ok so I am not the average age of a skateboarder...Im not even the average gender. BUT i do like to ride to break hangovers and to clear my mind when dumb stuff starts to bother me. I like this place.. Weekdays are better if you are not looking to be over run with kids and at nights you can get away with skating pretty late.Oh dont bring your dog here tho
2	The bowl is more of a ditch with coping. There is a kink in the bottom of a couple sections of the bowl.  It is not a real bowl.  By today's standards, this park is about 10 years behind.  There is no vert..    ..........The concrete finish work is ok.  If you are a street skater, you may be in heaven. If you are a pool skater, you will not like what you see.  The Sedona park is way better.  The Cottonwood skatepark is much better.
5	This is a good park, its small but fast. There is an anti-graffiti coating on the concrete that makes for a unique surface to ride on. I wouldn't go as far to say it is slick but it takes less lateral force to throw wheel slides and they go a bit further. Watch out there are kids, but don't sweat it kids have more resiliency than you'd think.
