2	Kelly's Cajun used to be my number 2 favorite fast food in the valley. I'd regularly pick up a Blackened Chicken /  Honey Lemon Chicken combo after a long night evening in the lab at ASU. It was quick, the portions were extremely generous, and the Asian family that ran it was always friendly and acted like they were old friends whenever I'd drop by. Unfortunately the family that ran it is gone and the food has suffered for it. What was once a delectably spicy Cajun flavor on the blackened chicken, is now scaled back severely and is mild by comparision.  The garlic noodles were once actually garlicky are now just slippery and greasy. The Honey Lemon chicken is now overcooked and has lost nearly all of it's unique sweetness. The most egregious difference is that the new ownership has entirely removed the Cajun potatoes from the selection of sides available.If I were to write this review a year ago, I would have agreed with the other review by W. It was a hidden gem in Arizona Mills mall. It's now just meh. I'm now looking for another spot to get my Cajun fix. Any suggestions?
1	I didn't expect much from a mall food court cajun restaurant. I tried a sample of the Bourbon Chicken and it was incredibly good. So I got that and the cajun shrimp and garlic noodles.The  Bourbon chicken was nothing like the sample I had just tried even though they got it from the same dish. The one I tried was full of flavor, moist and plump. What I was served was small over cooked pieced of chicken that were bland.Now regarding the shrimp, maybe this is was how it was supposed to be and I just did not know it, but I did not expect to bite into a FRIED piece of shrimp with the shell and legs still on! Thats right they breaded over the shell. You had to peel the breading off so you could take the shell off.  What a friggin mess. Now I will admit that the shrimp and breading were rather tasty, but so not worth the effort and mess.Now the noodles. mushy, sticky flavorless. need I say more?Wont be back to this place ever
2	This place is going through an identity crisis. Obviously owned by the Suki Hana next door, there's just a few things here that are really scream Cajun. Blackened fish? Check. Bourbon Chicken? Check. But chow mein and steamed vegetables in soy sauce? Um no. Being served by an entire staff of Chinese people doesn't fool me neither. Now the bourbon chicken tasted good enough and you pay about $6 a plate. But their Asiatic version of black bean rice was flat. They should try to create some side dishes to go with the main course meat that you know, are actually Cajun. Like French bread, pea soup, jambalaya rice, Cuban soup or even stuffed peppers. At least the meat was thoroughly cooked and not too greasy. The seating is horrible. On any given Sunday, you can sit in their cramped food court and it's almost certain that some fat chick with an oversized diaper bag and her toddler with a leg sticking out will walk behind you, bumping into every chair. And you can forget about trying to carry a conversation in this place.
