3	We went for the free evaluation as my child needed a cranial helmet. Initially it was a bit hard to find, but we got there, hidden behind the hospital and we've been to PCH several time before.The way they treated me and my child was friendly, but I baby had to wait in it's diaper in a very cold room for over 30 minutes. By that time it was tired and cold. The insurance consultant was going to contact us. Finding out insurance wouldn't cover it, they still would charge us $3500 out of pocket. (Ouch). No wonder they have the fancy, unnessecary calendar each year. One other thing I didn't like about it is the way the do the measurements The pull a stocking (like) cover over baby's head, make him sit between 17 flashing cameras to get the measurements.I am so happy when an other mom told me about http://www.yelp.com/biz/hanger-prosthetics-and-orthotics-phoenix (Hanger). They have basically the same product and what a nice enviroment. No they don't have the super, duper fancy office and calendar. Howver, they said, because insurance wouldn't cover it  they would `charge us $1500, still out of pocket, but doable. Also the measurements were done so much more friendlier. Baby sat on my lap, the stocking was cut open and they used a hand laser scanner, while some else played with him.One big thing I appreciated about Hanger is when they brought out the flashing toys to disctract baby, they asked if he ever had seizures as those kind of toys can trigger them. Cranial consultant never asked a thing and just ran their routine. My baby looks awesome in his Hanger helmet.
1	AWFUL experience with Charlotte office. Band was not made correctly. I expressed concerns 2 times in person and 1 time on the phone. Was told it was supposed to move some. After my 3rd in office visit with a different person I was told they needed to remake it because it was not a good fit. AWFUL AWFUL experience. Offered a refund which I am STILL waiting on. Last appt was 7/30/12, was told refund would be mailed on 8/6.....Told on 8/17 after I requested information on my refund that it was mailed on 8/17. Hopefully I will get it....
5	We were recommended to Cranial Tech by my pediatrician. As a new mom of twins I was extremely nervous and apprehensive. Upon my first visit the staff was super friendly and knowledgeable. At the first consultation they took pictures using a stocking cap with an open area for my son's face. They reviewed the photos with us in detail and gave us plenty of information to read later. We were made aware that it could be a cost to us as many insurance companies do not cover it. When we decided to move forward, the billing staff was in constant contact and moved very fast in submitting paperwork to our insurance company. To our surprise it was covered in full by our insurance. This was an absolute relief. We had weekly visits to their office being my son was so young. I could not be happier with their technicians. Theresa was always smiling and so gentle and friendly with my son. He smiled and laughed joyfully every time he saw her. We continued the treatment for 9 weeks and saw such an improvement. My son's head looks perfectly round and symmetrical. We even see an improvement with the placement if his facial features. He has officially graduated today!I would recommend their office to anyone!As a side note, we used the Wrap Shoppe in North Phoenix to decorate the DOC band. They do this for free and are amazing! (They do take breakfast and lunch donations. )
