5	If you need a loan Tim is your man! He was fast, within 2 days I had my approval for $30.000 more than another lender had qualify me few weeks back!He was also able to approve me for a conventional loan, with 5% down, when nobody in town could...Yes good news if you need a loan! Go see Tim! Tell him I said 'Hi' and looking forward to find me a home!Good luck!
5	Matt Mauzy is an amazing loan specialist. He does a great job, and is the best at staying in contact.  Thank you Matt for all of your help. Sarah and Jeff
1	I just moved to Vegas and looking to purchase a home.  I was assured that it will not be a problem even though I was told by the other brokerage firm that I need a full time position in Vegas for at least a month before I can qualify for a home when I checked into it last year.  They assured us that it was not a problem.  I didn't want another hard credit ding on my credit score.  I got a hard ding with no loan.
1	Difficult to reach my loan officer when needed.  Seemed more interested in telling my what I wanted to hear and getting me off the phone with them rather than actually telling me the truth than handling things the right way.  Arrived to sign closing documents only to find out the down payment was not what I as told and the payment was not I was told so I had to decide whether to close on time based on terms I didn't want or delay closing to have it done correctly.  Then the lender missed the deadline to fund the purchase so would have delayed my closing anyways if it wasn't for my realtor and title company going out of their way to make it happen.  Was able to close my loan in the end but communication was terrible the whole way and had to deal with several different people along the way that didn't seem to know what they were talking about.   Even my main loan officer gave incorrect info that conflicted with his assistant and other employees.  Really could have ended in disaster.  Made the process way more stressful than it needed to be so I would advise looking elsewhere as there is no excuse for poor communication.
1	If there was a place for no stars that is what we would post!  Glad the person below is happy but our home was for sale they messed around for weeks then we contacted this location as it the corp office.........what a jerk  the manager could care less it wasted 810 long weeks   finally the buyer pulled the loan and was set up by my realtor in CO with a bank the loan will be done in  2 wks  I lost the home I wanted it is just a mess I plan on taking this further anyway I can  so be very careful there are better mortgage co and banks out there  do not get sucked in this place is so unprofessional
1	I agree with the others. Zero stars (perhaps negative stars) should be allowed. ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS, PROCRASTINATORS AND NON PROFESSIONAL!!! I'm sure they're all the same company despite addresses. Anyways, these people need to have all of their business rights revoked. They ask for your whole damn life story, you provide it. They ask for more info, again, you provide it. But nothing is good enough for these idiots!!! I submitted a bank statement, the dumb ass underwrite said it was too small to read. I got a better one, let's see if she says its too big. Next they will require your damn first born and a pint of blood.  Whoever FIRES these people deserve a round of applause. Stupidity exists, but they take it to another level. Obviously they have too many clients that they take their damn time to do whatever it is they want and tend to you when it is convenient. My damn closing date was to be one day, but because these morons want to take their damn time, they want to extend it! It was extended twice and there won't be a third time! DAMMIT, either you approve the damn thing or you deny it, but communicate within the acceptable time span so people can move on with their lives. Complete idiots at this place that are FULL OF SHIT (You can tell I'm pissed off because I don't swear in my posts). STAY THE HELL AWAY FROM THESE PEOPLE AND RUN THE OTHER WAY!!!! They will take your money quick, but work slow as hell on your process. They nitpick about every damn thing!!! They obviously use old Jurassic systems bec their info is OUT DATED!! FORGET ZERO STARS. THESE BUMS DESERVE MINUS 5 STARS.
