5	The sandwiches are delicious. It really seems like great care is taken with the food. The hot sandwiches hit the grill for a few minutes, worth the wait. The veggie panini has a great garlicky flavor, and is served on soft toasty bread. With a mixed veggie medley & cheese, it sounded strange but is an unlikely winner.  I bet any other veggie sandwich combos they come up with would be stellar.The cold egg salad sandwich is solid too. Nice service.
5	Delicious!  I had the turkey Panini and homemade potato leek soup.  So Good.  Super friendly staff and great, affordable menu.Office outing for lunch today!
5	I found this place via a google search for Italian Deli's in Madison last Friday and was very pleased with the results.  I had woke up that morning thinking about a good deli style Italian sandwich and this totally satisfied my craving.  While waiting for my sandwich I learned they also deliver within 5 miles and have Italian Beef sandwiches!  I move up here from Chicago 7 years ago and have been unsuccessfully looking for an authentic Italian Beef joint since.  So today, my fellow Chi-town transplants and I all ordered Italian Beef sandwiches and were really impressed.  This was not the typical Madison version Italian Beef sandwich (what we call French Dip in Chicago), but a real honest sloppy and savory Italian Beef.  If you live/work around the East Side of Madison and you haven't tried this place, you are missing out.  This has definitely been added to our short list of favorite lunch spots near work.On a side note, one of my coworkers is gluten intolerant and found out that all of their stuff can be made gluten-free.  I think she was more excited than me :)
5	This was really good. We called ahead for 5 subs to go; everybody loved them. Even the little kiddies.  I Don't write yelp reviews very often, but these Sammies were outstanding!
5	Delicious!  I got a chicken bacon avocado panini and it was really good. My husband got their house sub ( we can't remember the name) but it was really good too. It is a little pricy at 8 or 9 per sandwich but they use quality ingredients so it's definitely worth it.  Oh and we got complimentary chocolate chip cookies and those were delicious too! Definitely going back but probably only for carryout as there are only a few seats available.
3	I've eaten here 3 times, and it's always been pretty good.  The sandwiches are pretty tasty. The soup is good. They give you free cookies. I had a pesto pasta salad that was also good. Nothing amazing, just solid food.The staff is extremely nice. They cook everything fresh, so it does take a bit for them to cook your food. They do deliver, so that is a great option.
5	Great food that mostly seems to be made in house. The prepackaged house salad was surprisingly delicious! Excellent customer service and a willingness to customize dishes. You can add seasonal veggies to the pastas and can get a homemade chocolate chip cookie all for free! Will definitely be returning. Not sure how I managed to miss this gem for a whole year.
5	I ate at Crostini as I was passing through Madison to Chicago. The owner was very friendly and the panini pressed sandwiches were delicious. I split the farmer's market and turkey, spinach and artichoke paninis with a friend. Both were fresh and flavorful. They have gluten free and vegetarian options as well. Also, the jazz piano music playing in the background was a nice touch.
5	Best Chicago Italian Beef I have had outside Chicago. The owner recommended the Italian Beef. He was very friendly and helpful. The sandwich was perfectly crunchy and tasted fresh. Throw some fresh, homemade giardiniera on top and a free fresh baked cookie on the side. I'm sold.
5	Delicious- The service is great, the food is fantastic and they heve GLUTEN FREE OPTIONS! The Italian Beef rocks, and the turkey/ cranberry panini is also great. They serve San Pellegrino and other upmarket bevvies,, and then there's the free cookie.... Eaten here about a half dozen times. Try it, I don't think you'll be disappointed.
5	Absolutely delicious!!!! I had the California chicken sandwich and added red onions.  This is an amazing sandwich and I could eat this every day.  Their broccoli cheese soup is great!  Fast and friendly service.  I will definitely be going back here over and over and over
2	After reading all of these great 5 star reviews, I wanted to love Crostini. I really did, but i'm so sad to say my experience there was not very good. So for those you of that have never tried it, here is an overview with my yesterday experiences:Parking was complicated. There is not really a designated parking area that I could find. There are signs that say for the apartment complex "corner parking only" which I was a little confused by. I did ask the Crostini employees, and they said they thought it was ok to park in those spots. So yeah....not sure if they have parking or don't?Mad construction right now all around Crostini, but I give them mad props for staying open during it! Good work on that. No Bathrooms! None.So if you have to use a bathroom, go before you come here, or as my wife said to me, "if you can deal with the grossness of the bathroom around the corner at the coffee shop, which will remain nameless", you can use that one if you buy something there. Atmosphere: Pretty chill jazz music in the back ground, very clean! A good place to sit and read a book outside. Good for 1 or 2 people (not larger groups). Ok, so usually I can deal with confusing parking, construction, and no bathroom but here is the kicker...From the time we ordered our food, sat and waited......food to go. It took a solid 25 minutes--- With no line....There was a group of 3 people, that looked like they had been there awhile waiting for their food as well. They finally recieved their food and I heard the counter girl say, "sorry for the wait, I put a bunch of $1 off coupons in your bag for next time". After these people left, My wife and I were the only customer there, and I still sat for at least 10 minutes more waiting for my food. 2 panini's only!!!! Seriously. A Meatball panini and a gyro panini. That was all I ordered.Toward the end of waiting after the only other poeple in the place left another guy came in and a employee working there must have known him and decided to have a conversation with the guy about the night before and where they partied (he was also ordering food). Rather than continue making my order, I seriously was a second away from asking for my $ back and just leaving. The food:My Gyro Panini was pretty tiny considering it was over $6. It tasted good, I'll give them that. It did not come with any side (a very small pickle and green olive only) But there is no way I'm headed back there to pay that much $ for a small grilled cheese, looked like standard cheap (very cheap) white bread and a couple of small pieces of beef/lamb slapped together and crushed with 1 slice of chedder. Nope. My wife got a Meatball Panini. I ate 1/4 it because I was starving after my small panini which felt like I had ate an appetizer. Her's was about double the size of mine but lacked flavor. It was meatballs, cheese and bread. Pretty much a meatball sub (but they called it a panini???)So the food was nothing even close to resembeling 5 stars. What a let down. I'd say 2 to 3 stars if they are lucky. The place is tiny. Don't expect to find enough room to have a nice sit down meal if you have multiple people in your group, and just a heads up it's an "order at the counter and wait for your food" kind of place, which is ok. There is nothing wrong with that, but I guess for the person reading this Yelp review, they might want to know that before thinking they are headed there for a nice sit down with a server type of meal---It's not like that. I did get  my free chocolate cookie, as I read on other Yelp reviews about. Yup, it was a cookie. Unlike the people that sat and waited who knows how long before me I was not offered a "sorry for the wait" or any $1 off coupons. Just a--- Here is your food, and a bag pushed my way from behind the counter. So Yeah, not what I was expecting based off all the great reviews.I'm really bummed about this one. I just feel like I missed out on something that every one keeps saying is so awesome. Man, maybe it was just bad timing...I don't know. I'm just really bummed that this place was not as awesome as everyone said it was. I should have taken a picture of my tiny panini to show you all (but i didn't) sorry, I was just so hungry from waiting for so long that I never thought of it.  I don't want to shame Crostini and more than I have.....because obviously there are 5 star reviewers out there who love this place, and I wish I had been one of them.
4	I had pretty much been ignoring this place since it opened because I can't eat gluten, so I was assuming that sandwiches=glutenous bread. Last week my partner was all like, "Ever been to this place?" and I was all like, "Um, I haven't been to a sandwich shop in years." But he checked out the menu online and they had some gluten free options, so we decided to check it out. And I am so glad we did. Oh! You have no idea how wonderful it is to taste a damn good sandwich after years of eating bread that tastes like sand. I had the California Chicken panini. It was the stuff of dreams. Hot, gooey, cheesy, flavorful dreams. I am looking forward to our next visit!
2	After hearing amazing things about Crostini, I was completely disappointed. Hype. That is all this place has. I was under the impression from the website and pictures it was a cafe of sorts. It was tables out front. Well it turns out, it is basically a counter place with a few tables available. The space is cramped and there are no public restrooms.  This would be nice to know. Please post a sign. Otherwise, your patrons will have to wait in line to ask for a bathroom and then find out there isn't one. That is pretty time consuming and annoying for goodness sake.  They then sent me to a neighboring business which had disgusting bathrooms. Not necessarily their fault but don't send your patrons to a dirty place because that still reflects on you.Parking. Ugh. Not clear. I called Crostini and asked if the lot on the corner was acceptable.Question: Are you a patron of the this strip mall and if so, can I use this lot. Answer from the Crostini employee: No, but you would be. What does that even mean?  Are you getting me on a technicality of grammar?  Truthfully it would be much more efficient to just clearly state whether or not I could park there.Now the food. I tried the meatball sub. It is $6.59. I am the kind of person who is willing to pay for good food. However, this is an astronomical price for a small (maybe 5 inch) sandwich with no side. This was a tasty meatball sandwich but it was nothing special. My husband ordered a panini and the portion was pretty tiny.Sure, they give out free chocolate chip cookies but it does not make up for the lack of value on your food. I wanted to add something to my order but I assumed that my food would be up any minute. I sat there for about 25 minutes from ordering. They were not busy. One of the cooks was conversing with his friend about the weekend and whether he made it to Waterloo. Great, talk about your weekend but where is my food?Skip Crostini and walk across the street to Dexter's. The wait is the same but the value is better. And the portions are much more generous.
4	the owner and staff were awesome.  they gave me a piece of chocolate cake for my birthday.  it too was delicious.  I will be back.
4	What a great neighborhood sandwich place!  Emerson East doesn't have too many restaurants quite yet and this is an amazing addition to the neighborhood.  Fast, quality ingredients with friendly faces...and a free cookie with meals!
5	Went here for lunch today. Even with construction I was able to park right next door. First time here. Staff was very friendly and the owner explained the specials and what their specialties are. They have a ton of food options. Why did I wait so long to come here. I may come back tonight for pasta dinner. I got the Club Supreme sub for lunch with chips and a free cookie. Will definitely come back on a regular basis! :)
5	Big menu, good prices, super awesome employees.  There's not a lot of food options in this area but it beats Milio's up the street.  If you're new, the employees are always super helpful and can recommend something.  I was recommended the Italian beef sandwich the first time I went in - delicious.
4	One of the best Italian beef sandwiches in the city. With cheese, dry or wet, peppers on or side, it's quick and awesome.
3	I love crostini's food, I really do. Unfortunately, their customer service is lacking terribly. I have ordered about 10 times and half the time I usually end up with something wrong or missing. I let it go because the food is still good. Today, I couldn't answer the phone when they called because I was on the other line with a client, so I ran downstairs because I figured the call meant they were here. I waited at my front door for 10 minutes and no one came. A half hour later I called the shop asking if my food was on its way (it'd been 1 hr 15 min) and they told me the driver said I didn't answer my phone OR door. The driver never even came to my door, I was down there waiting for him. And to call once and leave it at that? Terrible customer service. It's now been an hour and 25 minutes that I've been waiting for ONE SANDWICH. Twice in the past the driver did not have change with him when he showed up for a delivery. They need to get themselves together or hire a new staff.UPDATE: they ended up comping my food, so I upgraded the review to 3 stars.
4	Yes, it doesnt have a bathroom, easy parking, and huge sandwiches, but what they do have are sandwiches with quality ingredients and tons of flavor.  I had the crostini club sandwich and was happy with the all of flavors going on inside.  I'll be back for the italian beef shortly and I can't wait
1	Food is great.  Customer service is one of the worst I have ever had!  I have ordered from them 3 times.  Each time I had a worse experience than the one before.  The first time, the order was about 15min. late, forgivable.  The second time, our order was over an hour late, no phone call to let me me know, Nothing.  The 2 times I called them, the response I got was "the food was on it's way".  Ok, shame on me for ordering from them again.  Trying to give them the benefit of the doubt.  This time (today), food was an hour late and they forgot a sandwich.  I called and asked to speak to the manager, the response "he's too busy!!"  I am still waiting for a phone call back.  Oh and the forgotten sandwich came 2.5 hours after it was suppose to be delivered!!DO NOT EVER ORDER DELIVERY!!
