4	TGI Friday's is one of those casual dine-in restaurants that has been around for decades. Being the closest location to my home, this is the one I attend the most. And despite some questionable decisions by their corporate people, there is no arguing with the fact that this place has some excellent food. This is a very casual chain of restaurants. When you go in, you'll quickly notice a strange assortment of decorations/pictures/props on the wall. The staff always have a positive attitude, and succeed in creating a "welcoming" atmosphere. The food itself is far better than you would expect from a place like this. The menu is quite large and features variety galore. From a cheese-covered grilled chicken breast right down to nachos, there really is a little bit of everything. Plenty of dessert options as well. I don't think I have had something here that I didn't like. Plus, the servers are usually pretty good at taking requests if you want something made a particular way. The biggest complaint I have about the place has nothing to do with the quality of the food, atmosphere, or personnel at the restaurant - but with the decisions the corporate people have made. Numerous delicious items have been taken off the menu, with no rhyme or reason. I thought corporations were supposed to listen to what their customers like. But at the end of the day, despite the poor decision making of those corporate fat cats, it is hard to argue with the quality of the food here. In addition to the stand-alone Friday's restaurants, most of the Coast Casinos have one, so regardless of your position in the Vegas Valley, there should be one near you.
5	Service is excellent! We always get the same waitress and she remembers us each time we come in. There was a time we came in 5 days a week and ordered the usual frozen magaritas.... Mango berry and raspberry cherry, the raspberry cherry taste like the red starburst yum! And the full order of potato skins! And chicken tenders. Love the booth seating in bar area.Faves --- frozen flavored margaritas, potato skins, and the asian chicken tenders.
5	The Jack Daniels grill is amazing.Some of my favorite ribs of all time.  Do yourself a favor and order up the Sesame Jack Chicken Strips as an appetizer as well...you won't be sorry.Delicious.
2	There's always a lowered level of expectation when dining at a chain restaurant. TGI Fridays can usually be counted on to deliver a tasty, reasonably priced meal. This location fails at that. Whereas the menu offerings here promise flavor in the description, the food itself is really quite bland. There is a serious dip in quality from where this chain was just a few years ago. Cheaper ingredients are apparent and even the famed Jack Daniels barbecue sauce has lost it's zip.Add to the fact that the food was disappointing, the drinks are watered down. I know times are tough and changes are part of the climate, but the prices which once seemed reasonable, now seem too high for the mediocre food.I would suggest that it's not only the failing economy that is contributing to a nearly empty restaurant at 5:30 on a Saturday evening. There are other chains delivering better food at the same price. Hopefully Fridays gets back on track.
5	I went a few weeks ago with a coworker since I had an Entertainment coupon for buy one get one free lunch.  We both ended up having unlimited soup, salad and breadsticks.  Food was great, service was great, management came by to chat and was really friendly.  Cheap, good food and plenty to eat....super combo.
2	Food was decent. Service was pretty crappy. Waited like half an hour for them to bring breadsticks and other stuff, and they forgot my drink for about that long too. And couldn't they have brought out the soup earlier while we were waiting for salad or whatever? Scoop it out from a huge pot? So lame.Yeah I'd write more about it but it's not worth the energy.
1	Ok food but the service suks rotten eggs. Huge Fail.
1	On 1/11/2012 I went here to eat with my wife, I ordered Cesar Chicken Salad but what I got was few pcs of chicken with Lettuce that appeared been collected from the trash can because they runned out good lettuce. Well after sending back smelliest lettuce with that rusty stuff lettuce gets when they are old, the duty manager came back to my table and all he can say can I get you something else. Can you get the picture here? My reply was can you get a new chef in the kitchen. How can this chef send out this type of lettuce, lucky I inspected the lettuce if not I would had been at the hospital with food poison.
4	Significantly better experience this time than on my last visit to this location. Sat at the bar area, had my choice of $6 appetizers for "all day" happy hour, and finally settled on nachos. It's not the tostada nachos, but I can't remember the name and I can't find it on the interwebs... anyway, there was cheese, chicken, mild salsa, sour cream, guacamole, and a little bit of lettuce. It was pretty good, and it got me full after I had skipped breakfast and gone straight to lunch. I also sampled my friend's Jack Daniels sampler (haha, sampled, get it?), and the shrimp and chicken were both good.Since we changed two variables, I can't figure out if the service was merely lame on the restaurant side on my first visit or if it was some sort of perfect storm of soup/salad/breadsticks overload by my previous table, but my opinion of this place has gone up significantly. Therefore, I'll give Christina-the-server partial credit for today and highly recommend that you sit on the bar side even if you don't personally order a fancy beverage.
5	stayed at a hotel near this place for one week and i came here twice first day wasnt anything special but second day was pretty kool. they had live dj and were auctioning 5-7 drinks specials starting at 20-40 buck which all money was going to a good cause for drunk drivers. It did cost 5 bucks to go in but that also went to the good cause but you had the option of not paying it. but they had beer speicals which were awesome.
3	TGI Friday's is not the most exciting place to go to, but it had the right price for us and we shared 2 plates that filled us up.I ordered a shrimp and chicken alfredo pasta and shared it with my boyfriend who ordered a sampler plate. They both tasted good. We also had a blue raspberry iced drink that was still syrupy even after we mixed it.The environment isn't very appealing, and for some reason I felt like our waiter didn't really want to serve us, or wasn't paying attention to us when we spoke to him.Oh well, not a memorable experience.
2	Not bad, but not great. We showed up early on a Wednesday night and were just trying to enjoy a family date night. Got right in, and realized that the booth was very tiny. When you are a large man, you need some room to breathe. Our server gave us the, "Be there in a minute", which is fine, but then that minute turned into five. Then, she did not know how much a Coors Light was, which was fine, except I was only asking because their draft beer machine was out-of-order. Finally, we got our orders put in. Not our orders, but our orders but in. The food was o.k. Meh, describes it. Disappointed that they told me that the beer would be $3.00, but it was $4.35 on the bill. The manager explained that that was the Happy Hour price and changed it. That was a saving grace. Maybe we should have hit Joe's Crab Shack?
4	Not bad for a spot I can just cruise in and get a beer at.  Only on one occasion have I not sat on the bar side and it was just like sitting at any other restaurant.  There is a good selection of appetizers in the $6 and cans of PBR for $2 at my disposal.  Plus, they are nice enough to accommodate a large group in the bar... and by large, I'm talking about 25+ people!  Was a little worried about bringing in a group that big but they were nice enough to pull some tables together, sit us in the bar, and serve us in a timely fashion.  Will be back soon.. perhaps on the next Friday?  We shall see haha
1	Came here on a Monday at 4pm, place was graveyard and seemed dirty. Service mediocre as was the burger, then had a rotten French Fry and lost my appetite. Wanted to try something new, which was a mistake, will never spend my hard earned money here again!!
2	Service is good not to be confused with great, the happy hour specials are awesome draft beer for 3 bucks you cant go wrong , clam chowder is dismal , overall it is ok , waitress could have upsold the beers and explained all the specials a little more ..
4	Scenario:  you're looking for some inexpensive food and a drink before you have to wake up early for work the next day.  You head into Olive Garden but their ridiculous wait sends you straight for the door.  You go down the road to about a quarter of a mile to Friday's and immediately get a seat-yourself booth in the bar area.  Score... proceed to have an enjoyable meal with a decent drink and mediocre service at great prices.This is the scenario we found ourselves in last night and were glad we did.  We took advantage of happy hour at the bar (which actually lasts all day).  It offers $6 appetizers (which are otherwise 8 to 9 dollars) and inexpensive drinks.  The apps were incredible!  I especially loved the hibachi chicken skewers.  We split three apps and we were STUFFED.  The service is as good as it could be in one of these places on a Friday night... slow but easy enough to get what we needed.  They have a "Give Me More Stripes" rewards program where you build up points that give you free apps and entrees over time.  You'll also receive emails to "jump the line" if there's a wait (obnoxious if you're the one getting jumped in front of lol) and 20% off the entire meal.  Overall they have some pretty good stuff here if you're in the mood for this sort of thing.  The prices are good and the rewards program can make them even better.
1	We went to this location on a Friday night because it was close and unlike all of the other restaurants in the area, the parking lot wasn't full and there was no wait. The hostess (there were three of them),asked if a table was ok and I told her we preferred a booth. She gave me a look of disgust as she set off to find if one was available. There were MANY. She seated us and that was the last we saw of an employee. Well, many passed by our booth, but all chose to ignore us. We talked for a bit before I realized that no one had stopped by our table to even offer drinks. I asked my partner how long had we been there and he said 10 minutes and he was wondering if I had noticed. At that time we decided to leave. We took the menus back to the three hostesses that were still there talking. I told them that it was a shame that no one had stopped by our table in 10 minutes. They just looked at us and I heard them giggle as we walked out of the door. This wasn't my first negative experience here, but it was definitely my last.
4	I give it 4 stars I check in often at this location and I've taken pictures here many times. But upon my last visit I was given a coke and I drank the entire coke. Then lord and behold their it was inside my coke... paper stuck to the inside of my glass. I don't even wish to explain the trip my mind took me on ...ewww ...I think I may have drank dirty dish water.  I felt like Alice In Wonderland I was almost ready to puke and hoping I didn't shrink down to a tiny size or get super huge.However the management was standoffish and gave me free ice creme. The food over all was very good I took it home in boxes and ate it a day later. I love this location I love the service I get. But this time in was nothing to brag about. I will say this managers are trained to deal with good service. Id like to meet one who can do something other than look at me if something should go bad. I'm a very down to earth person had the manager just said I'm so sorry how can I fix this I would have felt better.
1	A friend and I stopped here after a movie. Walked in the front door and the place was nearly empty (3:00pm Mother's Day!)We were told we would have to wait fifteen minutes to be seated! Honestly, the place was half full and plenty of tables were available. We asked if we could sit at a small table in the bar area (which was TOTALLY empty) and were told we would have to wait fifteen minutes to be seated.A little puzzled, we asked about getting food while sitting at the bar. Hostess told us that would be fine.We decided to leave. Before we left I asked the Hostess , "Why the wait? The restaurant is half full?" Her response was, "Because my kitchen is backed up". I said, "Wait, we can get food without a wait if we sit at the bar, but the kitchen is backed up and you are half full." This does not make sense?" She just got mad so we left. Went to Sammy's Pizza in the same area, great food, great service, even a glass of champagne for Mother's Day. We called the manager of TGIF from the restaurant and asked her about the "wait". She told us there was no wait and no back up in the kitchen."You need to let the hostess know there is no wait". Manager did not really care.This place should be packed on Mother's Day-every other eatery on Sunset was packed.This TGIF's is on its way to closing unless the owner gets a grip on his staff. ..Call in the Restaurant Recovery program! This staff is killing what should be a successful franchise!
1	The service was horrible and the slowest I've ever experienced. I won't be back.
1	We hadn't eaten in a Fridays in years, so we thought we have a nice dinner with the kids this past Saturday. My husband signed up for their app while we waited to be served. To spare you the graphic details, let's just say he's been in the bathroom ever since, and today is Tuesday! He's used their "feedback" feature no less than a half dozen times in the last three days, and I can only assume that there is no one checking it. We had minor issues with service and the time it took to get our food, but these seem less important now.It simply is not the place it once was.
4	Always a great place to get a beer and 1/2 price appetizers, (they now serve Goose Neck IPA!!!!!)The bar side servers are always on the ball, friendly and fast.
4	Who doesn't love Happy Hour? I mean you're supposed to be Happy, right?Happy Hour runs in the bar area (very large might I add). We (Dao N.) ventured over after a day of students, grading, and paperwork everywhere and ordered Potato skins, Buffalo Chicken Wings, Nachos skillet, and Wild Berry Sangrias!I originally ordered a peach sangria but they didn't have white wine or something.. but that's fine because the Wild Berry Sangrias were DELICIOUS!Service was in my opinion a bit slower than what I'm used to, but I try to live in a fast lane and managed to enjoy my dinner.
1	I keep giving Friday's more chances in hopes that they will restore my faith in them, but I think I'm good. Tried one of their black angus burgers and it was very dry even after ordering it medium. The bun was juicier than the patty since it was covered in grease. The blue cheese was lacking. Fry portion is now smaller, everything we needed (i.e., napkins, mustard, water) we had to ask for. I could've and should've done better at home and saved myself $40. Sorry Friday's, I must bid you adieux.....
5	Finally a TGI Fridays that hasn't turned the bar into gaming... SO happy to be able to bring our son in the bar so we can still enjoy all the great Happy Hour specials... Happy Hour is all day everyday!!
5	I was really happy we discovered a TGI Fridays that hasn't succumbed to the gaming frenzy of Las Vegas. We were actually able to eat in the bar area with out son, and get the happy hour bar pricing! Thanks to this location, and please don't change!
4	Really great experience. We have been going to some chilis and applebees a couple times a month remembering all 3 of them being pretty much the same restaurant with a different name so not making an effort to pick one over the others. We wandered in to this Friday's simply because it was convenient and right next to what we were doing that day and I am glad we did. It seems that they have worked to distance themselves and put themselves a notch above the other two. Very happy with what we found.
4	I was starving after work as usual so I decided to stop by this Friday's. I was a little skeptical at first due to the rating but I figured it can't be that bad!!!!!! I was immediately greeted at the door by the hostess and I opted to sit at the bar. It was pretty empty but I'm sure it's due to it being a Tuesday and in the afternoon. I'm not complaining about that. I love quick service! The bartender was pretty friendly and he reminded me of "Mr. Clean" lol. I ordered up a Ultimate Long Island to start me off with the spinach dip. At first I thought the drink was pretty weak as I could not taste too much alcohol. But boy did it creep up on me!!!! -_- The Spinach dip was pretty bland which sucked. I've had much better tasting spinach dip from other TGI Friday's. That didn't discourage me from ordering more though. I ordered the new bacon Mac n cheese bites as well as the all american double burger!!!!! Bam!!!! They're back on track! Did I mention happy hour is 11am-2am so ummm, half off!!!!! The bites are like heaven in a little ball and the burger was kick ass! They certainly redeemed themselves. I topped it off with an Ultimate Margarita and was out the door. Overall, my experience was good. This is Friday's so you get what you get. Nothing fancy but definitely gets the job done. The only reason I gave it 4 stars was due to the spinach dip not being up to standard. Don't hesitate to stop by for Happy Hour. It's a deal!The Good:-Fast service-Strong drinks-No crowd-Friendly service -The Bad: -Spinach dip was ehhhhh (Not so good)
5	Holy cow the food was amazing. I went there for lunch and decided to get the Jack Daniels Burger lunch special, or whatever it's called. I got a huge burger and loads of fries for $7 I believe. The Jack Daniel sauce was A-MA-ZING and I was tempted to ask for a bottle of the stuff and an extra straw. Definitely try it, it's life-changing!
2	Food was ok, nothing that stood out, crowded and slow service, most likely wont be back, nothing to drive across town for!
2	The 2 stars is just for the server Ileanne (sp?) and for the cheeseburger meal off the kids menu 4.99. The horrible experience with the food reminded me why we do not frequent chain restaurants. This place was walking distance from the back entrance of the Marriott Courtyard where we were staying at and they offered room service delivery for a small fee but we decided to take a short stroll for a family dinner. It was a Thursday night so the restaurant was not crowded.  We paid 10.99 for 2 of the saddest looking and sized crab cakes that was not even big enough to share. It was just lump crab meat mixed in egg whites and pan fried, that really was it. The Friday's shrimp was over priced and left the bf starving. My pan seared flounder had no seasoning, and for me to complain that there is no seasoning is rare since I don't require much to begin with. The steamed vegetables and rice seemed like they were boiled in the same water without any seasoning. In hindsight, I should have ordered a burger, much cheaper but I was trying to be supportive of the bf's new diet. I took a bite of our son's cheeseburger and it was perfect. The bf had to order a salad to take back to the room because he was still starving. We will not be returning and it will probably be a few years before I think of visiting this chain again. Seems like all the chain restaurants are just charging for overhead nowadays, not quality or taste of their food. There are many more restaurants within walking distance to choose from.
5	Food is good - nice selection and consistent quality.  The highlight of the night of our afternoon was Bryan, the bartender.  Witty, hilarious, and excellent drinks! Keep my drink refilled without even having to ask. My personal favorite is the electric lemonade...it will knock your socks off without tasting a drop of alcohol.
1	Where do I begin.... We were just 2 in our party. First off service was super slow and everyone around us was served first, including larger parties. Our waitress was in attentive and seemed annoyed with any requests. We ordered 2 expensive dishes with lobster which was Not impressive, but the small steak was pretty good. I ordered a side house salad which was a waste of time and no where near worth the price. I sent it back and had to ask multiple times for it to be removed from the bill. The worst part of this trip and restaurant was with the bill. We asked if there was a military discount and they do offer one but only to the military id holder. EVERYWHERE else literally gives the discount to the entire bill, but nonetheless we were given a small discount to the cheapest entree but nothing else. The manager came over to the table and not only clarified the "rule" but made a point to mention that generally they don't give the discount to spouses. I am completely appauld by this behavior and disrespect to the military. Not only will I be sharing this story on multiple review sites I will be contacting corporate. I urge you not to give this place your business. It's not about the money it's a principle and respect. Oh I almost forgot, the manger and waitress acted like the discount came out of their personal check... Kudos to you for your company obsession.
4	There is never a hostess up front when you first walk in.... Ever.I love the food and overall service of this place. The Korean and Thai pulled pork tacos are awesome. Love their appetizer and drink selection. I dig the wild berry lemonade.The ONLY reason to come to this location is to get service from BJ. He's a fantastic waiter and beyond friendly. Get seated at his side which is near the bar.
2	Erica the bartender is outstanding.... Otherwise I would not have given ANY stars at all.  The potato skins were pathetic.   I posted a picture of them on FB too bad the picture is on the Sarah FB page because Sunset doesn't have one.  Makes me wonder why they don't.  I also posted a pic of the Fridays Frozen Potato skins which LOOKED ahellofalot more appetizing than the ones we were served.  We also ordered the Triple Stack Ruben without caramelized onions (which just don't belong on a Ruben).  I opened the sandwich that had all of a total of 4 small specs of sauerkraut.  I immediately asked for a side of sauerkraut and the side came COLD as ice.  The corned beef was like lunch-meat and with 3 pieces of bread, there was only one slice of Swiss cheese.  Completely disappointing.
2	It's not that the food was terrible but it wasn't great, either.  Salmon with langostino lobster had overlooked salmon; jack ribeye with shrimp scampi had overlooked shrimp and was way too salty; while the steak would have been good except for being overdone.
5	We love BJ. Only reason we come here. Always great service!! Once again no hostess in the front but we've gotten used to that. Had the Jack Daniels burger.. OMG, nomnomnomnom.
2	My boyfriend and I went to Friday's around 8:30pm on a Friday night. Good time for them to be on their A-game, right? Not so much. Let me start by saying that during our 15 minute wait to be seated we witnessed the same waitress come up to the host stand about 3 times complaining very loudly about her life, her customers (awkward for us - hope we don't get seated in her section as to not bother her...at WORK) and her job. .......... That's incredibly unprofessional no matter where or who you are. But you can literally tell everybody hates working at this place.It took the server (not the Debbie Downer yay!) about 10 minutes from the time we sat at our table to even greet us and ask if we wanted anything to drink. Time it out. The next time you go to a restaurant see how long 10 minutes really is for the initial greeting. I gave him the benefit of the doubt though...it was busy on a Friday night. I asked the server if they had alcoholic lemonades. He thought for a second and then said "no, we don't." But suggested the "Electric Lemonade" some blue drink so I got that. ....I later opened up the drink menu to find a whole page titled "LEMONADES"  lol yeah I should have looked cuz I definitely had the time but.....maybe he was new. Gave him the benefit of the doubt.We ordered the beef cheese dip for an appetizer and it was pretty tasteless. I only ate the cheese part, but there was barely any beef on it, and the cheese tasted really artificial. We all know we don't come to Friday's to eat healthy, but if we're going to be fat kids, the food should be worth the calories. Just saying.I ordered the Salmon with langostino lobster on top. ..... I observe Lent so no meat on Fridays...the only reason I ordered salmon at Fridays - let's be real. The langostino was GROSSSS clearly had been defrosted and not prepared properly. it was just mushy and weird. The salmon was decent...clearly frozen salmon. The menu stated it came with a garlic alfredo sauce... yeah it definitely didn't come with that. It was some weird brown sauce with mushrooms that was not even enough to eat each bite of salmon with. Got the mashed potatoes...which tasted more like butter than anything else, and the garlic parmesan steak fries were gross. They were shiny with oil and it pooled at the bottom of the dish. That's not ok. They were clearly coated with some artificial garlic sauce or whatever that made it taste more tart than anything which was really awkward, and the 10 little pieces of shredded parmesan that actually made it on to the fries had no taste.I don't expect miraculous food at Friday's but on a Friday night during peak hours, I expected better than what we got. I would not come back here if it were my choice.
1	As my office is not far from here, I frequent this resturant for their lunch specials. Usually the service is excellent. Yesterday, I had an experience with a waitress who only had two tables, was slow with service, rude and not that intersted in her job.I had to wait so long for the check that I finally just plopped down 20 bucks on the table and left, leaving her a much bigger tip that I wanted to but I had to get back to work.When I informed the host of the terrible service he just kind of shrugged at me and said " sorry about that"Come on people it was 11:30 am on a Tuesday only two occupied tables in the whole joint. Had to wait almost 20 minutes for my lunch and it was lukewarm.Needless to say, wont be going back.
1	I just had the worst service here.  Eric our waiter was non-existent and we had to seek him out just to get our check.  Food was overdone and nothing to talk about.
1	I did provide pictures. After waiting 40 minutes for my dish to arrive to the table it's cold. I just must ask why did I wait so long for cold food. Got to believe no one is in here. I swear its just the husband and I. I'm just sitting here waiting for my food to be remade. And watching my husband eat his lunch. I can't believe all this time I've waited for food and it's cold. :( Then to top it all they just keep on forgetting to add things to my dish. Really how did you forget the ice cream? They have a I don't care attitude. So let me get one of those. no more eating at Friday's for me.
1	I usually go to TGIF but after this experience and the previous ones NEVER again!Im susbscribed to the rewards system and i usually get free appetizers or deserts for my points plus i get the 20% off or buy one get the other free in the mail. When i began coming here the waiters were really cool and they would accept both my coupons because they are not the same but lately, they've been jerks! They say the cannot accept both but they can its been done before in other TGIF restaurants as well. Like one of the waiters said "I dont see why not its not like you are giving me 2 of the same coupons"Service has been horrible!!!
1	Only come here between 11am-3pm and ask for BJ. He's the greatest waiter, ever.My low rating is for the service you get after 5pm. It stinks. Waited 20 minutes just to get water and iced tea. Never again will I return for dinner. We walked out today.
5	Best happy hour around. Great service!! BJ, Brian and Jonthan all rock!Also no smoking in the bar area. I love this place.
4	Great servers and good food. Nice place to bring the kido or on a date night with the husband.
1	We went there for Father's Day. We got there at five and we're sited right away. Then we waited and waited! No one came to take our order, not even our drinks! People all around us were helped but us. We got up and left after 40 mins. I hope this helps you to go some where else as we did. So much for my Father's Day!!
4	I had a great eating experience here today. The appetizers were very well prepared. I'll definitely be back, and soon.
1	Decided to come for lunch with my mom, sister, and a friend because we heard about the 10$ endless appetizers. We didn't see anything about the endless appetizers on the menu so we asked the waiter about them only to find out we couldn't share the appetizers. You can only get one appetizer too. So that was pretty upsetting, we ordered strawberry lemonades and the entire cup was ice so we finished the lemonade in maybe 2 sips (yes, sips!) so when we went to ask for a refill we were beyond shocked when the waiter informed us that it would cost 50 cents per refill. As if the experience couldn't get any worse we were looking around at props and the were beyond filthy; looks like the place hadn't been dusted in ages. A 60$ check is what we paid for poor service and horrible lunch to say the least. It made me question why these restaurants were still around. I will stick to Chilis (they rarely disappoint). And honestly I would go to Applebee's over TGI; and that says a lot being I don't like Applebee's much.
5	This place is an Oasis from the nonsense and noise that generally is Las Vegas. I arrived in town 3 hours late due to nightmare traffic on I15 with two picky kids in tow. Nearly everything else was closed. The staff here we're friendly, prompt and accommodating, even at 11pm on a Wednesday night.
1	I went in at 5 o'clock in the afternoon with my wife and we were one of 10 tables filled in the restaurant. We saw our waiter only three times. Once for our drinks, once for our order, and once for our check. She never checked on our drinks, she never asked how was the food, and our order took forever to complete and it was basic chicken strips and a burger. I will never come to this restaurant again after such poor service.
5	Erika is the greatest bartender in the history of TGI Fridays. That's all you need to know.
2	I love coming here and I always get good service but today I got the worst service ever!!!! Waited 30 min for the check when I finally got it and had the card ready no one came waited another 15 min I decided to just  get up and go look for the girl and give it in her hand. We never got our drinks refilled either.
1	My fault for not yelping this place before I ate here. THE FOOD IS TERRIBLE. if u go here -  have a drink and go somewhere else for dinner.  Service is excellent, food sucks!
1	So got sat at the table the host didn't look friendly no smile or hello, then got sat at the table and she gives the menu and walks away.... Next the sever comes up like he's in a gang and takes the order with a horrible tone of voice.... I must say I hate going to places with horrible customer service.
1	Thief the bartender male ...Why I'm Latin I can't read the billI as for the 2 for ten $ special I was a little sick that day I drink h20 ... and a couple pills ... OK he saw I was about to pay cash... 21.49$ ... wad the bill  I ask  what up with the 2 for $10  ...? Oh ups "sory"... it forever to get my bill back  I just left $11.00 cash ...WTF  DO I LOOK STUPID ...Take advantage off a sick dawn person ....W have at a shame By that way I been a server for 25 years ....
4	This is one of my favorite places to eat and drink. Happy hour 24/7 in the bar area with half prices appetizers, $6 margaritas & $4 beers. The food is fantastic. I haven't tried anything that was not good. Service is if-y and depends on the time of day and who's working.
5	Once a month I bring a friend to this restaurant for lunch. We usually sit at Bridget's table. Bridget is always amazing. She's always friendly and upbeat. She is also knowledgeable, polite, and professional. She comes to the table to take our drink order soon after we sit down. After she takes our food order she comes back frequently to make sure everything is ok and to see if we need anything. We never have to hunt her down or wait a long time for her to return, which is nice. When a coworker needs help, she says we're a team and is always willing to help. Most importantly she's nice to my friend. My friend has down syndrome. Whenever I take him out to eat, most waiters/waitresses totally ignore him. Bridget does not. Bridget talks to him, is patient with him, and treats him with respect and as a human being. I keep coming back (with my friend) mostly because of the positive experience Bridget creates. The food comes out quickly. It's always good, never over cooked or undercooked. It's seasoned just right. The portions are good size. There's a lot of different foods on the menu, so everyone can find what they like. The place is always clean. It also doesn't hurt that we can walk football (or whatever sport) while we eat. I would definitely recommend this place.
1	When walking in,  there was no wait.  The girl looks at my boyfriend and asks if we were the party of 5. I said no,  just 2. She continued to look over us and continued on with other business. We sat down  figuring we had to be next. 3 other groups  walked in and we're immediately  seated. I figured they had to be reservations. So I asked if they were aware we had been waiting. We received  minimal  apology then they seated us with someone's walker crammed  behind the table (in between  tables). The service was terrible and we will not be returning to this location .
2	I should note well that we love eating at Friday's with the girls, and this was my first and last time I'll visit this location.  The place was less than half full, plenty of staff but our waiter was horrific. The only reason I am giving a 2 star and not a -10 is because there was another member of the staff named Erika (working on the other side of restaurant) who took care of us completely and picked up our waiters lack of attention. I have never seen such bad service from a waiter and at the same time another waiter step in and completely save the day. Every time she came to get the food order she could see we were frustrated and did everything she could to make our experience better. The other gentleman who was our waiter was completely oblivious. I don't see this location lasting much longer with this type of management and operations.
1	Have been to this location 2xs in the past few months. 1st visit was for a weekday lunch, order the soup and salad combo which you would assume would be fairly easy and quick? Wrong! Took 30 minutes to get served...okay it's lunchtime and their fairly busy I get it soup must not be readily available for the server. 2nd visit a weeknight not very busy, started with coffee, server did not return to take our order so after 25 min and we had to flag him down to just get a check...will never go back.
1	Absolutely terrible service!  Quality of food is declining.Server was Not attentive. Had to have food returned twice, and no manager came by to check on the problem .  Place is Terrible!
1	It takes 20 min to get service after being seated. And the 15 min more to get an incomplete drink order to your table. Our waitresses hardly stuck around to take our whole order so we didn't get a chance to ask for veggies instead of fries on an order. I ordered the boneless wings with sauce on the side and when my food was delivered I was bathed in sauce. Which wasn't a big deal but the waitress addimately argued that I ordered it that way. So frustrating because you get way better service at the Fridays in Sam's Town... you just have to walk thru a smoky casino to get there. 8 (
1	They changed the cheesy broccoli soup to a white cream and broccoli soup with just a few sprinkles of shredded cheese on top. The broccoli was barely cooked. The chicken from the chicken shrimp dish was burnt and dry. We ordered a dessert and to go box at the same time. Dessert came, was ate and still no box. I was getting ready to leave the left over edible food if I would have gotten the bill in a timely manner. Got the box and then has to wait for the bill. Probably will not be returning to this location
