4	This isn't just a food shop... No, wait it is. That's why I like it so much. You don't have to fight your through hoards of middle aged people buying their holiday clothes to get to the good stuff. It's right there when you walk in.Making up one half of Morningside's middle-class foodie square (it's almost directly opposite Waitrose), M&S simply food has both style and substance. Sure, they've got the adverts with the sexy voice and all the packaging is beautiful, littered with hyperbolic adjectives and mouth-watering pictures, but the food actually tastes good too. The place was really well stocked and organised. The staff seem to be very well trained and are only too eager to help. There's a bakery section at the back (so the smells waft to the front, as well all the other things you'd expect from a small supermarket. Except this isn't just a small supermar... no I'm not going to indulge myself.
3	How excited can one person get over a chain supermarket? It turns out, quite a lot. Most people who know me know that I really like M & S Simply Food. It could be because of their amazing, food-porn advertising campaign. It could be because they are usually so conveniently placed. It could be, most likely, because the quality of their sandwiches, ready-meals and food generally is top knotch.So, yes, I do really like M & S Simply Food. For the standard of food alone I give them 5 stars, and its the same across all stores. Their Simply Fuller Longer range is really great for sandwiches and salads, healthy and tasty. All their ready meals are just nom, and dont' make me feel guilty when I can't be bothered cooking after a long day.So when Emily V and I were going to the cinema nearby and needed a picnic (shhhh don't tell!) we popped in here. And I was a wee bit disappointed. Their sandwich and salad section was really small,a nd they had NONE of the Simply Fuller Longer range. Eh what? There were more meat and veg options, and the actual dinner meals, but the snacky section was lacking.It is Morningside so perhaps people here wouldn't be seen dead eating a salad out of a plastic box with a plastic fork, and instead want to buy their own rack of lamb to cook from scratch (with the cheat, pretend-I-made-it mint sauce). That's ok.But for what I needed- picnic supplies - it wasn't so plentiful. It's M & S, it isn't just another food store, but it was lacking in the variety of other M & S's.
3	Every time I decide to get lunch from M&S, I think I'm in for a treat, and then by the time I get here I've remembered that they don't make nearly as many different sandwiches as they used to and what they DO make is pretty... meh.  They used to have great wraps, avocado sandwiches, brie and grape, tasty tastiness.  In the place of the tasty tastiness they have lots and lots and lots of pasta salad type things.  Now I realise I just listed avocado and brie as sandwich choices but have you SEEN the health information on those pasta salads??  They're like, 2/3 of your daily intake.  That's narsty.Additionally, the lines in here can be incredible.  Points for the staff for dealing with it quickly, but man at lunch it's absolutely ridiculous.  So... I'm just really not that keen on M&S anyway, but poor lunch selection paired with ridiculous lines makes this place 2 stars at lunch time and 3 stars the rest of the time.
4	Having M and S as you closest food shop does make the food bills go up!Love the adverts they are slightly arousing to a food lover with the artistically dripping butter and oozing cheese! The food is pretty good to and although this store is limited by its small size it is still pretty good. Though they should have wine in the fridge not just the champagne.
