5	Yes, it's Starbucks. But these baristas are hands-down the best in the state. Which is saying a lot, because I've been to a lot of Starbucks - obviously. This is a GREAT place to work out of, especially now that AT&T provides free Wi-Fi. :)
5	Ahhh the wonderful ppl at this Starbucks bring a smile to my everyday. I do the hair of a couple of these young associates and they just love to banter with me and the other guests. Oh, and my coffee is always made to perfection and by memorization!!!
3	This Starbuck's is located in a little stip mall smashed between Zoe's Kitchen and an Einstein's bagels.  I come here in the morning on the way into work because its close to my job and its good reliable coffee.I've been going to Starbucks for years, and I'm starting to become a regular here.  It's not my favorite one, for a variety of different reasons.  First, seating here is awkward.  Inside, they have one really long table, a couch, and like 2 small tables.  More of a group oriented seating arrangement then bunches of individual tables.  They do have ample outdoor seating, but I don't always feel like sitting outside.The service here is fine, but nothing exceptional.  I'm not moved by it, especially since I'm here in a very regular basis.  The staff is nice, but not as nice as others I have been to.My only formal complaint is that half the time I go in here, thier out of half and half.  At 7AM.  I get tired of having to walk the container back and forth to the counter at least 1 day a week, usually more.  I know the baristas are busy, but there's nothing worse then waiting in line twice.  Once for your coffee order and another time while the barista finishes waiting on 3 other customers before he can get to the empty creamer.I mean, I do have good days in here, but its always the same 2 or 3 issues that they fail on when I'm in here.  Generic service, running out of essential supplies, and limited seating indoors.  I mean, I know seating is seating, but it gets frustrating sometimes when I want to sit down at 7AM to eat my muffin and Ive got to tough it out in the summer when its scortching hot and I'd rather be in the AC...I guess I've had better experiences at Starbucks throughout the valley that I can say these things as comparisons to this location.
5	We have all been to Starbucks, and know the deal, so I will just say that the baristas here are super friendly, and the atmosphere is very welcoming.  Plenty of seating, and you will always find an array of people on their computers, reading, etc.
5	My favorite staff and environment this is the best buck
3	I go to this starbucks because it is close to the house.  The coffee is alway consistent, but if you ever see a promotion in the newspaper some staff has not been aware of the promotion.  Starbucks overall needs to contact their stores and put up in store signs if they are having a promotion.   Nothing worse than going to a Starbucks to buy a Via iced coffee pack with an advertised free small coffee and be told that they have not heard of that promotion, although I went home and double checked that I was correct on the promotion days.  It is a nice Starbucks and I go there every once in a while, less lately though.
5	This is probably my favorite of all the Starbucks in town when it comes to the look and feel of what a Starbucks should be.  Years ago this was a typical Starbucks, but recently they remodeled it and the look is just perfect for what SB is.  The staff is great and insanely nice.  If you need anything, they are more than happy to help and assist.  Of course making sure the drinks taste great is important too and I've never been disappointed.I work close to this location, so its on my way to work.  Love it here.
3	This was the first place I stopped in Phoenix when I arrived from driving across the country.  It's in a fairly good location off Camelback, near good shopping. The employees here are nice enough, but the inside of this Starbucks is tight on space. The parking outside is even worse. They make a pretty good Salted Caramel Mocha, but taken as a whole this isn't my favorite SBUX location in town.
4	Of all the Starbucks I've been to in Phoenix -- and I'm Seattle transplant, so I'm always searching for great coffee here in The Desert -- this one has been the best. The staff is always friendly and the lines here -- which there ALWAYS are, probably because the staff is so nice and competent -- are very fast-moving. The inside is tiny, yes, but I always find a spot to plug my laptop in.Compared to the SB on Tatum and the one on Shea across from Whole Foods, where they act like they're doing you the world's biggest favor by taking your order, this Starbucks is great.
3	This is the Starbucks for those of you Big Bang Theory wannabe and jock fans.  It's an interesting mix of customers that hang out here.  Service is hot and cold here.  Weekdays tend to be better, Saturdays service is sketchy as the barristas tend to be apathetic and hung over so you may need patience for that drink.  I showed up on a Saturday with 3 people in front of me and my grande peppermint mocha took 30 minutes.  I showed up on a weekday with 6 in front of me and it took 15.  Rock paper scissors, service consistency is not aligned with other locations.
3	I was not impressed by this Starbucks.I went every day during my PHX trip, and my drink was made incorrectly EVERY time. And then I was given attitude when I asked for it to be fixed- My drink doesn't even need to be remade to be fixed, just needs some classic syrup added. Also, on one of the days, they were out of receipt paper. And instead of telling me, the cashier walked away. I was still at the register when she came back. That's when I found out...
1	I was in this Starbucks yesterday and ordered a frappicino. I asked for 2cups to help keep it insulated and frozen longer in this AZ heat and the girl at the register snapped. She first said I could only have a sleeve and the when I said I would pay for the second cup she preceded to tell me how un environmentally friendly I am. How inappropriate and out of line.  I will be sending a letter to their coroporate office
5	The staff here is very fast, efficient, and friendly and Shawn, the Manager is friendly and professional. This is my favorite Starbucks!
5	My favorite Starbucks in AZ so far...  I love the couches!
5	My favorite Starbucks in AZ so far...  I love the couches!
4	This Starbucks is a bigger place than the ones I normally go to.  And everyone there has a laptop, ipad, or holding something electronic.  I felt the need to take out my cell phone and hold it.  he he he...  Everyone (customers and employees) are friendly.  They got the order spot on.  When we were leaving there was a GOOD dog sitting by the door with his leash not tied to anything just waiting for his owner.  Awwwwww....
5	I have been to a lot of Starbucks and I thought this Starbucks was really clean and it was pretty big inside too.  This year I got a free drink for my birthday.  I was pretty excited about it, because Starbucks is one of my favorite places to go for coffee.  So, when I went up to order my Chocolate Cookie Crumble Frappuccino.  The cashier was really friendly and wrote Happy 30th Birthday Amy on my cup.
3	Hey, at least the guy didn't ask "what can we get started for you". He knew I just wanted coffee. Medium coffee. Thanks.
4	Just like any Starbucks. However, it does not have a drive-thru (you'll have to go up a street for one on 16th street and Bethany Home). Often study here and they have lots of tables and chairs near outlets for your laptop. Staff is friendly and quick. Free WIFI is a plus.
3	It's a Starbucks that does Starbucks things... so if you like free WiFi, Starbucks Coffee, Tea or just hanging out, then head on down.
5	MMMMMMM love the coffee here
2	Listed as a dog friendly place. NOT. They only allow "Service Dogs." In which is fine. When I brought in a dog from our animal shelter. She was a very friendly dog and very quiet and well behaved. The manager or supervisor was very rude. Obvious she did not like dogs. I understand they have to follow their policies there. She acted like I was suppose to know and looked at the dog as if I brought in this monster. I bought my coffee and left. I don't want to go back there again.
4	This is my go-to Starbucks, mostly because it's on my way to work. Everyone there is friendly, polite and seems to know what they're doing. Even when the line is out the door these ladies (and the occasional gentleman) do a top-notch job of taking orders quickly. My name gets misspelled occasionally, but it's a tougher name to spell. My only real complaint is please please keep the delivery counter area wiped up and dry as much as possible. Half the time I order a croissant/pastry it gets placed in drink spillage which soaks through the paper, making the croissant soggy and harder to transport in the car, (and also, not worth the price.) I understand it gets busy, but for the prices charged and the otherwise high standards, this small improvement would make a HUGE difference.
4	Love the customer service here. I work across the street so I'm in frequently. Great awesome women, they make the best drinks and know my order when I didn't even ask for it yet! Thanks ladies for making my coffee just the way I like it!
5	Great location! Customer service is always on point. I have been here in the mornings and at night and staff is always great.
5	They have the Clover machine if you want that. We came in the back door not realizing it, as we are new to the area. The configuration of the store is long with a couple of long tables, several two person tables but just two big comfortable chairs. One door out the back and one door out the front toward the street. Plenty if parking, front or back.Incredible selection in the food cabinet!Not sure to whom this location is catering, but it was super busy this Sunday morning! The baristas seemed friendly particularly to the locals (a firefighter and a woman who appeared to work nearby). We have made it a goal to try every Starbucks in our neighborhood. This one had great coffee, but just not the relaxing environment that we are looking for to enjoy our coffee and linger over a good book. Might be back if we are shopping nearby in the Last Chance (hubby hates that store) and need a coffee fix.
1	Came in to the store and no one greeted me even though there were 5 employees on at 8 am. Ordered a venti iced coffee with 2 pumps white mocha instead of the regular pumps of classic and they charged me for a full set of pumps (.60) when I asked why I was being charged, very coldly and dignified, the barista told me it is corporate policy... I responded with I know corporate, I was a partner for 6 years. Personally, I would never have charged for the white mocha seeing that I was not getting the full pumps and I was not getting the classic syrup. Never coming to this one again. I much prefer the stores closer to my house. At my store we made sure to greet every guest when they came in and tried to make a connection with everyone who ordered a drink. If this is the same regional manager as other Starbucks I've been to then they need to know he is not doing a good job. A lot of stores are not gold standard.
2	Either they need to hire more baristas or they need to work in faster pace.  I ordered a very simple drink and waited for over 5 minutes for it.  It was also during evening rush hours, but that shouldn't be the reason why my drink took a long time to make.  Not impressed at all.
3	I'm going to give this location a solid 3-spot. Yeah, it's a Starbucks and we all know that means good tea, decent coffee yet blah/over-priced/microwaved food. But when you need to meet someone away from home or work...or if you just need to get some work done at a 3rd-party location...Starbucks is it, boss!I have to say this location at Camelback/16th Street is my favorite in Phoenix, and I have tried most of them. The staff here is definitely the Best in the area. Sometimes the lines get backed up a bit...but I tell you what, if a similar volume of people ever hit the Starbucks at Indian School/20th St, or the Starbucks at the Esplanade...dude, you'd be waiting for a WEEK. In short, solid training and good employees at this joint. A+ for that.Why 3 stars?Unfortunately, the bathrooms at this location are pretty rank. It's a mystery how you can have great customer service up front, but lag so much in cleanliness. They do a decent job of the tables and chairs inside; not great, but good enough. But the OUTSIDE tables/chairs are a problem, both in the front and the back. Sticky, foody, gummy, GROSS. They are simply not tended to...which creates the occasional influx of homeless and crackheads hollering for a dollar.. or some change "for the bus". Pretty standard stuff: in the city...if your patio area looks ghetto, you'll attract the down-and-out. If it looks clean, tight and neat, they won't feel as comfortable begging, sleeping and smelling like urine around the paying customer base. Also on occasion the down-and-outers hang out INSIDE...usually on the cushy chairs by the front door or by the more furtive 2-tops that line the back hallway.Parking is a breeze, but no drive-thru, as some Starbucks in Phoenix are equipped with.If the Starbuckers (literally) cleaned up the surroundings here; would be a 4- or 5-star coffee shop.
2	I believe the cost is too expensive not equal to the services I received. That's all...
