5	Rachael definitely knows how to do an amazing color. I wasn't sure what color I was exactly looking for, but Rachael listened to what I wanted and created a color I get complements on everyday! Can't wait to come back!
5	Miss Rachael has been doing my Mom's hair for years, and I mean like at least 10 years. About a year ago I left my hair stylist for Miss Rachael and I could not be happier. I love her so much. Her color knowledge is amazing and I never leave there unhappy. My cut is always a trim here and a trim there, but my hair feels great when I leave there. I have sent friends and co workers to her as well and they love her too. :)Rachael is sweet as can be, and engages you with her other clients if you happen to get their early or if her next client comes early, she is quick to introduce you to them. The Backstage Beauty Salon is a perfect area for Rachael to work her magic on your hair!! This location is great in the Northwest Area. It is close to so many things too so you wont ever feel like you are in the middle of nowhere and nothing around. Thanks Miss Rachael for always making my hair look great!
5	Rachael has been doing my hair for about 15 years.  About 13 years ago I moved out of the Las Vegas area, in fact completely out of the state, but I travel back so that I can get my hair done by Rachael.  I dont trust ANYONE like I trust her.  Her color knowledge, expirience and expertise are second to none.  I have fairly unruly hair (curly and thick) and I am not willing to spend a bunch of time trying to make it behave.  Rachael understands this about me and gives me a style that I can handle and look great.  I've always said that the best way to know if your stylist is any good is when people stop you and ask "who does your hair."  This happens to me constantly and it's fun to say "Rachael at Backstage, but you'll have to go all the way to Vegas!"  She is awesome and worth the trip to Vegas.  She is charming and friendly and above all a real professional.  Hollywood and NY stylists got NOTHING on this girl!
5	I have had my hair cut, colored, styled, conditioned and treated by Rachael for over 6 years.  I have also recommended Rachael to over 25 friends and colleagues.  I strongly encourage you to consult with Rachael and let her do her magic to your hair. She's fantastic and her salon is clean, neat ,cozy and also provides all the products...I just love and gotta have :)
5	Finally found someone who truly loves what she does and makes it show in my hair! My hair has never looked better. I was a client at aveda for five years before getting fet up with unhappy stylists that quit, ridiculous prices and poor service. Now i enjoy supporting this small business owner, but i enjoy my hair even more! Rachael is the bomb!
5	If you want a one of a kind color that is AMAZING, Rachael certainly is the woman for you!
5	This month marks my five year anniversary with Rachael. Not only does she do the most amazing things with my hair, she's a wonderful friend and endlessly entertaining! I'd say she is the best colorist I've ever had and he prices are outstanding! She's worth every penny and I love her to death. Wouldn't trust my hair to anyone else.
5	I've been searching for years for that one hair stylist that I love. I finally did today with Rachel. I got the best haircut ever and also some lowlights that look fantastic. She was so helpful and had wonderful ideas for what to do with my hair. Her suggestions were spot on and I went with everything she said she thought would be good. Excellent results. I could not be happier. I will definitely be returning regularly.
5	It's now 2 more years ( plus the original 6 years ) and I'm still coming to Rachael from California for my color, hi lites, low lites, straightening, haircut and occasional styling lessons ;))) hands down the BEST stylist colorist, therapist and dear friend   I love everything about backstage beauty especially the way Rachael makes me look and feel
5	Omg best place ever. My hair looks great. She helped me with great great products for my hair and other stuff.... I'm happy that I found someone who I can trust with my hair. Thanks for helping me.
5	I currently drive from Arizona to have Rachael do my hair.  Yep, she's that good.  Been a client since the early 1990s and even when I lived in Cheyney WY I used to fly in to Vegas to see Rachael.  Expert color and cuts.  The best.
5	Rachael has been cutting my hair for years, making my wife and myself very happy.  This is a great place for hair.
5	It's been 17 years since anyone but Rachael has cut my hair. There is no better hairstylist in town! My 2 boys have only had their haircut by Rachael, in fact they refer to her as Auntie Rachael. If you're looking for a new place or are new to town do yourself a favor an make an appointment at Backstage Beauty Salon, you will not regret it!! You will instantly feel like you've been best friends for 17 years, like I do!!
5	I had been searching for someone for a while to be "my hairstylist". I stumbled onto Rachael while checking out reviews for other Las Vegas hairstylists and decided to give her a try because 1) the reviews looked great and 2) I liked that she had a more private hair salon within Sola Salons. I went in for a cut and it was FABULOUS. I felt like a million dollars. I decided to keep going back after that visit -- not intending to ever do more than my haircuts with her, but decided to have her start coloring my hair too, rather than doing it myself (I love my color more than ever!). I've been to Rachael regularly for the last 6 months and have always been happy with the results. She's friendly, easy-going, and knows her stuff.
5	I've been going to Rachael at Backstage Beauty for about 6 months now and she is AMAZING! She really takes her time with each client and makes you feel very comfortable,  just like a friend. I would definitely recommend her to all my friends! Her salon it's also in a great location.
