2	First of all, not a fan of the location. It's not the best area of town, and not sure that I would make a special trip to go there. The yogurt itself was kind of bland. I had the vanilla and the peanut butter, and they both tasted sour. I even put peanut butter sauce on and didn't taste the peanut butter. I did like the patio but felt like it was in the way of people coming to work out. I most likely won't be back.
4	Normally I would give a place like this 3 stars, but in this particular case I've bumped it up to 4 stars based solely on the fact that this is a locally owned and operated family business.  SUPPORT LOCAL BUSINESSES!  Yep, I'm one of those people.  Similar in style to Orange Leaf, YOLO has essentially the same business model.  But in an effort to distinguish themselves they have what they call the "YOLO Crush," two heavy duty blenders that allow you to blend your toppings into the frozen yogurt.  It should be noted that using the YOLO Crush requires putting your frozen yogurt into a cup as opposed to their bowls.  I use the word "blend" to describe the YOLO Crush, but the two young ladies I was with were excited to describe it as "DESTROYING!!!" their toppings.  They absolutely loved it.  For the boring, old people who are lactose intolerant, aka. me, they have two flavors that were non-dairy, so I tried the Mango Tango.  I enjoyed it.  The slight hint of tumeric was delicious!  See?  I'm not that boring.  *looks around suspiciously*Overall, I like this place better because it is a local business, and the folks here have a friendly, happy energy to them.  Though, like Orange Leaf they charge by the ounce, which means my kid will ALWAYS walk out of there with an entire days worth calories and a lot less in my wallet.  However, it's not their fault my kid has no self control!  YOLO!!
5	This is a place that you have to try. YOLO is good anytime...and it's fun to be YOLO'd. Perfect after dinner, Badger games, or anytime. Found out that they do birthday parties which is great for kids. Might Just be a great place to hold a meeting.....work is more fun with YOLO....especially with Peanut Butter.Give them a try, you won't be disappointed and it s a great value.
