5	Great salon/spa!  The staff is wonderful and very talented.  It's so warm and inviting!  Love, love, love!  Highly recommend!!!
5	I have gone there twice once in October and another just a few days ago for a Swedish massage. It was perfect and very relaxing. Also as an added bonus I found my Stylist had moved there from her previous employer (who was a jerk to her employees in front of customers!!!). Now since she moved to Metamorphosis I am more than sure it will be a better experience.
4	I have been getting my hair cut at Metamorphosis for several months. The atmosphere is very upbeat and welcoming. The entire staff, and more importantly the customers, seem genuinely happy to be there. I have not availed myself to the spa facilities, but when it comes time to pamper myself this will be where I do it.
5	This spa is fantastic. It is reasonably priced and the staff and the owners are very nice. I highly recommend giving this place a try and seeing for yourself what a great experience it is.
5	I love this place!  The people are great and the environment is just a great place to be in.  Their services are all wonderful and their products are the best available!
5	I just met the owner tonight, and I was very impressed with all of her answers to my questions about her salon. I cannot wait to visit and write another review! Organic products, great website, and in a great neighborhood. Support local business owners and try out Metamorphosis in Lawrenceville!
4	When was the last time you had a fun conversation with your manicurist including a chat about theater performances and new trends in Thai massage?  That's just one of the reasons we will return.My friends and I had services at this salon recently and will definitely go back.  Mia and her staff provide the full array of salon services.  She's very personable and  knowledgeable.  I had the mani-pedi.  The salon has tons of nail colors and the Aveda line of hair products.  Machines are clean and the staff did a great job. Other people in our group had different services and all were pleased.Being a small salon operated by a young owner, Metamorphosis provides personalized service, something I find lacking in both the chains and the "high end" salons in the city.  You can make appointment requests online and get quick responses.I'm happy to support this entrepreneur !
4	Finally, a place I can get a massage where I don't have to keep up awkward conversation with my masseuse. She was awesome-- it was relaxing, and I'd totally go there again. Only downside- it can get a little pricey. I used a Living Social and only paid $35, but prices are usually $80-$100 for a 1hr massage. I guess this place will be relegated to my "mental health" couple times a year =)
2	I went here to fix my ombre. They were highly rated on here with decent pictures of the salon. However, the decor was tacky, the place looked dirty, and they charged for a bang trim (first time for everything I suppose). They kind of fixed my ombre, which was nice but I went back to have my nails done for my engagement photos. It took them literally 3 hours to do my manicure because they cut me and they didn't know how to do shellac, which they claimed that they could do a month before the appointment. I was late for my caterer and later that night I went to a nail salon in the mall and I got them redone. Definitely buyer beware.
5	ERMAGURD! Dallas did amazing things to my toenails!!!!! I love my little mustache he painted over the french pedi!!! I will definitely go back! LOVE LOVE LOVE!
1	Worst massages ever!  I received one by someone not even licensed to perform massages.  He pushed so hard on my nose it hurt for days.  The other therapist applied no pressure but a vat of oil.
5	I'm not joking when I say I've been searching for a salon/stylist for years. I've gone to so many different salons and stylists searching for somewhere that I could leave satisfied every time.. My search is over! I absolutely LOVE Metamorphosis Day spa! I have been there more than once and have left completely satisfied every time! The staff here is great! Such a welcoming salon. I automatically feel welcome and relaxed from my first step in the door. Every time I've been there, everyone working took the time to talk to me. Such a wonderful feeling to be welcomed and treated that way...not like I'm just a $. So far I've only had haircuts but I can assure you I will be going back, not only for haircuts, but to try out their other services which I'm sure I'll be just as thrilled with!!!!   I highly recommend going here!!!!!!
5	I can't say enough that this salon is #1 in Pittsburgh! First they have a huge selection of services including imaginative spa treatments, facials, and massages. They are organic and conscientious about what products they use on their clients which I love! It says a lot about the business and the character of those running the show. They also offer high quality organic hair products and skincare to purchase which makes things easier for me since that is all I use! The decor is trendy and sheik plus the vibe is very laid back, FRIENDLY, and fun! I have to say that in the past walking into certain salons with snotty front desk people sizing you up was not working out for me.I dreaded making appointments. As a busy mom I let my hair go for months before this visit! I was bordering on an Amish meets little house on the prairie look. Meaning pin straight no style whatsoever! EEKS! It made me look older and tired. No bueno.I called pretty last minute and booked an appointment with Mia, who is also an owner and who very graciously worked with my schedule and fit me in. Can you say customer service? I repeat phenomenal customer service! Sitting in the chair I was a bit mortified like I usually am for letting my hair look like it did. Mia was so sweet and reassured me that my hair was, healthy, shiny, and that that despite it being fine, I had a lot of it. I have a phobia of my hair all falling out because I shed like crazy. She dismissed my fears and when I looked at the final result I was elated. She put longer layers, curled it, and made me feel 10 years younger. I had also showed her a picture and she was very supportive of my choice and gave me just what I asked for. I love my hair! I can style it myself and everyone remarked on how beautiful it looked!I could go on and on but really if you want exceptional service, modern, knowledgeable, and talented stylists, (yes all of them from other people I have seen), a non judgmental friendly atmosphere, very affordable, along with an inviting creative space you will go here! Tip # I have never seen a happier staff, everyone who works here loves it and it shows plus everyone is so nice. Shout out to the META crew!!
5	I had an appointment to have my hair cut by Mia and it was a great experience. She was friendly and professional and she really tried to listen to my needs. My haircut turned out great and I really love that the products are natural and cruelty free. I can't wait until they get their new salon so I can sign up for some yoga classes!
4	After 10 long months following  last summer's fire, the girls at Meta are back in their newly renovated salon near 51st and Butler. It's a pleasant, cool, light-filled space with particularly nice pedicure area. Lindsay gave me a great cut and mani/pedi and was professional, talented and easy to talk to. I will definitely return to Metamorphosis in the future- so happy to have found my regular Pittsburgh salon!
5	One Saturday morning I decided that I wanted to take a Yoga class.  I had used my yelp app to find a studio near me that offered saturday yoga classes and it was so close I could walk there!  I took a stroll down Butler street to the salon and was instantly greeted with a warm smile by everyone in the place.  I was an hour early for the class as I really didn't look at the schedule, just decided to go.  So what to do while I waited, hm... A pedicure of course!  The girl that did my pedicure was very professional, friendly, and accommodating to my every need.  They even waited til after my class to paint my toe nails so that there was no chance of smudging them.  The yoga class I took was give by Julie, she was excellent!  Best yoga class I have ever taken!  I will becoming back to this salon and yoga studio for sure!  Next on my list to try is a massage, I can't wait!
5	This review is for 8/29/2014.I brought my bridal party, my mom, and a few friends here to get manis and pedis the day before my wedding.  We pretty much had the salon to ourselves on a Friday afternoon.   We were welcomed by a sweet team of ladies that made us feel instantly comfortable and right at home.  This salon is impeccably clean and very stylish.  The chairs in the back for pedis were quite comfy and luxurious, I didn't want to get out of the chair.  We were also offered wine and coffee.  The girls did an excellent job and were able to take care of every single person in our pretty large party.  They even let us change and get ready for the rehearsal dinner which was down the street from the salon.  One of the girls offered to style my hair while we were waiting for the rest of the girls to finish up.  She did a very cool and quick up-do that went well with my vintage dress.  I am very pleased with this salon, and it was so nice to have a pinch of relaxation during all the wedding madness!I would highly recommend this salon for a relaxing day with the girls or if you are looking for a place in to get manis/ pedis for your bridal party - this is the place to go!!!!
5	Today I had my first, of many I'm sure, visit to Metamorphosis. First of all, what a lovely studio! It is painted a calming mintish green and has dark wood accents. In the back, the walls are a beautiful plum color with the same dark wood. It is uncluttered and very clean with pleasing lighting.  My stylist was Lindsay, a very pretty,  personable, stylish young lady. Lindsay took a good amount of time talking to me about my hair; what I like about it, and dislike about it. She also made sure she understood how much time I like to spend on my hair on a daily basis and what sort of styling tools I use, have, or want to use. After making sure she understood what I hoped for...and explaining what she thought, she gave me an AMAZING shampoo/conditioning ahhhhh! Wow...felt so good! She cut and styled my hair, all the while providing me some excellent conversation,  and I walked out the door VERY pleased! I WILL be back!
5	After taking part in the Yelp Burgh Bash a few months ago, there were a few places that stood out to me that I knew I wanted to try - one being Metamorphosis. My boyfriend was shocked when I told him I never had a pedicure (I don't think it's that crazy) so we gladly accepted their gift bags/coupons and finally booked an appointment. The place itself is awesome. Everything is clean, hip and trendy. It's decently sized and I didn't feel cramped like you do at some spas/salons. The pedicure was amazing! Wow! What took me so long. My feet felt incredible after and I want to go back. I would go into detail about what the pedicure consisted of but not only do I not totally remember, but I don't know the official lingo of everything. I will say there was some clipping, scrubbing, cleaning and painting (just a clear coat! Haha!). Oh, yeah, they also allow you to bring some booze and have some stocked for your pleasure as well. Awesome sangria! Huuuuge shout out to the fabulous ladies at the salon. They were friendly and totally easy going. We had great conversation and I felt at ease through the whole process. Thanks!We're already planning to head back for facials and I may be buying a few Christmas presents here as well. Shhh! ;)
