5	All Style is a sprinkler, drip system, and landscape lighting installation & repair company.  Owner Dave is your man.  I found Dave on Kudzu, where he had 18 reviews with perfect 5-star scores in all 3 ratings categories.. an incredible feat in a service business like this.  My drip system was doing just that - "dripping", with very low output, and my yard was starting to suffer under the July heat and lack of water.  Dave was out at 8am the day after contacting him, and quickly diagnosed my problem as a bad diaphragm, a simple $6 part.  The system was quickly repaired, and while here he inspected the system for leaks and output at all the emitters, and made some minor adjustments to bring the entire system up to snuff.  The cost was VERY reasonable.  Brak is a happy camper!  All Style rates a solid 5 stars on the Brak-o-meter, and receives his highest recommendation.
5	I am from Oregon. It rains there. I rains all the time. I have never had any sprinkler system, a pool or cactus plants until moving here. Granted, this was 10 years ago and I am still mystified, frustrated and constantly behind the ball when it comes to watering whatever green foliage it is that I might have.  That being said, I have had COUNTLESS encounters with sprinkler fixin' folk.  There's a pervasive panic that seems to come from caring for these small sprouting heads that wastefully distribute water across my (now) very large yard. We have two sprinkler controllers, a few of the gaskets and fixtures underground, and then a ton of dripping, sprikling and leaking areas across the yard.Until NOW I have never found anyone who fully understand our dilemna.  Dave was amazing. I called him based on this recommendation in YELP and I can't say enough.  He was so kind, patient and fully understanding of my anxiety around the water loss and the general confusion - feeling totally out of control!   I was fearful he would charge hundreds for the counseling I needed, and hundreds more for the time it would take to dig up the leaks and fix them.Instead it was 87.00.  Yep, that's it.  We talked on the phone, he visited twice to make sure I was comfortable, he shared some insight and advice with me.  He charged me for labor and parts for ONE visit and asked me to consider working with him in the future if things got rough again. Did I mention he charged me for ONE visit but made sure he came by to talk to me in person the next day?  Did I mention he let me ramble on and on (as I am doing in this post) and never thought I was nuts for still (after 10 years) being confused and unable to fix my own problems?I highly recommend this company.  I am sure it will cost more if you have bigger issues - but it was the care that he took to ensure I was comfortable and fully satisfied with his work.
1	Dave is an amazing person who will do well at whatever he does, but I am afraid he stood us up this morning and when we contacted him to find out where he was, he told my husband that he is really no longer in the sprinkler business.  This makes me very, very sad! I loved him and I adored working with him.
1	Never showed up, I waited 2 hour for him
