1	The worst customer service I have ever experienced.  Trailers and trucks all over the place, so I had to make a place to park.  Ended up getting cursed out by a maintenance guy.   Nice job U-haul!!!!  Will never be going back to this place again.
1	I hate giving 1-star reviews, but I'm not sure how else to rate the overall experience.The Atlas Court location appears to be quite aged, extremely cramped, and lacks quality customer service. They do have a ton of equipment available, but that's about it.I arrived on Saturday morning with my reservation for a 17' truck firmly in-hand. There was a line of people waiting to check-in/check-out equipment, and only one person working behind the counter. The employee (a younger gentleman) appeared to be struggling with everything he did, and he wasn't shy about hiding his frustrations. After waiting for around 15 minutes, another employee (I believe he's the manager) jumped-in and helped folks. The manager was much more proficient, helpful, and friendly. I was third or fourth in line, and the manager processed all of us before the other guy finished his first customer.When I went to get my truck, there was an equipment problem, so they substituted another truck for me. Unfortunately, the truck that I was provided was ancient - it had 204,000 miles on it, the check engine light was on, and it ran so poorly that I thought I was going to breakdown at several points along the way. The steering components were so loose that the truck weaved and swerved the entire time; I could "saw" the steering wheel from the 9:00 to 3:00 position as I drove without affecting my direction/course.Because of the check engine light, the truck averaged 3.2 miles to the gallon. My 46 mile round-trip move required 15-gallons of fuel to complete. That is absolutely absurd. The cost to refill the truck was $50 on the dot.Even more absurd were the fees for the truck... $29.95 for the day, $14 for insurance, and $1.09 per mile seem fair. Until they tack on additional service fees, etc. What should've cost around $70 - $80 for an in-town move cost nearly $100 + $50 for gas. Returning the truck was even worse, as the manager was long gone, and the lone dude was back at the counter. As soon as another employee arrived to assist with the line of people waiting to check-out, the first dude announced that he was "f-ing out of here" because he had "the longest f-ing day of his life" working there. Mind you, there were 5-6 people in line when he made his proclamation. I now remember why I've always used Penske or Budget when moving. It's unlikely I'll use these guys in the future...
1	Carrie Moe, the General Manager of this location is a liar.  I rented a 26' truck from The Atlas Ave location for my move to Minnepolis.  After driving the truck the 1MILE to the house I was moving out of, the truck broke down in my drive way.  The radiator was blown.  Seems to me the radiator was blown when I rented the truck,  It took just a mile for the temperature to come up and blow radiator fluid all over my driveway.  10 hours, and a dozen phone calls later and the truck was fixed.  Despite the fact that Carrie is the General Manager of the Atlas Ave Location, he continues to claim that offering me a full refund is not within his control.  However U Haul corporate says it is.  When I first called Carrie to inquire about my refund, he claimed he had no knowledge of my issues.  This, despite the fact that he'd entered notes on my case in U Haul's corporate "Objections" file.   I continue to fight for my refund.   DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH CARRIE MOE OR THE ATLAS AVE UHAUL LOCATION.  CARRIE MOE IS A CROOK AND A LIAR!
1	Worst service ever.  No one cares, was lied to, wasted my time, twice and ended up demanding a refund and taking business elsewhere.  NEVER AGAIN.
