2	Soooo slow!  Such terrible counter service...every time.I have banked with VWCU for 13 years...I started back when they were DM Credit Union in Tucson.  Like with any bank, when you first open your account, you are treated like a criminal until you can prove yourself worthy.  Since I've never bounced a check and I have several loans with them...including my mortgage, it was easy for me to develop a good relationship many years ago when I lived and banked in Tucson.  Then I got divorced and moved to Phoenix 1.5 years ago.  I was glad there was a Phoenix branch near me, however, I had to open a new account (the ex got the old one) and start all over again.  But that's now where the issue is...My beef with VWCU here in Phoenix is their attitude and that they don't know me...but it's not because I'm not there in person as I go into the branch several times each month...making sure to go into the branch, not the drive through, in order to get to be personable and friendly.   But the staff here is LETHARGIC!!  They never smile, they work at a snail's pace, they don't use more than 2 words to greet you, and they make every transaction worse than pulling out my toenails!  It's almost comical, the "rules" they follow in order to inconvenience their customers.  I'm all about safety, and ensuring my accounts are kept from fraud, but I have yet to experience a smooth transaction even ONCE at this branch.  Can't the Tucson staff influence the people up here to have better customer service skills?If it weren't so inconvenient to change banks, I would have RUN to another bank a year and a half ago.  :(  I'm always VERY DISAPPOINTED every time I go there, hence, why I'm finally complaining about it on Yelp.At least they have online banking...which is the only reason they even get two stars!
1	Always the worst customer service.  I've been waiting 10 minutes for a notary while only 1 of 4 people working in the branch is busy helping customers.  They are too busy looking at their computer screens to pay attention to the people standing in here waiting!  I can't wait to change banks!!!  I HATE this branch!!!!!
5	Unbelievable customer service and know how from Heather White, one of the bankers there. She is extremely knowledgeable, professional and down to earth.The rest of the staff was also very respectful, they made me feel comfortable and showed they care for the customer. The place is very nice inside, super clean, nicely decorated, very inviting. Brand new computers and printers, clean bathroom nice sitting area, well lit.I never heard about this place before. I will be closing all my accounts at my 2 other credit unions and just deal with Vantage West. I will also be recommending it every chance I get!
1	I have made 5 calls - left three messages. No response and no one was able to help me until i demanded a manager.
