1	The Spoke and Wheel is open!  We live in the neighborhood and were anxiously awaiting the opening, we were disappointed at the initial delay.  The restaurant looks nicely redone, paint, flooring and lighting are comfortable and fitting for a tavern.  That unfortunately, is the high point of our visit.  The staff is not well trained or coordinating well with each other or the kitchen. Several tables around us were having difficulties with incorrect orders and poorly prepared food.  My husband wanted the Pale Ale, Lagunitas, however they were out.  The restaurant only opened the day before. I ordered a salad and sweet potato fries, the fries were forgotten. When the fries did arrive they were hot, crisp and delicious.  The salad was over dressed.  My husband ordered the green chili chicken wrap, it was good.  We hope they work out the kinks and take the time to train the staff from the hostess to the waiters.  This place  looks like it has potential we hope they smooth things out.
5	Wild Thyme Restaurants never ever dissapoint me with food. With that being said I can tell Spoke and Wheel will be just as phenomenal as Brick and Timo (I have not been to Ken's Creekside.) The new ambience is SO much better than Dillons BBQ and the music fits the theme perfectly :-) we had the Mushroom Burger (no meat) which is super phenomenal. My son got the mac & cheese with fries, the mac and cheese was really good too! The homemade Guacamole is to die for. For opening just Monday this place was rockin and busy, I have no doubts that it will thoroughly please the neighborhood as much as Timo and Brick (and I'm sure Ken's Creekside as well ;-) ) Keep up the good work guysI posted a picture of the Mushrrom Burger and deviled eggs
4	Great neighborhood venue but needs to work through its kitchen and service issues.  Only open about a week.  Restaurant is nicely updated and inviting.  Back patio is open and lively.  Food was good once you got it.  Our server was great and manager, once he appeared, appropriately apologetic.  Comped a meal and gave us a dessert.  I want them to be successful so we will certainly give them another chance.So we went the next night with other friends.  Like I said, we really want this restaurant to be successful.  Service was somewhat better, course we had the attention of the manager.  Still got some things to work out...its slow and forgetful.  The food is quite good.  We sat on the patio which is great.  As we were leaving about 8:30 - 3 bus loads of ASU college students were arriving.  OMG!.  They are not prepared for that kind of crowd yet.  I'm sure they had a good time anyway.I'm upgrading my rating to 4stars.  I've been there 5 times and each time service gets better and better.  Food is always very good. My husband had a pork chop that was heaven on earth.  It's not on the menu any more but ask.  Drinks are now coming quickly and they haven't forgotten anything (ok except for the apples on the apple Gorgonzola salad which was more hysterical than anything) in the last 2 visits.  We live a hop, skip and a jump away so it's becoming "our place".   Give it a try.
1	Holy mother of God, I think I've had my worst restaurant experience...ever! Tonight we decided to try out the new Spoke and Wheel restaurant. Their signage and billboards looked promising and my friends and I like to try new places. I almost didn't post this, but the longer I thought about it, the more aggravated I got. For the record...I really, really wanted to like this place. Here's the rundown of my experience. Upon entering the restaurant I could tell there was something wrong. The parking lot was empty, along with a whole dining room, but there was a 20-minute wait for a table. Now, I may not own a restaurant, but I am pretty sure they make money by turning tables. The first round of drinks took almost 30 minutes to get to us (including water). Secondly, I was not able to order my burger the way I wanted because it was not the half-pound burger. What?! Another almost 30 minutes later our food is dropped off. I say "dropped off" because it was literally placed in front of us and that was it. While we ate, we started seeing guys going around the dining room and start taking tables and chairs outside. We watched and watched as they emptied the whole floor leaving the perimeter booths full (and not served) and isolated two tables of customers to the middle of the floor. Awkward! The whole time we watched them clear the floor we were never asked to have our drinks refilled, if our food was OK...nothing. When the server finally came back to the table after we had eaten, I asked what was going on to find out there was a big, reserved party being set up. My experience as a new customer, at a new restaurant, was cut short because they were too busy setting up for other customers? It just seemed to me they would have been better off having the host start seating the totally empty dining room earlier rather than keep filling the one that was going to be used for the party. As it came time to pay our check the slowness worsened. It took as long to pay the check as it did to order and eat our meal! After finally being able to pay I stopped at the front to see if I could get a card to speak to the owner. The owner was there and I explained that I thought it was a bit rude and classless to start emptying a dining room around customers because of improper management planning. It might have been a better idea to have the crew clearing the floor helping the servers getting customers cashed out BEFORE taking all the furniture out. All I got was the standard "let me make it up to you" response like I was going to come back. As I looked outside, I saw 4 busloads of 20-somethings in atrocious clothing surging the front door (which was now totally blocked by the crowd). Pretty sure that is a fire hazard. I didn't take the free meal we were going to get on principle alone. They can have their other customers who will accept that sort or service (and I blame for making this kind of thing acceptable) while I go other places more appreciative of my business. Like I wrote on my credit card draft "I AM NEVER COMING BACK"!
2	Great patio, but they need a stout on the beer menu and the kitchen needs to learn how to cook and season food.  We ordered a pitcher of beer, it was cold with chilled glasses!  It was happy hour so we ordered the sonoran hot dog and the jalapeno poppers.  The hot dog and fries were good, but not hot (temperature).  The poppers were barely grilled, like eating a raw jalapeno.  Very HOT!! We couldn't get anyone's attention, so went to the bar to get water.  The waitress had the poppers taken off the bill and we ordered calamari.  It didn't have the golden color that make it appealing and it was VERY greasy, plus it didn't have any seasoning.  A little salt and pepper go a long way.  Like we said the manager took the poppers off our bill, but we didn't have the heart to send the calamari back too.  Bottom line; nice place we will stop for a beverage, but the food will keep us heading up the street!
5	Walked in here the other night and it might be my new hangout on the Central Corridor. I ordered the black truffle burger and the short rib poutine. Reminded me of the poutine in Vancouver, but way tastier. They had my favorite beer, Stiegl on tap. This place is within walking distance of my house. I love the ambiance.
5	My friends and I have been waiting for the long anticipated new "bicycle bar" to open for months after hearing the crew over at Timo would be setting up a new spot right down the street. Its a great place with a beautiful patio and plenty of places to lock up the bike and bring the dog. I got the truffle burger and a kick ass Zin (On Tap!) Cant wait to hang out on the patio this summer...
4	Surprised & Delighted!We drove past on Sunday and decided we had to check the place out. We've been to all the previous establishments at this location and liked the look of its latest incarnation. We invited some friends to join us there last night. After looking at their menu on line and reading some of the reviews we almost changed our mind about going but are so happy that we did. We like what they have done with the interior and the patio. We chose to sit on the patio since it was so nice. Our friends got there first and had ordered a $5 pitcher and white sangria's. The White Sangria's were out of this world. Also, the Happy Hour menu was pretty good. $6 for a bowl of mussels? Crazy. I ordered the ahi tuna street tacos and loved them. They came with a side of beans which were great. My husband ordered the Fish & Chips with the charred kale as a side. The kale was fabulous. Our friends ordered the cactus salad which was interesting, though not my favorite. Nice that they have several types of fries. We got the sweet potato waffle fries which were pretty good. For dessert we decided to try the banana churro and were not disappointed. Very tasty. The service was pretty good though it took the waitress quite a while to come back after she dropped off our check. They also didn't have a few of the beers that my husband was hoping to order. Otherwise, everything was spot on and we will be back in the future.
5	Just opened down the street from me, already one of my fave spots. ...had a great time, good atmosphere drinks and food, will b back soon!
5	My rating is based on this being a fun neighborhood joint.  It's probably not my first choice for foodies or a romantic dinner.  Having said that, I love this place.  Biking there is a blast.  I thought the food was excellent, the kids also enjoyed their meal.  I read some of the reviews regarding service, on our two visits there so far service was excellent.  I think this place is a gem.
5	I'm a fan of all the wild thyme restaurants and when I found out they were opening this new spot I got so excited! From the moment I walked in I felt at home! The owners and chef  that also work at the other spots all greeted me and welcomed me right in! We ordered the guacamole it was delicious! I had some cocktails that were definitely on point!:) the wings were pretty awesome also! Definitely will be back frequently! I love the new place! Probably my personal favorite out of the wild thyme chain.:) they are new so don't mind all these bad reviews! It's not a bad place at all! Go try it for yourself. You won't be disappointed.
2	I went once, I went Twice, but will I go a third time?  I probably will despite the very lack luster attention to service.  Two times I have taken my children with me once at dinner time and once a week later for lunch.  Both times service was bad at best.  I ordered my childrens food off of the kids menu and they brought the side dish instead small bowl no sides this equalls still hungry kids when you leave.  For my self I had one of the quarter pound burgers that by the way the cook is not capable of cooking to temperature as per the server.  The burger was dry and in need of more of the sauce they put on it.  We ordered a desert which took over 15 minutes to arrive after waiting about 10 to even order.   This makes for unhappy children which makes for enen more unhappy parents.  Coloring for kids, kind of a restaurant staple.  NOT HERE!  I asked the first time if they had something forthe kids and they said no but had had tons of requests for that so they would be getting them.  A week later still nothing.The second time we visited it was lunch on the patio.  We ordered an appetizer which did not come out until our meals even after I asked the serverto bring it before.  Mind you it is a cold app no prep, just cut slap on plate and serve.  They brought the kids meals out 30 min before they brought any thing else out so needless to say they were finished before the rest came out.  I am not sure but I spent 10 years in restaurants and I don't know where the blame should fall.  I realy do hope this place works as it is a short bike ride to my home. One last thing a neighborhood Bar and Grill should not have the kitchen closing at 9pm if they want the local traffic.  We did try and go a 3rd time but were turned away because the kitchen was closed.  We had to go up the street where all the neighborhood bar and grills were still serving food.Good Luck.
3	I'll keep this short-   Great wine selection-    DELICIOUS fish & chips with an interesting red trout instead of the flavorless white     flaky stuff you're used to-  Fries weren't crispy enough, but they had a nice flavor, and didn't seem like the came from frozen taters-  chocolate cake was really boring-  food took a long time for an empty restaurant-  very friendly service-  It was empty, but it was a Tuesday night at 9pmI'd definitely go back again, and I hope they work out their kinks described by others. It is a shame the place is so big. It feels kind of awkward. I think it would be more cozy & inviting if they closed off the southern side of the restaurant for private parties, or at least until the place picks up, and can fill the big space.
2	Such a great location, wonderful ambiance and great idea! The reason for only two stars... Below average  food and cocktails. I rode my bike here with a friend on a Friday afternoon. The outside patio is wonderful and the inside restaurant is pretty and clean and trendy. The special for bicyclists is all day happy hour. Which is discounts on a couple appetizers and drinks.We started with two cocktails, queso dip and mussels. The Paloma margarita type cocktail was great, the citrusy cocktail with vodka that I ordered reminded me of college when we attempted to make drinks as sweet and sugary a possible so we couldn't taste the booze. I was told it was supposed to be sweet, but quickly exchanged it for a glass of Chardonnay. The food came out and the chips in my queso dip were stale as for the cheese it was electric orange in color and appeared to be poured from a can. Similar to baseball game nacho cheese. Unimpressive. The mussels were apparently tasty but tough in texture, although I didn't try them. A couple drinks later with more people joining us we attempted a couple more items. Parmesan fries which were undercooked and mushy, but flavorful. Cauliflower mash which was tasteless. And a salad which was just okay. The winner of the night was the burger which was wonderful. This restaurant is so close to being good. They have so many great things going for them. Their major hang up is mediocre food. Id be back for more happy hour beer and wine but I would be afraid to eat here again until they got they menu right.
4	4 stars for the Nacho Mama's! Pulled chicken and pub cheese adorn a half-circles of what appears to be homemade corn tortilla chips. Sides have varied from a green salsa to a smokey red chipotle, but each have been delicious! I also recommend the smoke salmon. I found the portion to be generous and the flavor to be fantastic!
2	Be glad you got two stars...it definitely was NOT for the service, the waiter, or the portions.  We were really excited to try this place...we had been fans of Dillons and the countless other restaurants in this spot and went with an open mind.  First off, it was noon on Monday and there were only two other tables with customers.  It took forever for service, our waiter was not helpful, in fact, we ordered our appetizer and he assumed we'd want it with our lunch (you know what they say about when you ASS-UME).  We had to ask for silverware - he brought out two of the lunches and did not return with the other two.  He finally brought out one more and totally spaced the fourth.  The portion...another ASSUMption.  My friends did not order lunch portions, they ordered off the regular menu and when we questioned we were told the computer ASSUMES you want lunch.  Communication, caring, personality would have made this such a better experience especially since we live nearby and would love to frequent the place.  Have to say, the food was good.  I LOVED my appetizer,  which came eventually.
1	I came in with a group of 10 for drinks and appetizers after the ArtWalk. We were all shocked that a new place could be this bad! For example:Incredibly skimpy servings for very hi prices! Wine pours are the smallest you have ever seen at any establishment, and at $9. a glass. We ordered guac & chips and could not believe the small anount oif chips in the bowl. Cmon, how can you skimp on chips? Another person at the table also ordered it, and again it came out with a few chips scattered on the bottom. The guac tasted really odd, and when I looked, I saw it had a lot of goat cheese on top. Yuk! Thankfully, our waitress brought me out some guac with no cheese. She said she was sympathetic because she was a vegan. I left her a good tip - I hope she got it! There were plenty of servers, but the food took forever to come out, our fries came out COLD and mushy and tasteless. And, one person ordered a "bottle of beer". She was given a glass of beer that was completely FLAT! Not one bubble! It must have been sitting on the counter for hours to be that flat! When she asked the server why she did not get the bottle she ordered, he said: "we don't serve in a bottle, we pour it into a glass for you". Did not ask if she wanted a bottle, or ask "how is it". Let's insult the customers' intelligence in additon to insulting their taste buds! DO NOT go there, let them go out of business, ASAP!
5	We stopped by for the art walk and there was a 45 minute wait. The place was popping so we understand the wait. I heard about their burgers and that they are amazing and a must try so we waited. I never wait this long for a burger so this better had to be a damn good burger.We finally got sat and I ordered the Spoke burger with sweet potato waffle fries.We waited a bit for our food but drinks were served right away. When the food arrived I killed my burger instantly. It sweet chili sauce, cheddar cheese, sweet potato.That was one damn good burger, probably the best I have had in a while.They say the secret is that the grind their own beef and bake their own brioche bunwhich is common sense but the true secret is the house made umami seasoningthey season their burgers with. I got a little education about umami and was toldthat it is less salt and more dried seasoning from vegetables - whatever that means.thumbs up for the burger and for the friendly service. Aaron was awesome.
2	The only reason this is getting even 2 stars is because the food was yummy. We stopped by after the last art walk, like several others have posted. I was very excited to try it because we live within walking distance and have been waiting for a decent restaurant to open in this space. Unfortunately the service was horrible.  Ok, fine, we were a large group of 10. But the place really wasn't that busy while we were there. We waited, and waited, and waited for drinks, for appetizers, for everything. Some from our group resorted to just going to bar to order drinks. Our waitress seemed to forget about us the second she stepped away from the table.  She and maybe a manager (?) were apologetic when we told them we had been waiting for an hour an a half for our burgers (yes, they were good). Apologetic but no discount, no drink comps, no appetizer comp. Nothing. I hope this place decides to train their staff so we can come again.
5	what can I say, I love this place.One of my favorite features of any bar is just that...  a nice large bar.  S&W offers up a great place to stool up and watch a game on their many connected TV's.  Sports fan fantasy.   What is a game without a Hot Dog - Sonoran Hot Dog to be exact.   I got mine with a side of Kale - yep, that healthy leafy green that is all the rage of 2013 is offed as a side.  Delicious!Bar aside, the Restaurant is lined with huge booths around the parameter and the outdoor patio is HUGE.  Perfect for the midsummer nights.In addition to the Sonoran Hot Dog and Kale - I got a side of wings...  Dry Rub, crispy on the outside juicy on the inside wings and they may go down as my favorite secret wing spot.  I don't like over sauced wings!Add a huge range of beers on Tap and this Baseball dude is in the sweet spot.  Check out the Spoke and wheel......  they also offer a discount to those who ride a bike.  Pedal out!
5	Great food food for the price!!
4	Love this place.  I went there for the first time for happy hour on Saturday afternoon. Had appetizers and a couple of their krafted cocktails.  Had the Deviled Eggs, Chicken Chirizo Nachos, Grilled Calamari. Excellent and very delicious.  Their prices are very good and the food very fresh and tasty.  Love what they did to the decor.  Very open and inviting. The Bar Tender Brian was excellent. Great service.  So glad they are close to where I live.  Another great place to go in the neighborhood.  Cant wait to go back and try their burgers and sandwiches and more.  A big thumbs up!!  If you havent been you must go. Definately recommend. :)
4	Well, I knocked the spoke and wheel early on.  They seem to have turnded it around.  The kitchen is much faster now and the staff is figuring out the flow of the restaurant.  They now realize that alot of the patrons have small children so have an activity for them to do.  We went with a large party of 15 and other than a couple of the entres being slow out of the kitchen everything came out in a very timely manner.  Good Work.
4	The Spoke and Wheel has become my new neighborhood hangout. They offer a great happy hour with $5 cocktails, wines and beers and pretty tasty eats. A few of my favorites are the Breakdancer drink and the grilled jalapenos wrapped in bacon (everything is better wrapped in bacon). I brought my grandmother here for lunch and she raved over her chicken sandwich. I had a burger and it well done (as I requested) and the avocado was fresh and creamy.They have an enormous patio and the service has always been great, they remember my name and drink and are always friendly and fun to chat with .If you ride your bike (as we often do) they give you happy hour prices all day. Way to support the locals!
5	So we're here again after riding the Bridal Path with the kids then the Canals.   I can't tell you how much I love the music, service, patio (we brought the dog and they have dog bowls) and the "bike riding" discount. The menu makes me so happy. Full bar and drink selection is amazing. This place has it ALL.
4	Great service and happy hour.  $5 drinks and some cheaps apps. Guacamole was great, street tacos decent.  Good vibe, not too crowded.  Though lots of flies outside, not sure what they can do about that if anything.  Aaron the manager made sure our table was taken care of and clearly trying ti make this place a succuess.
5	This place was legit - they let us in right before closing on the night of my little sister's dance recital and made her night that much better! Great burgers & fries - have the one with green chili on it! nomnom.
4	Had a great meal and enjoyed our dining experience! Our waiter Alex was fun, engaging and enthusiastic! We loved it and we'll be back with friends.
5	I love this place.  It takes any new establishment to get the kinks out but personally speaking, I've had only great service and food here.  They could expand the happy hour menu a bit but other than that, I think the place is awesome.
4	Good location. Spacious with large bar area, comfy booths and cute patio. Had delicious sangria, and mussels. We also enjoyed the sonoran dogs, burgers and calamari. We'll be back.
5	I love this place, really excellent food ! ... great service and atmosphere ! The best burger I've had in a long time. The $20 smoked rib eye steak was perfect, and a good deal. I certainly recommend Spoke and Wheel.
5	A gem of a restaurant!  Beers and specialty drinks are unique and tasty.  Food is simple and packed with a punch of favor.  My favorite is the street taco plate with one of each:  chicken chorizo, carne asada, and swordfish (!).  The guacamole is fresh and zesty, and the accompanying side of beans is a soft and savory addition to the tacos.  Happy Hour here is phenomenal, with the above mentioned dish (along with numerous others) at half price, and $5 beer pitchers and drink specials!
2	Food was good, service was not.  This is baffling to me as there were only 4 other tables seated in the entire restaurant and 4 dudes walking around in ridiculous plaid shirts but not getting much done.
4	Cool place.  Dust off your bike and ride the canal to get here.  Just off Central ave.  Good food, friendly staff, and don't forget to order the sonoran hotdog "attorney steve syle" (just the dog, nacho cheese, and jalapenos.  Good to go baby!  have fun!
5	This place was a great find! Our friends took us here on Saturday and we enjoyed some AMAZING food and drinks for under $30. I highly recommend the deviled eggs for a starter-- YUMM! The bartender was totally service-driven and was pleasant to chat with. He did a great job and we all tipped him very well. Can't wait to go back!
5	Came here with four friends, sat at the bar, and pigged out. We ordered deviled eggs, tacos, and mac & cheese. Quite possibly the best combo known to man. A food trifecta. The food was so delicious we couldn't stop talking about it. We were embarrassingly over excited about eating. My friend exclaimed that we sounded like a bunch of hillbillies who had never been to a restaurant before. It was just so good. The mac & cheese was the best thing I've ever put into my mouth. It was like one big food orgy. It wasn't pretty, but I wasn't on a date ... and if I were, well, I wouldn't change a thing. I would still be moaning with delight and shoving food in my mouth until it was time to go home. Oh, I'm sorry, were we supposed to have a conversation?
5	Was at spoke tonight and the bartender Brian was the very best I've ever had. Funny, handsome, and pours a great drink. Great guy makes this place a hidden treasure. Thumbs up!!!!!! Definitely give it a shot , relax and enjoy the atmosphere and Brian's banter.
4	Cool new place in North Central Phoenix!  The space has certainly come a long way from the former restaurant that was here.  Great patio, great service and great drink selection.  This is the kind of place you can see yourself becoming a regular!
3	Food was good, service was a little slow considering there were only 3 other tables occupied.  Sit at a table, and skip the booth if you're not tall.  The booth seating is very low.
5	From the same folks who brought us Timo just up the street from here, we now how Spoke & Wheel.  I didn't know about this place until last week, and decided to give it a try for lunch.  The exterior is unassuming, but the space inside is clean and spacious.I like the menu.  Sure, they're $9, but they do have Sonoran Dogs (comes with a side).  Not sure how authentic they are.  They have a fair selection of burgers and sandwiches.  I went with the black truffle burger, which was tasty, and possibly one of the best burgers I have had in Phoenix.The parmesan garlic fries are excellent as well.  I also really liked how they had several specialty sodas.  I had the ginger hibiscus soda, but I would like to try them all.  I wish more restaurants offered something better than water or crappy fountain drinks for those who want something non-alcoholic.And all day happy hour if you come on your bicycle?  I don't even ride, but that's pretty awesome.Spoke & Wheel has good food, and it's a nice, relaxed place to hang out.  Another excellent spot in the North Central neighborhood.
5	My girlfriend and I brought the kids in Saturday night for some food and to watch the Sun Devil Football game. How stoked was I when the Bartender Brian gave us a great Booth and put the Sun Devils game on right in front of me and then gave me the Dbacks game right next to it on another TV ...Awesome start to the night.... After placing our food order the Bartender took the kids over to a TV that had X-box on it and it kept the kids occupied ... For appetizers we had sliders which were delicious and for dinner we had the Original Burger and the Philly Cheese Steak Sandwich which we totally enjoyed w/ Mac and Cheese which I suggest as a side ...... We had a great night and will definitely come back-- the service was great ( Thanks Brian!) we enjoyed the food, the kids had an awesome time and the Sun Devils WIN !
4	I am adding an update. I went here again last night (okay, I might be an addict).  Yes, as always we rode our bikes along the canal to get here and hitched them up at the bike rack (yes, you have to love a restaurant with a bike rack inside).  We chose spoke and wheel for two reasons: (1) They have a bunch of TV's and we wanted to watch some sports in comfortable booths, and (2) We love their hot dogs and my buddy Dave and I wanted to do a "dog throwdown."  This is the place to do it.  Their sonoran dogs are amazing.  Whooops, I forgot, there is a #3 reason - you get 1/2 off pricing if you ride your bike. I think most of us are now familiar with the amazing "Attorney Steve Dog" (no it's not on the menu and you might get some funny looks if you try to order it) which is a sonoran dog with an impressive mixture of nacho cheese and jalapeno - with a side of bacon to boot.  I know, your mouth is watering right?  Well my buddy Dave has been going on and on about "Dave's Dog" which he claims is the best sonoran hot dog in the world, (okay, at least the best dog on Central Avenue in Phoenix....hahahah I had to take him up on that).  Anyway, his dog has nacho cheese, mac & cheese and buffalo sauce on it.  I know, that is a pretty mouth-watering concept and a formidable competitor to the Attorney Steve Dog for sure, so we had to know who's was best.We decided to conduct a sonoran dog throwdown and ordered a couple Dawgs for some other great folks at the bar (it was a birthday party).  The waitress Jennifer (awesome gal, best we have had) brought the Dave's Dog and the Attorney Steve dog over to the table of guests who were kind enough to help us resolve this pending challenge.  There was a lot of chewing going on, and a lot of back and forth raised eyebrows.   There was also a LOT OF FUN.....which is why we love this place.  If you want to know who the sonoran dog throwdown you will have to watch this video.  https://vimeo.com/75118756As usual, this was yet another great time at the spoke and wheel.  Jason, the manager is also an awesome dude, and he came out to say hi and to make sure everyone was enjoying their meal adding a real nice touch to the evening.What kind of sonoran dog can you create at the spoke and wheel?   Keep us posted!- Attorney Steve -
4	I love to leave a restaurant trying to figure out what I will have next time I am in.  That's how it is here.  Our group of four did burgers and Philly cheese steak sandwiches.  Everything was great.  We had a side of waffle cut sweet potato fries with one meal, Mac n cheese with another, shoestring potatoes with Parmesan and garlic and one healthy side of asparagus.  We sat on the patio and enjoyed our perfect fall weather.  Next trip in I am riding my bike for the happy hour deal!
2	Everything was mediocre to below average. With so many other area options like Corbin's, Timo and North Mountain Brewing there is no reason for me to ever go back to Spoke and Wheel. It is too bad since I always hope a good restaurant will open in this building. None have lasted long so it may be the layout or location. They should level it and start from scratch.
4	Add being a fan of the fish sandwich to the list! Frank's red hot sauce, coleslaw and chipotle aioli top tender white fish on a brioche bun ($11.85) and the Parmesan garlic fries, while devastating for your breath, are also devastatingly delicious!
3	It seems like every restaurant and bar concept has been tried at this location but nothing has ever stuck for one reason or another.  This building has been several different bars, several different restaurants, and most recently a Dillon's BBQ restaurant.  Will the newest concept stick?  Well, if it does, they'll need to improve on the quality of the food in my opinion.My brother and I came here by chance while driving north on Central Avenue.  The place bumps right up against the canal midway between Northern and Dunlap.  The namesake is very much geared toward the many bikers and runners who traverse the historic Murphy Bridle Path from Bethany Home road to where the Path ends right here.  They even give discounts to folks to ride their bike here instead of their cars.  Great way to get patrons in the door.The interior is pretty roomy (bordering on cavernous) with booths against the wall, a bar, and tables in the middle.  The patio in the back is right up against the canal on one side and Central Ave on the other.  There were flat screen TVs at every booth tuned to football so we went with a booth.None of the main entrees appealed to me at the time so I actually went with the sausage and soft pretzel platter.  I love sausage and I love pretzels, so why not.  It was served with two different Schreiner's sausages, two small pretzel rolls, a cheese dip and potatoes.  The sausages were very good, though I was disappointed with the portion sizes.  The platter is meant to serve two but I easily took the sausages myself as the portion size was relatively small.  The potatoes I got with the platter were also super dry and tasted like they'd been stuck under a heat lamp for awhile.  The cheese dip was pretty good and was a decent compliment to the pretzel rolls, but not necessarily the sausages.Overall, the place was sort of meh.  The food was acceptable, but didn't wow me.  The vibe of the restaurant didn't excite me, though this place would work very well as a place to watch the NFL on Sundays with all the TVs they have in there.  And I like the concept of catering to the neighborhood bridle path crowd.  But if my dish was any indication of the rest of their menu, they should focus their improvement efforts on the food.
4	So happy this place moved into the neighborhood! This is a great place to end a family bike ride! in fact you get happy hour all day long if you ride up on your bike. $5 pitchers for happy hour and great food options on the happy hour menu! our server Kaitlin was great! She was extremely knowledgeable and extremely personable. Keep up the great work Kaitlin!  Try they tacos all of them are great! (The fish tacos are a little bland but still pretty good!) The Sangria was also really delicious... Very fresh!I also like what they have done with the inside... Still a little gloomy and dark inside but not to shabby on the new decor. The patio is great and could use some decoration love or maybe some cool plants but still has amazing potential! (This patio would be great with a fire pit or heaters in the winter time) I'll be back to try some more awesome food and enjoy the great atmosphere!
5	A very comfortable, amazing place.Just happened by one evening and I am so glad I did. The atmosphere is very comfortable, with booths along the tables, a nice bar with comfy stools/ chairs and an eclectic mix of music that is not so loud that you can't talk.  The bartenders have all been very friendly and helpful. Brian stands out as a great guy and bartender. The entire staff has always been very accommodating and friendly.The food......  The food.....    So good!  The burgers are delicious and cooked the way you ask. Lots of diff styles of burgers. My fav is the green chile burger. Garlic/ parm cheese fries to die for. They also do mussels in a white wine, tomato  and herbs broth that is incredible!!  My partner in crime has had a few of the salads and raves about the Apple, Gorgonzola salad. I hope business picks up for them. I would hate to see them disappear. It would be a big loss for the area. And me!!!
3	The food is delicious, though it always seems to take awhile to get our meal. With that said- order the mushroom burger!! Oh my lord it was sooo good! The goat cheese, spinach, bun.. everything just made it incredible. The outside patio could use some decor, but with their location, not sure how much would remain after a several weeks. Being near a canal does that to you. Overall, I wouldn't mind coming back again!
2	Average place, average food. We sat on the patio on cushiony furniture. Then the bugs showed up - our feet and ankles were bitten repeatedly. Won't go back.
2	Please wash the patio more often. There was food on the floor, it was sticky, and there were flies everywhere.  It was so embarrassing having a drink with my parents who are older and watching them try to hang out and have a conversation and do nothing but swat flies for an hour and a half.  And our server handed us our food and drinks over the brick wall ledge in the lounge area yesterday instead of walking around and placing it on our table.   I got up out of my seat to get the plates and napkins he brought and my Mom had to turn around and get their chips and guacamole.
5	We love this place, great casual food in a casual environment... Always happy when we come here.
5	My wife and I love this place. It's a burger and beer joint. My wife loves the Mud Garden Mule and I get the local beer that's on tap. During happy hour a small pitcher if beer is $5. Can't beat that. Everyone that works there is great and we keep coming back even though we live over 5 miles away. Worth the trip
5	This is such a great restaurant, and feels so comfortable. Love the staff and manager- they're about as friendly as it gets! It's so nice when the patio doors are open in this beautiful November weather, and just adds to the lovely atmosphere. The food is presented as wonderfully as it tastes, and gets an A+++ in my book!
5	This neighborhood bar and grill has grown to be an excellent destination.  we love riding our bikes up here for the $5 pitchers of what ever is on draft.  Brian does a fantastic job of remembering us each time we come in.
5	Best Happy Hour in TownBrian the bartender is awesome, he will take care of you!
5	Excellent beer choices and we love the street tacos and black mussels. Aaron L. Was our server and TOP notch all the way. My cup never runneth empty! We are close enough to cycle and when we run the canal, its snack and beer time. Good place to re-energize after a run or cycle ride.
5	Love this local, neighborhood joint! Consistently great food and awesome happy hour deals. Aaron L waits on us often - he's super-friendly and always says hello even when he's not waiting on us!!
1	The best part about this meal was that it ended. The good: The inside is nice and there are a number of large televisions. A sports fan lacking olfactory glands would enjoy this place. The Meal: my steak tasted like sausage. I'd like to think it was the product of an amorous relationship between a cow and pig but I'm pretty sure they just cooked the steak on top of where they cooked our sausage appetizer without cleaning the grill. The calamari tasted like it was the byproduct of an actual spoke and wheel. I assume it was the wheel based on its texture. Maybe this is my fault. I should know better than to order sea food and a steak at a local watering hole. Please do not make the same assumption that ordering food on the menu will be edible. I encourage the owner to take these items off the menu or make them into a combo platter named Burnin' Rubber.
4	Food was delicious and lots of good beer on tap. One of the best burgers I've ever had @ $10-12. Ambiance is a little weird, looks like it can't decide if it wants to be a fancy restaurant or a sports bar, lots of speakers so music was audible without being over powering.  Our server seemed a little distracted, and then she left us with the guy who had been helping us all night anyways and it was much better. Hope he got to keep the fat tip I left him.
4	Great neighborhood tavern with one of the best Happy Hours in the area! Small pitchers of beer are just $5 (including microbrews like lagunitas!), and there's a healthy list of well priced apps like street tacos, and piggy wings. Happy Hour is from 2pm-6pm in the restaurant, but 2pm-6pm and again from 7pm-close if you sit at the bar, and if you Ride your bike you get Happy Hour prices all day long!
5	We've been here several times and each time it doesn't disappoint. The menu is deep enough that it compels you to return. The last time we went my husband and I split the black truffle burger and it was out of this world. They grind their own sirloin beef. Delicious. I chose the chicken pozole soup to start and it was incredibly delicious. They have an extensive wine list and a full bar with specialty drinks. The staff and service was very good and friendly. They have a kick'in patio and it's a comfortable space. Everyone needs to experience this place and you'll definitely be  repeat customers it's that good. There have been multiple restaurants in this location but none have lasted. We need to help the Spoke and Wheel be the one that lasts. Go tonight you won't regret it!!!!
3	I'll go back, if only for the steak and onion soup. A little pricey @ $6.95 for the portion, but they're not using crappy gristly meat like you find in soup too often, and the flavor was great. My green chile burger was insane good, cooked just medium rare (YAY) and HUGE. Service, meh. It was a very slow late Sat. afternoon, 2:30-ish, no big crowds, but took a long time, and then the order was wrong. So we waited some more--lucky we had that yummy soup! Half way thru the meal, and a hazard of course of being outside, a big honeybee landed on Mom's salad. Hmmmmmmmmm. So we pushed the salad aside after trying to swat if off. The server just said OMG and took the plate. Am I wrong in thinking well, maybe get us a half serving or something, or offer a free dessert? There seemed to be a LOT of servers for such a quiet time, but it didn't improve the service. Oh well. That said, I'll go back--lovely sitting outside, and there were some damn fine looking options on the menu that I'd love to try.
5	Great food. I order happy hour black mussels and chicken tacos. Tacos were good, black mussels were awesome! Husband had the Fire something calamari pasta, was also awesome!   Hamburger are also very good. I would definitely tell friends and family to check it out. I would also return.
4	Good variety of drink choices for happy hour.  Ride your bike here and it is always happy hour!!! Dangerous. Lol.
5	I saw a rep from Spoke and Wheel on a morning TV show last week and it sounded like the place to be, so I quickly bookmarked it.  We stopped in on a Saturday afternoon and we expected it to be a lot more busy than it was.  They have a huge dog friendly patio where you can park your bike while you eat.  The inside feels very cave-like and home-y.  We sat at the bar, which meant that we could take advantage of happy hour food and drink specials even though it wasn't quite time for food specials to go into effect.  The drink specials are some of the best in the valley.  A pitcher that yields at least 2.5 pints for only $5?!  Sign me up.  the red sangria for $5 was amazing too.  My hubby and I both ordered side salads to start.  My only critique is that the salad bowls were so small and so full that I was dumping stuff all over the bar.  The bowls were far too small for the salad in them.  I ordered the Ahi tuna sandwich and cole slaw and my hubby got an Italian sausage Panini with macaroni and cheese.  We both really liked what we ordered.  The bartender was very friendly and attentive.  The music that played in the main restaurant/bar area was so good that my hubby thought they had stolen his iPod!  The whole experience was great.  We now wish we lived close enough to ride our bikes there and get happy hour all day!
3	The husband and I went to Spoke and Wheel last weekend to check out their awesome happy hour! I have been to Timo a few times and liked it very much, so was excited for S & W. We sat at the bar so we had access to their 'bar only' menu of specials. This was cool because they had food specials at the bar prior to having the specials for happy hour in the rest of the restaurant and the specials were slightly different. We got a cheeseburger with fries (7$), guac and house made chips (4$), and wings (7$ I think...). We also had the sangria and beer, which were good and affordable at 5$. The food all sounded good, but none of it was anything terribly spectacular. The burger has house ground meat and house made buns.... sounds great, right? Well, it was good, but it lacked some flavor. I know it was a very simple burger, and their menu has several other burgers on it that look more delicious, but I was a little disappointed with this one (would definitely go back to try one of their 'fancy' burgers though). The garlic fries were delish. The wings were standard wings, good, but just typical. The guac was good, but I wish it was spicy.... the house made chips were nicely done, though, they were thin and crispy. I would definitely give this place another chance, but it just isn't at the top of my list at this moment since nothing really stood out (prices were good though!).
5	I love this place! The space itself is beautifully designed both on the inside and on the patio. The food was delicious and service was great.  The receptionist was great about setting up a reservation for my group of 30. They were prepared when we got there and took great care of the group as a whole. I loved that they have a bike rack inside on the patio so you can see your bike while you eat ;) delicious beers and all day happy hour to cyclists!!!! I'll definitely be back.
4	Food: 5 stars (wings burgers pretzel/sausage plate, Mac and cheese, waffle sweet potato fries, shoestring fries )Happy hour specials(all day when you ride your bike): 5 starsAmbiance is what is lacking here. Maybe it's my fault for wanting this place to be more of a sports bar like Zipps. It's more of a family restaurant with great pub food. Every time I'm here it's never too busy but the staff claims they are busy most other nights. Trivia night I hear is a packed house. Ultimately-i would put the food up against anyone in town but if you are looking to watch a game this may not be the most exciting place to do it. Service has been great but I sit at the bar so I'm not sure how table service is usually.
1	Service lacking.  They were removing tables and chairs before food arrived. Waitress asked several times what we ordered.  Cool place but need basic customer service training.  Mgmt and team.
5	I love this place! I work right down the street,  & go there every week or other week.  I am a huge fan of the fish & chips. It is a different take on the usual dish, but it is AMAZING! The fish is covered lightly, but with a great batter. The fries are shoe string garlic yumminess. The street tacos are also a sure bet. I have heard the burgers are good too, but I usually can't resist my favorite order. My husband and  eight year old son have also joined me for dinner there several times,  and are also big fans.  I really can't say enough good things about this place:) I have been telling all my friends,  and most of my coworkers are now going there too.
5	Fantastic burgers!!! I'd come back for sure!They helped with a AZK9 fundraiser (non profit to help people keep their pets) and that made me come here.  They had a nice deal with burger, fries, and drink. The burger was the best burger I've ever had anywhere.  It was fresh, large, and cooked to perfection. I order medium well and it came just right. And no burn marks or charring on the outside like most places end up doing.  It was so delicious.
3	I love a restaurant that is has a dog-friendly patio, that will always get my business at least once.  We've eaten here twice this week, and I found it to be a mixed lot.  On both occasions the service was not as good as I'd expected: I don't want staff at my arm every five minutes, but letting my tea go empty for 15+ minutes is excessive.Sunday visit: had the bacon burger with the truffle oil, ordered medium well.  Medium well means between medium and well-done.  It was decidedly more on the medium side of that scale, which made for a sad burger.  Having said that, the parm/garlic fries were quite good, though I thought they were also a little under-done.  We also had an appetizer basket of fried calamari, sadly it was very chewy.  The breading flavor and dipping sauces were good, but it took a lot of jaw action to get them down.  It also seemed like the wait staff was busy bustling about and not getting a lot done, full of sound and thunder but signifying nothing.  It's possible they were under-staffed for a Sunday afternoon, I don't know.Wednesday we met friends there, some of whom frequent the place, we walked and brought our dog.  The patio seating was nice, but again, the service was not up to what I think are decent standards.  I think they should have one person on the patio with a ticket station out there, instead there were long periods of time that no staff were out there.  The food was a much better experience, I had the Sonoran Hot Dog and it was excellent, I'd definitely return for it.That being said, everyone else liked their food, so overall, I'd say good food but don't expect top-notch service.
2	I've been here for dinner and beer before, and signed up for their mailing list.... thought it would be perfect for the advertised Mother's Day Brunch, but I'm sorry to say they did a very poor job of it.  We took my mother-in-law who we don't see very often, and ended up feeling embarrassed.  We had 10:30 reservations, and while it says "Free Mimosa for Mom" on arrival, our wasn't even offered a drink.  Our waitress took one drink order right away while the rest of us looked over the cocktail menu, and when she came back about 15 minutes later only brought that drink and one water, the other three of us were left until she made it back another 15 minutes later with waters.  At least give us a glass of water to sip while we wait for the bar orders.Needless to say now.... but we waited about an hour and 15 minutes for our brunch order, and mine was served to me cold (eggs benedict).  Besides being cold, the eggs were overcooked, and there was barely a spoonful of hollandaise sauce.  I didn't ask the others at the table how theirs was, because it was just to horrible, I didn't want to focus on it.  For happy hour, it's great.  There are good beer choices and you can't go wrong with a burger and fries.  But, please don't go for a special occasion, no matter how enticing their plans seem.  It wasn't worth it.  :(
2	The food is good when it's served warm. The service is consistently slow and at times awful. If there were more options In the area, I would never go here.
3	I really want to like this place more. I actually know an owner/partner, but I am not a name dropper trying to get better service. I do like the burgers and Sonoran hot dog. I had a delicious perfect mojito. It's just the service could use a nudge in the right direction. I WILL get a second mojito if you ask me. I WILL order chocolate cake, if you offer it. I DO like to be checked on a few times. I DONT like overly attentive service at a casual restaurant like Spoke and Wheel, but really, YOU add to YOUR tip and total if you serve me, or offer to. Just ask. You know, they say you might get ten NOs for every YES.  But then you get that yes.Please do try Spoke and Wheel. I think you'll like the food.
4	I'm so glad they have improved their service so much! The staff is attentive now and food is yummy!
5	Pro tip: Ride your bike in to enjoy happy hour prices all day long! It's like having a VIP pass.Dear management, your staff is balls to the wall awesome. They are total non-slackers and are super friendly. Want to eat awesome food and drink awesome drinks? Yep! Want to dine in and and support an awesome neighborhood? Yep! Want to enjoy a leisurely bike ride home after a few drinks instead of any stressful alternatives? Double yep! Spoke and Wheel is both a good option for a first date and a night out with the girls/guys. The food is good and the wine flows like the salmon of Capistrano. Seriously, just check it out.
5	Happened to yelp and see what was close to Sunnyslope HS after my daughters dance recital and this came up. We stopped in and had lunch and were pleasantly surprised. The beer selection was good and ice cold. The food was also tasty. We will definitely be back. Next time we will ride our bikes cause then you get Happy Hour prices for the entire time that you are there. Can't beat that! Plus a lil exercise. It's a win win. I would put Spoke & Wheel on your list of a place to stop by. We will be back soon.
5	I stopped by in the afternoon to catch the food and drink happy hour which starts at 2. I decided on being adventurous and based on the recommendation from Kate I ordered the mussels. She told the cook to put a side of vodka sauce so I could dip my toast and mussels in this delicious sauce I'm glad she did because that combo was out of this world! This is the second time I stopped in and have had great service both times. Truly a gem in the valley. Also bicycle friendly and get happy hour if you ride your bike.
2	First, the good. Spoke & Wheel offers deals for those who ride their bike to the restaurant. This is a fun way to get there and you get some exercise to and from the restaurant. I'd love if more places did this kind of thing. As much as I want to like Spoke & Wheel it's honestly nothing special. For an appetizer, Chips and Guacamole were okay, the chips are thin flimsy plain Tostito's type chips with your run of the mill guacamole. I got mushroom burger, which was the only veggie burger on the menu. It was fine but the sweet potato fries I ordered with it were sparse and average. I don't get why some restaurants serve ketchup with sweet potato fries, like.. come on. They don't go together. It's the small things like the chips you get with guac, the fries you get with a burger, the bun of your burger that can make a place seem like they care about their product, and that is where this place lacks. Although there are a lot of televisions in the dining area, they aren't positioned well to be easy to watch. The booths lining the wall are a half circle shape, with televisions on the wall above the table. So really the only people who can see the closest tv are the people on the ends of the booths. It is seat yourself, so if you decide to go, just make sure to pick a table or a seat that you can easily watch tv from, because many spots are the equivalent to obstructed view seats in a stadium.If you're going to this place on bike to get a couple beers and drunk food, yeah that would be an okay idea. If you're going to this place with hopes of enjoying a quality meal or trying to impress a date, I'd pass.
5	Love this place. Great food, great atmosphere, dog friendly patio, and great specials! I wish it was busier but I love coming here just the same.
5	I usually stop in once a week or so and this place is great. All of the staff members are great to deal with! Jason and Alexis are very professional and courteous. The best selection of craft beer on draft in the area! Nice people! I love spoke and wheel.
4	Solid neighborhood restaurant in a great location--right on the bridle path on central and off the canal. They have a nice patio wedged right in between the bridle path and canal. Ride your bike here for happy hour all day! I like that they have small pitchers of beer; its just the right amount for two people (if you just want a beer each) or one person (if you want a couple beers for yourself) There are small tvs on the walls behind the booths; not the greatest to watch a game but ok if don't care about the game and are more focused on food. Just about everything I've had here has been good. The pretzel and sausage plate is a really good app. The crispy chicken sandwich and chicken and biscuits are my favorite. The burger was, surprisingly, just okay.
2	Very so-so. The food is  inconsistent. You never know how long it will take to get your order.
1	DO NOT EVER GET TAKEOUT FROM HERE! It is so poorly made, cold and way below standards. We live in the neighborhood and have eaten in the restaurant. The food is good but since we have a baby and a busy schedule, takeout is a great thing for us...Not here! I have literally ordered the same thing dine in/take out and geez! They just don't give a damn! Seriously. It's like they are trying to turn away customers
3	I guess I would say 3-stars - though the Yelp-explanation of 2 stars is more what I was thinking: "Meh, I've experienced better."I have driven by here a number of times and wanted to check it out. I see people biking and going in, which seemed fun, like a great neighborhood spot. We are a little bit far to bike, and seeing that it was a Friday night that we decided to go, we drove.We waited a bit to be seated, as we walked in at the same time as another couple and we all kind of stood there unsure of what to do since there was nobody at the host stand for some time. Finally a young man came up, sat the other couple and then us. The dining room wasn't too full, and they seemed to seat people in the surrounding booths first which was all good for us - until we saw the booth we got. It didn't seem that it was a big deal to sit right next to the bar, until after awhile we learned there was a server's station right behind it in a little spot between the edge of the booth and the bar. Constantly, server's were squeezing in and out of the spot and talking there and it got to be a bit much. Our server was polite, but not all that friendly. I would say service was just average, no connection there. Maybe she didn't want to be there, maybe she was working a double, maybe her knickers were literally in a twist - who knows?We ordered a round of their signature cocktails - see photos uploaded. Nothing special, a little overly sweet. I switched to beer. We both ordered burgers, medium. They came to us medium rare but by this point we were over it and just ate them. I had the Spoke and Wheel burger, good flavor and combination of ingredients, I wouldn't not-ever eat it again. He got the Bacon Truffle Burger and thought it was okay, nothing to write home about. I don't know what it was with our experience that just nothing really stood out. I mean, the place looks cool, we liked the decor and lay out. We were more impressed by their cool light fixtures than all of the TVs. It wasn't really busy for a Friday night, so the energy level was 'meh'. The service wasn't great, I mean, the host who couldn't have been over 20, seemed to be the most chipper person in the place. The food tasted good but wasn't cooked to order. The drinks, well...I guess that's why we agreed it was just a "Meh, I've experienced better." But on my scale, I would still say it's a 3-star, good not great. But to each their own! I am sure this is some people's favorite place in the city.
5	Had a wonderful lunch here today with a friend. Everything was great especially the service. Ruby was our waitress and she was AWSOME. This will be a weekly lunch spot for sure!!!!  Loved it!!!!!!
5	What a great evening!  We stopped in for a quick bite, not knowing what to expect, and ended up missing our theater performance because we were having such a great time.  The food was wonderful and very affordable for a family of 4.  We loved Trivia night!  We are looking forward to going back again this weekend.  It is really hard to tell from the outside what it will be like but give it a try.  I think you will like it.
3	Not a bad little place. Decent food, good atmosphere, nice beer selection. I ordered the Prime rib dip ($12.50). I was a little disappointed that there was no cheese on the sandwich. Some provolone or Swiss would have made the sandwich. Also, I had to ask for horseradish. That was unusual. The server was okay, prompt but not real friendly. I had to wait to order my second beer. The seating thing was confusing, like other reviewers have noted. I really did like the atmosphere of the place. I sat inside, but did take a look at the patio. It looks very nice and next time I'll sit there.Overall, I'll come back.
3	I came back on a Saturday afternoon. This time I got a pitcher of beer for $5. A great deal! I had the tacos from the Happy Hour menu and they were very tasty. A pretty good experience.
4	I've been here many times. What brings me back, you ask? No, it's not just the awesome mac n' cheese, or acoustic sets they have weekly,or even the their trivia nights... It's the service! Rachel is my favorite there. But everyone has that pep in their step that pushes their service over the edge! Check this place out if you've never been... or go back if you've already enjoyed the Spoke & Wheel experience!
5	I've been here a handful of times now - all for dinner and usually up at the bar. Why this place is five stars for me:1) Probably the best and most consistent service I've had in Phoenix so far. The waitstaff is very quick to greet you, quick to take orders, and the food is always fast. Never have had to wait for anything.2) The food that we have tried is incredible. Burgers are the best I've had in Phoenix to date. The mussels, calamari, and salads are great. Great happy hour specials and good beer selection on tap.3) Atmostphere. Nice sized bar. Clean, up to date. TV's EVERYWHERE. This is a great place to catch a game. I've only been here on week nights, but I've never had to wait for a spot at the bar or a table.
5	No matter what time of day or day of the week the food is always consistent.   Had the cyclist burger and it is the best in the valley!  Ruby was helped us at the bar and she is great!  She never stopped once. .. Very friendly and remembered us!   Of you haven't tried Spoke & Wheel, you must!  You will not be disappointed!   Yelp them out!
5	Great find! Might become my new neighborhood bar. Good happy hour until 6pm with decent beers on tap. Hard to beat the lunch specials and burger/pitcher happy hour deals.
4	Great restaurant. Friendly staff and food is good. The $5 beers in pitcher are awesome. The spoke and wheel burger is great!
4	Great hangout spot.  I've been pleased with everything I've ever ordered but my fav is the freshly made chicken chorizo nachos.  So yummy.  They always have great beer on tap and a pitcher is $5 during happy hour (good stuff, not just coor's light).  The banana churro dessert is ridiculous in a good way.  Always great service. HAPPY HOUR ALL DAY IF YOU RIDE YOUR BIKE.
4	My burger was amazing.  Perfectly cooked with a delicious bun. I had the green chili burger.  The beer process were great also.  A pitcher is the same price as a pint
4	Fantastic hole in the wall. Cozy ambiance and delicious food. Their fish tacos are amazing, burgers juicy, deviled eggs nicely presented, and pretzel bun are soft. Sausages with curry ketchup and cheese dip was tasty too. The waffles fries is also another fave. All in all, great first time experience.
5	My burger was amazing.  Perfectly cooked. The bun was delicious also.   I had the green chili burger. The beer prices were great.  A pitcher was the cost as a pint.  I will definitely cone back here again.
