4	The Great Indoors is owned by Sears and has a lot of their same policies.  They have a wide selection of appliances, home decor, paint, blinds, electronics...  Prices are about what you would find at Sears.Since Sears has a matching policy, we did have them try to price match our appliances when we were building our home and they did put limitations on it so make sure you get the details first before counting on it.Their credit card is like most others.  For every $2500 that you spend you get a $20 gift card redeemable at their store.  I have done really well finding deals there.  You have to catch things on sale though.  They have a semi-clearance sale twice a year.
5	I Love The Great Indoors!You can find something for every room in the house, inside or out!They have Gorgeous Model Kitchens and Bathrooms set up inside the store.Whether your looking to do a re-model, just decorate or find a cool housewarming gift this is your one stop shop.I've gotten everything from my Granite island installed, to my dishes, silverware and cabinet hardware here and that's not all.Stop in and see for your self, it's just a fun place to browse even if your not going to buy anything.......but I bet you will!
3	Another solid choice when you're looking for an (upscale) household item that HD or Lowe's is not carrying or you're looking for more choices...
5	Now this is the shiznit!!! Only walk into this store if you have an extra couple of hundred bucks hanging out in your pocket! You will want to buy EVERYTHING. They have gorgeous things displayed in a gorgeous way but you won't mind their steep prices because once you will enter the store, you will be in dream land and your sane mind will disappear.One awesome thing that I liked about the Great Indoors is that when we were in the market to purchase a refrigerator, they were selling of a stainless steel Maytag model for 50% off only because it was a floor model. The fridge did not have any scratches or dents. It was perfect. We didn't buy at that time because hadn't closed on the house yet but the sales person Duane told us that occasionally they go through items and sell them at steep discounts to make room for newer models. If you are in the market to buy a particular appliance and don't care what brand it is, I would start here.
1	Never, ever trust TGI to install  your carpet or provide a rebate in the promised time. EVER. Especially if you are promised a rebate.
4	Have willpower before you go shopping here. They have tons of things that no one else does, and you'll want to break the bank. They are a little on the pricey side though, and you can walk through it for an hour and never speak to an employee.
1	Going out of business!? For good? Or to reopen after restructuring??? ... No wonder the service was absolutely horrible when I was there in February 2012. We were redecorating our daughters' bedrooms. They had shared a room and finally got their own. Anyway, no customers were in the store and the those who were "working" there didn't seem to have a care or a clue.I'm bummed about this though. I loved this place, especially when we moved to Gilbert, AZ, 8 years ago. I guess the economy took its toll on it.
