5	I recently took the Grand Canyon tour around the Christmas holidays.   The tour guide was excellent.  He was full of fun and interesting facts about AZ.People don't normally think of the desert and think of snow or cold, but North Arizona is quite different than the desert. We first took a short stop in Sedona.  Later, we continued north to see snow all around.  We traveled through Navajo country.When I finally got to the Grand Canyon, I took the helicopter ride around the canyon.  The view was magnificent.  It was one of the most breathtaking sites I've seen.I truly enjoyed my tour!  I will definitely do it again - especially if family comes in from out of town.
2	I have them such a glowing review before. I am really disappointed.Even though my first customor service rep was wonderful, this time I got a really rude lady named Tracy.  I just did not like the way she talked to me so much so that I just didn't even book a second trip.There are so many competitors and the economy is not great right now.  Companies cannot afford to have the worst customer service.  I did call  Detours.  They were quite helpful.
4	I took the Grand Canyon via Sedona and Navajo Reservation tour.Steve was our guide and was very informative but I would check my facts on Pluto, I don't think it's a star, it's classified as a dwarf planet.  He was very kind and helpful as I'm afraid of heights.  I'm so glad that I took this tour instead trying to drive it myself and figure out where to go for the best scenery.I didn't have any problem with any of the staff, I fact I had to cancel one of my party at the last minute (day before-well past the cutoff time) and they were very nice about not charging me for the canceled tour.If I'm lucky enough to make it to Phoenix again I would use them again!  It was very relaxing to let someone else do the driving.
1	Open Road Tours nearly ruined our vacation!  We booked our Grand Canyon tour several weeks in advance, but they called to cancel LAST MINUTE (literally 5pm on the Sunday before our Monday tour).  The customer service rep cited weather issues and told us that given their 25 years of experience, there would be fog in the canyon and it really wouldn't be worth the trip up there.After about an hour of wallowing in dejection, we optimistically decided to just try calling around to see if any other tour companies were operating.  Every single tour company we called (we went to tripadvisor and started with the highest rated) was still operating tours to the Grand Canyon but many of them were full.  We finally managed to snag the last 2 spots with another company and there were absolutely NO visibility issues at all.  In fact, the day was extremely clear and the Grand Canyon was spectacular.Open Road Tours was extremely unprofessional in not helping us find an alternate way to see the Grand Canyon after we expressed that it was our whole purpose in visiting Phoenix and the day we booked was the only day we could go.  Rather than call peers to secure us spots, they told us there was nothing they could do unless we wanted to book on another day (impossible since we were leaving the next day).  Given that there were absolutely no actual weather issues, and they had actually already attempted to reschedule the tour prior to the "weather cancellation" due to insufficient bookings on Monday, the entire experience leaves a bad taste in my mouth.PARTING THOUGHT: Why take a chance with your vacation and book with an unreliable tour company when there are so many excellent options in the area?
