3	I visited this new Krispy Kreme on a Saturday afternoon the first weekend they were open after their initial grand opening earlier during the week.I was immediately greeted by an extremely friendly owner and treated with great courtesy. The owner of this franchise is enthusiastic about Krispy Kreme. Inside, you'll find a limited selection of about 15 Krispy Kreme doughnut varieties (imported three times a day from the Mesa store) and a variety of coffee beverages/milk products. I ordered a 1/2 dozen and paid just under $6. I particularly enjoyed my "pumpkin doughnuts" covered in the infamous KK glaze. As a reviewer of the new Indian School location noted, the doughnuts were not "hot," which may disappoint those looking for the old-school KK experience.Physically, the store is spotless, "urban loft" in style and offers a small seating area with a flat screen TV. There is also a drive thru for those car-obsessed residents of this fair city that can't leave their vehicles to come inside and chat with the friendly staff.While I probably won't visit the store that often due to budgetary issues (KK doughnuts are not exactly cheap), I do wish the new franhise the best and think it's great that the space opposite Quizno's is finally occupied. If the owner of this franchise is listening, I think high-quality breakfast sandwiches would be a nice addition to the store's offerings (although I'm not sure if KK corporate would allow this menu deviation...), given that sometimes it's nice to trade off between "sweet" and "savory" for breakfast.
1	Not hot. Not even warm. Stone cold, kinda hard, not very fresh tasting. Hella sweet. Unsatisfying. Seriously, they are damaging their "brand" by opening this type of store. There is no difference between the Roosevelt store and picking up a box at the Circle K. What's next, a Little Debbie store front with a drive through?I needlessly feared that this location would spell a serious loss of business for our nearby Rainbow Donuts. I now appreciate them even more by comparison to Krispy Kreme.
2	This Krispy Kreme bums me out. The stars are for sheer convenience. I've gone 3 times before work because it's on my way, they have a drive-thru and it opens at 5:30, which is nice for us early risers.Things that aren't nice: Major inconsistency. I know it's just opening, but they should have some sort of supervision for quality control..Once my creamer/sugar/stirrer/napkins were tidily put into a little bag, other times they hand them to me like a kid scooping dirt out of a sandbox with two hands. Twice I didn't get anything to stir my coffee with and everything just settled to the bottom.. depressing.I swear I didn't once get the donut I ordered. Most disappointingly, they once gave me a cake donut. Who orders a cake donut at Krispy Kreme? Cold, hard, blah. It defeats the entire purpose.
2	Krispy Kreme is the best donut, by far. The donuts here at this location are not truly the Krispy Kreme experience, but at least adequete. I've been once, since I struggle with losing weight and things like donuts dont help. They were reluctant to serve me at the drive through because I was on my bike. I thought the general rule was do not serve non-motorized vehicles... and never pertained to motorcycles. Whatever, they served me anyway so no biggie. When I got the donut home (5 blocks) it was kinda hard and cool. I don't remember it being warm when I got it. I was pretty dissapointed. If you want the KK where you watch the donuts come out of the production line and then get a free one, you have to go to Mesa, otherwise they are being trucked in.
2	Is this what a krispy kreme doughnut is suppose to taste like?  I sure hope not.... We bought 3 kinds, the regular glazed kind, and jelly filled with apples and cinnamon and jelly filled with strawberries. I did not like any of them... they didn't even taste fresh.I would not get doughnuts from here ever again. Perhaps I could be persuaded to try them from another location, but one more chance is all I'll give.
1	I stopped by here recently around 9am and the donuts I got tasted like they were made a week ago. Stale and old. I thought they were supposed to make them fresh regularly? I love Krispy Kreme donuts, but this location seems to be run by a Dunkin' Donuts undercover spy hellbent on tainting the good name of Krispy Kreme.This saddens me greatly.
1	I stopped by the new Krispy Kreme at 7th & Roosevelt this past saturday and bought a coffee and a couple donuts, just to check it out.  We went to the science museum downtown, so we drove right by it twice.   It was pretty dead both times (1 & 4pm).   They didn't do much to change the interior sinec it was REV coffee, kept most of the TI's that were already in place.  Coffee was okay, not bad per se, but just typical convenience type coffee. It was very hot when served (too hot).   Compared it with the Dunkin Donuts decaf that we later got, DD was of course better.   Out of their 2 donuts, one was too "fried".  DD won on donuts too!
1	Can't even tell you how disappointed I was on Saturday morning when I stopped by to get a doughnut and coffee. HEY MANAGER you need time management!!! I ordered two doughnuts (not the ones I like) They were out of the UN GLAZED ????? But never the less I would gladly eat what I had ordered . HOWEVER what is a doughnut without COFFEE.. I ordered a large coffee and was told I would have to wait for . Now why would a coffee shop not be prepared .  The manager said 20 minutes to wait for coffee. WHAT!!!! I refused to buy the doughnuts and found myself at Tammie Coe's spending way too much money but got served immediately.  Tell you the truth, I am giving up on doughnuts and certainly this place needs new management for sure. Take the boys scout motto BE PREPARED...............
2	The only thing that this Krispy Kreme location has going for it is convenient location and a drive through. You will not see any dough-nuts being made here which is sort of part of what the Krispy Kreme experience should be. Seeing them being made; ordering them as they come out so they are still warm for your first bite.Now then let's consider this review then as if this was a regular dough-nut shop and it also does not stand up. The mom-and-pop  shop I have closer to me makes better tasting ones, but it is probably because they make them right then and there.I am assuming that they are hauling the ones they do sell here from a different location or a centralized place where they make them, which completely explains why the glazes, etc. taste as if they have been sitting for a while. They are still ok dough-nuts.The other thing that this place lacks is in the coffee. I ordered a coffee and the person had one of those Super-sized Shamrock farms half-and-half containers and asked us if I'd like some in my coffee and to tell her when to stop. I am sorry but, who puts anything on their coffee without even tasting it first. Not me that's for sure. Worst experience getting coffee here.Bottom line: The dough-nuts here will not be what you would expect from Krispy Kreme and forget about ordering coffee that will be to your liking.
2	Just ok....convenient.
2	Solved all my coffee needs in a hot minute. With it's own parking lot this is an easy downtown location to get in and out of fast, plus it has a drive thru window. Unfortunately, it also has a high per capita of bums.
1	is now ***closed***
