5	I had the steak & shrimp combo. It tasted great and was a huge portion under $10. I think it just opened--definitely hope it's here for a long time to come.
4	After receiving a coupon in the Value-Pak mailer, we decided to look up this location and put in on our list of places to try.For starters, it has only been open for a month, so I feel the need to YELP this place!It is a standard Japanese menu, but what I liked was the price / value for the money. OK...OK... there is no flashy spatula flying, flaming onion volcano's, choo-choo trains, or shrimp throwing antics here, but what you do have is good food without the fuss.  The time of our visit was on a Friday night, no lines, no waiting, just good food at a great price.This is on our list of places to frequent, as it has all of the items we enjoy at a fraction of the other Japanese restaurants costs.I have added a few pictures, and I hope that you fellow Yelpers will try this place and share your thoughts.It is conveniently located on Audrey Kell Rd near Tom Short Rd.NCFoodGuy
3	I've been here twice. The first time was when they first opened and I ordered takeout for my family at dinner time. We ordered three entrees. The serving sizes were great for the low price. The food was good but not amazing. The owner was there and was very friendly and easy to talk to. We visited a second time and ordered takeout again for lunch. This time it was just my daughter and I. We ordered teriyaki chicken and two spring rolls. The owner was there again and took my order - he read my order back to me and said 'steak' so I corrected him with 'chicken'.  The food was ready quickly and the price was 9 bucks for the entree and two spring rolls. I did notice while I was there that he owner stood in front of the fryer eating while our food was cooking. He never washed his hands and didn't seem aware that eating while cooking someone's food isn't appropriate. He eventually took the spring rolls out and rolled them in paper towels, I assume to soak off the grease. I got over the 'gross' factor and ate the spring rolls surprisingly they were really good. Unfortunately he gave us steak instead of chicken even after I corrected him so I can't say how the whole meal was. I called to make them aware of the mistake (assuming he would apologize and offer to refund the entree or offer a free entree next visit) he said I ordered steak and he would be happy to remake the meal if I came back. I don't make a habit of driving all over town when a business owner makes a mistake. I probably won't go back. The prices are good, but the sanitation issues and the inability to troubleshoot a mistake doesn't sit well with me. I offer three stars because of the low prices. If you want good food and decent service, pay more and go elsewhere.
