2	this library is just plain depressing. its small, old and smells of it's age.i would avoid this library..no fun will be had here.
4	I am a total fan of Century Branch.... I most like how EASY it is to park, get in and get out.  This is a TINY TINY library, really not a whole lot to it.  But the staff is very nice and helpful.  I put my books on hold on-line and always pick up from Century Branch b/c of the easy no-fuss access to this library. I also seem to find better audio book selections from this branch as well, I think it's a great place to return items to b/c of the location.  So I can always fill my audio book addiction easily!SUPPORT YOUR LIBRARY!!!
4	Yeah, it's true that this branch is tiny and smells old. But it's a public library in the middle of the city-  it would be disappointing if it didn't smell like funk or have weirdo's hanging out. I always order my books and movies on the library website and they send me an e-mail when they are ready for pick up. It's a great system and even better because you don't have to pay for the books. Usually when I buy a book I'm such a cheapskate that I will force myself to read the entire book even if I hate it. They have a pretty big selection of classic and current DVD's. I do wish the library had longer business hours. Right now it's closed on Sundays and closes early on Tues and Thursdays. Everyone should support the library, that way it can be open longer and continue to have a good selection of books and DVD's.
1	If there was ever a prime candidate for the public ax in these lean times it would be this library.  It really offers nothing more than some air conditioning, a couple of 1990's era Sports Illustrated's, and some half empty book shelves.  My illiterate nephew has a bigger book collection than this place.  The middle of the Sonoran desert has more electrical outlets and workstations than this "library".  I'm sorry.  I love libraries and books and all but I just don't see much learning coming out of this place.  There are some great alternatives in the area (Burton Barr and Scottsdale).
5	For people who want to hang out in a library, go to the main branch. This is a utility library; it doesn't have any frills or extras, but it serves a very useful purpose. I order all my books on-line (via the hold request) and then pick them up at this branch. It is very convenient and the staff are always friendly.
4	Shout out to a fellow friend on yelp! Thanks for the tip on renting movies here.  Ssshhhh, I know, it's okay.  Got our library card here today.  The librarian was very nice.  Explained all the details and even told us about the free tickets you can get to places in Phoenix, i.e., The Phoenix Zoo, The Botanical Garden, and more.  It is a little small, but the selection is pretty good.  Watching movies tonight!
5	I'm not sure why no one gave this library branch five stars!Yes, this library is not big, but it's nice, cozy, and the staff on hand are amazing. My daughter and I come here every Tuesday to get library books and movies. It's located a block from where we live and we love it. It's not too big to where we get lost finding something we need. If you don't find something you need, you can always go online and put it on hold and designate the hold item to the library you want. They recently renovated this library so now it has a teen section and a study area. The only problem I can think of is that it isn't really quiet. The kid section is located near the study area and I can see how that is a problem. But as I recall most of the libraries I go to now, it's usually really noisy. Apparently no one respects the whole don't talk in the library thing anymore (that goes for adults too!). The staff is amazing. They are always helpful and are informative about when reading contests starts and when events are happening in the library. The had a Dr. Seuss event a couple of months ago and even though there were only a couple of staff on hand it was amazing. They had a reading session, balloon animals, and face painting. Yes, the face painting line was long (and my daughter didn't get her face painted), but there was only ONE person face painting and he did a wonderful job (all free hand). After reading all these negative reviews, if you don't like it - obviously you can drive a couple of more miles to Burton Barr. I prefer a smaller, cozy library where the staff is on hand and have time to help their customers.They are closed Sundays and Mondays. Tuesday to Thursday they are open from 9 am to 7 pm and Friday and Saturday they are open from 9 am to 5 pm.
4	I really like this library. They have a pretty good selection, although the place is pretty small. But anything they don't have, you can have it sent to this branch fairly quickly. They have a great graphic novel selection compared to a lot of libraries I've been to, also.
1	The security guard who works at the front desk is rude, unfriendly and offensive as can be.  He seems to think he owns the place and bosses people around.
5	I'm one of the few who still loves the feeling of holding and reading an actual book vs an ebook, but I'm also trying minimize clutter in my house. So the library is perfect! They have a large selection of books even new releases. If you're on top of things you can put yourself on a waitlist for the newest releases in books and movies. I started getting more reaquaitned with library when I had my son. I wanted to get out of the house and do something but found that every time I left my home I spent money. I wanted to be able to leave my house and not feel pressured to spend money. So one day I stopped by the Century library. I had forgotten how many resources they have. I was able to get books for my son, a book for me, and a movie to watch with my husband later. I also found out they had free baby and kid programs so I started taking my son to those as well. I loved it! Ms. Tracy is typically the librarian who leads the programs at Century which include, story time, songs, games and child playtime. Ms. Tracy is excellent! She's very patient with the kids and offers lots of ideas for home play. These programs are also great ways to meet other parents. They have weekday and weekend programs.The library also offers culture passes. These are passes you can check out to visit local museums such as The Science Center, the zoo, the art museum, and the children's museum. Each library only has a limited selection per day so get there early if you want to check one out. The library isn't just for those who love paper books as they offer ebooks you can check out as well. They even have Nooks you can check out. The Century Library may be one of my favorite places to go and kill time. I highly recommend checking it out and utilizing all the amazing resources they have.
3	I've only been inside this library once as I mainly use it to drop off or return books. This is because it is rather difficult to get to, being directly across from the 51N exit on Highland. You have to turn into an empty shopping center, navigate through the large parking lot, and then park in the tiny library parking. Since this is the back half of the shopping center, it is mainly empty stores and seems kind of strange to have a library here. The actual library building is concrete block/brick and a little dreary looking (if you ask me).  The inside had a recent upgrade, but that doesn't make up for how small the library seems. Overall, it's a decent library but I'd much rather visit a different one if given the choice.
1	All of my Culture Pass issues were taken care of by contacting Act One directly. They have called and explained to Amanda, and hopefully all other employees of this branch, how a Culture Pass works.
5	I have been using this library for many years. My daughters loved going there as little girls and they checked many books out, too. The programs they participated in were excellent and very entertaining for them in the summertime; especially... I would highly recommend this branch because the people are very nice and helpful. One in particular; is a lady named Cherlene, (not sure if I got that right with the spelling!); who stands out in my mind. She is always friendly, helpful, patient, and very down-to-earth. I remember one time (or maybe two)!, I needed help getting my library card straightened out and she solved the problem very quickly. Talk about an angel, she is that and then some! Thank you for all you do for this library! I appreciate it alot! Cherlene is the best!
5	I had wanted to be sure to see this classic building before the impending renovation  so a friend and I planned to drop by on the way to the Morgan Library Museum recently. Well, we happened to arrive shortly before 11:00 and so, serendipitously, caught the tour. What luck! Our guide was informative and enthusiastic. The building is amazing, the collections are astounding, and what a great way to relive a slice of Manhattan history. We didn't make it to the collection at the Morgan that day. Give yourself plenty of time and enjoy.
