4	Price is good, but this is the first week open and some of the equipment is already not working. Either they are giving error codes on start up or the earphone jacks don't work. The workout machines have earphone jacks to listen to the TVs that are on, but I had to hop around to a few different machines to find one that worked. The first machine kept giving me an error message and won't calculate anything. The second machine's sound was so crackly I could understand the News channel and it kept resetting the TV station that I was listing to to TV #1 every few minutes. As I was not a black card member, I couldn't try out their HydroMassage tables or red light therapy rooms, but the locker rooms were nice. And the staff seems eager to help. So, for the cost, hours (24/7), location and facilities I will give it 4 stars. But, 1 star taken for malfunctioning equipment within the first week.
3	I signed up for the full program at $19.99 a month. Today was my first day at the gym. The staff is pleasant, but I would not say they are friendly. I believe getting to know each client is so important to building loyalty, so I am not enticed to join another gym. But, that's just me. A nice hello would have been appreciated. I was not informed that the tanning bed would automatically start within a specified amount of time, or even offered assistance to make sure I knew how to use it. Had I known this, I would have applied the lotion in the locker room and then gone in for my session. I figured the rest out myself. I tried the red light therapy and I really like that. I think it's an awesome feature to the facility. As far as the rest of the equipment, I have not had an issue and it seems everything is in working order at this time. I would rate this place higher if the staff was a bit friendlier. I can go anywhere and be treated like the masses....
2	The staff is incredibly rude. I pay $20 dollars a month to go here and I am treated like a child. Half the equipment does not work properly. The changing areas are nice though, I will give them that. I would take my business elsewhere. No customer service here whatsoever.
4	I have been a member since this location opened. New machines, very clean and helpful staff. Planet Fitness caters to the gym-goer that doesn't use a ton of free weights. They are known to have the "Judgment Free Zone" which helps their members feel less intimidated by the extreme weight lifters. If you are looking to get in shape and on a budget this place does the job. For $10 a month you get a clean gym with lots of machines and open 24 hours a day so their is no excuse not to get into shape.
4	Professional, clean, and lots of open equipment. I am not a member but went as a guest with a friend who is an I love that their hours are 24/7
3	I have been here 5-10 times over the last couple months and their water fountain has been broken EVERY time. Every time they tell me it should be fixed soon, but after asking/complaining about this many times I think they are lying.  It is my opinion they are doing this to increase sales of bottled water.  This type of business practice is absolutely unacceptable to me.Regardless of whether or not they are neglecting the water fountain on purpose, it is still unacceptable.  I am not able to have an intense and safe workout without water.Edit: It has been about 6 months after writing my original 1 star review.  Since writing that review (unedited above), I have not had any issues with the gym.  They fixed the water fountain within a couple days of writing my review and it hasn't been broken since.  All else about the gym is fine.
2	The gym isn't horrible, its actually quite clean. The equipment works for someone who just wants to do cario, or light weight lifting. Locker rooms are nice but I had the most annoying run in with the staff.I was wearing an small Nike bag, when I was using my cardio equipment, I put the bag over the cardio machine display - it wasn't on the floor nor in anyone's way including myself. An associate came over and told me it's against rules to have bags on the gym floor and in a polite A-holish way, asked me to put my bag in a locker. I didnt have a lock, but I also didn't want to leave since I was on 20 min into my workout so I went to the front desk to the guy who told me I needed to put it in a locker and asked him if I could borrow a lock and he said we don't have any to borrow but you can buy one for $7. It took everything in me not to cuss him out. Like really, you require things to be put in lockers but don't have locks people can borrow. He pretty much kicked me out of the gym because I wasn't paying for a lock and they wouldn't let me go and finish my workout.I found a gym like 5 min away that I am going to switch to -- I'll let everyone know about the cancellation policy. I heard it's light weight impossible.
4	I love this gym. Its such a good deal for your money & the staff is very friendly & competent. Especially the girls like Alice that work in the morning.  They do have some unconventional rules that take some getting used to like: no cell phones, no bags on the floor and no Lunks ( people grunting, clanking weights or drinking out of gallon jugs of water). I think cell phones are completely distracting in the gym whether Im on them or listening to someone on their phone. Im grateful for that rule.  It did take some getting used to but now I really enjoy this gym. Its very clean & simple. I get to use the redlight booths & tanning & hydromassage tables & personal training for $20 a month! There aren't any classes which I miss about L.A. Fitness but they have a great Ab circuit & a 30-minute cardio circuitHappy workouts
4	Fantastic, no frills gym.
4	Great inexpensive place to get your workout on and not be intimidated or molested.
4	Simple, yet to the point kind of gym!! Great front desk, staff is always there and ready for check-in.This place is always clean and well stocked, it also has a good selection of work-out equipment, inexpensive membership and its open twenty-four-seven, for those late night gym junkies!! :) Not much more I can say, only four stars for lack of pool!! :)
5	I have only been going here for about two months and I must say - I have no complaints! Very clean - spray bottles w/ cleaner and paper towels around every corner for you to use to wipe down your machines after use or even before use. Every time I've gone here I also have seen staff going around and wiping down all machines. I have only had good experiences with the staff. Front desk is very friendly and always ready to check you in. I met with the trainer Chris and he was very friendly and knowledgeable as well. I am a black card member ( $20.00 a month ) so I get access to the tanning beds, massage beds, and can bring a non member friend with me every time I go. I love that I can bring someone with me- that's great! If you like to tan then you know tanning is expensive so that is a great bonus to being a black card member. They have stand-up beds... I think 5 or so of them w a 10 min max per use. I have never had to wait on using a bed.  In the two months I've maybe only seen a couple of machines down and they were never down for more then like a day or two but that is common with any gym you are going to go to. Very glad I became a member!** I do wish they had a weighted doctors type scale in the locker room though so I could monitor my weight loss more accurately other then from my cheap scale at home **  but even without the scale... they still get 5 stars from me  :)Oh yeah and one more thing that I like - No Kids allowed!
1	Just my personal opinion, you pay for what you get.....I signed up this past June to become a member of Planet Fitness in Phoenix because I enjoy running and for those of you have lived or have traveled to PHX in the summer - you know it is very difficult to maintain any sort of consisitent running program when temperatures exceed 110 degrees daily. I was looking for a clean, cheap place that had quality treadmills to get my fix on until the temperatures dropped back into double digits....well, I'll give them that, clean and cheap, but I wont give them much else.Customer service is horrendous...I mean HORRENDOUS. The staff is is incredibly incompetent, I wish I could single out one individual and not drop the "incompetent" label as a whole, but every interaction I have had with a Planet Fitness staff member has left me in absolute awe at their ability to stoop to new levels of stupidity. I know this is where I should give specific examples but truth be told, I'm tired....I've already wasted too much time of my precious life thinking about the frustration that I have had to deal with time and time again.... anytime I had a question of any sort (machine use, training programs, billing, broken equpment, etc) I was left amazed by their responses. Anywhooooo....consider yourself warned, it may work for you, but it definitely did not work for me.
4	Well, I am the duchess here, so I should probably finally write a review.   I joined mainly to have access to treadmills so I could get ready for my very first 5k, so 5 stars just for being close, cheap, and having exactly what I need (i.e. not forcing me to run outside in AZ summer weather).  When we joined, I was also impressed that they have a 30-minute circuit and an ab circuit area, plus stretching area.   I feel like there is something for everyone here, whatever level fitness, whatever you need.  I go in early mornings and it is never busy, and I've never heard the crazy alarm and everybody is super chill.  I'm only paying the $10 a month, insanely cheap.  Yeah, I'm a sucker for the wild purple color scheme.  Everything just feels very put together, and very clean locker rooms, etc.  Why not 5 stars in the end?  The staff at the front desk...well...they're not bad at anything, but they are certainly not friendly.  Just doin' their job, but meh.  There is one lady at the desk in the mornings who is pretty grumpy,  but I don't let that bug me.  I don't live at the gym and not there to make friends.  I just appreciate the cleanliness, variety, and price.  PF gives me what I need and stays out of my way.P.S. QUICK UPDATE 10-6-13:  I want to give kudos to a young lady named Jamie, who gave above-and-beyond great service to me regarding my personal training design plan (or in this case, missing plan).  Jamie really went all out to try and make me happy and solve my issue.  So there ARE good workers there...just gotta find 'em.
5	Know how I know you're better than 24 hour fitness? 1. across the street from my house 2. cheaper than my 24 membership.......3...........and I get free tanning? 4. hydro massage tables? WHAT!? 5. Friendly customer service. This whole "lunk alarm" thing cracks me up.I'm a fan. 24 can suck it.
4	So far, so good. I've only been here a couple of times and I don't have any major complaints given the price. The staff is friendly and it's clean. I have heard they have a pizza night which I strongly disagree with. The point of a gym is to promote a healthy lifestyle. I also could do without the candy at the front desk.
4	I love the atmosphere ... No intimidation from power lifters and not a place to feel uneasy no matter what your body type.... Also Chris who is the trainer there is awesome he fine tuned a workout program for me based on what I wanted to accomplish also pushing me to develop my core with this workout again it is not a one on one situation will give you the workout its up to you that point after to follow through with the work out on your own using your inner self to do so it is work out that's worked for me over the past few weeks I really hard core started trying to get into shape .... The atmosphere of this gym makes all the difference in the world
1	Lunk alarms, discrimination, and (for the most part) unenthusiastic, unhappy employees. I have a lung issues that force me to breathe loudly when performing certain work-outs, and I have been approached three separate times AFTER explaining this to the employees. The gimmicks in place that essentially discriminate against avid gym-goers are nuts, and so is pizza and candy offered up at the front. This isn't a gym. It's a hangout spot for the unmotivated.
2	I have been to several Planet Fitness since joining a month ago and this location is the worst by far. The bathroom area is always dirty A light has been out in the showers for over a week. Hydro beds don't work right and staff acts like they don't want to be there Not a good representation of the chain.
5	Love that I don't have to wait for equipment there are plenty of cardio machines and lots of weights and circuit machines. Their amenities are super!!! 5 tanning stand-up rms, 2 massage recliners, 2 pressure water massage beds & 2 red light vibration rooms for skin and circulation. Personal trainer is included in my membership as well. Love, love, love it
1	DISCRIMINATION. No joke. A fews things to  think about before signing a contract with planet fitness:1. THEY DO NOT HAVE SCALES- I understand the whole "judge free zone" but come on a big part of getting in shape is knowing how much you weigh so you can see how much body fat you are losing. Extremely frustrating that I can't see my progress on my weight. 2. DRESS CODE- Today I was approached by one of the employees saying that my "low cut tank top" is not allowed to be worn. They said it goes along with the "NO LUNK RULE" I am a 20 year old female, I'm pretty sure you don't need to worry about me being a lunk? They said that this is warning and next time I will not be allowed to come into the gym. WHO CARES what Im wearing I'm there to work out not go to a fashion show.3. They serve pizza and bagels??? I mean COME ON I'm going to the gym to lose weight not gain more?!? This place is just downright cheesy and annoying.
5	Great workoutEquipment and water massage and massage chairs and tanning if you like that all for 20.00 a month
4	For  10 dollars a month and they are open 24/7 I am not sure what else you could ask for. There is no pool or basketball courts and can get fairly busy in the weight section but you can go anytime and everyone is pretty friendly.
4	For the money this place is great. It's cheap, clean, has tanning, and has tons of cardio equipment. However if you are in to more lifting, this place leaves much to be desired. There are no actual squat racks just smith machines. I almost positive the bars on them are not 45lbs. I asked an employee how much they were and she didn't know which is a bit annoying. Also it's a shame that dead lifts are against the rules since they are suck an effective lift. Basically if you're looking to work out for general health this place is nice but if you're a little more into fitness you'll have to be creative.
4	I love my workouts at planet fitness! The environment is great, no lunks! The equipment is well maintained as well.
4	I just started there and so far I'm liking it. The staff is very friendly and helpful. They don't have a lot of stationary bikes and every time I'm there they are being used. My doc told me I need to use these for my hip condition but getting one is hard. But besides that, its a friendly place and i would recommend it.
4	I have noticed a real change in the staff at this Planet Fitness. They are starting to bring in much nicer "service oriented" employees. I actually look forward to going and being greeted with a friendly Hello and a big smile. Kudos to the management for hiring some really down to earth friendly individuals!
2	I signed up for the "Black Card" membership ($20/month) over a year ago and was fairly pleased with the experience of working out here. While the service isn't *exceptional*, the price is right and everything is well maintained. I'm sure the "Black Card" membership is perfect for many customers (tanning and aqua massages included, plus free guest daily), I found I wasn't using the additional services. I don't tan or use the massage tables and I rarely bring people with me to work out. But I made a one year comitment to the higher price, which was fine. That was my choice and I can live with cost. The problem came when I tried to downgrade to the $10/month option after my year commitment ended. The gentlman I spoke with told me that I would have to pay a $50 "activation fee" (which was waived when I opted for the year commitment). An "activation fee" after having been a member for 14 months? That's sort of insane after also paying a $40 membership fee each year. When you add in the cost of activation fee and membership fee, I've been paying approximately $28/month. There are plenty of options for health clubs in the $30 range that will even include pools & fitness classes (zumba, yoga, spin, etc.), which Planet Fitness does not offer. Again, I think there are many customers who can benefit from the black card membership. I'm simply saying that I don't think it is asking too much that someone who fulfilled the terms of their commitment not be taken advantage of when they are trying to continue their membership at a price that fits his/her needs.
5	My fiance and I love going to Planet Fitness. She has a membership that allows a guest, and I go as the guest. Unlike most gyms, you can go in as a guest without having to hear the sales pitch. They've got TVs up so you can watch while you work out.
