2	After just finally arriving in Montreal, I was hoping to get in a quick good meal to set the mood for the rest of the trip.Bangkok 2 was a bad choice. Although the patio was nearly full - indicating that they might actually serve good food - I was completely and utterly dissapointed!!Service was very slow, the curry beef I had was near rubber like it was so chewy, and the pad thai had this awful near sour sauce that ruined the whole plate.The only reason I'm giving this place the 2 stars is that they did a good job with the decor as the place actually looks good but definitely doesn't perform.
1	The worst experience ever.  We order 3 fresh coconut drinks, 2 came white and 1 came black which tasted weird. We had this many time in other places and it just didn't taste the same, so we kindly ask if we could replace it. The Manager, without any exceptions states that there is nothing wrong and we should just drink it. So we ask for the bill for the drinks.  They made us wait about 15 minutes and charged us for the black spoiled coconut.  The Manager never showed he/her face but gave our sweet waitress such a hard time making her tear. We felt really insulted. Never again would I be back or recommend this to anyone.
3	Nothing memorable about this place.
1	Terrible, terrible food! I had a craving for Tom Yum soup and I had been meaning to try this place. I knew i was in for a bad experience when I walked in and saw that the place was huge but completely empty. 0 customers. The staff acted as if they were confused as to why a stranger would walk in the door and start asking for food.I had Tom Yum Soup and Sesame Chicken. I have had much better Tom Yum out of a can. The sesame chicken was worse than what you would get at Tiki Ming 5 minutes before closing.Will never go back.
2	I was here in 2006 and starving. It was meh. Not amazing, not delicious, but it hit the spot.Then again, I was really ravenous.... and craving Pad Thai.I found the portions reasonably sized and for $10, it was a decent price. I haven't been back since, but that's because I haven't had a craving for Thai in a while.
