3	While moving to Charlotte I stayed here a couple of nights to get are perspective of a more residential area.  It is an old house on Morehead in Dilworth that was converted to a bed & breakfast.  The interior is definitely what you would expect of a B&B - I felt like I was at my great grandmother's house.  I was slightly creeped out because I stayed there during the week and was one of two people there.  Kind of like the Shining.  Anyway, the rooms were well appointed and clean, but smelled a little stale.  Old furniture, carpet, draperies will do that I guess.  Staff was super friendly and eclectic.  The breakfast was great.  Neighborhood is a good one to relax in and very central to Uptown and South Charlotte.  However, you will have to drive a few minutes to get to places to eat or shop.  Stay if B&B is your style.  If not, head up the street to the Westin.
5	My aunt was visiting from Chicago and booked a room at the Inn after the Vanlandingham estate (which is a sister business to the Morehead Inn) said they were full.When I dropped her off, I went inside to check it out, and I'm glad I did.  It's truly an amazing house.   Walking around the place, you can really start to feel as if you've gone back in time.  I only saw one guest room, but it was impressive.  very well appointed with antique furniture, it had a separate sitting room with its own couch, and the views were of the thick stand of trees to the east and south of the house.I also really liked the enclosure of live australian finches downstairs.  They're colorful, lively things to watch, and I was told that sometimes the cat they keep around the house just sits around staring at the birds.Anyway, if you've got guest coming from out of town who are into antique and ornate surroundings, they would do well to stay at the Morehead Inn.
5	This place is so relaxing and quiet. The staff is very nice and accommodating. The grounds are very beautiful and I was able to walk to a nearby shopping center without any issue. I am staying in a room that has a balcony and a swing - so relaxing. Very nice B&B. Fits well into the southern hospitality feel of Charlotte.
5	If you need a place for a company get together, this is it!  I was able to visit The Morehead Inn for a small company meeting of around 20 people and it was nice and cozy in the room they provided us with.When I first arrived, I noticed how it the plants were well kept and there wasn't that much parking.  If you come here, I would highly recommend carpooling.  From the parking lot, I was able to walk right to the conference room they had for us.  As soon as I walked in, I felt like I went back in time.  The decorations there were beautiful and made me feel like I had to drink tea with my pinky out.  The only gripe I have about their decorations was that they had plates with Slytherin colors.  How can they support the evil house in Harry Potter!?!?!  Other than that, everything was perfect.They do not have that many bathrooms, but it is understandable since it is an old house.  I wouldn't want them to change that anyways.  I wasn't able to explore more in the Inn, but all the things I was able to see I loved.  The staff was also very friendly, so kudos to that!
1	This was one of the vendors that came highly recommended by my wedding Planner. She could not stress enough how great and accommodating they were. From our first meeting with their Event Coordinator, we were lead to believe that MHI would offer outside catering if they were not able to customize our menu. We wanted traditional Laotian food. They said that this was possible and so we signed. Everything that transpired from that moment went downhill. They did not keep their promise and so we had to work with the Chef to prepare our dishes. After several tastings that we were billed for (it was never stated on our contract  that we had to pay for these), the food came out ok. The final straw was 2 weeks before our wedding when we got the bill that was to be paid in full,  which was completely inaccurate. They tried to explain to us and our wedding planner what the breakdown of cost was but nothing on that invoice made sense. My planner told us to hold off on paying until she spoke to Billy, the owner. She also mentioned that they had allowed a couple to pay on the day of so we should be ok. After several back and forth, we decided to proceed on the payment even though we didn't agree with the amount.  MHI Planner emailed us midday and said the owner, Billy, would not accept our credit card and demanded we paid him cash or money order in full or our event would be cancelled. We told him that the contract explicitly states that a cc is an acceptable form of payment and that he could take. He said that he would take us to court and sue us if we didn't pay. We were under the notion that he was going to cancel our event b/c we refused to give in to his demands but two days later he ran our credit card w/o our knowledge and called our planner to let us know all is well & that we could have our wedding day. We never got our money back and we ended up not having our wedding there. I don't think any bride & groom who endured what we did would want to have their wedding there as well. We had to find a new venue at the last minute and rejigger our wedding day schedule because of Billy. Folks - there is something sketchy when a business owner demands you pay in cash when the contract doesn't state that. Please beware of this. I have all of our correspondences saved if anyone wants to see them.
5	Gorgeous- immaculate historic estate- very spacious stay in the Mt Vernon room. Wonderful breakfast- great friendly staff!
