5	Brandon Terrace is bustling with little independant cafes and gift shops and it's a really nice place to have a wander. I've only recently discovered Circle Cafe and boy am I glad! I've been looking for a place that does good breakfasts/brunches for a while now. I like a fry up now and again but sometimes you're just not in the mood for greasy food first thing in the morning. It's so strange as most cafe's in Britain only offer fry ups on the breakfast menu yet go anywhere else in Europe and that's only one of the options. When I  lived in Germany in most cafes you could choose from around 30 breakfasts including pancakes with maple syrup, swiss cheese breakfasts with boiled eggs, meat platters and smoked salmon breakfasts too, I really wish I knew of such places in Scotland but I've never been able to find any. Circle Cafe is the closest place to that I've found as they offer more than just ham, bacon and beans on their breakfast menu. I opted for the smoked salmon with eggs and it was absolutely delicious and exactly what I was looking for when I stepped in for a spot of brunch.The cafe is very stylish and modern and is very fresh and bright so it was perfect for my early-ish jaunt in as it brightened me up for the day and that was due to the food and the atmosphere.I'll definitely need to pop back for lunch as this place is definitely top of my list for place to go for a bite in Edinburgh, prices aren't exactly cheap but the standard of food is well worth the money.
4	Decent small menu, well made food (although I'm sure the menu said "eggs" as part of the parma ham & salad dish I had recently and 4 quarters to me is just a single egg) and pleasant staff. I did though have an odd moment when pepper was being dispensed atop the meal as the waitress, rather than stopping of her own accord as in practically every other instance of its kind, continued going until it dawned on me I'd have to say stop. Thankfully I've no trouble with pepper so the more than usual helping didn't impinge on the enjoyment of the meal.
3	You know you talk about Yelp too much when you have a meal with your partner and they ask you how many stars you are going to give the place.   I have eaten here three times now and I give it four stars for the first two times (HOW long does it take to cook breakfast?? Seriously), my experiences this past weekend dropped it to two stars.  I figured three would be reasonable for the review.So, Sunday morning rolled around and we didn't have any food in the house.  We'd planned a day out anyway so decided to splurge and go out to eat.  I ordered the semi-circle (streaky bacon, sausage, eggs as you like them, bread, tomato and spinach) and my guy got the eggs benedict with smoked salmon.  He was happy with his feed and I'll have to trust him on that as I have an aversion to smoked salmon so didn't try it.My breakfast, however... The egg whites were so raw on top they were still clear.  They weren't runny white, they were clear, as in completely uncooked, as in salmonella haven.  I don't have an unreasonable fear of salmonella, I eat cookie dough like it's going out of style, but when I get a fried egg in a restaurant I expect the restaurant to have a fear of salmonella and therefore cook my food.  Maybe I'm being unreasonable. The streaky bacon was more fat than meat and not in a tasty crispy mmmmm faaaaaaaaat kind of way, nut in an eeww I'll just cut around that kind of way.  The sausage was apparently home-made from lamb mince and was so uninteresting I slathered it with ketchup and ultimately left it uneaten.  Pair the quality of the food with waiting 25 minutes for said food (they weren't even full) and the fact that the first contact we had with a server after receiving our meals was a girl who tried to take my dish away when I was still eating.  I don't know if this place has gone downhill recently or if we had a bad morning, but I don't expect we will be giving it another chance.
4	i love this place. beautiful interior, great food, always interesting and quirky. i've had many enjoyable brunches and lunches here. perfect sunday afternoon spot to linger over food and coffee. their cakes look good too! i used to frequent this place when i lived around the corner, but i'd say it was worthy of a special trip from other parts of the city for sure.
5	the folk a circle take their coffee very seriously about which we're delighted. it is consistently cracking for some years now. great milk texture and temperature maximising the fresh, open choclately coffee flavours. trusty partner also very much enjoys the cappuccino regularly. we drop in here often because we know it'll always be great coffee. the people are also really nice and friendly and the service spot on.
3	I've never been quite convinced to go to Circle Cafe, it just never seemed to really draw me in like other cafes do.  However, finding all the tables at Cuckoo Bakery taken and no chance of anyone getting up soon, my date and i headed round the corner to see if we could get a seat at Circle.Maybe having the expectations of getting a gorgeous cupcake from Cuckoo slightly dampened my experience of Circle.  First off, we walked in and were hit with the biggest wall of heat!  It was literally like a sauna inside and frankly on a first date the last thing i want to do is be sweating due to an overheated restaurant.  We were seated by the back of the dining area though and fortunately they had the windows open so eventually it felt like the room cooled down.following a few minutes looking over the menu and ordering some cold beverages to aid in our cool down from the sauna like atmosphere we decided to just opt for a dessert option.  sadly no cupcakes, which was probably good as none can compare to Cuckoo.  I had the blueberry and white chocolate cheesecake and my date went for the carrot cake.Desserts and drinks were brought over promptly.  i found my cheesecake to be very tasty.  i noticed it was a baked cheesecake, which is my preferred option and the blueberry glaze/compote on the top was very fruity and flavoursome.  the graham cracker base was suitably buttery and cripsy, so a very good slice of cheesecake indeed.  unfortunately my date found his carrot cake to be a bit too crumbly and not overly moist, so a thumbs down for that.after dessert i decided i had cooled down enough to have a cup of tea and my date ordered a mocha.  these were pretty standard, i mean tea and hot water hard to get that one wrong so i won't pass further comment on them.the service was very friendly and although we ended up being the only two people sitting there the wait staff never rushed us or asked us to leave.  however, overall i wasn't blown away with my experience.  my cheesecake was nice, my dates's carrot cake not as nice, and beverages were just what would be expected.  so a very mediocre experience that doesn't have me desperate to return.
3	Today we visited Circle on a voucher - burger, chips and an Innis & Gunn beer. They started to be open in the evenings now and we got a table booked for 18:30 on arrival it was nearly empty as it was early - it filled up soon after.  Nice decor and airy high ceilings. Wooden bookcase like display, stone / red brick walls. Stone flooring. We were seated and the beer was served almost immediately, which was pleasant. We ordered the burgers - one with bacon one with cheese.  There was not a long wait before the burger and chips arrived. The presentation was in 2 halves. Burger on one bun end separated from the garnish/salad on the other bun end, served on a wooden chopping board (is that hygienic? - I shouldn't be having to ask that question) It had a napkin UNDER the bun halves - That had to be removed as slicing the burger on a bun with a napkin underneath is asking for (t)issues. The burger was homemade, good consistency and well cooked. It also had no real taste. I was disappointed. Yes we were offered salt and pepper, but some taste should be in the burger itself. So lacking in flavour is a star down. The chips are a different story. Served in a stone pot/ramekin. Hand cut. Single cook. Not very crispy.. and.. the skin was still on them. These were square cut 'rustic' fries missing its purpose on all 3 fronts. They could have been nicer, but I had a lot worse.Only after we finished we were asked if all was fine. I did order a Victorian Mandarin orange drink after wards as I did want to try it. I feel I cannot truly complain as a lot is down to personal taste and they did tick the right boxes but it just didn't fully click with me. I was a bit underwhelmed so to say. Not a favourite, but a firm middle of the road choice.
4	I immediately liked the intimate, cosy, homely, contemporary feel of Circle Cafe and being greeted by the friendly smiley staff. I had a large plate of warm root vegetables with green leaves, goats cheese and a honey dressing. As for dessert, well I was so full, I had to pass. Which is unusual for me after only eating salad. I'm coming back for you chilli chocolate cheesecake, oh yes!Overall there was a good range of delicious sounding meals on the menu as well as there being quite a few specials available. The service was great and prompt.The only thing that holds me back from a 5th star is the seating situation. Whilst the tables and chairs were nice looking furniture; the tables were really only ideal for pairs but 3 of us squeezed round one at a push. If you're lucky enough to find the table next to you vacant and are in a group, grab it. Also the smooth round finish on the chairs resulted in coats draped over them periodically falling on the floor throughout the cafe as though an invisible fairy was causing mischief. Although the cafe was small - not the kind of place for young families; it didn't feel crowded or noisy but had a rather relaxed atmosphere and I would happily come back with a friend or two for a peaceful nibble and drink again.Also available to buy were some crafts/gifts which caught my attention on the way out pulling me in to browse them - making this cafe a little more interesting than a place just to eat.
4	The Circle is one of those full-proof, fail-safe establishments that I always turn to when I want great food, locally. Friendly staff and a menu that combines classic dishes with a modern twist makes The Circle one of the highlights of the Canonmills area.In addition to the standard menu, The Circle also has a range of daily specials. I always find it hard to look past these, especially when they have the goat's cheese tart on the menu.Lunch times at The Circle are great, but where I think this eaterie has a real strength is in its breakfasts. Not only do they have the best Eggs Benedict I have ever tasted, they also have the genius semi-circle breakfast. If, like me, you can't stomach a full-English no matter how bad the hangover, the semi-circle is exactly as implied: half a full-breakfast. It hits the spot for me every time.The Circle has also started doing evening meals on a Friday and Saturday evening. I've sampled the evening food menu, and it is great and incredibly reasonably priced. From well-cooked fish dishes, to a really good steak and chips, evening dinners at The Circle are a real treat.If you're more in the market for coffee and cake, The Circle is also a winner on that front. Just you try and make it past the tray bakes at the front of the restaurant - I can guarantee that they will sing to you as they have to me, something along the lines of ... eat me!
5	This is probably where you will find me most weekends if I'm in the area. The food is excellent, well priced and the service friendly.
4	I went here by accident, because I was so hungry I couldn't think straight. But it turned out well!I had come out of a long meeting and was just in a low-blood-sugar muddle. I planned to go to Blue Bear but there were lots of people coming in and out, and I somehow wandered into Circle ... I'm really not good when I need food! Anyway, there I was, and I immediately felt better. I like the feel of the place, nice and chilled and cool and calm. The waitress was lovely when I couldn't decide what I wanted. And the tea came in a pot and was delicious. My scone was disappointing, though - more of a roll, light and bready. I like a scone with a bit of heft to it! Especially when I'm hungry...But yes - nice place, free wifi, good tea, patient staff!
4	I've only been in here a few times, but it's always been great. Strong, fresh coffee, friendly staff and a really top-notch, Italian-oriented menu. Last time I was in, I had rigatoni in a creamy tomato and brandy sauce with Italian sausage - it was amazing and just what I needed. The owner seemed genuinely concerned that I hadn't managed to finish it - in a lovely, charming way - and they generally clearly care about what they're serving up.The atmosphere's great - very relaxed and chatty - and the decor's cool without being intimidatingly so; lots of wood, exposed brickwork and coffee paraphernalia.In an area with a growing number of really good cafes and foodie bars, the Circle has enough to differentiate it that it always goes good business, particularly among those looking for a more substantial sit-down lunch.
4	I've love the feel of this cafe with it's long, narrow interior and exposed brick giving it a relaxed atmosphere.  The food is lovely too for both breakfast and main meals.My last visit was for brunch and it was just a consistent as previous times.  The full breakfast is not the cheapest at around a tenner, but it's certainly filling and all of the ingredients are of good quality. In an area which is packed with good cafes, Circle holds its own against them and is definitely worth a look.
