5	I didn't expect much from this store judging its exterior (and even its interior) but was really surprised at the myriad of items they have for sale. They have organic items, cheap produce and many items from different countries. I will be back ALOT! But remember to take a bag, they don't have any, not even for sale (except fabric ones).
5	When i didn't live in the area, i used to take a half hour bus ride (or bike ride) just to get here.You get something of what we'd imagine fells like a 3rd world market experience coming to Segal's because the isles are cluttered with yet unsorted boxes, you fish your olives out of huge garbage like containers, and there is a pile of unprotected dried salted fish at the back.Yet Segal's remains my number one destination for food shopping because it is dirt cheap and i usually save between 20 an 40% of my normal grocery bill, and they have a large variety of organic and vegetarian products.if you can't find an item, just ask a clerk: they will move the three rows of boxes that are in front of your desired item or tell you they're out of "x" today.have fun shopping at Segal's!
4	boo ya, this place is great for anyone on a budget and is a conscious social shopper. Most of the stuff is local, including the fish at the back, smells overpowers the place but it is a local fave and I give props to anyone who doesn't forget who they are. I like getting fresh veggies, cereal, sandwich goods and milk for cheap at this market.
4	If you haven't heard about it here, it was probably through a friend of a freind of a friend... and now you're hooked!  Hidden on St.Laurent right before Duluth and with no sign, Segal's is a great place for the budget shopper.  I checked out this place once and is now my go-to place for affordable vegetarian and alternative products.  Everything that will cost you a fortune in a supermarket, you can get here for a killer deal!  Think tofu, tempeh, cereals and granola's, alternative milks, spices, spreads, organic breads...they have everything, including a selection of Portugese products loyal to the nature of the neighbourhood.   Produce is so-so...gotta be there on the right day.  Hidden find: they receive fresh vegan muffins and treats on tuesdays, and they only cost from 1-2$  Be sure not to piss off the big-guy...you know who I'm talking about!  Put your carriage away!
4	This market was a great find for us, as we transition to living in the lower plateau! its a relief to find a well-stocked market with basics + an eclectic range of organic and healthy grocery options, in walking distance. Big, big step up from the depanneurs; cheaper and more convenient than the big chain supermarkets. As others have noted, segals carries lots of vegetables and prices are pretty good. The quality of the vegetables can be variable - you have to go in with an eye to what looks good, rather than counting on something you saw last time, being in stock and fresh-looking.
5	The fruits and veggies aren't the freshest, and you don't have a huge selection of meats to choose from ... but aside from that, this place is the cheapest place for groceries - organic, local stuff at "no-name" prices. It's incredible. I miss this joint so much.
4	There are no other grocery stores that give me what I need for this level of price. Segals is crowed, has it's own aroma and gives off the impression of disorganization, however this is only skin deep. The staff can help you find what you need due to them a) having a lot of random sought after products and b) having a lot of staff. Their products are not only limited to run of the mill but also a good amount of organic products. Hummus, almond milk and dried fish, they have it all......except bags, bring your on bag (byob)
4	It's busy has heck; trying to buy milk here on a Saturday while navigating the narrow aisles past shopping carts and baskets is like a game of stand-up Twister. Come at quieter times so you can soak in the organic hippie / poor portugese vibe and poke into all the corners to see what bizarre foods you might find. The prices are super cheap, but watch the expiry dates and age of the produce because you might not have long to eat it. Their stock rolls over fast and they're likely to be out of something you're looking for, so expect to make do.The asian market further up St Laurent is a good alternative if you don't feel like pushing your way through the crowds at Segal's.
3	Once you get over the smell of dried fish, the crazy disorganization of the store, the dirty floors, and the crowded isles, you'll enjoy shopping at this place because the prices are generally very low. That being said, I'm sure this place is in violation of some major health code violations and there are certain items that I categorically would not buy from here because I question how the food has been stored. Ex; you'll often see items like yogurt sitting in boxes in the middle of an aisle not inside an refrigerator. The first time I went in here it was a bit of a nightmare, and I remember seeing a toddler crawling around on the floor of the produce aisle in puddles of dirty water while produce literally rolled around on the floor with him. Between that and the smell of the dried fish that sits in the back of the store, I was ready to leave pretty much immediately. Other customer's are audibly and visibly exasperated by the state of chaos that the store is perpetually in. If you go on a busy evening when people are hitting the store on the way home from work, this place is likely to give even the most mellow person an anxiety attack.Again - how has this place not been cited for health code violations? Does Health Canada do its shopping here too and not want to shut it down so they can save some money?
