4	Helpful employees, good deals, exactly what you'd expect from Lowes.
4	Very clean store compared to it's competitor! Very helpful staff and seem to always want to help you. Came in today for some artificial grass for our new puppy. In and out fairly quickly.
4	I really like this Lowe's and it's at a convenient location for us. The employees here are incredibly helpful. Our dishwasher was leaking and the gentleman helping us was able to tell exactly what the problem was and how to fix it. We were really impressed!!! Will be back again!
4	Always good customers service even though sometimes it might take a minute or two to find someone to help you. Store is clean and they have a good selection.
5	I always have amazing service here. The other day I have 4 associates in a matter of 20 minutes ask if I needed help. While I only needed help once to find something, the person didn't just say "It is on aisle..." They walked me over to the item and helped with with the different options. It is really nice to get that kind of custmer service. I find the prices and selection here great and the staff super friendly.
1	I was so disappointed in my shopping experience this last weekend, or should I say my LACK of shopping experience.  My husband and I were in the market for two main purchases, track lighting and carpet.  We spent at least 15 minutes in the track lighting section and needed some help, but never saw any employees.  We then went over to the carpet section.  We were looking to replace our carpet in the living room and we were ready to make a decision.  We spent approximately 30 minutes in this area and even had a carpet picked out that we really like, but again we never saw any employees in this area either.  I heard other customer complaining as well.  Finally we abandon the few items we'd pick out to purchase and drove over to Home Depot.  They were awesome and ended up getting our business.
1	... I have never been in a hardware store with employees who were way more interested in standing around talking to each other rather than helping customers. When we finally got someone's attention they acted annoyed and were so unhelpful. Will not be coming in this store again.
5	Got our new frig delivered today- the guys were great & informative about our purchase... Lowes never disappoints!!
1	Customer service sucked today. Stood there for 10 minutes waiting for someone for help. Someone else gets my money today.
