5	Accidentally discovered this place while making my weekly pilgrimage to the downtown bars. Best hot dogs in town by a comfortable margin. Not sure what makes them so good, but it's the best way to start a night of drinking (or without)Pros: Affordable, Delicious, Conveniently locatedCons: Can't stop at just one
5	I can always count on Cheffini's to conquor my drunken states of hunger! Hot Dog with the Everything and Pineapple sauce! MMM ! $3!!!
5	You're downtown, you're probably drunk, you're definitely hungry, and the hot dogs have potato chips on them. Seriously though, best hot dog around for $3.
4	Cheffinis little hot dog cart is just past the Fremont Street Experience in Downtown Las Vegas. It is the perfect place for a late night rendezvous to stuff a hot weiner between your buns, get it all juiced up with extras, and then open your mouth wide and take as much as you can in to your oral orifice! You may briefly have a gag reflex, but after you relax those throat muscles, the hot splash of flavors in your mouth after a  night of imbibing in adult beverages at the several nearby saloons is like an orgasm in your mouth. You can ask for everything on it, and there is no extra charge, even for pineapples, to sweeten up the flavors gushing in your pie hole. Just a $3 hand job in the mouth. Hard to beat it!
4	Never underestimate the value of good drunk food. Even when not drunk, Cheffinis Hot Dogs are on point. The guy knows how to construct a delicious dog. Just go for "everything on it" and you'll be set. You can even ask for all the fixings to be put underneath the dog. Thanks to the guy ahead of me in line for ordering it that way; I followed suit. It seems like a less messy way to get all that mouth watering goodness into your, well, mouth.
5	If you're near downtown Las Vegas and looking for something fun to eat, Cheffini's hot dog cart is unbeatable. The guy running the cart is affable and entertaining, and the dogs are spot-on. There are a number of non-traditional topping available for the dogs (potato chips, anyone), so you can customize to your stomach's content. Plus, the clientele provides a show of its own.Great place!
5	He's always next to Vanguard/Insert Coins/Beauty Bar.  Great place for the guy to set up shop.  The same guy always works the cart.  And listen, I like a good dog down my throat like every other red blooded American male, but this place is different.  It's amazing.  Cheffini's Colombian self has saved my girlfriend's and my own stomach from total hangover city multiple times.  Their dogs are bomb, quick, convenient, and $3.  Yeah, I said it.  $3.  That's it, you cheap b@stards.  Seriously.  $3 for a jumbo dog with bacon, chips, ketschup, jalapenos, cheese, and mustard?  And I won't have a massive hangover tomorrow?  Sure.  Sign me up for two.  Hell, if I wasn't stuck at home right now, I'd go try and find this cat.
4	big fan.  BRILLIANT  business model--working 11pm-3am selling quality weiners to drunks.   like the $1 beverages.  $3 for such dogs is more than reasonable.   interesting tasty buns the like i've never had before.  good meat.  nice staff.   i went 2 nites in a row & got 2 dogs each visit & used the newspaper machine as a tabletop.   i wondered what the tasty crunchy topping was; potato chip bits !
3	I'm a fan of East Fremont bars, I'm a fan of Cheffini's Hot Dog Stand. It's definitely a way to curb the hunger whilst venturing between the Griffin, Beauty Bar and various other spots that we congregate at! If you get down to that area.. have a Cheffini dog :]
5	Cheffinis hot dogs are similar to what you found outside of nightclubs in Mexico. There you will find them with cruched-up potato chips or ruffles con queso, beans, pico de gallo, crema, avocado, nacho cheese sauce, the works.These are definitely a must-try before or after hitting the local downtown bars!
5	My wife and I had these hot dogs last night. Absolutely delicious!!!!! All toppings r free, n nicely presented for a 3.00 hot dog. Definitely a must for late night munchies
4	Cheap deliciousness on the corner of Happy and Hungry! After the Commonwealth, the boyfriend and I crossed the street to the stand open nightly at 11PM for some street vendor food to sober us up. These hot dogs are not the normal mustard, ketchup, relish kind of dogs. Instead, you get crushed chips and I love having chips in my sammy, so why not my hot dogs too! At only $3 a dog, it's a freaking steal for a Vegas budget. The sign tells you all the toppings the guy has and you can pick and choose what you want and don't want. I got everything but onions. Also, after seeing a fellow Yelper's photo, I asked to have my toppings under my hot dog. It works! Much less messier than had it been over the hot dog. You can also get a can of soda for $1. Hidden gem of downtown Las Vegas, for sure.
4	Yum little hot dog stand in East Fremont.There really isn't any steak n eggs or pho downtown so what to do the hipsters eat when they get out of Griffin? Hot dogs with chips on them.Cheffinis is a small stand located across the street from Commonwealth... but I guess it can move around cause well it is on wheels after all. Its the defintion of small business: the owner (I think he is Cheffini) makes a hot dog while his wife/gf/sister/whoknows takes the cash and helps out. Its really cute, and hopefully not Incestious.  Hot dogs are about 3 bux and they come with all kinds of toppings! You can get avocado, cheese, potato chips, and all sorts of random stuff on em. And it all tastes good! I am not a big hot dog fan or any penis shaped food but the toppings and novelty of the whole place make a stop by worth it!
5	5 stars baby. Not because it's fine dining..because its the BEST hot dog /fixins you will ever eat! I'm a anti processed meat, health food nut & even I cannot deny my mouth the amazing mix of warm/cold/crunchy/soft yumminess of cheffinis!
5	This is the best hot dog in town! I mean $3 bucks is well worth paying for just one bite off one of these dogs! Specially if u put all topping plus pineapple dressing, that's a must! Very cool spot across from "common wealth" good spot to stop by before or after having a couple of drinks around Fremont. Also very convenient for all of us that don't carry cash and use plastic all the time they accept that also. These dogs rule! Keep it up!
4	Awesome hot dog stand in the middle of down town. If you are down town jumping from one joint to another this is a great spot to get a cheap snack if you're hungry? My favorite topping was definitely the crumbled potato chips.. Absolutely genius, who knew adding potato chips to a hot dog could add so much texture/crunch, flavor and all that jazz. The guy working the stand is pretty quick and friendly. Although I was a fan, Ryan M. was not but maybe that's because he's from Jersey?
5	Best Hot Dogs in town so far!!! You guys should open a Hot Dog truck soon that way you guys can open early!!!
5	I honestly can't talk this place up enough.The first time I had the dogs, I'll admit - I was a little tipsy. Who isn't when you're hanging around Downtown that late at night? I may not have even tasted the hot dog the first time I had one, because I ate it so quickly. I was quick to declare this the "Best Hot Dog in Town" because honestly, everything tastes amazing when you're drunk, right?It took a sober encounter with these "dirty water dogs" (just a nickname, don't let it throw you) before I could really, genuinely appreciate how good they are. My advice is to get them with everything on 'em; you'll really get the entire range of flavors and textures that way. These days, I really can't leave the stand with only one. At $3, they are definitely a steal.There's only one downer I can think of; while Cheffini *does* accept credit/debit cards using the Square app on his phone, it'll cost you an extra dollar to pay that way. I get that it's a convenience--and I'm always willing to pay an extra dollar to a small business--but it's an unpleasant surprise if you're not ready for it.
5	Cheffini is a Genius. Thats what. Giving the people what they need.Delicious Hotdogs, creative toppings, Dirt Cheap, and Right where you need them. On the fremont (east) street.  Its 2am, the last band just finished up at the beauty bar, you're spinning from the drinks. Eat a couple before going to bed and you wont have a hangover in the morning. **results may vary.
3	Hm, guess I'm the only one who just wasn't blown away by this place...I've had Cheffinis bookmarked for quite a while and after walking by where it's supposed to be at about 11:30, I was pretty disappointed to see they were nowhere to be found. So, we decided to head over to Wayfarer and grab a drink. Luckily, he pulled the cart out not to long after that and we were down there faster than you can say "hot dog". Ok, maybe not, but we ran out of that bar quick haha.Thanks to Mark for reading all the reviews beforehand, he knew to order one with everything underneath the dog itself. That's definitely the best way to go about it if you're ordering everything or a lot of toppings. It keeps everything from falling off the top and you can get nice balanced bite...from what I hear. For whatever reason, I got a super dry bun that crumbled and fell apart making me feed the ground anyway.Now, I'm usually not a fan of boiled dogs and I believe that's what these are. The flavor is decent but it has that watery feel to it. They are pretty good size dogs though which is appreciated. Who likes a tiny dog in a giant bun?The topping selection is pretty extensive with everything from the standard ketchup, mustard and onions to some unusual stuff like potato chips, mozzarella cheese and a pineapple sauce. With it loaded up, the flavor is surprisingly good. Even though mine was falling apart a bit, I was able to see how you can get spicy, sweet, salty and even crunchy all in one bite. Was it the best hot dog I've ever had? No, but I bet when you're about to pass out from hours of alcohol abuse, they taste amazing! I won't go out of my way to come back but next time I'm downtown, I'll definitely grab one and bring cash to save a $1 on the credit card fee!
4	After an evening of happy hour libations, a friend and I decided to walk the streets of Fremont, in hopes of finding a place to eat at. After our first attempt at Le Thai and discovering they were closed, we turned around near The Beat and discovered this gem of a stand. For $3, you get a Cheffinis dog and the opportunity to customize your dog from a list of 5 toppings and 5 dressings. For my visit, I got chopped tomatoes, chopped red onions, potato chips, ketchup and mayonnaise. Starting with the ketchup/mayo combo, it brought a sweet/salty and creamy element. The onions and tomatoes added that refreshing note to the dog but the chips were the kicker. The potato chips is definitely the star of the show. That salty-crunchy element brings the dog to life! You definitely must try it!I heard the stand is available from Wednesday to Saturday, but I could be wrong. Hours of operation say it closes at 3:00am but it's actually once he runs out of dogs, so get there quickly. If you're looking to break up your evening full of drinks, or looking for a  post meal, check this place out. It's a small stand, yet not very hard to miss!
1	I assume these guys want to go out of business. Staying open and servicing customers til your restaurant closes is a good way to show you care about staying in business. 45 min before your close time and the kitchen is closed and all chairs stacked on the tables. No visible pricing. Guy at the window clearly displeased at having to do work. Nice place ya got there. Hope the hot dog stand is on Fremont cus I'd rather eat from street food vendors who give a crap where their next dollar can be made.
5	Had this last night and it was fantastic! My boyfriend has not stopped talking about it. I thought the prices were fair for what you get which is a gourmet hotdog. I had the El Mexicano and did everything but lick the paper clean. My boyfriend had the grandfather and it was also great. This is the place to eat hotdogs in Vegas. We also got to meet the owner and the chief. They were very nice and told us how they got started. Best late night food I have had in awhile :)
4	This was a fantastic, fresh tasting snack in the middle of a hot day.  I got to sample both the El Mexicano and the Crunchy and enjoyed them both.  Both hot dogs had a lot going on, but the components played well together and were done well.
5	Ordered their El Mexicano Hot Dog, it got all kinds of goodies on it, plus it's bacon wrapped!! Their sauce tasted super good, I m a fan after my first bite!! Definitely will be back!!
4	This place has the best hot dogs a little pricey, but you can get anything you can imagine on your hot dog. If your in the mood for hot dogs you should def check this place out.
4	So you will have to bear with me on this one. I tried Cheffinis around 2am after having quite a few adult beverages ;). So my taste and my memory may have been a bit altered. When I got up to the hotdog stand I had no idea they had all these different options! I just asked for one with everything, the guy working the stand was super fast and super nice considering he had to deal with theses tipsy girls asking him a bunch of silly questions. I have no idea what all was on my hotdog, I think some potato chips, the pineapple sauce and an array of different toppings. My taste buds were pleasantly surprised! I was not expecting all that. And as an extra bonus he took credit cards yay!!! Ill definitely have to try this stand again when I am in a better state of mind, so I can really appreciate it.
4	Great dogs prepared just right with any kind of toppings you want and the sauce is excellent.   The milk shakes are prepared perfectly with just the right amount of whipped cream and a cherry.
5	Found this spot by accident!  And I love it!  They have some amazing beer at this spot.  So the cashier, let us taste a couple of them.  She was so cool.  She's from out in the bush of Alaska, so she had some stories for us!  So I can't even spell or pronounce the name of the beer we liked.  And we ordered there chili dog!  If you don't like spicy/hot stuff, don't get the chilly dog, cause it had some kick!
4	Have not had a hot dog yet but I love the chocolate coffee espresso milkshake!  Cool pretty chick works during day shift!  Super friendly!  Puts her heart into making U a nee drink to dip!
5	Perhaps one of the best hot dogs I've ever had. I ordered one of their holiday specials: one Cheffini style hot dog with choice between a PBR or a soft drink for $7. The hot dog itself was amazing. The flavor was consistent throughout and the hot dog was cooked just right. The toppings that already come with it are great as well and adds to the aesthetic of the product.
4	My husband and mom really liked this place! My mom commented on the creativity of the hotdogs. My husband found the hotdogs very tasty. The only real seating is outdoors, though, so be prepared for the weather.
