3	I had an evening event at Lake Las Vegas and we both booked treatments at the promotional rate during Spa Week. Highly recommend Kwang and Shere for massages and Angela, aesthetician. With your spa treatment, you get privileges at the hotel's terrific outdoor resort pool and the spa's gym as well -- an added bonus. We'd go back because the treatments we received were among the best we've had - anywhere. Just terrific. Highly skilled staff.  Very friendly and helpful staff in the lounges, too. We also love the property and Lake Las Vegas itself. For someone visiting the spa with a significant other:  Some of the spas we have visited in the past feature co-ed lounges and other areas. This one does not -- other than the gym and outdoor pool.  No bottled water - just cups -- even in the gym from what I could tell. I drink a ton of water when I run on the treadmills, so if I came back I'd bring my own bottle to refill. Also, if you like to read and relax before or after your spa treatment -- as I do -- women should bring their own book or magazine. It's possible I missed them, but on the day I visited, no magazines in the women's lounge, although my husband said the men's lounge had magazines, etc. -- even a TV.  And sauna but no steam room that we noticed on either the men's or women's side.  Again -  had a great experience and highly recommend this spa.   I noticed they have a special promotion for massages during the week, too.
3	Decided to try out the spa during spa week. The massage was $50 so I thought why not get out of Vegas for a few hours for a spa day.When I walked in I was greeted by a guy who basically showed me the door to the woman's locker room. He did get me some sandals tho. So I go in and find a locker and there is a nice fluffy robe folded up. Thankfully I am familiar with the locks on the lockers or I would have been SOL. So I wander around checking the place out and finally run into a woman who works there..who come to find out will be my masseuse later. I ask..where is the jacuzzi? She says there is no jacuzzi..only a DRY sauna. Well ok..thats weird. So what to do for 45 min? Took a shower, sat in sauna for a bit..thats kinda lame. So went and grabbed my magazine I brought and chilled out in the waiting room. They had iced & hot tea,iced water some fruit and Kashi bars. I was so glad when Marilyn called my name. She did a very nice massage. But not the best one I have had.After I went and hung out poolside and enjoyed the amazing view. The view deserves 5 stars that's for sure. Loews is a beautiful hotel on a great piece of property but they really need to step up the spa area in order to keep up with the times.I fear Loews will be next on the chopping block since Lake Las Vegas is seriously turning into a ghost town..a really beautiful ghost town.I will not go back to this spa since there are soooo many better ones in Vegas.
2	After several visits, 2 stars is all I can justify.I take major points off for not having a steam room and only having a very small sauna.  The toiletries available in the locker room are good quality and they have many items available for use, so that's a plus.  Overall, it's just a very small / boutique spa.So given that the spa amenities are few in quantity, I really expect high-caliber services.  The massage I had started off really well - great pressure and very thorough, but the masseuse started trying to sell me on flying her out to be the masseuse for my company - and she wouldn't let the issue die.  I tried to just say "uh huh, yeah, they probably won't go for that" or gently let her know I wasn't interested, but she kept bringing it up, which was anything but relaxing, and I'm sure not allowed by the spa/hotel management.  It was incredibly unprofessional and really ruined my experience.My latest mani/pedi was fairly pleasant and only included one attempted up-sell to paraffin, which I probably could have used, but really didn't feel like doing.  Conversation was good and minimal - I'm not a big talker during spa treatments - I'm there to relax, not really to try to make small talk.  The mani/pedi area is in the same room as the hair salon, and although there didn't appear to be many clients in the styling area, I overheard a lot of chit chat among the stylists, and unfortunately overheard them gossiping about the group that I was a part of who would be trickling in and out that afternoon as well as several local residents.  Luckily they didn't say anything too negative, but as a client, I'd really rather think that they aren't talking about me after I leave.  That's really unprofessional, especially since they all knew I was sitting right there - they clearly didn't know I was a part of the group they were talking about or that I'm a family member of a resident, but still, I find it quite rude and incredibly inappropriate.  As far as the quality of my mani/pedi, it was fair.  I felt rushed to pick out my colors since the manicurist was standing right next to me waiting on me to decide.  The rushed feeling didn't stop there since I have bubbles in my polish on several fingers.  I can't figure it out since I was the ONLY person in the salon getting any nail treatments done.  Anyway, for the price and caliber of the salon, I wish I'd had a better experience.  I could pay half the price at home and get the same result - sadly.
5	We did a groupon deal and 4 of us had a wonderful half day of pampering. We had no idea it was so far from vegas, but the service we recieved was great. We had massages and manicures and pedicures for 3 woman and one guy who was a good sport. Staff was kind and inviting and was willing to chat or just let you enjoy the quiet and unwind. We all left feeling so much better we wished we were back this week.
