4	Want just a quick bite to eat at the nearest Casino to the LVMS (Las Vegas Motor Speedway),  then this place will fill you right up. We didn't feel like cooking on Friday night, after a long day of drinkin' beer and participating in red-neck activities, and yes I mean NASCAR qualifying. After a lot of car wrecks and a lot of Bud Light, nothing sounds better then a Patty Melt with a mound of fries!We piled 11 of us into a van and headed north to the Cafe. (yes I said 11) We got there and we got seated immediately, and they accommodated the handicapped person in our group. She was prompt in taking our order. The only thing is my younger brother wanted a Sierra Nevada Pale Ale and she said " sure I can bring you a Sierra Mist." Looks like he was in for another Bud Light.Salads were served quickly as were the drinks. Not to long for the food, which is good because there were several drunk people, and you know how they get when they are hungry. Everything you could think of was ordered from Steaks, to Shrimp, to Patty Melts. Everything was good, & there were no grumblings about how their food was cooked.They cleaned up quickly brought us another round of beers, and let us take our time to pay the bill. Good thing is when you are all done you can either go right back to gambling, as most of us did, or you can go bowling, whatever tickles your fancy!
3	The staff/service was good.The food, well, let's just say you get what you pay for. The food is edible-lol-but not that great. I ordered their Steak and Lobster dinner, which was reasonable priced at $13.99. I ordered it medium rare as any quality steak should be. Seeing as how it wasn't a quality steak, the proper medium rare cooking would've helped make it a more tender, juicy, steak...However, it was over cooked..The beers however, were nice and refreshing!! LolIf you want a low priced decent meal, than this might be your spot. LolAnother thing to note, is that the place is cool cuz it has a few things..Bowling, billiards, a fast food joint with pizza and hot dogs etc..
