5	My daughters love this place.  The instructors are very patient.  Parking lot is crowded on Saturday so plan accordingly.
4	My daughter takes both gymnastics and dance (ballet/tap combo) at Desert Gymcats and she loves it.  Granted, she is only 3 1/2 and it is still fun, fun, fun at this age while they learn the basics. But, I have watched the older kids and definitely see why regional and national champions have emerged from training here.  The instructors are amazing and the facility is state of the art.
5	My son has been taking gymnastics here since he was 9 months old in the free baby gym class. Then he started mini kittens at 16 months, and is currently 2 years old and in the kittens class twice a week. It is very structured and organized... The first 15 minutes is obstacle courses utilizing the balance beams, barre, vault and rings. The second 15 minutes is running, skipping and hopping in circles to fun music and learning how to freeze, followed by stretching our legs. Then they all play with toys, balls, tunnels, hoops etc. The last 15 minutes is my sons favorite part of class! That's when they get to jump on the huge trampoline or run on the long narrow trampoline, or jump into the giant foam pit and try to climb out. It is a "mommy-and-me" style class until they are three years old and out of diapers, so I can't give a review on that age range yet. But from my observations, it looks like the coaches are well trained and take their jobs seriously where safety is important and progress is being made, but still keeping it fun for the kids.
1	This is where I encountered the rudest woman I have ever experienced - I think she must be the owner because if she had a boss, she would have been fired a long time ago. She is never in a good mood, never friendly and if there was a gym closer, we'd go. I'll be glad when the kids don't want to do gym any more - this place is the worst. Fortunately, and I don't know how, she has great instructors. Just a miserable experience whenever she is there.
4	My kids love this place! They are always excited to come here. The instructors are amazing and really know what they are doing.  Tuition is reasonable as well.  The only reason why I gave this a 4 star instead of 5 is because the waiting room is crowded.  Very crowded.  Often parents are standing.  Hallways are crowded.  I definitely recommend sending your little ones here
