5	Now, this one doesn't really fit into any category, because it is a nonprofit org, but I really felt compelled to put a review in for it to help get the word out.  This is such a great way to volunteer your time, and they are always in need of Bigs, especially men.  The boys waiting for a Big sometimes have to wait for a year just to get one, and with some of these children, they need someone now.If you have a few extra hours a month, a tiny bit of your time can help do wonders for a child.  I have been a Big since February, and it is such a rewarding experience.  For privacy issues, I won't go into the details of my Little, but she is a really great girl.  She gets excited every time we talk and she makes as much of a difference in my life as I do hers.Some of the things we have done together:mini golfDave and Bustersmovies (lots)Ceramic painting at As You WishChildren's Literacy Luncheon - AZ Kidney FoundationAnd we've also just hung out at my house and talked.  There are so many kids out there who just need someone to talk to, and to show them that they are special and important.  If you have the time and energy, I don't think that there is a better place that you could spend it.
5	They're the oldest, largest and most effective youth mentoring organization in the United States. Research has shown that positive relationships between "Littles" and their "Bigs" have a direct and measurable impact on children's lives. They are more confident in school, better able to get along with their families and peers, and less likely to begin using alcohol and drugs.One of the reasons this program works so well is the dedication of the matchmakers. Their extensive interview and screening process ensures the best matches possible, which are based on similar backgrounds, interests and hobbies. What I've discovered during my time as a Big is that I get as much out of our relationship as my Little. He's an awesome kid that just needs a male role model in his life, and I am proud to be the one to be able to provide it. We've bowled, gone to the Arizona Science Center, the planetarium, watched movies, sometimes we just hang out and play video games.The commitment they ask for is just a few hours two to four times a month, for a minimum of 6 months. Of course the longer the better - many matches remain friends for life.Ok, now I'm going to wrap up by quoting Whitney Houston in a Yelp review (which a fellow Yelper bet me a Cornish Pasty I'd never be able to find a justifiable reason for doing so)... "I believe the children are our future. Teach them well and let them lead the way. Show them all the beauty they possess inside." Ha! I'll take that Eggplant Parmesan Pasty now, thanks.
2	I guess that the organization overall is good, but wonder why one of the most needy populations in all of our communities is dismissed by this organization.  I am referring to kids who are in foster or kin placements through CPS.  I know we have tried multiple times to get children hooked up with a big brother or sister only to be told that CPS kids are too transient with their case managers and placements so they wont work with them.  Who cares if the case manager changes, if the kid is in a placement that wants to have them stay there for years or even adopt them.  Case mangers and social workers at schools and hospitals change but they will set those kids up with Bigs.  I don't understand why this company wont work with Arizona CPS kids.  Kids who have been removed from their parents are more at need of a positive mentor than any other population, yet are pushed aside by VBB-BS.  And when you ask for a reason why all you get is the "they are transient" story. And I guess the kid with the single parent who cant keep a job is stable?They appear to me to be an example of "get the good PR", and forget the rest.
1	I do not think that location should decide if you get a big brother/ sister or not.  It's sad that where I live there's a 3 year waiting list.  Also the fact that they would not even allow the child to be brought to the volunteer to make it convenient is just ridiculous.  The gentleman even said that would be taking the volunteer away from someone in that community, as if the one we're in was not worthy.  Sad, especially for the children that really need the program.
