5	I frequent Sallys on a semi regular basis. I've been shoping at thier stores for years, and return for a very good reason. First, I am always pleased with the service at thier stores.  The girls that work here are always friendly and helpful.  They greet me when I walk in.  Thier service is stellar.  I always feel like they want to help me.I almost always have questions when I shop here.  Sometimes its for hair care, sometimes its for skin care, sometimes Im just here to look.  The staff here always makes me feel comfortable and they take the time to help me.  I like that.  They listen to what I am looking for, and are always on the ball with great product reccomendations.This trip, I was in for some foot care.  Having lived out here for 3 years now, my heels have really taken a beating from the heat and dry enviroment.  I wont go into details, but basically my heels are dry, cracked and its painful.  Ive tried most of the foot products out there to no avail.I told the girl I was looking for a quality foot care product to help heal and treat the dry skin that I have. She immediately walked me over to her foot products and showed me the cream that would help me best.  She also told me that they have a special going where I get free treatment socks with the specialty creme.  I checked it out, and it was a substantial savings!I like it here not only becuase of the top notch service, BUT, you get salon quality products at a substainial savings.  I dig that.  I really do not shop at salons, and would rather shop here.They carry most name brands here at a savings.  They want the public to shop here.  So, next time you want salon grade, name brand care, and excellent customer service, please go to Sallys.  I am always satisfied with them and and thier stores, and have not had a bad experience yet.
5	Came here today to get everything I needed to dye my hair and the associate that helped was great! I've only dyed my hair once and it was almost a year ago so I needed a refresher on everything.  She helped me pick out everything I needed, gave me some great info and tips, and now I feel confident on dying my own hair again!
5	Super friendly service at this location and it's never busy. I don't know why every single Sally's that I have been to, I have always been given attitude by the workers. There was only one girl working but she was friendly and didn't hover. The whole strip mall is a great place to do your errands.
