1	A friend took me here once for karaoke -- apparently it goes pretty late.  We had a couple of drinks and sang a song.  Meh.  Fast forward a year, and now I live only a few miles from this place.  We go to do karaoke again, and I'm sure we had had a few drinks, but the bouncer kept having problems with us.  First my girlfriend was trying to sit on my lap, and that wasn't kosher with him.  Then he had some issue with my roommate and wanted to fight.  The bouncer!  I mean come on!  Haven't been back since.
3	I don't know why I'm a fan of karaoke, it's kind of a guilty pleasure of mine.  There's a couple songs that I can do o.k. but sometimes I suck and it's embarrassing.  I think I just like the attention, and when you pick the right song and sound o.k. it's a good way to get some kudos.Other than that the place is a little "Oakey"  but I'm from Detroit, so I'm used to that.  If you gotta get your karaoke on this is definitely the place to  do it.
3	Viva Calico Jack's!At least that is what the sign says on the stage where, on a nightly basis, one can jump up behind the mic and sing their favorite song.  I especially enjoy this because, for the most part, the place is empty early in the evening.  One can embarass themselves quite easily without having a hundred witnesses.  To be honest, later on it really doesn't matter either because either YOU are too drunk to care or everyone else is too drunk to not laugh, clap and dance like an idiot.  Trust me, it'll happen here.The karoake is fun, the food is decent and the beer is what you'd expect, though a bit overpriced.  If you live near Suncoast Casino, this is fairly convenient for you to get to, otherwise you're best bet is to find something closer to your home.  Don't go out of your way.
3	When I was living in Vegas I wanted to visit this place for two reasons. The first was that it was named Calico Jack's, and I thought of pirates, and the second was because I had a neighbor who hooked up with someone in the bathroom here one night and got 86'd from the place. I just couldn't resist taking a look.Unfortunately, it wasn't as exciting as I expected. My wife and I stopped in for brunch and then came back again the same day at night. During the mid-day it's quiet, so if you're looking for a spot to chill, this is it, but at night it can get a decent crowd going.While you can smoke in the bar section, like most of the places in Vegas that have a separate Restaurant area, you have to deal with two separate bills; one for food and one for drinks. This created a problem for us, since my wife and I lived so close we were pretty inebriated when we left and forgot to pay our food bill. However, they didn't notice and we didn't go back, so maybe it wasn't a problem after all.
4	Some friends wanted to get together for some drinks and Karoake... Calico Jacks.  Perfect since I enjoy a good local bar and yes...I am that guy who can't sing but loves Karoake. The place is always packed on weekends.  It is super low key. Everyone seems to have a good time, the patrons seem to be easy going.  It is a pretty good sized joint; bar area with tables, and a dance area with plenty of tables.  The karaoake DJ's and sound system are decent - and it helps to throw a couple of dollars in their tip jar.  We pretty much just have a good time - Dancin a little, being dumb, drinking, and singing.  I love following up after a few people took some 90's love ballads way to seriously.  Some chick belts out "wind beneath my wings" all serious like and then I go up there and sing Clarence Carter "Strokin."  That's good stuff!BTW - anyone who does Karoake - That's my song.
1	Hello,  this review is on the karaoke portion of the bar. I've been there a few times and though the waitresses are nice, they are slow. Very slow. If you are a regular patron to Calico Jack's then you are sure to get drinks and sing. A group of us showed up around 10 and by 1 we still hadn't had our 2-5 minutes of fame. However, some of the regulars had their chance multiple times!The thing about karaoke is you never know when ur turn is up, unless of course the dj knows how to run a proper rotation! If there is a curse word in a song, you should be able to sing it. Calico Jack's
4	This Place has its good days and its bad days. Ive been coming here for about 8 years and ive seen how everything can go from Great to Horrible.. Though one area of this place has yet to be challanged... Karaoke.     If ur looking for just a bar or kick back w/ friends spot then alot of places can compete with this. But when it Comes to Karaoke, nothings better. If u wanna get up to sing a ton of times and dont care about the audience then come in on a wed or thur. but if like me, a full crowd excites and energizes you, come on a friday. Ive seen some of the best Singers here alot, the sound system is perfect, Large and constantly growing Song Book, great dance floor for a bar and as big of a stage as ur gonna get at a bar. You cant ask for anything else when it comes to Karaoke.      The rules, the service, the drink prices can be bad sometimes. U may love the food, u may hate it. But like i said.. Ive been to tons of Karaoke bars/shows out here and only a few had everything this place has to offer.. Most of those places are done now and they drinks were way over priced.
1	Ok! First things first, the service here at calico jacks is horrible!! They have so sense of customer service. They had me wait 20 minutes just for a menu! Shame, shame. Now they host karaoke nights,which I actually love. The host are wild and fun! Love it. So here is my suggestion, if your hungry or need a drink, please please get it somewhere else. They will have you waiting!!
2	This is a follow up review... My first visit was awesome however my second visit was a complete and utter disaster to say the least...So was a friday night and feeling some karaoke and decided to return to Calico Jack's for a night of drinking and singing. This particular visit sucked, four hour wait to sing one song. I am NOT exagerrating when I say us two girls waited four freakin hours just to sing one song. Yes the place is packed on Friday night's but damn this was ridiculous.Not a place for karaoke singers to go if really wanting to have multiple opportunities to sing. Is best left for those who strictly watch.I will not be returning, the KJ's are shady, regulars have priority and go up multiple times while newbies wait wait and wait. Also they accommodate the folks who are filling their tip jar, no fat tippy no singy is what we evaluated. It's just wrong and how convenient that people walking in the door turned in song request with cash and were called up fairly quickly. We got there at 9pm, did not sing until 1:30 that is some BS! I am all about tipping the KJ after a song but not going to pay them to get called. There is also a one drink minimum and the drinks are NOT cheap.The two fat fux running this karaoke operation for Calico Jack's need to learn some karaoke etiquette.I am a big girl but this place is like a trailor park bbw festival, no thanks!Never again, don't waste your time!The two stars I gave is for their great food, yummy burgers and fries.I have nothing against Calico Jack's as a bar, just the two KJ's they have contracted to run the karaoke. GO TO DINO'S INSTEAD FOR THE BEST  KARAOKE EVER-SEE MY REVIEW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!My visit this time was like night and day from last time, there is no recovering from this visit, even though the first time was good.
2	I am the Yelper of my crew and my peeps all laughed when I told them I was going to Yelp this place. They knew it was coming after our experience on Friday night. I was amazed to find several reviews that I could have written myself. Everything you've read on other reviews are true. Service is friendly, but slow. Food is all deep fried bar food. For dessert, I got a brownie sundae (it was a cheat-day. LOL) and the brownie was even freezer-burned, but she still charged me for it though. LOL. When you're into karaoke, you go to karaoke bars for ... wait for it ... karaoke. DUH! Slow service and junk food are tolerable if not expected. Karaoke is supposed to be a way to keep patrons coming back on a regular basis and create a following, but from the reviews, you would expect that Calico Jacks could be so much more successful if they made some easy changes. First let me say that the setup is pimp. There is a separate room designated as a permanent karaoke facility with a stage, dance floor and DJ area. No setup required! There's no reason why this nightly event (3 nights a week) shouldn't start on time... which gets me to my first suggestion. 1. Start karaoke on time. Last Friday, we were the first ones there promptly at 9pm and karaoke didn't start until after 10. We were there until 1am and I only sang twice (But the second time didn't count. It was a duet that I didn't even submit.) while a handful of people - regulars maybe - went multiple times. It doesn't make sense to punish the first-comers by making them wait over an hour to get started. 2. If a tip gets you a Fast Pass, make it known. The first time I was there, I gave the guy a $5, but I still waited another hour. From the reviews, some think this is a secret brotherhood bribe, but this could simply be a misunderstanding. There's no shame in making money. In Hawaii, it's standard to pay the DJ for each song you sing. They, however, let everyone know ahead of time. 3. Don't play favorites. There's no better way to piss karaoke goers off than to pick favorites out to sing several times. This is a business, not a private party for all of your friends. We were there from 9pm - 1am and I only sang one song that I had submitted while others sang several times. REALLY? I only counted 40-50 people in the place. 4. Skip the dance party. For about 10 minutes every hour these guys have a dance party & put the karaoke on hold. I was totally confused. I have a table of 10 people, most of whom came to sing, now have to wait to watch a drunk-fest dance party. I could see if the karaoke DJs needed a break, but they stayed at the DJ booth DJ-ing the dance party. My suggestion is to choose dance songs that karaoke signers have submitted & make THAT the dance portion of the show. All that being said, Calico Jack's had a chance to have a regular party of 10 come every Friday and spend at least $500. Since our PT's changed their karaoke schedule, we need to find a new place to land on Friday nights. I'm afraid that until some things change, we won't be back to partake in karaoke at Calico Jack's.
1	I had been to Calico Jacks several times for the Karaoke. I have a blast each and every time I go. So I figured I better give the restaurant a try. The restaurant has an old west style to it. It isn't super fancy by any means, but it is O.K. After I seated myself I was quickly assisted. My waitperson was also the bartender. So it was amazing how fast she came to help me. She was very kind and friendly. I ordered a salad to start and it came out quickly. There was nothing special about the salad. But it wasn't bad either. Just a nondescript salad. For my main course I ordered their ribs with a side of fries and corn. I started with the corn. It was a quarter ear and it was steaming on the plate. I buttered and salted it and picked it up to eat. My first few bite were very good. But when I rotated the ear to eat more the rest of the ear was cold. The taste was still good, but I expect to at least get a warm ear of corn. One of the rows was almost cold enough to still be considered frozen.Then I started on the fries and ribs. The fries were O.K. They were beer battered. The beer batter had no flavor to it at all. It just gave the fries an extra crunch to them. All-in-all not worth the extra calories. The fries were just fries. The taste was alright but there was no zing to them. The best part of the meal was the ribs. They were very tender and had a lot of flavor. The only thing you need to watch out for is the B.B.Q. Sauce. It is slathered on so thick there is just as much of it as the ribs. The taste of the sauce was very good. You could taste the combination of the tomatoes, brown sugar, and vinegar for acidity. It was a good combination, just way to thick.To wash everything down I had an Iced Tea. I'm not sure of the brand, but it had a good tea flavor like a good tea. I am very glad I did have something to wash everything down. This was not the most pleasant meal I have ever had, but it sure was not the worst. I did get good service, but I think I will stick to the Karaoke next time. I think you should do the same.
4	My friends & I love karaoke at this place . The dancing at midnight is fun, the drinks are strong, & the menu isn't bad . I live right next door to this place but never went until about 6 months ago . Glad we did . Great place to go if you're on a budget but wanting to get out of the house .
5	We hosted a bachelorette party here a while back and we had so much fun! The management and staff were so awesome, very nice people. This place rocks, which is why i've been going there for years. The service was excellent and the karaoke was hilarious, some people are awesome and some people are horrible, it takes guts to get up there so we loved it no matter what. (Its amazing what confidence a few drinks will give you) We danced, we sang, we drank all night. I would do it again here in a heartbeat.
1	This place is a dump!!  I like holes in the wall but, this place is just a sh*t hole!  The service is unwelcoming and the place stinks!  I'd rather drink my whiskey from a homeless man's boot.  If you're there for karaoke, don't be surprised if your hair turns grey before you get your song played because it takes hours! Maybe even days. The bathroom is disgusting, makes me think about that kitchen. And ladies, be careful! That bathroom is a haven for bar fights. There are a lot of angry, drunk women who come through that door. And don't the think the tiny, mad, irrational doorman/security is there to help.  My advice is that if you get harassed by a drunken, trashy chick, and you probably will,  just handle it yourself, if you know what I mean. Don't try and be diplomatic and discuss it with that mad, little guy. Because he is clearly only there to distrubute his mad (maybe supposed to be tough but, just looks like he has bad gas 24/7) face and aggravate you more.  Way to run an establishment, Mr. Gordon.  You have bartenders who clearly hate their jobs (except one of the lady bartenders) and a disgruntled ex-mall cop who greets your patrons with a frown and makes your experience annoying right from the get go by checking your ID like you're trying to get into the White House. It's Calico Jacks, not the Ritz.
3	The service was less than fabulous but the karaoke was fabulous! Also, the drinks were pretty cheap. All in all - it was OK.
4	Sorry for the 2 stars earlier!Mea culpa!
3	Cute little neighborhood bar. However, not so little, in fact deceiving at first glance. The place has a small restaurant seating area, tables, and then another open seating sectioned off with a dance floor, full stage, KAREOKE! And DJ booth. Definitely didn't see that coming from the street corner. Me and my main squeeze decided to stop by late friday night, since the bar is walking distance from our home. We were greeted by security, the place was not empty and not packed. We ordered two drinks (bud lights) = $10. Eeehh I think a little over priced. No drink or food specials. And if you sat near the dance floor there was a drink minimum. We didn't stay long but I can imagine that if we were a little toasty and had some friends with us then MAYBE we would have enjoyed it. Not going to make this my new neighborhood spot, but it wasn't all that bad.
1	I've been here several times for karaoke. The place really isn't any fun. I only go here occasionally for karaoke because it's fairly close to where I live.If you decide to visit this place for karaoke you'll do a lot more listening than singing. You'll be lucky to get up to sing once every hour.Drinks are overpriced and the service is very slow.If you wanna go to watch others sing they do have some good regulars. Who, by the way, you'll notice get up to sing a lot more than you do. The food is also decent.If you're looking for a great place to sing karaoke look elsewhere.
3	Look...after 15 years of coincidentally stopping in here for a drink or weekend karaoke, nothing has changed.  It's still a staple of Las Vegas old school dive bar memorabilia.The atmosphere is dated, but authentic.  The dusty old bottles of liquor are expected.  The circa 70's music adds to the ambiance.  This is what the local bar always has and will be in Vegas or any city.Gotta love the old school folks.  Great little bar, and good people in there.
3	If you are not a regular, service can be hit or miss.  What I love about this place is that it is a close, casual bar to summerlin.  When I want a "bar burger" or "bar wings" and a PBR and watch a game in a traditional bar enviornment, this is the place I go.My father-in-law enjoys it too as he is a smoker and you can smoke in the bar area.This place is nothing fancy, and that's exactly what is supposed to be.
3	Decent bar located about a mile and a half from my house. The bartenders are a hit or a miss if you aren't a regular, but they are generally okay. Food is not bad, and neither is the price. I wouldn't rave about it, but when you're hungry and want a drink, not a bad place to visit.
1	This was one of the worst experiences I have ever had. A huge group of girls came here for a bachelorette party, and we were treated so poorly it was disgusting. The place was dirty, outdated, and just not fun. If you are not a regular, you are basically worthless there. Our server was just fine, but when we wanted a pitcher of water, the manager had to step in cut us off. Really? No more water? Geez. We waited an hour to sing our first song because the DJ kept putting the regulars in front of us. There is no book for you to sift through, you just pick one at random. I would have thought they'd have wanted our business; we could have bought a lot of drinks and had a good time but they were too busy protecting their regulars and giving crappy service to us.
4	Very good bar food and inexpensive prices. But even the "smoke free" dining is a little smokey. But NOT as bad as the bar side for sure. Their fried zucchini is a favorite of my wife and I and even with a few beers added to the burger and fries our bill has always been under $40. We moved out of the general area but we still make it back every now and again for the food.
1	This place is probably the worst karaoke bar I have ever been too. One of my friends was having birthday party here and I have never been so I was looking forward to checking it out.The layout is a very large open room with dive bar decor. On one end is a large karaoke stage, a small dance floor with tables around it and a karaoke DJ booth. The other end is a large square shaped bar with video poker machines. In between, there are a number of tables that can occupy medium to large parties.Right from the start I was accosted by the bouncer who was rude and unfriendly, he demanded our IDs and then rolled his eyes when my girlfriend took 30 seconds to get  her ID out if her purse. The next thing I found out about the establishment is that there are a lot of rules that aren't posted anywhere. After the rude bouncer got done checking our IDs he ran over and grabbed  one of my other friends and told him you can't wear beanies in here; hats you can wear sure but no beanies. I mean really!?! It was 48 degrees outside. Alright whatever a rude bouncer, no big deal I'll just order a drink, that will be easy at a bar right? Wrong! The bar was semi-busy but the bartenders hold spots at the bar for their regulars even if they aren't there. So after a bartender actually yelled at me for standing in front of an empty video machine, I had to order standing about 2 feet back from the bar.... Their alcohol selections are standard. It took about 10 minutes for 2 cocktails and then bartender wouldn't give me my card back until I signed the receipt... My friends found a dirty table next to a lady who literally passed out at her table. The one cocktail waitress never stopped at our table and ignored us when we tried to get her attention.We put in 4 or 5 songs we wanted to sing and 2 of us got to sing in 4 hours. We mostly just got to watch the regulars go up and sing again and again.I left feeling so disgusted and angry. I will NEVER come back here! Unless you like being treated like a second class citizen, don't come here either.
2	So far I have to agree with all other patrons. I ordered a dirty martini, it tasted like olive water, and when I asked for an upgraded Gin and was willing to pay the difference I was told there was nothing we can do there are 50 cameras watching me. ATTENTION MANAGERS/OWNERS you should allow your bartenders some flexibility here. It's a gaming establishment, don't you comp drinks all day long? I am not a 21 year old wanting to sample a bunch of liquor for free. On the karaoke note - if you get here early you will get to sing.   Thanks to you karaoke DJ for making the night
1	I have lived in Las Vegas for about 37 years and have patronized Calico Jack's for about 7 yrs now. I have given it so many chances because of the convenience of location and the nice sized dance floor. If you want to go to a place where the bartenders think that they run the place then by all means go to Calico's. My final straw was this past weekend when I threw a suprise birthday party for a friend and my husband. There was probably 15 people in the whole place along with the 15 that were in my party. We probably spent about $700 totaling food and alcohol.My two brothers and myself had went to the bar to order some drinks only to have the bartender walk away leaving us sitting there after we had ordered our drinks. His reason was because my brother ask for Hennesey, which he said that they did not have. My brother simply stated that he had never been to a bar that didn't have Hennesy in his 37 yrs of living in Las Vegas. The bartender informed him that he has worked at several Las Vegas bars that do not carry Hennesy. My other brother asked if there were another Conacs that we could get and the bartender informed him of another which my brother agreed to order then the bartender turned and left the bar area. We sat there for about 5 minutes then realized he was not coming back. At first I thought it was a racial thing because Hennesy is known to be a black man's drink but now that I thought about it, it was just the bartender. The bartenders there have always been terrible and shame on me for going back. My mistake but that will be my last time going to Calico Jack's.
1	I ll start by saying my wife is a long regular of this bar we live right around the corner which is very convenient, EVERYTIME we go there service is great waitresses are great the guy behind the bar is a complete @sshole his name is Chad I walked up to ask for change he said I needed to move to the Side ever so rudely so I did then I asked wow the last time I was here u were hella cool! He said well UR being a smart ASS REALLY BRO! I don't care what kinda a day UR having treat UR customers right and with respect don't be a douche bag, that's why UR ratings are so bad, Cassie was great,I work in customer service, you don't treat people like crap!and  Chad Your service and respect sucks!
2	I've been there twice, months ago, and very recently.  The first visit was pretty good, the host taking the slips said I was late, but he'd get me in, (I had a tip in hand when I inquired), so no problem there.  Somewhat of a meat market dive, which is fine, and I'll stop there.  Most recently, I went on a very slow weekend night.  I had something scheduled later, but had time to drop in.  The host said it would be over an hour before I sang (no tip), and I sat at the bar, killing time on my smartphone, and killing $20 on video poker.  The bartender was very quick and cordial at first, but twice cleaned up my drink when I went to the restroom.  There were only 5 or 6 people seated at the bar at the time, so that was curious.    I waited and waited, and was never called, as I heard familiar voices repeatedly singing.  Finally after 2+ hours, I went up, and had to remind the KJ that I had not performed, and it had been 2 hours+.  I got up in a couple of songs, and sang to an almost -empty house.  I left immediately, only to find that my late date had fallen asleep, so I had to postpone that!  I like the system, though, and will give the place one more chance.  My star rating may change after one more visit.
1	Sucks you have to give 1 star. Don't waste your money. It was dead when myself and 2 friends walked in. Machines are tight as hell. I ordered wings. Got 8 wings for $8.95 no no no don't wait your money!!!! I lost $80 on the machine and still have a $20 tap. BS !!!! My friend got charged for his soda when he was playing too. Not drinking alcohol at all!! Don't don't don't waste your money!!!!!!
5	Very good Karaoke place the music is good and you can get drinks and food.  Good atmosphere !!
4	We always come here and have nice meals and a few drinks and always had good service.
1	I was approached by a bartender of Calico's, Keith, who informed me that he was not racist and that he didn't appreciate that I wrote on Yelp a comment saying that the bartenders of Calico's are. He told me to go back on Yelp and write that he is NOT racist. I didn't recall writing it at the time he mentioned it but now that I have a chance to look at it, not under the influence of alcohol, (talk about a buzz kill) I am proud to say that YES I did write it. I never said that the bartenders are racist. As a matter of fact, if you read it, it says the opposite. Anne is probably the best bartender there. There are others that are good also but I really cannot remember their names. I tried to make my comment general but I see that is not going to work so I will just name names. Chad is the bartender that gives customers a hard time and he is the bartender that walked away from my brothers and me at the bar. Keith was the bartender that finally took our drink order.Yes, I have always had issues at Calico Jack's and I still went there anyway because of my friends.This is crazy... I hope this makes you happy Keith. Again shame on me for going back there...the things I do for other people.
1	!!!!!Calico Jack's Owner "Mike" thinks his Karaoke guests are all losers and Hooligans. He said this recently and now Karaoke is "permanently cancelled" as of December 27, 2014. Some of the best bartenders and staff have also quit because of the Owners ridiculous attitude and prejudice behavior. The bartenders and waitresses that are left are extremely unprofessional and rude. Virtually every time you go, you will be forced to wait for ten plus minutes before you can even order drinks or food. They just don't care about you. No welcome greetings, no smiles, no I will be right there to take your order, nothing. Karaoke was there for 23 years but is gone now and forever. NO MORE ENTERTAINMENT OR FUN AT CALICO JACK'S!!! You will need to search for good times and atmosphere somewhere else. Extremely sad news. It is now a horrible place to hold any parties or events. They will lose a great and faithful crowd much like happened to Tommy Rockers.
