5	Holy S, what do I see on my last Vegas trip to Vegas???  Dunkin Donut joints!!!  Hells yeah- brings me back to my childhood memories of having *BOTH* Dunkin Donuts AND Krispy Kreme just 5 minutes away from one another (ok, so Clarkson, GA wasn't all that hood when I was growing up).The b/f pointed out one DD that in the process of being built on Sahara, over by the Egg and I.  I immediately went back to our hotel room to look up all the local locations.  On our way to one of them, we ended up seeing this one on the side of the road and I screamed "pull over" despite the b/f's protests that the one we were looking for was farther down the road.This one is shiny and looks pretty darn new.  The place was bright and cheerful and I was super excited to get my box of munchkins.  To my dismay, they only had chocolate glazed munchkins :(  That's ok, 5 stars are still warranted b/c they had my other favorites: powdered filled with chocolate creme, butter nut, and the coffee roll.  Plus I figured the bigger donuts would keep better since I was going to be eating them when I was back in CA.I noticed that they had a sign by the butter nut that said something like "Back again" and I was like WTF?!  Had they taken it off their menu at one point?  You see, I only get Dunkin Donuts when I travel to places like the O'Hare airport, NYC, Boston, and ATL.  Cali is too obsessed w/ Krispy Kreme that they have NO IDEA what they are missing out on.To me the diff b/w the two is this: you get KK's original glazed donuts, and for everything else (inc. coffee), you go to DD.  Plain and simple.Well, I had to top off my order w/ a Dunkaccino.  That shit was damn tasty- the perfect mix of coffee and cocoa.  Ok, so I make this mix in the office for myself sometimes.  Still, the DD version was much better!I ate the remaining donuts the next day, and the day after (they smelled so good on the ride back to CA that I had to eat one).  They were still heavenly.  Surprised me b/c I wasn't sure how fresh the batch of donuts were since I stopped in at about 12:30 in the afternoon.  Anyway, I need to go back to Vegas and buy BOXES of them next time.  Hopefully they freeze well or I'll be having donuts for B, L, and D.All I could think about after eating my donuts was DD and whether I'd be able to open them up in CA.  Of course, after seeing their franchise requirements, there's no way I'd be able to qualify, but still, I'd be happy to visit other folks' franchises in CA.  So c'mon ppl, start opening them up!!!And when I'm back in Vegas, I think I'll visit Raising Cane's a couple of doors down from DD.  Donuts, fried chicken fingers, and sweet tea- what an awesome meal, right?  Sigh.  That's the Southern food that I miss.
5	dunkin donuts = best friend & boyfriend
3	This was my first time having a Dunkin'. It was good, not the best doughnut I've ever had but good stuff overall.The coffee was the real star of this visit. I had it iced and with an extra shot. I was hungover and this place help tremendously. It really made my day.I'd return if I ever go back to the outlets.
1	We don't have Dunkin Donuts in Utah, so when I was in Vegas I had to try one! I had had a disappointing visit to Krispy Kreme the day before, So I was hoping that Dunkin would blow me away. It was a horrific excuse for a donut. I got a glazed donut with a chocolate frosting, and it had NO flavor to speak of. All it was was empty calories. This made my disappointing experience at Krispy Kreme look like a 5 star restaurant! I guess I know why Utah doesn't have a Dunkin Donuts!
3	3.5 stars. I'm not a big donut fan, but ever since I've been pregnant, I've got these cravings (not strange things, just things I don't usually eat, type thing) and thinking about food is a normal thing to me, right now. I prefer asian or filipino pastries and desserts. Last weekend, we came to the outlet center, and we almost left before coming here. My husband wanted an iced coffee drink and I wanted a bear claw. The location is off to the side (sometimes these places/stores are forgotten because it's not the main aisle of walking). There is no designated place to eat here, because it's a walk-up place and more of a to-go place for a drink or a snack. (I remember getting donut holes the last time we were here, which were pretty good, from what I remember.) The guy told my husband that the apple fritter was pretty much the same thing as a bear claw. OK, it's similar, but it's not the same thing, one has almonds. But it was pretty good, actually, fresh and doughy. It had lots of apple filling inside and cinnamon flavor, mmm. It was kind of a stretched round shape. I didn't want to overdo it, so I had it over the course of a couple days. If I overeat in my pregnant state, I feel sick. My husband really liked his iced coffee drink, I had a sip, it was really good. I am sure we will stop by here again when we are in the area shopping.
3	I was so excited to find that there's a Dunkin Donuts in Las Vegas. I thought they were only in the East Coast.I give them 2 stars for service:I didn't want to go through drive-thru because I was unsure what I wanted. I came here at 7:49pm and on the sign it states that they close at 8pm. When I tried opening the door, it was closed. The worker didn't mind me as I was struggling to open the door. I decided to knock on the window and asked if they were closed. The employee told me to go through drive thru.I ordered frozen ice tea and 5 chocolate munchkins. The employee was rushing me, but I'm assuming it's because they were closing. Despite the time, an employee should still provide great customer service even if they're closing. I wasn't done ordering and she immediately said please pull up. Once I told her I wasn't done ordering, she started giving me attitude. Dunkin Donuts as a whole - I give them 4 stars:- Love the munchkins- But hate the frozen ice tea (tasted like the smell of Lysol, ew!).I would still go to Dunkin Donuts, just not this one. Terrible service!
3	Not a big fan of DD donuts, but I do like their breakfast sandwiches from time to time. They have a large variety and this location has a drive thru, so that's an even bigger bonus. The parking for the outlets is always a nightmare, so I am not a big fan of having to maneuver my way around it to get here, but if you come early the location is a lot more convenient.
1	The worst possible team ever!!!3 guys behind the counter, nobody knows what's there.It's not even a problem with the mixed up orders, the main problem is the TIME!!!To wait 27 minutes for a coffee having in front of you 4 people with REGULAR orders,  I think this clearly show the level of professionalism of that team!One guy at the counter, another one's doing the coffee and another one back in the kitchen should be so simple! Not for this guys!Be aware, if you're not willing to sacrifice your precious time in line, you should better go at the one across the parking lot, those guys they know what they're doing blazing fast!Thank you!
1	I love Dunkin Donuts but will reconsider visiting this location.  We ordered dozen donuts & a chicken salad croissant, donuts were prepared quickly, but We waited for 10min & decide to ask what's taking so long for the chicken salad croissant? They said "ohhh we need to get that ready for you" in less than two minutes it was done & the girl giving to my husband asked (with an attitude) "is there anything else I can get for you or is that it?" don't know what was really implied by that but we just said no and left.
4	Even at 1:00pm in the afternoon, Dunkin's breakfast sandwich was a good break from shopping. Hit the spot.  Friendly, even gave me a large garbage bag for my smaller items.  Thanks Dunkin Donuts!
2	What is with the Dunkin Donuts in Las Vegas?Poor customer service, the registers don't work (both times, months apart!), and I'm left wondering what I'm charged is even remotely close to the correct amount.Been here twice, both times the registers aren't working for whatever reason.  We order a couple of things, then I'm charged some random amount.  Never get a receipt because the registers aren't working.The worker making the drinks had to ask the person taking the orders what my order was several times.  What's so hard about a large iced tea with raspberry?Come on Dunkin Donuts, work on the customer service!
1	Whenever I go off my maps to find this location it isn't there. Not good maps. I think this location needs to be adjusted.
1	One star for the yummy donut holes.  My experience here today 10.21.14 was so dull and gloomy as the lady who rang me up.  I didn't catch her name but she has a Marilyn Monroe piercing above lip, has red/orange curly hair.  She did not greet me whatsoever!  She didn't even ask what she can get for me, just looked at me and I assumed she was waiting for me to order.I ordered 25 donut holes.  Then the one and only time I heard her say a word to me (I kid you not) was to ask if I wanted all 3 flavors (original, chocolate and pumpkin).  I ordered 20 original and 5 pumpkin.As she hands me the box, she didn't even verbally tell me how much my total was but I handed her my card (I can see the total in front of me, but cashiers usually tell me lol).  After she rang me up, she handed me my card and receipt and that was it.  She looked at me stoicly.  No "thank you" or "have a great day" - which I don't mind but come on!!!!  Dunkin donuts is such a big name, employees like her kills it.  I understand people have bad days or may be going through something, but don't take it out on your customers.  Put on a fake smile and do your damn job.  Working at dunkin donuts as a cashier involves customer service.  Home girl had NONE!!!!!!!
1	Terrible service.  Waited in 15 min. One two people served. The line did not move.  Two workers. Don't know what the problem was. Our party of 5 left after the 15min. Pretty sad.By far the worst Dunkin Donuts in the Valley.
