3	This place is pretty silly but fun, I suppose - fake 'rustic' decor and staff dressed in what look like sack-cloth shirts. It's more of a cow byre look than a potting shed, though! It's not somewhere I'd go all the time but it's in a good spot, and the food looks good.
4	The last time I was in this building it was someone else's pop-up location.  Suffice to say this is no pop up, and they're here to stay.  The make over is a unique take on shabby chic, but it's clear there's been nothing shabby about the budget.Food fusion is the menu - with an emphasis on spicing up the simplest of things and making them into hot little numbers.  The onion bah-gees - accompanied by onion rings - is a dish that's definitely for onion lovers.I'm a lover of quips and quirks. Hence the chalked up sign with an arrow pointing to "Lavvys" made me chuckle.  The cleanliness made me smile too.  Wash your hands and return to the bar.  It might be the Potting Shed, but there's no emphasis on elderflower and burdock wine, though I wouldn't be surprised to find home-made nettle soup one of these days.  A bit short on the soft drinks front, but no complaints from the beer drinking and cocktail quaffing clientele.If spicy isn't your bag, check out the burgers.  I did, and I'm happy to recommend.  The management tell me they may be spreading their wings, so watch out for a Potting Shed near you.  They're friendly enough - and didn't even bat an eyelid when the lethal combination of paper napkin, candle, and Simon came to it's inevitable climax.  I can confirm, all that garden shed styled interior is completely non-flammable.
3	My first visit to The Potting Shed  was during midweek. Came here on a voucher deal which included "hanging kebabs" and either a schooner (2/3 pint) or a cocktail. The decor reminded me of Hanging Bat, but this place seems to have more space. Same dimly lighted atmosphere, though. You enter through a wooden shed door to a quirkily decorated space with wood, lots of wood and an old piano. Sofas by the windows. We sat here, but went to the upper level to a table, as it started to be a bit chilly.I enjoyed the food. I had a chicken kebab with chips, accompanied by a small pot of melted garlic butter which you drizzle over your kebab. Other kebabs on the menu are beef, king prawn, halloumi and cheese. The food was good and well on flavour, tender chicken pieces - and for me it was quite a portion, I was definitely full afterwards. For drinks I had a 'schooner of Orchard cider' which is a craft cider. The staff were friendly but I felt perhaps they could have been more forthcoming. I would definitely return, though. They have a nice menu with some interesting options and it's been a while since I had a kebab like this!
4	The Potting Shed on Potter Row is a really good place to gape at the details they put in to the ambiance. Reclaimed wood and allotment construction materials are everywhere. The pictures speak for themselves, but I like to add that the designers have done the theme immensely proud! I am pleased to see this place (and more like these) has opened. I serves as an inspiration to others. We were here on a voucher - don't ask me which one.. I use too many to remember. We got to choose from chicken or beef kebab. And a choice of a cocktail or a Schooner of craft draft beerI chose the beef and Anita A. the chicken. To be honest I found the chicken a lot tastier, but the beef was well cooked, though a little lacking on taste. Minor thing is that the place feels drafty, a bit of a chill is there when you sit close to the Windows. I am sure that if the place fills up the combined body heat will nullify that, but when it not busy you will notice it. The service was friendly, knowledgeable and efficient to start with, but a little lacklustre later in the evening. I am still going back as this is quite a place to drink and dine in and I will recommend you to visit when n the neighbourhood.
3	I was looking forward to trying this place for a drink/pint and bar lunch.First of all it is very well done up and a lovely place to go.But the bar arrangement is not the best.  You have to decide from a list of 16 beers/lagers from a black board.  It is difficult to decide as most of the brews are unfamiliar.  My husband was also disappointed in the fact that you could not order a pint...it only serves 2/3 pint.  He said this is the first time he has been in a pub that doesn't serve pints.The food was very average  (which you expect in a pub) but was a bit pricey.Overall ok but could and should do better
4	This is one of the classiest, hipster-ish places in Edinburgh ... The decor is great, very vintage/ bohemian and demonstrates extraordinary attention to detail. Prices are a bit steep, but special cocktails are great! I've never had a problem finding seats, but it's never dead either .
3	I have a love hate for this place.... Pro's- menu is interesting and the food looks great- decor is interesting as are the staff uniforms keepin the gardening theme running through- staff are friendly and knowledgable on the booze they sell- large selection of beers on tap- reminds me of the hanging batCon's- there is no atmosphere even when its really busy- the music was strange everytime I was there. I will be the first to admit my tastes in music are quite specific and I am not expected Pantera, but last time I was there it seemed to be a Drum and base mix. This generally made me restless for the time we spent there. Real ale and break beats seemed some what strange...- We were cleared off a table because it was reserved There was no sign/notice on the table we were just told to move.Once I try the food I am anticipating a new review with an additional star.
4	Aaah this reminds me of my dad's haphazard garden shed.  A quirky collection of garden books sit unevenly along a rustic timber shelf, rough patched up walls, furniture appears to have been flung together in a rough and ready style, plant pots posing as lampshades and hessian sacks line the walls.  I love it!  Themed bar as it's best!  There is a wide range of seating depending on what you're in the mood for. Comfy patched-up couches by the windows; a long bench tables for large groups, plus smaller tables dotted across the split-level rear area for diners. The Potting Shed have a wide range of bevy, but they have really bought into the craft beer craze!  Location wise there are situation in the middle of studentsville, although it does attract a wide range clientele.We went here for a bite to eat, ordered the chicken kebabs (don't worry, it's nothing like what you'd get in a late night kebab shop) with big chips covered in garlic oil.  Service was a bit slow and had finished our drinks by the time our food came.  Yes, they were a bit busy (Friday night) but not many folk were eating.  On arrival I was thinking the kebab looked small and I'd be needing dessert, I was proven wrong!  It was nicely filling.  The rest of the menu is a notch above the standard pub fare.  Other food available includes typical Scottish snacks like haggis and black pudding fritters with chip shop curry sauce.  Or on the other scale you can have classy crispy prawns and oriental salad.Love quirky, thrown together style of this place - I will be back! :)
3	The Potting Shed is a take on the same idea as The Hanging Bat and with that goal in mind it is a success. However like the Hanging Bat the building itself has always had some issues, the Potting Shed hasn't really resolved these...It is a large box of a building with a raised area which seems designed as a sobriety test. If all the tables are full it can be loud, but somehow it never has atmosphere. Despite the bar being large, it isn't suited to standing or sitting by and having a beer. In short it is a little awkward and not really somewhere to stay all night.The reason it gets an A-OK from me is down to the beer selection and helpful staff, hopefully with time the bar can find an atmosphere to match the products and the staff who serve them.
3	The Potting Shed is interesting for its interior design. I find it hard to have a clear opinion on this one as it is not my personal favourite style of a bar. They have a lot of space and it is hard to create a warm atmosphere with as much space and as little windows but I would say they did their best.The menu is interesting but the portions are not exactly big and I am not overly thrilled  by the food I ordered. I would go there for a couple of drinks with friends - if they insist we go there .... sorry.
2	Revisited a few times now since my initial review and I am really not impressed. My previous list of cons still stand.- there is no atmosphere, even when its really busy- the music was strange The reason for dropping a star is due to the service. We have been in when the place is quiet and a busy both times yielded a similiar experience where you cannot get served. First time we were the only people at the bar we had to interupt a couple deeply engaged in discussion to order a drink, which were promptly shoved towards us with disdain and a roll of her eyes. Great, waited for 10 minutes while you chatted each other up and generally ignored us. The other times we have popped in for a quick pint have resulted in similar waits at the bar normally due to 50-60% of the staff actually doing nothing. The bar had people around all talking about what are these other guys were up to and why it takes so long to get served. They were pretty much walking up and down and talking to each other. Previously the staff seemed quite used to the bar and its stock, in recent visits this hasnt been the case. There was issue with knowing that Aspall was Cider recently. Erm... Also this really put me off. They had ran out of pint glasses for some reason, so new boxes of fresh glasses were brought in. These were straight out of the cardboard boxes they are delivered in. The glasses werent washed and were immediately filled and handed to customers. It has been a while since I worked in the bar trade but I was under the impression these need cleaned before being use.The place has so much promise but it reallty doesnt work for me. Plus side - pints are kept well, selection of booze is good, decor is still cool and has been reworked to make the seating more effective. Food wise still not eaten here, but I keep hearing good things.I dont dislike the pub, but I find it a hard place to like.
2	Not great for vegetarians, and definitely no vegan options. The mac cheese is more cheese than anything else
3	I've only visited once, and only for drinks, and found myself torn betwen three and four stars.On the pro side, the staff were incredibly attentive and lovely. We were greeted when we walked in (not common for Friday night in a bar but I'll take it), served by a very friendly bartender, and later visited by a very friendly and understanding waitress who brought us menus so we could have a look at the options but wasn't put out when we decided against ordering.Another pro was the beer selection. In the spirit of the Hanging Bat, their beers (and their ABVs were written up on the wall) and offered sometimes in pints and sometimes in schooners.It's spacious and with a much warmer/friendlier feel than previous pubs at this location, and has loads of tables. When I was there it was full of people without feeing overly busy.All pros so far.The cons were found in the menu which didn't look terribly exciting to me - though again as I didn't eat I probably can't judge on that factor.The decor is pretty annoying, with the cookie cutter "rustic" look that someone decided was oh so fashionable and has resulted in every new opening being fitted with wood panneling and tungsten lights. The low low low were the toilets. So smelly that you were treated to a real slap in the face when you approached them, I don't know how anyone could sit near them and eat.  It was the mens, though the ladies wasn't exactly pristine, and honestly you would think the space had no actual toilets in it and the men just pished all over the floor. Based on the fact that this was Friday night at around 6:30 (eg, not exactly 1am after hours of heavy drunken use), it really makes me question how well the toilets has been cleaned (ever) which of course leaves to wonder about the state of the kitchen. But maybe that's just me. So, really good venue for a group, good selection of beers, good ambiance. Bring smelling salts to get you through the toilet experience and possibly consider eating elsewhere for hygene purposes.
4	Listen out good folks of Edinburgh, if you have not yet discovered the Potting shed then go along tonight. It kicked off a good while ago and having had food there again recently...it's still good.Go for locally brewed beer, or love their small awesome light bites, coffee or cupcakes. Is kinda themed but not strictly aimed at gardeners named Ted.Sometimes your favourite place from home is a comfy spot in a bar like the potting shed. Overall it's seemed fairly quiet before 6pm the day myself and partner were in.We tried the homely tomato soup, awkward to handle prawns, skinny fries from a tin mug, barney's rye beer, coffee and cupcake and we were both filled up nicely thanks to the PS.How great is it to have original places in town you can chill out in; don't you just love it?
