5	this bakery is great! Tanya and her team created beautiful and delicious cakes for my wedding in 2007. I didn't want one or 2 big ones,(though they do these too-the first time i ever went to the bakery a couple was there tasting cake) but several different kinds, and they used wildflowers as decoration. they were fantastic.i have also had lunch at the bakery, they serve breakfast too. the bread and cookies are great, as is the soup. high quality yummy bakery stuff!highly recommended!
5	Beyond scrumptious sandwiches, breakfast specials and baked goods, this is the place to go for any occasion cakes in Madison. I have binged on many over the years, and did the same for my wedding cake. Tanya made a three-tiered cake with chocolate-dark chocolate-raspberries, vanilla cake-whipped cream-strawberries, and marble-chocolate mousse layers. Since I lack self control we also got a back room Sacher Torte cake (almond-dark chocolate-raspberries). I did a fair amount of cake tasting in Madison and Chicago and this is as good as it gets. Guests concurred; I got many "this is the best cake I have ever had" comments. Book early since they usually only do a cake a week... this is classier, fresher and smaller than a wedding industry cake factory type of place.
3	Yum!  Great fresh baked goods in the Fitchburg hood.
4	If you're never in Fitchburg, you would probably never even know this place exists. It's in a strip mall behind the Walgreen's at PD and Fish Hatchery, tucked between a Pizza Hut and the UPS Store. But don't let the odd location fool you. It's definitely worth the drive, even if you have no other reason to venture to that part of town.I met a friend here for lunch when I moved to Madison about 2 years ago, and it's been love ever since. The sandwiches are so fresh, made with bread from their own bakery. The white chicken chili is fantastic. And the baked goods are to die for. Seriously. Angels sing while you're looking at their displays. If we need a cake for a special occasion, this is where we go to get it.
1	I've been here several times- either to get lunch or to pick up goods to go.  While the baked goods are fine, at each visit, I've been just flat-out shocked by the rudeness of the service.  The kicker is that I called to order a cake, but you know, if you won't even answer the phone professionally, I just don't have it in me anymore to excuse you.  I'll bake it myself...with love.
4	Best freakin' cupcakes I've ever had!  An excellent selection of unique cupcakes, and really awesomely decorated cookies.  The Mufaleta sandwich is tasty as well.  The folks have always been pretty friendly.
5	This is a real treasure in Madison.  Their bakery is superb and the prices are appropriate to the high quality of baking that is presented here.  When we found this place we were astonished.   We once bought a birthday cake for a large party.  Great price and everyone raved at how delicious it was.  They serve edible art.  They can really create some beautiful items for your cookies, cakes or deserts.  Their bread is very good too.
4	If you are looking for the perfect piece of Rugelach.....you will find it at The Rolling Pin. The cakes are yummy, and the black and white cookies are as good as the ones I used to get in New York. I order all my special occasion cakes here.
4	Ordered a cheesecake here recently.  It was very good but not a cheesecake in the sense we are used to.   It wasn't the sort of thick style like Cheesecake Factory but sort of whipped up and light.  It was beautifully decorated and we enjoyed it but it was different from what we expected.   Staff could be friendlier.  They often seem preoccupied.
1	COMPLETELY UNPROFESSIONAL OWNER!At a recent wedding I attended, the owner delivered a cake that was LEFT leaning and unsecure.  Upon arrival, I encountered her in a altercation with another vendor over the poor quality of her cake.  Actually left the set up, alerting staff that "hope no one bumps this cake, it will fall".... wow.  $1,000 for a cake and you leave it ready to fall.  I saw her screaming at the other vendor and called her an idiot redneck. ALSO threatened to take the cake away!  THEN, also forgot the groom's cake.WOW.  All of this 30 minutes before the bride was to walk in the door.HORRIBLE vendor!  BEWARE!  Have heard great things about her bakery but her WEDDING CAKES are often left leaning, if you read other reviews - and offers NO RESOLUTION to fix it.  UNPROFESSIONAL - BEWARE!
4	Our wedding cake from Rolling Pin was delicious! We had a different flavor for every tier and they had no trouble accommodating that or the design we wanted. I don't like super sugary frosting and theirs was just right. One of the best wedding cakes I've ever eaten!
4	I love the selection of baked goods and breakfast treats for work :)  I've never had lunch or eaten here...someday soon, will have to try it.
5	Love the bakery small place and they know your name after you have been in a couple of times where else can u find that in this day and age great lunches an Saturday breakfast is to die for the cakes are amazing and they have about 15 different soups that are made from scratch  and frozen in quart size makes dinner easy after a long day at work
2	We've never eaten breakfast or lunch here, and given the multiple bad reviews regarding wedding cakes, I'd never order one here.  Thank goodness I'm not in the market for a wedding cake!  I was however, in the market for a custom birthday cake so I did end up ordering one from here.  The lady who took my order was kind of standoffish, so I really had to turn up the charm to warm her up.  Once we got past that awkwardness she was much less caustic, and we even ended up buying goodies from the case after ordering the cake.  Fast forward one week when we came to pick up the cake, and they had it ready and waiting for us at the time we specified.  When a different lady brought the cake out, it was in a box, so we only saw the top of it, and we mistakenly took that at face value.  Our error was not checking the writing we had ordered that went on the side of the cake as opposed to the traditional top side.  When we got home we realized the birthday cake had the recipient's name spelled wrong.  Yikes!  We jokingly played off the spelling error, because we just didn't have time to take it back and ask that it be fixed.  Though, I wonder what their response would have been. The taste of the cake was average.  No one seemed incredibly amazed by it.  I'm not entirely sure I would get another one from here again.
1	Can't speak about the quality and taste of the goods they make at Rolling Pin, but boy... do they have rude and unprofessional staff (including the owner). As I was shopping for my wedding cake, and visiting different bakeries - I decided to stop by the Rolling Pin (referred to by my wedding vendor). When I finally made it to the bakery, I asked to talk to someone (just for a few minutes) about the details on ordering a wedding a cake and scheduling a tasting - and all I got in response from the girl by the register is: "The only person who can speak about the wedding cakes is the owner but she is too busy right now." She told me to come back later or call... How is that for treating a prospective customer? Needless to say, I never came back or called back. I am ordering the cake from the Clausen's Bakery in Middleton and very excited for it.
4	Even thought this is a bake shop, I am writing about their tasty breakfast. The first time my boyfriend and I came upon this bakery, it was because we saw a rounder gentleman of the law enforcement variety hop out of his squad car and head in its direction. We knew he wasn't going to UPS, right next door, so we decided to follow him. He was a man on a mission (a food mission).We then learned that they had breakfast AND biscuits and gravy (my test food for any breakfast serving establishment). We had already eaten so we planned to go another day.When we did finally get back to the bakery, it was closed (Sunday), but we were committed to try it another day. The following Saturday, we showed up and I was ready for the some biscuits...but alas, they had run out. B&G happens to be one of there most popular dishes. I decided to then try their waffles (everybody loves waffles) and they were delicious and cooked perfectly. Some whipped cream, some strawberries, it made me feel like Leslie Knope from Parks and Recreation at JJ's Diner. The bf had the eggs Benedict (the special of the day) and the eggs were placed on one of their herb and cheese biscuits. I tried a bite and now I really I can't wait to try their B&G.I thought the environment was nice, since it had a hometown feel. I will be going again because the B&G are calling my name. And if they are sold out...anything else on the menu will be tasty, too.
2	We went he for lunch and had the daily quiche, one Loraine, and one with mushrooms, tomatoes and onions. It tasted okay, but the textures were mushy, the crust bottom mushy, and it came with nothing... No salad, or fruit, just quiche on a plate.  I left feeling heavy with greasy food.  I also tried one of the almond butter cookies. Flour was the main taste.
3	So, let me start by saying this: on the whole, Jewish food is pretty boring...but our baked goods? Well, they're fantastic. So naturally, when I heard that there was a place in Madison (Fitchburg) selling challah, rugalach and black and white cookies? I had to try it.I went there with one of my friends, also a member of the tribe. We got a trio of traditional items--a loaf of challah, a black and white cookie, and a handful of rugalach.SO, how'd it stack up? Eh.A black and white cookie is a really tough cookie to make--the chocolate and white icing shouldn't be too sweet, and the cookie should be soft, but not too dense. The black and white was just okay--the white icing was too sweer and the cookie itself far, far too airy--it should be soft and slightly denser, but the fridge helped! Chocolate icing was perfect.The rugalach wasn't bad, either, but it wasn't anything special. Filling was very good, but the cookie itself was too flaky and not cookie-like enough. Not real rugalach.And finally, the challah...this was where we had problems. The bread itself was delicious, really. Kind of tasted like a breadier version of a croissant. But here's the issue: it clearly had milk in it! No self-respecting Jew would ever bake a loaf of challah with milk--it completely changes the texture and taste. My friend tried it first, and after her first bite, she remarked, "It's definitely goy challah." She was right.Overall, Rolling Pin was decent, but nothing special. It came off to me as a bakery owned by gentiles trying to pretend it was a legitimate Jewish bakery. For that? Three stars.
4	Strawberry shortcake cake may be the best cake I've ever put in my mouth!   So delish and a big hit at a recent party I threw.  Everyone wanted to know where I got it.  The only thing I must say is their prices are a little steep and it would be hard to use them if you needed a large cake!
4	Stopped for lunch with two friends. They had quiche and I had a tuna salad sandwich. All were very good.
5	Friendly staff and amazing things to eat. Their cakes are tasty as well as all their cookies and other sweet treats. One of my favorite things here is their frozen soups. They are delicious and make for a quick easy dinner after their warmed up. I recently had their chicken noodle which was delicious about perfect since I wasn't feeling the best. Tasted like something my mom would make for me. I also bought a pumpkin curry soup but have yet to try that one.
4	Strawberry shortcake cake is totally amazing! Not a cheap cake, you definitely get what you pay for..Always had good luck here and the cake is a party hit!
4	What a great shop full of yummy goodies! I was looking for gingerbread cookies around Madison and hard a difficult time actually finding them. There were plenty of frosted sugar cookies and cut outs at other bakeries but no gingerbread men. I'm glad I found this cute bakery conveniently located in Fitchburg. All the sweets looked amazing and I will defiantly return for more!
