5	If i could give more than five stars I would. This woman can clip and color like no other. The pricing of services is reasonable as you get what you pay for, great service! I have very curly hair and she does not do the typical butcher job that most hairstylists do to hair like mine. The salon space is clean and enviting. The products used are top notch. I have only great things to say about the business and the stylist (Rachel) she is very pleasant and does what "you" want in the best way possible. I would trust my hair with no one else.
5	First time I have been to someone new in over 9yrs. Rachel was awesome, with no idea how I like my hair done it looks great I love my hair cut :) and will definitely go back!!
5	I moved to Scottsdale a few months ago, and was in dire need of a hair cut.  Went on yelp, and found Rachel, the owner & stylist, Love is in the Hair. And what a find!! After my cut & style, I left extremely happy and with reasonable prices, years of experience, and customer service. I think I've found a stylist in Scottsdale and can't wait to schedule my next appointment!
5	I came in to see Rachel after a string of bad hair cuts since relocating here in Arizona, not knowing who to turn to. She did an amazing job, was very knowledgeable, and even offered some tips to style my hair. I was very happy to have her listen to what I wanted, and then be able to execute my vision properly. I had very long hair with layers that were ruined from other stylists, but she fixed it up!! She was a joy to talk to, as we discussed healthy lifestyle topics, yoga, and life. I am glad I found someone I can trust, and someone I can get along with as well. I look forward to future cuts with her!!
5	I too had experienced several really bad stylists recently and was nearly ready to forever stop cutting my hair until I met Rachel.  She definitely  restored my faith.  She didn't make me look like I was trying to be 25 years younger or like a 5 year old that just woke up from a nap.  I showed her a picture of a style that I thought would look good on me and she made it happen for me with my type of hair.  Her studio is one-on-one, you're the only person there. She's not chatting with other stylists or distracted by other customers. We talked about gardening and her children.  Definitely will go back.  I highly recommend her.
5	I bought a groupon, made an appointment, and saw Rachel- the owner and stylist. She gave me exactly the cut and color I wanted! She is definitely very knowledgeable and she is easy to talk to. I left feeling fabulous, and will definitely be back! On top of offering a top-notch service, Rachel's prices and incredibly reasonable. I plan on becoming a regular.
5	Rachel is amazing! She gives me the perfect haircut and color every time. Very meticulous and will listen to exactly what you want. I am extremely happy!! Thank you Rachel!! -Joy
