5	It's not very often that I go into a business that leaves such a great first impression on me that I can't wait to get home and write a review on them. Herb N' Legend is definitely that type of business. Tim, the owner, is so friendly and knowledgeable, I had a wonderful experience in there picking out an electric cigarette for my husband tonight. This is by far one of the best locally owned business I have been into in Phoenix in the 6 years that I have lived here. If you are a smoker or even into incense and organic lip balm, I highly recommend checking this place out.
5	I love Herb'n'Legend!! They are my store, and they've earned the little hearts in my eyes for them. I've been going here since it opened a few years ago, and have kept coming back, even after flirting with other shops. The staff is always really chill and friendly, knowledgeable about products and able to answer any questions you might have. And they're not pushy, which I appreciate. The glassware is top-notch, and I've purchased several pieces of glass over the years - even the fancier, arty pieces are tough and functional. And let me tell you, the arty pieces are gorgeous - I've seen some really cool stuff in there. The prices are more than fair on the glass, though if you want something with no frills and cheap, they'll have something for you that'll work as well. I drop in the most to refill my incense (great selection and I think they get it from a local person), though they have papers, smokes (including cloves!), vaporizers, bags, cases for your glass, stash cans, snacks, tobacco.... I'm sure there's more stuff that I'm forgetting to mention. It's a smaller space but it's organized and makes the most of it.
5	Gotta rate Herb'N'Legend AGAIN today. I've been debating getting an eCig, so when I stopped in to grab some incense and a soda, Tim was super helpful and knowledgeable about the products, and helped me find exactly what I wanted. And instead of shuffling me off once I was sold on something, he gave me a quick and straight-up walk-through on how to use it and care for it, which is something I always appreciate. They have a TON of flavors, I nabbed a clove, chocolate strawberry and *drumroll* Hawaiian Punch. Oh, and it looks like they're retailing Seedless stuff now too. Sweet!I can't stress how awesome this little shop is. I love that feeling of, "HOLY SH*T I GOT EVERYTHING I WANTED" and I get it there every time I've been in.
5	Stopped in here on my way home one day looking for a vaporizer.  The place was clean and well lit, and by the time I started lookinh near the vaporizors some one came over to see if I needed any help. He answered my questions and didn't pressure me or try to upsell me, and steered me away from a couple he didnt think I would enjoy. I'll definitely be back for more hardware if needed!
5	I've been shopping here for quite some time now. I have to say this is one of the most legit shops in town. No tweeker vibe which is a plus! They have great selection of merchandise, and they always have specials and sales which makes the entire experience here that much more enjoyable. Wonderful, friendly and knowledgeable staff are among some of the reasons why I choose this shop over the others.
5	Excellent customer service, ask for Tim or anyone in the store to answer all your question on e cigs and vape. Will definitely return even though we hafta drive from Buckeye
