3	Just another Jack in the Box...It wasn't bad, but it wasn't very memorable. & I know fast food places CAN be memorable.I love their smoothies. YUM!The fries were good. Regular & curly were both crispy & tasty.They got my order right. No mayo, add pickles & onions. It's amazing how many places mess this up.I love the sourdough bread sandwiches but the bread seemed especially greasy this time. Ick all over my hands.Jack, you do rock for being open 24 hours though.
3	Pros: My best friend was here for a visit from VA, where they don't have this fast food restaurant. She has actual cravings for their tacos. She loved them. I haven't eaten here in over 5 years. Ordered the sourdough jack and split it with my sister. Decent. Fast service. Cons: Greasy fast food. I prefer McDonald's fries.
3	Pretty legit Tacos and fast. Went here with my brother and the drive through was quick, although the tacos were greasy but its fast food!
2	It's been quite a while since I have been in a Jack in the Box where it took as long as to get my order as this location the other night.  I have a sneaking suspicion that people in the restaurant are going to be taken care of after the drive thru is handled.  People that work there are nice enough.They could spend a little money sprucing this place up.  It's looking a little worse for wear even for a Jack in the Box.
2	I was so desperate for food and has never eaten at one of these before. I've heard the legendary stories and yes they are legends from a day when food was made with pride.The pros:1.  Price. It's cheap and you get cheap.The cons:1.  Just pretty horrid food in general. I think I crapped out a biscuit the next day due to the shock to my system. My cholesterol might never recover properly. This is what I get for choosing this spot to cheat from my otherwise paleo-like diet. I will write no more.
1	Hamburgers that taste like spam....spam burgers ewwwww I don't know if they changed the meat or what but I will never get a burger from here again after that eeeesh
