5	OMG I love Vince's! Vince, Vinnie, and Mario are all great guys and absolutely trustworthy!They are very warm & polite (so unlike many garages) and will be frank with you on what's happening with your car. They won't fix things you don't need fixed & won't overcharge.Highly recommended!
5	Marne hit the nail on the head! my family has been going to these guys for about 7 or 8 years now.quaility serivce, they fix what is actually broken instead of throwing parts at your car or truck, knowledgable and always a good price.a good way to support a local biz instead of a chain!!!
5	These guys are AWESOME.  I've taken my crappy old beat-up car to them multiple times in the past few years and always received excellent service, honest opinions, and very reasonable prices.  They're also one of the only auto places I've gone to that doesn't talk to me like I'm a complete moron just because I'm female - everyone I've ever talked to there has been respectful, polite, and willing to explain things in however much/little detail I required.  Don't let the somewhat run-down appearance of the place scare you away - Vinny's is the best!
5	I can't speak enough praises about this place. I was traveling between Chicago and Providence and found my car's steering scarily unresponsive to my input. I stayed in Pittsburgh with a friend and spooked when I took it to a place that quoted me over $2000 and a wait time of 3 days (I would have had no place to stay!).I then went to Vince for a 2nd opinion. Vince made me feel right at home and not only was able to fix my car that same day, but he billed me for another service that solved the problem and only costed $800! If you're going somewhere else, you're missing out on supporting a local business that treats you like royalty and will be honest about your options.
5	I second the five-star-only reviews...the staff here are all very friendly, knowledgeable, and accommodating, and the prices are very reasonable.  They gave me a great deal on new tires, and I get all my oil changes done here.  They're pretty speedy, so you can drop your car off for an oil change, walk down to Espresso a Mano for a cup of coffee & read a bit of your book, and they'll give you a call when it's ready!  Plus, they're just interesting people to talk to.
5	Vince's is the best. I've been taking my car here for about a year now. They're always extremely nice and helpful. They always explain everything they are going to do to the car and answer all my questions. The prices are great. They will never try to sell you something that you don't need. They're always extremely accommodating too. Recently I left my car over night to be inspected, but forgot to leave my alarm remote with my key, so they couldn't inspect it the day they were supposed to (the only way they could get the alarm off was by relocking the car and shutting the doors). But Vinnie said it was no problem for them to inspect it if I just brought it back the next day - and they never treated me like I was stupid, for what really was a stupid mistake on my part! Most mechanics probably would have made me reschedule weeks later.I couldn't recommend this place more!
5	Peace of mind is worth a lot, y'know?  I get really edgy whenever the car is doing something it shouldn't because I never know how deep the problem goes.  The radiator on my ol' 97 saturn wagon was leaking, and I was pretty sure the car was going to overheat and burst into flames at the next long red light.  I envisioned taking it to a mechanic, close my eyes and hand over my wallet.  But then a friend recommended Vince by saying "I pretty much let him do whatever he wants to my car."  I thought, what kind of mechanic inspires that kind of trust?  Then I met Vince.  He and his crew know exactly what they're doing and they know exactly what you need.  I didn't have to have an tough conversation about keeping costs down; Vince told me he'd do only what had to be done to get my car running right and back on the road.  But when I came back to pick it up, Vince had been thorough and kind enough to tighten some loose spark plugs which was totally unrelated to the radiator.  The price was more than fair and I was happy to pay it.  I could tell that Vince is a guy who just wants people to have cars that work right and he knows that when you treat people fairly they will come back to you.  It's what I plan to do!
1	I've been using Vince's for about 6 months.  It's true.  They do talk the talk.  I was very impressed with how they spoke to me.  They took the time to explain everything, and told me what issues were the most pressing.  That said, their ability to actually fix a car correctly the first time leaves a lot to be desired.  I first brought my car to them for an inspection.  THREE days and over $800 later, I finally got my car back.  Immediately, I noticed horrible squeaking coming from the back wheels.  Assuming it had something to do with the new parts they had JUST put on, I ignored it for about a month.  When I did take it in, I was told I needed new brake drums.... guess they didn't check that during the inspection?  Again, 2 days and $130 later I'm driving away and notice how decidedly bouncy the ride is.  In addition, my horn is no longer working.I should have never gone back, but they were *so* nice, that I figured it must really be my car.  Recently, like a moron, I took my car back to them.  Among the things I had them look at was the horn.  They charged me $11 to replace a fuse.  $1 for the part, and $10 for labor because he, "had to do a lot of checking to make sure there wasn't a short somewhere."  Imagine my shock when the horn starts blowing by itself after I left.  i was getting middle fingers from fellow motorists the rest of the day.  I called and told Vince to just remove the fuse.  They did, only my door locks stopped working.  Took it back, now the locks work, but the check engine light is on.  Took it back, got a block away and the light is back on.  I called and Vince told me he'd check it out, "at no charge."  I wanted to remind him that he had, in fact, already charged me, but just let it go.  Needless to say, I didn't take it back in.  I can't afford all the repairs I have to make after leaving my car with them.  In short, they talk a good game, but that seems to be the extent of their talent.
5	I first found Vince's on an emergency situation. Note to all readers don't let your inspection and emissions lapse near a cop. I called as soon as they opened and they had me in that very day. They were also more than accommodating in the fact that my paperwork wasn't all in order but since I was able to prove that insurance and registration were current they were able to finagle some magic within the system to get me cleared and through. The check itself was done quickly and thoroughly to boot. When I was told I needed an new part to pass the inspection (exterior mirror, damn hooligans with bats) they told me they would pass me if I paid parts and labor that day as the new mirror needed to be ordered. I completely understand this. If you are going to put your reputation and possibly your state license on the line you need a guarantee I am coming back. What really shocked me was the bill. Emissions, inspection, parts and labor all came to... a hair over $200. I almost felt like I was robbing THEM! When the part was in they called me to inform me promptly and when I was finally able to get my car in the fix was done before I could get back from the quick stop a block away for my daily caffeine fix. Customer service is top of the mark here. These guys do it right. The only thing that might put a visitor off is the fact that since these are hard working guys who work in a primarily open air/open door garage they do smoke. I don't mind because that is one of my own personal vices (sorry mom) but a non smoker might be put off. I say forget the second hand stuff and go anyway cause these guys are tops at providing great work and some of the best customer service I have ever had at a mechanics place. 5 stars all the way.
1	Went there for an auto inspection, only to have them quote me almost $700 for "needed repairs".  I am no car expert, but considering one of their suggestions had been recently replaced, I called foul. Went elsewhere and was passed without issue the same day. They may be good mechanics, but they clearly drum up business with inspections.  I don't appreciate being held hostage.
5	They are all extremely kind and do amazing work. Very impressed at the quality of service and work: I will continue to bring my car here if anything is wrong with it!
