5	This is one of the best japanese curry ive ever had..you gota try it!!
5	I have been driving/searching countless times to neighboring states/cities just to find some good Japanese Curry, after having KABA Curry, I can officially say that this is best Curry there is in LAS VEGAS!!!  The price points are on point with the servings. The staff was great! 10 STARS!!
5	Only reason why I go to Vegas nowadays... Kaba Curry!
5	Freaking delicious! Not too spicy,good portions, so good that we went for seconds and bypassed all the other food trucks. I know what I like, and I like Kaba Curry. Go get some!
5	We had the food at Foody Festival and it is the best curry and rice that I have had anywhere. I read on the Kaba Curry blog website that the spent six months developing the curry and rice and it really shows! The curry and rice is so delicious!
3	Kaba Curry was at the Las Vegas Foodie Fest today and even though it was a hot day I knew I couldn't pass up the chance to them out....It was $5.50 for a medium bowl filled with rice,curry, cheese, corn, one chicken breast strip katsu (Thanks Kaba Curry for using white meat!!) and one piece of Potato croquette- Well, let me clarify the price- $5.50 is for the basic Chicken Katsu, curry sauce and rice- cheese and corn were .50 cents each to add and $1.00 for the potato croquette. So, with all the little add on's it can get pretty pricey.....The amount of food could be more in my opinion....There are other add in's like spinach,pickled baby onions, extra rice ect..I was surprised and disappointed to see that we were only given one piece of a chicken strip - in the picture I thought there was at least 2 pieces.... And $1.00 for a small piece of potato croquette isn't cool either.... -Most potato croquettes are good sized patties- Now onto the taste- Yummy!!! I did enjoy the taste of the curry very much - right amount of spice and I love the little pieces of carrots in there - I love carrots - there should be more carrots!!!!Kaba Curry if you are going to continue using those little bowls them make sure they are filled up so that everyone gets there fill and doesn't leave still hungry cause don't we all hate that???So all in all we did think that Kaba Curry tastes yummy and even though it's hott ass summertime time coming up in Vegas - if you see Kaba Curry out there give them a try cause the curry is yummers....
5	Man I had the Chicken Katsu Kaba Curry with rice, corn and spinach and it was SOOOOOOO good! You sleepin if u aint eatin Kaba Curry! The best i have ever had!
5	I'm actually kind of bummed I tried this because there is nothing quite like it in Seattle and I know I'm going to be craving it all the time! The flavor is spot on! Cute & friendly staff didn't hurt either! When in Vegas, Kaba Curry is a winner!ProsBomb Japanese Curry! ConsLas Vegas
5	I admit. I am not a curry fan at all, but Kaba Curry totally blew me away. I won't spoil it for you all, but I'm glad that I'm one of the privileged customers to know what their secret was! I love their Japanese curry! The thickness is perfect and the flavor is slightly sweet and delicate. Most curry favors I've tasted have that really strong spice and herbal mint taste too it which I can't have too much of and most that I have tasted is more brothy. This curry had a good amount of curry for you to enjoy the flavor without feeling like the spice was taking over your taste buds. Thankfully they were at the Night of the Living Neon event and was super thankful to have finally tried this craze that everyone keeps talking about! The staff was very friendly! They guided me through some suggestive choices. The staff explained that each element or ingredient incorporated into the curry can make a HUGE difference on the taste and experience in your mouth. So, all the more reason to go back for more! I tried the beef curry with corn, then the beef curry with cheese, and then with both. I personally liked the corn. It was a really good element to the curry and the beef. It does combine well with the curry. Their service was on point and have to admit that their cheery and enthusiastic personality and service does reflect the quality of their food as much as their hipster graphic mascot and company colors!If you ask me, what more can you do than to support a bunch of people who dreamed up an amazing concept and food and doing what they can to get this out there! Why hide something truly amazing? It doesn't matter HOW they serve it, WHERE they serve it, or WHAT stand point they are in as far as an establishment. What counts is a person or a group of people coming together as sharing something amazing to the public and letting them experience something good too! THAT'S WHAT A LOCAL BUSINESS IS ABOUT. Service is great. Staff is amazing and hip. Most of all, the food is good enough for seconds! Can't wait to see you guys grow into something bigger! High fives all around!
4	Tried this place out at the filipino festival. I heard some good things so I checked it out. bought the Chicken katsu curry. This place definetely does have some of the best curry i've ever had in my life. The potato croquette that I ordered was nice, hot and smooth potatoes. The rice was well cooked as well. The only thing I didn't like was the chicken katsu was overcooked and dry. But they do have an amazing curry.
5	I tried these guys out at streets a couple of months ago. I'm a big curry fan. I like to eat curry from all countries- india, thailand, malaysia, and of course, Japan. One of my staple meals at home is kare raisu- made with golden curry sauce mix of course!Well kaba beats the pants off the instant kare raisu I make at home. Like, seriously. The sauce is a great consistency- not too thick, not too thin. Rice- perfect cooked. And the chicken katsu- YUM YUM. Seriously, I can't think of a better combination of flavors: plain white rice, the complex curry sauce, and the yummy crunch of fried chicken. My friend who was with me at streats took a bite of my curry, and while she normally only enjoys simple typically american foods, she was pleasantly surprised by Kaba and said "wow! That's really good!"If you ever see these guys at any food truck event, do yourself a favor and try them. they are so delicious.
5	Finally a Japanese curry house in Las Vegas!  The curry is amazing!  Nice portion size, yummy add ons, and a friendly staff!!  If you've been craving some good Japanese curry, you need to stop by this place!
5	Is it just me that everytime i take a bite it makes you smile?!? the first bite i took got me confused. In back of my mind i was like ..  ."HOW DARE YOU THREATEN MY TASTE BUDS!!!". as you continue to eat you notice it takes you on a journey O.o! IT ACTUALLY DOES!!! Will definately go back!!!
4	The Internet Cafe on Charleston across from the CSN Charleston campus where I work has always been an enigma of sorts to me.  In 6 years of working here I literally had never heard of anyone mention eating there even though it's within walking distance.  I knew it had a somewhat revolving door of restaurants that inhabited it and yet I never heard a word about any of them being any good, nonetheless what they even served.  Until Kaba Curry arrived, that is.I'd heard or read rumblings of Kaba Curry through some of the food truck appearances they'd made, though being someone who prefers to eat sitting down and in climate controlled conditions, I figured I'd never get to try them.  Once I heard they would be overtaking one of the Internet Cafe storefronts, I knew that I would be killing two birds with one visit.  Upon entering the Internet Cafe from the south side entrance, Kaba Curry was immediately the first stall on the left side.  There are really only a few options as far as curry goes, you either go with Beef or Chicken Katsu curry, and then there are a series of add ons for about 50 cents a piece that include cheese, corn, spinach, additional rice, potato korroke, and some onion looking thing I'd never seen before.  I went with the beef curry with added corn and spinach.  It was presented in a styrofoam container without a bag at first and I had to ask for a bag as I intended to take it to go.  Simple mistake and I never specified I wanted it to go either so no biggie.  The cashier placed my order in a bag and I was on my way.  Word of warning:  I'm not sure if the container they placed my food in is the typical "to go" packaging, but as I was driving or carrying it back to my office, curry started spilling out of the container into the bag and it ended up being quite messy to pull the meal out to eat.  Digging in, I really enjoyed the flavor of the curry.  It had a nice thickness and had a nice level of spice.   It actually reminded me quite fondly of the packaged Japanese Golden Curry you can get in stores that my mom makes (shoutout to mom).  It came with several scoops of sticky rice which tasted delicious smothered in the thick curry.  I thought both the corn and spinach were worth the extra $.50 each, and next time I will try the korroke and maybe the onion add ons.  The beef tasted pretty average, but combined with all the other flavors on the plate it was a very good, reasonably priced meal overall.   They actually had some side dishes available that I didnt see listed anywhere on their website or mentioned in any reviews here.   Thinking on it now I realize I should have snapped a pic.  I didn't pay too much attention to those offerings as I was set on trying curry.   In the future I'd like to see even more topping options as well some upgraded drink offerings, as they only had Coke, 7up and Arrowhead bottled water available.  At this point I'm happy to have a new spot in my lunch rotation that's so close to the office.  Apologies to my co-workers or any future dates for the ensuing curry smell seeping form my pores.
2	Let's get something out in the open: I absolutely love Japanese curry. I hadn't been able to try Kaba Curry at any of the food festivals it had been at, so I had been waiting in great anticipation for opening day of their (difficult to find) B&M location. I have to give these 3 budding entrepreneurs a lot of credit for trying, and truth be told, I really really wanted to like this place. Unfortunately, I am a Japanese curry snob, and just like so many of its brethren in town, Kaba doesn't make the grade. Its curry is way too watery and the spices far too subdued. It's also a bit too sweet for my taste. The chicken katsu is too small for charging $7. At a comparable counter-style curry joint in LA, you can get a heaping plate of curry rice with a chicken katsu at least 3 times as large and a side salad all for less than $6. It was also odd that it took 20 minutes to get my order. Shouldn't the curry and rice be all ready to go and the katsu take a few minutes to deep fry? I don't understand what took so long. It's not like they were busy.At any rate, it's nothing personal guys. I wish you the best of luck, but I've got to tell it how it is. In my mind, if you want the best Japanese curry (that I've tasted so far), you've got to schlepp it all the way to Curry House in LA. I eagerly await the day when you can get great curry without leaving town.
4	My search for Japanese Curry in Vegas is finally over!I moved to Vegas almost 2 years ago, and have made that four hour trek to LA much too often just to satiate my curry cravings. Apparently, the owners were in the same boat- and were smart enough to just fill that void by opening their own curry place.  Chatted with one of the owners/ entrepreneurs, Anthony, and I was impressed. First things first- This is NOT a Restaurant.  It is actually part of the Campus Commons Food Court/ Internet Cafe across the street from College of Southern Nevada, sharing the space with Wing King, a pasta, place, a korean food joint, and boba teas. I admit that this isn't what I was expecting.  In fact, there are no signs (yet), I only knew I was in the right place because of the address.  So with my family in tow, we walked up to the bright yellow counter. I ordered the beer marinated beef curry and it was served over 3 scoops of rice.  I opened the styrofoam take-out box, and breathed in the curry flavors.  My mouth was already watering as I lifted the spoon.  Mmmmmm....5 yelp stars! Finally!  Finally, my tastebuds were not disappointed.  Finally, I found the curry flavor that I had been searching for.  My husband ordered the Pork Katsu.  And I ordered Chicken Katsu and Potato Korroke over rice for the kids.  EVERYone was happy.  My only wish was that I could have a say in the spice level.  It was delicious, but I would like some heat.  They are brand new at this "brick and mortar" location, so they only offer soda cans and bottled water.  It is also a food court across from the college, so there are no high chairs.  That was the hardest part of the meal: trying to eat this delicious dinner while holding a very squirmy 14-month old kid.  So, those of you with young kids, bring your stroller or order take-out. Nonetheless, I am so excited that I have finally found something local! In fact, I was just in LA this past weekend, and I was craving Kaba Curry. Go figure.
4	If you are a fan of Japanese Curry, you will enjoy Kaba.  Lived in Japan many years and yearn for curry every once in awhile.  Kaba does a great job recreating the familiar curry found in curry houses across Japan.  The tonkatsu (pork cutlet) was tender and tasty.  The potato croquette was crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside.  The curry has a nice kick to it.  It is aromatic and tasty.  They are just starting out in their location near CSN so don't let the counter service/cafeteria environment scare you away.  I got mine to go.  It was packed up nicely and still warm when I got home.  Serving portion could be a bit larger but still found the meal a good value.  Give it a try, you will be pleasantly surprised.
5	Hi everyone...I'm Rose and I'm a kabacurryholic.  I decided to bump it up another star because I can't get enough of the curry here.  I am seriously addicted.  Although it is a food court that caters to college kids, the curry has me coming back again and again.  I take my orders to go.  And I have to do everything in my power not to tear open the bowl of curry goodness while I am driving.  In my previous review, I was disappointed that I did not have a say in the spice level.  Well, I was wrong- all I had to do was just ask.  Ask and you shall receive. Be on the lookout for the yellow signage in front of the building, guiding you to the land of perfect potato croquettes and delicious curry. I may just have to stop in later today...before the withdrawal tremors kick in.
5	I remember the first time i've had Japanese Curry. A few guys i met in the barracks invited me to go with them on their weekly dinner ritual. I agreed and was happy to ditch the barracks room and see a little of the city past the gate. Long story short my first Japanese curry was a chicken katsu at level 1 spiciness from a Japanese franchise chain of curry houses which i cant remember the name of. Japanese curry is something A LOT different from other curries such as Indian or Thai. It's a lot different from the Vietnamese style curries i'm used to eating at home too. The curry is thicker and pure from other ingredients, usually, and is flavored a bit heavier but smoother as well. Now back to the present and i find myself FINALLY in front of Kaba Curry and they're fully equip to give me something more than a sample cup (First time i ran into these guys was at aniMEGAcon). Ordered a Chicken Katsu with spinach as a topping and thanks to the Yelp app i was awarded another free topping, ended up with mushroom.Before i ate i already had an opinion of the curry and already decided that it wasnt going to be true authentic Japanese curry. After the first bite i pretty shocked from how non-authentic it was. Then i recalled the ordering process. Anthony, one of the owners/partners, never asked if i wanted it spicy. The first initial flavor was curry then a subtle sweet smoothness at the end.After the shock of realizing this REALLY wasnt what i was expecting at all i started to enjoy it to the point where i was scraping the to-go box for every grain of rice down to the last drop of curry. The rice was perfectly cooked, moist, and fluffy. Anthony tells me brown rice is in the works so look out for it in the future (yay!).The curry wasn't what i was expect but who needs expectations when it's just that good?The Katsu chicken was very good on it's own. Light breaded and crispy exterior with a moist center of white meat chicken breast. I would definitely recommend this place.
4	I really like their katsu! I think katsu from other places are a bit bland, but kaba's was flavorful and crispy. I know there's quite a boom in Japanese cuisine in the valley, which makes me real happy. I can start to re-live my childhood with all these different venues. With the curry base + chicken katsu + fukujinzuke = $8 something cents was not bad at all. Now let's talk about their curry. I found it to be quite good, the texture wasn't runny and it was a little spicy (not sweet). From the past reviews I'm guessing they've altered their recipe a bit to cater to the diners spice preference. The location wasn't hard for me to find, since I used to frequent the "food court" back when I used to attend CSN. When ordering, the guy used his iPad (which I thought was cool) as the register. I even got my receipt via text message haha. They take your order and ask for your name, then you wait for your order. They also deliver it to you if you're not waiting by the window, which was a bonus :) I think Kaba Curry is a great addition to the food court for students of CSN (and others) to go get their grub on.
5	One thing I really miss from Hawaii is curry. Specifically curry from CoCo Ichibanya. For a very long time, I have been saying that Vegas needs a curry restaurant. Lately, it seems like my wish has been granted! To be honest, the husband and I drove to the "other curry place" first. After seeing how small and crowded the place was, and noticing how many people were waiting outside, we decided to try out Kaba Curry instead. The location is a bit odd - found near the entrance of a Internet cafe/food court. But it's not too far away from home, so I can't complain. At least you won't have to worry about waiting for a table here, which is a plus. The menu is small but simple. I have only tried the chicken katsu and will continue to order it because it is the Bomb!! Lightly breaded (not heavy), moist, and easy to cut into pieces without a knife. I don't know how they do it, but they make it so perfectly! I wish I could make chicken katsu that well at home. It is seriously that awesome, you won't be disappointed! The curry is thick and chunky with small pieces of carrots (I believe) but you can't taste them at all. Trust me, I don't really eat carrots. It is also a little sweet and slightly spicy, but not to the point where my mouth is on fire. I am also hoping that they will have a brown rice option in the future. As you can tell from my check-ins, I have already been back a few times and will be back for many more. We met and talked with the owner, who is from Hawaii. Even a better reason to support this curry business! Don't forget to check in on yelp to receive one free topping! Also, follow them on Facebook because sometimes they close early due to holidays or events that are going on and will announce thier hours.Hooray for an awesome curry place in Vegas! Finally!
4	First off - I love Kaba Curry's cute hippo mascot (Kaba is hippo in Japanese by the way).  Kaba Curry is located in a cafeteria like location on Charleston near the College of Southern Nevada's (CSN) north campus along with other college friendly vendors for Korean food, Mexican, boba drinks and chicken wings.  Seems as though they've got the right idea:  FEED THE HUNGRY COLLEGE KIDS WITH COMFORT FOOD, otherwise it's pretty empty in the evening once all the students have gone home. Between the three of us we got pork katsu/Tonkatsu, chicken katsu, sausage and potato croquette.  The shining star of the set was actually the potato croquette.  It was fried to a golden crisp.  Huge crunch on the outside and creamy potatoey on the inside.  The curry sauce wasn't bad too, and the chicken and pork were not dry and quite tasty.Conclusion:  They may be empty in the evenings now, but I think word will soon spread.  Get your Japanese curry fix before there are lines out the door!$ to Value Ratio:  3.75/5 StarsYummy Factor: 3.75/5 StarsTexture Satisfaction: 5/5 StarsAverage stars: 4.16 Stars
4	first time trying this place and i really enjoyed it. looking forward to coming back and trying different items.
5	THE BEST CURRY HANDS DOWN!The prices are good and the curry has just enough spice and sweetness to make it some of the best curry, if not the best, I've ever tasted.  The portions are good, and they're still adding more tasty things to their menu~  The Croquette is one of my favorite add-ons, since it's a pretty big size and they cut it in half for you, and it's the perfect crunch and consistency!  The staff is super friendly, and they're always very helpful!  They even bring your food out to you!Their desserts are very tasty too, especially their new green tea cupcakes with handmade frosting~  I would HIGHLY recommend this curry hot spot if you haven't given it a try~  I've been coming here weekly since their opening, the curry is that delicious~
4	This is a hidden gem when it comes to curry. I heard about this from a friend and decided to come eat here. This place is inside of a "food court" type building. I was chatting up with the cashier who happen to be the owner. He was very nice and friendly and very much so wanted feedback to improve. The menu is simplistic in which it is a ala carte type style. The curry was very good. I had the tonkatsu with coquette. I love curry and this place definitely was satisfying. I would come back here.
3	Ordered: Curry with Chicken Karrage and Fried Tofu $7.99 + tax.Perhaps I don't like Japanese style curry? I find myself comparing everything to Curry House in Little Tokyo and every time I try another place, I still prefer Curry House. To me, Kaba's sauce is just too sweet. I prefer my curry with a little more cumin and a small kick.Walked in at 12:30 to order and was told the beef was sold out. Really????? You were just opened a half hour ago and I don't see a throng of people ordering in front of me.While taste is subjective (I would give taste a solid 2.0), I had to give it a 2.5 and grudgingly round it up to a 3.0 because I do not see the value ($7.99) for six small bite-sized pieces of chicken and 4 small pieces of tofu that still left me hungry. I don't know what they pay in rent, but it appears to be a lower-rent type place and they could have given a little more food for the money. Secondly, please be prepared to have your full menu available. I really hate hearing "SOLD OUT" when we both know you are lying to me. It was SOLD OUT as of closing yesterday and you didn't prepare any for today.
4	great curry. simple. tastes good. they have a few other things you could add if you want like extra chicken or corn. theres more but i dont remember. the owner is really friendly. if it wasnt so far from my house id get their curry more often.
5	I loves me some curry! It's honestly one of my favorite foods. And I love Kaba Curry because they have a wide variety of delicious things I can put in my curry. Their spam katsu is amazing (when they remember to give me it :P), I also enjoy their korokke! And the company is great too. I always enjoy bringing some friends and getting to visit with Anthony and Maki!
5	Love their curry! I like the fact that all the veggies are chopped up small. I personally do not like big chunks of them sitting in my curry.. i've tried chicken katsu and karaage as topping, and both were cooked perfectly! Adding fukujin zuke is a must!
4	Food: katsu well made. Usually other katsu places in town make them to the point where they can cut my gums (haha) but nonetheless it's well made and when added with the curry sauce (along with the toppings of your choice) makes a delicious combo. Appearance: For a new joint they know how to start with appealing menu choices and design. To me when being creative with what they can present selling you can be sure that they are just as passionate about what they are cooking. Price: With a starting range of $4.99 and up (toppings added) its pretty affordable to the beginning kaba fan.
5	This was such a treat! My first time at a Yelp event, I got to meet and spend time with fellow Yelpers, have a great time and talk about what we all love... FOOD! I would have never found this place on my own, so it was great to receive the invitation for Kaba Curry and get to enjoy their Japanese curried noodles. Surrounded by other food places, such as wing king (awesome as well), this place is ideal if you want to grab some very tasty food at very reasonable prices. Let's dig a bit more into the experience.The food was simply amazing. One of the sampled dishes was curried udon noodles and the taste of the sauce itself had a complex taste but was easily enjoyable. The first thing you will notice when you try their curry is the explosion of flavors in your mouth, and then you start to feel the subtle heat of the spices...a great flavor combination you will love.
4	My first attempt to try Kaba 4 months ago was an epic FAIL!  I relied on Yoda (my GPS) and thought he told me to go to the wrong place.  The parking lot was empty and there was no signage.  I was starving after getting out of class and wanted to try something else around the area.  I've never been to Campus Commons (even though school is just a few feet away) so I thought I got punked!  I don't normally crave for curry but after the Yelp event 2 nights ago, I had to have it again.  I originally planned on coming back here next week after finals but the urge to have curry STAT was far too strong.  I also had to claim my free green tea Kaba cakes.The thing I love the most about Kaba is that you can pick a base (curry base with rice, curry fries or fried rice for like $5) then mix and match toppings (beef, chicken katsu, tonkatsu, chicken karate, pork, veggies, potato korroke, lumpia, Japanese sausage, deep fried tofu, spam katsu for $2 each) and sides (corn, cheese, spinach, mushrooms, fukujinzuke, ichimi, rakkyo for 50 cents each). Food democracy!  The ordering process is simple and efficient.  They have a list of options and just circle what you order.  You can have your receipt sent to you via text message or e-mail - save the trees!  On your 5th visit, you get a 50% discount!So, today I ordered the curry base with chicken katsu, potato korroke, corn and mushrooms x 2 for my sister and I.   There was a 20-minute wait because they serve your food hot and fresh, and the green tea cakes take a while. It's Aloha Friday so, everybody must stay calm.  One of the peeps that runs the place gave me inside information which was a smart move to distract me and it worked!  So, tomorrow the curry udon will be on the menu.  In the next few weeks, expect: curry pizza, melon float with green tea ice cream...I should have left them my number so they could call me when the day comes. But yes, the food is great and the curry isn't overpoweringly spicy.  The green tea cakes were steamed so they were soft moist.  They look like mini doughnuts without the guilt.  They come with a small cup of  green tea frosting.  G-double O-D good!!!I'll be done with my last exam at noon some time next week and I'll be sure to go to Kaba Curry for more...and some Ramune!
5	Thankfully finally made it back too Kaba Curry after the CMYE event. I can not tell you HOW MUCH I have been dying too go back after just tease of some udon curry. Not too mention the Kaba cakes. Unfortunately did not have the patience too wait long enough too get bite last time. On cold days let these nothing better then nice hearty japanese style curry with rice. =)The curry base by itself preached before soooo good! I like all kinds of curries. The japanese style is one close too my heart and roots. Hawaii besides spam musubi, and lot of other things chicken katsu curry another local food for life. The curry sauce its heavy (no coconut milk since not Thai style), rich, and the depth of flavor reminds me of the islands. I had the chicken katsu curry and two orders of the green tea kaba cakes. The chicken katsu itself stands out! It nice golden crispy brown crust and chicken nice moist on the inside and hot. You combine the curry sauce with rice. I could eat it everyday. They also offer range of topping or say sides that you can add too your dish make it more hearty/filling meal. I really wanted too enjoy the taste of curry all over again so keep it simple with the chicken katsu and curry. Sure next time make sure get me some kim chee and got for the udon curry.The Kaba Cakes. It....Onolicous...well worth all the hype! The green tea was not overpowering at all but just right. It added much more depth too the cake plus gave it this funky cool looking color. It basically balls of cake with green tea cream or something of dipping sauce for the kaba cakes. The balls are perfectly cooked. Inside balls nice moist, and goes back too looks cool on the inside has this  olive green color. Outside looks like cake just came out of the oven waiting get some frosting. It takes ten or so mins too make but they tell you that when you order them. Your patience will be well rewarded! -)) Not think of better dessert finish meal at Kaba Curry.The service was great, friendly, and even get free topping when you check in on yelp. It interesting set up sort of food court but ten folds better because no major chains but four or five local small business owners. Not much signs outside the building but you would be very reminisce not walk in taste not only Kaba Curry or Wing King or other little gems under one roof!!!!!!
5	This place is so yummy!Being an extremely picky eater, I was very hesitant to try this place. I had never had any type of curry before, and didn't know what to expect. But my old boss convinced me to try it. And I really love it! I'm not a curry connoisseur, this is the only place I've ever eaten it at, but it's awesome.Plus, everyone who works here is extremely friendly, and even remember my name (which is awesome). They're always extremely patient with me as I struggle to decide between Chicken Katsu and Steamed Veggies (my two favorites) and even offer suggestions to help me be a little more adventurous :-)
5	I wanted too write another review for the curry udon. Every since the CMYE kaba curry night whenever have the itch for japanese curry only place on my mind. I went back for the traditional chicken katsu curry and kaba cakes. This time around I wanted too get full bowl of the curry udon. OMG! No more tease but nice full bowl of udon noodles on cold night. It slurping heaven! The udon noodles cooked too perfection, nice and hot, the curry broth alone meal by itself (nice hearty broth full of flavor), and add topping or sides. Course had too get chicken katsu for my side. Add a big bowl (curry udon) of dipping sauce for chicken katsu. Tough decision were too start the noodles, straight broth, chicken katsu, or both or all. Anyway not get enough curry from Kaba Curry. I finally remember too use my check in for one free topping! =)
5	My Recommendation: Katsu Chicken Curry+Cheese and Green Tea Kaba Cakes.One of Las Vegas' hidden gems that is quickly on the rise to total world domination!..Ok, maybe not "the world", but it is definitely taking Las Vegas by storm by being the first Japanese Curry House in town. With their own combination of spices that create the absolute most delectable dish of curry you have ever tasted, paired with rice cooked just right, a serving of Katsu chicken guaranteed to be the perfect blend of crunch and juicy tenderness and finished off with a pair of "just-out-of-the-oven" Green Tea Kaba cakes topped with a delicious green tea icing, you'll be left asking yourself "Where has this been all of my life?!" In a city overrun with burger places and coffee shops on every corner, Kaba Curry brings something new to the table, and in this case, change is a good thing...a very, very good thing.
5	I discovered this place by accident at STREATS last year and loved it. I was so excited when they opened a brick and mortar location. The food is simple but delicious. The curry is what makes it all, it almost smells as good as it tastes. I like the Katsu with corn, it adds a little crunch.
5	I found out about this place by accident while searching for food trucks around town and man I'm glad I did! I made my way over on a Saturday night and we were greeted by the very friendly girl at the counter. The ordering process is very easy and it's all displayed nicely on the screen on the side. We got the curry base, which is rice with their standard curry and added chicken katsu and spinach. The other dish we got was the loco kaba moco which is rice, hamburger patty, egg and instead of gravy like usual it's covered in curry. We had a little bit of a long wait but it was well worth it once we got our food! The curry was very flavorful and had some heat to it but nothing overwhelming. Everything was cooked perfect and had so much flavor! The girl working the front (I wish I asked her name!) also offered us a dessert they were testing out which was a take on a traditional Hawaiian dessert, the base was a chocolate cupcake split in half filled with a condensed milk mixture and topped with macadamia nuts, ugh it was SO good!! I hope they add it to the menu.So, needless to say I was very impressed by my first visit and the great customer service. I definitely recommend trying it out if you've been thinking about it! :)
3	Had sampled some Kaba Curry at past Yelp events in 2012. Recently I was finally here at the brick and mortar abode of Kaba Curry to ordered and tried their entree portioned curry rice + spam katsu (love the non-mail related spam but surprisingly never had it prepared this way before).  The curry was decent, but the spam katsu was a total treat for my mouth. If you love spam, then I highly recommend this side order for your curry order.Their menu is pretty simple and digitally displayed on their flat screen monitor. You decide if you want their [A] Kaba Loco Moco Special or [B] choice of steamed rice, cheese fries or fried rice ($4.99 to $5.99) with your curry order and tack on as many sides ($1-$2 each) and toppings ($0.50-$0.75 each) as your wallet and stomach can handle. Oh yeah, can't forget [C] desserts.  Fork over the mullah or swipe the plastic. Then wait patiently... and select one or more of the following optional activities or one of your own creation: meditate, people watch (if there are any interesting characters around) or stare deeply into your cell phone as time slowly drains away from your invisible life meter... while waiting for your name to be called,  then walk briskly back to the order window/counter to pick up your order for immediate or near future digestion.The service was good and friendly on my visit. But it took a bit longer than expected for the food to be prepared and available for consumption. Luckily I was there with some friends, so I did not have to scroll through myriad images posted on Instagram or otherwise distract myself with other mobile games on the phone.Will I be back? I most certainly think so.Food:  3.5/5  Katsu-fied Spam for the win.Service:  3/5  Friendly, courteous, but not fast food take-out quick as I thought it would be.Price/Value:  ?/5  It all depends on how extensively you want to customize your meal. Parking:  5/5  You are in the wrong parking lot if you can't find parking (unless CSN students park here during class).  Definitely A-OK amigos for this local food court option near the Charleston campus of CSN.
4	I think I feel in love with Japanese curry all over again.  The flavour of this curry is the bomb.  It's too bad that the portion size is quite small.  With the basic curry dish for $4.99 you get 4 little ice cream scoops of rice with just barely enough curry sauce on the plate.  Then for an additional $1 or $2 you can pick your meat and side dish you want to go with the curry.  I ordered the chicken katsu with a side of mushroom (courtesy of Yelp check in).  My friend had the fried spam and beer marinated beef with his curry dish.  The side items, such as corn for 50 cents each is not worth it, you get maybe only 2 tbsp full.  Although this place is not in the best of locations, I will come back and try their fried rice curry next time.  I hope that they will maybe increase their portion size next time.
4	I know nothing about Japanese curry. I'll admit that right off the bat. This was my first time eating the stuff and I thought is was delicious. The curry base ($4.99) is a mound of rice surrounded by a somewhat thick, dark curry sauce full of flavor with a bit of smokiness and subtle spiciness -- great for people like me who don't want a ton of heat. The chicken katsu ($2) was tender and succulent but the breading, while crunchy and well seasoned, was too thick. The potato croquette suffered from the same thick exterior, which covered a velvety smooth potato mix.Prices were decent and the amount of food was plenty for me. Don't expect fast food, though. It took a while to get the food even though there was only one other person there. But it was so tasty that it was worth the wait.
3	The curry here was OK, Paid for extra topping but only got 4 leafs. sigh. But used my iDcard and got a discount 20% OFF entire bill which is pretty cool.
5	Best Japanese Curry place evah!~A couple of my friends and I decided to come in to eat here and they were absolutely amazed at their first curry house. :DThe menu has basic kurry type meals that you can add things on to it in order to make it your own. I always order big, because I have a huge appetite so I ordered the regular kaba curry  meal with spam katsu, lumpia, and extra rice. (This is where the plating deceived me which you will know exactly what I'm talking about when you order. ;o ) I thought it wouldn't be filling, because the pictures look small. ): BUT I WAS SO WRONG. I was soo full at the end of the meal.The atmosphere makes you think of an "All That" 90's cafeteria, which is very nice for the young vibe there. But bring your whole family and order some Kaba Curry. It's a very nice Japanese curry place. ^___^~
3	I order the pork katsu.  i thought the pork was cooked pretty good.  the curry sauce was tasty and the price is reasonable.  i think of this place more for lunch than i do for dinner.
4	Love this curry! I usually just go with the base and some sort of fried chicken and i'm never disappointed. The chicken katsu was perfectly done every time and the chicken kara age was always a hit with me.
5	I Lived in Japan for 3 years and been to a lot curry places.  I must  say Kaba Curry brings a fun and tasty meal with their own twist to traditional Japanese curry in Vegas.    The flavors will remind you of CoCo Ichiban, a must check out spot.
4	Nice find that I have enjoyed due to another Yelp Event.  This place, along with the other restaurants in the Food Court is amazing.  I only have had a chance to try a few of their menu items so far, but everything has been good to date.
4	Came in last night because my handy Yelp App told me this was the best place to go near my facial place. Yelp app do me no wrong. :)This place is in a building with other small food shop vendors. After I parked I realized how close it was to CSN and it reminded me of a cafeteria. It's ok though, I like the quick and fast food service as it fulfilled my purpose. I ordered the Curry Udon with Karaage. The chicken was juicy and not overly battered. I like Karaage more than Katsu usually and it met my expectations. I really liked the soupy curry with the Udon because I believe you can taste the curry more(instead of over rice). Mind you I've never been to Japan for the "authentic" curry but thought this was pretty legit. The curry had some texture to it and it looked like small bits and pieces of carrot and onion. So sort of like a soupy, vegetable stewy, curry. Yum, my new go to spot after my facial.
4	Good curry that reminded me of Japan! I wish the portions were a little larger but I'll have to hit it up a few more times to see if it varies. The taste makes up for it and the portion size may just bother me cuz I grew up in America (the land of the ridiculous portion sizes)
5	Upon Tien N's recommendation, I got the Kaba curry base with beer marinated beef.  Anthony, the partner of Kaba curry was kind enough to give me a sample portion of the pickled radish and onion to try.  Our group shared this dish  (we were sharing because we each got food from different vendor so we can eat it family style....well, more like we wanted to try everything and this is the best route), and we all enjoyed it very much.  My brother from another mother (and father), Clif C tried it for the first time, and he loved it.  We also got a surprise dessert from Anthony, the jello cheesecake.  Earl loved it.  I cannot wait until we visit Kaba Curry again, and enjoy other items on the menu.
3	Overall this almost got 4 stars. I have tried the curry with vegetables and the chicken katsu curry. The portion of vegetables was a little small, the flavor was good not great, and the chicken katsu was very good. A solid place that I might go back to in a pinch.
3	Perfectly cooked chicken, okay veggies, great flavor on the curry - but really thin, almost watery? Definitely not what I'm used to with Japanese curry and it made it hard to eat, especially on a flat plate (it was practically curry soup), but it tasted good. For nearly ten dollars I expected a larger portion, too. So it's pretty okay. Decent food, cute location, nice staff. Could do better but it's not anything so negative that I wouldn't come back.
4	I have needed to do this review for a while now.  I enjoy their dark, mildly sweet & tangy curry and has a very addicting flavor, to me. I have had it base (with 4 scoops of rice) & on fried rice (spam?).  I have had it with chicken katsu & chicken karaage.  Lastly I top with mushrooms (that's a free item with a yelp check-in).Here is how it is done:1) Pick your base (base, cheese fries, fried rice, udon)2) Pick your sides (meats, veggies, proteins)3) Pick your toppings (like mushrooms, cooked egg, kimcheeAlso, don't forget, they have a frequent diner's card that, after 5 orders, your 6th is free.And jeez, for the sake of all that is holy, don't touch the menu monitor!  It is not a touch screen.
5	Kaba curry fried rice with chicken katsu, chicken karaage, corn and fukujinzuke !!
3	What can be said about Kaba Curry? No, really. What do I say about it? There's nothing remarkable or memorable about it. It is a little place in the commons building that serves Japanese/Hawaiian style curry dishes. It's... curry. With rice. Sometimes other things. I know I'm being overly descriptive but that's just what it's mustering out of me. I mean just take some curry, pick a solid ingredient, and combine. I've just summed up Kaba.I do remember kind of a cool idea - a curry "grilled cheese" sandwich. Just curry poured between a couple slices of white bread. There is potential here but it needs WAY more.If you're in the area, really want curry, but don't want to go to Chinatown (and probably get it a little cheaper) then this is your spot.
4	Yum ... loved the Chantilly Kabacakes!  Brought my order back to the office & hid away, like a little kid, taking tiny bites of the steamed chocolate minicakes hoping the thrill would last longer.  I'm from Hawaii & I know awesome Chantilly cream frosting with toasted mac nut sprinkles when I taste it ... this real deal is Ono-licious!  Oh yeah, I was so distracted thinkin bout the dessert I almost forgot to review the curry which is the denser, yet savory apple-spiced Japanese style curry.  Had mine on a fried rice base (rice speckled with morsels of egg & bits of portuguese sausage so you get a taste of everything with each forkful), plus a good sized topping of tonkatsu/panko pork cutlet topping.  Tasty comfort food.  Nice service.  I'll be baaaccckkk!
4	Located in a small, but warmly-staffed food court near the CSN Campus, Kaba Curry takes convenience, charm, and really great cooking, and wraps it all up neatly in an affordable, fun, and genuine eating experience. CSN students are very lucky to have this near campus...There are tons of provided curry options, a few non-curry options, with lots space to customize as well; it's always great when you can count on a menu and add-ons to satisfy almost any taste and profile. You can do a very traditional curry with just sauce and potato, but you can go all the way up to having spam and/or shrimp gyoza on your curry. The serving sizes are generous for the price, and can be shared if you and your partner are not particularly hungry, but not excessive. The dishes are cohesive, mildly sweet, and satisfying, like Japanese-style curry sauces and dishes should be. The green tea desserts are made with great matcha. Bullet-proof deliciousness there. Definitely trying the chantilly dessert next time.I love the attention to detail the staff has as well, providing extra spoons when they know you'll be sharing, and remembering people from past visits. That extra touch goes a long way - as a result, it seems that Kaba Curry has quite the loyal following, and for good reason! Looking forward to returning here again, and seeing them keeping it up like this. It's not a complicated joint, but it doesn't pretend to be, either, and Kaba Curry is fantastic at what they do and should do.
5	My weekly retreat for a curry foodgasm. Any Hawaii locals who miss Curry House owes it to themselves to try Kaba Curry. This restaurant was not started by profit hungry people, but rather like-minded curry enthusiasts. Choose your base plate between white rice, udon, fries, or fried rice, then add on your favorite toppings. Occasionally they experiment with new food types such as the curry grilled cheese, which you can then try if its on their Secret Sunday menu. Be sure to follow them on Facebook or twitter to get those notifications!
5	The food is delicious !
2	The food was edible but it was not so great, I don't know if it was an off day or what but I got the Tonkatsu Curry Rice with corn and it was mediocre, the curry was lukewarm and the corn was cold, I didn't like that so much..the taste...well it was edible but I've had better curry...not my go to place
2	They offered tap water without ice because their ice machine was broken.The Curry was watery.The plain white rice was edible and the chicken katsu by itself was good. But I probably wont return, to each his own just not my cup of tea.
3	Tried this place with Curry House in mind.  Nothing like it.  They have their own taste, a little sweeter & more "molassy" if that is even a word, but decent enough.  I was intrigued by a few items on their menu.  Disappointed that they don't offer deep fried oysters.  We had the Loco Moco and Fried Rice with chicken cutlet.  The Loco Moco was surprisingly small, in a small bowl, but held enough curry sauce.  The Fried Rice on the other hand barely had any sauce on it.  Had to ask for extra sauce ($1.50).  But I have to give them points for the tasty fried rice.  Also disappointed that you have to order Fukujinsuke ($.50), instead of having it on the table like most other curry restaurants I've been to.  Planning on trying Zen's curry very soon.  We'll see how they compare.Update:  Just tried Zen's curry and it blows this place out of the water.  It was the quality of the curry sauce. Hands down. No argument there.  Each table comes with condiments for you to personalize your curry.  No extra 50 cents for a sprinkle of Fukujinsuke.  And they serve deep fried oysters.  Overall, Kaba has some work to do on quality.  For example, how special is a curry loco moco or grilled cheese sandwich if the curry itself is just mediocre?  Specially if I have, and can, make most of your menu at home?
