4	Dr. Rizzo is an amazing surgeon. I understand bedside manner is a huge issue but come on he is a doctor dealing with people complaining all day. Before we sit here and write bad reviews lets remember we didnt go to school all those years and we are not in his shoes. He did my surgery years ago and am very thankful that i had such an amazing surgeon. Thank you Dr.Rizzo
1	Terrible service.  I had been there a few times and they were fine but for my last scheduled visit they were very rude.  I can't not recommend them enough.  There are three other choices in under a 5 mile radius, go to one of them, they'll at least treat you like a human being.  Its a shame too, I had actually grown to enjoy my visits there.
1	I cannot really comment on Dr. Rizzo himself, as i only spent about 5 minutes total with him in our 3 appointments including my daughter's actual surgery. I can say that based on my experience with his office and practice, we will not be returning. First of all appointments are always scheduled, but a time cannot be given until the day prior. If you are given a time, expect it to be changed 24 hours prior when they call to confirm(I am not talking 15-20 minutes) I am talking hours differences in times. This happened with 2 appointments and our surgery was not given a time until the evening prior; the excuse "Dr. Rizzo is so busy and sees so many patients". Our first wait was over 45 minutes past our appointment time, for a 2 minute consult with Dr. Rizzo. This practice is entirely about the money and seems to care very little about their patients. $75 for a cancelled appointment 24 hours prior(keep in mind you do not get a set appointment until less than 24 hours prior), $10 if they have to send you an additional bill(if you want to make payments make sure to call and set up a payment plan. Every month a new bill with a new balance will cost you). My daughters simple procedure seemed to have gone ok, no complications and no infection, but we will not be returning to this practice or to Dr. Rizzo. There are too many other practitioners out there that take the time to care about their patients, rather than sitting back and collecting as much as they can from them.
1	DO NOT schedule an appointment with this office. They provide absolutely awful care and leave you feeling like a farm animal being herded through the line. I saw Dr. Rizzo last month, before seeing the doctor I waited in the lobby for almost 2 hours--the doctor ran in and out of the room paying no attention, asking no questions and leaving me feeling disappointed and concerned about his expertise. I was told to have a CT scan and return for a follow up visit. I have tried 8 times to make a follow up appointment only to be told by the incredibly rude reception staff that the doctor needs to "confirm" my appointment. Every time I have called, the staff has been so rude, these women are very unprofessional and almost like16 year old girls. I have been told over and over that the doctor is too overbooked--it makes me think these women are actually idiots, THEY are the ones scheduling his appointments. The final straw came today, I tried again to make this follow up appt and was told that I would need to wait 4 months and need to be out on a wait list. I was never told this on any of my previous calls--the office staff also never returned not one single phone call after telling me over and over, "somebody from scheduling will call you tomorrow". Please save yourself the headache and visit another reputable doctor with a kinder, less juvenile staff. I absolutely feel this office is a sham and they are simply booking as many new patients as possible to take in more money. Run to any other doctor.
1	Do not waste your time with this practice! I waited for over an hour every time I came to the office, which is the first agitating strike when nervously awaiting a new doctor. Then when I finally met Dr. Rizzo and explained to him why I was there, he completely disregarded everything I had to say, and proceeded to have me do several, unnecessary and expensive tests and schedule a follow-up for almost three months later. I expressed my concerns several times and never had my issues addresses. On top of that, the office staff is incredibly rude, especially in the Surprise location. They consistently talk down to you, and openly speak poorly of other patients. At one point I walked into an empty office, told the receptionist why I was there, and she walked away without a word and didn't come back for 25 minutes. Finally, he prescribed allergy medication that I had to pick up from the office and his staff broke several safety protocols that are in place to keep patients from going into anaphylactic shock, including failing to mention that I needed to have an epipen before I ever tried the medication. Luckily, nothing bad happened, but if it had, this staff's negligence could have cost me my life.
1	If I could give less than one star I would. I can tell you exactly how awful this office is to work at and all of the negative comments are completely accurate. All one of the doctor's care about is making money and if you don't schedule your surgery he won't continue care with you and will discharge you from his patient clientele. He doesn't care about staff, nor does the business manager who is his wife. They degrade, put down and treat their employees like the scum on the bottom of shoes and look down on people who don't have money and pay crap for money so they have more to pocket. Believe me when I say your time is better spent at a doctor's office that cares about you and your well being, not just pocketing money. Not to mention your wait time being cut in half.
