5	When I saw Julien F's review for St Edouard I bookmarked it and knew I'd be there within the week. It gives me glee to see new good places opening up around the neighborhood, up here on the wrong side of the tracks, and the good vibes in this cozy dim new bar didn't disappoint my hopeful heart at all. I walked in after 10:30pm on a Monday and there were several small goodlookin groups of young, friendly French men around the bar which stretches square in the middle of the room. The big brown booths and more romantic little corner tables were mostly empty and my date hadn't arrived yet so I hesitated for a second in the door frame, long enough for a friendly Frenchman named Francis to make me welcome with his group, crack me up and get me seated at the bar in perfect franglais. When my charming companion did arrive the lovely waitress made us laugh in franglais too. The joyful double embrace of language is one of my favourite things about this town these days, and always, and especially when you're out late drinking pints on a school night. The pints were $7.50 - this is kinda over priced for the neighborhood I think. But the good conversation, plus the Polaroids and vintage cameras and lamps and framed intimate body parts on the way to the bathroom all made me smile and not mind it. Will be back gladly and soon!
3	Fairly run of the mill really... It's a good bar I suppose, mood lighting, good drinks list and they seem to pull a crowd. Any quirks or points of originality? not really. My days were numbered in Montreal so it shouldn't have been one of my stops. But if I was out with girlfriends and looking to pick up, absolutely!
4	I rushed with some friends to Le Saint Edouard bar last year as soon as the news about its existence spread around. We had great time, I loved the strong and non sugary caipirinhas, the grilled cheese was delicious. The bar has this wonderful feeling of southern place, where the summer never ends, may be because of the ceiling fans that never stop turning and the wide opened windows, when weather permits. The recent Yelp anniversary that took place in the bar reminded me that I have to write a review for this cool spot in Rosemont. Frankly I really like it there before its rush hours, when it is half empty and relaxing. The bar has solid selection of drinks, good whiskeys, local beers we love, great cocktails and the snacks are presentable selection of local foods. I would be a regular in this bar if it was closer to my neighbourhood and still I will continue taking the trip to it from time to time!
