5	I recently had a chip/crack  in my windshield, and these guys were great, they helped me with my insurance company, walked me thru the conference call with my insurance company before we actually made the three way call to them, they tech came right to my place of business and was very friendly and did the windshield replacement while I was at work.  No hassle really easy A +
1	Pro Tech Auto came out to my place of business just before 10:30 this morning to fix a star shaped crack in my windshield.  Unfortunately, what was a nickel sized star nick near the corner of my windshield mysteriously turned into an 8 + inch crack.  It was not cracked in that manner this morning when I got in or out of my car.  The sun roof was open and it was parked next to a tree that partially shaded the windshield and the car was parked facing away from the morning sun.  The technician never came into my place of business to find me or find out where my car was parked (150+ cars in the parking lot).  The technician somehow found my car and parked in front of it.  I do not know exactly what transpired after his arrival, we have security cameras but the trees and his van were  blocking the viewing area. I can only speculate the events.  By the time I walked out to see if he was even out there, he was leaving a note on the windshield saying it could not be repaired.  It needed to be replaced. The technician claimed he did not put any pressure on the windshield and claimed that  the crack could have been caused by the sun.Here are my issues:1. I've had numerous nicks and cracks over the years on different windshields, never has one mysteriously gotten worse the day it was being repaired.2. Unfortunately, I was not a witness to the events that transpired. So,. I cannot honestly blame Auto Tech, but the technician never came in to find me before starting to work on my car.  It's frustrated to realize that the only way of letting me know it needed to be replaced was to simply leave a note on my windshield.  He had my number, why not call me to come and see it for myself?  I caught him sitting in his truck with the motor running without any form of contact between us.  I'm very puzzled by this companies customer service.  3.  I feel that even though the technician denied putting any pressure on the windshield,  I feel he was dishonest.  It obviously cost the insurance company  much more to replace a windshield than to pay for the repair.  Could this be a normal practice when it's the insurance companies dime? Even though the insurance company pays for the replacement, they probably won't pay for OEM that I want back in my car and I have to find a way to get the new windshield lightly tinted as was it originally....of course in this state, that is illegal.While I appreciate the follow-up call from the owner after the events that transpired today......Sorry, Pro Tech Auto Glass, coincidence or not,  I will not use nor recommend your services to anyone in the future.  Disgruntle and Bewildered
5	I needed to have an insurance replacement done, and these guys were quick to schedule it and get it done.  They came to my work, told me everything I needed to know about how to take care of it, and made everything seem easy.After my first installation I had a "wind tunnel" effect, and they gave me the benefit of the doubt and did the re-installation for free on the next day.  Excellent service!  I believe my installer's name was Dallas and he was extremely friendly as well.
5	I highly recommend this company for your auto glass.    They showed up on time and the technician did a great job.
