3	This is a tiny Teeter, as Jeff S. mentioned in his review.  This isn't my typical Teeter, but after eating dinner at Hawthorne's located in the same strip center, I stopped in for just a few things that I needed for the weekend.  The first thing I noticed at the opening doors was the smell - it smelled odd (I won't be more specific, it was just odd and not grocery store smelling).  But it was a typical small footprint HT with your basic HT needs.  The store was clean, carts and baskets were readily available and neatly lined up.  There were plenty of checkout lines open (thank you!).  I was able to find everything on my list, was quickly checked out by a friendly woman and was on my way.
3	The size of this Harris teeter is about average. The supplies here are acceptable, but the variety can be worked on.I came here yesterday to get a daily sub at the deli. I asked for wheat bread, the guy told me they are out. I think they need to do a better job making sure their supplies are well stocked, that is the whole point of a grocery store, if you don't have something, people will start going elsewhere. No one wants to get their grocery at two separate stores. The guy working behind the deli line also seemed impatient, instead of apologizing they are out of a type of bread that the store advertised to have, he was being cold and quick with me. He slabs my tuna salad on to the wrap...since they don't have subs as if he is pissed off. I asked if he could cut my sub in half he acted like it is not possible to do. Who holds a 6 inch wrap and start eating it? I bet most people cut it up at least in half right? He made me feel extremely uncomfortable, almost to the point where I almost don't even want to eat it anymore.Then it is the self checkout line. There is not even a staff behind the self checkout desk. Some customers needed help and were confused but the checkout person was not there. Not sure if the checkout person is helping another isle or simply walked away. This store needs organization. It is not the first time that I have encountered unfriendly staff here.
