1	I called them to see if they wanted to buy some gently used furniture that was in very good shape. I text the buyer some photos and he offered me $50-$75 for EVERYTHING!!! What a joke! Even Terri's Consign (which also do not pay very well) and another buyer offered me twice that, though it was still pennies on the dollar. Never calling these folks again.
5	It's refreshing to see a business and an owner go out of their way to really make their customers happy!  Not only did they have a good selection of quality furniture, the owner, Sidney, took the time to educate me on what to look for!  I recommend Do Overs to anyone looking for a quality unique piece of furniture...
5	Do Over was a good find for my mom and me. We had spent a few days going from used furniture stores to consignment stores, looking for the best pre-loved furniture around. My parents had just moved into their retirement home in Mesa and needed a few items to fill in some gaps. At Do Over, we found a beautiful rattan chair with a matching ottoman. It showed some wear but was structurally sound and very comfortable. It was originally from the Pottery Barn but it only cost us $70 (we came in during a sale). Do Over also offers restoration classes for those interests in taking an old piece of furniture and giving it a new look. Give them a call to find out more as I'm not sure on all the details. (Because of this, they sell furniture in various stages of wear.)Might see ya there!
2	Stopped in here because I saw it whilst driving past, and saw an item on display out front that I was interested in. When I asked about it, they did not have a price for it and wanted me to wait while they "researched it" online--because the person who brought it in didn't know what to charge and wanted the owner of the store to set the price for it. I finally got tired of waiting and left. The store had a back room that was cordoned off from shoppers...maybe they should put merchandise that is not ready for sale in that area to save shoppers some frustration. They did have some nice items, but I felt too frustrated by my experience to bother with them.
5	their store has a wonderful selection of furniture and things to decorate a home. they have auctions on monday nights at 630pm and the prices are amazing and the selection is wonderful you never know what you'll find.
