5	We decided to drive from our Central Phoenix - to the vacation-like land of Kierland Commons.  Everything But Water wasn't my destination, it was more for my fiance' Kate and her 15 yr old daughter.  Before we headed inside, it was necessary to sit down for some re-fueling.  We parked in front of this swim wear boutique and then walked over the Scottsdale Quarter for a great brunch at True Food.  That is another review for another time.After the early meal, we walked by over and entered this small shop.  They have so many colors and options for almost any body type.  EBW also sells cover-ups, sunglasses and some jewelry.Judy was a great help.  She kept bringing bikini's to them.  They must have tried on 10 swimsuits / bikinis a piece.  The bikini is a marvel of technology.  It uses the least amount of fabric, stretches in the right places, won't fade in the sun, must be hand-washed, and stays on when diving or swimming.  This location is small, but so are bikinis.  There was a small bench in the back to sit on.  I parked it there for awhile and gave my two cents for the fashion show.  My fiance' and soon to be step-daughter are in great shape.  They work hard at it and it shows.  After about 20 minutes, I was done.  Went next door to Barnes & Noble to let them finish on their own.These swimsuits are not cheap, $80 average per piece + taxes( approx. $190 for a bikini!)   These bikinis will hopefully last and if that's the case, I now know where to buy the next ones.
1	If you want high quality suits and good customer service, DO NOT go to this store!!  My family scheduled a Scottsdale trip at the end of the school year for our kids. In our rush to get out of Seattle, I only packed half my swimsuit.  The closest swimsuit place to our hotel was Everything But Water in the very upscale Kierland Commons.  My first impression was friendly, helpful and attentive service.  I found a suit that I loved with the necessary underwire in the top. It was close to $200  but I figured a quality suit is worth the price. I even bought a cute cover up that the sales girl suggested. Fast forward two days. After day two of swimming, I took off the suit and realized that one of the underwires had ripped through the fabric and had almost come completely out of the suit. I immediately took the suit back to the store. I thought for sure they would allow me to return the suit because it was clearly defective. No way!!  They only offered to exchange the suit even though you could see that the new top would have the exact same issue. I said I did not want such a poor quality suit and I wanted my money back. Still no refund. To make matters worse, my original sales girl kept smirking at the other sales girls as if I was trying to pull a fast one. I left with the new top because I had no other choice. I felt completely robbed!! I come from the land of Costco and Nordstrom where customer service is tops. This store should take a lesson.UPDATEAfter posting this review here and on the company Facebook page, I was contacted by Michele at Everything But Water corporate.  She was amazing!!  She contacted me personally, apologized for the inconvenience, assured me that I would be given a refund and let me know that my experience did not reflect company policy.  This was all done within a week of me arriving back home.  Do I still think that the service I received at Kierland Commons in Scottsdale (by one particular associate) was awful? Yes, hence the 1 star rating.  However, the company took great care of me after the fact, (Michele in particular) so I will be checking out the Bellevue, WA store to see if I have better luck in finding my perfect suit.  If Michele reflects the overall quality of employees at Everything but Water, I give them 5 stars!!
5	Great selection of swim suits and other related items. Wonderful customer service!  The salespeople here are so helpful!  Best brands, comfortable fitting rooms. I highly recommend this store for any of your pool and beach needs!
