3	I've heard great things about this place and finally decided to check it out.  i have one word to say: i dont get it! ... ok, ok...i can't count, thats four words.  Yah, there is some nice stuff thats EASY but not sure about FRESH. The only thing I will consider going here for is good meats, but Whole Foods (and is a block closer) or AJ's is much better for that.
2	Out of the thousands of items they sell here, I saw maybe 4 items that weren't wrapped in plastic.  Everything there looks manhandled by a giant cooperate packaging monster who wants to suffocate all things natural out of your food.There were some free samples.  They were chicken wings, from a package, left out not under a heat lamp or anything.  I watched an old man grab one, take one bite and throw the wing out. The staff were not clean or helpful.  I wandered around, not one smile or hello, and left.  Good marketing.  Bad Product.  Bad for the Environment and Local Economy.
4	I hate food shopping.  Okay that is probably an understatement.  When I go to a big market I am so overwhelmed and usually end up with a million things I don't need, while forgetting the things I do need.  Fresh & Easy is small, but it has most things I need.  I like that they have meats and chicken that already have seasoning on it and are ready to cook.  This makes shopping extremely easy.  I also really like their brand of food, especially the pasta.  I think it's some of the best tasting store bought pasta I have had.  Don't go here if you need to buy kitchen supplies like cake pans or cookie sheets.  They simply have food, drinks, wine and beer here.
2	I appreciate grocery stores that are small because I get overwhelmed in the big box grocery stores (Frys and Safeway I'm looking at you). I decided to venture to Fresh and Easy because a co-worker told me that she really liked their pesto and since I am a pesto nut, I thought I would give it a whirl. F&E is set up like a multitude of other grocery stores...produce on the right immediately when you walk in and frozen items all the way to the right with everything else in between. I had heard about the produce pre-packaging so I was prepared for it. I absolutely hate it. Maybe I'm odd but I like to touch the produce and pick out what I want. Now granted the fact that two green peppers were in the pre-packaging doesn't offend me because I always buy two peppers at a time. But it took me forever to find a package that had 2 good peppers in it. The selection of wraps/sandwiches/salads is smaller and not as varied as Trader Joe's. The chicken caesar wrap I bought was not very good at all...first the dressing came on the wrap and not in a container on the side; second, it barely had any dressing on it; and third, it had almost 400 calories in it! I nearly fell over when I saw that. There are only two items that I bought that I see myself returning to Fresh and Easy for in the future: pesto (much better and less oily than the TJ's version) and chocolate pudding cups (49 cents and a tasty, yet slightly indulgent, lunch snack). I imagine F&E has to have very low overhead costs due to the paltry amount of staff working and the fact that every checkout lane is self service. Also there is not a lot of choice among items or very many of any one item on the shelves. I found it odd that there would be Ragu red sauce, but no Ragu alfredo sauce; then there would be Classico alfredo sauce, but no Classico red sauce. It was little things like that I noticed that turned me off. There is no way I could do all of my shopping at F&E that is for sure. Thank goodness my husband does 99% of our grocery shopping!
5	I'm a huge fan of Fresh and Easy because the food there is good, inexpensive, and they have great deals on several items. It has the look of yet another hippie market, but in fact it has normal food, does not smell of patchouli oil, and sells products you've heard of before, not just knockoffs emblazoned with the word "organic." Those products are there too, but at least one is given the choice.Trader Joe's this is not - though the smaller size is roughly the same, it has better selection and will cost a lot less to find food for dinner.
4	This place is perfect for those who only shop for themselves or one other person (like a bf, gf, or roommate) Everything here is single serving. I love their 50% off after 4pm deal they have. (because everything is very fresh they usually need to get rid of it after a day or two) I go there for their half price sushi and mango chicken salad! This place wouldn't be for the family types or the types that go to Costco. This would be the polar opposite! :D
4	Have you ever wondered what it would be like if your local safe way and ikea had a baby? Only me...odd. Well that is the best way to describe Fresh and Easy. It truly is the Ikea of grocery stores and I maintain that the Swedes have their hands in this grocery. Here is why I think this: A) Everything is Really clean. Like White. Like dentist office clean. It's almost too clean. B) The prices are phenomenal for what you get! I feel like you can spend $5 for a three course meal! It is awesome! C) The food feels organic. I can't say that it actually is, but the way it is packaged at least makes you feel that way. D) It's tiny. It truly is a neighborhood market and not a store. I think there are maybe three isles in that whole place. E) The selection of food is amazing! You can find almost anything in this tiny store. So the jury is still out whether or not the Swedes master minded another amazing store, but this is truly one of my favorite places to buy food at!
4	I love Fresh and Easy and I LOVE this store. The selection really isn't that bad for a smaller market. I can get pretty much everything I need unless I'm shopping for a random hard to find item or something that is non food related like a swiffer mop (though the refill pads are there). I love how clean the place is and the packaging and presentation of their items is well done. You can find a lot of items that foodies crave in decent sized portions to either make for yourself or prepackaged items that are also pretty delicious. The prices are decent and the staff is amazingly friendly. I love my weekly trip to Fresh and Easy for some goodies to last me the week. Especially the part where I buy myself a $4 EXQUISITE bouquet of flowers to bring home for my dining room table. Who said a man needs to do that? Though if they wanted to, this is a great place to go!
5	I think if I sat back and tried to come up with the most perfect grocery store, I still might have never come up with Fresh & Easy!If you don't like to cook or you like to cook easy but good quality food, F&E is the place for you to shop. The layout is easy to meander through. The organization makes shopping very easy.I love their produce, which is continently packed and usually the perfect serving size. They have really inexpensive Tofu, which I love to put in my curries. And you can buy everything you need to make a fresh pizza, their cheese department is amazing!Oh and did I mention that no one can beat their prices?!?!? And also don't forget to check out the almost expired section, you can get killer deals on things that are just about to expire, but are still good!They carry some really unique products you don't find at the grocery store, but most of all F&E is really one stop shopping! If you haven't been to one yet, you have to go and I guarantee you will be back!
4	I think what I like most about F&E is that it's kind of like the anti-Costco. When there are only two of you in your household you don't always need the 5lb block of cheese or 30 cupcakes. F&E caters to the single folks and the childless couples. I can buy 2 cupcakes? Perfect!Another thing I like about F&E is that they offer a lot of "meal-helpers" like chicken tenders, salmon with a sauce to serve it with and side dishes like potatoes or mac n cheese. And even though they're pretty much pre-packaged dinners you just throw in the oven they aren't filled with a ton of preservatives and weird ingredients. For the most part it's pretty much just food.They have a decent selection throughout, not as big as other big chain grocery stores but you can get pretty much everything on your shopping list. And if you want to try anything that is F&E brand they'll open up the package for you and let you sample. The one thing I'm not too crazy about is the amount of packaging they use. I get why that it's pretty much dictated by their store model and at least it's recyclable but if they could figure out some way to reduce the size or something that would be awesome - especially for the produce. But at least I only have to buy 4 apples and not a bushel.
2	I don't really understand what all the hype is over this place. When I walked in there everything looked prepackaged by some mass industry. Most of the stuff there is overpriced compared to places like sprouts and even trader Joe's. Occasionally there are some decent values there but  not worth the trip. This place is literally on the corner where I live but I don't shop there. I also feel like they are lacking a certian level of variety that I desire in a store.
4	I love Fresh&Easy. I could really just stop right there.but I won't.I've loved living across the street from F&E for the past 2 1/2 years, and when I move(soon), I'm going to really miss that proximity. their prices are insanely good, and they always have a sale section with items of all sorts(produce, bread, prepared meals, etc) for 50-75% off. this is in addition to their 98-cent produce packs, which generally rock my world.also, their prepared meals(what I've had of them) and pop-in-the-oven-for-10-minutes gourmet-ish breads---all amazing. add to that the fact that they have 99-cent 0-calorie Vitamin Water and 99-cent tropical trail mix, as well as really great prices(and sales) on beer(with a fairly good variety--always a few interesting, offbeat brews for cheap), and you have a fantastic little market.
4	LOVE this place!! I love going to new grocery stores and just wandering and checking out the things they have, and this place has really good stuff. Not your normal grocery store and thats what makes it so unique. really good deals as well. lots of cool prepackaged meals, snacks, sides, apps.etc.  All kinds of interesting desserts as well. Their prepackaged meals including pastas, salads could be packed as good lunches as well for work! make sure you check out the clearance section on each aisle..you're bound to score some good deals. i have enjoyed everything i have bought already and will def be going back to try new things. I highly recommend checking out this place and see whatcha think. think of it like a trader joe's.. not exactly the same but the same in the way they are not your typical grocery store.
5	This location is always clean, well-stocked, and the gentleman with the British accent is so nice! My wife and I are both in school, so finding the best prices for healthy food was terribly difficult before we discovered Fresh & Easy.The staff in this store is awesome! They are always very friendly and they have coupons on hand just in case I forget mine. It seems silly because it's usually only a couple of bucks, but it makes us feel like they are looking out for our budget.We both love to cook, so getting the freshest ingredients is important to us. We love the small, cozy atmosphere of the stores and how easy it is to find what we are looking for. Your deals on meat, cheese, and breads are awesome and your fruit section has become my favorite place in the store.The only complaint that I have about this location is that it's a bit difficult to get into because of it's placement near the intersection. That con in not nearly enough to dissuade me from shopping here because everything else has been fantastic.
4	This store is on my regular shopping route.  I wish they made a store that would combine Trader Joe's, Sunflower Market, and Fresh & Easy, but that is not to be.What F&E has that no one else has:* freshly prepared meals that are low calorie and easy Otherwise, mostly just a regular grocery store, and with a few speciality orders.  No Chobani yogurt, and the only yogurt they carry that I can eat is Voskos, which is okay, but not my favorite.  Not a great protein bar selection either or cereals that are healthy. No bread that I can eat to speak of.   This means at the bare minimum I still have to go to Sunflower sometimes, and then feel less than happy since Sunflower doesn't have the nice pre-made low cal meals.Also would like some variety in said meals.  It gets boring to see the same types week after week!  Enough to get mama to cook.  That said, they do have some nice things that are easy to cook.They also have the lovely Reed's Gingerale, some nice trail mix items, etc.  And it's nice that they have decent kitchen items like paper towels, etc. for those times that I really need to pick up more than just a few meals.Although they advertise "no high fructose corn syrup" some items DO have corn syrup, so DO READ THE LABELS there if you are avoiding corn syrup!  I'm food -sensitive to corn so I woudl love it if I really had the freedom from corn syrup there, but there are definitely items with corn syrup.  It must not be high fructose, I guess.that said, I still give them a high rating for easy layout, easy to shop at, clean, pretty good customer service (I rarely have to bag my own even going through self serve, maybe once in a while), and good prices.
3	I'm really surprised this place isn't out of business yet.  Its never busy and I always come in with a coupon and buy a lot of "manager special items" Overall the item selection, quality, and price are ok.  My favorite part is that there is never a line and since the store is small everything is easy to find.  I probably wouldn't come here if I didn't have a coupon.  The price and quality is a tad bit lower than Trader Joe.  I wish they had an Aldi in Arizona instead of this place.
5	When I moved back to Arizona I specifically picked a place to live that was within 5 miles of F&E so I could get coupons in the mail.  I love fresh and easy.  The food is pretty good quality and is very inexpensive, which is great for a college student:) I also used to work 2nd shift and their prepare meals were a much yummier alternative for dinner than having a sandwich or gross frozen meal.  I will say though that I am a very picky person and typically enjoy eating the same meals every day for months (for example, I have had F&E greek yogurt, raspberries, and F&E granola almost every day for lunch for about 3 months).  If you prefer a wider variety of food items F&E may not be your place; however, there is a sign out front right now that states they are working on getting over 200 new items:)
1	INFESTATION!!!! I was wondering why my pantry was suddenly full of indian meal moths and I found the answer in a BRAND NEW box of wheaties in which I was surprised to find a pupa in the process of spinning its cacoon! I buy my cereal from fresh and easy every week because of the prices but boy they are not worth throwing away EVERYTHING in my pantry and scrubbing it with bleach to try to kill the EGGS before they hatch! I am totally DISGUSTED.
1	The customer service here is awful. They're advertising Jennie-O frozen turkeys for $0.39/lb while supplies last. I figured that they'd be flying off their shelves, so I called before leaving to the store and asked specifically if they had those turkeys in stock. They said they did, so I headed to the store, which was about 5 minutes away. When I got there they were totally out of turkeys. The staff was unwilling to do anything except offer me a turkey at 3 times the price, so I made a special trip for nothing.
5	I love this Fresh & Easy. Moving from Florida, I was dreading not having Publix for my groceries anymore, but Fresh & Easy is a fantastic alternative. Granted, their variety of fresh produce isn't the best, but it gets the job done.I'm most impressed with their cleanliness and prices. I'm always surprised at how cheap my total is at the counter as I'm checking out.Also, unlike some much lazier reviews below mine, I love that the checkout is done by the shopper, much like it is in Europe. However, I've had to bag and have had someone bag for me equally; it just depends on how staffed and/or busy they are at the time.The staff has always been very friendly, helpful, and interactive. A clean shop and respectful employees... that shows true customer service, not the level of laziness they cater to.Either way, I highly recommend this Fresh & Easy, particularly if they have coupons or specials running that coincide with your shopping list.
5	I love Fresh and Easy. This store is a little different from most.  They installed faux wood floors, and put doors an all freezers and refrigerators.F&E has excellent pricing, and quality. I just wish there were more of them.
4	This is the closest Fresh and Easy to my house.  So i have been here quite a few times now.  They have a lot of good selection for meat, fish ,and veg.    As well as lots of fruit at a good price.  They do not have a bakery on site,so sometimes they run out of bread from the bakery in the evening.  Other than that is is quite good. They seem to have a bit of a different food selection than some  of the other F &E's around town.         But, i guess it is like that every where. Limted parking in the lot and sometimes it can be a little trcky to pull in to if you are coming from the East. You cannot use coupons ,only their coupons. Other than that it is good!
3	Fresh and Easy makes for an interesting study in contrasts.When I am at home in San Diego, I do not shop Fresh and Easy because the location nearest to me is not on any of my regular paths.  Tempe Fresh and Easy is smack dab in the middle of my path to and from work.  Getting to the store's parking lot is kind of funky, with the entrance on Baseline being immediately next to a traffic light and bus stop and entering from Baseline headed west, you have to make a 150 degree turn instead of only 90 degrees.  The lot is good-sized and the space that is furthest away from the front door is no more than 500 feet away.Entering the store (beware of the doors on the North side, as they frequently don't work), you will observe a bright, clean, open-feeling place.  After the registers, the produce aisle presents itself first, then the meats and then cheese/yogurt and the DISCOUNT FRIDGE.  The back wall has prepared foods and milk before you enter the baked goods area.  Aisles after cheese/yogurt and discount include beer and wine, chips and packaged nibbles, canned goods, and frozen prepared foods.  The front of the store has lotions, potions and gels and leads into sweet and savory nibbles, including nuts.About the DISCOUNT FRIDGE, every afternoon, usually betwen 3 and 4 PM, any item that is about to go out of date is repriced and moved either to the discount fridge, or in the case of baked goods, on racks adjacent to the fridge.  Discounts can range from 20-50% and I have found discounts as high as 70%.  As others have mentioned, the produce is highly over-packaged.  I want to be able to sniff/touch the produce I am buying.  If I cannot, there is no way for me to judge if it is under or overripe.  Meats have always satisfied and prices are pretty good on most items.  You will not find everything you could want at Fresh and Easy, nor should you expect to.  My suggestion is to stop by and get a feel for the place.
1	I purchased a rosemary focaccia dough from this store.  Following the instructions on the focaccia, including poking holes and allowing dough to rest before baking and after baking, I baked the dough at the appropriate temperature for the recommended time only to find the bread was hardly near ready.  The wrapper suggested 15 minutes at 400 degrees...but at 20 minutes, I pulled the bread out.  Not done...and hardly salvageable since I cooled the bread  for 20 minutes after.Get the instructions right for those of us who trust the instructions, Fresh and Easy.
5	I have vistied this locastion a bit more than the other lately. Good selections of many items. Still sometimes hard to find what you are looking for. The produce and meat are very fresh. Parking is still a bit tricky , but what can you do. It is a good place to shop for quick fresh food. Plus, now they have a rewards card. Youget points every time you shop and it adds up to free products. So you cannot bet that!
3	Ahhh good ol fresh & easy, the single persons grocery store.  When I forget to bring my lunch to work I'll come in here for a ready made salad or sandwich.  The food is good but after I buy a salad, a drink, and some yogurt, I've spent as much as I would to eat at a restaurant.  This store is very clean and has a steady flow of people all of the time, I think this one will stay open.
5	I'm sure I could save money going somewhere else but it is so convenient, clean, and the service is great.  Chris, who works there on the weekends is super friendly
5	Love this place.  They have 99% of what I need in a small store.  The rest I get at Sprouts.
4	What I like about F&E is the customer service.  I can't get enough of going into a grocery store to do my shopping and everyone in the store offers to help or greets you.  It is a refreshing change from the big box stores.I love buying 1 or 2 ready made meals a week.  It is inevitable that I will need to use one that week.  F&E's ready-made meal selections are pretty extensive AND are very yummy.  I freeze them too, they keep just as well in the freezer for about a week.  Not sure if I'm breaking any rules by doing that, but whoopie it works for me! I love love love their Greek yogurt.  I'm pretty sure that F&E yogurt is NOT healthy, can't be.  Nothing that tastes that darn good could be.  It takes 45+ minutes to cook brown rice, the fresh and easy ready-made brown rice is fantastically delicious AND takes 90 seconds to prepare.I shop around and I also find that prices in F&E are often cheaper than they are at the big box stores, especially Fry's.  This store is always clean and is a great place to pick up your groceries.
4	This is typically the Fresh & Easy I shop at. It's easy navigating your way around the store, and the clearance section can't be beat. You can get really great deals on prepackaged refrigerated food. I like buying garlic here too since it's grown in the U.S.A.
5	I really appreciate Fresh and Easy, it's convenient location close to my home, the prices and quality of most things I find there. Though they do have some products on the shelves I don't agree with, I love that I can find my organic fruit,  veggies and other products I need. I do wish they had more options with meat (no BHA, RSBT, and organic).
4	I am happy with this store. Ever since I moved out to these parts, I have been visiting this shop. I love the variety of items that they carry. Although you can never be too certain that what you got this time you will get next time.I love the Fresh and Easy card ,you get points each time you shop here or any other Fresh and Easy. There is a little trick to getting the points transferred to your card,but once you have that down it is savings all the way.They do have great Customer Service, the staff is always willing to help you with anything you may need. At least at this store.I really like the salads that are ready to eat and fresh fruit that is cut up and ready to go.I am not crazy about the marked down items that are fresh. At one time they were good,but now they just seem too old and tacky looking.Good location, easy to get to. Right on the corner. But, I have noticed that most all F&E's are on Corners. Now that I think about it. Also, they do have a really good price on fruit and veg. As well as good sales.You do not get any $$ off for having your own bag though. I think they should do that.Parking is nice and they have wipes inside to clean carts and baskets with.
5	Oh I am so sorry to hear the news of Fresh and Easy. I hope that they do not close down. I have to feel for all the people that work here. Jobs are not easy to find right now. It is a good place, and so close by. Quick and easy to get in and get out.Every one should do a quick shepping trip here, maybe to try to save them.Think of all the peeps that work there.Plus, it is a good place ,nice to shop at. Easy parking right on the corner.
5	I love this grocery store. Small portions perfect for my family. I love their "clearance" items which dictate my meals some nights. They are like the convenience stores of grocery stops and I couldn't be happier. I also have their friends card and feel like I get coupons in the mail on a weekly basis.
2	Overpriced and mostly processed food. Whole foods is almost lower across the board in prices than this chain. Nothing is made in-house and everything comes from a Central warehouse hours away. Today, they were out of the four pack of bagels in all flavors except Pumpkin Pie. Not sure who wants to eat pre-packaged stuff that is not fresh, but I haven't seen any of the promised changes that was coming after this chain was purchased and saved. It would have been no big loss. Also annoying is that this location is out of "Friends" cards"
4	The perfect little grocery store for when you don't know what to cook or eat. They have many prepared meals ready to pop into the oven or microwave. The best part of the store is the bakery section, some of the best red velvet cake I have ever eaten. Really any of their sweets are way better than some of those cupcake stores around the valley that are really subpar.
1	If you have lunch plans and are thinking of picking up something fast, fresh and delicious out of their 'Easy to Go' deli case, do yourself a favor and go back out to the parking lot, pick up a hand full of dirt and weeds, and eat IT instead.You'll throw up either way, but at least you didn't pay 5.99 for it.The Southwest quinoa and chicken salad was so old it was partially fermented. My bad for eating the shit. I thought it was some kind of unique 'Southwestern' dressing.I don't even want my money back.I just want to tell anyone with two eyes, half a brain and can read english how messed up Fresh & Easy is.
5	I love this store. Great prices, fresh food, and lots of options. They have great meals that are ready to cook. If you're looking for dinner or just for ideas, come here! More affordable than Sprouts and Whole Foods. The staff is friendly and helpful. I love coming here a few times a week. Also, they are open 24 hours!  Definitely check them out!
5	Friendly staff, clean store and a great variety!  I love their salads!  Everything is always fresh and in a lot of cases pre prepped.
3	I like the idea, selections, convenience of this 24 hour place but unfortunately I get low to mid grade food poisoning when I buy refrigerated food here all too often.  Can't recommend this place for that one reason.Management needs to look into this.  This is a serious problem and has been happening since I started shopping there 3 months ago.  I would like to return once this is resolved.
