3	Sandwich Culture is a straight up great place to grab a sandwich on the go.With cheap but appeasing teas, coffees and hot chocolates, it's a hot spot for people snacking on their lunch break.They have soup of the day, toasties, full breakfasts, ridiculously well priced baked potatoes and a number of sandwich fillings to see you through a day at work. If you're stopping by for leisure purposes, there are a few fold away tall chairs laid out so you can prop up the bar by the window. But this is a more functional sandwich bar rather than being somewhere you'd sit in. It's clean and cosy, but always crammed full of people waiting for their takeouts so if you're going to stay awhile I'd recommend coming first thing on a Monday morning.It's not black tie dining or an ambient coffee shop, but it does the job if you've got a grumbling belly at lunchtime. Fills a gap and is tasty enough!
5	My pals used to live above here when they were in second year at uni, and I made a few very satisfying visits here for a sarnie or a baguette. I was quite chuffed to find on a recent jaunt to the West End that it's still going strong, still staffed by the same old gent, and still an excellent place to grab a lunchtime treat.with a fairly comprehensive selection of breads and some quite fancy gourmet options, Sandwich Culture stands up to repeat visits, and is a bit of an institution amongst the office workers in this end of town. If you're round about here at lunchtime, it's well worth a vist.
4	If you are looking for a place to buy your lunch in the Haymarket area then you can't go wrong by coming in here.  As a lunch time stop it ticks all the boxes and will guarantee a pleasant and of course most importantly a tasty lunchtime - quite frankly what more can you demand of a shop.The prices here are very reasonable for what you are getting and you'll be able to mix and match to suit your taste which is always a nice touch.  The only problem here is that it can get quite busy during the busy parts of the middle of the day - it's a bit of a victim of its own success in this respect - so give it plenty of time in peak hours when you think it might be busy.  I've never heard of anyone with anything bad to say about this shop and I'm sure the same will apply to you when you give it a try.
3	I used to walk past Sandwich Culture every day from house just west of Haymarket to uni at George Square. There aren't as many chain shops around these here parts, apart from the nearby Starbucks and Beanscene, which might explain why so many of the independent shops around here are doing so well. Sandwich Culture basically offers a nice selection of sandwiches and baguettes, as well as juice and hot drinks andIt's year one hundred into the Edinburgh tram works and a lot of the workmen working on the roads nearby pop into Sandwich Culture for their luncheon.I would take "culture" here with a pinch of salt (which is actually what quite a lot of the sandwiches have in them). This joint is pretty cheap but the sandwiches aren't exactly gourmet. Overall though I'd still say it's pretty good value for money. The place has its regulars but also sees a lot of new faces being opposite the station. The guys inside are pretty friendly.
4	I paid a flying visit to Sandwich Culture for a breakfast roll, the other day. The roll was very tasty, featuring particularly good sausages. Overall, we said: "I was really pleased with Sandwich Culture. Their deli counter looked like it offered a nice range of sandwich options for lunchtime, too. I rarely find myself in this part of the world when I'm requiring lunchtime takeout, so it's more likely I'll continue to use it as an on-the-go breakfast place, but I'd be happy to recommend that you pay it a visit, when you're next in the west of the city."
