5	This was an incredible culinary experience!  One of the very best ever!  My wife and some friends were in Vegas for the weekend.  We decided to go out to see the shops at Lake Las Vegas.  As we walked around, we saw the Ritz Carlton on one of the maps.  We went in to look around, not knowing that the hotel was actually now the Ravella.  We noticed a chef at a carving station in a lounge.  As we looked at the menu, the chef, Marco, came up and asked us if we would like to see the food they were serving.  Thinking this was a Ritz, we were surprised at how friendly Marco was.  He took us to his station and showed us many of the dishes he was preparing, including the best prosciutto I've tasted in my life.  It was Pata Negra prosciutto, and it metled like butter.  After tasting that, we were hooked.  We decided to stay.  Our group of four shared a bottle of pino, had more prosciutto, crispy pork belly, grilled veggies, heirloom tomatoes....The food was great, but the service was even better, if that's possible.  Marco kept coming back and telling us little facts about the food.  Our server, Gerardo was also very good.  He was very attentive and it was obvious that he, and Marco, genuinely wanted us to have a great experience.  This was one of those excellent accidental finds.  We are so happy we stumbled into Marco's and Gerardo's lounge that night.  We will be back.
5	We were walking back to our room and saw the big chalkboard menu, it was so interesting, we had to stop by.The server was very friendly and took our order in a timely manner.They had a great small plates menu. I love this idea!I saw the Razor Clams and had to order it. She had the pear tarte tatin.They had this big rustic table full of heirloom tomatoes, giant dates, figs, pickled vegetables they made there.On one side they had Prosciutto De Parma and the other side had a Spanish Jamon Pate Negra, this is a cured ham like prosciutto from Spain. These are one of my favorite things in the world but I had to have the razor clams. The chef that was carving the hams was extremely friendly and very knowledgeable. We chatted for a few minutes.Then the food came, the razor clams were perfectly cooked and so tasty. Her pear tarte tatin was delicious, the pears were so fresh, sweet and juicy.The vanilla ice cream was just a perfect compliment.I highly recommend this place if you are staying there, even if you aren't its certainly worth the walk.
5	This is a great secret lounge in Vegas, one that many don't know about except for those who live in the area.  The food here is fabulous and the menu ever-changing.  Let me just say that I would eat here every single day if I lived nearby.  The menu catches your attention because it's a huge chalkboard.  They have pata negra just sitting on a table with stone fruit and other things around it.  Jars of honey and balsamic are visible, too, which gives the carving table this unique and yummy look.  Everything that comes out of that kitchen is beautiful and tasty.  The pata negra, however, was a meat-gasm in my mouth.  If they still have it you must try it.  You can taste the hazelnuts in the meat. Yummy!What a great little place to eat some lovely food.  Try it and you won't regret it.
1	This place doesn't exist!!! They refer you to "Sunset & Vines" and they are horrible! Avoid at all costs!!!
5	When this hotel was revella it was phenomenal! My bf and I reserved a suit for a great price and had a great time
