4	A sagat award restaurant, and deserves it! Love this place, every time I am in town. I'll try and stop by, located in Sam's Town. It's worth it!!
3	The food was okay, not great.  The service was very good and the convenience was great given it was inside the casino/hotel we were staying at.
5	We just recently visit this place again! What can I say, I will continue to come by when we are in town. Every time here I'll try something different. It just gets better.
5	So much fun!  The servers were so friendly and nice...which is always great!  The food was good, with huge portions...not the greatest Mexican food, but pretty good.  They serve really fresh chips, with 2 types of salsa and beans.  They definitely won points with us that way...in addition to the bottomless margaritas!  If you spend $12, you get unlimited refills on the $5 margaritas...what an excellent deal.  If I wasn't so full of Mexican good food I would have had more than just 2 margartitas.  A little gem tucked in Sam's Town.
5	Wow- we had such a good time here! They really did make it feel like a separate restaurant, instead of a restaurant inside a casino. The service was amazing! Our server was funny, kind and responsive- he even helped us get salt on the rim of our beer glasses. The busser also did an outstanding job of constantly keeping our water glasses filled. My Dad got the bottomless margarita- you have to order a $12 entree, which isn't too difficult, and buy a first $5 margarita, and then there are unlimited refills. The only downside to this meal was the margarita was not really that good. The  mix was very overly sweet- it just kind of tasted like melted slushy. The frozen was not strong at all, but the rocks was quite strong, but the mix was still cloying. My dad's entree was the garlic, white wine and orange juice chicken- they gave him three full chicken breasts, and he loved it. My mom and I split a combination player with two ground beef tacos. They were very good. The beans were great and we also loved that they give you beans with your salsa, to dip your 1000 chips in, (they seriously give you a bag's worth of chips I think). My parents said next time they come to vegas they'll come to Willy and Jose's even if they aren't staying at Sam's Town.
2	We checked out this place because we heard about their bottomless margaritas, and my wife was in the mood to get her margarita on.  We were very optimistic, but were ultimately disappointed in our visit.Drinks:  The margaritas were fine, but the refills on them were VERY slow to come.  This was a Sunday night, and not very busy, so I was disappointed at this.  Food:  We ordered a queso fundido for an appetizer. It was fine, but not as "dip-py" as I was expecting -- I was hoping for more of a cheese dip, not just melted cheese, which quickly congealed, and was hard to get on the chips after five minutes.  I ordered fajitas, and they were pretty tasty, standard, no complaints.  My wife ordered a chimichanga, one of her Mexican favorites, and was very disappointed to find it not at all crunchy/crispy, but more soggy.  Very disappointing.Overall Service: Aside from the margarita slow down, the rest of the service was also very slow -- timing of courses lagged, and for a slow night, the food came out very slow.  Most Mexican places we've been to are MUCH faster.  The water lady was VERY prompt, and came by many times, and that was great.  My wife drinks VERY fast, and we rarely had an empty water glass. It's too bad that lady wasn't in charge of refilling margaritas.We would give the food 2.5 stars, and the service 2 stars.  The price isn't that great for a Mexican place off-strip in Vegas, and there are a lot more authentic places with reasonable prices and better service.
1	sad part is Ive been putting off writing this review for awhile b/c I didnt want to think about it. BAR: I live really close to this casino maybe 7-10 minutes. the 1st time I came here the bar was kind of hidden behind the Roxy. But we really enjoyed it. Especially the gentleman bartender I want to say his name is Robert or Raul. Well since the renovation we came bk and sat at the bar which opens out to an awesome view of the mystic falls scenery and different colored christmas lights. My last visit here was not too long ago, shortly after my bday inwhich my bf gave me a VERY EXPENSIVE NEW PURSE. We'd seen it while shopping almost a year ago and he remembered and went bk to get it. Sweet right? well I put my very new expensive purse in the empty chair nxt to me. . Ladies understand this. . the guy kept grabbing my purse and the chair closer to him. so i pulled it back since this made me very VERY nervous. Then he yells at me saying how do you know someone's not sitting there? I said b/c there's nobody sitting there and no food there. so he slides a drink in front of it. after taking a huge sip? wth? really? I ignored him, an hr later and to make a long story short he gets the manager and she sides w/ him and instead of being mad at the fact that he grabbed my purse out of my hands and threw it across the bar - she gets a chair to put my purse nxt to the chair it was already in. Luckily the guy and his imaginary friend finished cussing me out and left. I will never go bk. The bartender the male and female were both nice to me but neithe rof them stuck for me to tell the manager that no, there was never anybody sitting there and this guy was being a jerk to a local patron. The custoemr that sat there after him was so nice and bought my bf and I a round of drinks, so nice. he was visiting from CA and was great.  Sad how you can have both ends of the spectrum within minutes. I cant blame the bar/cantina for the behaviour of this guy but I can blame them for the handling of the situation. Looking back I should have just left when he started harrassing me but hindsight is 20/20. I will never go back to this casino again.
4	We met friends for dinner tonight at Willy & Jose's.  Our server was a very friendly person with a fine sense of humor.  Two of us ordered a trio of proteins--shrimp, chicken, and beef.  My friend doesn't eat shrimp, so it was put in a bowl on the side with extra sauce and I had double shrimp.  Her husband had beef tacos, and my wife had a chicken dish--the name escapes me.We all enjoyed our entrees.  Very tasty sauces, good portions without being huge, and just the right amount of seasonings.For dessert, each couple shared an order of chocolate tacos.  The taco shell was a bit rubbery and was filled with vanilla ice cream.  We made the mistake of not picking it up and eating it like an ice cream sandwich when it was cold and still somewhat frozen.  We were given small spoons when we needed a knife to slice through the bottom of the taco.  Still, it was tasty if a bit challenging to eat.I'll return to Willy & Jose's.
3	I am surprised at the range of reviews of this place. It seems like everyone either loves it or hates it. Well, I am taking the middle of the road on Willy & Jose's. It is OK. Sometimes worse or better than others. They have moved locations inside Sam's Town, and neither of them are that impressive. The new location is cute and does have an outside patio which is in Sam's Town giant covered courtyard. This way you can sit outside even in the rain.The food is pretty good. It is also very large. If you like large portions this is a good place to eat, but you can easily share if you want. The chips and salsa are pretty good and plentiful. It is possible to fill yourself up on the chips, so be careful. I have had many of the dishes here and they're pretty good. But, if you are expecting authentic Mexican, go elsewhere. The tacos, burritos and re-fried beans are good enough, but the Spanish Rice seems to always miss it. It looks the part, but never has any real spice to it.The service is hit or miss. I have been there when the server is around whenever you need them and when you can never find one. Don't look for great service here. I think you will be disappointed. I have also never gotten a worth wild margarita at Willy & Jose's. I know they have a bottomless margarita, if you ever get asked if you want another, but seriously, why bother. They really aren't worth the price of one.The last issue I have is the price of all items. The prices are a l bit high for just ok food. Bring up the quality to match the price.
1	Well my wife and decided to try Willy and Jose's again. We first ate there about 6 yrs ago. So we decided to try it again.This second visit 6 tears later confirms it. What an awful place.They served us the usual tortilla chips, salsa and bean dip.  The chips were old and hard. Bean dip .... Nothing to crow about. Salsa tasted canned.  The wife ordered a strawberry margarita. More strawberry syrup and not enough booze. $ 8.00 for a $ 2.00 drink.Wife ordered chicken enchiladas with mole. She enjoyed it.I ordered a 3 item combo. Pork tamale tasted fine but it was covered with a poor canned tasting enchilada sauce; the chili relleno was filled with cheese reminiscent of Velveeta or Cheese Whiz..the relleno was a little bit over fried.. And the flauta was not crispy at all. Soft like a enchilada. Service was okay but it could not makeup for the dismal food. I'm definitely not a fan. Won"t go back. Roberto's greasy Mexican food is heads above the garbage served at Willy & Jose's.
2	My husband made reservations but since the place was empty they weren't needed.. The atmosphere was nice, sitting outside by the Mystic Falls and the wait staff was nice. We started with a margaritas. I had a regular one on the rocks and my husband a frozen strawberry..They were pretty weak. The chips and salsa were a disappointment . The chips were stale, the salsa bland and bean dip tasted canned. For an appetizer we had the potato skins. They were good but we had barely started on them when our food came.The food was warm but not hot like I would have expected.  I had the fish tacos and was expecting a fish fillet not chopped up breaded fish pieces that looked more like breaded clams. My husband ordered a taco, beef enchilada and a cheese enchilada but received 2 beef enchiladas (one ground one shredded) and a taco.. He said they were kind of bland.As we were finishing our server brought the check. I had to ask if we could have flan. She was a little embarrassed and the flan was the best thing of the meal.I don't blame the server for the food. The kitchen needs an overhaul of staff that would make sure the food comes out hot and at the right time.
2	Great location. They should do more with it. Food is standard Mexi-American, nothing notable, really. Asked for hot salsa, got something passably decent. Margarita was most, if not all, syrup. No tang or booze. Too sweet to even finish. Ordered a cheese crispy, expecting sizzling hot cheese and, well, crispy. Nope. Plenty of cheese, but soggy tortilla and the middle wasn't even melted. Service, ok, not great. If you've ordered, you'll never see the waiter again. Overall: meh.
2	Willy and Jose's only gets two stars and that is because the food was good.  The prices where to high for a Mexican Restaurant in Las Vegas.  The service was terrible.  I ordered a Cadillac Margarita that is supposed to come with a float of Grand Marnier.  The Margarita showed up and it was over flowing because it was watered down.  I like mine on the rocks, so I am guessing it just sat at the bar while the waitress (we were one of two tables she had) did something else with her time.  I drank a few drinks out of it and my wife reminded me of the float.  So the margarita sat there getting more watered down while I waited for the waitress to come back to the area of her only two tables.  Finally she showed up and I reminded her of the float so she took it back to the bar.  I figured they would remake it.  Nope all the did was add a half shot of Grand Marnier and send it back.  It was 80% water by this time and terrible.  My wife had iced tea,  the waiter who had the section next to us kept his tables well watered and well taken care of on iced tea and soda.  Do you think that he could come to any other section other than his?  Nope not at all.  He by passed us every time.  I asked the busser for some more tea for my wife and she went to go and get the server.  It was terrible service, then I was charged for a soda and I only had water.  Then it was a huge production to get the $2.75 taken off that they charge for soda.  Like I said the only redeeming quality was that the food was cooked properly and tasted good.  There are to many good places to go for Mexican food in Las Vegas to waist my time with Willie and Jose's.
4	If you're already at Sam's Town and hankering for Mexican, this is the place to go.  While you're there, make sure to sit in Maverick's section. His service leaves you smiling and happy.
4	I've been here a few times over the years. I'd probably eat here more if I didn't live on the opposite side of town.I've always enjoyed my experience here and look forward to eating there again.
3	Last night (Feb. 11th, 2013) I went out to dinner with my folks.  We agreed on getting Mexican food.  But, we settled for Willy & Jose's.  As I have stated in a previous review, I allow myself one night per week to eat out.  So, my folks wanted to hitchhike on my night.  I like my folks so that was no problem... well small problem, they eat a lot earlier than I would like.  But, whatever...We get to Sam's Town around 5 pm, park, and take a small escalator ride to Willy & Jose's.  As we walked up, I noticed that the outside seating was full.  Crazy!!!  Anyhow, we check in and were immediately seated, inside.  Our seats were near the Kitchen, so there was a lot of foot traffic around us.Our drink orders were taken immediately.  Our complimentary chips, salsa, and beans showed up on the table.  After eating a couple of chips I was done.  They were too stale for me.  So, I refrained.  As we looked at our menu, I had to help my Aunt figure out how to order Chicken and Rice.  That's all she likes when we go out.* Side note:  Over the past few years I tried to get my Aunt to try new things - new places.  But, no matter where we went, Mexican, Japanese, Thai etc... she found a way to just order Chicken and Rice.  I gave up and just accepted it.Back to my review...So, our waiter, Ramero (sp?), was great.  He is the reason I give 3 stars.  He was friendly and witty, as well as efficient.  He made sure our drinks were always full and checked in on us from time to time, to make sure we were alright.We order and within 15 minutes or so, our meals came out.  My aunt's chicken and rice was covered with cheese, green sauce and peppers.  She forgot to ask for her meal without all of the mess.  So, for the next couple of minutes, she scraped all of it off and put it on a smaller plate.  The chicken was too spicy for her but she survived.  My folks both ordered the Fajita special... which came out sizzling... so that's a plus.  They raved over it.  Maybe that should have been the move I needed to make.  But, I'm not a big fan of onions and peppers.  So, I would have felt foolish ordering it that way.  So, I decided to get the shredded beef burrito.  Again, it came out covered with cheese and green sauce.  All of our meals came with the same sides. - Beans w/ cheese, rice, lettuce w/ sour cream and tomatoes.  Bland is the word that describes the sides.  The burrito I had was so-so, but edible.We were finished with dinner in about 15 - 20 minutes.  I am one that always wants to take part of my meal home, so I can eat it later.  I have always been like that... so don't judge!!!  *On another side note: It was nice that they had the bathrooms in the restaurant.  So, I didn't have to walk into the casino to find one.
2	Have you ever had authentic Mexican food that makes you smile just thinking about it? Yeah-me too. Unfortunately, this pretender is the exact opposite of authentic! Shame on you Willy and Jose for serving this crap.Here is what I did like......The available seating in the courtyard of Sam's Town is pretty cool- it felt like I was on vacation. Within minutes, chips and a mild salsa were brought to our table. I enjoyed the salsa, but didn't care much for the bean dip that came along with it. Ok-that's all the positive things I can say about this place.For dinner, I selected the green burrito. The menu described it as chile verde (slow roasted pork) with beans inside of a large flour tortilla topped with melted cheese and green sauce. Here is the problem, the chile verde was lacking any flavor at all. Most versions of this dish have onions, peppers, and spices infused throughout. All I could taste here was meat, cheese, and a soggy tortilla. Perhaps the soaking wet lettuce and over ripe tomatoes that accompanied my dish had something to do with this watered down entree. I am so sick of Mexican restaurants trying to pass this off as some delicious salad. All this does is create a puddle in the middle of my plate and turn the cheese into a curdled mess. The rice and beans were atrocious. The rice tasted like that boxed crap from rice a roni, and the beans were boring and chalky.The service at this restaurant was OK. Three different people brought things out, so I couldn't really tell who our server was. I did ask one of the employees if they made their own tortillas and her response was " I don't know". Hah? Our bill came out to a little more than $ 30.00 for two entrees and two sodas. Overpriced for mediocre food! I'd rather have my dog pass gas in my face than eat at this place again.....
1	It was such a nice day I wanted to find a patio to sit on and drink a margarita. I was a little fooled by a review that mentioned "outdoor" seating. I guess I still can't wrap my head around all the fake b.s. that makes up this weird town. Yeah, no outdoors to be had. So I walk in and head for the bar.Margaritas - boring and watered down. Nothing exciting and really I can't believe that a casino would make something so ridiculously weak. They were fairly cheap though so that was ok.Chips and Salsa - Boring again. The bean dip and salsa had no flavor. The chips were kinda stale. I kept wishing there was flavor. None to be had.Fajitas - Seriously, even Casa Bonita does a better job. God were they ho hum. I mean at least TRY to put a little flavor in there. Service - The guy was nice enough but it seemed like he was tired and burned out. He was trying to be nice but you can tell he's been in Las Vegas too long.Atmosphere - It would have been ok but then some horrible music started up. Apparently, yet another cheesy, mouth breather "light show." The blaring sound of "Cotton Eyed Joe" had me practically running out the door. No, I won't be back. This is the first time I've been in Sam's Town and see NO REASON AT ALL to ever make it a second time. Place was just sad. I drove back home wondering if real Mexicans get irate at the insulting bastardization of their food. I KNOW this crap isn't what they eat. Save your money and go elsewhere. Anyone who has given this place a good review should stop reviewing anything because you CLEARLY have poor taste.
2	The two stars are for our bus boy and the one attempt our server made to help us. FOOD- was horrible. The chips were ok. Salsa was ok, beans were bland.  I ordered a combo plate, a pork tamale, and a chille rellano. The pork tamale had next to no meat.. I scraped most of it out and it was one bite. The chile rellano was slimy and salty. The beans and rice were bland.  I didn't eat much of it. My fiance ordered a shrimp burrito. It was not as described to us when we asked and it smelled. Like rotten fish. Not only that but it was full of "scallops". Which turned out to be bat ray wing, not even real scallops, those were chewy. He sent the whole thing back because of the smell and the tortilla was soggy/mushy it had the consistency of mashed potatoes.  15 bucks for THAT? C'mon now. Our friends had a burrito and combo plate, they were not impressed either. SERVICE- We had to wait 20 minutes for a table when over half the restaurant was empty. We ended up with a crappy table.   The bus boy should have been our waiter. He was pleasant and came back promptly and frequently to ask if we needed anything and to refill our drinks.  Our waitress wasn't awful, but she was short, and acted like we were a huge inconvenience the second she walked up.  She did however look worn out and made an attempt to be pleasant about the burrito we sent back. It took a while to have our order taken, which would have been fine had they been even slightly busy. I tried to get a group of employees attention to take the check, I held it up and they just looked at me and went back to talking. Our friends and I were leaving when my fiance was stopped by the manager and asked how everything was. He told her he felt it was over priced for the quality, and some issues with the food. Like his mushy, smelly, burrito,  and my tamale having no meat. She got snotty and said "you're wrong , I watched them make the tamales". She then said "well if you had a problem you should have said something before" ( um hello, genius, we sent food back and told our waitress!)  This is what angered us the most. Don't ask people what they thought and be rude if you don't like the answer! Very unprofessional. We still paid our full bill so it's not like we don't have a right to complain when asked.  Change the garbage you serve and you won't have as many problems!  We won't be back, over priced,  bad food, and so-so service.
4	Reviews on W&Js are all over the place.   We stayed at Sams for 5 nights and ate here twice.  Happy both times.   The food was maybe just above average .   We had marguaritas over the rocks (the only way) and were good.   Probably just depends on who is bartending.    1st time, they were perfect.  Not overly sweet with plenty of taquila.   2nd time, they were pretty ordinary but still good.   We sat inside the 1st time and then sat out on the patio which is nice.   The waterfall show is fine but just not while we're trying to enjoy our dinner.   If you have room for dessert, their flan is exceptional.
5	What can I say? Great food, great little 'patio' that overlooks the waterfall and daily water show in the atrium at Sam's Town. If you go for dinner, that is the best time to watch the light show. What really blew me away was the $9.99 Bottomless Margaritas and Endless Tacos! Yea, I wrote that right...$9.99...and they are great Margaritas and Tacos. Get off the strip and experience an awesome place!
5	We get to Vegas about once every 3 years or so. We always go out to W&J for dinner. Went there on Monday night to watch the 49ers win. Sat at the bar, had all you can eat tacos, beer and margaritas. Reuben, he bartender was attentive and very friendly. Kept our drinks full while taking care of everyone else. Our tacos were very good, one of us had ground beef and one had chicken. The meat in the tacos was plentiful and flavorful. My margaritas were good and the beer was nice and cold. The atmosphere was fun and relaxed. Was able to watch the laser and water show from the bar. Had a wonderful night and will go again next time we in Vegas.
3	Decent food, service was OK.  Let me rephrase that, the waitress that waited on us was nice and very attentive. We had a party of 8 for my dads 70th birthday party and I made reservations for 6, my party was late so the hostess informed me that they only hold the table for fifteen minutes... understandable but she was just rude about it. I also brought a birthday cake with me and the actually charge an additional $10 to bring your own, crazy!The food was alright, I had the beef enchiladas and it was good, the rice and beans were kind if bland. Meal was $13Gratuity for party of 8 %18The part that makes the whole place worth while is the location, right beside the magical forest and there is balcony seating the is out on the patio. The ambiance is nice.
4	Good food. My boyfriend and I both had chimichangas and the portions were huge! Both were good and it was nice to sit on the "patio" and listen and watch the show. Sams Town is becoming one of our favorite places!
1	Took my wife to this joint. Not impressed,  I ordered the most basic of mexican cuisine,  Chile Rellenos & Tamales and were disgusting, tasteless and offensive. Do not waste your money, Taco Bell would of been 100x's better
1	I've been coming to Sam's Town since the mid 90s, and each trip always included at least one visit to Willy and Jose's, and after I moved to Vegas a year ago, the visits stayed just as frequent. 15 years ago, the food, staff and service were amazing. However, ever since they moved into their current location (what used to be an Italian place originally), everything has gone downhill. I remember coming to visit year after year and having the same bartender, the same host and the same servers. Of course, all of them are long gone now - what a shame. The last 3 times I have visited, the hostess has been extremely rude or non existent. Tonight, we stood there for 10 minutes and kept being told "be right back". Finally, someone comes and tells us that their wait list has disappeared. Before I could even ask how long the wait was, she ran off. In between all this, she slammed into us with a stack of menus and just said "be right back". Eventually they locate their very modern piece of paper with names scribbled on and without even saying a time, ask for my name and start to write it down. After they finish, they say about 30 minutes. Where was that 15 minutes ago when we started? Oh, that rude hostess? She was wearing a shirt that indicated she works at the buffet. Either they are short handed or she was "too busy" to change. I'll go with the latter, since I've seen her there before. On the times where the rude staff weren't enough to conquer my hunger, the food is average at best. The value is decent, however avoid the bar. The drinks are extremely overpriced for the quality you get. Servers don't listen when you order. A perfect example is ordering a margarita without salt. Of course, he brings it with salt and like any reasonable customer would, I refused it. He walked back to the bar, took another glass and dumped the same margarita in another glass and brings it back to the table with a hefty amount of salt at the bottom. I do hope the powers that be, will look at this and assess their once famous Mexican restaurant.
5	A decent Mexican food restaurant off the strip in Las Vegas. This restaurant is located inside of Sam's Town. I like the food and service here. I would also be willing to say, that it's one of my favorite Mexican food restaurants in Vegas. Certainly, if you are visiting or staying at or near this property, you should give W & J's a shot. It's good for a dependably filling, tasty meal at a very reasonable off the Strip price.
3	It has been a while since I was last at Willy and Jose's and I think I remember the food being better.  It seems that their location change to where the old cafe used to be has affected it.  That is not to say that the food was bad.  The chips, salsa and bean dip were all pretty good.  I ordered two item combo with a chicken tamale and beef flauta.  The tamale, while tasting good, was small with little meat and a thin layer of masa.  The flauta was filled with delicious beef and was quite good.  It was odd to me that it came out covered in enchilada sauce.  I am used to getting a flauta dry with a scoop of sour cream and guacamole on the side.  The rice and beans on the plate were both OK though not my favorite version.  The rice was more spiced and more heavily seasoned than I like.  And I typically prefer black beans to refried most anywhere I go.  As for the rest of the parties meals, my grandma did not care for her chile relleno stating that is was "different."  This is not in any way a mark against Willy and Jose's.  My grandma is just very particular in what she likes and if it is not what she gets at home it is not good.  My dad, on the other hand, said the relleno was good but perhaps on the spicy side for the more sensitive eater.  I would not know.  I don't eat rellenos.  I did, however, take home the left overs from my aunt's meals.  The chicken quesadilla was loaded and quite filling.  The steak boracho from my other aunt was tough and lacked significant seasoning though I could smell the whiskey it was marinated/cooked in.  I just simply could not taste it.  Finally, the margaritas ordered by my aunts were sent back for not having enough tequila.  They consider themselves margarita connoisseurs and should know a bad drink from a good.  The waitress seemed to agree that the bar tender had not used enough tequila and was happy to add a bit for them.  Over all, not a bad meal at Willy and Jose's but I've had better from the same place in the past.
3	Food was good, service was ok.  Nothing bad to write about, but nothing outstanding either.  Decently priced and tasty.
2	Dined here on 5/17...average at best...food ok, margaritas eh...service ok...ambience eh...there's two other similar restaurants that I can think of in Las Vegas that offer more authenticity, tastier cuisine and much better margaritas. Try Viva Zapatas on E. Craig Rd. if you're in North Las Vegas or Lindo Mihoacan on Flamingo Rd. in East Las Vegas. You'll get more bang for your $$.
5	Took my daughter to Willy & Jose's tonight for her birthday. We were greeted with a smile and seated promptly.  Our drink orders were taken, and complimentary chips and salsa delivered very quickly . We placed our orders and enjoyed the show.  Dinner arrived and the serving size was very large. I had the chicken chimichonga, very tasty. Chicken tasted like it had come fresh off the grill, so good! Served with refried beans and rice.  Our waitress checked on us several times, and our glasses were never empty. Being a local, we try out several restaurants a year.  We have been to Sam's Town several times but this was a first visit to Willy & Jose's. I will be back again. Service was wonderful, food excellent!  Price was budget friendly.
4	Shockingly good, better than it has to be. Chicken fajitas was seasoned well, fresh veggies, etc. Tortillas fresh, flaky. My dad had a burrito, fresh, not oily.This doesn't seem like "authentic" Mexican food to me... in LA, it's all over the place but "authentic" Mexican food sometimes is a sloppy/greasy mess where all the flavors run into each other.  Not here.  Everything is distinct.Also, the service was great... totally attentive, a waiter and a 'helper' refilling drinks.  Sometimes, a third person would jump in.  My cup literally was never less than half full.What a pleasant surprise.
4	This is a nice little place. I enjoyed my taco salad. The food is good, but what one would expect at this price point. The people that work there are what makes this a place I'll return to. Very friendly and attentive. They are chipper, and they smile and look happy. They make you feel happy and welcome. We sat on the "outside" patio. It was nice and fresh and open, but really noisy. So I recommend this area for the kids and boisterous friends. First dates and intimate conversations would be better inside.
