1	Went there tonight for the Grand Opening hoping to catch Authority Zero for my last night in town. Paid 45 bucks for 3 tickets (fair price) waited in line 45 minutes ( my fault for showing up late) and left after being inside for 5 minutes. The first minute was adjusting to the smell of B.O. and funk that slams you in the face followed by the stifling heat and humidity combination, and lastly the floor seemed to be collecting pools of water every few feet in any direction. If I hear some upgrades are made I might give it another try, otherwise no thanks. Next time take an extra week and spend some money on a proper cooling system and get some ventilation.
5	Here to see Tantric! Nice venue !!! Disagree with the previous comment about the AC! It is actually cold in here! Big open space with a lot of room! Great sound and reasonable drink prices!  Were looking forward to going back for sure!!!
2	The only reason I am giving it 2 stars is that it is one of the only venues doing Metal shows these days... New place is not good though. NO A/C during Prong show or so little airflow we almost passed out. Outside/smoking area is tiny. Very little sitting areas. Drinks are still so expensive, especially for a dive-bar/venue. The only good thing is the floor is pitched and 2 levels. The 2nd room had a different group playing and the noise combo was not good. Location is shady at best... again tho, one of a few venues we will be gong to due to concerts but not by choice.
3	The venue is now HUGE! The old Club Red was pretty small and this location can hold much larger shows. I would compare the new Club Red to The Nile Theatre as far as layout, but this one has a bar, thankfully! It was a sweaty, sweaty show, and it wasn't even summer time. It's October. It's ok though. I actually had a really good time when I saw Senses Fail last week. The sound was really good and I was able to get close enough to see the stage. I'm pretty short, so I'm not usually in luck at concerts and the floor is just flat so I can't even stand at the back of the room to get a better view. Overall this venue was fine. I know it's better than it was and that's really all you can hope for in life! Keep bringing good bands here and I'll be back.  Rock on!
3	Seen my first show since they moved locations.  I was a fan of the original Club Red so had very high expectations for this one.So days before this show, my friend and I traveled here to see where the venue was located.  I dont care if it's in a run down plaza w/ nothing really in it.  There was plenty to park (somethin old Club Red lacked, didnt matter because I get to every show early anyways)  The only problem is it can be hard to find w/o having very visible signs.  Doesnt piss me off, but for other people it might. Would be better if they put in some big neon sign or something.Now with the show itself.  The security breach is pretty much the same. Empty pockets, ID, metal detector, etc etc. No problem as always for me.  First thing when you walk in the door is the restrooms (other doors too, when leaving there was some rap thing going on in the other room, think it's the new Red Owl) When you get into the actual venue itself, you notice the new bar.  The bar looks very un-bary.  I'm not a drinker much, so I barely go to any bar so I stayed away from it.  Since coming in early to any show, if possible, I go to the front and stay there the whole event.  So looking at the stage, it looks just a tad bit bigger, I thought it was going to be bigger than it was, but it's still a cool stage.  Now the crowd space, for some reason, looks smaller than the old location.  I dont know if the little lounge in the middle and the soundboard guys threw me off, but it just looked smaller to me.  Now there wasn't too many people in the venue at this show, so the AC everyone was talking about seemed fine to me (maybe they fixed it?)  Everything in the concert itself sounded fine, but they need to turn up the vocals more.  Seems to happen at both Club Reds.So overall, I'm still a fan of Club Red in general, I'm just a fan of the original location just a little more.  If this new one can fix a few minor mistakes, it could easily hit 5 stars
2	I have seen some pretty great shows at the old venue and I loved it there. The new location isn't the same though and that is a bummer
1	Terrible sound & air ventilation! I've been to 2 shows in the past 2 weeks and both have been awful. Could barely hear the bands at all. They've even mentioned how bad they sound in between songs. Unfortunately looks like we'll be missing some of our favorites if they play here in the future. Nothing against small venues at all - actually like them a lot but many things lacking here. The only thing that's working for this place is quick service at the bar and clean bathrooms.
2	Facts about this venue;Pros;They get great shows.The venue is now a lot bigger.You can actually park in the parking lot as it fits more than 30 cars.Cons;They have literally the worse staff in the industry. (Literally)The new venue itself is in a terrible location.Sound system is not really on par with what expected compared to old club red which was always good.New location should have meant getting better, and growing.  It feels like they took several steps back, or bit off way more than they could chew with the way this place is now run.I will still attend occasionally but greatly prefer other venues like crescent, marquee, and the nile.
1	The sound quality at this venue is quite possibly the worste I have ever had to endure. If it wasn't for a band playing here that I haven't seen in 20 years id take off. What a disservice to musicians everywhere. I get better audio out of my stock ford F150 stereo....LITERALLY.
4	Went to watch The Green and J Boog last night.  The place is a good size and has quick bartenders.  They also have a huge parking lot.  Only con i had was the lack of seating.  There were a few tables with chairs, but i think they could line some chairs up along the wall for people who prefer to sit and enjoy the show.Overall, a clean venue! I would definitely come back depending on the performer.
1	It would be a cool venue if the staff didn't have such bad attitudes. The fact that I remember the head of security being a douche more so than any of the awesome bands I was there to see equals a bad time....which nobody wants when they pay their hard earned money to attend. It seems to be the same issues this place had in Tempe.Overly aggressive security....bad attitudes from all the staff...bad sound..overpriced drinks.I will never go to this venue again.I hope 13th floor gets it figured out and finds a new venue to book shows.Note to the security staff....YOU ARE NOT THE SHOW. PEOPLE ARE NOT THERE TO SEE YOU AND IF THEY REMEMBER YOU...which they always seem to...IT'S BECAUSE YOU AREN'T DOING YOUR JOB CORRECTLY.Club Red = LAME.
5	This venue is a step above every other venue in regards to customer safety, and sound. The precautions taken are necessary,  friendly,  and swift. Most shows are all ages, so liquor control is a priority. Tyler and Dennis are friendly and prompt. Ask them for the special.
