1	I was at this Ross last night because I had wanted to take a look at some dresses, but it was already close to closing hours.  I bought a couple of dresses that I considered cute in my size thinking I can go home and try them on.  They didn't fit right so today I went back to the store with my items and receipt.I stood in line for 20 minutes when this middle-aged Hispanic woman came in.  She noticed me standing there waiting for the customer service agent to assist me, and as the agent became free she swooped in and said "Ooh I was just here I forgot my receipt in the car", and I replied, "I was standing in line for 20 minutes already..." The cashier just smirk and took her receipt and started returning her items.  Then it was finally my turn after 30 minutes of standing there, I confronted her and asked her if she had seen me waiting patiently on her assistance and why she served the other lady first.  She smirked again and just said, "I didn't see you there."  I asked to speak her Manager, and her Manager (who was standing pretty much beside her the whole time) said yes she saw me waiting in line the whole time and apologized.I appreciate the apology but that type of racism and rudeness is something that is such a turn-off to me.  I informed the Manager that I will be rating this store much much lower than the other stores.SOOO, only go here if you wanna be treated like shit!
1	I tend to get dragged into this particular Ross Store.  But it honestly reminds me of a Goodwill version of Walmart.  I'm not ragging on Goodwill, because I occasionally shop there to keep up with my out of date hipster style, but since I'm associating it with Walmart (which is a stone's throw away) you could imagine the amount of fail that is within those doors.Yes, their are some good deals there but the atmosphere, long lines, horrible customer service just leaves me wondering "how the hell is this place still in business".And what the hell is the deal with those long poles on the shopping carts? This isn't Michigan where you need poles on top of your car to see around corners in the winter. It's like Ross thinks their demographic is remedial adults or something. And how does the line always a 15 minute wait.Seriously people, TJ Maxx isn't that far and it's the same exact thing, minus the shitiness.
1	This Ross Store is a well kept store the prices are reasonable the workers could use a few fake smiles or two. My shopping experience was great up until it was time to check out. The manager took a personal call while helping the customer check out and I couldn't believe a manager would do that in front of the whole store he was arguing with the other person on the phone and was making threatening statements against what sounded like a women. I truly was disgusted by his behavior and wish I knew his name to let the district manager know. The co workers all seemed comfortable as if it was a regular thing. shame on you !
