4	I had to come check out the new Grocery store in the 'hood.  It was jumping on a Sunday afternoon, great location ( near Sundrops Nail Salon, The Grind AZ, Baskin Robbins, Fenix etc. ), easy to find everything in the store.  Fresh?  They do have a fresh produce, the majority of the store is typical for a supermarket.  Many name brands, well lit and everything from fruit, ice cream, beer and wine to toothpaste, milk, etc.  I will be back for shopping trip.  After a poolside yoga session and great conversation with good friends at a local resort ( Montelucia ), I was starving.  Picked up a sandwich and chips for a quick, healthy lunch and now off to the Scottsdale Culinary Festival!
4	This is by fay the largest Fresh & Easy I've been to in the Phoenix area. Keep an eye out in the mail for grand opening coupons - we saved $15 using them today. Be forewarned though that they don't take manufacturers store coupons though. I love their own brand items - they're great quality and much less expensive than the name brand stuff. I love F&E, but find their non-food items are a little more expensive than a regular grocery store. Be sure to pick up the list of gluten free items at the counter to check their selection.
5	Finalmente!  I'm not what you'd call a "great cook" or a "good cook" by any stretch of the imagination.  I make two things very well; cereal and reservations.  Like a superhero swooping out of the UK, F & E has saved the day... and my living situation.  Sure there's a lot of great take-out places nearby (Rubio's, Pei Wei, Chipotle, etc) and there's huge grocery stores down the street.  But none of these offer what F & E does.  Small, manageable, cheap, quick, and sized for one.  If my wife and I don't feel like cooking or going out or ordering delivery, we walk over to Fresh and Easy pick out a few of their single-serving, fresh, delicious, never-frozen, scrumptious pre-packaged dinners.
5	Best Grocery Store In Town!  It's great that I can zip-in and zip-out so quickly, and their prices are great.
4	I was so excited when i found out that we were finally getting a Fresh and Easy in our neighborhood, i couldn't wait to drop by. I wasn't disappointed.The store offers a great selection of grab-and go dinners. I'm a big fan of the four cheese pasta and the tortellini. The pizzas are great too, and not expensive at all.The store also has a great clearance section of items that are set to expire...your best bet to get a deal on these is to go first thing in the morning...you can toss them in the freezer and use them later.Any of their lemonade combos is killer for a relaxing drink on the way home...and check out is all self serve and quick.
4	I visit this place at least 3-4 times a week and never leave empty handed. Had the banana sorbet and picked up some marinated carne asada for under $10 bucks. Could use a rotation or different selection on the prepared meals. Gotta watch the dates on items or you definitely need to ad spices.  John
5	They always have great new things to try... visit this location every week and Im never disappointed. Not only are Fresh and Easy stores cheap to begin with, but they run some of the best deals weekly in town. Not to mention they have a discounted section in every store. Luv the grab-and Go section for when Im in a hurry for a lunch or dinner...they are very good. Pizzas are excellent as welll as the Hummas and their brand of chips.Can sign up online for coupons  = $6 off of a $30 purchase which make good deals even better....amazing.
4	Although I'm not a fan of the name this concept is great - I'll give it to them... it's Fresh and it's Easy. You know when you've gone shopping, get home and realize you've forgeten butter athe thought of running back to the grocery store is just painful? Like, nothing sounds more awful. Well, I don't get that super annoyed feeling about going to Fresh & Easy... the parking is easy, the store is small, there aren't 87 butters to choose from each with a flashing tag, a "buy one get one" or "club card" purchase price - nope, simple and straightforward - two options - and then you get to check yourself out. I totally love Fresh & Easy when you don't need to do major shopping. Great to buy a couple meals at a time and the $2.99 wine is PERFECT for sangria.
2	Unfortunately I did not have the best experience at this location. Let me first say that my wife and I are HUGE Fresh & Easy fans and have been avidly shopping at the chain for over three years now. A majority of our grocery budget goes to these stores because of their fantastic selection, prices, and amount of healthier products (no added hormones, coloring, HFCS, etc.).My wife and I used to visit the Tempe location religiously when we both had apartments near Arizona State, but since we've moved in together at our new place in Phoenix this is the most convenient location because of its proximity to work and home. I don't know what the difference is between the two other than location, but every time we have gone into the Phoenix location we have always dealt with very grumpy employees. We usually write off the experience because we are happy enough to be shopping in our favorite store, but the caliber of employee interaction is FAR better at the Kyrene & Baseline location than here. Our interaction with the employees the other night is what finally pushed me over the edge to write a review.My wife and I are both students and I work all day, so most of our shopping is done at night. We went to this location as usual to pick up our weekly supply of groceries. When we reached checkout I brought out my coupon which I receive from the e-newsletter and proceeded to scan it. I have been told on many occasions from employees at that location to try and scan the coupon multiple time to make sure I get the best savings. Since there is no condition on the coupon itself that says we can't use it more than once on a transaction and we spend over $120 per trip it has always been nice to save $20 here and there (it's actually one of the reasons we stopped going to Fry's and Safeway). I was confronted by a very rude Justin Bieber look-a-like who bluntly told me that we weren't allowed to do that. This was a bit puzzling because we had done it before, so I had mentioned that it makes no sense. In a rude, sarcastic tone he told me that "Actually, it makes perfect sense", meanwhile not actually talking to me but walking around with his head down tending to other things, as he moved on while completely disregarding my issue. The Tempe location knew who my wife and I were when we would come in, greet us by name, and even had an extra coupon in case we forgot ours. I understand that your company is trying not to give money away, but as a customer for quite some time now, saving a few bucks on our $150 grocery stop really isn't putting you out of business. Not only that but I have said nothing but good things to everyone I know in order to gain your stores more business.When he awkwardly asked us if we wanted to speak with a manager he got on his radio and asked if they accept more than one coupon per transaction. He held up his radio and turned the volume up as some disembodied voice called out "No!". That was it. No customer-facing help, no compromise for regular customers, he didn't even look at me while he was talking.This experience will not keep me from visiting Fresh & Easy stores, but I won't shop at this location again. This may seem like a pretty trivial matter, but the employees at this store need to learn some customer experience skills. I will be posting a positive review for the store in Tempe, since I have never had a bad experience there.
5	This place has become my everyday grocery store...its not overwhelming like most and the prices are amazing...you really cannot beat them...i love the fresh and easy brand items they are awesome!!! They also have nale brznd products but personally i like their products better most of the time...i can get pretty much everything there...their selection isnt the largest but that is ok that means i wont stand there for 30 min trying to figure out what kind of yogurt to buy...the products they do have are great quality!! I love the meal suggestions for a budget...the only thing i would like if they had a larger produce section but i am not complaining.  I love how i can get in and out i never have to stay and wait in line forever like at most grocery stores...they actually have a decent wine and beer selection as well for being a smaller grocery store...the staff there is very nice and helpful and i love that back sampling table b/c they will have multiple samples so you can try their products!!!!!! i cannot say enough great things
5	I want to live here and just eat nothing but Fresh & Easy things. This is possibly the best place ever for single people, however always WATCH your expiration dates! Really great vegetable packages to steam in the microwave - suprised at how reasonable they were, and they taste better in Trader Joe's...probably due to the fact that they include butter in the package. This parking lot is a huge pain in the ass, really close spaces and a pain to get in and out of, but it's worth it. Don't go right at noon or 5pm, Camelback is a pain.
5	If going to a super sized store & spending 2-3 hours on Saturday morning doing your grocery shopping is your thing than this probably is not the place for you. But, if you have a busy life style, you want to run in & out and get something healthy to eat, then  Fresh & Easy is the place for you.A very friendly staff, affordable, a great sampling area in the back, and exceptional quality (produce, as well as pre-made meals.) They also have the best Lemonade in their refrigerated section.
3	I've always gone to Fresh and Easy for a quick dinner. It's fairly cheap and the quality is alright. Seems however that the price has gone up lately and the quality has gone down.. I'm not sure if it is only this particular location or not (quality at least). I still go every now and then to get their delicious humus or to browse their day of stuff. Otherwise, I feel that you can almost spend the same amount going out to eat as you might at F&E. For the quality you might as well go out.
4	Very clean and organized with decent prices, but doesn't have the character, charm, and interesting assortment of goods like Trader Joe's. My favorite thing to do near closing time is pick up some stuff that's been marked down 'cause it won't be as "fresh" the next day.
4	you will be in and outta here in 20 minutes max!make sure to check your mail for coupons on tuesday!$5 off of a $25 purchase is a great deal!
3	Nice if they have what you're looking for.  Limited selection can be a plus or a minus.
5	If I were to set up a market this is how I'd do it.  All of the essentials and then some, reasonably priced, friendly staff, easy to navigate and get in/out.Try any of the house brand stuff - most of which is delicious and cheap.  Hit it at the right time and you can score huge on the discount aisle.Their coupon/points system is easy and can save even more.  I can count on one hand the number of times I've been to my old place since they opened this one.Granted, if you have a huge family and typically go to Wal-Mart and buy in bulk, this may not be the place for you - but if you have a small family, are single or are in a relationship with no kids - score.
5	Best grocery store in the world. The lobster mac & cheese is a must buy.
5	This little grocery store packs a big punch: affordable wines, delicious pre-marinated meats, easy and tasty "meals to go" - this grocery store is super convenient and quality food. I'm here pretty much every day.
4	I love getting their $5 off $20 coupon in the mail. Everytime I come here I spend at least that much on their specials, fresh fruit or premade meals. And if you forget your $5 off coupon, a friendly face worker will gladly give you one.
1	No you cannot ask me for my service animals papers and no she does not need to wear a vest either.  The manager argued with me about the rights of my service dog.  It is illegal to ask me for papers. "When it is not obvious what service an animal provides, only limited inquiries are allowed. Staff may ask two questions: (1) is the dog a service animal required because of a disability, and (2) what work or task has the dog been trained to perform. Staff cannot ask about the person's disability, require medical documentation, require a special identification card or training documentation for the dog, or ask that the dog demonstrate its ability to perform the work or task." taken from http://www.ada.gov/service_animals_2010.htm
5	Love that everyone is forced to use a self check out, but you're never alone! Always a smiling face to help you troubleshoot and bag groceries!
5	Local grocery store to stop in and pick some items for dinner that night or lunch. Friendly staff every time and helpful. Great place to pick up some side dishes or a quick bottle of wine.
