4	This has been opened since May 2009, owned by a husband & wife team new to LV.  They offer tapas style dining appetizers with her husband as the chef but have full entrees as well.  For happy hour 5-630, drinks & apps are $2 off M-F.  Then Fn & Sat 830-930 if you buy a drink, the tapas are 1/2 off which  is just when we went by happenstance!  We decided to sit @ the bar even tho it wasn't crowded just because it looked so inviting.  I had the $12 Sofia Coppola champagne which comes in a 187ml can which you drink with a straw (the trendy way) which can  also be poured in a glass.  I tried the braised short ribs with Maytag blue cheese polenta & the seared scallops with shrimp.  My friend had a moonlighting martini, chicken caesar salad, shrimp marnier appetizer.  All was excellent.  $41.  Then our proprietress brought a mini creme brulee to sample & asked us to sign the guestbook to receive special offers so it was very home-y & welcoming.  They sure know how to treat customers.
5	Went to this off-the-beaten path place for my wife's birthday.  We had about 16 of our friends gather here for drinks and tapas and had a phenomenal time at a very reasonable price.  The owner Catherine and her staff took exremely good care of us, allowing us to mingle on the patio early in the evening and sit down at a large table inside as the evening got cooler.  Initially she thought it would be too cold for us to be outside, but after we convinced her otherwise she had no problem accommodating us, having our appetizers brought outside as well, and drink orders were taken and served on the patio without any hassle.  All of the food that we sampled was absolutely delicious, receiving several rave comments from our friends as well--and I'm pretty sure it wasn't just the alcohol talking.  Some of the more memorable dishes:1)  Wild mushroom medley:  one of my absolute favorites, and I don't even like mushrooms that much.  My wife chose it for the vegetarian folk, but I'm pretty sure I was responsible for eating most of it.2)  Kona beef short ribs:  I've always been a fan of coffee-braised short ribs, but these were just so succulent and tender.  I'd go back for these in a heartbeat.3)  Moroccan lamb sausage:  interesting flavors and textures...definitely not your run-of-the-mill sausage4)  Fried calamari:  lightly fried and very tender, what more can you ask for?5)  Also had the jumbo shrimp marnier, samosas with a curry sauce, and spinach and feta "triangles" also served with the curry sauce.  It was all good. Unfortunately we did not have any of the large plates so I can't comment on them, but given how good the small plates were I don't really think you can go wrong.Now onto the drinks.  The "martini menu"  (most of these wouldn't qualify as martinis, so I use the term loosely)  is extensive, mostly featuring drinks of the sweeter variety.  However, the bartender is perfeclty willing (and capable, I might add) to make drinks to your personal tastes, so you don't have to stick with the straight menu offerings.  Regardless, all of our friends from the casual drinker to the amateur mixologist found something they liked.  And I should add that these drinks can be *stiff*.After we had moved inside, had another round of drinks, and finished the appetizers, Catherine came by with a special birthday gift of sorts - dessert plates for the table (three total), featuring a sampler of all of their homemade desserts.  Creme brulee, brownies, bread pudding, cheesecake, and a few others I can't quite recall.  And they were all freaking fantastic.  However, I should qualify that I was feeling pretty darn good by this point in the evening, so take it for what it's worth.Finally, the check.  We were there during happy hour so the reduced prices applied, and one of our guests characterized the total as "crazy, but in the good way."  He also made the most memorable comment that, "looking at the level of drunkenness around the table, there is no way that the bill should be that low."  Granted most of us are from the Bay Area where cocktails can be a bit spendy, but it's nice to not get sticker shock when you look at the drink total for 14 or 15 people.Anyway, the review is a little on the long side but we had such a great time, the food and drinks were fantastic, and we were taken such good care of that I really want people to go here if they are in Las Vegas and keep these folks in business.  They are a ways off the strip so a cab is recommended if you'll be drinking, but it was definitely worth it..
5	Fantastic service mixed with great food in the perfect atmosphere!  Can't ask for any more.  The owner Catherine was a joy and took time out to visit with us personally and recommend some  martinis and our server Scott was as good as they get! Everything we ordered was great but our 2 favorites were:  The Scallop and Shrimp appetizer and the Dreamsicle Martini.  Don't forget the chefs choice dessert when the meals are over!
1	I'm not sure how to write a recommendation about a place I haven't actually been in but I've tried to go here twice and haven't made it in the establishment yet! Last night, a Friday night, a friend and I tried to go and it was closed. Martini Bar, Closed at 9pm on a Friday night????? In Vegas no less?? We arrived about 9:10pm, a couple was sitting outside having a cocktail and there were several people inside around the bar clearly having a good time. The owner came to the locked door and informed me that they were closed. Perplexed because there were people inside and outside the establishment, I walked away thinking of a plan B. In my world, when you are closed, you are closed.... everyone get out and go home. Closed but we'll remain open for a select few makes me wonder about this place. The first time I went was an early afternoon on a weekday, Happy Hour time but they weren't open till 5pm. It seems like this place has a pretty small window of opportunity to make money and do well in this town. I'm not sure I'll try again so I wish them luck.
4	I have been here twice, and both times have been great! The owners work in the restaurant and are extremely friendly!The first occasion was for a friends birthday. They were very accommodating for our party of 8 and the service was great. We had brought a couple of bottles of special wine from home and they discounted the corkage fee for us. The creme brulee for desert was amazing!The second visit was for happy hour! They offer $2.00 off all drink and (I believe) half off appetizers. I had the house made sangria! Super yummy with apples, oranges, peaches and raspberries. I also shared the calamari and Fire & Ice scallops and shrimp, both were very good. I'll definitely come back to this place.
5	I like Elements less for the food (although it is delicious) and more for the Martinis and atmosphere. We felt very welcomed and at home there, and our server was very helpful. The pastry chef/owner even came over to help us make our dessert selections!I also loved the "Martini Card" which not only allows you to remember which martinis you've already ordered, but gives you the 12th one for free! The food (and especially the desserts) are very special because the chefs take the time and care to try to make them a little healthier for the customers (using olive oil instead of butter, allowing the natural sweetness of in season fruit to sweeten the dish rather than processed sugar) all without being pretentious and showy about it. If you didn't ask, you would probably never know. I definitely recommend reservations here. It's a fairly small place, and they do close a bit earlier than most other Vegas places. Although I had no trouble finding out that they closed at 9pm, and am rather confused as to why other reviewers didn't seem to notice.
4	I apologize in advance for the long-winded review. But this place was Great. Had a lovely meal where we met the chef/owner and his wife (Katherine) who is the pastry chef. Katherine is a delight. She spent a bit of time speaking with us about her desserts and her philosophy on utilizing different types of sugar and sweetening agents. She prefers to use natural sweeteners found in fruits which is fantastic! The bread (baked fresh ever day) was a caramelized onion today.... The bread changes daily based on how the chef feels that day... and I'm ready to go back tomorrow based on his bread alone just to see what tomorrow's flavor is. Katherine likes to mix up the dessert menu as well and offers different items daily. And as a parting gift to end our meal, she brought out homemade biscotti cookies. Yum! So... the food.... aside from the bread which I was totally loving... we started with the Italian white bean soup which was fresh and wholesome and light. Then we had the short rib w/ polenta, mushrooms and veggie samosas. Mind you... all of these items except for the soup was on their appetizer menu. So, we shared appetizers and were FULL. Short ribs were melt in your mouth d-lish, mushrooms were sauteed and like the short rib... melt in your mouth fantastic and the veggie samosas were just like everything else... great.... light and not greasy. These were baked not fried. Now.. let me get back to the Mushrooms.... I try mushrooms at every "nice" restaurant we go to .... which is to say.... we try mushrooms at a different spot at least 12 times a year because we like eating out a lot and usually go to steak type places. These were the best darn sauteed Mushrooms ever! Now they could have come out a little hotter (temperature wise), but the flavor was Amazing and they were juicy, savory and meaty. I like meaty mushrooms not mushy and these were definitely not mushy. And there was enough mushrooms on the plate to feed 4 people... mom and I devoured them. Did I mention the Martinis? There's a list of over 300. Holy Martinis, Batman! Most of them looked to be on the sweet side and very dessert-like. I had the Pink Flamingo which was made with a pink grapefruit vodka and some other stuff... it tasted just like pink grapefruit juice, you couldn't taste the alcohol... very dangerous stuff. And it hit the spot to my otherwise very trying work-week. Oh Yea... and the Kicker... everything except for the soup was on the Happy Hour menu... so our bill was $42. You may think this is a little steep... and it probably is.... but this was not your typical Happy Hour Appetizer menu. Happy Hour runs Mon-Sat from 5-6:30pm where all drinks and appetizers are $2 off. Definitely going back... at the very least to have bread and desserts. :)
5	My husband and I live in the area near this bar and have passed by it at least 100 times. We were always so skeptical because of the area. There are a few really great "hidden" eateries in LV, but most of them we've heard by word of mouth. Last night, we decided to give Elements its FIRST chance.... Upon entering, we were greeted by almost everyone in the restaurant. The restaurant is amazingly decorated inside. There were a few people eating at the bar and a few in the dining room, and it was just perfect. The lights were dim and the ambiance was just right for our date night out! We immediately sat down and were served this amazing baked French bread and Kalamata bread (that our waiter informed us that was baked "in house" by the chef himself). It was served with a side of butter and house made chutney (that was out of this world!) Are you hungry yet???!?!? We spoke with our knowledgeable waiter (Peter) for quite some time about the menu and how it changes frequently. He suggested the proscuitto wrapped jumbo shrimp and the bruschetta which were both amazing! The only disappointment: There's never enough! :) We each ordered a drink off their extensive Martini menu, which boasts over 300 custom martinis. Yes, 300, and they are all alphabetized and described to suit YOUR needs. After another round of bread, we were still chatting it up with our waiter when Catherine, the owner came over to introduce herself and talk about the menu. She informed us of some of the specials for the night and told us that her husband, Luis, is the only solo cook in the restaurant. He's Argentinian, and very passionate about food, which we were starting to understand.. We both ordered the house salad with home-made gorganzola cheese dressing. As our main course, my husband ordered the Sea Bass, and I ordered the special Veal Scaloppine. First, the presentation of these meals were amazing! They were plated so beautifully! It was a pleasant surprise to have something this amazing NOT on the strip and without the chaos! Both were served with an amazing mashed potato (which changes frequently) and vegetables that were prepared divinely. They both came with reduction sauces that beautifully complemented each dish. I'm not a big fish eater, but the Sea Bass was encrusted with black peppercorns and just melted in your mouth. Almost by the end of our main course, the dining room was empty and basically the restaurant had closed. They close at 9:30, but continued to treat us like family all the way through dessert. By this time, we had met the head chef, and owner, Luis, who had personally come out to introduce himself. This allowed us to gush over his meals, which I think he enjoyed ;). Last course, dessert! A specialty by Catherine! She hand makes ALL of the desserts herself-in the restaurant. That's right... Everything is made in HOUSE. We tried the butterscotch bread pudding which was completely amazing! It was warm, gooey and like a slice of heaven! It was beautifully prepared and a complete pleasure to eat! Catherine had also brought out a sample of her truffles and a piece of cheesecake to go for breakfast! After dessert, Luis and Catherine sat at the bar and chatted with us for a little while, when we again, expressed how wonderful our experience was. It has definitely become a place we will go to more often and bring along friends and family! Just another reason WHY you should NEVER judge a book by it's cover! Thank you for a very memorable meal that has been added to our top 5 list!
4	This is definitely a little hidden gem in the Southwest. If you are a Martini drinker, this is the place to be, screw Blue Martini. The Martini menu is insane, you can choose from a list of gin, vodka, rum, tequila or bourbon martinis. Each are moderately priced at $9-$11 and are 1/2 off during their happy hour from 5 p.m. to 6:30 p.m.The food wasn't too bad either. We ordered a variety of dishes to be able to give a fair review. They do provide complimentary bread with butter and a very interesting sauce that tasted like it was made of maple, curry and something else. The bread is made in house and was tasty for a rosemary sourdough loaf. Apparently the bread changes daily.Appetizer - the lollipop lamb chops. Honestly they were pretty good. Three small chops served on top of lentils with a cranberries and a wine reduction.  The chops were perfectly seasoned and not bad for a appetizer size.Also got an ordered of samosas. They bring you two samosas over a bed of salad. The samosas weren't bad but it was a little to mushy for me, I like my samosas crispy!Entree - we ordered that night's special which was a wild mushroom, chicken, shrimp risotto and house salad with pomegrante dressing. Overall the risotto wasn't bad but the chicken was a little dry and having those three items was a little too much in my opinion that it was just a plain ole risotto. Dessert - all desserts are made daily and changes out. This night we ordered a red velvet cake. It was very soft and moist but for some reason it reminded me of an Albertson's cake. I thought it was still good and the cream cheese frosting wasn't too sweet so I didn't feel too guilty for eating it. This is a great little intimate place to go on a date or just have a good night out with friends. I would recommend making reservations since the place is quite small. My only complaint is that I felt it did take a while to get our food and drinks. Maybe they didn't think we would realize after our 2nd martini! However, I would like to try to try this place again, hopefully they extend their happy hour or stay open longer since they operate from to 5 to 9:30/10 p.m. Definitely a great place for Martinis! Plus you get a martini card, your 13th martini is free!
4	I'm sold. This is going to be a new go-to place for my hubby and me. We live in the neighborhood of this hidden gem, and we've passed it all the time and have kept it on our to-do list, without any real commitment to give it a try. So one night when I didn't feel like cooking and we were both hungry for dinner, we finally stepped in. Lucky for us, it was happy hour (5 pm - 6:30 pm). We left with a bill for less than $70 - having eaten four appetizers, one dessert and two martinis apiece. I mean, for Vegas, that's pretty darn cheap. We LOVED the bruschetta the most. The topping was so fresh and flavorful. The martini selection is so amazing, it's actually overwhelming. How can one tiny little place have so many martinis? Service is warm and friendly. Elements is basically a mom and pop shop, with the owner greeting you and checking on you. But it has so much class, style and pizazz that you don't feel like you're in a mom and pop shop. It's Las Vegas Strip style eating at far below the Strip style prices. I can't wait to go back again!
5	I started coming here with my good friend Amy C. after she had told me about their extensive martini list, and I have been addicted to this place since. The food menu is rather limited, but it's perfect amount of choices so it's not overwhelming. Also, if you "like" them on Facebook or sign up for their e-mail list, they have a special of the day which I have always found to be an amazing deal along with the quality of the food is superb. Usual daily special is a salad, main course and a glass of wine for around $22-28. Not bad. The owners, Katherine & Jose, always get there in the morning and start making the food fresh, so you know you will have good quality food, not something that was pre-made a week prior and warmed up. Katherine, is very passionate about her desserts, and she is fantastic at what she does, every dessert is delicious, and if you check in on yelp, you will get a free dessert! I've tried almost their entire menu, and my favorite dish is Portobello Ravioli, $19, with mild masala curry, coconut milk, diced granny smith apples, and california raisins. It's outstanding. If you are looking for a light bite, try the cheese board or fire & ice sea scallops and tiger shrimp. Now onto the martini list, 400+? Really? I haven't even put a dent in trying them, I usually stick to what I know, and I love the cucumber martini. Also, they start a card for you so after your 9th you get a free martini! At first I thought maybe they were in cahoots with Metro, counting the amount of beverages :) The bartenders, Alberto & Kevin, are friendly and very knowledgable and make a mean martini, trust me you won't be disappointed.
5	My love for adventurous food has been consummated this evening.My tastebuds were in complete euphoria as I explored the menu items like BRONZE FRIED CALAMARI and JUMBO SHRIMP MARNIER. Just reading the description on the menu is enough to whet Buddha's appetite. (No offense to Buddhists, I'm only trying to make a point.)BRONZE FRIED CALAMARIDusted with Bronzing Spices, Lightly Flash Fried, Served with spicy Papaya Mango DipJUMBO SHRIMP MARNIER Shrimp Wrapped in Prosciutto di Parma, Thai Basil, Orange Juice, Grand Marnier, Served on a Bed of Greens Wait, there's more. ...Just as I was thinking life was good eating fried calamari and jumbo shrimp like a happy clam, my friend and I decided to continue our journey with some beef & vegetables:KONA BEEF SHORT RIB OVER GORGONZOLA POLENTA  Braised Short Rib Rubbed in Kona Espresso, Kahlua, Cabernet Reduction, Served over May Tag-Infused Polenta SAMOSA PURSESPuff Pastry Filled with Sauteed Vegetables including Mushrooms, Eggplant, Zucchini, and Caramelized Onion Forget the main ingredients, if you are a true foodie you'd pay attention to the details - I mean, did you ever think to add espresso to your short ribs the last time you were braising meat?!? I need to stay appropriate because this is a public forum but imagine which analogy I'd use if you knew me like that. Mind-blowing. I refer to the tenderness of the short rib as it melted through my fork and nestled itself amidst the polenta (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polenta).Polenta. I dedicate this portion of my review to the sweet discovery I fell upon with this word. Such a simple yet thought-provoking word for Americans like myself. I am an obvious fan of the Italian language but there are certain words that, when spoken, compels you to repeat yourself just for the sake of hearing how the syllables roll off your tongue. The discovery of the word "polenta" to me, is much like the way I take a liking towards a song. It may be the rhythm or beat or melody that catches my ear, but it's the lyrics that steal my heart...either way, I know I'm in love. In this particular instance, I tasted polenta first, not knowing what it was but immediately fell in love after I found out the name of this delicacy. At the time, I was intrigued because I knew it wasn't mashed potato, nor was it grits...it had a more solid consistency than the two and I remember telling my companion that I felt like I was eating the liquid version of cornbread. When Catherine (the owner = a lovely woman, worldly, cultured, intelligent & knows her menu like one knows their kids) told me what it was and explained the meaning of the word, I was hooked. I repeated it several times in the Italian accent and even did the kissy-hand gesture people do when they want to express their satisfaction for food. I even went on to say, "What a lovely last name that would be." and I identified two first names that would pair well with the last name Polenta.Anyway--words don't do this restaurant any justice so thanks for reading my review but I suggest you go check it out for yourself!(PS, the drink/martini menu is practically endless....)www.elementskitchenandmartinibar.com
5	Elements is a diamond in the rough! We stopped in for dinner and drinks last night thanks to Yelp! We needed a yummy place for dinner in an area of town that we weren't familiar with. Elements did not disappoint! It is located in a strip mall, and doesn't look like much from the exterior facade, but as soon as you open the front door you are greeted with nothing but class!The services was phenomenal, the chef's wife (and owners I assume) walked the floor of the restaurant the entire time offering explanations of all of the dishes. Her passion for food was intoxicating, or may that was the martini menu that listed over 100 hand shaken specialty martinis. I tried a Blueberry Cheesecake Martini. It was dessert in a glass- creamy and delish, finished at the bottom with actually graham cracker crumbs and blueberries. Amazing.We tried almost all of the tapas. It was so refreshing to find a tapas bar that has broken out of the Firefly mold. Everything was delicious. We were going to forgo dessert, but we were surprised to find out the the chef's wife is also the pastry chef, and uses 1/2 to 3/4 less added sugar in her desserts that the main stream average. At the top of the list we found the cheesecake. The flavor changes everyday- and today's featured flavor was Chocolate Peanut Butter.Creamy and light, this cheesecake was to die for. It was very lightly flavored with an all natural peanut butter, and then drizzled with a chocolate sauce. Served along side was some additional peanut butter (for all of us PB lovers)! You can't go wrong with Elements. This place is such a gem- the owners are amazing people that really do LOVE the food they cook, and it shows!
5	Best combination of food, drinks, and restaurateurs in Las Vegas!  Impeccable service and phenomenal cuisine.  Match that with a great martini menu, and you can't go wrong!Business or pleasure, one of my favorite spots!Catherine and Jose Luis are the best!
5	Awesome family owned restaurant with natural grass fed steaks, amazing martinis and great prices combined with great service.  All those people giving those insanely overpriced restaurants good reviews at the Wynn, Encore, etc need to seriously take a short trip off the strip to Elements for far superior food, service and value!Wayne Gorsek
4	I had a chocolate banana martini and my friend had a lychee (however you spell it) martini. They were good but hers was a little strong, but the staff was very nice and added some puree to help. For food we ordered the calamari and a penne pasta (i think it was called pasta aurora) the calamari was alright, but the pasta was very good. The staff was all very nice and the price was decent. I'll definitely go back, but I don't think I'll order the calamari.
5	My boyfriend and I visited Elements for happy hour this past Monday.  Their happy hour consists of $2 off all apps & drinks from 5-6:30.  We sampled a few different appetizers, including the calamari, kona beef short ribs over gorgonzola polenta, bruschetta, and the veal & pork albondigas.  Everything was prepared perfectly, but the short ribs & polenta were absolutely spectacular!  The polenta was a bite of rich and creamy bliss.  The tomato sauce from the albondigas was bursting with flavor, so we decided to hang on to the dish for dipping our bread.  They offer 400+ different martinis to choose from.  I don't like sweet martinis, so I tried the "Hot N Dirty" (Absolut Peppar, dry vermouth, olive juice) and the "Spicy Almond" (Absolut Peppar,Frangelico,dry vermouth,& an almond stuffed olive), which were both delish.  Next time I plan to try "Deb's Blood, Sweat, & Tears", which is Absolut Peppar, Tomato Juice, Olive stuffed with horseradish, & a pickled green bean.  The stuffed olives are my fav; I could make a meal of those!  They also keep a file at the bar for everything that you order in case you forget.The only thing that tops the food and drink is their service.  Everyone, especially the owners, is over the top nice and super friendly.  The staff was very knowledgeable and eager to make recommendations.  Catherine, the owner, stopped by to tell us her special fat free dessert creation for the evening, which we promptly requested.  This was our first visit but it certainly won't be our last.  The atmosphere is very welcoming.  I look forward to telling my friends and bringing out of town guests to this  off the strip hidden gem.It's a fairly small one off family owned venue with an boldly flavored menu created by knowledgeable palates.  Their menu is inspired by a blend unique cooking styles, a wide variety of spices, and fresh ideas.  I can't wait to come back!
5	This place is phenomenal! We made a reservation for 6 p.m. on a Friday. We arrived at around 5:50 p.m. and were seated right away. It wasn't too busy when we arrived but by the time we left at around 8 p.m., it was almost full. The maritni list is HUGE! Seriously, I could have spent an hour reading all of the different maritini's. I started off with a Samurai, which was gin, midori and peach snapps. Yummy and super sweet if you like the sugary drinks. The next one I had was the Lychee martini, much more subdued with vodka and lychee puree. I finished of with a cucumber martini which was amazing and refreshing, also a vodka martini. They also had rum martinis, which we didn't try and scotch and wiskey martinis. My husband had a scotch martini, which he said was good, but he still prefers his scotch on the rocks. So the waiter then suggested a new scotch they had in for the scotch tasting dinner which my husband LOVED. On to the food. They brought out bread to start with, homemade white bread and foccacia, with fresh butter shaped into roses and a mango chutney which was very very good. We ordered four *thats right folks* four appetizers to begin with. We had the short ribs over gorgonzola polenta, the calamari, the bruschetta of the day which was topped with escargot and pesto, and the fire and ice shrimp and scallops. Short ribs: Cooked to perfection, the meat was so tender and the polenta had a nice sweetness and the dish was topped with a balsamic reduction.The calamari was good, standard, nothing to write home about. It comes with a delicious sauce though.  The fire and ice shrimp and scallops: Both cooked perfectly and the sauce was seriously to die for, we were slopping it up with the bread. And they removed the tail from the shrimp for you so you dont have to worry about that. Bruschetta: More of the yummy bread toasted with a homemade pesto that was nice and thick and not oily mixed with escargot.This was my first try of escargot and I thought it was delicious.We ordered the sea bass to split for an entree. OMG. This was honestly the best fish I have ever had. It was crusted with seasame and topped with a citrus ponzu. It melted like butter and exploded with flavor in my mouth. YES! It was served with a side of mashed yukon golds and a vegetable medly. The owner is the chef and his wife, also the owner, is the pastry chef. She came out and explained all the deserts to us and said she changes them up regularly. She also explained how she doesnt like to use a lot fo refined sugar and like to use things like raisins and fruit to sweeten things. We ordered the chefs tasting and it had carrot cake, creme brulee, bread pudding and baked alaska. It was all heavenly and she was a delight to speak to. Our waiter was great, the owners were great, the food was great and the decor was great. We had a fabulous date night and wonderful meal. We will most definately be back!
3	We love the food, the ambiance is great, service is always spot on,Catherine is an attentive hostess, and always makes you feel welcome.  Idon't think I've ever heard anyone describe food quite like she does!  Jose is a very talented Chef.We have One negative;  those wooden chairs are so darn uncomfortable! We certainly don't feel like lingering over our meal. Sad to admit, but we have taken to patronizing other local restaurants because we find those hard wooden chairs make for an unpleasant meal.
5	We ate at Elements this evening to celebrate my upcoming 40th birthday.  I could not have asked for a better evening that what we experienced at Elements.  Catherine was very gracious and her staff was super attentive without being overwhelming.  I never felt rushed during our meal and LOVED that the desserts were so delicious that everyone had a sample and no one went without.  My party of eleven each felt that this was one of the best meals that they had ever had.  Catherine and Jose, I thank you for making my birthday absolutely fantastic!
5	Went there last week for the first time to celebrate my friend's birthday. Outside is kinda simple and I was a bit worried... but the interior was much nicer and warmer. Made a reservation several hours before - no problem. Full bar with plenty of seating area... Greeted by the lady name Catherine... and later her husband Jose. (We appreciated their special efforts to make us feel comfortable, so one extra star!) No one ordered martini, but we enjoyed calamari, meatballs, prawns, lamb chops and mushrooms. All unique, freshly made and reasonably priced. I will definitely come back for more.
3	Elements calamari appetizer is out of this world!  However, we ordered the special last night which was flounder stuffed with seafood. There was no discernable seafood in the stuffing.  The stuffing consistency resembled mashed potatoes with seafood flavor and all three of us who had flounder commented that it tasted fishy which was disappointing. We'll be back for appetizers for sure. The atmosphere is great, good wine list and a martini list that is endless!
5	Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (16 of 365).This restaurant was delightful.1 star = for the extremely courteous wait staff.  Our waitress was attentive.  The pastry chef (wife to the main chef) came around to explain the type of bread that was going to come out to start with, and to also let us know what she baked up for the evening's dessert menu.  I thought this was an awesome way to make us feel welcome.2 stars = just for the bread!  2 kinds came out.  One was your normal sour dough and the other was a flavored bread.  They came w/ 2 types of spreads; one of them of course my favorite: butter.  Everything was yummy!3 stars = for the appetizers.  They were both really good.  We had the Kona Beef Short Rib and the Fire and Ice Sea Scallops and Tiger Shrimp.4 stars = for the main course.  I had the Seabass Ponzu that was encrusted with black and white sesame seeds that made it crispy.  It was so good!5 stars = for the strong Sangria.The environment was nice and intimate as my date and I shared a pitcher of Sangria.  Our dessert was amazing too. We ordered the pumpkin cheesecake, and the bread pudding.  Absolutely delicious and definitely tasted homemade!  The prices are a little high, but it matches the quality of the food!
3	Such a mixed bag that it's hard to pick the right number of stars. I bounced between 2 and 3 but I hate dissing small biz, so went for the 3.First, we arrived to find a mostly empty restaurant. They tried to seat us at a two-person table, but my love and I prefer to sit next to each other so we asked for a bigger table and gave the reason why."Oh, we are expecting a reservation. I have to check."I'm looking around the mostly empty room and wondering if "A" reservation is some herd of people....After conferring with the owner, he reseats us at a table that is a fire code violation (half way blocking a door), and starts to clear away the place settings that would allow us to sit next to each other (though I mentioned it to him before we were seated.)He seems stressed. I whisper to my BF that maybe he'd just been yelled at or perhaps the owner threatened to chop his head off.The martini menu is probably 7 or 8pt font size and the headings are brown on beige. If you are older than 30, it's most likely entirely illegible. It made me a little bit cranky. Common sense says.....make your menu readable. I walked it to a brighter area and picked a martini that ended up tasting a bit like a gym locker. $10 too. :-(We came for tapas but the closest thing was under "Appetizers." Again, brown on beige but at least the font size was a bit bigger. But I bet my parents would have a hard time reading the menu.The food ranged from ok to really good and maybe even awesome. But the initial experience was so off putting and the menu thing aggravated me. And the bill was expensive. And my bf's martini didn't taste like a gym locker, but it was odd and not very tasty and it's supposed to be MARTINI bar.Doubtful I'd go back again, but obviously, other people love it.
5	This place is amazing! The owners, Catherine and Jose Luis are so nice and welcome everyone that comes in. They have daily happy hours and special each week.The menu looked amazing. They make tons of martini's and have an excellent wine list. I went with a friend and we each had dessert. WOWZA! The desserts are made fresh and we checked out the dinners that other people had around us. Everyone was loving what they had and we could not get over how lovely everything is here. Can't  wait to go back!
5	Wow, I must have passed this hidden gem 1000 times. A friend recommend this place for it's huge martini menu. And man he wasn't kidding, over 400 martinis.  I think alot of people come here for the happy hr. I came here for the food. Everything you read on the menu makes your mouth water.  And besides the portion sizes it is very very tasty. The owners are awesome. They make you feel like family, even on your first visit. Staff is also very friendly and you feel like you joined the club as soon as you sit down.  Love this place and would recommend it to any of my friends.  Homemade desserts, off the hook NY strip, with fresh made chimichuri sauce.  My only complaint is i need more. Would like bigger appetizers, and well bigger everything. I guess I just an American who likes big portion sizes.  But the food is awesome. And if I was a drinker I would be right at home in this great place.Thanks Catherine, Jose, Kevin, and Edgar. You guys rock.....
5	A great friend of mine just moved back to Las Vegas, so I planned a girls night out with her and another bestie so we could get some drinks and catch up! I had driven by Elements numerous times and thought this would be the perfect occasion to give it a shot.We arrived at 5 for the Happy Hour ($2 off all Martinis and Appetizers) and stayed until close. The martini list is about 8 pages long and the girls and I had a great time reading through all the descriptions and deciding which ones to order. I don't remember the names now but all of our Martinis were strong and delicious. For the food, we stuck to the appetizers: Soup - Both the girls got the soup of the day which was a pasta fagioli and raved about it. It smelled delicious but I didn't actually try it.Bruschetta - apparently the topping changes daily - our visit included venison sausage and caramelized onions - This was really delicious but I enjoy a topping that softens the baguette a little bit so a drizzle of olive oil or something would have made this just a tad better for me. Vermont Goat Cheese Salad - I really enjoyed this refreshing salad with flavors that blended very well together. The marinated bell peppers and mandarin oranges were perfectly matched with the creamy goat cheese. Kona Beef Short Rib over Gorgonzola Polenta - This was FANTASTIC! I want to go back and get it again ASAP.For dessert we had a pair of mini creme brulees - one with fresh kiwi on the bottom and the other with a cinnamon apple mixture on the bottom.  We also shared two 250ml bottles of a Strawberry Champagne that was highly recommended to us by the servers. The champagne was a refreshing treat for the end of our meal and had pureed strawberries in it that tasted wonderfully fresh and not too sweet. This service at this restaurant was simply wonderful - both the Owners made many visits to our table to make sure they could answer any questions about the menu, make suggestions for us, or just ensure we were enjoying ourselves and the food.  It is no surprise this place has managed to do so well! I absolutely loved it and will for sure be going back.
5	I had the pleasure of dining here with some friends last night. Upon entering I was immediately greeted by Catherine with a hug. She also came over numerous times though out the evening to check on us. The food was delicious and the wine list adequate. The martini menu was enormous so if you are a Martini drinker this could be your nirvana. I would definitely recommend this restaurant and will dine here again. If I ever do open my own place I would want it to be just like this!
5	This is easily the best gourmet restaurant near my home.  Not only do they have 400 different martinis to try out but they also keep track of the ones via customer card that you've tried before.  Let's be honest.  Who really remembers the quality of their martini after the 3rd one anyways?  $2 off all martinis and appetizers during happy hour (5pm-6:30pm) is a terrific reason to stay a while.  Walking into Elements reminds me of some of the restaurants located in Brooklyn, NY of all places.  The close but comfortable atmosphere with the new cabin type look would totally fit in and thrive on Smith St or on Atlantic Ave.  Just ignore the fact you can see the Terrible Herbst gas station from the north side windows :P    My wife got the "Jumbo Shrimp Marnier": shrimp wrapped in prosciutto di parma, Thai basil, orange juice, Grand Marnier, served on a bed of greens.  That was really done well and we both felt the shrimp almost had a lobstery quality of taste to it.  I can't remember the last time we had shrimp cooked with Grand Marnier so that was the biggest reason.  I might have to give this a whirl at home.I got the "Prince Edward Island Mussels": sauteed with coconut milk, yellow masala curry, fennel, basil and white wine.  Mother of god!  Amazing!  The sauce was so out of this world that I asked to box it so I could figure out some way to eat it later (ended up having it with pasta which was great).  I hadn't eaten mussels in quite a while and this reminded why I should more often.  Curry and mussels were a magnificent combination!They don't call the main course "entrees" on their menu.  They're called the "main event".  My wife and I hemmed and hawed for a while over them before settling on the mini pork osso buco for her and the crispy roasted duck for me.  This was a main event as worthy as Randy "Macho Man" Savage versus Ricky "The Dragon" Steamboat.  Both came with sauteed veggies and an interesting take on sweet potatoes that kind of tasted like turkey stuffing.  I wondered if I was still in Vegas after my first delicious bite of the potatoes but then saw the gas station.  The osso buco was tender and full of flavor.  They were cooked with thyme, red wine and plum chipotle and were excellent.   I almost never eat bird skin but the crispness of the duck coupled with the flavor of Maine blueberries and pomegranate juice left me no choice but to devour everything I could until the bones were dry.  We even had room for dessert and a third martini.  The apple strudel was surprisingly light and flaky opposed to most I've had.  Catherine and Jose Luis Pawelek are the heart of it all and make Elements as local as local can be.  Catherine is a terrific hostess and makes everyone feel at home while Jose is the master in the kitchen.  I plan on supporting this restaurant more frequently in the future, one martini and mussel at a time.
3	This is my second visit here. The first time was okay but the owner lingered pushing her pastries and martinis. It was overkill and a little off putting. The second time I came with a group and we each had separate checks. They put an automatic 20% gratuity on each of our bills to the price BEFORE the happy hour discount.  This surprised me as most restaurants do 15-18% and it's on the adjusted price (I'm questioning if that's even LEGAL). Will I go back? Probably not. I'm put off by the owner and sadly disappointed that each of us tipped our not so great server nearly ten dollars apiece. The food is good and the martinis are decent though not spectacular. Could be because they have 400 to choose from which the owner has made up many herself...could use a lot of tweaking. In terms of service and price there are better places to spend my money on. I'm giving it three stars because of the food only.
4	really a 4.25....PROSexcellent service.....well timed...did not have food forced down our throats.carrot cake...not an everyday item on their menu...yummyshort rib starter...very tender..excellent sauce...could have used a touch more seasoninggoat cheese salad...could be prepared easily at home...however, still excellentpeanut chicken entree...right on with spicescappucinos...spot on...Lavazza espressomartinis...had the hot and dirty...also a couple with bleu cheese olives and horseradish olives...extremely tasty...but a little pricey...go during happy hour for 2 bucks off each martini and starter ...5-630pmCONSduck entree...not enough flavor...slightly over crispy and drylamb chop lollipop starter...not much flavor. left with a lot of waste and connective tissue on bone...would have been nice to have a steak knife....but still to much effort needed to get all of lamb of the bonespatio outside...should have more foliage to block out gas station lights..simple fix with about $100 investmentWILL DEFINITELY BE BACK...most likely will get a couple of starters and martinis
4	My friend and I decided to give the happy hour a try last week because it's pretty much in my neighborhood.  Total hidden gem!  The atmosphere is warm and inviting with decor that sets a cozy/trendy vibe.  The customer service here is amazing!  The owners both take the time to meet and greet.  We ordered the Fire & Ice Scallops & Tiger Shrimp.  It was just spicy enough and delicious!  We also ordered the Samosa Purses and the Maple Leaf Farms Sliced Duck Breast which were both very good.  For dessert we went with the Chocolate Molten Lava Cake (see photo) which was delectable!  Catherine, one of the owners, is a total sweetheart!  She made our experience extra special by giving us a complimentary dessert tasting of the bread pudding she had made that day and chocolate chip truffles (see photo) which were super yummy!  If you're watching your calories or are a diabetic you can call ahead and make a special request for a sugar free dessert!  The happy hour is $2 off tapas and all cocktails even wine (i'm a complete wine-o so this makes me happy!) I would definitely recommend this spot to locals looking to take a break from the ordinary.  Hit the happy hour!
5	Go visit Chef/owner Jose for an amazing dinner, and his beautiful wife Catherine for martinis and dessert. What a great local spot! Food and service is always great. Reasonable prices, and owners who genuinely care about their guests.
5	I am thrilled to have a local friendly spot now that Rosemary's has gone.  Catherine is warm and charming and makes everyone feel welcome.  The staff is friendly and upbeat.  Loved the new Mediterranean plate for the summer, hope it stays on the menu. The bar is almost as big as the dining room and is very welcoming for single diners.
5	If there was an option to give 6 or more stars for Elements...I would! Seriously, I was THAT impressed. Elements was everything I look for in fine dining...clean, amazing food, impeccable service, affordable...oh yeah & yummy (not watered down) drinks!!I am ashamed to say that if not for a foodie group of friends I would never have tried Elements because it is not on my side of town and nothing about it would have necessarily stood out to me...MY LOSS!!So, last night was my first time at Elements. It is sort of small, but I literally loved everything.First, The food was amazing. It was all made to order, very fresh, a souped up version of classics. We had bruchetta for an appetizer (on homemade bread) and I had steak with veggies and mashes potatoes. I had a hard time choosing between the steak and the halibut, but the steak won. Every single thing on my plate was cooked perfectly, which surprised me because I was with a large group. My friend had the duck with a blueberry topping that looked delicious, and even though I am not typically a duck fan I was a little jealous because it looked so beautiful!! Oh, and vanilla bean panacotta with raspberry sorbet was pretty amazing too.Secondly, they have a list of martinis that stretches from Las Vegas to the Sun and back 57 times. If there is a flavor you like you can randomly shout it out and your server will have 12 or so recommendations right off the top of his head (I was impressed). I tried the Pussycat Doll martini which was a lime, peach, and pineapple concoction. A+. Then I tried the S'mores martini which I didn't care for and only gave that a D. I was upset I didn't try the Pineapple Upside Down Martini or the Key Lime Pie Martini or the Blueberry Cheesecake Martini...let's just say I have a new bucket list goal of trying them all.They, also, have a Martini Club that is free to join (you fill out a card and they keep it behind the bar so you will never have to worry about forgetting it). And, for every 12 you try, the 13th one is free!! I highly recommend checking out the martini menu before you go so you have an idea of what you want to try because they have OVER 450 to choose from.And, saving the best for last...the service was out of this world!! The server was patient with our large group. He knew the menu inside out (including all 450+ martinis), no one was left waiting for anything including drink refills, and yet he wasn't all over us either. PERFECT. Also, the owner works the room, giving personal attention to each table...not because there is a problem, but just because, and that attention to detail is impressive and really goes a long way!!It was, also, recommended to me by a fellow patron that I follow on Twitter or FB because they often plan the menu the day of based on chef whims.I literally cannot say enough good things about this place. Elements now has a happy new home as one of my top 3 restaurants in Vegas.GO THERE!!
5	I must admit, when my boyfriend pulled up to this restaurant for my birthday dinner, my first thought was "oh, man. Fail." The location at the end of a strip mall, right next to a gas station, with neon "Open" and "Blue Moon" signs in the window did nothing for me. Actually, they frightened me. But walking in, I loved the feel, immediately, of the little place. Large bar on the right with more than enough room to eat at, a supreme liquor and wine selection visible, a little room divider that divided the bar from the dining area, while leaving the place open and airy, and a quaint, intimate little eating area. We loved the warm and eclectic decor of the place. It sort of reminded us of gems you find in old historical buildings in downtown areas like Aspen, Park City, etc. Our server was very pleasant and very knowledgable about the martini menu, the daily specials, the entire menu, etc. She gave enough information and answered our few questions so we felt comfortable ordering.I had the Eiffel Tower Martini, Boyfriend had the CEO. ($9 each) Both were great. Out came the complimentary bread with their homemade chutney and butter. I'm not much of a bread eater - but both were fresh and tasty. We shared an appetizer - the bruschetta ($8) with the daily toppings. Ours were spicy andouille sausage with mushrooms and onions. Incredibly savory with a little kick, and the portion size was double what we were expecting.We both had the house salad ($5), him with the homemade balsamic vinagrette and me with the homemade gorgonzola dressing. The ingredients, though simple, were fresh and ripe and the dressing, for both of us, was amazing. Choosing our "Main Event' was a little challenging. There were so many things that sounded so good. However, two of the dishes contained curry - something I despise, and as there were maybe 15 main events - that seemed like 1 too many to me.Boyfriend went with the mini pork osso bucco ($23), and I chose the peppercorn filet ($29). The presentation was beautiful. We both had a mix of whipped regular and sweet potato that was fantasic, and a really good veggie side that included many fresh vegetables (squash, zucchini, red peppers, green beans) and was spiced up with what tasted like some creole seasoning. They were delicious. The osso buco was fall off the bone tender, in an absolutely amazing blackberry sauce. One bite of his, and I was afraid I ordered wrong. But, my filet was cooked perfectly, fork tender, and the peppercorns and sauce were absolutely to die for. My only "complaint" was I wish there had been a petit filet offered, as I took half of my filet home. I can't decide whose dinner I loved more, they were both delicious and perfectly prepared.Our server was present the perfect amount. We never felt like she was hovering or driving us crazy, and whenever we seemed to want something (more water, another martini) she seemed to intuitly know and be right there. As we were finishing our meal, the owner came out and introduced herself to us (but alas, I forgot her name) and we chatted about the menu, their use of fresh ingredients, etc., quite a bit. She went over the dessert menu with us, which was great for me as it was my birthday. I was definitely ordering dessert. The only problem? Which one? We chose the chef's selection ($10) and left it in the chef's hands.  Out came our plate with enough dessert for 4 people. We had the apple peach streudel with cinnamon (our top favorite, it was absolutely amazing), thhe white chocolate raspberry bread pudding, which was simply divine, the hybiscus creme brulee, which competed with the streudel for favorite, it was the best creme brulee we have ever had, and we not only order it quite a bit, we cook it often ourselves. While still being thick and creamy - it was lighter than most, and the hibiscus added the nicest, cleanest flavor. Divine. There was also creme de menthe bread pudding. It tasted really good, and the bread pudding consistency was perfect, but it was a little too rich for both of us. And last, but certainly not least, there was what I am pretty confident was homemade vanilla ice cream. It complimented the streudel very nicely. There were also pretty little sugar and chocolate designs standing up in the desserts. Very chic and gourmet. Since the closing down of Bleu Gourmet and then Rosemary's, - we were both so excited to find this little gem. I love amazing food, and as a Vegas native, I love going to restaraunts that are locally owned and operated. The location won't stop me - it's easy to get to. They do need to work on their music selection. It was kind of weird to be in a quaint, gourmet little room and hear Brittney Spears "Hit Me Baby One More Time" and that "Call Me Maybe" song. Jazz, Classical, American Standards, anything would have been better!We'll be back.
4	Elements is an upscale, yet very personable establishment located at Rainbow and West Tropicana. I have been coming here the last few months with my senior at work for after hours drinks. The staff is excellent, I am most frequently served by Kevin and he always remembers my drink and is super friendly. They offer weekly specials ( IIRC) but the true gem of this place is the deserts. Jose & Katheryn are always bringing new ideas for desserts and will make you something special if you ask for it and most times for no reason at all. The deserts this place offers is truly SINFUL. You will not have a better desert this side of I-15/South of Summerlin PKWY.The only reason I cant give this place 5 stars is that I have never actually eaten here on my own without my bosses around. I feel like I have to in order to be fair and truly unbiased. I hope to update this listing soon.
5	Came here tonight and ordered their special "lemon merengue martini" and it was fabulous!!!! Kevin was great with his recommendations and was very knowledgeable about the menu!  Thanks again for the highly recommended Pork Osso Bucco!!!!
5	Great ambiance, delicious martinis! If you don't want anything too sweet try the love bug or cha cha martinis. Our friendly server Kevin made great recommendations for food after I told him what I was craving and trying to avoid. he knows the menu well. The owner Catherine visited each table and talked in detail about her dessert menu. It was really a great experience!
5	Every time my partner and I visit Vegas, our Vegas girlfriends take us out to dine at local culinary gems. Elements Kitchen and Martini Bar is one of those places. The hospitality we received is the kind that keeps me coming back for more.The martini list is long and awesome. I wanted to try all of them but my favorite that night was a banana flavored one. DELICIOUS!!! Yes I had two. Adult Candy.Our entrees were delectable.Dessert was over the top.  We got to sample pretty much everything on the dessert menu.It was such a nice evening.  I can't wait to get back to Vegas and return to Elements.
4	We finally tried Elements last Friday night (9/21) after realizing that trying to park at The Greek Festival was a No-Go.  I have had Elements bookmarked on Yelp for ever.We walked in and were immediately seated.  There were quite a few patrons at the bar.  I liked the atmosphere right off.  Intimate, slightly upscale but with a funky edge making it very welcoming.  The music was at a perfect volume as was the chatter of other customers.  My hubby noticed that in particular as some places you can barely hear yourself over the music! The server told us about the specials and was helpful in advising me on some martini's that would fit my taste.   I went with the Prickly Pear which was sublime!  We ordered the bruchetta with mushrooms.  We \were also served some of their yummy home baked bread with butter & chutney.  That chutney was YUMMY!  The bruchetta was late in coming but the server apologized realizing she forgot to put the order in.  It was worth the wait though.  My husband ordered the Lobster Ravioli which he loved!  I had the Portobello  ravioli with a curry sauce. Oh. My. God.  I wanted to lick the sauce off my plate!  We ended up passing on ordering dessert (the hubby said he was too full) but our server brought us their delectable homemade carrot cake and 2 of their homemade truffles anyways!!!  Scrumptious!!!  (Our server was a doll!)This was one of the nicest meals we have EVER had in Vegas.  We will be back!!!
4	Being down the street from Elements, my partner and I always said, 'we have to try that one day,' every time we passed.  Last night was the 'one day' and I have to say I'm not sure why we waited so long.  The atmosphere was extremely pleasant and this seemed to me to be a local community type of place - each time someone came in, they were greeted promptly - and many customers were known to the staff.  The owner even came over after we began munching on the bread (which the pesto bread was amazing!)  to make us feel 'at home.'They claim to have 300 martinis on their menu and though I didn't count, I definitely didn't doubt.  It was almost overwhelming to see the list because I wanted to try so many.  Smart of them (dangit) because the ones we had (golden delicious and love bug) were so good we have to come back to try the others.  The Mediterranean plate (with lamb meatballs, hummus, and tabouli) was great and the shrimp appetizers had great flavor (though maybe a bit overcooked for me, but my partner loved the texture).  The bbq pork bruschetta was ok - I didn't think it was a homerun per se, but it wasn't bad either.  At the end, we shared the bread pudding with raspberries on top...phenomenal! It was quite a great noshing dining experience with good food, great drinks, and incredible service.  Next time we go back, we'll try other martinis and grab a main course for food.They do have a happy hour where you can get $2 off of martinis and appetizers between 5:00 - 6:30pm.  If you sign up to be on the mailing list, they also have a martini club where you can get your 13th free.  Yay!We will definitely be back.
3	I like a place where you can sit and eat at the bar, chat up the bartenders, and have a great dinner.  Elements is quite lovely in that the food is prepared differently.  For example, their soups that should have cream are thickened with potato puree instead, which is a nice change of pace.  The food is presented beautifully, all very tasty, and the drinks are no exception.  Everything is made in-house, from dessert to drinks.  I like the fact that the chef cares what goes in to the food he makes, trying to use other alternatives than the usual fatty requirements for cooking.  Just the fact that it's made there instead of boxed up and reheated in a microwave says volumes.  I would definitely return for some delicious food, to try their daily specials and their decadent desserts.
4	I drive by this place everyday without looking twice. I finally decide to try this place after seeing growing popularity on yelp. I wish now I hadn't waited so long. They have a huge martini list I wish I could have tried, but decided against since my girlfriend and I were hungover from the night before. We started off with the calamari, tasted just like your typical restaurant calamari. Nothing to write home about. We also received bread as an appetizer, but tasted rather stale and was served cold. The owner was telling us her husband baked it fresh every morning which might have been the reason since it's from the morning. The steak I ordered on the other hand was amazing. Cooked perfectly medium rare packed full of flavor. The dessert menu is very unique too. Lots of stuff you won't find anywhere else like dessert coffees and martinis. My girlfriend and I got the two creme brulees and was very good. On a separate note, I noticed they place butcher paper over the table clothes. I know this is to prevent stains on cloths to save money from buying new ones, but it comes off cheap to me and takes away from the otherwise chic theme. Not a big deal, but just a personal observation.I'll definitely be back sometime in the near future and try a martini this time.
3	This place is right next to Chevron on Rainbow and Tropicana. A star for service, a star for the ambiance, half a star for the dessert creme brulee, & half a star for the impressive martini menu. For dinner I had pasta & a cappucino. Nothing fancy besides the decor. My boyfriend seemed to like his steak though. This small business shows that they really try. I just wasn't "wow"d. Id give it another round though!
4	I was here with a group of people from work.  Everyone really enjoyed their dishes and drinks.  The menu has some great choices... might I say something for almost anyone's taste.  Our server was great.  He answered everyone's questions and provided some really good insight based on our conversation.   I will return.
3	Mixed review. The martini list was amazing, and they have a nice selection of wine by the glass. The Abondigas appetizer was tasty, especially the marinara that had a hint of cumin. I had Chilean Sea Bass in a ponzu sauce that was delicious even though it was not really  that fish. My guest had the Jumbalaya, which she sadly described as 'Okay'. Prices were not bad, so we will give them another chance.
4	We really enjoyed a lovely dinner at Elements.  The staff is top-notch caring, the owners are lovely and personal, the menu is interesting and diverse, and the food was very good.Lollipop lamb chops very good.Shortrib over gorgonzola polenta well prepared...perfect with a bit of extra salt and polenta could have been more cheesyShrimp wrapped in proscuitto superbSea bass soy dish superbMartini menu excellentSmores bread pudding and homemade lava choc cake DELISHThis is a casual place, very friendly, and for Vegas sophisticated food instincts with reasonable prices and no flash.  In b/t the burbs and strip, so very convenient.
2	A small local martini bar off the strip. The crowd here (when we came) is more on the older side. I ordered the special menu of the night which was a pork loin medallion with potatoes and roasted vegetables and my bf ordered the New York steak. The portion size is pretty small for the price. The pork loin medallions were just 3 pieces and very tiny. The taste is good though. It just needed a tad of salt. The sauce had Madeira and mushrooms. The New York steak was also flavorful because of the chimichurri sauce on it. We didn't have the chance to try their desserts. Maybe next time.
4	We sat outside with our dog Sebastian and felt very welcomed! They brought out water and treats for him. Food was great, we had the beef short ribs appetizer and then portabella mushroom ravioli, and Elements linguini. Service was great, both owners came out at different times an our server Kate was awesome. I highly recommend this gem in Las Vegas!
5	Great service, food, drinks and people! Would recommend to anyone that wants to have a relaxing night with excellent food!
4	3.5 Stars would be my actual rating...but I'm giving 4 because the service was great with both manager and chef stopping to check on us, and because the atmosphere was neighborhood cozy and convivial. Food: We had the shortrib / gorgonzola polenta and lamp lolly appetizers. They were very good....the polenta a tad sweet for me, but hey, it's cornmeal.  The lamb was served with lentils and cherries, which sounds odd but worked nicely.  We both had the house salad with gorgonzola dressing and agreed it was delicious.  For our entree's dude had New York strip steak au poive, and I had the crispy duck. He liked his steak but not the gristle running along the side.  The potatoes and veggies were fresh and tasty.  My duck was okay, a bit overdone, but mainly suffered from soggy skin.  This has become my #1 restaurant pet peeve, crispy skin ruined with saucing. Please, stop! Did you know there are 500 types of martini's in the world? Me neither.  But there are, and they all reside here.  Elements has a 5 page martini menu with creative titles as a John Hodgeman list of hobo names...though not so funny.  Still, kind of silly, kind of fun, and  HALF OFF during happy hour.  Yea! Who is John Hodgeman. and what list of hobo names, you ask?  In the name of 'Niles Butterball', #80 on the list, I beseech you to get thee to a bookstore, NOW.
5	What a delight!I have driven past Elements plenty of time but thought nothing of it. April F. invited me out for dinner and we met up with some friends. She made a reservation but on this Wednesday night there were plenty of tables. I was pleasantly surprised at the creativity of the menu. Just reading through I could pick out at least 5 appetizers I wanted and 5 entrees. We decided on the braised short ribs on polenta and Pear/Gorgonzola salad to start. The short ribs were so tender and delicious!! The salad was pretty darn good. Bread came along side the appetizers which was delicious as well.It was ladies night on Wednesday night which meant $10 off bottles of wine! Yes! High five!For the main course, April and I split the Osso Buco (SPECTACULAR) as well as the Mussels in curry cream sauce (DELICIOUS) and the calamari (OOOH SO TENDER).Catherine, the owner, kept coming by to check on us. Then after dinner she decided to verbally entice us with her descriptions of the desserts. There were too many to choose from so she suggested getting the chef's sampler. $16 for the popular desserts on the menu! GENIUS!!We had the bread pudding, creme brulee,...I CAN'T Remember the rest due to the wine but all were so good!! I also had an almond joy latte which had almond, coconut and espresso. SO GOOD.This place is an amazing family owned business. The food is amazing and the ambience is so delightful. There are many specials available if you get on their e-mail lists, like them on facebook, twitter.
5	When I walked in I immediately realized how small and cozy this place is. The decor is classy but not too fancy. You definitely don't feel uncomfortable or out of your element here. We sat at the bar and ordered off of their martini menu. All 140+? drinks are organized by the type of liquor they are made of. We were there on a Tuesday evening and happy hour lasted until 6:30p. This gets you $4 off drinks and appetizers. We sampled the Kobe beef, the calamari and the mussels. Everything was great but the mussels were over the moon AMAZING. Definitely worth going back just for the mussels! The owner made her rounds while we were there, introducing herself and making sure everyone enjoyed their drinks. As we sat there, more and more, everyone who walked in was greeted by name. This is definitely a great locals spot. I was able to glance at the full menu and noticed the entres were definitely not average bar food. Although priced a little higher than the average bar, I look forward to trying so classy, not fried, cusine from this place in the near future.
5	Not the best location but the food and drinks are spectacular.
5	The staff was wonderful with my 20+ reservation! I had talked w the manger a few different times and she was great! We were immediately seated and our servers were great, too! The food was amazing- every person in our party commented on what a great time they had! We will definitely be going back next time in Vegas! Thank you, Catherine for all of your help!!
4	This in my opinion is the best gourmet food in all of Vegas!  The menu is ever changing and the drinks outta of this world.. Hidden gem. I had the short rib  gorgonzola polenta it was amazing.
4	This foodie dined here with her discerning spouse and 2 local residents. We were all impressed with the eclectic menu. Not a martini fan but we each found one that peaked our interest and enjoyed them. The wine list was small but sufficient. The short ribs w polenta and shrimp and shrimp with scallops appetizers were outstanding. The jambalaya, New York strip and chicken penne were all winners. Staff and patrons were friendly and helpful. Owner Jose was gracious and appreciative. Prices were very reasonable. The strip steak was half the cost of the name chef steakhouses on the strip and every bit as good. Looking forward to returning on our next visit.
5	Great good. Service was superb. I really liked the unusual spices and herbs they use in their good. Going back again for their homemade desserts. Found it by accident on our vacation in Vegas. Will make out a regular stop on future visits.
4	Came in for dinner and we had: House made bread - I love it when restaurants make their own bread and flavored butter. The bread and flat bread was so good, I had to stop myself from filling up on it. Mussels - I'm used to the white wine mussels but the sauce for this one was a curry coconut base. The sauce was thick and enveloped the mussels. It was really good and I would come back just for this. Mini Pork Osso Buco - I've had beef Osso Buco but not pork so I asked the server to tell me more. He said it was really good and tender so why not. When it came out, it was like (2) thick pork ribs. I was expecting more from this. Maple Liberty Duck - This dish came with (2) duck legs so it was a large portion. The duck was cooked perfectly medium and the rich berry wine sauce complemented the duck well. There was no gamey taste. I would definitely come back and sit at the bar. There is a locals' feel to it which made me feel welcome.
5	My first 5 star review. The food was excellent! I had the calamari appetizer and it was amazing, melt in your mouth delicious. It came with a tasty papaya mango dip. My main course was the  WOOD GRILLED CREEKSTONE FARMS 60 DAYS AGED NY STEAK 24--All Natural, Wood Grilled, Served with Chef Jose Luis' Family Recipe CHIMICHURRI Sauce (Roasted Garlic, Parsley, Meyer Lemon, Martinique Red Pepper Flakes, EVOO) it was cooked perfectly (medium rare) and tasted amazing! The martini selection is awesome, almost overwhelming. Reasonably priced and courteous staff, the only thing that could make it 6 stars would be a more inviting patio area; although the ambiance inside is very romantic. I will definitely be back!!!
5	We absolutely Adore Catherine and Jose...they are the warmest people and make the best food!!!  My Dutch husband toook me there for my birthday tonight and we were greeted by Kevin like we were old friends or family.  Catherine knew we were coming but unfortunately had to leave. But, she made sure that Kevin knew we were special and left some Great Dutch treats and extras for us!!! You see, she is Dutch heritage as well, so her and my Dutchman fall into their comfortable first language and recognition of the ...old country!!!  The food was spectacular, Kevin is a Rock Star waiter,,,,really,,,and Jose didn't mind sharing some the treats that came from Holland by way of his mother-in-lain a care package!!Thank You for making my Birthday extra special and feeling like home!!
5	great place! i drove by this place everyday on my way to work for almost 2 years and never noticed it.came here to have dinner with my family before heading back to korea.appetizers:bruchetta - they change it up. had mushrooms and pork. was pretty good, kept thinking of tomatoes but that changed once i took a bite.lamb legs - lots of good flavor with lentil beansduck salad - mixed greens with pieces of duck. greens were ok. duck was good.samosa - def not made by an indian person but i ate i like an indian person.entree:seabass - very nice crust of seseme seedscrispy duck - still moist and the blueberry sauce was really good with itpork shank - very tender. kinda like pulled pork. the spicy marinara was really good. we used the chutney that came with the bread. the chutney tasted like a chinese duck sauce.service was good. definitely a nice place to take someone on a date or anniversary. unfortunately i have no one =(
4	I've never been in for anything but happy hour, but all of the food and martinis I've had there are great.  They offer a daily Happy Hour from 5P-630P, and they offer  $2 OFF All Appetizers & Drinks.  They have a ridiculous amount of martinis on the menus, so be prepared to peruse for awhile.  The only reason I do not give this 5 stars is the pricing,  They are a little on the pricey side, so $2 off doesn't go very far.  Just be prepared to spend more than usual on your happy hour and you'll love it.
5	Loved the extensive selection of Maritinis and delicious food. The owner came by our table to make sure we were all happy with what we ordered and explained to us exactly how their food/dessert was prepared. I can't wait to go back next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Nice fine dining without going to the strip.  The filet was one of the best steaks ever.  Try one of the many martini's.
5	Good food, great drinks, friendly staff, fair prices... Classy but not snobby. I just wish they opened earlier, but if they don't need to, then good for them.
5	Greeted promptly great atmosphere. Fire and Ice shrimp and scallops were amazing. Jambalaya was delicious. Paul very nice and accommodating. Alberto was fun and made great martinis. Perfect neighborhood place to relax and no gaming..which is nice. Will be back again soon.
5	Tired of the showy pretentiousness of the strip, we were after a quality meal. And Elements certainly met the mark.Awesome menu, absolutley fantastic cocktail list, and probably the best service we've ever had in the States.We not a big fan of sweet drinks, and while Elements definitely has a drinks menu that suits every taste, their staff know their stuff and recommended some great cocktails that were perfect for our taste.They were also very accomodating to our Gluten Free requirment, with an option of gluten free pasta available, plus even bringing out a gluten free brownie that wasn't even on the menu!If you're after a top notch meal at a reasonable price, with service that makes you feel right at home, then look no further than Elements. Sure, it may be a bit out from the Strip, but it's well worth the trip.
3	This place has good enough food but the means of getting reservations is horrible.  48 hours notice and filling out a form I'd fill out at a doctor's office is pretty ridiculous.  We're in a fast paced society that work a lot through our phones and it's silly for me to go through the hassle of online reservations when I can't call during a meeting, etc.  I wish you'd come up with a solution.  I've heard others say the same and I think if you made the online process easier we'd be apt to visit more.  I hope you take my advice!!
5	BEST martinis I've ever had. Hands down!!We showed up at closing time (we didn't know they were closing) and they were nice enough to make martinis for us. We enjoyed the Banana Bomb, Mark's Peanut Butter Cup, Haunted House, and the PB&J. All 4 of them were unbelievable. It's a nice, small, quiet, and enjoyable atmosphere. The staff was very friendly and inviting. We can't wait to go back!!
5	The entire staff of Elements made my 26th birthday celebration so special. My group of six was greeted with a warm welcome right when we entered, and the rest of our experience continued to build in a positive way as the evening went on. We ordered various items on the pasta menu - tough choice - along with their tomato basil soup. The Soup was incredible - so much flavor and depth to it. Executive Chef John Goyak surprised our table with black truffle ravioli for all six of us along with calamari to start - we savored the deliciousness of each bite. Next our various pasta entrees came out and ... Amazing!  Everyone was incredibly happy with the flavor a of their dish - fresh, great quality, layers of flavor!To end the evening, chef John came out with a French toast brioche type of dessert with a candle on it so he could personally greet me happy birthdayEverything about our experience at elements was incredible and I couldn't have been more satisfied with the whole experience. Thank you!!!
4	Walking into the restaurant, you kind of run RIGHT into the bar. Like, LITERALLY. I opened the door and the bar was RIGHT THERE. There isn't a host or anything, the lovely bartender Kara greeted me and I grabbed a seat at the bar. The dining room is small and there is also a small patio outside. SCALLOPS?!! Yes please!!! It's dinner time baby! At first glance at the menu, I'm thinkin Calamari... THEN I saw the Wood grilled fire & ice scallops and shrimp! Game on!! Obvi I ordered this aaaand it was perfectly cooked! The scallops were so tender and DELICIOUS and the sauce that accompanied it was freakin' tasty as well!! Friend also ordered bruschetta, a half and half plate of Chicken Pesto bruschetta and Tomato Basil bruschetta. Both were nommy as well! Friend ordered the steak and although he likes his steak medium-well, I tried a bite and it was GOOD! It was crispy on the outside and it was juicy on the inside! I opted for the special of the evening which was a kind of shrimp fettuccine with a mildy spicy creamy red sauce. It wasn't bad at all - but I was pretty stuffed from the apps. For dessert I grabbed the last piece of triamsu and friend got the house made brownies. OH. MY. GOD. Brownies were SOOOOOOOOO good!! The brownies came out warm and ooey gooey on the inside and they was SOOOOOOOO damn delicious! HOLY COW!! My triamsu wasn't bad either, I really liked the little cookie thing it came with and the triamsu itself was nice and moist but the brownie really was THE best. Definitely try this!! !This is a martini bar and they have a menu FULL of martini's, like A LOT!!! I decided I would try one, so I opted for the Brazilian Blue - I believe it has Stoli Blueberry, Blue Curacao, Pineapple and Pomegranate juice in it. It was OK... First I kind of thought it tasted like grape kool-aid. Friend said it tasted like medicine... I only drank about half and switched to the Red Sangria. This was OK too.. I wasn't really too blown away by either drink, but the menu is SO big, when I go back I will try something else!
5	This review is long but i have so many wonderful things to say about this place! First I want to say that this restaurant uses foods grown as organic and as close to local farmers as possible. They also only serve meats and fish that are raised in a humane way. I love that I will not be eating GMO's and antibiotics for dinner! The portions are very generous so come in with an appetite. The service and food went way WAY above our expectations!! We stumbled upon this gem of a restaurant yesterday while driving around lost from the airport to my husbands parents house. I was hungry, thirsty and very grouchy from the crummy flight and rental car experience. We passed by this place while actually searching for a different restaurant on yelp.  Elements had an open sign on in the window and said "Martini Bar"! It was our lucky day! Elements has just begun lunch service, before they only served dinner. We had wonderful fresh fish tacos that came with homemade chips and salsa and decided upon a bottle of chianti.The day staff was so friendly and chatty and happy.It cured my bad mood.The owner Paul was at the bar and he was so friendly as well as hilarious.It was so delicious and fun we decided to return with the parents for dinner. Kevin was our server for dinner and OMG the laughing continued! He is so funny and a wonderful server. All the staff here seem on their toes because even people who were not our server would stop to refill our empty wine/water/bread etc. Excellent job!We started with Prince Edward Island Mussels, Jumbo Shrimp Marnier and the owner Paul sent over the "Lollipop" Lamb Chops served over lentils and port wine reduction. The flavors were out of this world.The mussels were in a creamy coconut curry. I have never seen that before.The shrimp were wrapped in prosciutto.YUM! I had the sesame crusted sea bass for dinner which was so fresh.It was a nice thick piece of flaky fish topped off with a ponzu sauce. My husband had the New York steak that was cooked perfect medium rare and topped with a chimichurri sauce of garlic, parsley,lemon,red pepper,and olive oil. Soooooo Yummy. My father in law had the Pork Osso Buco that was braised in a plum chipotle sauce and which he is still talking about this morning as I am writing this. My mother in law had the Crispy Roast Duck. I do not believe you can get duck like this any other place. The duck is a HUGE portion and the sauce of creme de cassis, wine and blueberries was served on the side to keep the duck nice and crispy.Our only regret was not ordering one of their homemade desserts..... there is always next time!
4	This is a very cool & cozy neighborhood place.  Excellent choice to bring a date or have a romantic dinner.  The food was absolutely 5 stars while the waiter service was 3 stars.  I requested a martini recommendation with certain ingredients and expected him to return with two or three ideas.  Instead he returned and presented me with a completed martini containing another strong ingredient.  Next time I guess we will need to sit at the bar to speak directly to the mixologist.  And he never even asked if I liked it!!!  The food is top notch - very fresh and flavorful.  My only complaint would be the portion sizes - I left still somewhat hungry but maybe that's because it was so good I wanted to keep eating LOL.  We definitely recommend the fire/ice shrimp/scallop appetizer plate but you probably can't go wrong here with any choices.
2	tip: small place so better make reservationsthis place probably gets the 4.5 yelp stars for the wide selection of beer and martini but really gets one star from the food.  short rib on polenta was good but not very surprising or something that you would go back for.  Bruschetta was very plain though it seemed like it was famous for it which is totally not the case.  jambalaya is creole dish but nonetheless shows up in an Italian restaurant which boggles the mind.  it was okay at best because the rice was not very rich in flavor.  crispy duck is really just deep fried duck, not the pressed in a pan crispy version or roasted.  was not marinated or spiced.  the best things there were the drinks and the service which can't be argued.
1	Used to be one of my fav place-not any more!!! The owner is different, so as kitchen stuff:( menu has changed for the WORST, prices are up tremendously! To start they brought 4 thin slices of bread for 3 adults. Then very small portion of fried calamari drenched in undercooked batter, and completely tasteless. Even the speck of 2 kinds of sauce couldn't save the dish. Two of us had seabass on a bed of undercooked rice, and so oily that I can still taste it my mouth  an hour later:(( the third person had some pasta with mushrooms ,bland chicken and flamed Italian sausage,, which tasted like very chip hotdogs. Needless to say he hasn't even complete half of the dish(hungry grown up man)!!! and the place was totally empty. To top  it off the bottle of Kenwood Zin $5 at "fresh and easy" cost $32 there. Horrible overpriced  food will stop me for coming here for good:((
5	What an outstanding little gem!!! My girlfriend and I were looking for a place to eat off the strip, for her birthday, and happened upon this restaurant and were completely blown away at the quality of the food and the comfort of the restaurant interior. She had the lobster ravioli while I had the surf and turf. I could not have been happier, the steak was perfectly cooked, to my level of done-ness, and the ravioli were tender and flavorful. Our waiter, the owner and the chef all stopped by to talk to us about our meal and were very engaging. If you are looking for a great meal, polite and outgoing staff, with and comfortable atmosphere this is the place to go.
4	we have been passing by Elements for years and even stopped in once or twice but found the menu a bit not to our liking . FINALLY last evening we decided to stop in .. what a delightful spot ! charming waiter, Carlo cozy room .. a bit of a loud bar crowd but had dwindled by 8 .caesar salad with roasted peppers & gorgonzola .. fabulous ! steamed split king crab legs   light  succulent, sweet ..Not INexpensive but not exorbitant either the new owner stopped by .. a very very outgoing guy . friendly & nice ..and obviously proud of his recent takeover  & changes of Elements   only comment is that he needs to take it down a notch or 2 .. a bit overwhelming to customers who want to have a pleasant , peaceful dining experience  !!
2	Wow, I'm so sad to write this update. I was a regular here, Jose Luis & Kathryn were amazing. I had a bad feeling when they sold to new owners, the food may go downhill. The new owners did make some changes, they are now open for brunch on the weekends, and they stay open later. We went for Sunday brunch today, the menu looked decent, I ordered chicken & waffles on a recommendation. When they came out, it literally looked like Eggo waffles with two chicken fingers laid on top. I was hoping it tastes better than it looked. Nope. It tasted exactly the way it looked. I tried my best to eat it, but it was really bad. The server ended up taking it off the bill for me because she felt bad. You can definitely tell that the kitchen is being run by a cook who came from running some shit holes downtown (Hennesey's and Mickey Finnz). The only thing I can hope is that Kevin, my favorite bartender doesn't leave. He makes amazing cocktails. I guess I can't go there to eat anymore.
5	Steak TarTar is so good! I'm talking "Christmas party in my mouth" good! Quail Egg on top, premium beef, gorgeous sexy. Great new menu lineup with some wonderful additions ( Liz's Penne! Bone-in Ribeye) . I can't say enough wonderful things about Paul and Liz the new owners. Familiar staff, new staff, it just keeps getting better and better. Everyone will miss the former owners Catherine and Jose Luis, but the restaurant is in good hands with new owners Paul and Liz.
5	Excellent food and Service.  Paul and Carla are the bomb.  Highly recommended!!!Todd& Sandra
4	Good food, good service.  Wait staff is friendly and fun.  Would like to make this our neighborhood go-to place.
1	I lovED this place so much, I forwardED their 20% off promotion for lunch to my whole department, I strongly recommendED all my friends, family, and clients this place, that's why I have to write this review.I came to this place for Happy Hours and dinners. Always a pleasure especially the dinner on Thursday, 12/26/2013. The holiday special: Surf and Turf (Tomahawk ribeye and king crabs) and lemon base seasoning sea bass WERE phenomenon!!  I therefore took my friend who loves fish and seafood here tonight and ordered the same things. I called before we arrived to make sure they still serve (Tomahawk ribeye and king crabs). Before I ordered, I confirmed with our server, Barry, for the sea bass. Barry told us sea bass is always on the menu.I hate to say that, but the fish was chewy and definitely not sea bass. I showed Barry the picture I took last time as I am a Yelper and never skip the picture of good food. Barry was not attentive and told me next time just to show the picture first and the kitchen will make the same fish. -- If it's a dish always on the menu, why do the costumers need to show the picture to make sure getting the same food and quality??The disaster hasn't ended. The steak was way too raw that we didn't even finish a quarter. The king crabs were warm in most of part but with dry and FROZEN part. Our server, Barry, only had 3 tables at that time, and he spent 98% of his attention on one person of one of these 3 tables. After I reflected him about the fish and showed him the picture and after he witnessed the untouched steak, he just avoided my table!! Barry apparently doesn't care about the clients like the previous servers I met here before.The only right thing for tonight is the food runner, RIGO, who is awesome, professional, and much more attentive than Barry. RIGO greeted every table he served, made sure the guests were satisfied, and RIGO was the only person who asked us about the untouched steak. -- Thumb up for RIGO!!  I am not going back to this place no matter how much I lovED it when there is no consistency of food and welcoming service. I have better way to spend my $100 + bills.
5	Love it here! The Lobster Ravioli was amazing! Excellent customer service.
4	I wrote an unfavorable review of Elements back in 2010. I am pleased to report that I gave the place another try last night and was extremely pleased with this place! I do believe the layout of the place has changed as it is now very inviting and comfortable, especially sitting at the bar. Speaking of the bar, the 'tenders were two of the most welcoming and friendly people. They had jokes for days and poured a good drink. The suggested tapas were excellent. We're looking forward to coming back on Sunday for their bottomless Bloody Marys that Carla remarked she made a gr8 one. From what I have read below they may have changed owners which could have made the difference? Either way, I'm glad I left my mind open to try this place again. Thanks
2	Just changed my original review from 5 months ago.... Made it when Jose Luis & Catherine owned it...  5 to 2  stars... Food still good...I guess I would say decent... Some stuff on menu has changed for better and worst... Weird oil n vinegar (wtf!) never seen powdered oil & jelled balsamic ( bizarre & sucked!) atmosphere is nice but is super creepy with the band ( or actually lounge act) & new owner that is there now... Only perk is that the old barkeep Kevin still remains... But for how long? Over priced for the staff they have now ( except Kevin) bottom line is I miss the old elements & won't b back .... Love u Kevin but new owner freaks me n' my girls out!!!!!!
1	I used to go here all the time before the new owners took over because we live at Spanish Trails next door. The previous owners used to come out and introduce themselves personal to everyone and the customer service was top notch! Now it's like any other "Over Priced" restaurant with very average food and the deserts are Terrible now!!! Not to mention the customer service is the Worst! For the exception of one bartender there the new staff is terrible!
2	I don't even know where to start. It was a really confusing experience. We got there 15 minutes before their tapas menu and $5 martini happy hour (normally $9) was ending. Right away we knew we wanted to order the pretzel sticks with cheese sauce which were on their menu online. We noticed it was not on the menu, so we asked the waiter. I said, "oh I guess we don't have it anymore if it isn't on there." He then asked if we wanted a martini menu, which we did even though we aren't big vodka fans. He came back to take our drink order after happy hour was over, so we decided not to get martinis.  It was 50 degrees outside and the had the patio door open. Right when we sat down I noticed how cold it was, I had goosebumps and I was shivering. Some people asked to be moved away from the door, we ended up asking them if they would close it, and they did. Then they just went and propped open the front door! Just as cold.We saw online it was half price sangria on Wednesdays, so we asked what kinds they had. The waiter said whatever kind we wanted, so we asked if they had sparkling. He said sure no problem. Another 20 minutes went by, and I saw at the bar the bartender and waiter were talking and looked confused about how to make the sangria. It came out and did not look right. I asked what was in it and the waiter said champagne, lemonade, orange juice, SPRITE, and a random assortment of fruit that I think were garnish for martinis (strawberries, raspberries, blackberries). It was sour and tasted nothing like sangria. They said they would fix it. Another 10 minutes went by and they brought it back. It tasted even worse! We asked what they added to it and all they added was pinot grigio. We let them know we know longer wanted sangria. The bartender came over, asked what we didn't like about it, we explained that we aren't used to having sangria made with champagne and sprite. She said, "well you asked for sparkling and we don't have sparkling sangria, we only have red." Why would the waiter not have told us that? She asked what we wanted to drink instead. I asked about a couple bottles of wine that they were sold out of. She recommended a wine that they were charging $50 a bottle for that I know sells for less than $10 in the grocery store. She said when we figured out what we wanted to tell our waiter. So we figured we would ask about their craft beer choices. The waiter didn't know what varietals each  brand of beer was, he said one was dark and one was fruity. Well he got them backwards, and neither was really dark or fruity. By now we had been there about 45 minutes, so we told them we would stick to water with dinner and have dessert martinis after. He brought us his favorite martini on the house which was the antioxidant. It was fine, but like we told him, we don't really like vodka. We took a couple sips and left the rest. After ordering dinner some bread was brought out with garlic oil and a balsamic jelly. There were 2 very thin slices of white bread which was good and 2 stale pieces of jalapeno focaccia bread which was inedible. There was such little oil on the plate, I thought they were joking at first and were going to give us a bottle on the side to pour ourselves. I am not kidding, it barely even coated half of this little plate. Our dinner came out quickly. My fiance ordered the cheese tortellini. It was definitely the packaged frozen kind, and some were really hard while others were soft. I got the penne vodka with chicken and bacon. It was actually really delicious! But I don't think either was worth $18. We have had much better, fresher, cheaper pasta in the area at places like Spaghetti Western and The Sparklings. When we were done the waiter came over and asked if we wanted banana cream pie. We said we didn't like banana cream pie, and he walked away. Shortly he came back with our check. I see on reviews they have other desserts, but they never offered to show us a dessert menu or tell us what other desserts they have. We also had told them we were going to get dessert martinis, but they must have forgot. Even thought the penne vodka was good, after all that we would not go back. The only place I would recommend this place is if you like martinis, because they have over 100 on their menu.
2	I have gone back to this restaurant recently and discovered that the management/ownership has changed and so has my perspective of this restaurant. Not so happy because a lot of it had to do with the ambience and the warmth of the previous owners. The food I had was decent although I only had appetizers so I can't say much for the quality or the sameness but the management is certainly different.
3	I'm pretty conflicted about this place. I have wanted to check them out for a while, but never got a chance until they recently offered a Groupon. We arrived around 5pm on a Sunday and the place was empty. We decided to sit out on the patio to enjoy the nice weather and extended daylight did to the time change. Luckily they had happy hour so we opted to stick to the tapas and discounted martinis. $5 for any martini. Seemed like a great deal and they have over 500 to choose from. We also ordered some messy fries, stuffed olives and a pizza to share. The stuffed olives were nice. Wrapped in bacon and stuffed with cheese. The pizza was ok. A little undercooked and came out a little on the lukewarm side which wasn't very appetizing. The fig added a nice flavor but a little more time in the oven would have helped the texture and flavor. The messy fries were the highlight of the meal. Fries slathered in buffalo sauce and mixed with bleu cheese. They were spicy and dripping  with sauce and yet maintained their nice crunchy texture. The martinis were ok. I ordered the blackberry and my fella got the strawberry shortcake. There were so many options I found it difficult to narrow down what I wanted. I'll definitely have to take more time to research next time I come. Overall our meal was nice but nothing was amazing and since we didn't order meals I can't speak too much to the regular menu. Our server was extremely attentive, almost too much at times, but we appreciated his effort since we were outside and he didn't want us to think he forgot about us at any point. More people trickled in around 6pm so hopefully they do get more people than we saw during our meal. I would be interested in coming back for happy hour again. $5 martinis are a great deal and I'd likely come back for that alone.
3	Owner very loud for half of our meal speaking to one table. He then greeted other tables and never came to ours. There were only 2 tables occupied and a few people at the bar. I found this to be very rude, plus the volume of his conversation was disturbing.Great bread, garlic oil and balsamic jelly. Calamarie app was under seasoned and soggy; massive amount of dipping sauce, had good flavor (was ok wouldn't order again) Steak tartar was outstanding and a very large portion. Lobster ravioli was good but soooooo spicy and the description on the menu didn't mention Spicey!I will give it one more try but if the owner is obnautious again then it will be my last.Half of the food was really good, then half wasn't. The waiter also chatted a lot, seriously a twenty minute conversation when I was trying to have a romantic dinner with my husband. If your going to linger at a table pick a topic that interests both parties.
3	Went to try the drinks at happy hour. They were just OK. Too many to choose from. Somewhat gimmicky.
3	Messy fries and $5 martinis during happy hour are enough to make me love this place. I have dreams about those messy fries and I can't wait to come back soon. Service was a little overly attentive, but I think this was just the case because we were the only party in the restaurant. They have so many martinis it's hard to decide what to order. I wish the menu was a little more organized to help make the decision a little easier. I really liked sitting outside while enjoying our cocktails, that's a nice touch.
2	In one word - underwhelming. A little surprised that they are currently rated 4 stars. Had a Groupon and heard good things about this place, so decided to give it a try.First impression: we were seated at a table right in front of a door that wait staff were going in and out of (to the outdoor patio). To top it off, the table was REALLY wobbly.Second impression: ordered the bruschetta to start...mediocre. Bread was not toasted enough thus it was soggy. Tomatoes not very flavorful.Third impression: ordered the grilled vegetable pasta. For $18, I could have made this at home for about $5. Menu said it had mushrooms...no mushrooms. Not very flavorful, even a hint of olive oil or garlic would have helped.Without the Groupon, our total would've been $60 for two people (2 entrees, 1 appetizer). Service was good, but the food needs major improvement to charge those prices.
1	Last two times there- DREADFUL   NEW ownership is sinking the ship, especially since congenial manager, Kevin, resigned
4	Tried this place for the first time and it did not disappoint! I went for dinner on a Monday night and it happened to be $5 martini night! So of course I tried a drink that had lavender and gin in it . Can't remember the name but let me tell you it was so delicious and refreshing with the lavender making you feel relaxed. This place is small and intimate which I really like because I went to catch up with a close friend. There is seating at the bar as well as tables. They have a full bar and a huge wine list. Parking lot is was easy to get in and out of. They offer happy hour too! Went off some yelp recommendations to help choose food options. Tried the pig and fig Delicious! As soon as I saw the description and saw that there was fig jam I was all over it. Just the right amount of salt and sweet and big enough to share between to people. Fire and ice shrimp has scallops in it. Smaller portion of scallops than I expected it to be but none the less very tasty and not too spicy or salty. Everything but the kitchen sink salad was recommended by the waiter and he was nice enough to even spilt the salad portion into two servings with out us even asking him to so that my friend and I could share the salad. If you are looking for a salad that has a little bit of everything this is the one for you. I checked in on yelp and they had a coupon for free dessert. So I tried they're lava cake. Very rich and chocolatey I had to share because I couldn't finish it myself.  This was my first time here and it will for sure not be my last!
1	I'm honestly shocked at all the positive reviews here.   Came about a year ago and had a good experience and thought I'd bring the husband and some friends this time.    We sat for twenty five minutes with NO acknowledgement. According to the menu there are new owners. Message to the new owners: in a half full restaurant your size, the waitress should be over to greet within two minutes .  We stared, we waved and got nothing.  Left without even getting water.
5	Great meal last night!  The Za'tar lamb burger was cooked to perfection, rare just like I requested.  The sauces that came with it, yougurt cucumber, and hummus, were flavorful and smooth.  We splurged on the desert sampler, and I am glad we did.
4	Went last night and had a really nice time.  Service was very good, there was a short wait for our martinis but once that is acknowledged, short apology, I am fine with waiting.  We shared the bacon wrapped shrimp, short rib appetizers followed by the duck.  While my husband enjoyed the shrimp more than I did we liked the everything else equally.  I loved the martini flight that was suggested!  What a great idea and since they change it every month it looks like we will be returning!
1	I will most definitely NEVER eat here simply based on the fact how incredibly rude the owners are. I am not sure if ownership changed, but these two individuals are absolutely Appalling.
1	We used to eat here regularly when the former owners had it.  It was our favorite place to eat in Vegas. Just ate there for the last time. Service was slow. Had to ask for my iced tea twice and never got a refill. Had to ask for bread (it was stale).  The waitress was terrible. My vegetable pasta had something that looked like bacon in it.  The waitress said it was peanut sauce from the plate that was next to it in the window? Really?  They brought me another one and the cauliflower and broccoli pieces had hard, inedible stems on them and were too large to eat.  The sauce was watery in the bottom of the bowl.  I will never eat there again. If I am going to pay $17 for vegetable pasta, I expect something better than that.
1	Sadly disappointed to learn that the ownership and management have changed.  We came here from out of town mainly due to the personalities and talents in the kitchen, that we had enjoyed several times before.  Now it's over.  Waitress is the bartender?  No menus upon seating?  Poor service.  I think the owners and staff are polite and enthusiastic, but it's not Elements anymore.
1	The food was awful. I can't believe how bad the bread was. How do you serve cold bread of the poorest quality at a restaurant? Then you take that same cold poor quality bread and grill on both sides and put a cheap tomato sauce and cheese on it put under open flame in serve it as bruschetta. Now the bread tastes burned. I can't believe how bad this place was. The jumbalaya was more like a paella that had little to no flavor and the rice was not cooked completely through. No wonder they were giving away a 25 dollar certificate to this place from the radio shopping show. I willl not return! I don't drink alcohol, so this was not the place for me. I was expecting some good food, and didn't even come close to getting mad. I left the restaurant still wanting more to eat because I left shrimp on my plate and left two slices of bruschetta because it was so unappealing.
1	I really want to like this place, but to say that it was a let down is an understatement.  The service here was terrible.  Very slow, uninformative with all questions, overall just a very poor experience.  The live music they had was awesome and probably what kept us here for as long as we were.  Will not be returning though.
1	I came here on a Sunday with 9 friends for brunch and "bottomless" mimosas. Off the bat I got a bad taste in my mouth cause the waitress refused to give me any sort of list on the 500 mimosa flavors they offer. I started with a strawberry mimosa and ordered the breakfast burrito. Both were just ok. The burrito was very bland and had no cheese (which it's supposed to come with) and the mimosa had very little strawberry flavor. After we all ate we focused on drinking and ordered a round of pineapple upside down mimosas...25 minutes later we got them. They were good, but not worth the wait. The next round was supposed to be blackberry, but never came. In fact my husband went to the bar and saw our tray of mimosas just sitting there. About 10 minutes later we got them and they were terrible. They tasted like cough syrup. Next round I decided to go up to the bar myself and order directly from who I'm assuming was the owner (she was wearing regular clothes whereas everyone else was wearing a uniform). She stood there another 5 minutes drying off glasses so I asked if she was working on my order since the last one took 25 minutes. She said yes and about 10 minutes later they started making them. (This round was cranberry mimosas and were also not that great). After the last round they ran out of champagne. What?! If you are not prepared to serve bottomless mimosas then don't offer them. The service is terrible, the food is not that great and the mimosas are so so. Their only saving grace is the live duo that was performing.
5	I'll make a long, happy story short. My mom passed last year. My dad is 80 & has Parkinson's. He is in a wheel chair. We wanted to take him some place close, warm, welcoming & fun, with great food....even more so, great martini's. It would have been their anniversary. The family was on a mission to celebrate it & lift his spirits. A friend recommended Elements. We took a chance on it, never having been. This place was a blessing & huge boost for my dad. He started with a martini flight trio. He moved on to a Grey Goose extra dirty. His favorite was the chachacha. We had THE BEST FOOD. There was a succulent shrimp & scallop appetizer, curried new zealand green lip mussels & a proscuitto, brie flatbread with fig preserves. My dad had this amazing roasted duck w/a fruity red wine  reduction glaze. I had a juicy grass fed black angus filet. I wanted to taste my brother's halibut dressed with & I quote,"A creamy yet delicate miso ponzu sauce." He wouldn't let me. I think he licked his plate :-)Most importantly, the staff was everything we had hoped for. They were able to make my dad feel accommodated &  at home. We felt like part of Element's happy, fun loving family. We will definitely be back. My dad wants me to write......Donald Duck cha cha cha. I think it's a private joke between him & the owner. If I had to guess, he's talking about the martini & the roasted duck :-)
5	The food here is 5 star plus. Paul the owner is so committed to delivering great quality that you can't go wrong. We knew the minute we walked in that the vibe was totally inviting and friendly. Try the kool aid martini or the blue Hawaii martini. For apps try the fire and ice shrimp and scallop or the lamb lollipops... Sure to be a great meal'
5	A friend and I came here for dinner and we had a great time. The food was delicious and came with entertainment. There was a fun jazz singer doing all the old hits. The staff was very attentive and accommodating. Our waitress was Mimi and she is a doll, just loved her, great service. While we were eating the owner was circulating the bar and dining area talking with people. It was like eating at a family members house. Small enough to be intimate, nicely decorated, and full of friendly folks. Everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. I did not have a martini off their extensive menu but the bartenders seemed to be really on their game. The food was really tasty, I had the Greek Burger. Their fries are amazing. Like McDonalds fries but better and with herbs. I also loved their hummus, I could eat a plate of that by itself. I really enjoyed my time there, it was relaxing and fun!
5	Came here with my hubby to celebrate our anniversary and it was great. Food was great and service was over the top. I plan to be back for happy hour and sample a few more martinis. The mojito martini definitely got my attention.
4	My server, Mimi, was so awesome!! She is the one redeeming quality at elements!  Thanks, Mimi!!! I will be back just because of her upbeat personality and awesome service.
5	First off I thought it was funny that I read these reviews after I ate hear this weekend and was pretty surprised by some of them. We came on to visit some friends from out of town and our friends chose this place to eat at. When I 1st arrived I was pleasantly surprised by the decor, it didn't look like it was going to be as nice as it was from the outside. The only negative I can say from the entire experience was that I didn't get my soda refilled unless I asked for it to be refilled. I've worked in the hospitality industry since I was 15 and that's a big deal to me if I can't get my drink refilled. I didn't take any stars away for that only because I was the designated driver that night and my wife amd our 2 friends (other couple) were drinking martinis and wine and not once did they have to ask for another drink on their own. The server was VERY attentive to the bar drinks so I let the soda issue slide. Food was fantastic and desserts were good as well. We were staying at New York, New York and this place was WAY cheaper tham a strip restaurant of it's caliber. Although it wasn't cheap but you get more for your money here than you would on the strip which is why our friends insisted we meet them by their house out by Elements. All in all it was a good experience and I would recomend this place to people who are looking to go out and have a few cocktails with dinner!
4	Finally came here after almost a year of saying "Oooh, that place looks good. We should try them." with a groupon last week. Do you like Pokemon and Alcohol? I do. And that's why I like Elements. Their super extensive drink menu is sort of a mini-game of exploration. You'll find something you like, just by dint of the sheer variety, and they're willing to experiment for you, if you're willing to risk it. (I asked what drink used the bottle of Absolut Cilantro behind the bar, and they confessed they hadn't found one for it yet, but were open to suggestions). The staff didn't just leave me with the small tome, either; even the new guy was happy to talk drinks. Heck yes, thought I, this will be fun. It was.We weren't super hungry sat at the bar, and got 2 appetizers and a martini a-piece. The restaurant is small and intimate, and though they have a patio, it was the sort of Vegas windy that could toss a Prius, so we opted for inside, and shimmied up to the bar for a snack. We were greeted right away by who I believe was the owner, and the bartender, and given the option to order up, or take our time; they are aware how huge their drink menu is. Our bartender was really nervous, because it was his first day. So we reassured him that we, too, like normal humans, have had first days, and he and the owner offered to help us pick a drink or come back in a few.We opted to just try something, and set to arguing over apps. We are not Sweet Cocktail people, and one of the reasons we've never pulled the trigger on Elements was a fear of the 6 oz Chocolate GirlyTini syndrome. But Elements had something for us. I had something called a Glacial Ice, and my husband had a Beanie Baby. Both were herbal and cold and really well made. We enjoyed them immensely. Great job, First Day Bartender!They were out of the first appetizer we ordered, but the "runner up" was probably better anyway, and we had the Fire and Ice shrimp and scallops, and the Beef Tartare. I wanted to eat all the tartare by myself but I didn't because I am a good and loving wife. The shrimp and scallops...I thought was pretty decent, with the disclaimer that in general I do not like shrimp or scallops or any member of the "boingy" seafood family. My husband does; this was our compromise app. The spice was really nice; hot but flavorful, and the shrimp was actually pretty damn good for someone who doesn't usually like shrimp. I didn't like it as well as the tartare, but that was pretty much a given. My husband, who grew up in Daytona and has Strong Opinions About Seafood declared the shrimp excellent, the scallops "not bad", the sauce, gone. I saw another person had ordered the beef shortrib and really want to try that next time I'm back, which I definitely will be. This seems like the perfect place to take a group of hard-to please friends, especially girls.I am not very good at being a girl; I tend to prefer sidecars and whiskey and scotch to Flirtinis or Slushie Mangoritas. But I have lots of friends who love these things, which creates a problem when we want to get our mellow drink on; Either I'm miserable or they are. Now I can take them to Elements! They can have their chocolate Tia Maria Almond cocoa...whatever, and be overjoyed at it having found it, and I'm ordering the Green Fairy, or the Quattro-Tini, or the Roadrunner...next time I go.Can't wait to head back. Pros:- Alcoholic Pokemon- Good food, and folk and atmosphere. - Easy parking- Normal Human drink sizes. None of this Fishbowl BS.Cons:- Little bit on the pricy side for some items for a neighborhood joint; I'm not sure I could afford drinks AND dinner. Just dinner'd be a moderate price point, or just drinks and apps as we did would also be moderate. But I doubt I'll be trying dinner here unless someone else is buying, just because I'm coming here for drinks.
5	What a gem! I regularly drive by this place on my way to work and always say "I'm going to try it out". Well, I recently purchased a Groupon ($15 for $30) and decided to have dinner and drinks here with a friend.When we entered the restaurant, Liz greeted us enthusiastically and asked where we'd like to sit. There was about 8 other people in the restaurant, 6 at the bar and 2 at a table in the corner, we opted to sit at the bar.It's a tiny spot, but it had the right amount of space to get you involved with the other patrons and the bartender, who was awesome but I'll get to that later.Liz handed us the martini menu and boy was it extensive!  Over 550 ways to make a martini,  listed in alphabetical order and by what alcohol is used (Gin, Vodka or bourbon). It was so hard to decide but I opted for a Chocolate God (tasted like spicy cake, which sounds weird but it worked with my meal), and my dinner buddy opted to get their little 3 drink deal (Absolutely Ruby, Rising Sun, and Antifreeze (which was to die for).For dinner, I ordered the Lizs Penne a la vodka and my friend ordered the California Chicken. Both were made exceptionally well, with my pasta having just the right amount of vodka sauce and my friends veggies were crisp, the rice the perfect texture and the chicken crispy, but juicy.For dessert, we opted to share the creme brulee which wasn't too sweet and came with a nice side of fruit.Oh a side note, the martinis are on the strong side (or maybe I'm just a light drinker), because I ended up knocking over my glass and breaking it to which the bartender responded in a sing song voice: "blame it on the alcohol" and the room laughed.All in all it was a great first time experience. After the Groupon voucher, my bill came to about $42 and I gave the bartender a hearty tip. Will definitely be going back soon!
5	Very good food - Also try Brownstone Pinot Grigio - Great friendly service
5	We love this place!  Awesome martinis and amazing food.  Has a romantic atmosphere. Very friendly and attentive staff.  We had a Groupon and they happily honored it.
2	So hard to know what to say.  Incredible drink menu at not outrageous prices.   Food was a little pricey. Service was not stellar.  We ordered food and got only our appetizer.  When we commented about our food, the bartender said he forgot and offered a round on him. Great, otherwise I would have never come back.  However, I can only assume it was the owner, ripped the bartender a new one for giving us free drinks.  It was an hour before our food order was put in, a free round or something needed to be offered, in my opinion.  Literally for 15 minutes the bartender was chewed out.  It made us very uncomfortable. Food was pretty good, but definitely could have been better. Not sure we'll return.
1	Unfortunately, this went from bad to worse!  I purchased a Groupon for this restaurant and made a reservation for last Sat night.  We entered the tiny restaurant in which the bar takes up most of it, which is an initial turn off for someone who doesn't drink or like a loud bar atmosphere. We were seated in a tiny table for two next to a large group.  I ordered Liz's Penne Ala Vodka and my husband ordered the flank steak with Chimichurri Sauce.  Our food arrived and I took one bite of mine and sent it back immediately.  I could easily see that the chicken was BURNED in it and the dish tasted as though someone had thrown a lit cigarette into it, YUCK!  The manager came over with a menu and apologized but told me that they use smoked chicken in the dish....I asked if they always BURN smoked chicken as well then?  My husband took a bite of his dish and sent it back.  It was entirely a salt feast and there is NO WAY that was Chimichurri Sauce!  (I am from FL where we have good Chim Sauce, this stuff was SOY based!!!!) We both reviewed the menu to try to select other options when the "DJ" a young girl, starts playing VERY loud rap music. No offsense about rap music, I enjoy all types of music, but did I mention this place is TINY and she is BLASTING it right next to us??  We finally flagged the manager over and asked if we may just cancel our dinner as we prefer to go elsewhere as this was not working for us.  He handled it very well so I give kudos for that and left.....went to Gordon Biersch and had a great dinner!  Sorry, I see a lot of people like this place, I just don't understand WHY!  The food was HORRIBLE at best.  The chef should be fired.  I have a Groupon available if someone wants it for this place.............
5	Love the atmosphere, Very friendly staff, prompt service, Great Food! We made some special requests for items & they were more than willing to deliver just as we asked for. We leave with a full belly and a smile on our face. We will be back!
2	The food was excellent. The service subpar. Went in on Mother's Day with 2 friends. We had reservations that they weren't able to find but was seated within 5 min nonetheless. The person who seated us took our drink orders, but we never got drinks. 20 min goes by before our server comes to our table to take our drink orders. After waiting what seemed like an eternity, we were finally able to order. 2 of us ordered burgers, one medium the other medium rare. The server initially was going to give us the right burgers, but after second guessing, mixed up our burgers. When the bill came, we were charged incorrectly. The server claimed to only work nights, but even though we were having brunch, charged us dinner prices. To the restaurant's credit, the owner from the commercial, came to our table to amends by offering us chocolate martinis, but after spending 1.5 hours there, it was time to go. Despite the great food and excellent bloody Marys, I can't say I'll return.
2	I have eaten here before it was pretty good but after watching the owner be a jacka$$ on Hungry investors I won't return ever. You don't ask someone for help then think your a god and treat them like crap when they are trying to invest.
5	A great little locals spot and if you are in from out of town and want something away from the strip with all the quality but without the hassle, This is it! Great happy hour and the staff and owners are marvelous. They just changed owners, so look for some great new things on the horizon!
1	Wow...this place is just sad.  Sad that the owner is such a scum bag over the top wanna be "wise guy" that he won't allow this place to ever be successful .. Anyone see him on TV ? It was great to see successful smart chef and entrepreneurs put him in his place.  If you haven't seen it I highly suggest watching it on YouTube so you know what you're getting yourself into .  its funny I had high hopes and dreams for that place only to have them destroyed by Paul f.  Sad to know he's using restaurant income to pay his house bills .. Let's hope the IRS never comes to eat .        All I can say now is I'm glad I no longer am involved in giving that man my time and money.  I've grown up and it feels great .  I heard the place next door does great back waxes..
5	Visiting a family member a Spring Valley Hospital. Nice place, food is above average and price is fair. There is a welcome feeling, just what we needed tonight.
5	Sunday brunch is great. $10 Bloody Mary's !  Today made with bartender's special hot pepper vodka. AWESOME! And did I mention the music. Check it out. One of our favorite secret spots.
5	I just had brunch at Elements for the first time and my wife and I were blown away.  Food was outrageous, live music and unending Bloody Mary's ,  give me a break.Thank you Elements, what a great day.
1	HORRIBLE service yet again in a local, Vegas neighbirhood, place. Now mind you, living in the neighborhood, this is a regular place we have been going to for a long, long time. Sorry to say, Elements in Spring Valley on Rainbow, the other night your service was simply awful. The restaurant had just opened at 4. We were there for happy hour. There was no one there yet except myself and our friends. New manager ( i think) a complete meanie and just rude. When we came in , he abruptly snapped at us & said we couldnt sit at a certain place at the bar because a "regular" might come in.  At first, i thought he was joking. But he was not. REALLY??!! He made us feel unwanted and uncomfortable. Good job, fool. Is all i thought. What a horrible first impression this guy made!  WOW.  But we thought it was an oversight on his part and decided to stay anyway. Funny. The "regular" did come in, ordered one drink and left. But then, the clueless bartender never offered us a second round to our party and we were ready and wanting to eat & drink more. Oh, and the waitress roaming around the bar and restaurant??!!! Clueless. Knock knock...anyone home? Basically, we ordered one round of drinks, some apps ( food was awful), finished one drink each, and we sat, and sat and yes, sat, to not be offered another round because the three employees were just plain clueless to taking care of customers. We paid our bill and happily went else where. Keep in mind this is a little shabby place in a strip mall and certainly needs to maintain business or it will die.  When the old owners left, Elements went down the drain. There are a milllion places in Vegas so much better.  Service must be stellar or why bother. Plus...there was a weird moldy smell at the bar area........yuck. Some advice, & from the bad reviews here since new owners have taken over,  you NEED some advice!   TAKE A LESSON or CLASSES  IN HOW TO PROVIDE excellent customer service, bring back the high quality food like the previous owners served, and maybe, just maybe, youll make it. But if this is how you run your show, youll be closed and soon. 500 martini offerings in a dump, with rude service, is meaningless. Your bad business accumen outweighs the silly martini promo. Steer clear from this place. Not worth it.
5	Lovely little joint to stop in for a snack and a nightcap.  Kevin made me a Godiva chocolate martini that rocked!  Please try the pig and fig pizza.  It's a fantastic and tasty treat.  The service is friendly and accommodating.  Can't understand why anyone would say otherwise unless they walked in with one of those entitled attitudes we see so much of today.  Try it for yourself.  All in all, delicious!
2	Elements is a place that has me kinda confused with it's identity. Once inside you see the bar/lounge. It's comfy to kinda tight spaced. Immediately to the left the dining area appears like a fine dining restaurant. White tablecloths, wine glasses on the tables. But on the tabletops are brown wrapping paper. If you don't have a budget to change and clean white table clothes either top them with glass or better yet just get rid of them. Also devoid of any condiments like salt and pepper. Just an unlit candle holder. Only 2 tables served during my visit but it's a holiday and I like less distractions... the design of the place makes any bar talk audible throughout the place; also sounds from the kitchen. The server was a one woman show and very good at menu description, attentiveness and personality. The menu has some nice appetizers on it including scallops and calamari but i try to keep to a budget of $25 for 1 person. I ordered the day's soup which was Cream of Broccoli Asparagus. The server warned me it didn't have chunks as she liked it and she was right; it was a puree, sadly. Good taste and consistency but deserved more. For an entree I chose the Elements Jambalaya dish. It was good but at $19 it should stand out. The portion was fine, there were enough shrimp but they are med. sized; They should use fewer but jumbo sized to make it look impressive. It has grilled chicken and that was great... but it also said to have sausage and I found none in the dish. The rice and sauce mixture seemed sort of off. something about the rice. I like long grain and some wild rice mixed in but this was closer to a risotto. Not the "dirty rice" on the menu. At $12 more this dish should not lose out to a Popeye's. It was only one visit, I'll give it another try before I form a solid opinion but I'd make some changes to the place. 1. Ditch the table clothes and wine glasses on tables. Go with nice placemats on wood, maybe with pictures of the feature dishes to build expectations. 2. Get rid of that dividing half wall between  the dining and bar. Makes the place look more open and serves no function. The bar has a good vibe while the dining looks "snooty".3. Re evaluate the dishes, price point and their look. The place wasn't slammed, you had the time to impress and you didn't.
5	I love this restaurant!! It is perfect and amazing!!! Client service, food, and ambience were all on point. My friend and I went here on a weekday to give this place a try.. we are so blown away at how we've been missing out.Let me just say this, the martini selection is out of this world! We tried the black and white, antioxidant, and strawberry shortcake martini, and it was very good. Everything we had was fresh and seasoned   to perfection. I so love this place! Definitely my new favorite spot and will come back!!
2	I've been to Elements a couple of times in the last few years and really wanted to like it because I live nearby. Unfortunately, my boyfriend and I decided upon leaving last night that we won't be back. Here's why:1. Their wine pours are incredibly weak.2. I haven't ever been super impressed with the food.    - The nacho cheese is the liquid cheese like at a stadium.    - Lamb burger was dry and not very flavorful.With that said, I've always had good service there.
5	GREAT food, GREAT drinks, and GREAT service. And NEW OWNERS! The Food: I had the pasta with meat sauce and their sauce is to die for! I was afraid my meal was going to be a plain choice, but I was beyond impressed. My boyfriend and father had the 6oz steak and they both loved their meals. The Drinks: They have a giant list of martinis!! So far, my favorites were the Four Leaf Clover and the Anti-Oxidant. Their happy hour is very good. All martinis are $5 and draft beers are 3.50! The Service: The waitress was very friendly, very attentive, and helpful in making food/drink choices. All of the staff I encountered was nice. I would 100% recommend this place to everyone!
1	Small portion for the price. Must re-evaluate menu. Order lamb chops for $ 23 received 2 small chops it was an appetizer portion . Are u kidding. Short ribs had 2 small pieces price $ 26 really $ 4.99 a pound had less then 1/4 pound. Cod order couldn't see it. Take note cause the food taste good, way too expensive for nothing.  Wake up. Will not come back and will let everyone know. I told the waitress and the chef nor the manager game out to inquire. So sad.
5	Wow did we have an excellent meal and exceptional service. Though I loved the previous owners, the restaurant has lost nothing in the transition. Mimi was amazing and guided us through the menu and the cocktail menu which is massive. She is a doll! Also live music was playing. A touch that I feel is indispensable to a great Vegas vibe. Awesome experience!
2	4.2 stars for food and service, a great on-site experience, but we won't come back. The deal breaker came a few days after the visit - they lost a pair of customers by charging $0.76 more on the tip.We always round up the tip, like if a bill comes out as $48 and we want to pay 20%, we just pay $58 instead of $57.6 - but when we're charged $58.6 it's a red flag. We have this rigorous rule that once we see it, we'll never return to the restaurant.It's easy to spot because all of our restaurant charges on a credit card statement have a nice round numbers, usually includes at most two significant digits. (e.g. 58 or 350 or 1200)I'm sorry, your food is great and we want to return, but we can't.
5	Superior quality, superior food, superior ambience. As the ownership has changed through the years, so has the menu. And the drink list has been complemented by some of my own original creations (Proud Orange, Frothy Apple, The Dancer, Katie's Citrus Kick, Kayleeburst, and the best of all: Man O' Th' World).  I will forever cherish my experiences at Elements and return as often as I can. This is a perfect place to enjoy happy hour ( 5-7pm everyday, even Martini Mondays $5 any martini) and Sunday Brunch.You will enjoy this unique, intimate, satisfying venue.
2	My wife and I have been coming for years when we are in town.  We look forward for the good food and the service.  Unfortunately, we had dinner two nights before New Years Eve, that was very disappointing, The bar was full, but their was only one other couple eating dinner. We noticed right away that the management had changed for the third time since we started coming here.  The menu looked different, and I had my heart set on some seafood.  Prior to ordering our food, they brought us some thin crisps with one pat of butter, which in the past, would bring some wonderful assortment of breads?  I asked about this and the waitress stated they were out of bread?I started to give my order for Sea Bass, but she stated that they did not have any Bass, Salmon or Duck tonight.  I jokingly asked her if I should come back tomorrow, she did not respond?I ended up having Chicken Marsala, which I did not really want or care for the taste.Looking back, I should have just excused ourselves and come back when they had the proper amount of food supplies.Reflection on new management?
2	I read somewhere that Alex Stratta was involved with Elements since new ownership took over. But, according to our server he doesn't have anything to do with the place. That's a smart move on his part because our meal here was a disaster. We dined here on New Years Eve. A prix fixe menu was available as was their regular menu -- changed and pared down greatly from the previous regime according to others who've dined here before.The calimari was undercooked with the breading limp and chewy. The short rib wasn't bad -- easily the highlight of the meal -- but the reduction had a slightly sweet taste that muddled what would have been a solid savory profile. The penne a la vodka was incredibly bland with very little chicken, no basil, and a sauce no better than that from a can. It was so bad that my wife took one or two bites and pushed it away. We told our server how bad it was and he was gracious enough to take it off our bill. The meal was such a disappointment that we called another restaurant to order takeout while we waited for our bill. It was an unfortunate end to an otherwise great year of eating out.
3	I am very torn as to giving them a 3 or 4 stars.......Service was 5 star, excellent, some the best in the city!!!However, service doesn't fill my tummy and that isn't what I do my reviews on... I think quality of food is priority!It's a restaurant.... and I am coming for the food.Food: Calamari... YES!!!! Delicous... Love it.... a must!!!My husband went to Elements specifically for the Duck.. we saw it on Yelp and was excited to try... They no longer offer it!!!!!He got the bone in ribeye... it was good... but there are sooooooo many good steak houses in Vegas... he really did just "settle"I saw the Pappardelle Bolognese on Yelp and was excited to try..... guess what....They no loner offer it!!!! UghWhat a disappointment, I ordered the spaghetti bolognese instead... it was good... but dang we were just so disappointed with not getting what we went in looking for.Again service was beyond impeccable! They gave us a complimentary berry cheesecake which was delicious!!
