5	Great Gift Shop/Art Gallery!  Whenever I'm in NoDa I always visit!  Very friendly staff, very cool Art, Clothes Accessories and Jewelry! This is another place I take anyone when visiting NoDa!
4	Such a lovely store! If you seek any type of gifty item or just a little something for yourself, Ruby's Gift is a great stop. It's a delightful smorgasbord of goodies - locally made jewelry, paintings, a smattering of kids items, photos, candles and more. This is one of those stores that I'd end up spending a lot of time (and money) just walking about checking out the merchandise. I really appreciate that Ruby's features a large number of Charlotte based artists. Some of my favorite items include Murphy jewelry and the awesome leather cuffs near the back. There was one with a watch built into the cuff - incredibly cool. Price points range pretty vastly, so you're sure to find something in your budget. Another great stop on the NoDa shop crawl!
4	A truly adorable shop! The staff here was very friendly and they have a ton to look at so take your time ! This is the place to go if you're looking for unique gifts. They have everything from handmade candles to monkey sock hats (yes even those!) Prices are a bit higher but you pay for the craftsmanship not for mass production.
4	A great place to go when you want something special but aren't sure what it is! Ruby's supports all local artists, and each display has a bit of a backstory. It's magical, a bit like going down the rabbit hole, in a good way. They're always discovering a new leatherworker with a gift for color, or a designer with dark, lovely pieces. Another great thing about Ruby's is they regularly host artist talks and mini-classes, for free. Just another way they show support for the community. They don't just talk the talk. Love them.
4	Ruby's Gift is a nice little shop.  There's not a ton of stuff there and we never seem to leave with anything but it's a neat little place.  I always enjoy browsing the art in the back of the shop!
4	This is a nice little store and worth your time to visit and revisit especially during gift-giving season.  It's like a jumble sale made up entirely of items from local artists, with prices ranging from reasonable for a little gift up to "whoa, never mind". It definitely takes a little time to walk in here and let your eyeballs adjust to pick out what's cool, and it's a bit unpredictable. It got me out of a rut of giving the same kind of gift all the time. I like the aspect of shopping local, too, and being able to pick up something that is not the same as what you'd find in any other town.
5	Awesome little shop featuring over 100 local artists.  Support local small business' and stop on here next time you need a gift.  There is something for everyone in all price points.  Love the switch plates!!
5	Great source for very unique & artistic gift items.
5	Nice to see local art for sale in a calm atmosphere with a pleasant energy. Staff is pleasant and helpful. Will def shop here again ::)
5	I appreciate places that feature local artists and their work.  Ruby's did a great job of highlighting each of the artists work, style, and pricing seemed fair.  I only had about 20 minutes to look around, but in that time I picked up a few great pieces for my wife (who loved the jewelry) and had a lovely conversation with the lady behind the counter.  The gift wrapping was beautiful and overall this was a solid 5-star experience for me.
