3	Barclay's Bank branch at the corner of Frederick and George Streets. Quite possibly the most exposed ATM I can ever remember. At least the ones in the States have a little mirror above so you can see what's going on behind you. Nope, this one is right on the corner with a busy roundabout (and a statue of Pitt) looking over your shoulder. Awkward!
2	Rude and unhelpful staff.
4	Not to be bias as this is my bank but I think its a really good one. First off, the staff is always sooo nice. They are always helpful and friendly and say " Good morning" or " How are you" when they dont really have to . They are alway patient with my questions when they dont have to be. Generally just exceptional service. This company was the first one to give me a bank account knowing I was a student, and also helped me build up credit. There are no hidden fees that I know of and I am happy bringing my business there. This is like the Gringotts Bank in Harry Potter except no goblins but still the best in my book!
4	being one of only two branches of Barclays Bank in the entire city of edinburgh, i have to say for some reason i prefer this one.  it's got a convenient location about 2 minutes walk from the bus stop on my way home from or when i head into town, the staff are always friendly and helpful, and there is generally never a queue.  even when there is a queue though it moves along swiftly so i'm never waiting long.  in addition to the usual cash machine and deposit point, they also have a machine for checking your bank statements and printing off copies if needed.  this means that if all you're looking for is a quick bank statement you can print it without getting into the queue and having to wait.i can only really find two drawbanks to this branch.  the first being it's opening hours, 9am-5pm monday to friday and shut on saturday.  quite frustrating when you work out of town and have to try to get to the bank on a week day.  on the weekend i do visit the other branch as i have no choice though.  the other drawbank is that this bank isn't set up to buy foreign currency.  apparently you can order it in, but they don't keep it on the premises normally.  which is a bit odd as their other branch is only three blocks away and they do keep foreign cash on premises so no need to order it...overall though, i've found this branch of barclays convenient and helpful, i just wish they would be open another half hour so i wouldn't have to rush into town from work!!
