5	I think Roots is much better than the Gap - better quality (their stuff will last for ages), and a bit more sports focused in general. The prices aren't too bad, especially if you hit their sales or their outlet locations. I've always appreciated Roots because they don't use outlandish colors, even when they're "in season" - which is good for me because I like to blend in. But they're not too bland - just nice lookin' stuff.
1	If you've ever wondered why Canadians dress so badly, the answer is simple: Roots. Roots clothing is much like the way Americans perceive Canadians: boring and inoffensive. Thankfully, here in Quebec, people are more stylish and dress far better than their Anglo Canadian counterparts and you don't see many people in Montreal (besides McGill students) wearing Roots clothing. In fact, Roots may be reason enough to argue for Quebec separation if only to keep out the ugly sweatpants and stultifyingly generic preppy wear.
4	ok, not reviewing the clothes, i agree, they are not great.  But the purses and bags are so great.  I found myself trying to not spend too much money, but last time i bought a purse here (2.5 years ago), i used it every day for the next 2.5 years.  So it was totally worth it.
3	Eh, sorry, I just can't bring myself to wear a giant sweatshirt with a beaver on it. The store is clean and arranged nicely, however and the salespeople were friendly. I wanted to check this place out because it was uniquely Canadian. However, as someone said below, the look is very Gap/Abercrombie and I didn't see much that was that different. Moreover, I prefer the more Quebec/ European style that reserves sweatshirts and sweatpants for the gym. Thanks, but no.
1	Had an item placed on hold on a Friday evening. Received a call that night at 9:30 pm while at dinner basically telling me they sold the item to another customer as ordered by the manager. Will never do business with this company.
4	I've picked up a few great clothing pieces over the years but it's been very sporadic. I love their sweatshirts - the quality is pretty good. They also have shorts, dresses, T-shirts, pants etc. but I find that a lot of it is over-priced for the quality you're getting. It's worth going when they have a sale going on and if you're looking for super casual gear to wear around town or a the gym.  What I will rave about, are their leather goods. They make a variety of different bags from village bags, to backpacks and wallets. The quality is amazing, the leather is gorgeous and most items come in awesome colors. It's true that the bags are expensive, but if you keep an eye out in April and November, they always have a 25% off sale that runs for a weekend. I've picked up a few bags there, all on sale. I've had them for years and they're in fantastic shape. People stop me at the grocery store to compliment me on one bag, in particular LOL!  Definitely a cool gift to bring back home if you're a tourist, as I don't think you can buy Roots leather goods anywhere else.
3	Since there are no half-stars, I had to give it a 3-star as opposed a 4-star.  I feel that although it is better than Gap or A&F, it still is quite bland.  However, their saving grace is the fact that they show their Canadian pride with that emblazoned maple leaf (HAIL CANADA!!!!)!!.  The service is better than their product, and the employees got a great laugh when I told them thank you for keeping a great effort with my business (my last name if you do not know is Root)!!!!!!
2	while having decent and somewhat stylish selection, their quality took a nosedive through the years while still asking for a premium price. my toque, which is not even made with wool, is pulling like a madman!their clothes used to be made with care and quality textile. the sweatpants were a lot thicker, toques were made with wool as well as the mittens. not so anymore. it's now made with imitation wool like textile which while cheaper affects the quality of the clothes.they still have quality garments though, their leather section: bags and jackets. it's the only saving grace for what was once a great canadian store.
