3	Six guys without reservations on Cinco de Mayo FIght weekend looking for a good meal found this place pretty empty at around 7.30pm.  three of us joined up late and our waiter promptly took our drink orders and promptly forgot them.  after our drinks showed, we ordered the baked brie for around $11 and the crabcakes $9 i think.  the waiter was very pushy insisting that we orer multiples of every appetizer.  we ordered more beer.  my friend was so pissed that his was taking so long to show that he ordered two beers at once to make sure he would get at least one.  the filet mignon at $23 was reasonable but i asked for mine memdiim rare, and not a drop of blood came out of it.  the asparagus was cooked well, all six sprigs of it, and the mashed potatoes that were squeezed out of a pastry bag looked pretty but were too dry and lacked seasoning.  overall a bargain, but definitely felt like i was paying less for less, but then again, everything else was stocked, so it was better than starving.  we left and headed straight over to the SPEED ride to give our stomachs some excitement.
3	This place is a bit of a find given it's location at the Sahara. While it does have that old school steakhouse feel, the food is actually not bad. I probably wouldn't go out of my way for a repeat visit (this was our friend's choice), but if you're staying at the Sahara it's probably worth a visit.I opted for the sea bass since I was still in a bit of a meat-induced coma from our previous evening, and I was pleasantly surprised. My lobster bisque was cold, however, and the sides were nothing special. Service was rather mediocre.
3	Okay if you are comped or staying at the Sahara but would not go out of my way again.Because I had some comps building up I used some of them for dinner here.  The Sahara is not the most kept up casino and this steakhouse reflects this.  The waiting area has a small fountain and a high ceiling.  The room itself has kind of a mid-east decor that was okay looking but obviously dated.The greeter had a pleasant English accent and seated us after a minute wait during a peak dining hour during the week.  The service after that was pretty good but the restaurant was less than half full so service could have been better.  They bring out a bread basket that only has crusty sour dough rolls.  Even the Broiler at Palace Station had at least 2 types of bread.We both had steaks, a large filet mignon and my 20 oz. ribeye.  Both were cooked precisely and were pretty good although I could tell they were wet aged.  Wet aged is okay.  Dry aged rules!Her steak was fairly tender but not that great in flavor which is typical for the filet mignons in general.  I can't give or take points away for this.  The ribeye was fairly good but not outstanding.  Marbling was perhaps a bit above average but I prefer more of a char on the outside.Anyway, in addition to the steaks we had the fingerling hash, mushrooms and creamed spinach.  Mushrooms were listed as a sauce but they were more like a side dish.  The creamed spinach was one of the worst we've ever had at any steakhouse.  Bland and plain.  The potato, leek and pancetta hash was pretty good. Mushrooms were a split vote.  I thought it came out too sweet but my girlfriend thought that they were an exceptional value.  They were $3 for a good sized helping that included morels which are normally quite expensive.  If you are a morel lover and hate spending money for them, this is a major steal.  I didn't think the sauce tasted very good.We didn't get any dessert or coffee because we wanted to leave fairly quickly.  The atomosphere is not bad but nothing to deliberately linger for.Without comps we would not eat here again but once my total gets too big I have to use them up and there is nothing in the gift shop or elsewhere that I would go in the Sahara.  Maybe I should concentrate my play more instead of rambling all over town.
4	I love this place.  I went there for the second time on my last trip to Vegas, and while my love affair for the Sahara has come to an end, my love for the House of Lords is just beggining.OK, first off, T-bone steak, mashed potatoes, green beans, a friggin' schooner of really nice cabernet (their wine glasses are huge and they poor big), and a heavenly desert involving chocolate and peanut butter.... $67 and that's WITH a 20% tip.  There simply is no room for complaint in that.OK, so some of the other reviewers didn't care for the wait staff.  I'll tell you what... this place is in the friggin' Sahara man.  Most of those waiters have been there for 20+ years and they know that the Sahara is aching for a wrecking ball.  You go in there with an attitude and I could totally see the dining experience head south quick.  If, on the other hand, you are pleasant and gregarious like I am, I can damn near guarantee you will have a wonderful experience and a piece of meat that would normally cost you $80-90 a head or more.My waiter was a cool guy who had been there 20 years.  Since the place was slow (it was Wednesday night) and I was alone at a convention he took the time to chat for a while.  Little friendliness on my part scored great service and a free "topping off" of the old wine glass.I reccomend this place whole heartedly.
4	Ok, I know what you're thinking.  A Steakhouse in the run down Sahara hotel, It cant be that good.  Well, you will be surprised.  I know the decor is rather old.  The ambiance is nothing spectacular, but their NY Peppercorn strip steak is the best NY Steak I've ever had in my life.  And I've been to a lot of steakhouses, ranging from Austins (in Vegas) Donovans (SD), Mastros (OC), Flemmings, etc.The prices are very reasonable and the staff is friendly.  I recommend this place for its flavorful steaks and decent prices.
4	I ate dinner here on my recent trip to LV. I had the Peppercorn steak with the yukon mashed potatoes. The steak was cooked just right and the mashed potatoes were incredibly tasty!
2	I ate here using comp dollars from playing at the casino and was not impressed.The food is average at best. Calling it a steakhouse is a real stretch. My friend's steak was not served at the requested temperature and my fish was inedible. If I had been paying for the mean I would have been very unhappy.The decor is old and tatty and the place needs some TLC.The service was average.The one good point was a moderately priced wine list.
3	The inside of this place was good. The free dessert sucked. The steak had no seasoning, and they were out of iceberg lettuce salad and prime rib. Maybe this deserves a two star rating.
3	I had a great meal here at the "House of Lords."  It seems that they are trying to change the name to "Steakhouse at Sahara," and I approve since House of Lords sounds like either a slot machine, or a gay nightclub (NTTAWWT).  I had a great NY peppercorn steak with some good asparagus (my fave) and some garlicy potato thing (not so hot).  My buddy had the Top Sirloin and a baked potato.On the down side, It was only 7pm and they had run out of Prime Rib (they open at 5:30) and I can only imagine that they don't see a lot of traffic so WTF?Still, if you are staying at the Sahara (as this cheap bastard was) and you want a good steak this is a safe bet.
5	After our terrible stay at the "Riv", we really wanted a good meal...and not a crap buffet. We ended up just walking down to the Sahara, and saw the sign for the House of Lords. This was the best dinner I have had in a very long time.  Darryl Clark the Maitre'd was superb! Great Service! The Meal was a choice of appetizer, salad, main entree, and dessert.We also got to add a bottle of wine for only $18. The whole was cooked perfectly and was wonderful. total bill less than $100! I had the calamari, mixed greens with walnuts, top sirloin, and creme brulee. Yum! Yum! Very Romantic setting, very dim and darkly lit, quiet.
5	I started out dinner with a mandarin vodka & cranberry juice, served with my Estate Greens salad that I'll cover below. What a great pairing! 15oz bone-in Rib-Eye with shrimp scampi & Yukon gold mashed potatoes for dinner, a huge portion and cooked to order.The Estate Greens salad included candied walnuts, champagne vinaigrette, fresh raspberries and gorgonzola cheese. Perfectly fresh with just the right amount of champagne vinaigrette, because sometimes chefs over do it on the sauce. Thanks to the Sahara for providing this excellent dinner.Dessert consisted of a large portioned New York Cheesecake with a raspberry & cream sauce and a few pieces of fruit. The Chersecake could have been slightly warmer, not so cold. After all of this food I felt great, but then something weird happened. A lady walked through the entire restaurant thanking each person. I asked the waiter after she finished what the deal was. Apparently, someone paid her tab but told his waiter not to tell her who it was.Great overall service from the Captain Waiter, to my waiter & finally the chef. He came out to quickly chat about the main course. When I return, I'm going to try a different dessert to compare.
1	DO NOT GO HERE!The soup is salty,salad tasted like vomit , ham w/sauce ruined it,turkey was extra dry,no flavor,roasted duck  over-cooked, instant mash potatoes runny , no dress code -you can go ghetto style... hell ,maybe homeless too.NEVER AGAIN!!!
3	The fanciest restaurant in Sahara. Not a bad steak house, has dinner specials once in a while. Your best bet is to go sign up with the Sahara club card so you pay the Sahara Club prices when you eat there. The prime rib is the cheapest... Not bad but not great. You get a better steak at Ellis Island for less. Anyways I've eaten there twice and I have to say the lobster is tempting but the crab legs are better. They serve a healthy portion of food so if you aren't that hungry split a side with whoever you are eating with. Funny note, the water is delicious. You're thinking what?! Its reverse osmosis water and its seriously refreshing even without ice. You can ask the waiters about it too, we did. Oh and the dinner rolls are a hit or miss. Sometimes it's soft and good, but other times it's hard within secs out of the warmer and like captain crunch in your mouth.I would go back... Again... After playing some Pai Gao and getting some comp money on my card to help pay for the meal.
1	From September 2010 visit:Decided to dine here spontaneously after the boyfriend won a bunch of money in the casino. There was a short wait since we didn't have reservations. Once we sat down it took a long while to be greeted. By the time someone came around, we prompted him with questions and were over-eager and excited to start ordering. He told us he wasn't our server. Hmmm ok.Thanks. So by the time our actual server around, we were sooooo ready to order. We all wanted the prime rib. That's what they're known for us course. They were out. Not only were they out, they were rude about it. Like we were supposed to know. Well, if the host had told us or maybe we would have known. Or if they server told us before taking our order, maybe we would have known. Whatever. We got the stuffed mushroom. Disgusting. Didn't know you could mess such a thing up. It was a hard ball of fried grease. Who fries a stuffed mushroom? The rest of our meal wasn't memorable. We spent a lot of money and expected more out of this restaurant. I wouldn't go back. Sad because we enjoyed our stay in the hotel...
5	The bartender at the Sahara recommended House of the Lords but my buddy wanted to eat at the Encore that night so we went there instead and had a very expensive average meal. My buddy left the next day so l went back by myself the next day. I ordered the prime rib and it was by far the best l have ever had. I hope that l will be back before the Sahara closes to take my wife so she can let me know if l ever come close to perfection cooking our Thanksgiving and Christmas Primes Ribs. Oh by the way my 16 oz cut was more like 22 oz and with the best baked potato lve had in a long time the bill came to 28.11. Thank you to the bartender for the great recommendation.
5	Service, service, service.You would think that the staff would be "over it" with the Sahara set to close in a few days, but the people there were some of the most helpful, friendly, conscientious people that I've dealt with in a long time.The missus and I decided that if we're ever going to try this place, now's the time.  Having opened in the 1960's, this place was like something from a different era.  It's amazing how many people confuse "old" with "run down".  I thought this place was nice.  Not overly fancy, but it had tons of personality, and seeing all the pictures from the near 60 years of Sahara's history really brought home how much this place has seen.The food was good.  The missus' steak was a little more flavorful than mine, but mine was no slouch, as were the mashed potatoes.  They were out of a LOT of stuff at this point, but I guess it doesn't make much sense to reorder foodstuffs anymore.  At least they were apologetic about it.  We ate until full, and brought the rest home.Upon walking in, the host shook our hands and greeted us warmly.  Our waiter had been there for 25 years, and was sorry to see the place go.  As we paid the check, both our waiter and host came back to shake our hands and thank us for coming in to dine with them.  Admittedly, I felt a little bit of a lump in my throat and wished them good luck with everything. While sorry that I never tried this earlier, I'm glad that I at least got to experience this place once.  The food was solid, the decor was unique and unlike what you'll find in most steakhouses, but the staff made the difference.  As I said, at this point, I suppose it really wouldn't matter to give a five-star experience anymore, but they did regardless, and I left in a good mood with a full belly.Fare thee well, House of Lords....
