4	Clean, bright, seat-yourself dining room. The good -- Well-done ribs. Delish hot cornbread. And cole slaw that was crisp and fresh, with a decent sweet-tangy sauce.The bad -- Soggy bun on the pulled pork sandwich.The ugly -- Pulled pork that tasted like soot or something got into the meat! It only happened once, but it was very unappetizing!
3	Maybe I'm more of a small town or country village barbecue kind of person. Big City BBQ was okay.  The candied yams had two good chunks of yam and then some lackluster mush.  The fried okra was hard chunks of okra nugget rather than the more lightly breaded fried okra I would have preferred.  Neither the pork ribs nor the beef brisket were anything to write home about.However, the homemade sweet potato pie was absolutely excellent, and I expect I'll go back just for that.
5	The pulled pork here is very tender.  I usually have the two meat special with the brisket, pulled pork, fried okra and mac & cheese.  The decor is clean and the service is very friendly.  We used to eat there on Sundays because 1) it's one of a handful of restaurants actually opened on the day of the lord and 2) nothing better than taking long naps on a belly full of barbecue.  Top off your meal with the sugar biscuits, which are 100% times better than doughnuts.  They remind me of Hawaiian malasadas, which you definitely can't get anywhere in Arizona.  Don't even bother coming to this great meateaters spot if you are a vegetarian or a calorie watcher!
3	Based on what I was reading here earlier today, I drove 8 miles over to Mesa from Ahwatukee to have some 'que.  I had a half rack with the hot barbecue sauce, two sides: baked bean and candied sweet potatoes, cornbread and a slice of sweet potato pie.The ribs and the hot 'que sauce were both nicely done and delicious.  The baked beans were boring and the candied sweet potatoes didn't come close to the tons of them ate growing up.  BTW candied does not mean bath them in enough sugar to put you into a coma. Neither did the corn muffin. it was just sad.  Is it even possible to find a piece of cornbread anymore that doesn't have sugar in it?  Corn bread is suppose to taste like corn, not sugar.  I thought I'd have some sweet potato pie for dessert.  Big mistake.  I had to bites of the sweet potato pie, which looked more yellow than orange and left the rest on the table. I don't think I'd go back.  I was hoping I had found a new place to meet my 'que and soul food needs once a month or so...but this ain't it for me..
4	I've been to Big City twice. I've always been happy with the BBQ i've received-ribs and pulled pork. The sides were good, but not great. I haven't had them, but I understand the sugar biscuit desserts are great. I will need to try them next time.Place is clean and ample parking. Staff is friendly.I will go back to Big City.
