5	I attended a class at Scottsdale Art School and was fabulously happy with not only the class but the staff as well. The school has a warm friendly atmosphere that makes you want to come back.  It was a great experience and I absolutely would like to return for more classes.
5	Scottsdale Artist's School is a great place for a workshop. It was an elementary school at one time and still has an interesting traditional quality with beautiful tile floors, generously sized classrooms, a lovely patio, and a professional staff.The school brings notable artists from all over and students also come from everywhere.The Friends of the School organization gave a reception on Thursday with bountiful food & wine. That night there was a gallery walk in Old Town.I enjoyed my week there. Scottsdale itself doesn't have great appeal though there wasn't time to explore much and that is just as well.
1	If you would  like for someone be disrespectful to you especially when give helpful advice or please attend class here. The staff feels they own this non profit and disrespect you with little apologies or consideration. They do not even return emails in a dispute. They respect depth of your pocket book giving little in return. The charges high premium for class so you can learn with famous artist from another state. However complain they have no money up date an obsolete system, but flying artist from NY, Chicago and elect is ok.  You don't receive much knowledge or support except you painted with this well know artist. Does that not sound like it helping local artist or non profit. My favorite part is hiring an education director 2013 without a college education or little knowledge of the arts. For as many art education majors out there it is miss directed use of funds not supportive to arts in any way.  This school has no courtesy or  loyalty to students,  educator been there for years. You would expect that for price they ask. As a Connoisseur of 5 star establishment, gallery's  and assisting in many non-profits the school fails on all accord. But you got to paint with so in so that all you can say.
5	Love this internationally known art school.  Whether you are a art workshop junkie or enjoy the open studios, this is an amazing place to learn or improve your skill.  The staff is super helpful.  Due to my work schedule, I have only taken one workshop from one of the famous instructors (although I regularly droll through the online offerings) but drive down to Scottsdale for the evening or Saturday open studios.  Pay $10 for hours of a variety of models in short & long poses.  The school has decades of great reputation for a reason.
