3	I am mixed about this one.  This is a chain that began in Utah right where I used to work.  I would go there for lunch all the time.  Their salads and sandwiches are WONDERFUL!  Everything is homemade and you could call in ahead of time and it was ready for you.I was so excited when this one opened here.  My husband's MBA program had an event that they catered, and the food was not up to normal par.  They did a BBQ and the meat was dried out, buns seemed stale, the sides did not have much flavor.  If I did not have my previous experience with them in Utah, I would have written them off.  So as a place for lunch- I think they are GREAT.  As a catering company I am not so sure yet.  I would need to go to another event to see.
5	Imagine this: You're stuck in a 2.5 hour training session - your attention supposedly riveted to the projector screen so you can learn about the new management system your department is implementing. Sounds, fascinating, right? Of course it does. If that wasn't fun enough, your lunch is catered and costs nothing. That alone will get most people to a meeting. On top of that, a menu circulated the week prior and you were able to personally select your lunch of choice. Right on. I chose the Club Sandwich. Yep, that's right. Turkey, ham, bacon, cheese AND cranberry sauce on the side (to happily smear on my bread later for a festive treat). For my side, frog eye salad. Having no idea what this was when I saw it on the menu, I immediately went to Google to find out. Sounded good to me, so I opted to try it. Turns out it's a sweet concoction with tapioca, mandarin oranges and marshmallows (usually). My lunch arrived in a little box with a clearly marked label on the top. Inside I found my sandwich neatly wrapped, the salad side sealed in a little container, standard plastic-ware with a single napkin, a pickle and tomato on the side, one cookie and a chocolate mint. (Not to mention packaged condiments like mayo and mustard.)This is one of the best free sandwiched I've ever had, esp. with the cranberry sauce adding a great sweet balance to the meats and cheeses. Strangely enough, the size of this sandwich was reasonable, although it wasn't a standard sandwich size - not like the other sandwiches people ordered that were sliced in half. The Club is like a 3/4 of a sandwich, although the stuffings between the bread make it more than able to satiate a big appetite. Every bite of The Club was better than the last. The frog eye salad was tasty, too. The cookie was okay. At least it was soft and chewy. And chocolate (yes!). I really, really liked my lunch. I can tell that my work mates likes theirs, too, for everyone happily gobbled up their lunches super fast. I think I was the last to finish - if that tells ya anything. I guess I wanted to not only sink my teeth into a hearty sandwich but also take the time to savor it. 5 Stars for Apple Spice Junction! It's the best sandwich catering service I've had. Seriously.
4	I am torn about apple spice... when I found them a couple years ago I loved them!  Healthy yummy lunches that were quick and not too pricey.  My company uses them a lot for catering... in fact I had them today because we are so busy they don't want us leaving the office for lunch.  Anyway enough about my lock down blues:(  So I have been here too many times to count (dine in and company catering) and I always would get BLT deluxe executive box lunch.  The executive box lunch includes your sandwich, a side (i always get the frog eye salad YUM!), veggies with a side of ranch and a small little piece of cherry cheesecake.  It is a lot of food!  The problem started when I ordered my BLT deluxe and the bacon is floppy or not fully cooked.  This happened consistently and so I finally asked what is the deal with the bacon... they said they order it they do not make it on site.  So then I felt as though I could not order this anymore because the bacon is never fully cooked.  So I still get lunches from them when my company orders lunch but I always get the veggie sandwich which is good and I am happy with that.  The things I really like about apple spice is that they do not put condiments on their sandwiches... they have everything in packets and let you put it on yourself.  I am a condiment hater so this is awesome!  Also when you order to go or for catering they wrap your sandwich in plastic wrap so it does not get moist from anything else in the to go container.
5	We order from Apple Spice here at the office at least once per week. It started out just one or two of us, and has grown into five or six, surely more to jump on board! They do these things called "box lunches" where you get a side (pasta/potato/frog eye salad or chips), a pickle, a treat (normally a cookie) and condiments including mustard, mayo, lettuce and tomato. The wide variety of sandwiches are either 6.95 or 7.95 and include all of the above. If you are an Amazon, or just eat like one (Me, that's right, guilty as charged) you can get the "executive box" for $2 more... and it includes all of the above PLUS a side of veggies (carrots, broccoli, celery, black olives, etc) with a side of ranch, a bag of chips and cheesecake.!!!! So, for $8.95 I am stuffed out of my mind and so happy because the egg salad that I get every time is always moist and flavorful, and I really love the sourdough bread it comes on! Some of the other girls from the office religiously order the Roast Beef Deluxe and Breast of Turkey, as well. f you order a minimum of three lunches before 10:30am, they will deliver for you :) We normally don't start thinking about lunch until then, so we always forget, but we call and place the order and its ready for pickup about fifteen minutes later. Easy! I would definitely use them for catering should the need arise! Way to go Apple Spice!!
4	This place has the absolute best egg salad sandwiches! It is super close to my work so I usually get it once or twice a week. The box lunch comes with your choice of sandwich, a side, a fresh cookie and a mint, so it is a great value. They bake the bread fresh and it is really amazing. Definitely stop in if you are in the area and in the mood for a tasty sandwich!
1	Man oh man... I can't decide whether I want to review this place or not under the auspices of "if you don't have anything nice to say..."All I have to say is this: We ordered food. It came totally wrong. I asked for a vegan salad, not specifically, but that's how I ordered it, and it came with chicken and cheese. This just shows a complete inability to read the order. People make adjustments all the time. I have worked at a restaurant. I have fucked up. I should have been lashed 40 times! Read what people order! So when I got the wrong salad and saw what an unbelievable disappointment it was going to be, I ordered a veggie sandwich instead, which, to their credit, they delivered and took off the bill. The best customer service in the world could not overcome this sandwich. It was a monumental fucking embarrassment. I cannot believe they let that thing out the door. I ate it because I was starving but I would have liked to have driven it back there and go through it, ingredient by ingredient, with the preparer... Explain to me how this is appealing to the eyes, mouth, stomach, etc.I just hated it. A lot. Sorry, I'm sure you're nice people with good intentions.
2	I hate writing this update because I used to really love Apple Spice, but the last three times we have ordered lunch there have been multiple mistakes. For a place that does catering, getting 10 lunches right doesn't really seem like too much to ask.Today, two people ordered bread bowls. They received a very small container of soup with a slice of bread. That is not really a bread bowl.Me and one of my vegan co-workers ordered the southwestern salad, sans cheese. It came with chicken, and on the menu it states you have to pay an additional $1 for chicken, so it would definitely be something someone needed to ask for.One of the lunches came as a sandwich instead of a wrap, and Heather W. was missing her cookie and her juice with her meal.Apple Spice was nice enough to replace the mistaken items (brought corrected salads, brought the actual bread bowls - although, not with new soup, brought the wrap) and bring us an extra plate of cookies, but like I said, this is the third time this type of mistake has happened. It's pretty expensive, the Southwestern is not even very good, and once the order comes back wrong it delays my eating for an hour + and it is just frustrating.I'm sorry Apple Spice... you guys are great but you need to get it together.
4	I just placed an order yesterday via online (VERY EASY PROCESS) for a meeting we were having today for our office and they did a great job! Each lunch was in it's own little box with everyone's name on them and each had a side (everyone got to choose one of the following: Potato Salad, Fresh Sliced Fruit Cup, Pasta Salad, Frog Eyed Salad - sounds gross but VERY yummy) or a bag of Chips), then each box also included a pickle, cookie, condiments and utensils. The prices were great to so that was another plus in my book.We ordered 12 boxed lunches to be delivered and not only did every order show up correctly but they delivered 5 minutes early! We will certainly be ordering from Apple Junction again!
