5	Psychemedics is one of the best places in town to go for you drug testing.  I took my first pre-employment test there over seven years ago and go the chance to go back today for a future job offer.  I have to say that although, the shopping plaza has change a lot, Psychemedics is the exact same.  Same great service; 2 minutes from the time I walked in at 11 a.m. to the time I left.  Superb in every way.Psychemedics is a hair drug testing facility so don't make the mistake of drinking copious amounts of water before going; haha
5	Best place for a drug test! This is a hair test only facility, so make sure you have some hair to test. If you are bald like me, they can take a hair sample from your arm or leg. If you don't have hair in these areas, you may have to grow a beard like I did.If you do have hair, they will take about an inch or so from the back of your head. The technician who took my sample was very friendly and nice. They don't automatically assume that you are a drug user and give you the third degree like other places (ahem...LabCorp). Their Web site has a wealth of information if you are nervous about the drug test, but you really have nothing to be scared about.
5	Quick and precise. out in 5 minutes.
5	I can't imagine a drug testing place being any smoother than this. It's all hair drug testing as someone mentioned, so don't chug a lot of water beforehand like I did. I literally walked in, lady came out of the back, brought me in and cut a piece of my hair, I initialed a few things, and I walked out. Had to be like 2 minutes.My girlfriend had to take one at another drug testing place that did urine, and hers probably took like 10 minutes overall. As far as I'm concerned, if I had a choice for time saving, Psychemedics would be it!
2	Well it is fast. And the people are nice. The test itself however is inaccurate. I have never used anything in my life which few people can say, yet i tested positive. Of course they wont tell the company what it was I tested positive for. Just a sheet that says positive/negative. Maybe they just decided to flip a coin. False positives happen between 10-30% of the time so its necessary to be careful with the result and to be detailed.
