3	This is the quickest place in Charlotte to get an inspection; no doubt about it.  The waiting-room is small and suffocating, but that didn't sway me away, because I was only there for about ten minutes.  The employees here are lickity-split mechanics that know how to get a car in and out.  When I was there I saw about five different guys checking different things on my Buick for the inspection.  The lady behind the counter was a sweetheart, she seems like she has been working there for a while and she doesn't mind if you interrupt her from her newspaper (she loves company).  I have never given a tip before for an inspection, but I had to hook these guys up for such a quick job.
4	I can't believe someone reviewed this place already!Garrett G. was right on.  This is a super quick inspection, and I've been in and out in ten minutes.  Last time I went, I left my keys with them, walked to the asian grocer a block away, got some iced coffee in a can, walked back, and the inspection was done.Weird place, but good service, and they get you outta there fast.
4	Service rendered: NC State InspectionPrice $30. They take debit, credit, or cash.I would be shocked if they don't have the fastest inspection in town. Last year's inspection here took less than 15 minutes, from start to finish. But that was with one person manning the shop. Yesterday, it took less than 10 minutes. I really should have timed it. By the time I was settling in they were done. There were 3 friendly guys working and all were professional and helpful. They very thoughtfully offered to scrape my expired inspection sticker from my windshield too.The reason I gave 4 instead of 5 stars, is because this is a clean, zero frills establishment. It's not the most comfortable waiting area, but when your customers only sit for 10 minutes it really isn't necessary. If you are one to turn your nose up to dingy chairs and no bathroom, go elsewhere. They do have a water cooler and local papers to read to sustain you. It really isn't bad if you aren't bothered by trivial aesthetics. Easy entrance and exit from Central Ave. This is NOT a place to drop off your car to pick up later. It is their posted policy to stay with your vehicle.
5	Excellent quick service. Went in on 12/31/14was told my car wasn't going to pass because of horn before he even pulled it into garage. He explained what I needed to do to get it up to par, so I went next door to Auto-Zone, had the part put in he inspected and everything was great. I saw someone posted they only gave 4 stars because it's no frills; it's not but it is good honest people who know their stuff and do a good job. I'll take that over frills ANYDAY! Highly recommend!
