4	I walked into Sawadika and was pleasantly stunned by the decor. Really nice! The food was just as good. Ordered the chicken and shrimp roll to start and it was fresh and light, with a tangy sauce. Simple but nice presentation. Followed up with chicken with basil and lemongrass for my main course which was absolutely delicious. All that stands in the way of a 5-star rating was a larger portion size and the scaling back of some seemingly ridiculous priced items on the menu. Fried pineapple for 7.50? No thanks. Thankfully, there are plenty of reasonably priced items to choose from.I would come back, for sure. Give 'em a try.
4	It is true the interior design of this restaurant is very well done, impressive use of lights to highlight the bright colours.The service was good, as we were party of eight we had the attention of more then one person.The food is delicious, the peanut butter dumplings and the crispy spinach are my favourite. I'm a salad freak: the papaya, mango, house salads are well sized and perfectly dressed. There is a testing menu that is all you can eat and the list of dishes you can pick from is impressive.Beware of the tasting menu delays. The food comes late and you need to remind about your order. Whoever ordered a la carte received the food on time, but for some of my friends the waiting for their tasting menu choices was too much.Small things that matter: rest rooms are not clean by the end of the working hours and cigarette smell as soon as the kitchen closed.
2	Hi,i actually used to live very close to the place, so i'm a frequent guest to the place .. that alone could tell you i like the food their big time!my best Thai food experience so far .. only recently, and on 2 different occasions where i had a bad service experience, and for the first one, which i felt that was a rip off when asking for extra topping .. and i thought i wouldn't leave a bad review for that .. just last night, i walked in, it was 9:20pm and the waitress which first was going to seat us in had the all you can eat menu, and the a la carte menu .. decided that it's too late now for the all you can eat! noting that previously this was not the case .. you better be back to what used to be a good service ..good luck!
4	Been there recently, and i noticed better service... As for food it's as great as usual
4	Bring your own, great decor and atmosphere. Food is typically better than average Thai restaurants! Definitely worth a visit :)
