4	While being bombarded in this lone desert outpost by countless pizza joints and fast food establishments, a gem shows up from time to time.  This is one of them.  King Fish is independently owned and that's what Maricopa needs more of.  A lot more.  My first order from King Fish was simple.  Fried catfish and okra.  Didn't disappoint at all.  In fact, I'm pretty stoked that restaurant food this good actually exists so near to where I live!  The catfish was light, cornmeal battered and fried with perfection.  The okra was fried and just as tasty.  I originally ordered red beans and rice as my side but they were out.  They just opened this past week so I'm sure there are going to be more growing pains, but they're off to a good start.  On the menu they have chicken, snapper, Tilapia, shrimp and oysters.  I can't wait to sample all of this!
3	My husband and I love soul food, so we were excited this place was opening near our place. First, the food was great.  The catfish was flaky and light and the chicken tasty and juicy.  The greens had the right amount of seasoning and the yams seemed a bit overcooked but still good overall.  This place would have gotten a five star rating but the wait time was hard to bear.  We came in on a Thursday night and the place was half way full, we were told 30 min, but that turned into one hour and 15 minutes.  Yes we timed it, what else to do in all that waiting?  We had a couple sitting next to us who waited just as long, but when they got their order, half of it was missing. Needless to say, we felt bad for them as they stormed out.  And when we got our order, it was incorrect also. A small mix up of us wanting 4pcs of chicken and 2pcs of catfish, and getting it reversed instead.  But we did get an apology from the waitress. Since the food was great we are giving it another chance, only hoping after time this place will smooth out its bumps and improve service.  But I would say for now, call ahead and place your order over the phone for pickup if you don't have an hour to kill.
5	The food is scrumptious and hit the spot as I was craving a satisfying fish sammich' and delicious sides. Maricopa is sorely lacking  food options (how many lackluster pizza places can one small town have?) and King Fish is a welcome addition. Family owned by friendly folks and some mighty fine to boot makes for a winning combination.I went for tilapia, yams, and 'tater salad, all of which were darn tasty. The first few bites were saluted with approving nods from me towards my wife and pal. Most delightfully, there was no feeling of bloat or "heavy brick in my stomach" that sometimes comes from soul food. Granted, about 20 minutes later the 'itis did hit me, but that's to be expected right?It's simple, no frills and honest to goodness soul food cookin' that is just right when you want it, or a new experience for some of you that haven't tried it. As for improvement, I would like to see a more diverse menu in the future but what they have currently is just fine by me and done quite well. Give it a shot.
5	Just what Maricopa needed!  I had a great fish sandwich, fries and mac and cheese. The order came out quick too!  Highly recommend.  Can't wait to go back!
4	Fresh, authentic southern food, they even serve sweet ice tea.  It's great to finally see a new restaurant open up that isn't a sports bar with nasty food.
4	Great comfort/soul food spot. Food is very good and reasonably priced for what you get. Only tip I would give is to call ahead for your order.
4	The restaurant situation in Maricopa is improving! One of the bright spots is King Fish Sea and Soul Food. Terrific, authentic southern cooking! I had the catfish with seasoned fries. The catfish is fried with a light batter that really brings out the great taste of the fish and the fries were done just right. This is one place that I predict will do very well. They have done their homework and it shows! Thanks to the owners for bringing their talents to Maricopa-God knows we needed it!Looking forward to my next visit.
5	Thank you for amazing food, perfect catfish, amazing okra, and the most warm and sincere environment in town, Thank you Fish King for a memorable night, promise to be back soon!!!
1	I just ordered "food" here and I was very disappointed. The food, I would have given 2 stars but the service was agonizing, I placed my takeout order at 655 pm and it didn't come out till 750 pm, I'm not even kiding! when I ordered they were out of three sides (all the ones I wanted) but  they let four customers order the same sides after me.  They served thier friend that paid after me, before me.  The bathroom was out of order, and I saw a guy using the wall outside as I was leaving!  The Fish is only breaded in corn meal, and the red beans and rice could have been made in a microwave. Avoid this place! I think all the reviewers are their friends.
2	Went in for lunch, was first disappointed that they only served chicken wings and no other part of the chicken. also got greens and potato salad which were very Delicious. Also had the cod which was very good. The chicken was on the greasy side and i did not get satisfied from my meal which was pricey at $14.50. I think with bigger portions and addition of other chicken parts i would pay the price but still not that often because so high.
2	Disappointed.:(
3	This place is getting one star just for trying to be the genuine article in Maricopa! I love to see real mom and pop restaurants make a go of it anywhere, to be honest. I sure felt like I was in Mississippi while I sat and waited for my freshly prepared order of snapper, greens and red beans! Ooooooweeee !! It smelled do right on a Sunday afternoon.  And the taste was equal to my expectation.  This little shack of a place is worth patronage if you want to impress those who know and are not looking for frills.Today's chicken seems very greasy so I won't rate this place better than Lo-Los but if they pay attention to how they soak the chicken and batter is enhanced with some white pepper (just saying) they will become a force to reckon with.  The red beans were excellent and the greens were not too salty ( often a problem with recipes  pickled meat) . The snapper was just ok in my opinion. I will need to give it another try. But for now, it's all passable and will bring memories back for sure.
3	I have been driving by this place for 3 months and finally stopped by.  The staff is friendly and the restaurant is small and perfect for the type of food they serve.  I love the family atmosphere.I ordered the 2 piece chicken and catfish with 2 sides.  Everything was hot when It came out and very good.  The macaroni was homemade and delicious.  The only thing I could say that could be improved was the catfish breading had no seasoning or very little and was a little bland.  I did not know that the chicken was wings, as I was expecting breast strips.  The wings were good as I love wings.  But it is not printed on the menu that I saw.I will go back again so i can try the other sides and the shrimp.
4	Decided to see what this place was about after driving past it for several months. Very pleasantly surprised at the lunch my son and I shared. We had the Chicken and Fish combo with Fried Okra and Mac & Cheese. It was all really tasty. The chicken was juicy and not over-battered and the fish was a large piece, nicely spiced and battered. My son loved the M&C and the fried okra was delicious. Will definitely go back. As some other reviewers noted, it's not fast food, things take awhile because it's made fresh but it's well worth it. Staff was super friendly too, a bonus. The only slight downside is it's a little pricey, but I think you get what you pay for in this case. I hope they get enough business to make it in Maricopa because we need more locally owned businesses to succeed. There's too many bland, mediocre chains in this town already.
3	The food was good, first time I had southern food, food took a little long but its cooked fresh. the staff is very friendly and attentitive. prices are a little to much i think. They also need to offer a better type of french fries, those crinkle fries arent cutting it. overall I shall try it again sometime.
3	Totally agree with others that it's exciting to have something new in town other than Mexican or pizza! It felt like a down home family kind of place. Catfish was great and the Mac n Cheese was good although not quite as cheesy as I expected. Avoid the coleslaw which tasted almost rancid. Would try it again but would call in a takeout order ahead of time.
4	After reading some of the reviews, we called in our order right before we left.  We got there in 15 minutes, and 15 minutes later we were eating.  I didn't care for the chicken.  The breading was good, but for some reason the chicken itself seemed to have an odd flavor.  The seasoned fries were yummy.  But the catfish- oh the catfish!- was soooooo super scrumptious!  LOVED it!  I want more right now!  Will definitely be back for the catfish!
1	Closed. Shut down first of the year.
