5	This place was a lot of fun. It's brand new so its super clean,  no broken games, and the bowling shoes are almost new so the thought of using them isn't so gross. I was pleasantly surprised at their menu choices in the restaurant area. Even the pickiest eaters can find something they will enjoy. They even make their own pizza crust in the dining area so you can see them stretching the dough. The kids loved to watch that. The kids also enjoyed the milkshakes made with real ice cream. The price of admission was less than other places that compare, like Amazing Jakes. They DO NOT charge an entrance fee for the parents and the packages are priced reasonably.All in all the kids loved it and the parents appreciated the cleanliness, the price,and selection of games and activities for the kids.This is a great new edition to the East Valley and we will be returning soon.
3	It feels like I went in before it was ready to be open.  Some areas not fininshed, staff was not trained very well and It was expencive.  I think it took 4 people to make our milkshakes and they ended up putting Icecream in a cup and calling it a milkshake.  Nice bowling but preatty heafty prices for an ala cart facility.
4	We visited FlipSide for the first time today. Overall, we were very impressed with the facility. It's clean, modern, technologically-advanced, and family-friendly. The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 was because of some of the staff. The guest services staff was great, very attentive, and was eager to answer our questions. The staff in the arcade area (bumper cars, blast pad) came off as bored or could care less to be there. It's almost as if they are being forced to work there...no smiles, not friendly in the least and its these people who are out there with our kids, helping to swipe their cards, etc. I get it, working with kids can be challenging at times, especially when it is busy but we were there at 11a on Sunday and it was not busy at all. So, I think the place could use some adjustments in the staffing/personnel area of the business but other than that, the place knocks it out of the park. Prices are reasonable, gaming and activities are excellent (mini-bowling is just PERFECT for your 4/5 year old), I think this is a great addition to Gilbert!
2	Me and my two nieces, boyfriend, brother & his two boys went there to bowl one night. We were sooo excited that a bowling alley opened up right down the street from our house!! We couldn't wait to go!! Well... now we arent sure we'll ever go back. First of all, no alcohol. Now, we aren't a bunch of alcoholics, but when the kids are all bowling it's nice to have a cocktail or two and chat amongst the adults. & if we just want to go on a date night... it'd be nice to have a cocktail then, too! But oh well, we got past that part.I understand this is a new place & it will probably get better as time goes on but WOW, I think I know more about serving than our actual server... inexperienced joke.The service wasn't exceptional, but the food was pretty darn good I must say! The only thing is that when you order the boneless wings (which were delicious), make sure you aren't expecting any extra wing sauce because they DONT SERVE IT. What??? It says on the menu, ask for an extra dipping sauce to go with your wings! Yet... they don't even have sides of BBQ sauce... what a crock!!! This place pretty much just pissed me off all night long, but the kids had a good time so I guess theyre doing something right....
3	A review for parents with tweens and who may be beer drinkers. First of all they don't have beer. Which is fine, it really is, if you are going for your kids. We took our boys 9 & 12 and their friends for the 12 year old's birthday. We didn't hold the party there we just went after a movie, dinner and cake. I think the boys had fun. We bought a card for each boy with maybe five attractions and $3 worth of game that came to about $15 each. The boys could use the bumper cars, laser tag, laser maze, and the jungle gym (they were too old). They liked the laser tag but said Stratum was better. They enjoyed the bumper cars but only chose to do it once. They did the laser maze more than once, they could go in together and it was a challenge. The only problem was the confusion getting in. They use their card to access the attractions if the attendant moved, like went to go flirt with the girls at the counter which he did every chance he got, the kids would walk up and swipe their card and try and get in. The attendant would notice get them out but then they were out an attraction. Our birthday boy did this, we had he card refilled but the girl didn't do enough and it was a hassle. They have high school kids working everything and need more adults or better training. They have good games about $1 or more each play and you get tickets to get cheap toys like at Peter Piper etc. All in all, it was a good experience and very pretty by the bowling alley, looks exactly like a cool bar without the booze. Lots of tv's, places to sit, bowling lanes and a coffee shop. It's nice but fairly  pricey for an hour of fun for the kids. I want them to succeed just because they are local folks but they need something else to get us there more often.
5	We attended our cousin's 5 Year Old's Birthday party this past weekend.  I had taken my 4 year old there twice in the past and had a great time!  According to my son, this was the best birthday party he had ever been too.  Lucky for us, the hosts bought the unlimited package.  The kids were able to go on all the attractions (Laser Tag, Laser Maze, Play Area, Bumper Cars and Mini Bowling) as many times as they could for 3 hours.  These kids didn't stop, other than to enjoy the great pizza and cookies.  The Party Host (sorry I don't remember her name) was so friendly and had fun interacting with the kids.  From my perspective the first two times we went, Flip Side was safe, clean and definitely worth a little extra money for all the things the kids could do.  We weren't going to miss a b-day party there.I am adding it to my Summer Places to entertain my 4 year old!
1	Too much space has been left out for bowling which makes the arcade area crowded. The 3 hour deal is kinda expensive. It should be a little cheaper. The laser tag and Laser maze is nicer than some other places. We had an issue with availability of one of the attractions and owner was really grumpy to give us a $5 credit for it! Not sure if we are going back.Update on 5/27. Ended up going back due to a b'day. The cafe staff was pretty rude. It seems like the customer is always wrong here. Downgrading the rating from 2 star to 1 !!
3	The establishment is very nice and have a variety of events. The food is pretty good, but a little pricy. The one event that ruined my experience is how the management treated thee employees. The main manager does not treat them with respect, he talks done to them. I don't think he really tools classes on how to manage. I believe the owners should have more say in who they are. NEW MANAGER
4	My kids had a awesome time. I love the mini bowling! It's so cute and perfect for younger kids. It's a great place for kids my only complaint is that it's a little expensive.  We bought two 3hr unlimited attraction passes it was $53 then I had to buy 2 pairs of sock which are 2 bucks a pair. The passes do come with $5 loaded on them for the arcade games. That goes pretty quick and ended up adding an additional $15 bucks. So it's pretty pricey, but I would go back because the kids had a great time.
5	After a 40 plus minute drive I can honestly say it was well worth the drive. I love this place, oh the kid does to!!! So wherever you live in the valley its worth the drive.I will write  more now that we are home.We each got the 3 hour unlimited card.  We did the Laser Tag and Laser Maze twice.  Mini bowling once the kid did not like that so much.  We both loved the Crash Pods and did them at least 5 times.  Needles to say she spent a lot of time in the Blast Pad, I spent a fair amount of time in there as well..lol  Plus with the 3 hour pass you get  $5 on your card for the Arcade. We even found time to eat!!!
5	FlipSide has hands down the best laser tag I have ever been too! It was a little bit out of the way but well worth the drive! We went at night and it was just our group playing laser tag that made it even more fun! We also tried their laser maze that flipSide has and that was a riot! Definitely worth going!
5	So much fun! Love the laser tag! Laser maze is so much fun! We will defiantly be back! Recommend 3 hr pass
4	I recently held my son's 6th birthday party at Flipside. It was a really great experience overall, I chose to drop off the decorations myself and they did a good job setting up, food was good and brought out in a timely manner. I had two hosts, Amanda and Paige and they were wonderful, extremely helpful and very timely. They took over when the cake should be done and cutting it and passing it out and did all of the cleanup. Not to mention the kids had a blast after in the arcade with $10 on each of their cards and ability to do 3 of the attractions (crash pods, laser tag, laser maze, etc). Was definitely worth the price and stress free for me.
2	Clean...food is good...activities are cool....but they will nickle & dime you to death. Way too expensive. The manager and some employees are tools. The managers seem angry. They begin by tell us that we are wrong. I won't be returing. It's amazing how one bad experience with an employee or manager can make you want to not want to return.....as well as tell all your friends not to go to Flipside in Gilbert,  AZ.
5	It probably makes most sense to come here with kids, but when invited to a 2 year old's birthday party, this is a great environment for adults as well! This is a fun-in-one stop. They have a full arcade, foam pits, bumper cars, air hockey, bowling, laser tag and more. You purchase a card and put points on the card. With a swipe of a card, your all set to play! This game center is focused on families and they don't serve alcohal, but it's still a good time for adults! The games vary in level and everything is adult-friendly and of course kid-friendly! We came here for a two year old's birthday party but found a way to have fun ourselves. They have private rooms you can rent for a party and they also have a full cafe that serves plenty of food and sodas. If I lived closer and had kids, I would definitely frequent this place. I hope they add more of these in the Valley!
5	Very clean new open space...not overly crowded. Loved all the options w/ perfectly working new better Arcadia games w/ far better prizes than PPP. Food was much better than I expected.  They have their own coffee shop and full seated restaurant- they also will bring dinner to your bowling table. Tried the pizza, fantastic fries, nachos and portobello mushroom sand. All were tasty! Next visit well try the food items on the lighter side;) If you get a drink, you can take it around with you to all the different activities w/ bonus free refills all night! Loved all the seating and layout. Great pricing for all you get!!! Laser tag was my fav!! Staff was awesome at every game. They were young, yet thats exactly how it is at every amusement or water park. I would never expect adults/parents to be running the games, nor would I expect staff to babysit my kids while I sat down.We will be back, returning every week!Bonus Free Wi Fi & brand new bowling shoes. Sooooooo glad we found this place! Now I've got to check out and see if they have a ice cream parlor!
5	This is a kids play place- on crack! They have the typical arcade games but they also have a HUGE playground, bumper cars, and laser tag. There is something for everyone here! This place is better than the typical arcade place and it has a wide variety of games for different ages! There are not only young kids here but some adults who were playing some games. It was also very clean and the staff was friendly. The prize counter... Wow. They had an array of prizes. I'm impressed.
5	Expensive at first but well worth it. Nice place to come and relax while the kids play. Food is alright not the best but good enough.
2	No Beer! That sucks having some pizza without a nice cold adult beverage! Nice layout of bowling and games though! Will not go back.
3	We had bday party here in the java room-14 kids with 25 chaperones. We did the 3 attraction package for 8 kids & ended up adding on 5 kids at $16 each to this. We ordered 3 extra pizzas & 2 nachos & purchased 8 extra drink cups at $2.50 each. I think we spent $450 with tax & tip  It was a lot of fun but seems super pricey Wish they had party packages for bigger groups    Pizzas were huge & delish- ordered 2 too many pizzas probably We did loose a game card & the gm Clint comped us one- that was super cool The reason I am giving this only 3 stars is because I feel like it was too expensive with all the ad-ons & it would have been nice if they allotted free soda for everyone  They won't even let you bring in water & only sell cups   The kids had a blasts- especially the 4-8 year age range  I probably would come back when my daughter is 8 or 9 (great age to appreciate attractions) and just do a smaller group of kids to make it more affordable & easier to manage
2	Everything was clean and well organized! I was somewhat impressed with this place until I went into the laser tag. 4 kids running the laser tag area and goofing around before we even started playing. Then all 4 goofballs ended up playing laser tag which seemed pretty unfair to the little kids. Would probably go back if it had a more employee friendly atmosphere!
4	Our second trip to FlipSide on Thanksgiving weekend was a blast! Compared to the other "family attractions" spots in the Phoenix area that we've visited, this one is by far the best. It's a fairly low bar - some other local spots had broken arcade games, dingy surroundings, confusing price menus, and limited fun - but this place hit it out of the park. I never thought I'd applaud a business for just being clean and functional, but really, it must be hard to do, because FlipSide is the only one who's able to keep it that way! Some of the attractions are really unique; the laser maze is really fun and mini bowling is great for all ages. We didn't try the regular bowling because the other stuff kept us busy. (We had two adults and an 8 year old boy.)FlipSide is staffed well - attendants at every attraction and they seemed to be doing a good job. The place felt safe and well-kept. I've been a bit surprised that FlipSide isn't busier; I hope it succeeds for the long haul! The lack of alcohol probably plays a role (from the look of the SkyClub area, I had assumed it had a bar but it doesn't). We spent every minute of our three-hour pass at FlipSide - we burned off a ton of energy and were ready for bed by the time our night was over!
4	My kids and I were looking for somewhere nearby to go bowling and stumble on flip side. The bowling prices are a little higher than your average bowling joint but for what it offers I think it's worth it. The bowling alley is very clean and new. They offer lane service and the employees are generally very friendly. The kids also had a great time at the large arcade.
4	So we went to flip side about 4 months ago and it was dead! Very cool place though. We played the arcade games and did laser tag. We ate at the restaurant and they have a good menu and the food was delicious! We love the  Huge screens over the bowling lanes!! We asked why theey didnt have a lot of business that friday night and we  were told that they dont serve alcohol and many people dont go for that reason.      Well... a few mos later we just returned to use our Groupon on a Friday night and the place was packed and they are in the works of getting a license to serve alcohol. The down fall is they have young teens working as servers and they suck!!!! They pretty much neglect you! We had to walk to restaurant from the bowling lanes to get our refills. We walked to the restaurant to order a snack because the server never returned. There was a birthday party at the lane next to us and they left and 20 min later a new couple shows up to bowl in that lane and the birthday trash and cups and all that was still there. I had to tell someone to clean it!  Why would you fill a lane and make them stumble over a party mess! Its not cheap to bowl here!  I believe this place could make a killing and its great for the area but needs work! The server staff needs HUGE HELP!!!!! These young girls and guys have no idea how to serve with good service! They need to turn the music up so you can actually hear it.. Need more up to date and good mix of songs.. Lots of super outdated music. Overall its a great place with a few needed fix ups!
3	Updated indoors play area for the kiddies. It's average pricing compared to others that are similar. Lazer tag was fun, even for us oldies ;). The reason I'm giving it 3 stars, is it's kind of set up for the parents to sit back and kick it while the kids run amuck. Granted, helicopter parenting isn't ideal, but if your child is a POS like most of them there were, then you need to be there to put them back in line. Being that this was a new environment for us, we did follow our son everywhere, and we were so disappointed in the lack of parenting in there. Kids trying to steal my sons ticket on games, pushing and shoving to get in line, just blatant disrespect for people around them. We ended up leaving cause it was too much for me and my husband to handle.
5	Brought kids here to hang out.... it happened to be their first year anniversary so they had a lot of cool deals... but heres is the bottom line... clean, staff is very friendly and places for adults to hang out... cafe is good too... although a little more $ than other places but very worth it..
4	My 10 year old boys had fun.  A little pricey but it is clean, well lit and not too loud.  For the adults....the wifi blows, the food is not very good and expensive.  A small iced latte was just under $5.  Can't bring anything in either....(and Pepsi products..ick).All attractions/games were in good working condition.
1	I would give a 5 star for service for the staff that associated with us the night that we were there ONLY. I give a 2-3 star for prices. By the time you eat and do anything there with your family/kids, your bill is ENORMOUS. I would have paid less had I gone to Amazing jakes which is larger and has the all you can eat buffet. I give a 1 star for the sales manager Amy and her customer service skills (lack thereof) and for not helping in ANY way to keep the reputation of FlipSide and its staff...to be as flawless as it was the night that I visited with my children and their friends. And since she was my final impression, one start it is!
4	We went here recently, the last time it actually rained in Arizona.  We arrived right when they opened, so it was not crowded at all for the first few hours.  The bowling area is very clean and has a good atmosphere.  After we finished bowling we went to the arcade section where they have a pretty cool laser "mission impossible" type game room where you are timed and have to avoid lasers in the dark.  It was a fun place to go.  Even better if you are able to find a coupon or groupon.  But I would definitely recommend arriving right at opening time in order to have a better experience.
5	AMAZINGLY FUN!!  My 9 year old daughter and I went and had an incredible time! For $27 we played 2 rounds of laser tag, laser maze, and about 10 video games.  (We ate prior to going)  All in all - no complaints. Happy daughter = Happy father! =)
5	I've been here a couple of times, both times for meetings related to business.  I love the ambiance, and the environment is great.  The clean, sleek and modern styles here create an atmosphere that really makes you want to show up here again and again.  There was definitely some thought placed into the architecture, and you can tell that they didn't cut corners.Overall, both times were an excellent experience, and I believe they deserve Five stars!
1	This place had terrible customer service and I would not recommend this place to anyone. It was a fun place to bowl but overall experience was horrible.
3	This is the 3rd time we have brought the kids here.  On the pricey side but I like the fact that they don't take advantage of the busy mom who forgot to bring socks.  They sell them here for $2. Nice.  Now, I'm a mom of 2 boys so I understand the meaning of stink... However, something has to be done about the locker room smell.  Ugggg.  Does not make me hungry for the pizza.  Get that figured out and it'll be great!
1	My kid loves this place.  We went to party here before and she really digs it.So we are trying to book a birthday party and all of my contact information is on the request.  We get everything lined out, I tell the associate to call me for the deposit, put my personal phone down and get back to work.  Never hear from her.  She didn't call.  She responded to the e-mail that she was there all day and to give her a call.  I got busy, didn't find this for weeks.  Finally make an effort to re-connect - no call back, no e-mail back, no anything for almost a full week ... I desperately wanted this to work for my daughter, but I'm getting a really bad vibe already.  I don't like chasing people ... so until I get the attention I deserve, I'm not changing my rating.
3	This place could be really cool but the employees are lacking education about the establishment! Which means the Management IS NOT doing their job. I actually had to complain to a Manager when I found a price sheet after I had been there for 4 hrs. For the money I spent I could of done the Unlimited package but the Cashier never presented it to me at the discounted rate that I qualified for. The Manager did not seem sincerely apologetic...when I actually corrected him about what each package offered he said "Oh they changed it".....Shouldn't he be the first to know and also educate his Employees? When a Customer finds out they could of got quite a bit more for about $1.50 more a kid I believe a Manager should be more attentive to that fail on their part. Inspite of all the Employees being asleep on the job the kids had a BLAST and The Manager did give me a free pizza for my trouble which was really quite nice. So, I will go back for my kids and hopefully they iron out these kinks. I personally think the packages seem a bit pricey so when you want to charge these rates you need to have quality service in which to back it up! We had the Nachos and a Large pizza and they were both pretty good. Another thing when I went up to order the Pizza I asked if there was any package with soda for a group of kids. He said "no" the soda's are $2.50 so with the amount of kids I had I was looking at spending $21 in soda...so I walked away for a minute to grab my purse and when I came back to order I was looking at the cups and I see the kids cups and I asked the price of those and he said $1.25. Why he did not find this valuable info when I was up there 1 minute prior I will never know??? So, I would like to give this only 2 stars but like I said the Kiddos had a BLAST! So 3 stars it is!
4	My youngest daughter went here for her end of the year field trip and she came home ranting and raving about how much fun she had and that she wanted to go back over Summer Break. We finally got around to going and making it a family fun night.   We hit up the arcade first and my youngest went straight to the caged in jungle gym that they have in the middle of the arcade. My youngest loves that play place and spent most our visit in there. The arcade although on the smaller side is still enough to keep the kids and adults happy. After about an hour in the arcade we headed over to get dinner.   The dining area was clean and comfortable. Our food took a little while to come out but the big screen TVs kept everyone happy. Also, while we waited my husband found an employee and asked some questions about the mini-bowling. We had our dinner and then headed over to mini-bowling.   The mini-bowling was a little bit confusing and we ended up taking up two lanes temporarily and then we were able to figure it out and only use one lane of the bowling. The mini-bowling was fun and both the kids loved it. After the mini-bowling we went back to the arcade. The kids went on the bumper cars and my youngest went back up to the play place. All in all we had a really good time.
4	If you are a bowler, it will take some adjusting. Friendly management, friendly staff, good food. They have lots of parties so check for sticky surfaces. Had problems with approaches,  seem to be fixed now. Turned AC down much cooler.
1	Absolute waste of money. Bad service but most importantly way over priced. Don't bring your kids unless you plan on spending $500 or more. Take them to the park instead.
4	been here bowling a few times. Very nice and clean. Expensive. but you get what you pay for. Can't give it 5 stars, no beer.  i respect the decision but beer and bowling go together. this is the USA! !
3	Came here for a company-sponsored "family night." Those are always fun because you get to find out unfortunate things like whose current spouse/significant other can actually crack mirrors or turn one to stone with their gaze. Maybe I just had too many drink tickets cashed in. Or maybe I just had to have all those drinks to try and erase my memory so I could actually sleep at night. Played a few arcade games and then tried some of what was supposed to pass for food. I've had better pizza at Chuck E. Cheese's. And no, that was not a compliment to YOU, Chuck - you rat bastard! To think I drove out to BFE for this. Basically a Dave & Busters with more bowling. And laser tag. Probably a lot more fun if I had ankle biters in tow. Or if I was one. I was trying to become just like one again but couldn't drink fast enough. Maybe next time.
5	We booked our sons 5th birthday party here. Overall, the booking process was very easy from start to finish.  Flipside called a couple days before the party to confirm the number of people and amount of food needed. Everything was perfect and ready when we arrived the night of the party. The kids had a blast and many of the other parents who had never been to Flipside before were really impressed with how nice it was for a party.  I will definitely be going back to Flipside for birthday parties in the future.As a side note, I have been to Flipside several other times just to hang out with my little boy just for something to do in the evenings. The finishes inside are very nice and the staff does a great job keeping the place clean and safe . The food is really good and there is a little something to do for each age group.
5	Great place for a birthday party. We have been to several and my 7 year old had his here. The kids loved the play area and arcade. The also have bowling. Lots of fun. Would recommend for a party!
4	I have been here several times with my 8 year old son and his friends. I think its a great place to take kids and its very comfortable for adults, especially because they have Wifi connection and I usually take my laptop and sign on to it while keeping an eye on the kids. They also have a decent food area that includes things other than just pizza ! I really love this place , the only down side to it is I think the prices are way too high , especially the prices on the games.. Its easy to spend more than 100 dollars on 2 kids playing there for a few hours ( with OUT ) food.. so be prepared to have a nice time, but you are going to pay a high price for it ! :-)
2	So we had my son's birthday party there and have taken him to 3-4 other parties there over the past 2 years.Service:  Mostly high school kids with poor training and mostly marginal interest in customer service.  Can't say I've ever been impressed.  You'll run into a nice kid here and there, but most show little interest in customer satisfaction and it shows.Attractions:  Laser tag is by far the best feature here unless you're a bowler.  The laser maze is also fun but the throughput of kids is just way too slow for a group of any size to enjoy it much.  The arcade has some decent games but expect that the kids will run through about $15-$20/hour (each) on arcade games in there.  Bowling is good and they have kids bowling which is also cool for the little ones that want to try it.  The nerf ball room/maze/fort is also great for having the kids pass the time after they blow their arcade credits.Food:  Very meh to poor.  Pizza is only one notch above Peter Piper, and they burnt one of ours beyond recognition (now of course we returned it and they replaced it... but I can't believe they actually tried to give it to us in that condition).  Wicked expensive.  Pizza is passable for most kids from 4-11 (they know their demographic), but the parents will really be irritated they can't bring food in.  Price:  You can escape a function there for a slightly-more-than-reasonable price if you really do your homework and understand what you're really after and dig into their packages and plan things tightly.  If you just expect to go in, buy some passes, hang for a few hours and have everyone leave feeling satisfied, plan on spending A LOT (like $500 for a typical birthday party).  I'm not sure this is substantially different than other similar places, but I'll just say if we're going to drop that kind of coin, I'd be more inclined to fly to LA and go to Six Flags for a day... we can get three there, in a hotel, and through Six Flags for less than that.Tip:  If yo're willing to plan, strongly recommend the all-access passes... if you plan out properly, don't have too big of a group or break the larger group into a few smaller ones with an adult with each and keep all the kids together, you can squeeze in about $80-$90 (at regular prices) of stuff for about 1/3 of that.  If you don't plan and just let them go nuts, you'll find about 2 of them will get good value, a few will do OK, and the rest will be unhappy because somebody else did laser tag 10 times and they only did it twice.Net:  If you're in a pinch and can't come up with something better for a birthday or similar function for a kid 4 - 11, it's a fair possibility.  Just expect to either spend a good chunk of time digging into the options and planning or plan on spending ~$50/kid when it's all done.  If you do one of those, the kids will leave feeling good and saying they had a great time... you'll just feel like you left and got kicked in the wallet.  I'm on the fence between 2 and 3 stars, but I just feel like the effort isn't there on the ownership's part to warrant 3.  There are too many things that could be fixed by minimally better supervision and training of the employees.  With the value for the service, 3 would be as high as I'd ever go for this place unless they really improved their food quality and made the average cost/child more reasonable. I just really struggle with the value proposition here.
4	Family fun (arcade, laser tag, bowling, mini bowling), snacks, meals, dessert, adult beverages. Can host private parties.  The 3 hr activity card is best deal, plus load arcade $ onto it. Adult bowling separate. Would return again.
3	I have been here 3 times now, once for a birthday party, other 2 times for fun with the kids. The food is not great, i have had nothing that I would want again from here. My sons loved it tho and i felt safe letting my kids run around and play. It is a bit pricey, but when you have boys you will pay anything to keep them happy. Best part for us adults is the fact that they have kiltlifter on tap ha ha!
3	Management has shown excellent customer service.
