4	This place manages to suck me in and beg me to throw away my money on the cutest and most not useful crap around.  It works every time.  The people who own this place are geniuses.
5	Pop D. is one of those "I totally don't need this at all, but I want it SOOOO bad" type of stores.  A guilty pleasure, a sin to be sure.  Great for laugh out loud funny cards, unique gifts, out of the ordinary office supplies, and they have a Hello Kitty photo sticker machine!  I get my best coffee table books here - they have a very unique selection of stationary and, well, everything!  They even have a vending machine upstairs that sells small works of art!  On top of it all, the staff is friendly and helpful.  Such a unique and fun store.
5	Like having our own little MoMA on State Street! I'm addicted to the inventive, original merchandise. Definitely the gen-X/Y gift-shopper's classier alternative to Archie McFee -you'll find less cheap plastic crap and instead books, toys, bags, clocks, dishes, office supplies, cards, gifts, and gadgets aimed towards the more cerebral of pop-culturists. Great for shopping; fantastic for browsing. It feels like you're in a gift shop run by the spawn of MacGuyver and Yoshitoma Nara.
5	This is one of my favorite stores, ever ever ever! Everything there is amazing and fun and wonderful! No, most of the stuff isn't the most useful, but it's useful in that way where it can make you feel happy. I miss Pop Deluxe so hard, especially their wide variety of Cram Cream products.
5	Fun store for something for everyone including your pets! Pop Deluxe mixes high-end design products with inexpensive toys, trinkets, and everyday functional objects perfect for your home or office.  There's so much to see, and the constantly changing products mean you have to visit and visit often.  But trust me, you'll want to!
5	Excellent selection of eccentric gifts and unnecessary personal indulgences, from Lotta Jansdotter stationary to Small Things Designs silver jewelry to the odd light-up piglet keychain.
3	A good place to stop for a quick gift or house-warming present.  Clever little items that really don't serve that much of a need (or serve some need poorly), the staff is pretty helpful.My major complaint is that the store is tiny and tightly laid out.  If you're not the only customer in there, it's a major head ache.
5	I love this store.  So much stuff I never knew I needed but I just do.  Creative and fun stuff.  I get lost in here.  Bought the cutest coasters that my dog loves to eat when I leave her home alone too long.  Tons of books, home decor, handbags, toys, etc.  Lots of great things for gifts.
4	so much stuff!
3	I feel like Pop Deluxe is like buying an album of a band you want to like so bad, but when you listen to it, there's only like one song that's any good.When Pop Deluxe first opened, it opened in place of the Sci-fi bookstore (which I kind of miss) and it was pretty cool.  They had the old hello kitty sticker machine from the Puzzlebox, and sold a lot of cute Japanese stuff like coin purses and Yoshitomo Nara stuff.  The place has gotten a lot more bourgie since then.  Just a lot of stupid stuff that it's sort of fun to look at in a store that's crammed beyond it's capacity with stuff, but you wouldn't actually buy.I don't know, I like to look around once in awhile, but I rarely buy anything here.
4	I friggin' love this store.  It's the best place to buy funny greeting cards, hands down.  Such as, "Happy birthday, you bastard."  And on the inside it reads, "Seriously, though.  You're a bastard."  Ahahaha!  Hooray!  :D  I can peruse the items in this store for a long time.  Yet, I never buy anything other than greeting cards, because it's all a) stuff I don't need, and b) a smidgen too expensive.  That's the only reason it gets 4 stars and not 5.
3	Eh. Just eh.I mean, sure it's filled with awesome stuff, but when the awesomeness comes at top dollar it's not really that awesome anymore. If you need a gift for someone and can't figure out what to get them and you want something "different," Pop Deluxe is a good place to look. Where else in Madison can you buy a yodeling pickle or a remote control zombie?And I totally just typed "poop" instead of "pop" TWICE. Sorry.
4	This place is expensive - ok, we got that out of the way. A trip to Pop Deluxe is always good for getting gift ideas, DIY ideas or just to have a good laugh.  You can find all sorts of cute stuff for your house, fun watches, cards, books, bags, toys ... nothing essential for life.  Last time I was in there, I was laughing about some funny wind-up toys when I knocked over a display of books - come to find that all the books that ended up on the floor were copies of "What's Your Poo Telling You?"  Needless to say, more laughter (and informative reading) ensued.
4	One of my favorite places to go to for thoughtful, original gifts--it is however a little on the pricier side but still worth a visit for a special find.  Word of advice--leave the bulky bags and kids at home--tight space and fragile items call for disaster.
5	Great store. Whoever is their merchandise buyer, s/he and I have very similar taste. You can find something at this store for the person who is usually hard to buy for- the person who has everything. They carry some of my favorites like Tepper Jackson, Orla Keily, Wry Baby, Jane Jenni, Knock Knock, MikWright cards, etc.But folks are right, the place isn't cheap, so if you get a couple of things (which is really easy to do) you can run up a bit of a bill.And the place is usually pretty packed with goodies and customers, so please leave your strollers, walkers, hovercraft outside.
5	I would seriously make out with whomever buys merchandise for this store.Free make out is not to be taken lightly!!The Pantone Mugs, the Aviary Plates, The eco-messenger bags, the toys and cards and random assortment of goodness.  All of this, topped with the friendliest staff make this a destination place for my sister whenever she finds herself in Madison.Why Pops holds a place in my heart though is this is where I discovered the Art-O-Mat machine.  Oh dear Art-O-Mat you are brilliant in so many ways.For $5 you get a token at the register.  Bring it to the refurbished cigarette machine upstairs, pick a lever, insert token and pull.Out will come a block o' art, roughly the size of a pack of cigarettes.  A portion of your well spent $5 goes to the artist who produced your block, a portion goes to the brilliant dude who maintains these machines and the store gets a portion to donate to a charity of their choosing.And if that ain't special, I don't know what is.
5	Pop Deluxe is my go-to place for gifts.  I take great pride in giving people things other than gift cards, and this is the place to find gifts that will make the recipient smile.  I purchased a baby kimono for a friend's shower, and everyone was asking me where I got it.  It was about $25, which is a little pricey, but worth every penny.   I also love the newborn onesies with cute sayings on them, and the line of melamie plates, bowls and cups with adorable artwork on them.  The selection of greeting cards is terrific, and so is the selection of unique bags and watches.  If you are out of gift ideas for someone, this is the place to go.  I know that some reviewers find it too pricey, but to shop at a local store, I expect a slight premium for great selection, friendly staff and an easy shopping experience.  Buy local!
4	I little overcrowded but this place had the best stuff. I wanted to buy the whole Built NY collection. I did get a super cute bottle opener.
4	Pop Deluxe is this small store on State Street that has some of the best office supplies.  If you're looking to spruce up your office and cubicle this is a place worth checking out.  Their stuff is unique and their prices are reasonable (they even have a website!)  I ended up walking out with a memo pad/mouse pad, some offensive pens, and some other cool office supplies.  I didn't notice their website until after I left but I'll definitely be dropping by next time I'm in Madison!
3	Such a great place, amazing inventory. Unfortunately, I've never bought anything because it's so expensive. But I do like to go and just look. :)
3	Cute store with a lot of knick knacks. Usually I can pick up quite a few of those for no apparent reason, but I didn't find anything I couldn't live without here. Perhaps I was tired of shopping? That seems unlikely. Not sure what it was, but this store was adorable, I just couldn't justify buying anything... And if I can't buy something then who does?Hopefully you'll have more luck boosting the economy at Pop Deluxe then I did!
5	Awesome pop culture gifts and knick knacks. Bizarre children's toys, office supplies, beautiful watches, a great camera / lomography section... prices are reasonable for this sort of place. I bought a talking robotic head that tells the time. It's hard to say what you'll find here, but it's wonderful.
5	if you or your loved ones have an off-kilter sense of humor, this is a great place to find gifts for everyone. i got my brother a unicorn vs. narwhal playset for christmas here. (i'm not kidding, and he loved it.) they also have quirky baby stuff and coffee table books, in addition to some really well-designed watches/jewelry/housewares kinda stuff. and yeah, like everyone has noted, it's not cheap. but can you find this stuff anywhere else in town? no. so quit yer bitching.
5	How can you walk in to this store and not buy anything?Everyone is jealous of my little tiny red plastic tulip flower box gardenwhich are usb ports. Useful handy and quirky gifts. They sell the awesome and wonderful HOLGA camera there. You cannot get just those anywhere you know!Oh and go upstairs and check out the very artsy Art-O-Maticvending Machine with the art in it! Real art under 10 dollars and great for your cubicle!Here is the link few places all over the U.S. have them go check it out!http://www.artomat.org/home.htmlI really like their wrapping paper I have used it again in my cubicle as wallpaper only I stapled it up.. Great prints to be seen no where else.
5	Favorite random store in MadisonThe small store is full of as many random office, kitchen, and entertainment trinkets as possible.  They have unique wine bottle openers and holders, oven mits, plenty of plant related things, notepads, books, gift wrap, luggage tags, cards, dishes, watches, laptop cases ($35-$50), you name it.  There's so much to see in this store!  Things there seem a little overpriced to me, but it's all so cute I don't know how you can resist it.  Best gift shop downtown
3	Pretty dope place for gifts. Pretty tiny space which makes shopping for a gift after work or on the weekend fairly frustrating. But none the less, if you want to get a more unpredictable type of gift and you're in Madison you should stop here
5	Looooooove this place! Excellent place to find unique and fun gifts for the hard-to-buy-for people in your life. A must stop whenever I'm in Madison.
2	This is another store that is so dated. There is nothing unique at all about this store. In fact, the majority of the items in there could be found in Urban Outfitters. The store is dated, its contents are boring and juvenile. Fake vomit and fart books? Time is certainly passing Madison, WI by.
4	Every time I go downtown i GO HERE!!!  LUV IT AND SO DOES MY FAMILY!  DIFFERENT FUN AND FOR ALL AGES
4	Pop Deluxe is a lot of fun to look around in, and it has many amusing items that would work well as gifts, particularly gag gifts. Some things seem overpriced, but everything is quirky and fun, and just might be worth a little splurge.
5	This shop has such a nice range of stuff, from kitchen implements, to books, to funny office supplies, etc. I bought robot cupcake holders that were too cute to pass up and a couple gag gifts for a co-worker. I could look in here for a long time because they have so much to see. Things are on the pricey side but not too bad.
4	Small, yet awesome. This is my go-to store on State Street when I'm looking for a gift for someone that's difficult to buy for... Pop Deluxe just has so many interesting, colorful, and useful gifts. The card selection is particularly good - great place for pretty, handmade cards as well as a few that are snarky and a little bit less than sincere. It's not difficult to find something unique, which I really love.
4	Great place to find unique gifts. It's hard to leave without buying something. For example, I stopped in one day to browse and came across an Atahualpa Bottle Stopper (as seen here: http://www.kikkerland.com/products/atahualpa-bottle-stop/). Did I need an Atahualpa Bottle Stopper? Of course I did and Pop Deluxe knew it!
5	Such a neat place to visit! Great gifts!
4	This store was a hipster before being a hipster was hip. And I love it all the same. A fun little hodge podge of quirkiness. Homegoods, decor, baby gifts, art, Lomo stuff - a little of everything for the modern connoisseur of kitsch. Prices are a bit high, but it's an independent store. And that makes me a bit happier to support it than I might otherwise be for the price. They're also always really friendly even if I just have a wander through and don't buy anything.
4	This place is wonderful, but I feel so bad for the owners having to close their State Street store. I hope they continue to bring in customers with their online store.
