1	Apparently the appliance tech that came out from "A Quality" belongs to the "blame the victim" school of appliance repair.  He came because the dishwasher was making a loud whining sound that couldn't be good. Sounds like the motor could be going.   So he cleaned out some debris, noted on the repair ticket that debris needed to be cleaned and because there was no mechanical failure it was not covered under any warranty.  Thanks.  I'm sure I could have reached in and pulled out the odd strand of spinach and other detritus (I always wanted to use that word in a review!) like I normally do every week or so.  Thanks for helping yourself to the veggie scrubber and using it to clean a part.  You can go ahead and throw it away when you are done with it next time.  Oh, wait, there won't be a next time for "A-Quality" will there?  By the way, the dishwasher still whines, only now it's louder.
4	My heat pump wasn't working and the home warranty company sent out Mark from A Quality. Although he didn't have the part in stock he searched and found it & was able to complete the work that same day. He was very concerned with getting our heat back on and I was very pleased with his work. I'm glad that I got A Quality to come out!
5	A-Quality has been out to my house twice. Rob for an A\C issue and Nick for an appliance issue. I couldn't be happier with the service they provided. I will continue to use them in the future. Thanks guys!
5	Mark came to my house because my heat pump wasn't working. He needed a part he didn't have in stock & couldn't find, he said it would be 2-3 days. Because the temperature had dropping into the 30s with a high below 60 he went above & beyond to track down the part that day. He came back in the late afternoon & got the unit up & running. I'm very happy with the effort & the result.
4	If you are looking for an honest repair company, I highly recommend A-Quality. I had an issue with a leak in the coil. I had one company come out that told me I needed a new coil installed and even recommended that I put in a new unit. I was told that the coil could not be repaired. I called Mark from A-Quality for a second opinion. Not only was he was able to repair the coil, he saved me $1,600 ( the difference from the first quote and what A-Quality charged for the repair). Mark could have told me the same story the first company did, and made a lot more money, but he didn't! Sometimes we just take what the repair company says and believe what they tell us. We never know for sure if what we are told is the truth. I know that A-Quality will give you an honest opinion and do only the work that is necessary! Thanks for being upfront and honest!
1	This company seems to use the blame the warranty company for any bad reviews. Lets just say we'll just pass the buck because we don't make money on warranty companies. We can't pad enough money into the cost of the unit to go by the manufactures warranty. We had had our air conditioner go out in November in Arizona which everybody knows that's about the last time you will use it until June July for me I like it hot so until its110 the air doesn't come on. I turn on the air for the first time this month I went to take the garbage out and heard a noise from the fan that does not sound normal. I called A quality refrigeration as they were the ones that installed the unit through the warranty company. They said they do not carry the warranty on the unit that the warranty company does and that they would not come out and look at it under the warranty even though it has a 5 year warranty I called the Home warranty company and they said the warranty is transferred to A quality refrigeration and they should be able to take care of any repairs under that warranty. I called A quality refrigeration told them the noise I was hearing. They said sorry we can't help you there is no warranty on that unit and it's a cheap piece of crap because it comes from the warranty company I would've been better I've cashing out and upgrading to a different unit. If I would like them to come out and look at it there would be a service charge and possibly parts. Call the warranty company and they said they could put in a new ticket to have them come out and look at it but it would cost me also a service charge even though this system is under warranty for 5 years sounds like both companies are just passing the buck. I'm sorry but I work for a company that would stand behind its work no matter what and if somebody calls for any reason that is under warranty on anything we would be there to look at it and covered under the warranty unless it was damaged or broken by someone else. The worst customer service I've ever had. I would rather pay another company to just come out and look at it I guess I hold the warranty because it's under a manufacturer's warranty so I guess I will just have to go through the manufacture. I would not recommend using this company for anything.
1	If I could give them a zero I would.  Never let them come to your house for a home warrarnty service call.    They advised us the 12 year old air conditioning unit on our house was inproperly installed when the condensation line was actually leaking into our house.  Even thought the A/C was installed to CODE.  Not only causing the warrently company to deny our claim but also voito Exclude any future work to our unit.   Luckliy my husband is a tradesman and told the warrently company it could not possibly be to that considering the age of the unit and there has never been prior damage to the walls.  A second company came out, confirmed the lines were clogged and also that the lines for primary and secondary drainage needed to be switched.  He corrected and called the Insruance comapny so we should be able to get other items covered in the future.   I think A-Quality is getting paid extra to exclude the A/C from your home warratnty's  THEY SUCK!
5	I had to leave this review... they are great to work with...Mark is always willing to go above and beyond!  Every client they have serviced that I send them are very pleased!
