5	"Ode to Circle K"(Author's note: I feel obligated to give this business 5 stars given that I am exalting it in an ode.)You're the kind of place I hate to likeWith your dingy, shady lurkeesThough I seek you out and make the hikeFor a cold, refreshing slurpee.When someone calls and says your nameI leap and grab my purseThen stop, and make my withdrawal tameTo avoid overspending, thievery ... or worse!You always have just what I desirein a chocolate or caffeine crisisBut it doesn't help me think you higherThat your staff often doesn't know your prices!And there's so many things I've learned about the world(Like the early-afternoon 24-pack)In my youth I swear my toes would have curledAt the sight of - "Ooh, look! The candy sale rack!"
5	Review Update: Circle K is in the process of being remodeled. New flooring, new countertops, walk-in beer fridge ... Once the remodel is complete, I will construct my next poetic masterpiece.
2	I hate that this Circle K is so conveniently located to my house and so close to the freeway, but it is quite possibly the most inconvenient store to visit. I don't know if it's the layout of the parking lot/driveways, the fact that there are only 4 gas pumps, or what, but there seems to ALWAYS be a huge mess of cars and very rude people all trying to pile over each other. Other than the parking situation, this is a safe and clean convenient store with friendly clerks who try to run things as smoothly as possible while forcing a smile.
2	Most of the employees here are quick, friendly, and efficient! But this Circle K is TOO SMALL for the location it's in! Four gas pumps in a tiny lot right next to the freeway?? CMON!! And there are one or two employees that are... slower/older.. and somehow they manage to get scheduled during some pretty busy hours, resulting in a line all the way to the back of the store. I love the convenience of the location, but most days I'll drive right by this one to hit the one right up the road!
2	The gas prices at this Circle K are always on the cheaper side (at least as far as gas is concerned).  It's also conveniently located on the way to downtown Phoenix, just south of the I-10, to and from my way to work.  But, the layout of the parking lot makes this one of the most inconvenient gas stations to fill up at.First problem;  There's only four pumps, all of which are located in the corner of the lot.  If there's one car using the pumps on either side, it's a major challenge to drive around them.  If the only free pump is facing the wrong way for your gas tank, maneuvering around the parking lot to face the right way is also a tough challenge.  Plus, on at least one occasion, another driver swooped in and stole my pump while I was trying to do this.  You really have to get lucky, or make some very quick decisions about how to enter the gas station while you're driving towards it.Second problem;  The tiny parking lot.  I understand that space is limited, but between the gas situation, and people trying to pick up a drink or a snack from the shop, just driving to a parking space can be a headache.Third problem;  Ghetto.  I'm a 32 year old man and I am uncomfortable stopping by this Circle K when the sun is not out.  The location is being renovated, but that doesn't change the fact that there are a lot of seedy people hanging around this part of town.
1	This place blows. They never have shit & what little they do have is expensive. If it wasn't the ONLY place within walking distance I'd never come to this Shithole. They need to put an AM/PM or a QT around this motherfucker! At least the cashiers are nice.
