4	Positive: It was a great experience. We got out, had fun, and got dirty. All my friends are saying they'd do it again. Negative: I know they couldn't help it, but I wasn't a fan of the RAIN. It was wet and muddy; in certain parts the water was past my ankles. I'm pretty sure my shoes are completely ruined.
3	This turned out to be a fairly dangerous run.  Unlike other 5ks I've participated in, the walkers and runners weren't kept separate.  I saw a small child get trampled by a runner.  I saw another runner almost get hit by a car because he was running outside of the course to get around the large groups of walkers.  I personally had to weave in and out of groups of walkers who refused to yield the right of way, and most of the time ran off track in the mud because the walkers wouldn't share the sidewalk.  Someone should have been monitoring the track.The run itself is a fun idea,  (although the paint doesn't wash off like the web site says it will) and I wasn't bothered by the rain.  Had a good time with my friends, and scored a fairly decent time despite the walkers, the deep puddles, and the mud.
4	This was my second time to be doused in color while wearing white. However, one in my group of four decided that it would be cute to run in official Color Run tutus to my dismay. So not only was it raining "cats and dogs" outside and 50-something degrees, my friends and I looked either ridiculous or super cute depending on the on looker with Color Run socks and tutus. I didn't care though. We were out there to have fun, and that's all that mattered. Despite the freakishly crazy weather, very similar to the rain I experienced while running in Portland, Oregon, we all thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.I felt like there was much more color involved than in the Color Me Rad run. I honestly thought the event would be canceled due to the extra heavy rain, but kudos to The Color Run peeps for hanging in there, and enthusiastically throwing dyed cornstarch in our faces as we ran 3 miles.I'd like to use the word "run" lightly, because the run, despite the different run start times, still ended up being a "cluster_ _ _ _" for lack of better words. I agree that this is a "fun" run so what are us "serious runners" doing weaving through groups of walkers? It was really cold! We just wanted to run and get it over with! The trail was so cramped up by the end that we were forced to run on the hilly wet grass to get around people. It was pretty slippery between running on the wet grass, the sidewalk, the mud, and through sidewalk puddles. There was an element of "slight danger" involved as another reviewer said. Will I do this again? Heck yeah! I have allergies too, so the rain kind of helped keep the color cloud at bay and instead of inhaling everything, the color stayed glued to my skin instead. We certainly felt and looked ridiculous at the end but inspite of the weather and mess, it was fun! I definitely recommend this run to people, the original Color Run!
2	Color Run is supposed to be the Happiest run however with the rain, it was cold and wet! Runners and walkers were not separated nor was it told in the beginning about etiquette. This was not a great set up for walkers and runners.   I couldn't run since my shoes were filled with water.  Without knowing it, the blue zone was basically a lake and the individuals at the zones really didn't seem happy.  The music was odd and not very motivating.  Great idea, bad execution even in the rain.   I hope the charities received the funds from the run, that's the purpose and the goal.
1	I paid $35 to participate on a team for this run. When I signed up the date was scheduled for Jan 12. I then scheduled a baby shower for Jan 26 making sure to avoid double scheduling. The date must have changed to Jan 26. Okay so I could live with that. I thought I will go pick up my tee shirt any way. I received no race information from the event planners, no instructions where to pick up my race packet. Then I wrote to the event planners to share the same frustrations as above - never heard back. No more Color Run for this Tempe AZ girl.
5	It cracks me up to see people complain about having to "run" in a 5k (because they wanted to walk) or to have to battle the elements. That's why these things say "Rain or Shine" - they really mean it. My group and I had a blast! The weather was cold, the rain didn't seem to want to stop, but the volunteers and coordinators kept the energy up regardless. There was TONS of color to go around, every station got you doused (if you wanted) and they were more than generous with "extra" color if you asked. At the end the concert and after party were fantastic. The music was great and the energy even better. After having done several other similar events, I would have to say this was by far the best. Well organized, and fun, what more do you want?
5	To all the folks who did the Color Run in 2013, I hope you decided to come back for 2014, because the weather was spectacular. The race kicked off from Tempe Beach Park around 8am, dispersing runners in waves in order to avoid a crowded course. Huffing and puffing along the first mile, you get your first taste of "color." This cornstarch food colored blend is hurled at you as you pass through various zones along the track. Why is this fun? Because you finish the race looking like you went through some kind of Willy Wonka inspired color factory. Be sure to wear white and take a "before" picture.The Color Run is along a quick and easy 5k route in Tempe which finishes back in TBP for a concert that boasts even more opportunities for color to devour you. I highly recommend for first time runners. Lots of walkers too and people ready to have fun at an awesome outdoor event!
5	Tons of fun!!  Great organization, lots of super cute signage and announcers made it feel really festive, and it really brought out tons of cute costumes.  The run was a 5K, so short and fun, with a conspicuous absence of serious runners.  In fact, those of us who aren't super speedy had to do a lot of zig-zagging because tons of people were walking and totally not observing walking etiquette and staying to one side.  If you're trying to beat your best time, this isn't a great race for you.As we ran, there were multiple areas, each with its own color, where volunteers stood in lines and did their best to get you good and powdered.  This was super fun, even if it was a little hard to breathe  just after those areas from all the color powder in the air.There were plenty of water stations and bathrooms, and the run ended under a bunch of arches of color and fun.  There was a huge bandstand with great music and an enthusiastc emcee, and the atmosphere was just excellent.  They even had an area where you could buy color run gear.  The swag was really nice: cute tee-shirts that are made of really nice material (something I'll actually wear!), colorful temporary tattoos, nice big reusable bags, plus a sweat band and your very own packet of color at the finish.My friends and I had tons of fun!!  I can't wait to do this again next year!!
4	Historically I am very much a non-runner, so these fun runs are perfect for me to get out there and do some jogging without the pressure of a serious race.  Even though I planned some walking time, I was surprised to find myself passing several people.  There were indeed a lot of folks moseying through, enjoying conversation and the sun more than running.  I do agree with previous reviews- this is not the race to push yourself or run for time!I ran the fastest through the color zones.  It's a precarious balance between getting covered in the bright powder (the whole point of this, right??) and avoiding inhaling too much.  Those entire sections of the course were thick with cornstarch settled in the air.  We were assured it's safe to get in any and all of your orifices, but not entirely comfortable or tasty.At the end was an after party to celebrate with fellow runners and throw more color powder on each other.  There's definitely a lot of camaraderie that comes with completing this kind of event, which is really cool.  Everybody seemed to be having a great time.  I would definitely do it again!
