3	I don't know that I would have gotten oil changes for a few years if it hadn't been for this place.  One stop shopping for getting an oil change and car wash - and there's a Wendy's right next door to grab some grub while they mess with the car.  They've expanded their offerings recently and now they do things from replacing your headlights to changing out belts.  My last trip there was an oil change, new air filter and car wash for $47 after tax.  They also do a basic car wash from $3.99 and a super was from $7.99.  I've never gotten anything but the basic, and I always find things they missed so while I'm not too impressed with their quality, it's nice to have the basics all taken care of in one location. They have 48 hour guarantees on the washes, which is nice and when you get work done it always includes a "limited time" coupon for additional work.  Not a bad deal...
4	Decent wash, generally pretty quick. Used to be Octopus Car Wash. Has lube and detail center, although I have never used that service. One of the better wash places- way better than Danny's for sure..
4	This is where I go to get my car washed.  They do a good job, it's never a long wait and the prices are good.  The guys are always super nice to me.  Every time I've gone, I've gotten some kind of random discount.  I agree with the other reviewers.  Way better than Danny's.
2	The car was a Prius by Toyota...One of those electrical / mechanical hybrids that require a NASA Certification License to operate!  I left the car there to have it oil & lubed, then a wash.  I was told it would be about approximately an hour or so before it would be ready.  So off I went to do some errands in the vicinity.  When I got back, I found that the car wash left the door open and that the vehicle wouldn't start...To my surprise all power was dead and it didn't have the power to turn on a flashlight!  It took a friend of mine to arrive with a pair of jumper cables and some patience as we had to slowly re-charge the battery and for the electronics on board to realize the charge.  After about an extra hours delay, I was able to re-start the car and drive off.  The car wash waived its' charges, but I was still a bit torqued of the situation because of the incompetence of the staff about the new hybrid automobiles(they shouldn't accept vehicles they are unfamiliar with!). .----I give them two stars for cleaning my tires and for draining my batteries.
1	I took my car here for an advertised basic wash $8.99, I drive a 98 Jetta k2 model. Once I pull in they tell me they have to hand wash my car because I have a rack on top. Puzzled, because I have taken this car toDanny's, Olivia's and numerous other auto car washes and never had a problem, I inquire further. They then explain that my rack isn't factory so the hand wash will be $24.99.. Not factory? I ask.. the rack came with the car, it's a k2 model..That was the big selling point of these cars 10 years ago.. The guy continues to argue with me in a pretty hostile tone so I decide to go somewhere else. I drive less than 2 miles away and see another auto car wash, I pull in they give my ticket and wash my car in the machine for $11.99. I give Simoniz 1 star for having no idea what they are talking about and being rude in their ignorance.
1	Every time I've been here, there is a problem. Today, I dropped my car off for an oil change and wash and asked them to call me when it was done. Two hours later (one hour at most was promised) I figured it should be done so I went to pick it up. I got there and payed with no event. It was when I drove down the street that I noticed the car hadn't even been washed! I returned and they said I needed to sign off on a waiver due to a loose piece of plastic under my bumper--no biggie but how was I supposed to know?!  In general, they don't embue trust to me and don't really seem to know what they're doing. The manager explained that I needed to sign the waiver PRIOR to them washing my car. So here I sit waiting while they wash my car, yet still haven't signed said waiver?????  Told you, lots of excuses and false promises. I don't even trust they completed the services they signed off on.
4	How excited can you get about a car wash joint? Well, not very! Yet, this place does a good job for $8.99. They're pretty thorough, includes vacuuming, and it looked like they sprayed some waxey stuff on my Wifey's black, Honda CRV... Looks great! They have a lovely inventory of greeting cards as well.
4	On my first visit to Simoniz I was given the best wash for the cheapest wash price. This is pretty much the only time being a chick has paid off for me in a financial way. Except that time I hooked in Vegas. Unfortunately, each subsequent time I have gone I have paid full price. Bummmmer! Good washes, good oil changes, reasonable prices, comfy waiting area.... I'll be back as soon as soon as my windshield is so dirty I can't see out if it anymore.
4	They did a good job, not perfect, but I haven't found a car wash that is.  Staff was friendly and they were speedy enough.  Average prices.
1	They could not do an oil change on a 2010 Kia Sedona - no oil filter in spite of the two auto parts store in the same block. Friendly, but do some problem solving guys?
4	I first moved to the Arcadia area of Phoenix with a buddy.  When it was time for a car wash, he suggested to go to Simoniz.  They have very reasonable rates, so I said, why not.  I usually go for the hand wash because of the electrical system of my car that is sensitive to automatic car washes.  No matter how hot or cold it is, the employees here do a tremendous job.  I have to remember there was one time I drove from LA to Phoenix, and my car had so many bugs splattered on my front side of the car.  It was 105 degrees outside, but the guy worked on it very carefully and diligently.  I have moved to South Scottsdale, about 10 minutes away now.  I bypass several car wash places within close proximity to visit Simoniz.  A couple other perks are their stamp cards and biannual sales.  If you get 10 stamps, you get a free car wash.  The sales include packages of buying several car washes for half the price of the normal car wash.I just came from there right now, and my car is smelling great!
1	I decided to go and get my truck washed on Saturday at Simoniz.  First  professional carwash it has had in about 2 years.  For $5 you get a basic wash and towel dry. No vacuuming done. Most of the other Wash-n-Go places let you vacuume your vehicle, but I'd rather have my vehicle towel dried. I pull in and the assistant manager says their having a special $29.99 detail (which includes their $19.99 deluxe wash). We talk for a few minutes and I state I don't want the armerol or air freshener or any of that stuff done to the inside of the truck. I just wanted the seat vacuumed. He said he will do the deluxe wash and shampoo the seats (which requires a wet vac that sucks out 90% of the water.) for $29.99. I ask how long all of this will take and am told 25-30minutes, tops. SOLD! My truck is 15 years old and has 15 years work of grime in the cloth seats. I walk inside and watch them pull my truck up to the ramp thing. Then watch it go through the wash, making sure all the special lights go one for the different treatments. I proceed to head on down the the cashier and pay. $29.99 on the card. Apparently, I got a pretty good deal because the cashier said, "WOW!"   I know how to deal...whatever.I make my way outside, pull up a chair to the table out there, and watch my truck pulled around to the detail area. I wanted to keep an eye on things. I was pretty much staring at my truck the whole time. My truck proceeds to sit for about 15 minutes before anyone begins on the detail. 45 minutes later, my truck is "done". I first inspect the outside of the truck. I notice there is still some soot on the tailgate from when we went camping last. I ask him to clean it off. He wipes his finger over it as if it was damage. Then notices that its not, and wipes it off with a cleaner. I open up the passenger side door and have a look in. I notice that the seats still look a little dingy and the area between the driver and passenger side wasn't even touched. I point this out to the guy who was doing the detail work. He says sorry for missing it and proceeds to use some cleaning (degreaser) solution and rub it out. I immediately say, "I was told that the seats would be shampooed and then a majority of the water vacuumed out. Was that not done?" And he couldn't lie stating he used the wet vac, because I never saw anything of that type rolled over to the truck. The guy tells me that that process would take a lot longer. UM HELLO...I FLIPPIN WANT WHAT I PAID FOR!!! I don't give a sh*t if you have to take the time to do the job correctly. I refrained from saying that though. The detail guy goes and gets the assistant manager and brings him back and the asst. manager asks if everything is okay. HELL NO. Things are not okay! After explaining what the (Fail to) detail guy did, the asst. mgr apologized and proceeded to get another detail guy on the job. Just because I was pissed, I decided to talk to the manager too. He said, he'd make sure everything was done over again and correct. LIKE IT SHOULD HAVE BEEN DONE THE FIRST TIME AROUND! Time at Car Wash now - 1hr Frankie did an awesome job on detailing my truck. He wanted me to inspect both the outside and inside before leaving. Everything looked fantastic!! I had wished Frankie would have done the detailing the first time around. The manager gives me a free wash but only after I asked for some form of compensation. Time at Car Wash now - 1hr 40mins I get into the truck to leave and grab for my key. Hmm... Its not in the ignition. I holler over to Frankie a car away and ask if he'd seen my key. He walks over and says, "Its not in the ignition??" I bit my tongue as a "Here's your sign" comment was nano seconds from leaving my mouth. My key is officially MIA. I wasn't about to say, oh its just the spare...dont worry about it. HELL NO! I have a habit of locking my keys in my truck, so I need the spare!! Next thing I know, I have 6 guys around my truck looking for my key. This is the WORST possible thing that could have happened after the failed shampoo seats incident. I was LIVID and everyone within ear shot knew it.Finally my key is located. The person who drove it from the line to the detail area put it in the cupholder. Why would someone remove the key from the ignition!? Why not just leave it there? The other assistant manager is one of the guys looking for my key. After it is found, he apologizes and gives me a book of washes and a free hand wax. Says that from now on to ask for him personally when I come in and he'll make I'm taken care of when there. "Warren" is all clean and shiny, but with the hassle that I went through...I don't even know if I want to use the free washes/wax. Time at Car Wash - 2hrs
1	This car wash is terrible, we paid for the works, they did not wipe the interior down. They left dirty spots all over the car the windows were not wiped down inside. To top it all off they never told us our car was done and left it sitting in the sun, it was like an oven when we got in. On the whole a really lousy job. Left no tip and would certainly not recommend.
4	8.99 full service car wash.  A bargain price and a great wash.  Buy the 5 pack of washes and it is even cheaper.  Inside is vacuumed and outside is great.
4	My thoughts on this place could fill a book. I like having my oil changed and car washed. Like a spring renewal no matter the time of year. Sometimes I feel like the stuff they tell me about my car is legit. Sometimes I feel like it's not. For instance, the passenger compartment air filter. They were totally right that it needed replacing. I was not all flattered by the $49 cost. I went on Amazon while I was there and bought two for $14.99. And then I went to youtube to find out how to replace it. That sort of thing. For what they do, they do really well. For what they SELL, well, they're not a not for profit.
5	I took the White Knight (my Rav4) here on a Wednesday and got the $8.99 wash and interior vacuum. My only complaint is that they neglected to clean the bottom edge (under the doors) all around. I got home and had to wipe off the tar myself. Everything else went smoothly...fast service, little waiting, car (most of it) clean and shiney.Thursday night it rained and the White Knight was a mess again. I brought "him" back in and they rewashed and vacuumed at no charge because they have a 48 hour rain/rewash policy. I love that!I'll be back.
1	Would prefer to have my face gnawed off by rats than go here again. Quite possibly the worst experience of my life. Pulled in at 1058 told them I wanted everything, hand wash, wax, the works but I was on my way out of town so in a bit of a rush manager asked me if 30 minutes was ok I said yeah. 30 minutes later I went to check and found they hadn't started yet!! I got in my truck and left stopping out front for a refund.
5	Its kind of weird to review a car wash...especially since I generally get the $5 deal. These guys are always quick and easy and the attendants are nice. Its right down the street so I can't really complain about anything. I'm not sure about other services but I would definitely go back to get some if I needed it.
2	This is one of those in-between ratings. It's better than "Meh. I've experienced better" and worse than "a-OK"It's a convenient location for me, and it's easy one-stop shopping for oil changes and car washes. They also have a nice punch card system.But you have to be INCREDIBLY careful here. Their whole game is the upsale. They aren't making money of $25 oil changes and $5 car washes. Their entire goal is to find something wrong with your car and charge you bloated prices for the repair. For example, your transmission fluid may be fine. They will tell you need a transmission flush. They will notice a wiper blade that might be cracked, and they will charge you double the price of what you can get a blade for across the street at Autozone. I know enough about cars to not get sucked in, but I'm sure others have fallen  victim to this.And while we're on the subject ... it's really wrong the way repair shops play this game. They have really given their industry a horrible name by preying on people's fear of breaking down on the side of the road to upsale repairs that are often unnecessary.  Sorry for the rant, but I thought it was relevant here.
