3	The way I'm drawn to corndogs is magnetic. Is this a good thing? A bad thing? Perhaps just a thing? I don't know, but since I think a corn dog is just a hot dog wrapped in a delicious sweater it makes me happy.Big Hurt's happens to sell corndogs very late into the evening, which is good for late night munchies. They also sell fries that are too salty, unless you really like a lot of salt in which case they might just be good. And, wait for it, cheeseburgers on donuts instead of buns. So, in case all the gambling and drinking doesn't kill you, they've got you covered.
2	I was attracted to this food truck because it had a lot of different things on their menu. I didn't feel like splurging too much on lunch so anything quick will do. I ordered a corndog and it was meh. The corn batter was good but the dog part was weirdddddd. It had a weird squishy mushy texture to it when you chew. Cheap for vegas, expensive for a gross hotdog. =(FYI: cash only
4	Mmm fried goodness!I tried them all. Fried Oreo was my favorite.Fried Reese's was good too.Fried Snickers was okay.Skip the Fried Twinkie.
3	YAY!  Cheap food!   Corn dog was super good! Now I was a little intoxicated both times that I got it, but at 1:30 in the morning you can't beat the price and location!  Grab a corn dog and go into the casino and continue on, perfect!
5	Great fast food that won't cost you $100 like everything else does these days in Las Vegas.
3	I use to work for this place. The Carne asada tacos and burrito are GOOD! *at least when I worked there ;) * Fried Oreos would have to be my fav as far as Fried Deserts go - but the Fried Twinkie is like a deep fried cake! Corn dogs are "ok" then again they are straight from a frozen box of "Foster Farms Corn Dogs". Pretzels are rubbery so I wouldn't recommend them - plus they keep the butter in a spray butter for the topping - GROSS! Nachos - there Nachos, you'd think "Where can I go wrong with this" right? UNTIL YOU GET PAST 3-5 PIECES OF CHIPS AND SEE NOTHING BUT CRUMBLES AT THE BOTTOM OF YOUR BOWL.I love this place, and will probably visit when I go back to Vegas for a visit, but for the money you spend - go to the hard rock cafe/bar right down the street - or to a buffet, THERES AT LEAST ONE IN EVERY CASINO.
3	Cheap and greasy, that pretty much sums it up. I tried their carne asada quesadilla and burger, both were okay- just as I imagined. The cashier girl was nice, but the food took forever- definitely on the slow side.
2	every time i have grabbed a snack at this place they have messed up my order and it tasted horrible anyhow.they also take forever to complete your order. it does not take 20 minutes to make a quesadilla, sorry.never going here again.
3	The stars are solely for their hotdogs and garlic fries.  Hotdogs were good, garlic fries were even better.  Prob one of my fav garlic fries ever, generous on the garlic!  Other than it being on the oily side, the flavor was awesome.I got the Kraut dog.  Was pretty tasty, lots of kraut was given and the dog tasted great because it wasn't salty or oily.  I did catch 2 things that didn't sit well with me...  They charged me $1 for kraut add on when their menu says $0.75.  And when they gave me my garlic fries, they only gave me a tiny ass portion.  I knew that b/c I looked at the 2 customers in front of me get the same thing but they got a full big basket each.  I told the worker that i paid $4.25 and u only gave a couple fries.  He was nice and fixed it, but i was a bit irritated cuz i had to wait again and my food that I already got, got cold.  I'll still come back again.  It totally hit the spot.  This time I'll  be counting pennies and fries!  lol
4	I got their Carne Asada Burrito and it was about $7. I have never paid so much for such a tiny burrito. In their defense, the burrito was delicious. It had plenty of meat and avocado... but no rice or veggies?? Also, service was pretty slow maybe cause they cook it on the spot. It was reaaaally good tho!
