4	I just got back from Christmas at Latta Plantation. I took my 12-year-old twin boys. We toured the small nature center first (minor point if interest), and then paid our $17 to see the Plantation.The Visitor Center had a movie running in the exhibit area that lasted over an hour. It was about Harriet Tubman helping free the slaves, and had a Christmas theme. We caught parts of it on the way in and out... It was really a bit slooow for this sort of place.The Visitor Center exhibits explain a lot about the folks who lived there a long time ago, and they display some of their relics. You can also grab some refreshments and souvenirs, if interested.The large house is fully decorated, and we took a tour that showed us how folks lived back then. It was moderately elegant, but life was still hard. There was a weaver working upstairs, and museum workers in each room showed us some of the features of the house. A kitchen out back was fully functional, with a demonstration of brick fireplace cooking going on.There are sheep, cows, pigs, goats, and horses here. A slave cabin is set up, so you can see how the slaves lived at the time. This is a small plantation, so don't expect anything lavish. But do expect to find a museum-like experience that does give an honest portrayal of liffe in the pre-civil war era.
4	Went here last weekend with the girls for the "Bark In the Park" event at Rural Hill.  We had an absolutely wonderful day. Afterward, we decided to head over to  Latta Plantation.  The grounds are so beautiful. We decided to be adventurous and have a picnic!  We found some covered pavillions outside that came equiped with benches for eating.  There are also bbq stations free for anyone to use.  We did not venture inside to ask about hiking trails but I have been here once on  my own and did some fantastic trails.  They also have a large section of this plantation dedicated to horseback riding.  I believe if you go inside the building, someone would be able to explain the options of adventure that are available to you.
4	I've visited once for horseback riding and once for a picnic.Grounds- well kept- absolutely beautiful, perfect for a day hike or a picnic. We saw several girlscout/boyscout groups here so it's kid-friendly. As mentioned by other reviewers there are picnic tables and covered pavilions. The horse farm area is nicely kept and the animals all look very happy and healthy.Service- They have assisted trail rides and dinners. I would love to give the trail dinner a try- how fun would that be at sunset? I had a groupon or livingsocial coupon so my trail ride was only $12 - but even full price was in the $20 range and not too bad. I think the dinners were a bit more as expected. Our trail guide was friendly and nice- my only complaint was while saddling up one of the younger guys was smoking away- not exactly my idea of getting some fresh air. I will definitely visit this area again- one could easily spend a day here!
4	My daughter first took horseback riding lessons here over 15 years ago. We found it to be a solid and affordable place for her as a beginner. The instructor that she had at the time was very patient and kind to kids as well as the horses.  He was able to teach her all the basics and gave her a good foundation for her later training. Later on, we ended up moving to a stable much closer to home that offered more challenges for her as well as more opportunities for competition -especially in the hunter-jumper arena. However, we have have been back to Latta many times for her to compete in dressage shows and have also come back for trail rides. If you are interested in a trail ride or beginner lessons, they have some really gentle horses.  The facilities are nice for horse and rider alike.
3	This was a fun little side mention on our trip along the eastern seaboard.I absolutely love history and although not the best historical point on our trip, it was cute seeing the old farm house and the animals.my favorite were the pigs, even though i was bitten by one of them.
3	I've been to Latta plenty of times since we moved here, either to go hiking at the Nature Center or checking out the birds at the Raptor Center. With my parents and nephew in town I figured it was time to finally check out the plantation house that is also on the property. The plantation area consists of an old 1800s house along with other supporting out-buildings and a small livestock area. Things were a bit different with it being Memorial Day, as the usual guided tour of the main house was replaced by re-enactors stationed within each room. They were pretty informative and either discussed the house or time period in general or gave an explanation of the task they were performing (weaving, pulling cotton, spooling yarn, etc.) There were also a few re-enactors outside who were doing additional demonstrations. My nephew really enjoyed listening to the guy who was tanning animal hides, and he also enjoyed panning for gold and participating in military drilling. There was also a small corral where you can look at pigs, goats, horses and chickens. It's fun for a first-time visit, but the novelty of taking in an 1800s plantation house is worn after one trip. There isn't all that much to do, and there happened to be more during my trip since it was a holiday weekend. I would recommend checking their website before planning a visiting and waiting for a weekend where they had some extra activities going on.
5	HISTORIC LATTA PLANTATIONCome check out this historica plantation if you're into old history about how farm life and slavery was back in the days in North Carolina. Small quaint houses and animals adorn this quiet farmstead. Luckily for me, today, there was a WWII reenactment happening this weekend.On the night of July 9th, 1943, the Allied invasion of Sicily , codenamed Operation Husky, commenced. This proved to be a very important WWII campaign which incorporated both amphibious and airborne operations. The Battle For Sicily consisted of 6 hard weeks of land combat pushing the Axis Army into Italy. This kicked off the Italian Campaign which would last until the end of the war in Europe. The Allied Army was made up of soldiers from the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, Newfoundland, and the Free French - a total of 160,000 personnel. The Axis Army was made up of soldiers fro Italy and Germany - a total of 290,000 personnel.Here, in this reenactment, German soldiers take over a plantation and battle both US and British armed forces, where they are defeated when they get attacked on both sides. Even with a German halftrack, the battle is lost for the Germans!
5	Took the guided house tour on a Friday morning. The four of us were the only people taking the tour, which was really nice because we had all of our questions answered and were able to spend a good bit of time in the main Latta house. The grounds are really beautiful and after your house tour you can walk around and see the animals and smaller houses on the plantation. This is definitely a must for anyone from Charlotte or visiting Charlotte.
5	We stopped by here while vacationing in Charlotte. Worth the $7 for the admission. Great history lesson for all ages. A little to hard to find at first because it is so deep into the woods. shows what life was life was like back in the 1800's. I would  recommend this as a family trip because you get a greater appreciation for what you have now. You also will be happy to see just how far this country has come when it comes to equality. The gift shop is nice as wel. We bought a couple of cook books with recipes from the time.
4	I came here in October and ended up going on the "Ghost Tales in the Dark" tour. Pretty much, you get a candlelit tour of the plantation at night. And your tour guide gives a history lesson on the house and plantation, as well as shares some ghost stories that either they/coworkers have experienced.If you come at night, it can be a little scary getting here. Once you turn off the main street, you're driving down a dark road with nature on both sides of you. Since we were already in a spooky spirit, it kind of felt like we were in a horror movie, hehe. Once you arrive at the plantation though, you just park and walk into their little gift shop. After everyone arrives, you watch a little video about the history of the place, including paranormal history. After that, your tour starts.You walk over to the house, and tour the house, from downstairs to upstairs. Then, you walk outside to the outdoor kitchen, and then to a workmen's shed. Then you walk past an old log cabin, and then get led back to the main gift shop. The tour guide we had a was a very informative old lady. She told us a lot of history, and I learned new things. At one point of the tour, I did get a little lightheaded, and felt a little weird, and it was near an area where the tour guide said that she also has had weird feelings. What's even weirder is that on our back home, my dad was telling me that he got lightheaded in a certain area, and when I asked him where, it was the same place I had gotten the same feeling! It was kinda spooky finding that out, but then kind of cool.The tour was about ~$10 and I think it was worth it. I got a little spook, and learned a good history lesson. And I visited a historic plantation.If you're visiting the area, and are looking for something interesting and different to do, I suggest coming here. No matter what time of year. But if you happen to come during October, then you'll just get an added bonus of hearing some ghost stories along the way too.
5	This place is great for the whole family. Admission was $8.00 because they were having a special holiday program. The grounds were just like it was back in the 1800's. The houses and cabins are in excellent shape. The gift shop was nice and the civil reenactment was nice to watch. This place is perfect for a great history lesson.
4	Creepy to think that at one point in history - on the same land upon which one stands at the moment -- people were held captive and required to provide all types of dirty work in downright nasty conditions. Yet the Latta tour guide explains the historical perspective of the situation and the contextual understanding reveals that perhaps of all plantations, this particular one may not have been the worst in treating its slaves. All folks of every race and nationality should venture here for an illuminating snapshot into the history of one of the most dishonorable times this country has ever faced. Thank you Latta for the reminder the darkest of historical events must be showcased for all to see.
