2	This place is great if you have no insurance and/or need a lot of work done and need to get on a payment plan. For those situations I would recommend Western Dental. (Maybe not this location)For me, my experience was not so great. I left always wondering what happened, am I done, do I need to do anything else. The dentist I had, they have a few in that office, was very straight to the point. A little too much for my liking. She never talked to me, asked me if I had any questions or concerns, never explained anything to me of what she was doing. I felt like she was rushing most of the time.The staff seems great in person but whoever does the call befores is useless. I got a call to remind me of my appt and to see if I had questions. I did have questions but she couldn't answer any of them. So what was the point of her calling asking if I had questions. She should have just called and said your appt is at this time. Which she didn't even do that correctly. I confirmed that my appt was at 10a she agreed. The day of my appt I found my appt card while cleaning and it was at 11a. I got what I needed done there but now that that is over I'm getting my x-rays and going some place else.
1	I always get a laugh out of Western Dental's ads.  They show clean, middle class people going to nice dental offices for their care.  The reality: the offices are dirty, the waits are long, and the people who look like they are either going into prison or just got out.  If you are looking to get your dental care done where the local gangbangers go, then by all means, this is where you want to be.  The staff is all a bunch of 18 year olds from the receptionists to the techs to the hygienist.  No one there seems to have actual training beyond their high school diplomas, if even that.I went a few times because it is right by my work. Two times I left because the wait was more than an hour.  I did get in after being in the waiting room an hour.  They took me to get xrays, and they then put me in the chair in the treatment area (not room...there's not that kind of privacy).  I waited another hour.  I was asked to sign a contract for $4,000 for completely unnecessary work.  I declined, and got a horrible polishing job by the bored teenage girl and was on my way three hours after walking in.  Skip this place.  They are famous for selling thousands of dollars of unncessary work and seems and having very young and very inexperienced staff (read: cheap, cheap wages).
1	I was being nice in my last review. But this place is ridiculous. They called my boyfriend to confirm an appointment that he NEVER made but they convinced him that he needed to come in anyways. He shows up, signs in, waits for about 45 minutes after his appt. time (they always are running late), then a lady comes out and informs him that "Oh you're not supposed to be seen for another month", WTF!!! That's craziness. Who is running this place?
1	Do not come here if you have a job. I made an appointment for 2:15 today and arrived early to fill out paperwork. I write this review at 3:30 as I still haven't seen a dentist or even an assistant to get a cleaning.  I did get X-rays already - all 20 of them!  Never had so many in my life.  There is no privacy. I'm listening to an employee explain how many teeth my neighbor has to get pulled, and how she can set up a payment plan.  UPDATE: At 4:30, I finally got out of here.  The dentist only came in to do an exam after I started to leave because I'd been waiting so long.  She then assured me a cleaning would take merely 5 more minutes.  Wrong!  It was 40 more minutes.  I had to fill out forms 4 different times, and when I was leaving their credit card machine wouldn't work so I'll have to mail in a check.
1	I went to Western Dental on Thunderbird and 35th Ave. in May 2012; the first appointment was for x-rays, an exam and cleaning (I was there for about 2 hours) and the second one was to fill holes in 3 of my teeth the following week (took about 1 hour).  No complaints about the dentist or the person who was taking the x-ray.  I have a problem with their corporate office and their billing system.  It is October now, and I still have not received a bill for the services I had in May.  I called the Western Dental corporate office first but after being on hold for a total of 15 minutes and talking to 5 different people, I was told to call the Thunderbird office about it. The Thunderbird office told me that my 2 insurances have not submitted payment as of yet; according to both of my insurances, they have mailed their checks to Western Dental by the end of June so they are done but Western Dental keeps telling me that they are still waiting on my insurances and that is why I have not received a bill. I am afraid that Western Dental might send it to collections and say that I do not want to pay it but I have not received a bill as of yet - after 5 months.My husband went to Western Dental for a cleaning but ended up having a root canal (not on the same day). He was pleased with the dentist but he is upset with their billing system.  He was told that he could make monthly installments to pay off his approx. $700 bill for the root canal; it sounds like a good idea because they do not charge interest; however, Western Dental (either the corporate office or the Thunderbird office) mailed him a bill recently stating that he is overdue in his payments and if he does not pay by this .... date then they would have to report it to a credit agency.  First of all, he received a bill for September which he paid in person at the Thunderbird office, then he received a second bill for October which he paid on-line (they have a website).  Both bills were paid before their respective due dates (and the payments were "good") but the Thunderbird office is telling him that he is one month behind.  My husband showed them both bills and both of his receipts but they are still saying that he is one month behind.  He got very upset and paid the remainder of the total bill with his credit card just to get away from that hassle.  I would not recommend Western Dental to anyone unless you want to deal with a lot of drama and get a headache ...
1	Horrible Service, they use CHEAP Materials, your Crowns or Bridge what ever they do will crack within 3yr. not worth it, spend  a little more but go somewhere else.
1	This is the worst dental office I have ever been to. I had an appointment for a simple cleaning at 1:45pm. I was called back to the examination area fairly quickly, where I then waited, and waited, and waited. I didn't have my phone or a watch with me, so I kept thinking "maybe it just feels like it's been a REALLY long time." I watched another girl get seated in a different chair about a half hour after me and about a half hour after that, I heard the dentist approaching. Finally, I was going to be seen! Oh, but no! The dentist just went over to the other girl and proceeded to check on her teeth.Frustrated, I got up and started walking back to the front of the office. I asked for the time, and that's when I saw it was 2:50pm. Now I was really upset. I explained that I had been waiting for over an hour and a girl who came in a half hour after me was now being helped. I was reassured that the dentist would see me immediately, so I went back to the examination area. This is true, a dentist did see me. He looked over my x-rays, confirmed that I had no cavities and that my teeth were in good condition and that I just needed a simple cleaning, and then he went back to the original girl. A bit later, a dental hygienist came over and started taking my insurance information. At this point, I was getting annoyed as I had already given the receptionist on the phone my info, had my insurance company fax over info, and filled out all of their forms online the night before to "make the process as speedy as possible!" Now I was giving this information all over again. When the girl was done, she said "Okay, now I've got it in the system. Let me check and see if we'll have time to do your cleaning." What? Check and see? What was I here for then? She came back and said "Sorry, we close at 4pm and we have a lot of people who need extractions, so we won't be able to clean your teeth today.  I walked out livid, but upon reading the reviews of the terrible service you receive once you are actually seen, maybe I should be grateful that Western Dental never got close enough to my teeth to do any damage.Please, whatever you do, do not ever go to this office. Learn from my terrible experience and stay far, far away.
1	This place SEEMED like a good idea at the time.My mom needed an Emergency tooth removal, and this was the only closest place we could find that was open on a Saturday afternoon. We called scheduled an appointment and headed right in. My mom was Sitting in the waiting room in pain for almost an hour. Then when they finally took her back the doctor gave her a shot for the pain and started digging right in. The assistant suggested waiting at least 15 minutes so that the medicine can kick in but the doctor ignored her. the doctor literately Threw his tools on the tray and gave up when my mom cried out in pain. We left and were assed out of $75 for the horrible visit. Also, they have a very fishy disclaimer form that my mom refused to sign.
1	Horrible horrible place.  This is by far the worst dentist I have been to.  There are several reasons but I am going to state just two.  First, it was the WORST cleaning I have ever experienced.  Yes, everyone knows going to the dentist isn't exactly fun but this was extremely painful and unpleasant.  I do not have bad teeth, no cavities, etc.  But I felt like I was going to die in the chair from the pain the dentist put me through.  So the visit was bad, but the worst part is what happened after (well 3-4 months later).  I get a bill for over $100.  I call the office to figure out why this is, and after leaving 2-3 messages I finally get a hold of someone.  They say that my insurance denied the Moderate cleaning that I received.  I explained to her that I didn't ask for a moderate cleaning and when I went in to the office I simply asked for the simplest cleaning possible that my insurance covered.  When they took me back for x-rays etc. I asked again - is this is the simplest one my insurance will cover? and was told yes.  Other dentists I have been to have walked me through what insurance will cover and how much out of pocket I will have to pay, I guess I was hoping for the same. So I am very upset, not only did I receive the worst, most painful cleaning I have had, but I got billed an extra $112 for it.  Never go to this dental office, I know I won't be back.Other quick complaints - very awkward office setting, just have to experience it to understand - awkward and rude staff, awkward layout, etc.
1	Worst dental experience ever!!!  This place is a scam!!!!Due to a change my dental insurance policies, I had to chose a new dentist.  This location was close to my home so I decided to give them a try (I should have read the reviews first not to mention the Better Business Bureau complaints).  The only thing that the staff and "dental professionals" (and I use those term loosely) are interested in is your money and not your dental care.  Like other reviewers, my wait was long and even longer after they took the x-rays.  Once I got the results of the x-rays, I was horrified when the told me I needed over $3,000 worth of dental care.  I asked the dentist how I could require that much work when I regularly went to another dentist for over 10 years ( last visit was 6-months prior to going to Western Dental) and he never detected any of the problems that they found.  The dentist shrugged her shoulders and said I don't know.  Then they sent in the "business manager" to discuss financing options.  As I continued to wait, I overheard other patients getting similar news to their dismay.I allowed them to give me a cleaning - another mistake!  And, I had them fill a filling - another mistake.  Finally, I had them put on a crown - which I knew needed to be replaced.As soon as I was able to find a new dentist, I bailed on Western Dental.  My new dentist didn't find any of the problems Western Dental identified.  I'm rating them one star because zero isn't an option!  This place preys on people with no insurance with convenient financing options...it's all about the money - fail to pay and they report it the credit reporting agencies.  With the work I had done, I took the no interest option to pay for the work they did.  However, once I paid it off they didn't update my credit report and I had to file a complaint to get them to update my credit report to reflect my account was paid in full.
5	I usually don't write reviews but this one is well deserved. I hadn't been to the dentist in a while and I was very nervous to go in for my appointment. Since my initial visit, the front staff including the manager Ismael to the back staff with Dr. Zamani, they have provided excellent customer service in every aspect of the business. I couldn't be more satisfied and happy that I chose Western Dental for my dental needs. I would strongly recommend for you guys to visit this dental office - you won't be disappointed!
1	i would never ever recommend them to anyone ever! first lets start with i only had my braces for 7 months. i have seen them every single month and has a payment every single month. back in may when i had my rubberbands changed they told me i was a month behind come to find out they applied my payment to a general payment and i never had any general work done! they said its from xrays they took when i asked them before they started anything will need to repay for xrays because if so i can have my general dentist send over my xrays since i just paid to have some done a day prior to my braces consultation i was told no i dont have to pay its included in the free exam. i call today and they tell me im 285.00 bucks behind and they will not apply one of the payments i made to the ortho account because i was charged for xrays then told me that i have only paid 3 payments out of the 7 months i have had it and thats not true because had i not made those payments they would of damn sure made me pay them before i got any work done. corporate is rude and the office staff sucks. they can do what they want with that contract because i will be taking my business somewhere else and i will be also filing a complaint with the bbb right along with everyone else that has! straight fraud! and whats even worse! my brackets keep falling off! but they want to harass you for payments but cant fix your teeth right! a bunch of losers! dont go to western dental this is a warning they are a bunch of rude scame artists!
1	I am disappointed in myself for not having checked reviews before making my appointment. Worst dentist experience ever!From the time I arrived to the time I got in my car to leave was nearly 3 hours. And its wasn't like they were busy or anything, one other person was in the waiting room. I went back for my xrays 20 minutes after my appointment was supposed to start, they took 900 pictures, a little excessive if you ask me, moved me around 3 different times, then half assed cleaned my teeth. My husbands was even worse. I wont even go into details. When I called to talk with the office "manager" about the issues, I wasn't even offered an apology, the seemingly 17 year old on the other line just made excuses, and stood her ground. I told her they lost my business, and all she had to say was "Well, if you have any questions for the doctor  you are more than welcome to call back." WTF?!Message to WD: You people need to figure out the definition of customer service. Beyond displeased.
1	This place is a factory. Not a nice modern factory that makes iPhones, more like s seedy factory you might find in the back streets of India employing children working in sub-human conditions. I called to make an appointment and she started a spiel about having a great deal on braces. No thanks, not interested in braces. But it's a great deal. NO! Do you have anyone in your household who might be interested in braces? FFS! No! I just was to make an appointment!She then takes all my information and asks if it's ok to call and remind me about my appointment. I say no, do not call me to remind me, I'm quite capable of making it to a dentist appointment. Well guess who receives not one, but three reminder phone calls? Yep, that would be me. I really want to work with professionals who listen to my problems and treat me with dignity and respect. None of that here.
