4	I've been to Jeff's original gallery at Bellagio a few times. This newer location is larger. Perfect for displaying more of his great work. In fact, there are a few pieces I had never seen before. Just like Jeff's consistently high quality photography, the gallery is laid out well and aesthetically pleasing. The staff is also very friendly and welcoming.
5	Inviting gallery of beautiful photos from an amazing photographer.I am not one to buy someone else's photos, I prefer to display my own memories but they are beautiful and fill me with the desire to visit those locales. I especially loved the unique frames they used throughout the gallery.If you're in search of art to display or just like to browse, take peek.
4	Review from a window shopper's perspective. I came here for a yelp event through community manager. Jeff Mitchum cleared his busy schedule to meet up with some of the yelp photography enthusiasts to go over some basic concepts of photography. This review is supposed to focus on gallery, rather than the event. The gallery located behind the food court area on the North side of the casino. I was really impressed by the way this gallery is put together and the interior is amazing. The main attraction here are the pictures taken by Jeff. They are simply amazing and you can really get lost in the details. They are really expensive to purchase, hence the $$$$. Overall, I would highly recommend checking out this gallery if you are in the vicinity and if you can afford to splurge on art than you will be like a kid in candy factory.
5	I met up at the gallery for the CMYE: Jeff Mitchum Photo Walk & Cocktail Reception event and while we waited for everyone else to arrive, I took the time to look at the photography within the gallery. Jeff Mitchum is a renowned landscape photographer and his photos are just amazing. I learned during the photo walk that Jeff doesn't Photoshop or crop his shots. What you see is what he saw from his camera. Jeff himself is a wonderful, friendly person who doesn't mind answering photography questions or taking pictures with fans.A lot of his photos within the gallery are shots that I normally wouldn't have expected to be taken. What I mean by that is how one of his photos is an image of a mountain range, trees, and a wooden house. As I spoke with my guest about it, we agreed that neither of us would have included the house and she wouldn't have included the trees. And yet, when taken all together, the house and trees provide the photo depth that wouldn't be there with just the mountain range. It made the photo better.The photographs are beautiful and if I had the money, I wouldn't mind purchasing one or two for myself. Maybe I'll come back and purchase a book instead. I highly suggest coming to the gallery and exploring the art within. The gallery is located within MGM Grand by the food court.
