1	I have been shopping at this Fry's for two years. I have really enjoyed that it is small and compact. Much more my taste than the huge Fry's Marketplace right down the street (maybe a mile away).  I recently had an awful experience trying to redeem a competitor's coupon at this store. Fresh & Easy emails coupons WITH BARCODES to their email list. I tried to use one tonight and was told they don't accept printed coupons because anyone could copy it. Funny, I can print coupons off the Fry's website! Why the double standard?I would have continued shopping at this store even though they didn't accept my legit coupon except for the next part.  The worst part of it was the humiliation heaped on me by the Assistant Front End Manager, Judd. Humiliation for trying to redeem the legit coupon to begin with and then for returning some of the items I was going to purchase to meet the coupon's terms ($10 off $50).  Someone who tells a customer "I can't read your mind!" and "I'm only talking to you the way you're talking to me." shouldn't have Manager anywhere on his name tag.  He was so rude other shoppers followed me out to my car to tell me I shouldn't have been treated that way. I never raised my voice or asked anything other than for him to explain the double standard and yet he treated me like dirt. In all my time shopping at this Fry's I have never run across Judd, or anyone like him, before.  There are several grocery stores in this area. I will have no problem taking my business elsewhere - Somewhere that even when there is a problem people are treated with kindness and respect.
4	I was contacted by Fry's to set everything straight regarding the incident I previously posted/reviewed about.  I don't think they had any clue this review was out there and I didn't tell them.  They credited me the $10 for the coupon I should have been able to use and also added an additional $15 for the hassle I went through with the employee.  I thought that was generous of them.I still don't know if I'll shop at this location again, but I'll keep shopping at Fry's as my main grocery store.  One lost-cause employee hasn't tainted my opinion of them.For those looking for a smaller grocery store that still has every item/brand you are looking for, I recommend this location. Just watch out for Judd, Assistant Front End Manager because he's grumpy.
3	Pretty good....but could be better....always been a fry's shopper my whole life, they always seem to have the best prices. Plus since they have gas stations now, along with fuel points and discounts, its def a must place to get groceries. Load up on points there all the time, buy gift cards there for double sometimes 4x the points, well worth it.Only complaint is their seafood selection is crap, nothing is really that fresh there at all, everything usually smells fishy(not good when looking for fresh seafood). They have never had fresh shrimp there, ever. Its always frozen, even the shrimp behind the counter is frozen. Their produce is SOOOOOO inconsistent, if u go there later in the week you can tell that they havent gotten in new stuff since last week, or they will the next day. Sometimes it takes me a good 3-4min searching thru all the bell peppers to find a good one.Don't 'always' trust their ground beef that they package there. There have been afew times they've packed soon to expire ground beef with newer ground beef on the top just to get rid of it faster. You're better off asking them to grind some fresh for you behind the counter.The little sushi counter, section they have there near the deli is actually pretty decent. Just make sure you buy it earlier in the day, or shortly after noon around 1 or 2. But if you go there late night and think about the sushi thats still there.....think again....its been there all day, and when it comes to sushi and seafood, FRESHNESS is the best ingredient!All in all this fry's gets the job done, always have had a friendly and helpful staff, great location(only 50seconds from our apartment).Usually go to AJ's or whole foods for fresh seafood, and so glad that theres a new Sprouts over on ray and 48th, can always count on them for DAILY fresh produce.But hey now a days its all about saving money, especially on gas, and fry's is the place to go for both. FUEL POINTS!!!
5	The people who work at the Starbucks inside this Fry's location rock!  Just about all of them have taken the time to remember my wife's regular drink, not to mention that the coffee they make is consistently better than the other local stand-alone Starbucks locations.  I feel bad that I can't tip them, because they are good people and take the time to make the coffee right.  Thank you!
5	I LOVE Fry's! I drive past Safeway to go to this fry's every time we need groceries. I love the prices, quality, service and the general layout of the store.The Starbucks people are awesome too!Do not go to Safeway or the other fry's--this location is the BEST!
