2	The Pineville Ice House is kinda crappy. There is no lobby. You walk in and you're in the ice rink, so there isn't a warm place to hang out or put on your skates. The ice is not great quality, and I've been pretty disappointed overall with my experiences there. If you're looking for a rink in Charlotte, check out the Extreme Ice Center.
3	I don't have much experience with ice rinks, so I can't comment a bunch on the quality of the ice (it was cold, I guess that makes it okay) or much else.  I do agree that there isn't much in the way of creature comfort - you walk in and you're at the rink.  Having a warm(ish) area would be nice, because as soon as you go inside, you're inside, and even when you're not on the ice, it's downright chilly.The facility seems fairly new, but on the inside, it's pretty run down in appearance.  I wouldn't expect it to be shiny and new, but it's not fancy by any stretch of the imagination.One thing to remember is that it's not quite the same as being at a hockey game - it's at the ice level, so it's a good deal colder.  Make sure you bundle up when you take the family for public skate (which they do have).  You may want to use the bathroom before you go too, as it's rather nasty in there.
4	You may have heard recently that curling is all the rage since the Winter Olympics came through.  Some call it "chess on ice", but that may not be completely accurate, since chess is a little more precise in the placement of pieces.  Maybe "shuffleboard on ice" is a little more accurate.  Either way, the game (sport, whatever) is definitely entertaining.The Charlotte Centre Curling Club is open for membership, and they just held their first Learn to Curl event at the Pineville Ice House.  About twenty intrepid souls, plus a few instructors and even local "celebrity" Larry Sprinkle, checked out the action and tried to figure out the game.Played on ice, with droplets of water sprinkled on top to create a rougher surface which "curls" the 42-pound granite rocks, players try valiantly to maintain their balance while pushing the rocks back and forth, using sweeping techniques to get the rocks to go where they want (the sweeping action creates a path of sorts for the rocks).Most of the session was spent figuring out how to keep your balance and push the rock towards the other end of the ice.  Yours truly spent a good bit of time on the ice.  The one time I managed to get the rock moving in the right direction, Larry Sprinkle was sweeping a bit too vigorously and he ended up on his backside.  Another, I didn't even make it that far and nearly took out the camera.  I hope I don't get a bill.  Or sued for nearly killing a local celebrity.Apparently the feature will be shown on April 9th.  Have to keep an eye out for it.At least for a limited time, the highlight video is online - complete with a shot of yours truly knocking Larry Sprinkle to the ice.http://www.wcnc.com/on-tv/Larry-learns-that-curling-is-year-round-90346659.html
1	The Pineville Icehouse is geared for hockey only.  The public skate times are too short and too expensive.  I tried renting skates, 3 pairs and no luck.  The first pair had laces that were cobbled together from 2 different skates.  The blades were dull and rounded over like an old butter knife.  The second pair was better, but the left blade was bent to the right at a 10 degree angle making it impossible to skate.  The last pair was a bit better, but wholly unusable.  This wasn't just my experience, this was the experience of all 7 of us in the group.  All the skates had been abused and hadn't seen a sharpener or any maintenance in quite some time.  We decided to stick with Extreme Ice in Indian Trail.  It is a bit of a drive, but a professional operation start to finish.  New skates, longer skate times and a pro shop that caters to other skaters, not just hockey.
4	Fun for all.  Friendly staff.  Decent price.  Maybe a little over-crowded on Saturday afternoon... would recommend.
3	Let me first start off by letting everyone know I'm originally from Minnesota. The Ice House is a fairly average rink that maintains their ice well. The ice makes all the difference in my opinion.While the skate sharpening may be better than the "other" Charlotte rink (which is incredibly important if you're renting skates), but I'd have to recommend bringing your own skates in the first place. Yes, I know most people won't have their own...but rental skates in general are like wearing someone else's shoe...and skates...unlike shoes...are hard and not very pliable. So prepare for sore feet if you rent.I found the employees to be very helpful and knowledgeable. I had fun chatting with them and found a couple from my neck-of-the-woods.The only thing I would have liked to see different is the spaciousness of the place. I know there's not much that can be done about this, but on comparison (yes, from Minnesota...as everyone grows up playing hockey there), the Ice House is a bit cramped.Overall, I liked the Ice House...so don't let the three stars fool you. The atmosphere is nice...the smell...oh how I love the smell...lol...as some of you may say ewwww...what's that smell. There's nothing like the smell of hockey!I recommend the Ice House. It's a great date, a fun family place, a great place for kids to go, and something different for those of you that have never laced-up before.
4	With a good low rate of $7.50 for entry and $2.50 for skate rental this is arguably the best option for a first-time ice skater in the Charlotte area. The Pineville Ice House, as it is better known, is great fun with the kids, a group, family, for a birthday party and most other stuff you think of doing at your standard roller-rink except the kicker is that it's on ice!I've made it here a number of times including once with a big group for a [dangerous] game called broom ball. In broom ball, the players clad only in their everyday clothes and without ice skates, go out on the ice with a broom-like stick to swat at a ball until makes it into the other team's goal. All the while you spend most of your time trying not to throw yourself off balance with a misplaced swing and land yourself in the hospital with a concussion. But hey! This review isn't meant to trash ice skating. Only the futile and foolish game of broom ball.Nonetheless, PIH is a good starting point for you up-and-coming figure skaters out there. The main advice I have is to just check their website as they have some oddly specific hours during which they are open to the public for skating. Watch out for the kids and remember to dress warm and always fall with closed hands or you'll take home less fingers than you brought.
2	The Winter Olympics inspired us to hit the ice rink. I'm no Michelle Kwan but I've been on the ice a time or two. This rink just didn't blow my mind. We arrived right when the open skate time started (check their website for the schedule). The entry process is pretty simple. Walk to the building, pay your money ($10 for admission and skate rental) and grab your rental skates at the next window. The negatives... I was disappointed by the ice quality and the rental skates. The surface of the ice was pretty rough and needed a serious resurfacing. The rental skates were extremely dull. Yes, I know that they are rentals but it would have been nice if the blades had a decent edge. I also wish that they would have set up some cones inside the rink. This would have provided better separation for general skaters (the people that just want to skate circles) from the more experienced/technical skaters (the people that want to spin and jump). I've been to rinks that used the cones and it provided a better experience for all skaters. It would have been helpful if all skaters were aware of skating etiquette... There were also a few times that I found myself having to dodge people going the wrong direction!! The positives... They serve beer and wine!! If it wasn't so early in the day, I would have partaken. The employees that I interacted with seemed friendly enough. Pineville Ice House doesn't have a lot of competition, which means they really don't need to change much to stay in business. If you live in Charlotte and you want to go ice skating this will probably be where you head.
5	This skate house is awesome. I visited over the weekend to see my boyfriend play a pickup hockey game and I really enjoyed it. We arrived there around 10:00 pm when it wasn't very crowded. The place seemed to be used a lot by local children in the earlier hours for entertainment purposes. There's also music that plays, pretty modern usually top 40. There is a bar, a place to eat skate rental and a skate pro shop which is awesome. The staff seemed to be really nice and helpful. The condition of the rink is also in good shape. There's a balcony overlooking the skate rink for a better view of the games but also bleachers around the rink. The restrooms seem to be in good shape. Toilet paper and hand soap are always restored so I haven't had trouble with that. Overall it's a great place to take your children but also great for those hockey/ice skating enthusiasts out there.
