5	We were looking for something a little different to do for a Baptism party for our son and nephew, so after enjoying these tacos at my husband's Christmas party, we decided to have a taco cart at our party. We stopped by the Taqueria Guadalajara off Van Buren and 26th Avenue one morning to put in our order about a month prior to the event. The restaurant was clean and bright and it wasn't lunchtime yet, so no one was in there eating. The lady at the front counter was pleasant and helpful as we asked questions about how the cart worked for a party and what our options would be. You had to have at least a 50 person party for the cart. They had a list of at least ten different meats we could choose from. We went with the carnitas, azada, pollo and pastor. You also get a big jug of juice, so we chose the Horchata. For the cart to be at our house and for two people to set up and cook the meat and serve the food, we were quoted $300 for our selections. A deposit of $100 was needed at the order time and the remainder the day of the party.On the day of the party, the two gals from Taqueria Guadalajara arrived on time and started setting up the grill and the toppings bar. There was a guacamole sauce, a red and green salsa, plus the usual veggies at the toppings bar: Cucumbers, carrots, onions, cilantro, etc.When the food was ready, they served us quickly and explained the different meats. We had two porks, one beef and chicken. One of the pork selections was redder from spices and they were kinda sweet. Forgive my gringo-ness, but I don't know what they were, but they were good! The corn tortillas were delicious and fresh and heated just right on the grill.The taco cart and toppings bar were a hit at the party. My sister, who lived in Mexico for two years said that the food reminded her of her times there. If you want something authentic and delicious, try it out!
2	GOALLLLL My co worker and I lucked out, showing up right as mexico vs France world cup game started.I was excited a good looking menu, many energized fans, large screen TVs and a large salsa bar.The menu is in Spanish and the items are much more eclectic than your usual beef burritos and tacos. Out of my weak spanish skills I orderd the chillie rellno plate. $5.65 and a plate of chips.The red salsa was great spicy and a hit of smokiness, the green avocado source was great too, and the chips were quite unique.My chillies rellno while spicy, was a bit under cooked, and also seemed a bit grainy and unpleasant esp toward the top. This is why i a gave the 2 star rating.I also saw some great fun being had by the soccer fans, I am not sure if this is a BYOB place but some one showed up with a 30 pack, hey its 11am and it's the world cup!My coworker enjoyed his tacos however they were small and a bit pricey considering where we were.
4	What is this  is what I should ask. The menu is full of nouns that are new to me.I was not to hungry so I went with a puro queso quesadilla. it was good came beans and a few chips and even a nice garnish. My co worker loved his carne asada burrito. And we both love the chips hot sauce and guac sauce here.
4	These are my favorite tacos in Phx thus far and for $.99 each who can beat it?! The food and the price is more than right, the hours? Well that's very odd. Closed Sun-Weds. Then open until 6pm? They must make their money catering, but I'll make it work to get there when they are open because it's worth it!
5	We've used these guys for the Taco Cart twice since our first review. Still stellar service and food! It is always a hit at our parties. If you have at least 50 people coming to your place, this is an awesome idea for feeding guests.
2	We tried the taco cart with Taqueria Guadalajara for a recent party.... Sadly it wasn't that great of an experience.We requested a certain cook, they promised us over and over the cook would be there, when they showed up, they replaced the cook with another person. However, that wasn't that big of a deal.... They were supposed to show up at 3pm when the party started but didn't arrive until 4:30PM.  Apparently Arizona Freeways are very confusing and they couldn't figure out how to get to the East Valley. Instead of keeping me in the loop on when they were coming, I ended up having to call them every 15 minutes after they were extremely late.. Thankfully for their sake, their food is excellent... However I wouldn't trust them to show up at any of my parties going forward.
4	We used these guys to cater street tacos for our daughter's 1yo birthday party.If you have an upcoming event and need awesome food and great service at a great price, use Taqueria Guadalajara.  These are legit street tacos.   Hector was my contact person, and he was very accomodating and professional. We ended up increasing the guest list significantly near the party, and it was no problem. 4 types of meat are included - went with carne asada, chicken, chorizo, and al pastor (pork). All four were good, but the consensus was that the al pastor was the best.    David came out to our house and set up about an hour before food was to be served. He started grilling, and set out the vegetable bar, which was huge. There were pickled onions, carrots/jalapeno, some sort of slaw, lettuce, pico de gallo, onions, and green and red salsas. David was extremely courteous, and stayed to serve until the last person was done eating - in 100 degree heat outside. Cleanup was great, you wouldn't even know they were there.   I gave 4 stars instead of 5 because David did leave a "Tips" box out on the table. My feeling is that at a catered party, it is the host's responsibility to tip for good service. Expecting the guests to tip is a little awkward. Just my opinion, but not a huge deal. Would use them again in a heartbeat, as will many of my guests.
5	We used the taco cart for my 30th birthday this past weekend and we came away very impressed. Eduardo was the guy that came to our fiesta, and he was incredible. When he arrived, we experienced a haboob and he immediately stepped in and helped bring in our decorations and furniture. He waited about 30 minutes until serving because we were unsure if the haboob was going to attack again. My wife and I are both in the restaurant biz and so were many of the guests, we all came away impressed with the food quality. Next time we throw a party, we will use them again! Make sure to get the el pastor and carnitas. Great job Hector & Eduardo.
5	The food and service were fantastic.   We used the tqueria service for my birthday party and it couldn't have been better.  Oscar was our server and he was a real trooper.  A large storm rolled in that night and he had to move the cart and set up into the garage (which was very hot) and he did not complain once.  I felt bad for him but he just kept on serving some of the best tacos we had ever had.It was so much fun that several friends have mentioned that they will likel have one at thier next party.  One of the guests in from LA was so impressed that he has ordered one for his daughters 2nd birthday next month in LA.  Hector and Olivia couln' t have been nicer.  The selection of meats is so good you hate to limit the choices to just 4.  I would definately use them again.  The service and food were both exceptional.
1	We utilized their catering service for a baby shower, IT WAS THE WORST SERVICE!!!!! The people were supposed to be set up by 2 P.M. they were super late. They were not ready to serve until about 3:00. They sent two girls for the catering, they couldn't even unload the supplies we had to unload everything for them. They finally got set up but the flame kept going out on their stove, so that held them back for an extra 20 minutes or so. We had about 48 guests show up and ordered food for 60 guest. The portion size for each taco was tiny and all of the guests were complaining. The food ran out and not all of the guests had ate. I had to run to the store to buy more meat to cook and asked the cook to make it. She got mad and said that was not part of her job even though they were still within the time they contracted to be at the baby shower. She also ran out of paper plates and had to supply her with our own. The server that came out was BLANCA, she was here with her daughter. I will never return to their taco shop or recommend their catering service to anyone. DO NOT USE THIS PLACE FOR CATERING SERVICE, THEY WILL BE LATE AND NOT BRING ENOUGH FOOD FOR YOUR GUESTS.
3	My husband and I came to this restaurant in hopes of a good torta ahogada. Therefore, replacing the place we visit in Chandler.  At the time of ordering a lady which might of been the owner was in the back of the register grabbing chips and all sorts of things, but that isn't my problem. She went to grab chips no gloves no nothing and just grabbed the chips out with her hand when the tongs were next to the chips. Needless to say we and the people after that were served out of the same tray with the tongs. I realize this might not be a major crime, but please she looked at me as she did it. If these things are going on with customers watching what might be going on in the back where we cannot see. We should of maybe listened to all of the reviews on the tacos and just done the drive to Chandler for a torta ahogada. The torta just tasted like a carnitas (pork meat sandwich) with the red salsa they provide at the bar poured on top. I had a regular quesadilla de asada, which consisted of mainly fat. The service was really good the lady taking our order was friendly and the food did come out fast. But friendliness and fast food doesn't bring customers back.
5	We hired Taqueria Guadalajara for a grad party yesterday. I read the reviews before hiring them but was a little nervous because reservation was made online rather than person to person. I did call Friday to confirm and the gentleman I spoke with knew exactly who I was and the time of my event. The mother- daughter pair (Blancas) arrived  on time and ready to go! The set up was incredible and the food was fabulous. THeir salsa and condiment bar was the best I have seen- so many salsas and vegies. The ladies were friendly and professional and our 50 guests were all impressed. We have many family functions and parties at our house and I would say that this was in the top three for parties. Couldn't have asked for anything more. I will look for a reason to use them again because it was so good.
5	Amazing food, Amazing service!  So great that I am on their website booking them for another party at our home! Thank you for being so professional and cooking delicious food.
5	If you need a party catered - this is the place "Taqueria Guadalajara". I have used this company several times for events. Everything is FANTASTIC - the food, the service, the price. They show up to your event with everything all way down to the grill. All you need to do is schedule it!! You will love them:)
5	I was kinda scared to try a new taco place honestly this is probably the best taco place in phoenix, due to the location I didn't expect it to be as clean as it was. I'm very impressed. The carne asada tacos were wonderful, not full of lard. They have a salad bar with different type of salsa that is fresh!!! This is our new taco joint!!!
4	I used the taco cart for catering a birthday party for 50 people. They arrived on time,  set up quickly, and were all super friendly. The food was amazing!  I got chicken,  carne casada, and carnitas. Everyone at the party raved about the food and many have already asked for the contact info to use themselves.  I plan on visiting the restaurant for lunch as well. The service is easy & convenient since they bring everything they need,  including plates,  utensils,  and napkins, then clean everything up before they go.  You also get to keep whatever is left over. I researched several companies before choosing Taqueria Guadalajara and picked them from all their positive reviews. I'm so glad I chose them!
