5	I have been going to see Dave and Rick with my pets for over 10 years now. They are simply the best...so attentive and kind as are all of the staff. Don't be put off by the goofy name..they are very professional and experienced. It is kind of hard to see from the street, but the office is in the corner of the strip mall on the northwest corner of Rural and Elliot.
2	Took my dog in today for a skin issue. The vet went on and on about what it could be ad why it could be that and why it might not be something else. Then he wanted to do a $150 blood test. My dog is barely a year old and a Chinese Crested who are known for having sensitive skin. Why he wanted to do a full blood panel (besides the money) is beyond me. I declined that service but did take the oral antihistamines and topical stuff.  The support staff was excellent though and the receptionist was very personable. I just wish I could find a vet that didn't treat their business like a car mechanic... banking on your ignorance to make money. The office could use some sprucing up for sure.Total bill was $155.00
5	I won't take my dog anywhere else!Lola is a pretty unhealthy 3 year old Lhasa Apso. She was a rescue that came from a puppy mill and and an abusive master. I love her with all my heart but I swear you can look at her wrong and she'll fall deathly ill. Last year I took her in when she was very sick and they diagnosed her with pyrometra. The doctor was so helpful and informative and even let me set up a payment plan because I couldn't afford the surgery up front. By now they know her and her various issues. A few months back I took her in because she was starting to growl in the dark at the foot of my bed. They checked her for night blindness and her hearing then determined that she's just a grumpy old lady. They didn't charge me for the visit like most vets would have. They've also been very good about keeping me from having to visit. Before I came here I would have to take Lola to the vet at least once a month, but now our visits are few and far between. The receptionists and nurses are sweet as pie and made me feel very comfortable when I was bawling my eyes out waiting for my dogs surgery to be finished. Alright so, in the end...I love it here
5	Our friends who have been bringing their pets here for over  decade recommended them.  Staff is VERY nice, and always know who I am when I call or come into the office.  Reasonably priced, great value for the services provided.  Always helpful when one of our three pets gets sick and we need to make last minute appointments.
5	Doctor Rick is an excellent, caring vet.  He took care of our Casey for years and when her last day was upon us made the whole awful experience more bearable. His kindness won't be forgotten and continues to be greatly appreciated.A great, caring staff that supports his efforts makes Dave & Rick's Dog & Cat Repair the best of the best!
5	I have a small pack with two dachshunds and a boxer.  Dave and Ricks has amazing staff, they're great with the dogs.  The vet is a bit on the dry side when dealing with the humans, but he's a cupcake when it comes to handling the pups.  That's way more important to me.  When my middle child had surgery to remove a growth he even called me that night and later that week to check up on her.  They're thorough and really want to provide the best possible care.
5	I have been going to Dave and Rick for 16 years now, they have helped us through the ages from a menagerie of animals (cats and dogs) - we have had plenty of emergencies over that time and they and their staff have always been amazing.  As the animals aged they were kind and compassionate about their last days, and even sent the kids condolence cards to remember their animals by.  I always refer my friends and family to them!
2	Disappointed. Our German Shepherd we now know has enzyme deficiency, after running MULTIPLE (more than one, two, even three) tests trying to figure out what it was that was causing him to lose drastic weight and diarrhea. We had done our own research and wondered if it was EPI but before taking that specific test, they convinced us that would be last resort. Fine. We paid the $200+ each time, and finally we know what is wrong with him, it was the "last resort" we already figured it was. The medication for him is very expensive for a little amount so naturally, after a couple months of ordering through these guys we attempted to find more affordable pricing through other prescription websites for pet meds. Long story short after knowing what we have been through with our dog (and having him crap in their office on more than one occasion), WE had to do the legwork in finding a place IN ARIZONA that carries his medication. Did they help? At the littlest amount they could. And in the least bit of urgency. They cared about his well-being when he was sick but that's all. I have asked questions that they "just don't know" and "you will have to look it up". Thanks guys. I have more than once told them he is completely out of medication and we need to order ASAP, and that we are having a hard time affording the medication through them. Again, in one ear and out the other, no sympathy or concern to help. We took our dog to another vet and boom medication ordered (HALF THE PRICE) and it's on its way already. We are done taking our dog here.P.S. I do want to add that there IS *a* very knowledgeable & kind receptionist that works there, who was the most of help. I'm saddened that it's such a poor review for ONE helpful employee who deserves a 4-5 star herself and wish I spoke with her instead of whomever else was running the desk during my recent communications.
