4	Very friendly staff and always willing to offer a helping hand. I accidentally left my wallet in a shopping cart a few weeks ago. I returned about 20 mins later and was told by member services that one of the boys that retrieves the carts found it and turned it in. Everything was still in even the cash. Someone also always seem to be around the water section to help me lift and put a couple of cases in my cart. My son and I also have lunch here sometimes. Hot dog combo pizza slice and an icee all for less than $5!
4	Sams clubs are all warehouse shopping, and this location is nice.  Good private lot out front with plenty of parking.  Bright inside, spacious aisles.  And best of all, food samples pretty much any time I have been there.  The team working there seems happy and content so their management must not be like at a Walmart.  (Lucky for them)Like any store, just because it is a warehouse does not mean you will get the best prices here, but hey, shop smart applies everywhere.  There are some deals to be had here, but watch those prices!!Enjoy!
4	always go to the clearance section. Look at reduced meats and cheeses.
4	Have always liked Sam's Club over Costco. Since we moved to Surprise, Sam's Club is our only choice! This place has a huge parking lot, very easy to access, just like any other warehouse, not much to ad. Their bakery is great, always sending out fresh bread. Our biggest fave is their pizza, not there cooked? But their pre-made refrigerated pizza is awesome. Just take it home and pop in the oven for 15 minutes. A very good pizza! But their snack bar is awesome also. Pizza and dogs are great!!
4	It's closer than Costco where I used to be a member before I moved to Surprise. They always have good deals on fresh fruit and bulk household items. I mainly have the membership to take advantage of the eye center. The doctor at the eye center is very professional and friendly and I would recommend their eye services dept to anyone.
4	Love the store bright friendly not super crowded greatness smiles from employees but have to say I don't like seeing hickey's the size of a half dollar on the neck of young male cashiers. Call me old fashioned just seems unprofessional.
4	We love this Sam's Club.  It is well lit, well organized, well stocked and clean.  Employees (in our experience) have always been friendly and helpful.It is a pleasure shopping at this Sam's.  We find everything we need (and then some), prices are great ....what you expect at Sam's.  Their produce is exceptional quality and they have a great variety and selection of items.Their eatery inside is pretty good.  Great prices (you can get a large slice of pizza and a large drink combo fro $2.59)  They also offer Nathan's hotdogs, chicken sandwiches, churros and ice cream sundae with berries (delicious).Parking is plentiful, wish it was better lit for night shopping, but otherwise just fine.We are so happy this Sam's is here in Surprise! It is conveniently located off 303 and Bell.  We visit so much we know some of the regular employees by name.  Always a pleasure!Definitely WORTH checking out and shopping if you live in/near Surprise!TIP:  You can buy a pizza there uncooked and they will cook it for you to take home freshly baked!
5	Compared to other Sam's, I'd say this place is better stocked, well organized and cleaner.  We only came here in passing but was definitely impressed with the store.  Would definitely come here again if we are in the area.
3	Went shopping today with the kids. I remember back in the beginning days SAMs was cheap, and you could find almost everything you needed. From beds, clothing, food, fish, and more. I think they have lost their original purpose. I've noticed over the past year that the selection has changed and the prices are way up. I get it, prices have to adjust with the economy, but it doesn't feel like a membership bonus store anymore.  As a business that connects with Wal-Mart, I'm surprised by this. Surprise doesn't have a Costco, maybe they are taking advantage of this? Some items are cheaper at Walmart or even Frys, for the same brand and size. My membership is up in May, I won't renew. I'll make the drive to Arrowhead and renew with Costco. The variety is better, and I won't get stuck with the snowbirds who only come here for lunch - which really means all of the sample hoarding. Even keeping the membership for gas savings alone isn't worth it.
4	I like Sam's Club way better than Costco.  Sue it's just warehouse shopping but this location is nice.  Plenty of parking right out front which I appreciate.  Inside is well lit, large and roomy aisles.  The food samples are always great and the employees are pleasant and helpful.  I highly recommend!
5	I'm going to review the tire shop. I have had several experiences with the shop over the years. The first encounter was when I bought a set of Craigslist wheels. My steering wheel was shaking really bad, and I brought my car in to get them checked out. The one guy brought me into the tire shop (which is rare and appreciated) and showed me that I had a bent rim and four, 8 yr old tires. Although I was upset with my craigslist purchase, I was happy that they gave me so much helpful info. When I went to buy new tires, they were the cheapest BY FAR. They had the special order tires in within a week, and installed them in an hour or so. My only complaint is that they didn't call me when they were done. Who cares? Overall, kudos to these knowledgable, gracious, and awesome tire guys!
4	I am a fan of this location because it conveniently located off the 303  not to far from the office. I do find some things that are cheaper than the location by my home. that is weird. Well I like this one because the lines are not so long when I go. But maybe that is because it is not the weekend.  I will continue to come to this location. Oh and I really like the yogurt parfaits they are the bomb and cheap.
2	I really like this location, but today makes the third time I've bought meat that is bad. All the expiration dates have been 2 weeks or more away, yet, I've had 2 ground turkeys that smelt like death, and now a twin pack of bacon.  I think I will continue to shop there for other products but never anymore meat. I will renew and travel to costco for my meat because I've never had an issue there. Aside from the 50 dollars I've wasted on meat here, it is a great location staff is friendly and stock is maintained.
5	I saw a deal on Living Social for a membership. See link below.   (I think it expires in a few days...chop chop if you are interested).https://www.livingsocial.com/deals/1275742-sam-s-club-plus-membership-gift-card-foodYou get a one year membership, 4 free items AND a $20 gift card on the spot, all for $45.00.  That simply cannot be beat!   We came in at about 7pm tonight to redeem our certificate.  The lady helping us out at guest services was extremely friendly and helpful.  Total time up at the desk was only about 5 minutes or so.  Once we got out memberships, we decided to do some shopping.It's reminded me of a "boutique" Costco kind of.  It had a lot of the same items but was just a little bit smaller.  We got some bottled water, salami, cheeses, pineapple, grapes etc.  The produce looked very fresh compared to the local grocery stores around town.  Prices were on par for other warehouse type places.Why 5 stars?  The cashier and workers were very friendly, this place is only 5 minutes from my house (Costco is 20 minutes), prices are good AND its not crowded at all.  $45.00 for a year membership is worth it on its own....throw in the fact that you get the gift card and some free things (cookies, bread, roasted chicken and a spinach dip), this makes it a no brainer as far as value goes.  We will come here often and stock up on supplies!
