4	For the life of me I can't remember the name of the old man pub that was here before, but I'm sure that's my brain doing me a flavor. It just smelled like a nursing home.Thankfully that smell has been replaced with the smell of Youth and Money! Mezz is a huge improvement, feels alot more friendlier and they have hired better staff. Drinks are moderately priced, it won't break the bank but you'll be pretty skint.The best part is, according to the waiting staff, alot of the old regulars have migrated to the new bar and were still perfectly happy to call it their local. Awww.
4	When I first moved to the Broughton area, it took us a really long time to sort out Internet. Therefore Mezz became our second home. Being cheap Scots, we would take our laptops along and order a Pepsi so we could use the Wife. We would then nurse said Pepsi for a good couple of hours so we could sit around as long as possible. It always seemed like during the week this place was full of students and the unemployed who were taking advantage of the free Wife while nursing glasses of Pepsi. We came here for lunch one Saturday and it was pretty packed. The food was quite good, not amazing but enjoyable. I had some sort of bagel which could have done with some more filling. My super picky eater friend ordered the French Onion soup which she hated. I, not being a picky eater, tried it and it was delicious so her opinion doesn't count.
2	Situated on the corner of London Street and Broughton St, Mezz really should be a classier place. Unfortunately it fails to tick any of my boxes. I ended up in here for the first time a few nights ago because my usual haunt was packed to the gunnels (damn The List's Eating and Drinking Guide!). Mezz seems to be the style bar that time forgot; once upon a time back in 2003 this was probably a really cool place to hang out, but now the leather(ette) dining chairs and dodgy carpet seem decidedly past it. It's a shame because it has a really great location, I reckon with a bit of interior design wizardry and perhaps the services of a brand consultancy, this could be a decent place to hang out. Until those changes are made though, I shall be spending my evenings elsewhere.
2	So....The pros:- The company.- The cocktails.- The thick cut chips.- Airy, and vibrant in the summer weather.- The inebriated yet friendly old-timer who mistook me for someone else on the way out.The cons:- The unclear Itison voucher that couldn't have been more wordy and contradictory if it tried.- The inattentive waiter who took 10 mins to even notice us, and even then only after I went over and gave him a nudge.- The waitress who told us what the soup of the day was... then promptly felt the need to advise us against it!- The Haggis Balls with whisky mayo sauce.... oh wait... hold on... nope... nope, that's just plain old mayo in a shot glass...!- The burger that couldn't have been drier if it had been lost in the Sahara.- The aforementioned chips... more than 6 of them would've been nice.- The cook who A) couldn't help but stare, and B) thought it appropriate to moan at the other staff right in front of our table.- The complete lack of enthusiasm, professionalism or customer service from all involved.Not even if Groupon are giving them away.... avoid.
3	This place was good, but it has changed names now and possibly ownership.
