4	Because I pack for business trips much like I do everything in my personal life (last minute and completely haphazardly), I tend to head out on the road without things.  Like underwear or a top for the outfit I planned to wear on day two.  Lucky for me, I know this about myself and will throw in an extra bottom & top or two just in case.  Not so lucky for me, I don't always think about how those thrown together extras will look or if they even fit me anymore.  I am slowly learning my lesson here.Thank goodness Arizona Center is near my hotel.  I have never shopped at a NY&Co before, so I don't know how this location compares.  I can tell you this - the staff is disinterested, finding your size is like going on a treasure hunt (petites here, talls here, averages six racks away, you like this pant - they probably have it in more colors upstairs, because why not), but if you stick with it, you're bound to find some deals.I found the black top I came in for (and am wearing it with the appropriate outfit thankyouverymuch), plus a pair of pants for only $9.99!!  Score!
4	I like this store because they more often than not, have sales on their accessories. Usually if you buy one item get the other half price or something like that. They always have something cute in store and I usually pick something up although I don't shop that often since I make my own clothes. Sometimes you just can't resist factory labor clothing.If you go up the winding staircase to the second floor, there are jeans and more clothing. If you sign up for their email they are always having 50-70% off sales online. They also cater to tall women, petite, and full-figured. A great place to shop if you are looking for office sexy clothes that are appropriate.
4	Teacher Appreciation discount was great!  Love going to the downtown store; so massive and filled with awesome clothes.
5	This place is at the Arizona Center located in Phoenix.  I LOVE this store!  I love the style of the clothes here.  Very work appropriate and professional.  I have never had a bad experience at this place.  You can literally shop and grab Subway right next door afterwards.I like the staff here because they are very patient and helpful.  I am that shopper that browses online and knows what I want to get when I arrive.  (Makes shopping quick)  Be sure to ask the associates for your blue ticket for parking so your covered parking is free!
