4	How am I ever going to lose weight? The club sandwich has 2 types of animal in it, and not much salad. Everything comes with fries or potato salad. Its delicious, and sits in my stomach like a brick.We go into the gaming room for some $3 blackjack, and the attendant explains to us when it's good to hit, sit, and double up. Obviously we didn't get it, as we both sit there waiting for her to deal when we haven't got any bets out. Chappy laughs heartily at us gambling novices.
3	Wow, so I'm not even the first to review this place. Just got back from four days in Henderson / Vegas and I got a room here that was a comp, so I have no  clue how much it even costs, but here is the low-down. Its obviously a bargain type hotel/ casino. They do have a $1.00 breakfast to bring people in, and its marginal, but as soon as you walk in the doors of the hotel/casino, you instantly get that tobacco smell that seems to linger until you get in your non-smoking room, provided thats where you are. The run down elevators are a microcosm to what kind of place it is, but the rooms are clean and the air works so once inside, its a decent and roomy place. Surprising was the bed I had. Actually a comfortable mattress, so the decent black-out curtains allowed me to sleep in a bit. i can't comment on the gambling there since I don't gamble, but overall, my experience was decent. I advise you to stay away from the lunch buffet. Bland food, orange colored water they pass off as orange juice, and our waitress seemed like she couldn't wait to get home. Can you blame her? I've always thought, if you want to know how the food is, look around at the people eating it. After looking at the people eating it, I wanted to get the holy H out of there. Then again, that goes for most of the city anyway. I hate Vegas. I only went for a reunion of friends/family. Oh, did I mention it was 104 just about everyday? Ok, now I'm just bitching for the sake of bitching. My favorite character was the woman that worked in the gift store. She had that 'been there, done that' look about her, and every time I walked by the place, the security guard was watching the counter and she was outside smoking. Overall, I would stay there again if I'm in a pinch. If you're going to Vegas though, its too far from the strip to be practical. I happen to love the Venetian, if you don't mind shelling out for it.
1	Pass the Railroad Pass Casino.  Do not stop, do not slow or some of the mediocre marginal food,  decor and overall theme may get on your shoes.I made the mistake of stopping here for dinner.  Dinner!  What the hell was I thinking?  What can I say.  I was hungry, it was getting late.  They didn't even have the buffet that they were advertising on the light board!  It was closed...then take it off the freaking sign!This place is pretty much a truck stop, nothing more.  OK maybe a little something more.  An ashtray.  I'll stop now before it gets ugly.
4	My husband and I were surprised to read the negative reviews about this casino as our experiences there were all positive.  We found this little gem on the way back from visiting Hoover Dam 2 weeks ago on our vacation in Vegas and decided to check it out.  It was cold and windy outside of the casino somewhere in the low 40's.  For 2 Hawaii people that is frigid.  Walking into the casino to the welcoming warmth was wonderful.   Since we never went to Railroad Pass during the morning hours I can't comment on their breakfast or lunch or the crew who work the early shifts.  Our visits were always after 5:00 p.m. through about midnight.Our focus when we travel to Vegas is craps and we headed to the crap table delighted to see the table minimum was only $1.  The crew there  is absolutely the best.  They  were warm and friendly and we can't say enough about the pit boss "Monte" who is by far the nicest pit boss we have met in all of Vegas.  We could tell he genuinely likes people and we felt welcomed by him and his crew.After shooting craps we headed to the rear of the cozy casino the the Iron Rail Cafe.  The hostess, Darla, was warm and pleasant just like the rest of the employees there.  Our waitress, Cheryl, was also very efficient and nice.  I had the salmon and my husband had steak.   The fish was moist and flaky meaning it was fresh and cooked perfectly.  My husband's steak was cooked medium rare, the way he ordered it.  The second time we both had steak and shrimp and that was cooked well too.   I didn't care much for the chicken breast appetizers because they were dry and overcooked, but the potato skins, buffalo wings and fried mozzarella were good.  The vegetables that come with the entrees are canned instead of fresh or frozen.   Probably the best surprise was their banana cream pie!  It is deliciously fresh and creamy and sinful.  We had to eat it again the next time we visited there because it surpasses any banana cream pie we have eaten.  Yes, we even chose it over the strawberry shortcake which I hear is awesome.  Food aside, we drove all the way out to Henderson 4  times during our trip mainly to spend time with the crew and gamble.  If we had discovered Railroad Pass the first week of our vacation we would have gone there even more often.  It was out of our way really but that is how much we like it there.   You can't beat a $1 minimum crap table with an awesome crew.  By the way, the slot machines we played seemed to be a bit looser than other casinos so I actually made some money a couple of times and didn't lose as much as I normally do at other casinos.We feel at home at Railroad Pass and would like to experience staying there for a couple of nights to see what that is like.  The only reason I didn't mark this casino at 5 stars is because we haven't spent  any time lodging there.  If we do I will write another review about our experiences.
5	My friend and I stopped here for lunch on our way to a hike near Lake Mead.  The lunch buffet was only $6.99, so we said what the heck and did that.  It was surprisingly good and actually had a good selection.  The staff members were really friendly, too.Didn't stay in the hotel, but did play in the casino for a little bit.  Had fun.  They have a display about the history of the property, which you don't see too in casinos.  All in all, a very enjoyable stop.
1	After a trip to Hoover dam, the fam and I were starving, so we decided to check out this lunch buffet at Railroad Pass.  This was probably the worst mistake of the trip.  Yes, the buffet was only, seriously, $7/person, but I now understand why.  Ugh.The theme of the buffet was "Asian" food, so I knew it wouldn't end well.  No one should really cook "Asian" food unless they are actually Asian.  (....and I'm pretty sure the chefs were there not of any sort of Asian descent.)  I lightly sampled some of the "safe" foods, like orange chicken, beef and broccoli, pot stickers and fried rice.  Mistakes.  All of them.  I then opted for the sandwich bar and scarfed down some roast beef.  I left feeling pretty ill (like, really), so I'm not sure if I can attribute that feeling to the food or to sun poisoning.  Either way, I still can't bring myself to eat a roast beef sandwich without associating it with this buffet.  So, in conclusion, if you are starving and you pass this place, please keeeep on moving and get back to Vegas ASAP to enjoy a GOOD buffet.
1	My wife went on a bus tour which stopped here for lunch and I thought it was a joke when we pulled in, but we figured we could give the buffet a shot.  While waiting in line we noticed two things: 1 was that the buffet was normally $7 and that today happened to be asian theme day.  I got the orange chicken, pot stickers, and pork fried rice...and took one bite from each..and about died from an overdose of sodium.  Overall the food was so salty and mushy it was unedible.  My wife opted to give the salad bar a shot, which was fine till she tried the carrot stick which was mushy on the outside but still frozen rock hard on the inside.  We decided dessert was probably the safest thing to try, so we grabbed a pecan pie, and a brownie...how bad can that be right...Well the pecan pie resembled the carrot, extremely mushy on the outside and frozen solid on the inside.  The brownie was edible, but not by much.  After lunch we still had over an hour to kill at the casino, so my wife and i dropped $5 each into the penny slots and  played for as long as we could while being overwhelmed by cigarette smoke.  We ended up just waiting outside for the last half hour.
4	old landmark still smells kinda funky when you walk in but it has been like that for about the last 20 or so years that i can remember..lots and lots of old peoples with cains and walks and oxgen bottles.
4	I dont understand the horrible reviews....i guess im lucky i didnt go on asian night for the buffet...but i had the lunch buffet here as part of my hoover damn tour and honestly it wasnt bad! they were making fresh omlettes, waffles etc in addition to the normal buffet items...i hate eggs and i devoured the omlette, it was made to perfection...i mean yes it isnt bellagio but come on, dont be surprised at that..
4	This is another old school casino. I like to stop here from time to time just for breakfast. Good food, Large portions, low prices,and very friendly waitresses..You can't go wrong !
3	Eh, the buffet is mediocre at best but was plentiful. Nothing special in the offerings but the salad was fresh and a few sides made it a filling meal. Staff very friendly and attentive even with the buffet. Kept the drinks full and the smiles coming.
4	The steak house is good . No res and still got us in and out in one hour. French onion soup was good . Sea bass not bad . Dinner for two with drinks OTD 90 will go back
4	Great old smokey hotel and casino. You never have to wait for a drink, even at nickle poker. The dollar breakfast or whatever the price is these days is good, everything is buttered, just the way I like it. Certainly not a high class joint and I would not want to stay here but for a low key slumming it is a fun place.
4	Nice hotel to visit with a view of the "not so full" Lake Mead". Very friendly staff, and seems to be full of people
4	The Railroad Pass Hotel has been serving people since 1931. I have been visiting it since 2006. It was a difficult decision whether to give it a 3 star or 4 star rating. The deciding factor was Railroad Pass Casino' s support and connectivity to Southern Nevada's precious River Mountains Loop Trail. Because I adore the River Mountains Loop Trail, I rounded my rating up to 4 stars. I separated my review on Railroad Pass into sections.The Entrance:  Let me get to the point. Railroad Pass is no Bellagio.. It is an old school casino off US 93 at the Boulder City and Henderson border. It is not aiming for high rollers. Railroad Pass gets people into their property through inexpensive food and beer. When we drive toward Boulder City we have all seen the Railroad Pass sign advertising a rib or buffet special. Hanging from the building is an advertisement for $1 beer.  The parking lot is all surface. Toward the back of the building there is a trailhead parking lot of the River Mountains Loop Trail. There are more mobile homes than Corvettes parked in this parking lot.The public areas:   The casino is small. Totally old school. Immediately after entering the casino, there is a bar to the left. On Saturday night there is an entertainer performing songs. I assume this is where the $1 beer is. To the right are the restaurants. The buffet looked unappealing. However, the Iron Rail Cafe is a value. This value also influenced my rating. I will be writing a review on it. In this area is the Railroad Bar and a steak house. If you continue straight from the entrance, you will pass computerized and table gaming.  Halfway to the left is the Heritage Room. It is a small museum. It displays newspaper articles on the Hoover Dam and Boulder City. Being in a casino, it is expected that there are antique slot machines.   Further ahead  is the gift shop and hotel registration. There is insufficient literature on the rooms here. The only thing I could write about staying here is that MGM Resorts owns the property.  When I playef Caveman Keno here, it was old school all the way. This was my first gaming experience being served a beer by a man on the staff instead of by a cocktail waitress. The games are modern to the point that it is ticket in ticket out. Their website advertises $1 Craps and $3 Blackjack. The Exit:  When you walk out of the Mirage you have the volcano. When you walk out of the Bellagio you have the Fountains. But, when you walk out of Railroad Pass Casino you have the River Mountains Loop Trail parking lot. The Railroad Pass Casino supports the River Mountains Loop Trail with a maintained parking lot and trailhead.In my opinion this is a better attraction than the Mirage Volcano. When I exit Railroad Pass Casino in the afternoon, I usually get onto the River Mountains Loop Trail.  Lately I have been visiting the Railroad Pass for dinner. After exiting, I hop on the 95 and Henderson is a few minutes drive away.The Yelp 100 Challenge Review 34 of 100.
4	Great food & super friendly staff! Older hotel but clean & well kept! A historic gambling site for those who want the old school style treatment.
4	I took my out of state friends here for a Sunday brunch on our way to tour the Dam.  We almost went for the typical brunch. But then we were told about the breakfast bar in the next room. You can order made to order omelettes, Waffles, pancakes and they had a buffet bar as well.  My eyes were much bigger than my stomach, the omelette was very good, waffle with fresh berries was great, everything I tasted was very good. The service was good as well.
3	Lots of food & drink deals at the bars and restaurants, including $1 food and beer. This is an older casino and retains some of the charm of an 80 year old property. I went here a few years ago for the Pass's inaugural "comedy nights". I couldn't resist checking this out, and even played a little in the smoky casino. The comedy show was not well attended, and they had it for 4 weeks. I did enjoy the shows, but I don't think they have done any since then. The buffet is OK, it offers standard fare for a reasonable price.
4	Overall, a great deal! It is a small buffet, and obviously some things are better than others. But there is a good selection, and the Philly cheesesteak station was awesome! Great variety on the salad bar. You can make your own sandwich. Plenty of hot dish options, with a lot of variety. Quite a few dessert selections to choose from as well, including sugar-free options. Sunday evening dinner was only $9.18, you can't beat that!
3	I spent one day in Vegas this weekend and it had to be the most eventful one day road trip ever. Maybe the whole Hangover movie was putting out energy vibes my way or something. Anyway, here is my lighthearted and long winded review of the Casino/hotel that I stayed in. It is Tongue and Cheek of course but I wondered about it before I booked it so I am being thorough for my Yelpers. To stay in Henderson or the Strip??? Well, it depends on your goal in Vegas. Ask yourself, "Why am I in Vegas?" Then of course keep it to yourself because of you know, the whole "unwritten" rule thing.-lol-- If you just want a place to sleep and have a car this is the best deal in town. It really is and I am not kidding. 49 bucks for a Sunday night stay in a full casino type of resort. (No crazy extra resort fees either) I think the next night was like 18 dollars a night. Jezhhhhh! I looked all over for a hotel/motel that was cheaper and came up with "Nada." In fact most were double the price. I only needed one night to lay my head down before the long ride back home. I did notice though that their Saturday rate was 79 dollars. All other places were way over $150 for that date. I was all set to book another place for my one night. This place will remain nameless. Let's just call it the Norman Bates Inn. You know, it is one of those seedy motels hookers go to, in a very dubious part of Downtown/Strip. Let's also just say, it is an open style courtyard motel where all the doors open to the Morgue, Errrr,  Ummmmm, I mean parking lot, Ummmmmm, I mean street with no security, no services type of motel. You know the ones where they find dead bodies and all? And to boot, The Bates Inn even cost more. Now I am pretty brave at times, but why risk it? And why in the world would I pay more to view the oldest professions in town? So, this was a great deal because it kept me alive being an enclosed casino and all, (Just kidding, or am I?) has a small, full service, not very busy gaming area, (nothing fancy schmanzy which works out great for me) a few restaurants, two bars, and even a Players Club. ( I got a free room to come back just for signing up. WOW!) I wonder if the Bates Inn has a Bar? Sorry, I digressed there for a minute and not sure I want to even ponder that thought too much. So in the end this was a "steal" for just needing a bed and saving 30 minutes on the car ride home. The staff members were all either nice, disinterested, or spectacular. More of them were on the wonderful side. The head of housekeeping is a "Hoot" and The servers in the Cafe were really, really, nice. I see other Yelpers mentioned that too. It is a well deserved comment because they really were like the nicest ladies I have ever met in an eating establishment. The food is not all that great but it is passable and they will try to make it right. Please note, yes the rooms are very run down. This casino is very old. Historic. Check your key and paper to know what room you are really in despite what they tell you at the front desk. Now that's my first little secret Vegas story, wink, wink. The beds were pretty comfortable. I am not sure why another Yelper said no Alarm Clock. My room had a clock, lamps, beds, table, chair, wall unit ac that worked too freezing well, towels, iron, ironing board. Gosh Darn It, my room even had a TV too, not that I used it. The shower does have issues though. The shower is very old and is very hard to work. I got a great workout turning it on and off. I did notice some rust, or darker stains on the walls. I don't think it was mold but ya never know. (Just aged.) I personally did not care since it was clean. I was not in the room to spa it up or be fancy. I knew this was an old place before I got there and you should too. My room was just fine for the price.  Actually for the price I thought the room was even great. Go to the Strip if you want luxury. If you plan on drinking or hanging on the Strip this hotel is NOT for you. It is too far away at 20 miles or a 35 minute drive. No drinking and driving please. I don't care about the whole "unspoken rule" thing when it comes to a DUI right? I helped someone who got hurt at the Smith Center because he was drinking, walking, and trying to drive. When I finally arrived back at this hotel after numerous witness statements I was drenched in blood. True story number two! And here I thought the whole blood thing would happen over at Bates.  So, in a nutshell if you just need a room to crash or don't mind driving to your fun like a local, then stay here. Pros- Price, safety, location, Railroad/Vegas history memorabilia, The bar has a great window view, And yes, a train comes by outside, small casino if you do not gamble Cons- Location for Strip fun, run down/older facility if you want fancy, small Casino if you gambleChoo, Choo, Bye, Bye!
2	No frills casino, so don't expect it. It could be more dedicated to it's history.... Besides the coin slots and the "museum" that they have. Dark and smoke filled. Some nice employees, some.... Not so much.Don't dare come when it rains. There will be employees shuffling around buckets to try and collect the water. MGM owns this casino and you would think that they would pay some money to have the roof/ceiling repaired.... Ceiling tiles will be missing, yellow caution tape will be up, machines, tables and other various items will be covered with plastic to keep them from getting wet.
5	we were making a decision on where to go for a champagne brunch.  I read all the reviews and almost passed this place because of negative reviews.I am going to say that it depends on you.  If you search for a restaurant by who the chef is and what awards he has won nationally, then this isn't the place for you - actually no buffet is for you.  HOWEVER,  I AM a foodie, so I am a bit picky.  I want flavor and don't want it covered by salt or sugar.       6 of us enjoyed the breakfast without any complaints. The omelet station was full of every option we could think of.  And the omelet cook had skills.  One of the group couldn't figure out what to add (so many options) so he suggested that he make him the omelet that he cooks for himself.  Excellent job!They had 2 soups on the buffet - turkey and seafood bisque.  Generally a seafood bisque has no seafood - I was pleasantly surprised - and I commented that I would have been proud to have called it mine.  (and I make an amazing seafood chowder).          The options for breakfast we as you would expect:  pancakes, waffles,salads, sandwiches, fruit, all the breakfast meats, fried chicken, biscuits and gravy and the rest of what you would expect.       Right on the way to Hoover Dam - really - it is a light in the middle of the road to turn in.  And no wait at 12:00 on a Sunday afternoon.  The dining room wait staff was sufficient - her name was Miami Florida - she did just fine - I don't expect the Four Seasons service if I am not at the Four Seasons (their brunch is 40.00)    Didn't have room for dessert - (none of us could fit anything else)  so I'm not going to provide a review for them.My goal is to let you know that if you are interested in having a low priced breakfast, even on Sunday morning - you will be well satisfied.
2	The hotel rooms are very dirty and rundown we got smoke free rooms but they smell bad and plus they wer fles it's the worst hotel  the coffe shop is good the casino mmmm is tied up las time I went I won at least 100 dalers this. Time I los  and did not see any body like turist only local peple and the slots are old new. Lots
2	The casino itself is ok, had much better games then Green Valley, well, at least they had the ones I like to play... Ghost Busters, Hillbillies, Wizard.... Now... to the BAD part...THE BUFFET IS TERRIBLE!!!!!!!  everything was cold and gross! I felt like i was in the scene of Vegas Vacation with Clark and Cousin Eddy when they are at the buffet and Eddy goes, "Ill try some of the yella', gimme some of the blue..." It was so bad!  My dad basically just ate cold potatoes and ice cream.  The ONLY saving grace of that dinner was the guy making the cheese steaks!  BUT... they only serve those ONE night a week!
3	Overall an OK hotel. Stayed here a few times. The prices are usually a lot more fair than hotels closer to Vegas. Great hotel to stay at when in town for Supercross.
1	I love all you can eat buffet and the stake house the cafe restraunt I eat slots of food and I am still skinny I love that ever play machines there and sports tickets
4	OK. For $80 a night this place works.  I'm riding a motorcycle and they said I could park it right out front and I could see it from my room. I won $100 on roulette which paid for my room and dinner.  Best of all is that this place is totally old school.  Big tube TVs and push button phones.  It feels like you're in the past. Cool place.
2	It had nice clean sheets and the mattress  was plastic wrapped ... PositivesThe smokey smell is pretty bad .Very old fashioned , like a step back in time . Unique place .... Not really my normal place I would stay , but the price is so low it's almost unheard of . Also the cafe had very low prices for big portions.Just know that you will not be getting the Ritz but I don't think the Ritz charges $45.00
2	The casino is small and reeks of smoke and bengay. Our grandparents stayed here for a night as a pitstop as they drove from southern Arizona to Northern Nevada. The room was decent. I hope they didn't pay more than $50 for it. It had 2 squishy queen beds and outdated furniture. It was at least clean. It was exactly as I expected. The Steakhouse... What crap. We arrived at 6:20pm without a reservation as this is not a happenin joint, even for a Saturday night. There were 3 tables that had people at them. We waited for a few minutes, no one showed up, we walked in and peaked around, no staff in sight, finally a nice lady appeared and said she would go get the matre d. She walks next door to the cafe and a few minutes later the matre d walks over with to go bags of food... from the cafe. He asked if we had reservations and we said no. He said they were highly suggested, looked in his reservation book as if the place was super booked, but he would go set us up a table. A few minutes later a bus boy asked if we had been helped and if we had reservations. We said someone was setting up our table and no we did not have reservations. He then lectured us in the most rude way about how they are appreciated as they fill up and we should have made them as a courtesy and acted as if we were lucky to be eating there. We also got to hear about how they need to make sure they have enough staff to cover the tables coming in. While hearing this, we see carts of food being wheeled from the cafe over to the diners in the steakhouse. Why am I paying $22 for shrimp scampi and $27 for a NY strip that is coming from the same guy making the burgers and grilled cheese for $6 in the cafe? How is this considered upscale (ya know, for Boulder City...) So 10 minutes after we finally get seated we get our waiter to take drink orders. He was very nice. Our food took 40 minutes to come out. Reminder, there were 3, maybe 4 tables at this point. The place never got busy, we never even had anyone seated near us. The place was a ghost town. The food was meh. It also was what I expected. The shrimp were large and delightful, but accompanied by soggy overcooked pasta, the NY was nothing special and came with what tasted like boxed garlic mashed taters and overcooked cauliflower with cheese sauce, the regular cut prime rib our grandfather had looked freaking amazing and was huge, the halibut grandma got looked decent, but I did not care to taste it. We didn't get out of there for almost 2 hours from the time we walked up, ate and got our check. We didn't have drinks, appetizers, or dessert. Absolutely ridiculous. Don't act as if you are some fancy ass Strip steakhouse. Tourist aren't lining up and neither are the locals. Get a freakin grip. You need to do something about your awful staff. If you are going to act like a snobby steakhouse, then at least be nice to your guests, lower your prices and/or make better food.
2	Ok so i secretly like this place. I usually come here for the lunch buffet. The buffet is really small and also serves as an "EDR" for the employees. The food in this very small selection is usually well prepared. The casino is standard and bar is always full. The rooms here are meant to rest your head in, that's it. I found the bed to be a little uncomfortable and you CAN hear whoever is walking on the floor above you. The hotel hallways and room all have this eerie feel to them but hey the place opened in 1931!
3	Came in for lunch and gambled a bit afterwards. Ok atmosphere good for groups, 45+ crowd. Good buffet, great service from the cocktail waitresses. Staff is friendly, check it out.
1	We pulled in there on our way to Scottsdale.   It was memorial day and although the room was old and worn, we were okay....but hungry.   Went to Steak house,couldn't get in because they didn't have enough servers (had only 2 for the holiday), so went to buffet....YUK!   My dinner roll had green mold all over, tomato slices mushy, food was terrible.   Asked to see manager...instead Chef came out and was very flippant. Barbara Valle, the manager, refused to talk with us and the Chef told us "Well food doesn't always turn over when it should so it gets moldy".   Can you imagine a professional Chef saying this?   We were stunned.    Terrible Terrible place.   Marie, our server was so kind and sweet  and tried so hard to make things right.    DO NOT EAT AT THIS PLACE1
4	I've visited this place on and off since the 70s. This casino is a throwback to the old casino days when the hotels were smaller and smoke filled.They've done some remodeling over the years but if ya wanna know what the hotels in Vegas use to be like pay a visit to this place.
5	This place was great for us,  There were two fights in Vegas and all the rooms were well over a starting price of $100 and basically, you could not find a room. As we drove by we stopped here, they had 11 rooms left and we stayed for about 55 bucks.  The big pluses for us were good food that was well priced and decent rooms. Casino was nice too. Pancakes and eggs (and bacon I think) from late at night till early morning for $3.99. Nice dinners for way less than Vegas where it seems you can't get out of a place without paying $50 for dinner for two. Vegas used to have good food for cheap but not anymore. This place is a little like a step back in time. Nice staff too, our daughter forgot her pillow and we were going to write it off,  my wife called and Mark in security went and immediately found the pillow as if we had lost something particularly valuable.  He put it in a box and shipped to us, no questions asked and without asking us to pay the shipping which would have been fair. THNAK YOU Mark in security. You made us smile.It is also close to Hoover Dam (maybe 10 minutes or so) which we visited and was well worth the stop. You can also head to Searchlight and Cottonwood Cove (about 50 minutes) and go to the cove at night. Lay on the beach at the edge of the cove and watch billions of stars and count the falling ones. We counted about 20 in a few hours. Really, you should do this, one of those unplanned things that is magic. So beautiful. An unbelievable evening our family shared.
1	So after 17 years of passing this place driving to Vegas we finally decided to stop for the $6.99 buffet and "GIANT SALAD BAR."  So yes, its a "throwback" casino or as I prefer to say, whoever owns it isn't putting any money into it and reaping the benefits of running a dive-casino and hotel. While I'd never stay the night here (I'd rather sleep on the side of the road in my car and take my chances), the buffet was equivalent to a nursing home and doubles as the employee cafeteria. Standard mashed potato based foods and casseroles, spaghetti, mac & Cheese, fired chicken, and gravy all bland just like at grandmas retirement village. The "GIANT SALAD BAR" right; thats counting the tuna salad mix, macaroni salad, loaded potato salad, tuna macaroni salad, you get the picture....other than that its a normal salad bar.The ice cream was good, I know, I know "What do I expect for $6.99."
3	Nice old school place. Restaurant is always pretty good and reasonably priced just don't expect anything fancy but it's not that kind of place. Hotel rooms better than expected flat screen tv clean good air conditioning. Only negative was the bed. Very hard and not comfortable woke up sore but room very good price for amenities that you do get
2	Best to know what you're in for before you get here.  Located in Henderson, NV, Railroad Pass is about half way between Las Vegas and Hoover Dam.  It's a nice stop if you're making that trip.It's a sparse, older crowed.  Not a very big casino so, depending on the day and time, you may not find the gaming you are looking for.  We go there for the $1 craps tables - typically later in the day as well as weekends.  We got on a table around 4 or 5pm on a Friday and mostly had it to ourselves - very excellent!  While there, we needed to eat, so we tried the buffet.  Not great.  Some of the food was okay, but the steaks were below average (thin - not even sure what cut they were).  You could order the steak however you wanted (and watch them cook it), but it was pretty much random what you got.Bottom line - don't go there for the ambiance!  Go there for the $1 craps and, when you're done, return to where you were at otherwise and have your fun there.
1	Dishonest casino! I live a half mile away and drive 5 miles further to gamble as this casino is dishonest! When u play as much as I do u know when the odds don't stack up and its something other than a bad luck streak and I would bet my last dollar that this casino is dishonest and rigging there machines! I have put over 10k in the video poker machines with out a single 4 of a kind! I have also had about 10 separate incidents where I haven't won a single hand on the 100 bucks I put in the machine which I have never had happen anywhere else in the 15 years I have been gambling! You have been warned stay away from this dishonest sawmill of a casino or be prepared to have ur money stolen by crininals!
2	This is the oldest running casino in the nation!  That said it is Boulder City's first and only little attempt at a gaming resort.  Not much to see here.  Move along.  It is a bit dingy and old but the historical aspect is quite interesting.  Its casino license issued no. is #4.  The first 2 casino closed long long ago and the 3rd casino license is unknown.  It was built to cash in on the hard workers building the Hoover Dam back in 1931.  It was advertised that they had 25 Electric Fans to cool its patrons" back then, lol! There's a cafe, buffet and steakhouse.  All 3 serve the same giant fatty rough looking prime rib.  The only differences are they are cheaper at the cafe, thick as Hell in the steakhouse and only served on Saturdays in the buffet.  Not a great entree in comparison but it brings me back.  My parents loved to buy us the cheap special rib-eyes and I can give you a virtual tour of all the old cheapskate cheap steak spots, haha.  Nothing else makes up stop here on our way to Boulder city or Dam other than empty pockets.  There is a tiny museum room that has a wealth of info on the history of the dam that is worth the 10 minutes to read and inspect it all.  Thats all I got on this.
1	I was in the casino about 1 month ago. I will never go back!!  I wanted to play 21, there was two empty seats so I went over to one of them and the dealer told me someone was seating there so I went to the other one and the person next to that seat told me someone was seating there also. I was there with three other people who saw what was going on. The dealer saw I was not alone so she then said the seat was avelable.  I don't know what the dealer problem was but I will never be back the that casino. We were hoping with the the new ownership things would be better, I guss not.Mary Eugenio
2	I'll give them credit for reaching out after the review and offering a second chance on them. So here is the second chance review:They changed their advertising on the "Giant salad bar" which I didn't expect and a nice gesture to those who are vegetarian. This time it was a Sunday brunch, the omelet bar was nice, but items for the omelet could have been displayed as the cook seemed a bit bothered to tell them to me since I could not see them all behind the glass.Food taste was better and deserts were good. Table service was also better. Restaurant was still a bit dark and obviously they aren't going to update the interior anytime soon.Janitor used way too many chemicals in the bathroom that you could smell down the hall.In all it's not my top choice, I may revisit, but probably not.
5	Was sorely in need of a cool refreshing drink after visiting hoover dam on a very warm afternoon. Decided to stop here at this little casino in the middle of no where Nevada. So glad we did! This is a very historical place, oldest operating casino in America. You can play forever on some of their older slots (talking max bet 15 cents!) there is a little room in the casino that highlights the history of the casino and the area, which was really informative. Service was super friendly throughout the casino floor and at the bar. My thirst was quenched with great, comped drinks!This is a must stop in the middle of nowhere coming from, or going to, somewhere!
4	A very nice Casino as your entering Nevada from Arizona, they have a great selection of slot games and table games We didnt go to any of their restaurant options here, but the staff was very friendly and helpful.Its a nice place to stretch out your legs if your coming from Phoenix, and has some great scenery here!
