5	I'm embarrassed to say that for all the years I've been coming here (11) I neglected to write a review.  When I first moved to Arizona from Cali I would regularly make trips home to my hairdresser because I hadn't found anyone out here.  Trying to embrace change is never easy for me I suppose.  At the suggestion of a family member who had been going to Chris (female) for over 10 years I went as well.  I was never more impressed and was extremely pleased with the cost and overall cut.  For the last eleven years Chris has been cutting my hair.  She did my hair for my wedding.  She did my moms hair and my sisters hair.  She's great.  She listens to you, gives you exactly what you wanted.  She's totally reasonable.  You will NEVER leave disappointed.  She knows each client by name.  She's a lovely person to know personally and professionally.  She cuts hair for the young and old.  She's popular for a reason.  Whether your looking for just a trim or a whole new do Chris is your gal.
1	Poor selection with overpriced hair products. I could name a million other phx hair stores that blow this one out of the water when it comes to selection and pricing. Cute decor, but that's about it.
5	I have been coming to Pro Hair Salon & Beauty Supply for the last two years and have referred several friends male and female to come here. I've seen several different stylists at Pro Hair Salon & Beauty Supply and all have been great. My most recent cut with Jen was no different. She listened to what I wanted, and also took the time to recommend different products and options for adding volume to my straight, flat hair. Bottom Line: the prices are reasonable, they also do a student discount, which is great!, and they offer quality, friendly service
4	I have had 3 experiences with 3 separate stylists so far at Pro (I usually call last minute and take what I can get) and each one has been great. They are small but don't let the size fool you, this is a professional, charming, full service kind of spot. My favorite stylist so far is Sylyse!
