5	Had an awesome meal there! We got the All You Can Eat Menu, which was $18 a person, and we went wild trying different dishes. The vegan duck was great, as was the Imperial Chicken, and the Ravioli With Peanut Sauce. We also got several kinds of vegan sushi, which is a real treat for me! The shrimp maki, the eel maki and the kamikazi roll were all great, and seriously, I never get to eat vegan sushi like this, even in Los Angeles.On the All You Can Eat menu, everything is vegan, except for about 3 or 4 dishes that are clearly labeled as not vegan.Also, feel free to really go wild and order a bunch of different dishes. The portion sizes are small, so you can try out many different things. I think my husband and I had about 4 different sushi rolls and maybe 5 different entree dishes, plus rice. But be sure and pace yourself.... according to the menu, they will charge you for all uneaten food!!! :-D So, only order what you can eat and clean your plate!!! :-D :-DThis would be a great place to impress your vegan / vegetarian date or to go with a group of friends, so you can taste a ton of different food.
2	Sadly, the food here wasn't very good :/  I didn't even finish my milk tea...and I love milk tea!  The whole place was deserted at lunch time.  The food is just standard Chinese food like from Panda Express or something, except without meat.  But their fake meat recipe needs some tweaking...
4	Food= 9/10   Atmosphere=7/10    Eat here, Vegan(tarians)!Get the Curry Steak. Its amazing.Don't bother with the bbq balls.Do the buffet so you can try everything. They make it for you when you order.This compares to NYC Vegan places like Red Bamboo.
4	Lemme do a Carnac the Magnificent thing here...1) Peace in the Middle East.2) Johnson being in a vegan/vegetarian restaurant.3) Canucks winning the Stanley Cup.Answer: Things that will *NEVER* happen.  Point #2 was true until my visit to Yuan.  And I say this with a staunch and unblemished record of carnivorism.  As one of my 'laws' state, "The more animals that had to die for your meal, the more delicious it is."But seriously, I was feeling guilty that I dragged my vegetarian friend to watch me eat at aPdC the night before while she tried to enjoy her salad as I moaned in pleasure with my mouth full of dead animals and foie gras from tortured ducks.  So to atone, I figure we'll go to a vegetarian joint.  Good choice - because she said this was her personal aPdC.This joint specializes in faux meat and this was quite interesting as I have a good idea of what they were up against.  It's $20 for all-you-can-eat dinner menu.  And for the most part, the food was good and was eerily similar to the 'real' thing.  Some highlights:1) Japanese Eel - must order - the skin is simulated with seaweed and the tofu resembles the texture of unagi - it was spooky close to the real thing.2) Curry pork - the curry is too watery and mild (even for katsu curry), but the 'pork' katsu was pretty close save the density3) General Tso's Chicken - okay, I must admit this is first time I've ever had 'General Tso' chicken.  I'm Chinese and I'm from Vancouver - so no, I don't have a lot of exposure to faux-Cantonese items.  It's like 'spicy' & sour pork - so like Mark S. - I can also say this is the *best* existing General Tso chicken I've ever had.  I can scarcely believe I wasn't eating meat.  It was so crunchy and light - it's actually better than the the deep-fried pork/chicken nuggets typically used in Westernized Cantonese dishes (ya, I *said* it!).  It lacks that usual 'chew' you get at the end - but this is seriously good - vegetarian or not.Those were my favourite dishes - and there were many more 'pretty good' vegetarian dishes including some pretty realistic sushi/sashimi.  Not all the dishes are realistic - but the ones three I listed: if you served them to me without telling me, I probably won't be able to tell it was meatless.  But let's not get too hung out on how 'realistic' it is - food was good, bar none.Of course, I'm not going to go vegetarian anytime soon.  As one of my idols says, "Vegetarians are doomed to a barren, joyless existence" and my degenerate gambling idol lost a $1 million proposition bet on giving up meat for a year.  I'm not a rich man - but even for a $1 million - I don't think I can do it.  I would want to do it for the money (still a lot of money after paying for a personal world-class vegetarian chef) - but my body would breakdown without dead animal.  It's a physically impossible.But when I meet omnivores with vegetarian significant others - I used to look at them with scorned pity.  But hey - now knowing joints like Yuan exist -- that's true love... or at they have at least $1+ million on the line.
4	This is a nice choice for vegetarians.  My wife eats a mainly vegetarian/pescatarian diet, and after a few days of seafood in New England I wanted to find a place in Montreal that better suited her dietary choices.  Yuan Vegetarien is located near the hotel we stayed in, so it was worth trying.  The restaurant is "buffet" style, but the difference is that you use a list to check off items you'd like to have, and they bring the dishes out to you a little at a time.  You can reorder as much as you want.  We got two orders, but big eaters will probably want to order more often.  The dishes are pretty small, which is good for pairs or groups of three who want to sample a wide variety of food.  For instance, the sushi is 4 pieces per order, the "chicken" and tofu dishes have roughly 6-8 pieces, and the noodles are about a 5-inch plateful.  Overall the food was really good.  My wife and I usually stay clear of vegetarian meats because of the potentially high sodium content, so we ordered all of the different tofu, mushroom, and vegetable dishes, the crispy and Singapore noodles, the spring rolls, and the futomaki and kamikaze sushi rolls.  Everything was prepared well, and not greasy (except maybe the Singapore noodles).  It took about 5 minutes for our first dish to arrive, and the rest steadily arrived every 3 minutes or so.  The service was quick and the staff was friendly.  We went on a Tuesday night, and it wasn't crowded.  The ambience of the restaurant isn't much to cheer about, but it's clean inside. The only drawback of the night was a pompous older man 4 tables away, who spoke really loudly about all of his lifelong accomplishments as a professor.
3	The foods great but too much sugar and I have to avoid cane sugar.
5	Best vegan food ever -- and much less pretentious than ChuChai.  Super friendly staff, nice clean semi-sous-sol location.  Slightly cheezey decor and music.  I was going to dock them a star for not being licenced, but I don't think Buddhists drink, so I'll let it go this time.  Everyone raves about this General Tao's Tofu, but I thought the Gen. Tao's Chick'n was far better.
4	Tofu,tofu and more tofu...ALL you can eat! This is not your standard go to the buffet and fill your plate, this is a sit -down and get served. The General Tao, sweet and sour chicken, is great as is the crispy tofu, 2 kinds of sushi, Thai salad,stir fried veggies, and battered eggplant. The green salad is somewhat odd tasting, the shrimp,duck, too salty, and the sweet and sour beef looked like fried spam and didn't taste much better. The hot and sour soup looked like some sort of weird jell-o, but tasted ok, not great.  Skip dessert, as the green tea ice cream is made with Carnation milk and is soooo ewwwwww!! Don't know if the vanilla is any better, ask for fresh fruit instead, and hope they have it.This place is good for groups,but service is slow. Decor is very zen,but the bathrooms need plumbing work and more attention to supplies. There is a surcharge for "wasted"food, so be careful not to over order.
5	Yuan is definitely my favourite vegetarian restaurant in Montreal. Whether you pick the regular menu or the buffet (delicious!) the food is tasty, chewy and fulling. Even my partner who is a meat-eater was greatly impressed by the faux-seafood which tasted like real shrimp and salmon! The chicken and beef are succulent as well. Other than the food, the staff is friendly and the place is big enough that you feel comfortable. Thumbs up :)
5	After having mock meat meals at a number of restaurants across the world, this place ranks up there. A group of 4 can eat every item from the buffet menu. Go hungry, drink lots of water. The sodium content does catch up with you. Closed off the meal with some red bean ice cream. Will be back here next time to finish the rest of the menu.
5	Great
4	An oasis of vegetarian in  a very meat-oriented city (it seems to a newcomer).  We thoroughly enjoyed Yuan Vegetarian on a Sunday evening.   We went ahead and ordered the all-you can eat menu, and went through at least 6-7 dishes each.   As other reviewers have noted, most are small-appetizer size, which is just fine for sampling.  The service was OK-could be better category.  Dishes came out in generally even intervals, although the final dish I ordered ended up coming out as we were preparing to leave.  The one problem with the service, as that as we were concluding we couldn't get anybody's attention to get the check and pay.  I finally went up to the bar.  Chalk it up to a very busy waitress.  There were some big winners in the selections and some puzzling selections as well.  I ordered the basil-eggplant sauteed plate.  Wowser.  Great, substantial flavors, fresh, perfectly cooked eggplant.  Could have been a meal with some of their brown rice.  Their Singapore stir-fried noodle were very tasty and well-prepared, as were their dumplings and shu-mei.  My wife had a tofu dish that she was not crazy about--the only dish that we didn't finish off.All in all, highly recommended.
4	Don't know why I don't see more folks here. Its a wonderful alternative restaurant.We went ahead and ordered the all-you can eat menu, and went through at least 6-7 dishes each.   As other reviewers have noted, most are small-appetizer size, which is just fine for sampling.  The service was OK-could be better category.
5	I really like this place. Not just restaurant they also sell food to cook at home. I tried thr Buffe really nice. My fav: ravioli with penout sauce,the soya brochette,General Tao chicken, steak with pineapple sauce... Almost everything.  Highly recommended. Certainly I will be back
4	Fantastic mock meats and vegetarian dishes.  We ordered a variety of appetizers and mains to share and each was very well done.  The General Tao's faux chicken was our favorite  If you like vegetarian food, you can't go wrong.
4	mmmm choose the all you can eat option. What a great value only almost 18$ on a weekday for all you can eat. The only criticism is some of the sauces are too yucky sugary sweet.Nice people. The floors and bathroom could be cleaner.
5	a have to try out place. excellent food for a correct price.great choice of dishes, the wonton is delicious and the fried mushroom main-course as well.
2	The ambiance is more like the one you'd expect in a cafeteria. Service seems to be in English only, even if you'd expect to have a French service given the location. Food is good but not amazing. Nice deco but the presence of ants next to the windows is a bit annoying.This place could be so much more with a little bit of care.You can't buy alcohol, you cannot bring your own alcohol, be prepared to drink water.Finally, we went to the washrooms after the dinner and discovered that is was very dirty, I cannot even guess when was the last time someone cleaned it up.So, it was our first and last visit to this place.
4	Ever-so barely 4 stars:If one attempts their "all-you-can-eat" buffet option (my only selection thus far!), there are the virtues of endless vegetarian sushi of somewhat acceptable quality, alongside various vegetable side dishes of slightly-above-average quality.The artificial meat substitutes are majorly distasteful for my palate but I can tolerate them; They are absolutely hard on my stomach. I do not deduct points in this regard due to it being my own subjective preference in the face of a vegetarian culture that majorly accepts such cuisine. The more-organic options of the buffet are my preference and are what I score the most heavily.This is not for a palate that is absolutely refined; however, if one is hungry and desires great amounts of processed vegetable protein, then Yuan will be absolutely delightful.I consider this one of the best vegetarian restaurants based on the quantity of food provided in their buffet option (I cannot speak for other specialty dishes) and the diversity in types of vegetarian foods offered. However, I would not consider it the absolute best in quality of food nor the best in interior design. The ambiance is calming, serene yet very dated and nearly tacky in specific accessories. This can kill my desire to be in a place; However, they make up for it in the sheer spaciousness and openness of the restaurant. I have space to breathe, very fortunately.The food, in all likelihood, is not fresh (some of it is likely frozen) nor particularly organic; However, in the honesty of the pricing and quantity they provide, such is overshadowed.Again, I state, this is not for the palate that is refined but is for the one that wishes to simply experience a plethora of various vegetarian treats. I would not eat here more than twice a month on the principle of health concerns regarding the heavily-processed nature of the vegetable proteins involved.It absolutely should be noted the staff is particularly humble and concerned about the quality of your experience: You will be taken care of.
