5	Enjoyed Feli's when they were on Florence Blvd (great reviews) and like it even better at its new location in downtown Casa Grande. Cheerful decor that is fitting for the restaurant. Nice surroundings add to the great food. Never a disappointment from the excellent Tomato & Avocado salad, through the delicious main course and a nice coffee to finish off a great meal at a very reasonable price.
5	By far the tastiest restaurant in Casa Grande, highly recommend the food, service, and atmosphere!
5	Good food, good service, unusual for Casa Grande Az
4	Ate here while on a road trip with my cuban father... Loved it. Staff was friendly and Laid back, food tasted home made.We ordered a bunch of apps and the fricase de puerco. Recommend the potato meatballs, plantain chips, and the pork fricase dish. Highlights include the garlic sauce that comes with the chips and the quality of the pork... Both were absolutely outstanding'
5	After trying to get here twice before to find them closed - Sundays and Mondays, we almost gave up. Now very glad we did not. Just ate there, and besides excellent home-made Cuban food, the Mom and Son chef combo, and their staff made you feel like you were a welcome guest in their home. The restaurant is in a small historic building that used to be home to the local newspaper, and we were a bit worried at first because it looked very small. Very pleasantly surprised, and stopping there again this coming weekend. If you are into Cuban food, this is a must stop on your trip.
5	Hands down my favorite place in town!- Family ownedMama cooking her recipes in the kitchen.Pedro, the owner, was very nice and accomodating.- Awesome tasting foodTomato avocado salad,  arros con pollo, fried yucca, lomo asado, shrimp fried rice, maduro- friendly and earnest serviceDon't expect polished, premier table service.   But its sincere and well intentioned.   Like if your cousins were serving you during a family get together. - They apparently have live music on Fridays and Saturdays
5	Excellent food and service. I used to live in south Florida and really missed great Cuban food. We had chicharritas, lomo  asada, and arroz chin leche.
4	Went here with the family as we passed through town. The food was absolutely amazing. If you are on the 10 PLEASE STOP HERE!! Family got Pedro's shrimp, the pork, Cuban Sandwich, one of the appetizers (forgot which one). I can't even begin to describe how delicious this food was. The shrimp came with some sort of topping of onions, capers and garlic. Just incredible! However warning: food is cooked to order so prepare for some wait time.
5	If you go to a restaurant expecting great food than this is your place.  The food is fantastic.  I mean superb!  If it were in L.A., New York or San Francisco you would have to wait weeks for a reservation.  The Ropa Vieja portion was quite large but I kept eating even after I was full because it tasted so good.  The yuca was the best I have ever had .... Even in Havana!  Do yourself a savory favor and have a meal here.
5	The best restaurant in CG bar none
5	We stopped in here mainly because we had a discount coupon and also because of great reviews.We came in for an early dinner, sat down and started perusing the menu.  This was our first visit to a Cuban restaurant, so we were busy reading every description.A few moments later a gentleman came out and introduced himself as Pedro, the owner and sous chef.  Mama Feli, being the head chef.He asked if we had any questions, well yes, we did.  He sat down and explained not only what was in every thing on the menu but how it was prepared.  That actually made our decision even harder, everything sounded wonderful.We decided on the tomato and avocado salad, which we had read was amazing in reviews, Ropa Vieja, and Fricase de Puerco both with Congi.It was by far one of the best restaurant meals we have ever had, and very affordable, even without the coupon.  Everything was delicious and the servings were very generous.  I could easily have eaten the whole thing, it was that good.  I did manage to save some to take home and then had some dessert.We are only in the area for two weeks and unfortunately we are leaving tomorrow.  We both wish we had found this restaurant at the beginning of our stay, so we could have come again.We will definitely be back when we are in the Casa Grande, Phoenix, Tucson area.  Driving an hour for a meal like this would be very feasible.
5	This is a great place!  It is in a new location,  but the same great food. They moved in August.  Love the music too. Live band!
5	Based on reviews, met some friends at Feli's as it is about half way between Scottsdale and Tucson. Have to say, it was really excellent. I had the tomato, avocado and grilled chicken salad-delicious, fresh, and would definitely recommend. Cuban coffee was also really good. Kind of "iffy" area (based on the homeless guy sleeping on the front porch area when we got there-told to "wake up and move on" by the management), but nice, clean inside and their own parking lot right outside is nice. One recommendation to the management: have a sign to silence cell phones inside; several times during lunch, obnoxiously loud ringtones interrupted what was an otherwise nice ambience.
5	I saw the great reviews and decided to give it a try the special.  Excellent!  The waitress was super nice. The food came out quickly. I will be back. SOON!
3	Let me start out by saying that I really, really, really wanted to like this place. I am in favor of eating at non - chain restaurants and supporting locally owned places (that's why I LOVE Yelp). I read all of the reviews and was super impressed, as anybody would have been.Now for the reality of it.  First off, we were the only people there, my gf and I. That didn't bother me because we were there for an early dinner.  The service was great but painstakingly slow.  The owner was super accommodating and even opened bottles of wine and let us try them before we ordered one we liked.The food:  We ordered the appetizer that had the potato and meat rolled into a log and deep fried,  about the size of a long spring roll (I can't remember the name).  It really didn't taste like much and it could of had any meat in it and I wouldn't have noticed a difference.  The avocado dipping sauce was the best part.  We had the 10 and 13 (I think) I had the shredded tri - tip with the congri.  Over all it was good.  My gf had the cuban version of a chicken fried steak. It was very tough and there was a huge piece of unedible cartlidge running through the middle of it.  Without the chimi-churi sauce ($2.00 for about 2 tablespoons worth) it would have been very bland.  My mojito was great.  The plantans that came with both meals were sickingly sweet.  The owner disappeared toward the end of the meal and I had to chase down the girl that took over to get our check.Bottom line is I wouldn't recommend this place and really don't think we will go back.I tried to stretch this into a 4 or 5 star rating but couldn't.
5	Great Stewed Tri-tip and hubby has special if the day. Beer is cold on tap.Tthis is located in old town Casa Grande. Restaurant is very clean bid go back in a heartbeat and will the next time we are driving from California to Texas try this place, you won't be sorry.
5	Delicious! We were randomly in the area and were looking at different restaurants on Yelp. We were considering another place but my friend's boyfriend was adamant we come here. I'm glad we did because I thought it was SO delicious. We shared an appetizer (some beautiful round mashed potato balls stuffed with a diced meat, that you could dip into an avocado sauce). WOWOWOW. I had some chicken of sorts with plantains (good). My friend had a delectable flounder entree (which was surprisingly super duper delicious). Next time I'd definitely get that fish dish!
5	The mojito was fresh and delicious, hubs had the Viejo Rojas and I had the Cuban sandwich both were delicious and the fried plantains were awesome.  Service was friendly and quick.  Thoroughly enjoyed our meal!
5	The food is very good!  I had the Cuban version of chicken fried streak and it was amazing!
4	I had maduro, mixed salad, Cuban sandwich  and rice and beans. All for $23. Crazy reasonable since everything was EXCELLENT!  Fresh, well seasoned and quick. My waitress was not on top of things but she was friendly and welcoming but the service was the 4.0 breaker. It was good not excellent. Talked to the owner some too. A must go to in Casa Grande.
5	My wife and I were not in the mood to cook tonight so I decided to do some research on the best places to eat in this town. We have tried a number of places and have not been overly impressed. Having never eaten Cuban food, I decided we would give this place a shot.WOW! We were greeted as we walked in and had no idea what was about to come. We ordered fountain drinks and those were brought to our table quickly. I informed our server that it was our first time having Cuban food and she gave her recommendations on the menu (nearly everything) and I was a bit concerned. You know how it is, everything is good... yeah, right!We ordered a #7 and a #10! WOW again. It smelled delicious and the taste lived up to the smell. We enjoyed about half of our meals and had to get boxes for the rest.The owner came out and introduced himself and explained that they make those two plates "just the way mama did." I told him it was the best meal that I can remember ever having while eating out. He graciously thanked me.To top off the experience he told my wife and I that he had a treat for us and brought us strawberry flan on the house. It too was amazing!This little gem is tucked away in historic downtown Casa Grande and we will be return visitors. Thank you Pedro for bringing your authentic flavors to CG, AZ!
5	The best restaurant in CG in my opinion.  I have tried many of the dishes on the menu and they were all good. I have never been to a restaurant where I liked everything I tried until Feli's. In addition every time I'm there the owner comes around and asks how is everything which tells you they put a lot of care into the quality. This our family's favorite.
5	When I needed to meet relatives traveling through Arizona in Casa Grande, we started looking for a place to eat. They wanted to avoid a chain restaurant, and boy, am I glad they did, since it led to us getting together at Feli's Cuban Kitchen. I arrived a little early and managed to save a little of the mashed potato appetizer for them when they arrived. It was delicious. None of the food was spicy, so don't be afraid to try any of it. We all shared a mixed salad and loved the combination of tomatoes and avocados. For entrees my cousin got a beef dish and his wife pork, both delicious. I had the flounder with pineapple and papaya. It was amazing. Beautifully presented (it looked like a real fish!!) and very good. Tender, cooked perfectly and the the fruit just added to the combination of spices and taste. I wish we had saved room for dessert! It was not super busy on the week day night we visited, so we were able to sit and talk long after we finished eating. No one asked us to leave or looked impatient, instead they kept our water filled! I can hardly wait to travel from the Phoenix area back down to Casa Grande and eat here again!
5	This place is an absolute delight and it has most delicious flounder dishes, wonderful flavors, great presentations! I've eaten there three times now and will continue to go back!  I think the prices are very reasonable for the quality of the food! The waitstaff is all are always warm and friendly and service is  prompt and efficient!
5	We were driving through and decided to trust the reviews. WOW. We have FOUR kids with us and they ALL also loved it! They inhaled the plantain chips!! Super atmosphere, great drinks (the Caipirinha was excellent), and the food was fabulous. We will be back for sure.
4	Being part Cuban, this review may be a bit biased but I'll go ahead anyway. My friend and I traveled from Tucson to come try this place out. Upon arriving we were sat in the front area of the restaurant since they have a dj after 9 PM on the weekends. The service was extremely slow. There were a few waitresses sort of just... standing around. We flagged them over and put in our orders. We had croquetas and papa rellenas as our appetizers. They did give is some mariquitas as an appetizer as well which were very fresh but also very salty. For the main dishes we had arroz con pollo and fricase de puerco. The black beans and rice were OK. The food was good but bland. They gave us a free dessert which was some type of Cuban sponge cake. Very rich but not bad. If I'm every craving Cuban food and don't have time to get back to California, I can make a stop at Felis. I would definitely like to see them work on the service though...
4	Excellent!!! Best in town. Food is always perfect. Owners make you feel like your eating in their home.
5	Two in our party had fish and two had steaks. All were very pleased with their meals. I have eaten here several times and am amazed that the place is never very crowded. Okay decore, good food and reasonable prices. It's not like Casa Grande is filled with good restaurants.
4	We live in Casa Grande, and have visited Feli's often, and are always delighted with the food, the ambience and the feeling of family demonstrated by the owner. Feli's is a locally owned restaurant in the downtown area of Casa Grande, offering Cuban entrees and desserts. My favorite is the arroz con pollo (just perfect) while my wife generally selects entrees with seafood or pork. There are visiting musicians occasionally on weekend nights. I find the prices very reasonable for the fine quality of the food. For me, it is the best of all restaurant worlds - comfortable, locally owned, unique and excellent food, friendly, etc. Quite a treasure!
4	Two in our party had fish and two had steaks. All were very pleased with their meals. I have eaten here several times and am amazed that the place is never very crowded. Okay decore, good food and reasonable prices. It's not like Casa Grande is filled with good restaurants.
5	Feli's is a nice intimate place to enjoy delicious Cuban food. Love the fact that owner/chef is so friendly.Two in our party had fish and two had steaks. All were very pleased with their meals. I have eaten here several times and am amazed that the place is never very crowded. Okay decore, good food and reasonable prices.
4	Feli's is a nice intimate place to enjoy delicious Cuban food. Love the fact that owner/chef is so friendly.Feli's is a nice intimate place to enjoy delicious Cuban food. Love the fact that owner/chef is so friendly.
5	Our first dinner out of the new year was wonderful. The flounder & mango/pineapple was a perfect combination, even impressing my wife who is not a fish eater. Having the sous chef bring out some flan to cap the meal was a very nice touch. Casa Grande is fortunate to have Feli's Cuban Kitchen.
3	We met with another couple to have a nice dinner.  The chef came out and talked with us.  He gave us an excellent overview of the menu.I had a nice and flavorable meal that "only the mother" cooks.  My wife had the mango pineapple flounder.  It was good.  However, it was obvious the mango and pineapples were out of season.  So, they weren't that sweet and it took away from the otherwise good plate.Overall, it's not a bad place.
