4	Misaki grand-opening is 9-12-12 in the former Tambellini's location on Saw Mill Run Blvd./Rt. 51 next to the Red White & Blue thrift store and near the Liberty Tunnels entrance/exit.
3	Good overall higher-end Asian buffet in the style of Tokyo(McKnight Rd.) and Hokkaido (Browns Hill Rd, East end.) --- a hybrid of those two, i'd say ...If you stick with the sushi and sashimi offerings, you're good ... i'd avoid the crappy previously-frozen American / Western food , it's junk ... The more conventional Chinese dishes are pretty good , i'll say ... The dim lighting in this space is a turn-off and the overall aesthetic look and feel are not so nice as it's the former Tambellini's Italian mobster restaurant that they took over and didn't bother to renovate outside of the actual food dispensing area in the middle ... I wish they'd do away with the tacky Italian chachkeys and decor ... I only go at lunch-time as I feel it's not worth paying twice as much (for the same food) at dinner time and on week-ends ...  One or 2 of the waitresses are snotty and just weird but oh well the food is why I go . (update :  they've been cutting back on certain things like shrimp - when they first opened , it was clearly fresh / non-frozen shrimp ... now, it's clearly frozen shrimp which is very rubbery and just disgusting ....and i've noticed that they no longer are putting out tuna sashimi which is the plain tuna sushi pieces without rice.  Perhaps their price went up via their supplyer but, this is very very disappointing.  A waitress informed me that they have indeed been reducing various items or relegating them to weekend or dinner, only.  This figures as they sought to charm and entice people and get them hooked on the food for the first few months they were open... I will think twice before I hit this place up, from now on and perhaps opt for Hokkaido or Tokyo where neither place is cutting corners and being stingy as Misaki has been ...
5	Excellent service!  Tea pot always kept full, dishes taken away fast, owner John and Rachel Yu  were super friendly and smiling, visited my table multiple times to make sure everything was alright.   Easy to find right out of the liberty tubes off of south route 51.  Great new restaurant, must see!
5	Best buffet, great food, warm service, lots of seafood...
3	I've seen Misaki being worked on for LONG time, so when I finally heard an ad on the radio, I thought I'd give it a try. It seems the wait wasn't exactly worth it.I'm not saying the food is bad- it's good food and an interesting selection of Asian and American fare. But is it worth $20? That is negotiable.We went on a Saturday evening, and the place was dead at 6PM. There were maybe 20 people in the restaurant that could hold hundreds. It seemed odd, especially since other Yelpers have said the place was full when they were there. Most of the tables had just one person eating by themselves. As for the decor, it's kind of schizophrenic. The buffet area is very nice- the food area is expansive, there's neon light accents, and the cooks where wearing traditional sushi chef outfits. The buffet has a sushi area, a hot American fare area, a Chinese food area, hibachi filled with steak, chicken, scallops, and other meats, and there's fruit, crab legs, and deserts. But the rest of the place was strange. The walls still had pictures of Italy on them from when it was an Italian restaurant, and the paint, carpets, and Tuscan style fireplaces reminded me of an Italian villa. Behind the hibachi chef was still a wood fired grill that I assume was left there when they remodeled the restaurant. The music playing sounded like dance music from the 90's- at one point, "Baby Got Back" started, and someone changed the song. Finally, our waitress was Eastern European. She was very nice, but had a thick Russian sounding accent that I had trouble understanding. I asked her if I could have a Sapporo, and she asked me what that was. I told her it was a beer, and she said she would check to see if they had it. You could tell she was very green, or didn't understand what we were asking her. She was, however, very nice- at one point, she asked my wife twice of the food was okay, in an almost apologetic way. As for the food, it was OK. I grabbed some tuna sashimi, and when I pulled the two pieces apart, the tuna was brown on the inside from being out too long. In most of the sushi pieces I tried, I couldn't taste the fish- it was very ricey.  I tried turkey Salisbury steak from the hot side, and it didn't have any flavor, and the "tuna cake" I tried was canned tuna mixed with breadcrumbs that was burnt on the bottom side. It seemed most of the buffet was suffering from inattentiveness since there weren't that many customers in the restaurant. In one corner, there was a fondue fountain, but the only things you could use in it was some anemic pieces of pineapple and mini marshmallows- not very appetizing, I did enjoy the hibachi, although the chef poured oil and soy sauce on everything, so it all had the same flavor. The sushi with tempura was good, as was some of the Chinese food. I also enjoyed a piece of tiramisu that was rich and delicious, which capped my meal off well.In summary, the food was just okay. Not much flavor and not as fresh as it could be. For the price, I'd rather go to Tokyo Buffet on McKnight Rd, although the convenience of Misaki might bring me back to try it again.
4	I will say that I bought the groupon and went on a Tuesday night.  The groupon was for $30 and the buffet was $18.95 a person.  J and I went for sushi.  We love it and really can't get enough of it.  However, when you go to a sushi buffet in Pittsburgh as opposed to larger cities, you know what you are getting.  We were not expecting Little Tokyo or Penn Ave Fish quality.  Just good, fresh fish and some variety.  Variety there was in abundance!  Tons of sushi, all being made fresh and put out anew.  As other reviewers mentioned, it wasn't labeled well, but if you are looking at tuna, it looks like tuna.  My favorite roll was a seared tuna on the outside with spicy tuna inside.  The seared tuna was to die for!  Awesome taste, perfectly cooked and interested combination.  J loves crab legs more than life itself and they had tons - both cold and hot.  He described them as "Giant Eagle quality, not tasteless Chinese buffet crab legs."  He was very pleased and ate platefuls.  Other people complained about the American food.  I agree that buffets like this should really focus on what they do well and not try to do everything.  However, they had bacon wrapped shrimp that was grilled, not greasy and pretty tasty and sweet potato casserole that was awesome.  Not expected to be sure, but delicious nonetheless.  Also, oysters on the half shell which made me a bit nervous, but were decent.I also tried a bit of the Chinese dishes - very good chicken and broccoli, excellent shumai and gyoza, and the shrimp dishes were fantastic. All in all, have reasonable expectations, go during the week and enjoy the sushi.  As an aside - they have a volcano drink that is $8 on Tuesday and looked awesome.
3	I went to Misaki for lunch with my Dad last week.  We were expecting the usual Asian buffet that Pittsburgh has to offer.  We were pleasantly surprised.  The bartender was very educated on the sushi selections.  She actually walked up to the buffet and helped me with some selections.  Great selection of sushi for only $10.95(Lunch).  Hibachi was also very good.  It would take 10 trips to this restaurant before you could try everything they have to offer. Which I plan on doing.  Check this place out. You will not be disappointed. Highly recommend the shrimp tempura rolls. One order is 10.95 at other local places.UPDATE:Second trip was a different story.  Items were not labeled correctly. Bit into a piece of white tuna that I could not bite through. Raw fish that tough may not be good for you. It was consistent to leather.  On a good note hibachi station was outstanding. My advise is to seek caution on the raw items. Stick to the rolls and hibachi and you will be pleased. By the way they had these giant fans running in the dinning room. Kind of killed the little atmosphere there was.
4	I love a buffet. I can even be a fan of a bad buffet if it's not TOO bad (like a Golden Corral.) In fact, I think Cici's Pizza was the only buffet I ever cringed at, but for $5, even that didn't totally dissuade me.  But a GOOD buffet can grab my attention as a destination - and Misaki grabbed me attention.Housed in what used to be a Tambellini's, it's actually kind of humorous to enter on first glance. Nothing like Sushi and Sashimi, surrounded by old-world Italian family restaurant elegance. And the overall atmosphere IS just that. But with much better food than Tambellini's had to offer.I was treating my neighbor for his birthday and as a thank you for all of the help they'd given me while I was out of work, and this definitely scored well on that scale. The food options are plentiful, and quite delicious. They have four or five lines of buffet tables, with everything from Japanese hot dishes (chicken & broccoli, etc.) to the Hibachi grill (grab your own ingredients and watch the Asian hottie fry it up for you), the munchies (crab rangoon and various other fried dumpling goodies), the salad and desserts, soups, and the sushi station.On this night the scrolling light marquee outside boasted of Lobster, but that was the one thing that was a little disappointing. It was kind of chopped into an oblivion, and it seemed rolled in flour which gave it a kind of dusty gummy feel.  As for the sushi, I've never really been a huge fan of it, mostly because I'm not into the balls of rice that accompany every dollop of fresh seafood. Some of the rolls were tasty, and the bits of fish all kind of tasted the same to me. I wouldn't say 'fresh', but nor would I say it tasted like fish that had floated ashore and bloated on the beach.  The sushi was just okay. But the hot dishes, which is really what I go for anyway, were all quite good, and a very large variety. The shumai were quite good, the peel-and-eat shrimp had already been peeled, so I am a HUGE fan now, the pork, chicken and beef dishes were all very flavorful and fresh, and the crab rangoon, well, even if they're bad crab rangoon, I can't pass the table without taking two or three of them, but in this case they were good, so I grabbed quite a few on my three trips to fill up a plate.On a humorous note, we arrived right around 5:30 pm, and although the food was ready, they hadn't changed all of the descriptor tags that accompanied the items, and when I arrived at one point the tag said 'Special House Chicken' which was positioned over what were clearly frog legs. I had to laugh and thought 'Well, it DOES taste like chicken.' But no NO, you can't fool ME! As we ate our Asian deliciousness in the old fashioned Italian setting, suddenly the music caught my attention (when I could hear it over the Asian guy sitting behind me who insisted on chewing with his mouth open), and what did I hear? Could it be? Is that Ella? The background music was a gorgeous selection of old jazz, the stuff you used to hear on DUQ before it was swallowed and destroyed by our local visionaries. It was like the gang from Chinatown beat down the Sopranos, took over their restaurant and moved it to the Cotton Club! Just a delightful little slice of ethnoconfusion...that works.Now, I do see a few comments here about 'is it worth the price', and my answer would be, absolutely.Let me see anyone here run out and buy all of the necessary ingredients to create the same all-you-can-eat atmosphere in your own home, from the net full of crabs required for the crab legs, to the sides of beef required for the carving station, the buckets of shrimp, and everything else up and down the steam table line, and I guarantee you - you're going to go WELL over $20. Besides, this isn't an 'everyday' kind of dining thing. This is perfect for those times when you just feel the need to feed, and want things that you can't accomplish at home. There are other options for this same type of buffet, from Hokkaido to Tokyo, all of which pretty much fall into the same price range, and aren't really all that varying in quality. So hitting them really depends on your mood and location.But if you're on the South Side of town, and feel like popping through the Liberty Tubes (and hey, isn't it always fun to witness the 'OH MY GOD - IT'S A TUNNEL!' mentality of local drivers?), Misaki really is worth the trip.The total bill came to just under $40 for two, we were stuffed, and they serve Coke products. They also have a beer and wine list (I didn't notice if they had a full bar set up.) Misaki - a blend of Ciao Bello, Domoarigato and Yo Brotha, all wrapped up in one neat sushi roll!
3	I was in the Burgh for the weekend, and had heard about a newer Asian buffet in my part of town. I'd never been to Tambellini's on 51, so had no idea what building to look for, the Misaki signage was bright, (next to the Thrift Store) if you need another point of reference, and easy to find. The interior flashes me back to the old Mob movies, but the buffet layout of Asian food, and sushi had my stomach growling. For lunch time on a weekday, the offerings were very standard Chinese buffet fare, nothing overly impressive. The sushi station, and seafood (baked salmon), crab legs, and chilled shrimp put this buffet a notch above some others. Our server was great at keeping our drinks replenished, and dirty plates cleared away. I overheard other diners complain about the prime rib being cold, and the steam table looking barren, which the kitchen took care of. It seems there's still a few things being worked out, but I was okay with my visit.
5	I really enjoyed this buffet. I've been to many before but this one definitely takes the cake. I've been from everything from Golden Palace Buffet (aka the shitter) in oakland to Hokkaido near the waterfront (which I consider the best). All buffets usually have the common theme of lots of food for a relatively cheap price.When you first walk into Misaki you immediately recollect the times when it was Tambellini's - partly because they new owner never redecorated but at the same time if feels homely. Then you see the buffet and are astonished at how many dishes they actually have. They have 6 different rows of foods and everything ranging from your simple lo mein and general tsos to all types of seafoods. My favorites were:1. Lobster2. oyster bar3. hibachi bar (huge pieces of shrimp)4. expansive sushi bar (rainbow roll, tempura roll, etc)5. dessert barThis place is really nice. And the food is phenomenal. The waitstaff actually speaks English and really does take care of you. I feel bad because the crowd isn't too big here but I would definitely go back. The location is off the beaten path but if you have time I would highly recommend checking this place out.Price is $17.95 for dinner which isn't cheap but as they say you get what you pay for.
1	Terrible! Absolutely terrible! I know good sushi and this was not anywhere close. I don't usually write reviews but this was so bad I felt compelled to warn everyone. I went to this place because I had a groupon but I honestly wouldn't go back if the food was free.You have been warned.
4	great dinner buffet, big selection of different sushi rolls and sashimi, along with everything from pizza to lobster tail to some things i've never heard of. go hungry and leave happy
5	Love the location. Easy access. Huge parking. Clean and friendly service. Excellent food. LOVE...LOVE...LOVE...
4	Dined last night with my wife and we decided that this has got to be the best AUCE buffet in Pittsburgh.  We've been to Wu's Old Country Buffet (wife got sick from there), Hokkaido (food was decent, crabs were perfect, but sushi rolls tasted like they were prepared hours and maybe days ahead of time), Grandview at Rivers Casino (great deal for half price- Monday thru Thursday thru the end of February, IF you want to wait in a huge line)...But Misaki is the new 'Best in the Burgh'.  The sushi and rolls were as fresh as could be.  They only make 2 at a time and replenish when they run low.  Their crab legs were done just right and just as good as Hokkaido, they had split lobsters on the buffet (no additional charge) with some sort of cream sauce on top (Hollandaise?) that were good but I wish they would have just brioled the tail, They had Lobster claws that look awesome but not the came consistency as crab claws...  They had cold shrimp that were huge with the shells already removed, cold crab legs if you like that, cold spiced salmon...  And on and on and on...  Prices are similar to Hokkaido, quality is much better...  Do yourselves a favor and if you're in the mood for an Asian Buffet, give Misaki a shot- you won't be disappointed!
5	I like every thing and i think that the sushi is the best
3	I'm going to give Misaki a 3. We came here this evening and are currently both stuffed to the gills! The food varies in quality, but it's all fresh and well-kept. My favorite part is the stir-fry station. for each of us, it was about $50 for the both of us, including beverages, and I'm not sure it was worth it since nothing I had really wow-ed me.  But they have everything from sushi to prime rib to lobster to raw oysters to fresh fruit, so you might find something you like. I'm not sure I'd go back, though.The Italian decor (this used to be Tambellini's for a long time then a banquet hall) can still be seen. Also, the service was slow. It took our server forever to refill our drinks and get us our check.They have a big lot, and it's free to park.Now I'm all caught up! Whew! I think. :)
4	Hit up Misaki on a Saturday a little after 1pm for a late lunch while back in town visiting family. Clientele was diverse, and included some local Chinese. (Note, if you are a Chinese food snob, you know that this is always a good sign when you see local Asians there). Food choices were very diverse as well. Aside from the usual Chinese buffet fare, what stood out the most were the sushi bar, hibachi grill station, and the selection of dimsum and more authentic Chinese dishes. I was hesitant, given my fair share of Chinese buffets, not only in the Pittsburgh area, but other cities - but I was very pleased with the food. Everything I tasted was quite good. My main thumbs up would be the quality of the Chinese dishes. Something as simple as the potstickers - you can tell they were made fresh, not frozen ones. The dimsum included your basic items like har gow (steamed shrimp dumplings) and siu mai (steamed pork dumplings), but also extended to stuffed jalapeno peppers - the filling made of ground shrimp and was delish - tofu skin dumplings and turnip cake. Clams in garlic sauce were also nice. Stir fry vegetables were crispy and fresh.The sushi selection I felt was quite extensive. The fact that they had sashimi (fish filet pieces without the rice) was a plus, as I grabbed some nice cuts of octupus, salmon and tuna.Though the Italian decor of Tambellini's still stands, remember that you're here for the food. It's part of the charm and amusement actually. Ask for a table by the fireplace and just enjoy the eclectic charm....while filling your stomach with some good food.
3	Decided to give this place a try after getting enticed by the thought of a "Seafood Buffet". I purchased a Groupon ($15 for $30 of food).Misaki was tough to find as it was my first time there and I had never been to the Italian restaurant which was there before. For a weekend at 10pm it was pretty dead (maybe understandable considering my late dining habits). The parking lot is huge or maybe it seemed so as we were the third car there. The restaurant was pretty big, however it was dimly lit, had a dark and dirty looking carpet and was somewhat shabby looking. Moving past all that we headed to the buffet. Now this is no Las Vegas buffet, but for an Asian and Seafood buffet I have to give it the thumbs up. This area seemed much cleaner than the remaining part of the restaurant. There was soup, dimsum, oysters (raw and cooked), crab legs, lobster, sushi, fish curry and noodles and fried rice. They also had some sort of pizza and ribs/fried chicken or something, which I chose to ignore. They have a hibachi station too where you can load your plate with your selection and quantity of noodles, mushrooms, steak, shrimp, chicken etc. and they will cook it for you. To rate the food, I would say some things were good some were bad. The sushi rolls were a hit or miss - I preferred the salmon to the tuna. Crab legs were good and not cold considering they were out for a while. The rice and noodles were dry. I did not try the oysters but the shrimp dishes and the shumai, gyoza and wantons were tasty. To end our meal, there was fresh fruit (which was almost over), some ice-cream, pastries and a chocolate fondue (the chocolate was too bitter for me). Our waiter was attentive to our order, kept checking in on us, gave us suggestions on what was really good at the buffet and told us that if we had anything in particular we liked that was not on the buffet, they could arrange that for us too (as part of it, which was nice). Our bill came to be $45 so all in all we paid $30 for the food with the Groupon + tip. This is all I would be willing to pay. Yes, good options but food was lackluster and kept me searching for the WOW factor. I may consider going back to give this place another chance.
3	Misaki - a chinese buffet - which was my husband and I's favorite in the city, until we went last week and they did not have their specialty - LOBSTER TAILS.Their sushi selection is great, their hibachi selecrion is just ok, and the desserts are less than basic.The buffet is typical of what you would find at a Chinese buffet, but they have a few minro things that are not typical, for instance - jellyfish.We used to patronize this business often, but I doubt we go back.
1	Decided to try this place out, knowing full well that buffet sushi is already at a disadvantage.  That being said, on a Saturday afternoon, with a number of tables filled, sushi was old and tasted like it had been on the bar for a long time. In the 45 minutes we were in the place, only one tray of sushi was refreshed.  Chinese dishes and desserts were sub par as well. Hot dishes had film on them from sitting out.  Waitress decided to stand at the table and complain to us about the "gray" lobster pieces that they get in, and how they are "never busy".   Not good to hear from your waitress that the place you are patronizing has bad food.  She also complained about how expensive the buffet was, and then discussed her dining habits.  All in all, very uncomfortable.  Regardless, we won't be back.  No second chance for this place. At $50 for two, with buffet, drinks and tip, it was very overpriced.  I am not above paying well for good food... this was not worth the price.  Do yourself a favor, if you want sushi buffet, head over to Tokyo Buffet.  At least they have good variety and quick turn around of fresh plates of sushi.
5	On July 14th I hosted a Baby Shower for my daughter who lives out of state. The guest list was 70 people ages 18 months to 87 years. It was AMAZING!! Everyone could not believe the Food, Service and Venue!  I can not express my gratitude enough. I would and will recommend them again and again.
4	I came here for the sushi but was surprised to see so much more than that when I arrived.  Crab legs, fresh fish, chicken, beef (soup, French fries, ice cream... I could go on and on.  There is literally something for everyone.  If you go before 3:30 Pm on Saturday you get the lunch price, but can't eat certain things like the lobster tails.  I wasn't complaining for how cheap the lunch price was ($15/person-ish).My favorite thing was the sushi.  Great selection for a buffet with sashimi, nigiri and maki rolls. A lot of buffets try to cheap out and fill you up on rice but this place doesn't. I'm only taking a star off for the environment.  It's just an odd atmosphere.  There is absolutely zero Asian flair and the music is a bunch of crap from the mid 90s.  Not romantic in the least bit.  Want some Alanis Morissette with that sashimi?Great place to grab an informal lunch or dinner and stuff yourself with whatever it is you are in the mood for.
3	3.5 stars. There is a nice sushi roll selection with sashimi but the other non-sushi items weren't that great. Hibachi corner is okay, but they cook it with extra soy sauce so my food turned out salty. There is a chocolate fondue fountain but only 'stale' marshmellows to dip. We saw the sign off the road saying, ''all you can eat lobster' but it's not fresh lobster but it's cooked in a heavy sauce. This is an A-ok sushi buffet. There are better ones in town.
5	I loved it! This is right down the hill from our house, so I plan to go back. It was very clean and there was a vast variety of sushi and Japanese food. My favorite part was the hibachi. No! My favorite part was the melt-in-your-mouth roast beef. Yum-O.
4	Everything is fine. But..the fish is not that fresh and is a little smelly...Beef and shrimp are just fantastic!
1	Maybe it was a bad night...There is a lot to choose from from an Asian food stand point. DO NOT come here if American food is on your agenda. My family and I came on a Tuesday night around 530. The place was basically dead... The service and people were nice, but that's not enough to make me come back... EVER!
3	Lots of sushi variety, but the place needs more throughput so the food isn't just sitting there for so long.  Came here on a Wednesday evening and the place was pretty bare.The sushi was pretty good and there were many to choose from.  However, the soup, steamed food, and hot food looked like it had been there for quite some time and were not good.  There is also a Hibachi grill, but the guy there looked bored from lack of people.The dessert area has a variety of fruits, marshmallows and things to dip into a Chocolate fountain.  There is also some ice cream.  Lunch Mon to Fri is $12Sat to Sun is $14Dinner Mon to Thursday is $19 and Friday to Sunday is $22.COMPARISON to HOKKAIDO:There is more variety of food at Misaki and the sushi is comparable in quality.  However, the price is higher at Misaki and the lack of people means the rest of the food has been sitting there for some time and is not as good.
5	Had a wonderful buffet here for dinner with my girlfriend. The environment is nice and quiet. The steak and the shrimp are amazing, cooked just right. They have all kinds of seafood, and fresh fruits. Tasty, couldn't get my hands off the food.
4	I went there with my family last night and found out they changed the owner. It is no longer Misaki, but Old Town Buffet. The food didn't change though, with fewer sashimi selections. It's a typical Japanese/ Chinese all-you-can-eat buffet. The best thing is the new place lower the price, and where can you get  a decent buffet for $10.99(Mon- Thur dinner) nowadays?  The price is unbeatable. We were satisfied.
4	Good place for decent sushi.  The hot food is also pretty decent and they have some odd things that you don't always see in a buffet (frog legs and octopus).  It was nice to try those things.  It is expensive, but I have always had good service, never had to wait, and it is a nice clean place.
3	I'm not to keen on Asian buffets, but since there was American food I figured I'd give it a shot. There is definitely a good variety of food. I personally go for the more "American-ized" type of Asian food and there was enough of that and typical buffet foods like meat, chicken to fill me as well. The place is very nice (still resembling the old Tambellini's) and the staff is pleasant. My only complaint is the they havd a wide selection of food, but it was just... okay. Maybe it's because we got there around an hour before they closed, but none of the food tasted very fresh and up to temp. The bread was pretty hard and I don't think anything I tried was really too warm. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt since it was near closing, but it still makes me consider if I want to go back.
