2	EVERY TIME I go here, they always seem to give me some run around about how it's going to be an hour or longer wait. Even if there is only one other car in there at the time. That's fine. You don't want my business, I'll take my money else where.
1	For my first time going to a jiffy lube, I am very dissatisfied with the service I received. I went to this jiffy lube because I was in a rush on my way to work and I needed an oil change, I had bought the oil and filter a week ago and meant to go to a Chrysler dealership but didn't have the time and went to jiffy lube for a fast oil change. When I pulled up I informed the guy that I only wanted an oil change and nothing else and that I had brought my own oil and filter. I asked the service guy if I was only going to be charged for labor and he said yes. When his associate wrote my ticket up I noticed the price was $38.47 and I asked if that was the price and he said yes, before I could tell him to stop they had already drained my oil, he said I had a 3 dollar discount for bringing my own oil and that's it. I asked why it was so expensive and he said that it was for a package, I made it clear that I should only be charged for labor and the service man and the manager insisted the price was correct. For an oil and filter change that was bought by me it was $38.47 just for labor. If I would've taken it to a dealership it would've been $10.00 in labor and that's it, avoid jiffy lube at all costs. Car dealerships are WAY cheaper than this joke of a company. I was charged for service that I didn't get and was told by the manager that he could give me no discount. Never again will I give my money to this joke of a company.
3	First time here. In and out within 30 minutes. I usually HATE going to my oil changed because they try to get you to buy everything- esp when they see a young girl and let's face it I don't know anything about cars- the man was very nice and even took my word - no means no. Painless. Thanks!
5	They were very prompt, knowledgeable, did not try and up sell me on everything, and were very quick in getting me out of there.
