5	When damaging your liver it's best to use only the freshest and best quality ingredients and if you want to do some serious damage then you should definitely check out Mardi Gras.  They freshly squeeze the oranges and grapefruits in front of you for your Screwdrivers and Greyhounds so you don't have to worry about nasty impurities from the fruit juice ruining your cocktail.  Why make your liver work harder than it already has to.
5	My personal favorite Pittsburgh bar. Notorious for fresh juice and strong drinks. For the first few years I lived in pgh this was our standard last stop before heading home. Not once did I remember leaving the bar. Things have slowed down a bit since then, mostly because I've also learned to never order more then two drinks. It's also tiny, so if you want to sit down, get there early (or go during the week). Weekend crowds are ass to crotch throughout the entire place.
5	"Alright you bunch of booze bags, go home."  I would probably end up staying for days on end if I wasn't told that at the end of the night.Great DrinksGreat Juke boxGreat Crowdand, wait for it........ a mrs. packman machine.
5	Strong drinks, dark and smoky, cozy booths, great juke box.  This is a bar, this is your neighborhood bar.  If you need to meet someone for a drink and just talk it out - this is the place.  A good friend of mine always points out the ugly carpet.  Yep, the carpet here is ugly, but at least it is new.  And the place is dark so you never really see the carpet anyways.
3	Everything other people have said is absolutely true: This is a great neighborhood bar with fresh juice for the drinks, a jazz jukebox with many classic favorites, and dark lighting which makes you feel like there are corners everywhere. It's not my "favorite" place. There are 3-4 half-circle booths, some tables, and bar seating. One time I came with a group of people (~12) and the regulars looked quite disgruntled to have their seats and environment overrun by social beings. Generally it's just one person behind the bar and if multiple people finish their drink at the same time, there's a bit of a wait. It is a great place to go with one or two people or by yourself to mull over a few beers. Or if you want to play erotic photo hunt (awesome).
5	MS. PAC-MAN...drinks, and cool laid back setting, with great jukebox..very mellow, sit back, sip, and listen to buckets of rain by dylan and your night is complete
4	Strong strong strong drinks, cash only, smoky and dark.  That pretty much sums up this little bar.
4	Stiff drinks, doubles priced like singles, a lounge (in the very best sense of the word) masquerading (appropriately enough) as a bar.  I wish I could turn down a heretofore unseen alley - or walk through a wardrobe - in Chicago and find myself sitting at the bar.
5	I lived across the street from Mardi Gras for a year.  It was a pleasure I can't begin to describe.
3	Weird mix of local drunks and school crowd. Drink specials were nice. Had a pint of Brooklyn stout that was only $2.50. Pretty good deal compared to the Miller Light only type specials in other local bars. No tabs or credit cards, though. Isn't it 2010?
4	So Mardi Gras was usually a must stop whenever I went out on a Friday or Saturday night in Shadyside during college. This bar is more of an older crowd but they do serve drinks the way I usually make mine. If you order a jack and coke, you'll be lucky if you can even taste the coke. They pretty much give you a glass of jack and a splash of coke. We used to get very very drunk here. The place is really small so you're lucky to see an open table, grab it. The bartenders are older and they don't take credit card so bring cash. The drinks are also a little more expensive for Pittsburgh. However, this is the only place in the area that has Delirium Tremens on tap.They don't serve food here either so plan on getting messed up if you don't eat anything before you go. The bar is very dark but a lot of my friends love this place and whenever alumni came back, we would definitely go here and make them pay for our drinks. All in all, a very good place to pregame or just to hang out and socialize.
2	Good luck getting outWith your soul and belongings.Bring your own flashlight.(b)
4	Strongest drinks in the city. Small place.  Not always the usual shadyside crowd, which I like. Great booths for sitting in with a few friends. Really cheap jukebox with lots of blues, jazz, and rock that you won't find on the computer touchscreen ones. You can smoke inside. Juice is fresh squeezed for your drink. Bartenders are nice, attentive, and may even do magic tricks for you.
3	Mardi Gras definitely has charm. It's the only dive bar you'll find in Shadyside. And the only dive bar with fake windows with french shutters lining the walls, giving you a window in the mind of the owners' vision for the gruff no-nonsense watering hole they have created right off of Pittsburgh's most fashionable shopping area. Drinks are poured very generously, especially to its crowd of regulars (mostly old men) steeped in the haze of smoke that permeates the bar. Keep that smoking bit in mind, before you commit yourself to washing everything that you wore when you walked in.
4	This is a place I seldom visit, but thoroughly enjoy every time I do. I came here alone to watch the superbowl earlier this year, and had an awesome time meeting people (plus free food and a free t-shirt). It's a dark, smoky bar with cheap, strong drinks and a friendly atmosphere.
5	This is a total hidden gem. I was unaware that this bar existed till a friend took me here. We were sitting across the street at Mario's and he says to me, "You want to go some place else and get some STRONG drinks?" This proposition not only got me excited, but piqued my interest. Where are we going and why don't I know about this place?Once we made it inside and up the long set of stairs (I can see myself taking a digger down these after a few Manhattens) you enter the dark, semi smokey bar. This place is divey but not dirty. It just looks they decorated it about 25 years ago and if it was good enough then, damnit its good enough now. The juke box is loaded with classic jazz and blues and normally operates at the guidance of the bartender (which is fine by me, he has good taste.)The bartender is one of those guys whose career has been behind the bar. He makes his drinks fast, tall, and strong. The average cocktail (whiskey and coke, vodka and juice, gin and tonic) run about $6 and some of their others (Manhattan, martinis, etc) cost $8. The prices are higher than some may be used to, but relax, its worth it. You are getting a rocks glass with little ice, filled nearly to the top with your booze of choice, and a mist of whatever else you wanted to water down the drink. If I'm going to spend $15 in a bar I would rather drink 2 well made, strong drinks than drink 15 cups of coke each with an eye dropper's worth whiskey.  If you want a place to listen to some good music, get schwacked on liquor, and enjoy some conversation, Mardi Gras is you joint.
4	Nice atmosphere, way strong drinks, interesting music selection. I had a great time at Le Mardi Gras, and I left drunk and happy.Merci Beaucoup, mes amies!
5	Some serious old school 80's glamour waits up the long flight of stairs to Marti Gras.  There's something magical about this dive--even the smoke doesn't seem to bother me...Actually, it's probably the strong drinks that are responsible for that...Which may be made with magic.  Who can say?  But I'm a sucker for any sort of sweet vodka cocktail in a martini glass, and the drinks here will knock a girl off her heels.  Luckily, there's always an attentive bartender waiting to mix one more cocktail.But this ain't no college dive.  You won't find too many kids in here, which I appreciate.  It's dark up those stairs and the jukebox jazz is often questionable, but the booths are cozy and the drinks are tall and the beer selection is more than decent.  I'll take it.P.S. - It was cash only last time I checked.
5	This is one of my favorite bars in Pittsburgh! The drinks will punch you in the face, if that weird looking guy next to you won't. It's a great escape from the bro-scene that is most of Walnut St. and they have booths which themselves would be enough to make me love this place. I've had many sloppy nights here and made many stranger friends. Order a greyhound and watch the bartender squeeze fresh juice into your drink and kick it with strangers at the bar.
5	Mardi Gras is a far cry from most other bars in Shadyside, and in the best possible way.  Dark, smoky, smaller than most establishments, frequented by older patrons and a jukebox with fantastic music from the 60s onward are just a few traits that make Mardi Gras a fantastic barroom.Add to that exceptionally strong, but delicious, drinks, and bartenders that like to keep their clients pleased, and you've got a combination that's hard to find anywhere else in Pittsburgh.  Mardi Gras also has a perfect nostalgic feeling to it.  The wall across from the bar is lined with several large booths that easily accommodate a group of five or six and invite conversation over your stiff drinks.The bar is cash only, which may seem like a little deterrent, but after you've had a couple mixed drinks you'll probably thank yourself for not being able to charge away too many more.  Not to mention the awesome cash register that looks like it's about 90 years old.By far, Mardi Gras is my preferred bar in Shadyside, and you can't go wrong if you're in the mood for a strong drink.
5	Do you want to be shitface drunk off of one drink and you only have $10?  go to Mardis Gras.Their drinks are military grade weapons, that is how strong they are.  This bar is unlike every other bar in shadyside.  it's dark and it has cool round booths.the bartender should be a national treasure, he is awesome.bring cash, you can't use your card there.Oh--you will smell like smoke when you leave, this place is full of smoke.  It's likely the least sexy bar in all of pgh but its one of my favorites.
5	Walking in, I immediately knew this was a place for me.The decor is reminiscent of the 60's-70's, as is the jukebox, and a lot of the clientele.Thus, its awesome!This is not your Mario's crowd, so if you are looking for some trollop to grind up on to your shoddily performed "Gangam Style" perhaps you should walk across the street.The drinks, as mentioned are strong as could be. A Bombay and tonic set me back 7 dollars. It was worth every penny. Two of those and I was feeling pretty darn good.If you like motown/blues/oldies and some good old rock and roll, get more singles than you would take to Blush because I had a field day with that jukebox. The smoke isnt that bad, and in my opinion, adds to the ambiance. Hell, you can even smoke cigars here. Total throwback, and I love it.
5	This is without a doubt the best alcoholic's bar in Shadyside. Smoking permitted. Extremely strong cocktails. The downside is that its a bit pricey but you are compensated well in alcohol. The bartenders are good people. Downsides: poorly lit - on weekends it can get a bit packed - so packed that you have to stand and in such a small space that's a bit uncomfortable.
1	Wondered into this place looking for some mixed drinks.  The bartender told us they were known for they fruity drinks, but not margaritas.  He could mix any juice with vodka.  We left.
4	Quite a cool spot and pretty underrated, at least in my social circle. These drinks are slightly more expensive than some may be used to (I got a simple whiskey and coke, which set me back around $7) but as others said, they are definitely strong. The ambiance is very relaxed, with a lounge feel if you sit in the booths. It is smoky, but I went on a Friday night around 9pm and it wasn't so bad. It certainly didn't leave me reeking of smoke like other spots in the city. Also, compared to the crowds in other places that night, the atmosphere was downright sedate, so if you're looking to relax, this would be a better option. The only thing is that they only deal in cash. There's an ATM there, but you're better off bringing money so you don't have to deal with the surcharge.
3	Really fun. Really packed on weekends. Inexpensive drinks. Also, available to order is a vodka drink made with fresh squeezed fruit.
5	I love love this place. Always fun and plenty of great conversation. Really strong wonderful drinks. You must try this place
5	If someone has not heard of Le Mardi Gras, I just assume they aren't well versed in Pittsburgh drinking culture. This is one of the best bars in the city. Their drinks are remarkably strong, easily on par with Lefty's in the Strip. As a matter of fact, I really don't recommend having more than four or five Mardi Gras cocktails. They will kick your ass.This is one of the only bars in the city where I will walk in and just tell the bartender to make whatever whiskey drink he feels like making. I realize this might not sound like a big deal, but I have serious trust issues when it comes to bars. There are only about twenty six bars worldwide where I will even consider ordering  a Manhattan or a Martini. One of the best kept Le Mardi Gras secrets is that on Sunday they offer free food to their patrons. Even though we visited on a Thursday, the owner, Rich, was kind enough to put some food out for us. These little touches are what make Mardi Gras more than just a bar.Here are some of my favorite Le Mardi Gras features: smoking, table top pacman, excellent juke box, fantastic bartenders, intimate seating, dark ominous ambiance and lively patrons. According to Le Mardi Gras' website they've also hosted a variety of celebrities including Rocky Marciano, Harvey Kietel, Sammy Koufax, Sam McDowell, Billy Conn, Alice Cooper, George Clooney, Russell Crowe and Ted Danson.
3	This place wasn't as lively as I expected. With a name like Le Mardi Gras, I was expecting an upbeat and friendly crowd. The ambiance was more like an after hours jazz club except they were playing American favorites instead of jazzy tunes.I think I had an atypical experience. I would return under the condition that there was a special event occurring.
5	I moved to California ~2 years ago and miss Mardi Gras more than anything else. Richie and crew provided a home for all, the writers, designers, storytellers and more who found ourselves adrift and looking to share our story. Can't wait to get back one day.
4	Super super strong drinks. Very smoky and small, but definitely worth coming to.
4	Pros:This bar has a true dive feel to it, from the long narrow room to the  juke box in the corner it's certainly a different crowd than most of the other Shadyside watering holes.It seems like a slightly older crowd, and people do get there to scout out the booths pretty regularly. (Yes there are booths, and if you get one, it's a totally awesome way to spend a few hours catching up with friends over drinks--beats standing in a corner any day)Cons:On the weekends it gets crowded...and smokey. Smoke doesn't generally bother me, but after 5 minutes of being in Mardi Gras on a Friday night, I'm guaranteed to smell like smoke until I shower.
3	I had such a weird experience here. A few friends from my office and I went out last Friday night in Shadyside and hit up a number of bars along the way. At the recommendation of one of them, we stopped by Mardi Gras before turning in for the night.It was so un-Shadyside that I practically forgot where I was. And I don't necessarily mean that as a good or bad thing, but just as an observation. It was very dark inside and it definitely had the dive feel, which tends to be my favorite type of place. I also appreciated the jukebox which added a unique touch.Something about this bar was just off, though. I don't know how to describe it. Maybe it was just a weird crowd (everyone seemed very antisocial) or the odd "grandma's house and cigarette smoke" smell. The drinks we ordered were okay--they WERE very strong though, so that's a plus.I just can't do more than three stars. I have a feeling I'll be back here in the future though (my friend loves it), so maybe it'll be worthy of a second review at that point.
5	Finally came back after 2+ years away. Brose was there, Richie had a strong drink waiting, McGovern was manning his spot by the juicer...so, nothing had changed. It was a joy to be back, talking to Brose and listening to good blues on the jukebox. I can't say enough about how great the Mardi Gras is.
5	Slightly pricier than other bars in the area but you get what you pay for. Any time I get a mixed drink it's 98% alcohol and 2% mixer. I don't think I've ever had more than 2 drinks here because that's really all you need. Great music selection in an old school juke box. The only downside for us nonsmokers is that it is a poorly ventilated smoking bar, so on nights with lots of smokers it feels like you're choking after a while.  Overall a great place!
1	.
4	In general, I am not a fan of Shadyside bars. Le Mardi Gras may be in Shadyside, but it is something else entirely.Mardi Gras is a true dive bar, and not just compared to what's around it--this would be divey in any neighborhood. Drinks are cash only, there's a perpetual haze of smoke, and you'd better be an expert at navigating dim lighting if you hope to not trip over anyone. None are especially bad things. And in fact, the pros of Mardi Gras far outweigh these things. Great big booths, friendly bartenders, free wifi, and strong drinks.Speaking of drinks: are you into fresh-squeezed juices? Do you like strong drinks? I mean really strong. Play it safe. Try a Greyhound, but make sure you have a designated driver. The bartenders almost take pride in the strength.All in all, it's an authentic dive in a neighborhood that sorely needs one. Grab your cash, and bottoms up!
