5	It is my opinion that this is one of the best Vietnamese restaurants in greater Montreal. The first night we went, we were excited by the flavors and freshness of the selections. The restaurant is casual, bring your own wine, and family owned.If you do not see exactly what you want, just ask the owner woman or her daughter and they are so happy to go out of their way to make something just for you.The beef pho is AMAZING with rich flavor. The fresh rolls with shrimps, mint, and noodles with peanut dipping sauce are a tease. So good that you can not wait for the entree to come. Pho Viet is now a must stop for Dennis and I when we visit Montreal. We came here TWICE in one week as it was so good!!Steps away from the gay village and rue St Catherine.
4	Just ate at Pho Viet based on the first review on Yelp and its 1-block distance from my lodgings. Great pho! Very rich broth with a unique, complex flavor, and the beef was incredibly tender, without the bit of gristle that is common in more hole-in-the-wall places. I missed the plate of spouts, chilis, basil, and cilantro that I have become accustomed to in the States, but this may be a regional thing. A huge bowl of Pho Ba and a homemade lemonade (beh, not the greatest but not bad) was only $10!
4	Really great Thai food and BYOB!  My favorites are the chicken dumplings in satay sauce, Pad Thai, and beef with basil.  We had no issues with service on a Saturday night around 9pm and were sat right away.
3	Yes, its been around forever and the reason it is still in business is because they are very consistent in their food.  So if you love it here - you will always love it.  It's the same place as it was 20 years ago.  That being said, the Pho is 'good' but not outstanding.  The food could use more "Vietnamese" in its cuisine as I found the menu pretty basic and non-eventful.  I had the ginger fish which was nice and for desert the fried bananas.  All good.  I would go back if I was in the neighborhood, but wouldn't go out of my way or bring people from out of town here.
