3	After yet another night of insane Vegas partying - and enjoying alcohol a-flowin' - we got the munchies. Where did we decide to go? When it's late and you want something cheap and easy (insert favorite jokes here), very little tops fast food.We drove to a random McDonald's with a KFC next door - FYI, there are a LOT of them between the Strip and Red Rock (our hotel). At the drive-thru, we placed an order for large fries and 20 Chicken McNuggets.When we went to get our food, we were told they were out of large fries - how does that happen??? - and were given hash browns as a substitute. Since it was between three and four in the morning, we didn't press the issue.Anyway, the McNuggets were piping hot, fed us, and I have no idea what happened to those hash browns. What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas, right?
3	I stop here now and then as it's the closest to where I live.  Customer service used to be awful, but ti seems like they've gotten a bit better.  Today I got a side salad and a shamrock shake.  Everything was A-OK!
3	I must say that I had a smoothie here when they came out months ago and they are horrible and way too sweet. Sonic has better ones and McD's obviously doesn't use real fruit. Even at midnight, this is not the best sweet tooth option. Wait, there is a positive. Using my 2-1 coupon, I tried the new Strawberry Frozen Lemonade and yes like the commercials indicate it is tart and sweet. These would be a better option to cool you down at $1.59 for a small. The strawberry syrup at the bottom might be the same they use on sundaes, but who knows for sure. McDonald's comes out with new stuff every month, but in the beverage department, frozen lemonade is king.
4	This place really is hit or miss on the service.The food: cheap, that's why you go here. Period.The service: Like I said, on & off. Sometimes they mess up. They're busy.. Cause of that heaven sent dollar menu. Love hate relationship guys.Updates: They've got smoothies, & I love me some Mango Pineapple. Yum! :DI would rate only 3 stars, but it keeps the 4th cause it's down the street. I know, stupid reason. Well, shut it & write your own review... please. LOL.
3	My least favorite fast food place but my daughter's favorite so we make the appearance every now and then.  McDonalds has the best kids meals and playplaces so for my seven year old this is a great place.  Love the apple slices and much smaller fry bags for the kids.The sundays are good and the recently added smoothies are great.  Very disappointed in the new popcorn style chicken. It is worse than KFC's popcorn chicken was before they made larger pieces.  In fact, most of my box was just fried coating with little or no chicken.    As fast food places go, I find McDonalds the most consistent in quality and taste.  I love their breakfasts and the chicken nuggets are still the best.  Avoid the angus burgers.  They are not as good as advertized.
3	Yes...it has come to this.  I only feel compelled to write this review because I work nearby, and I visit this McDonalds at least once a week.  I admit, I am a Dollar Menu addict. Where else can you get reasonably full for less than $5 for lunch. Nevermind the guilt and dangerous chemicals.Anyway, the set up of the drive through makes for a real pain during peak lunchtime hours. This McDonalds is situated in a busy shopping center, right next to a Starbucks, Del Taco, Albertsons, Bank of America, and other shops. Things get rather congested and hard to maneuver.  However, as McDonalds goes, it is fine. The service is usually friendly and prompt (although the new guy they have in the drive thru is a *tad* too chatty!), and they haven't messed up my order.  Freshness and hotness varies, however.
4	Good service but drive thru is slow!  When I pick up breakfast for the office- this is usu the place- but just to warn every1, I think going in is faster- but if you have a big order, you may get the stink eye from the other customers- just pretend to read the newspaper- or cont yelping to avoid eye contact!
1	They didn't even deserve the 1 star I gave them. We went to this McDonalds and ordered some food. The food was good but I had some power tripping Mgr. Tell me and my son that we couldn't fill my Starbucks cup up with water....when I asked why she said because of cross contamination.....( now keep in mind this is a self service soda  machine) so that argument doesn't really fly since everybody using the machine is cross contaminating it.  This women poked my hand out of the way.....I'm like really women.....I left....and she says in a sarcastic tone....God bless you....I'm like he already has.... Get a life women!
1	This is the worst McDonald's I have ever been to by far. I cannot think of enough bad things to say about their service.The Food is standard McDonald's fair, but, they did not give us our drinks with creamer, our order was wrong, the food oatmeal came without enough spoons for the orders count, we had to go back 3 times for all sorts of condiments, and they dish em out reservedly like their lives depend on it.They do not seem to understand foreign accents and this is Las Vegas, seriously, if you are going to run a shop in a tourist town, you might as well be prepared for it.
2	Maybe it's just me, but it seems like the staff at this location isn't all that friendly.
3	I've been through in on a number of occasions and have never had a problem.Food is typical Mcdonalds and it's always hot so nothing to complain about here. The drive through is usually fast. As for whether or not the staff is friendly, I usually go here early in the morning, so I really don't care. I'm not friendly myself in the morning LOL     So as long as my order arrives promptly and they don't talk much and my coffee is hot  I'm good with it.
3	About as average as your local McDonald's can be.  This one is right up middle alley, not great but not spectacular either.  I just find it surprising the skinny-richie-constant work-outie people up here in Summerlin keep this place busy!  I mean literally not even a block away is Lifetime Fitness!  That place is hardcore.Food = OK.  Service = OK.  Fast and efficient as a colonoscopy.  Really nothing of greatness at this McDonald's.  Really run of the mill.  We often visit this location if we are staying in the nearby Red Rock Casino.  Although I would suppose this location stays steadily busy is in part because of the tourists that stay at the Red Rock as well and want cheap eats while on vacation.  Gotta make up for all those lost wages!Newest thing at McDonald's is their health-conscious Egg White 'Delight' McMuffin.  Definitely a healthier take on their breakfast menu.  And yes, I fell for that damn $1 coupon conveniently stuck to my McDonald's bag and tried one.  Myself being a bit of a health nut can't complain.  This egg white creation is pretty tasty.  Grilled egg whites, Canadian bacon (eh?), and white cheddar all on a toasted English muffin?  All for only 250 calories?  Yeah for a dollar I really liked it.  But at the regular price of almost $3?  I would have probably passed.  With coupon for $1 and a $1 coffee it made for a nice meal on the small scale of economy.  I almost, ALMOST, added a $1 hash brown.  Luckily I passed and decided to save my money & calories for later.Other than that, I think majority of people around the world know what McDonald's offers on their menu.  If you don't, dang, you must be living under a rock?  Or possibly a place where there is no McDonald's within your vicinity (like under a rock).
1	Came to this McDonald's Friday, 7/5/13, forgot to check in though, lol!! Anyways, McDonalds is suppose to be a family joint right?!, especially when they have the playland, well how is it that this place, knowing people come with kids off all ages, NOT have a changing table in the restroom???? Unbelievable!! I will say though at least this place is clean and nice but what I dont like is that they dont have a ketchup dispenser they just have ketchup packets, I personally don't like that all.
3	This is the 2nd closest McDs to my house. The closest one is so inconsistent that I come to this one more often. The drive thru can be long  and they often run out of cinnamon melts but the food is at least the way I ordered it and hot when I get it. The inside is clean and a mad house during breakfast time. All in all a decent location.
1	Be careful!  I ordered an iced drink @ the drive thru.  The guy @ the second window never said hi or thanks.  I thought my drink was just wet on the outside.   Within minutes my  plastic cup was sticky.  By the time I got home my hands were sticky as well as my steering wheel, shifter, window controls.  It was a lot of work getting myself & the car cleaned.  I called the local office.  All she said was that she was sorry & she would tell them to wipe off the glasses.  She did not offer to have a manager call me &/or send me a gift card.I emailed corporate.  All I have received is a form email  back.  It's been 5 days.  I think I will stick w/iced-tea lemonades @ Coffee Beans & Tea Leaves.  Bye MacDonald's!
2	Micky D's should all be the same, but this one in the 10 plus year I've been going there has about the most stand offish unfriendly people ever. It starts from the top so I guess the owners just don't care if there employees are unfriendly.
1	Seriously, this probably was the least friendly McDonald's ever.  Other than asking for our order, which was 3 coffees, they didn't say anything to us when we went to the drive-thru window or when we picked up the coffees.  Not one word.  We said thank you at each window.Will not go back to this McDonald's for anything.
1	I would have given this 5 stars if not for the fact that the chucklefuck drive thru staff randomly leaves work at 10 when it closes at 11 and when they are working do some fucked up things.Example: I had lost my job, my wife, and my car, and a friend of mine picked me up on the side of the road, but not before I was forced to suck a dick for the $2 that would give me the moolah to afford a single pleasure in this meaningless world: a medium fry from THE KING of fast food, Ronald "Firecrotch" McDonald. We drove to this establishment, as it was nearest to the drug den that I had just left. Purple haze ringing in my nostrils and Nickelback blaring from the Hummer H2 behind me, I ordered my delicacy. Upon arriving at the window, I was shocked to find that the Americans with Disabilities Act applies to people who were born sideways with three umbilical cords wrapped around their extra chromosome. Good job being progressive giants, McDonalds. UNFORTUNATELY, this coke bottle glasses-wearing invalid decided to give me, a man with nary a possession to his name, a medium fry trapped indecently in a complex puzzle box constructed from bags that had clearly formerly hosted the cursed sperm sample that grew his hairy greasy ass in a test tube in Santa Monica. I was speechless, but since I couldn't afford a drink, a fire in the hole was not possible and I had to suffice with a middle finger held aloft by my comrade in my defense against this venerable Smaug of the culinary industry. Never again. 9/11 is in my heart today and tomorrow and the next day but after that idk seriously.
1	If only this had a zero stars option. This was by far the most disgusting McDonalds I have ever been to. Do not go here. Not a single table was clean. There was trash all over the floor. Not a single customer service person smiled. There were no lids, there was no ketchup, there were no straws, there were no napkins. I asked the manager to please replenish the napkins and lids and things like that and I please clear off an area for us and she ignored me. They messed up multiple peoples orders. Just dude was horrible. It is the first time I have ever had a Big Mac and not liked it. The French fries were stale. The hamburgers were thin and hard. There were dead flies on the floor and flies flying around the restaurant. This place needs to be shut down.
1	I went to this location a couple of weeks ago. This is how my visit went:I pulled in the drive thru a few minutes before 10:30am just in time for breakfast. I was the only person in the drive thru so I pulled right up to the menuI waited for someone to take my order at the speaker but no one said anythingFinally an employee with an headset walked out of the back room of McdonaldsI figured this was because the order speaker was broken or somethingBut no, the employee walked over and flipped the menu from breakfast to lunchtimeI was thinking in my head .... whaaaaaaaaaaaaaat?Keep in mind, my car is right there, I'm obviously waiting to order.Then the employee turned around and walked back into McDonaldsThen someone started taking my order over the speakerI ordered my breakfast items. which they informed me they were no longer serving. I was thinking in my mind "do you not think I just saw you walk out and turn the menu, I mean my car was like 2 feet away from you"Anyway, I was craving breakfast, so I let them know I wanted to cancel my orderI was told the breakfast hours were overThen ... magically ... like a Christmas Miracle, they had breakfast for me.Truth is I was willing to leave McDonalds with out my breakfast food. I have a rule for myself. I never fight with people that make my food behind closed doors. Yea, maybe paranoid but sadly its a reality. So I was completely polite about canceling my order. I do believe they did the right thing by offering me these breakfast items. Where i find the problem is the simple lack of customer service. That conversation of them no longer serving breakfast was one we should have never had. Implying that my order was an inconvenience when clearly It shouldn't have been. So then, i went back a few days later (because I'm the type that gives second chances) and they missed a few items that I had ordered. Meaning I ordered them, saw it on the drive thru order menu screen, paid for it and it wasn't in my bag when they gave me my order.Yea, this is a long review, I would honestly be surprised if someone read down this far. Props to you if you have. But the whole reason behind it is that I am just super tired of getting terrible customer service and paying for food that I don't get. The reason this review is only 1 star is because I have given this place multiple visits and keep coming up with the same problem. Bad customer service.
