5	Absolutely stunning. The meal I had at La Faim du Monde was one of the best I have ever had in my life. My boyfriend agreed with my sentiments, and we spent the majority of the night raving about the culinary masterpiece that was our dinner. Had I eaten here the first night of my stay instead of my last, I certainly would have been a repeat customer. The next time I'm in Montreal, this is going to be my first stop for a meal.This is an amazing, impressive little operation. And I do mean little. The space is rather small, though not too cramped for me, even at full capacity; there is one waiter who services the entire dining room with impressive grace and kindness; the chef who cooks with serious fire and without pause from the open kitchen; and a someone cleaning up in the back, blasting some of the best music ever (from John Lennon to Godspeed! You Black Emperor). It's not a fast paced environment--that would be impossible, I think--but leisurely and enjoyable. Truly delightful, memorable experience.For my meal, I had the Thali Du Jour, which was worth more than five stars. Served on an enormous platter (the portions are tremendous), I was treated to two portions of the chef's choice of curry (one a slightly hot zucchini, the other a milder, creamy spinach), lentil puree (you can choose chickpeas) flavored with scallions and cilantro, organic brown rice, and freshly baked chapati. I was continually impressed and delighted with every bite. My boyfriend had the Mexican Burger and fried potatoes, and couldn't stop raving; it was stuffed with brown rice, black beans, fresh veggies, pumpkin seeds, tahini, and chipotle peppers, and was served on a beautiful sourdough bun. And as if that's not enough, each meal is served with an outstanding, refreshing cabbage salad, which was unlike anything I've ever tasted. To quote my partner, "I don't even like red cabbage, and I loved that!" The food at La Faim du Monde is prepared with thought and care, right down to the smallest detail. Even the water is treated with respect; it's flavored with lemon and anise. I really can't say enough good things about my experience here. It was just fantastic. The slogan of the restaurant is absolutely true: a bite is worth a thousand words.
1	This was our only bad dining experience in our week long trip to montreal. Food was poor for the most part (except samosas which weren't too bad). The worst part was the waitress - she was just plain horrible. Didn't get us our food for over 1.5 hours on a weekday afternoon when they weren't even very busy, got the order wrong when she did get it and by that point we were so hungry that we didn't bother telling her she got it wrong. She also didn't ask us for water a second time while we were waiting for the food, and she was staying out of our sight so we couldn't even ask her for anything. I usually don't rate restaurants this low but this place really stands out for how bad the service is. Stay away from this place!
4	So great to have access to vegetarian/vegan food outside of our hippie haven of Northern California!I had a great Dal soup and my sister enjoyed a vegetable peanut curry dish- best of both I've ever had. Warming, hearty, and healthy.  What more can you ask for?
5	My boyfriend and I ate here 2 years ago.  Hands down, the best vegie burger either of us has ever had in our entire lives.  This should be a great thing, but instead it has created an unrealistic benchmark for every other restaurant we dine at.  We now live with chronic disappointment.  The only place to ever come close was a pub in the UK.The service wasn't the best, but I would go back in an instant.  In fact, we wi'll be in Vermont in 3 weekends from now and we are making the 2.5 hour drive north JUST to eat one of those burgers again.
4	Meh.  We went back and we were disappointed.  Somehow the slaw was more limp, the burger was less tasty, and the lentil soup was revolting.  It tasted like perfume.  Odd.
5	This was my first vegan/vegetarian restaurant experience, and I was very pleased.  Warning:  huge servings.  I would definitely recommend sharing if possible.  The sangria wasn't my favorite - tasted more like a spicy fruit juice than a fruity refreshing wine beverage, but the food was way yummy.  I got the soba noodles in peanut sauce with tempeh dish.. very good stuff.  You should try it!
