5	Just opened up today, 01/13/2012,  I decided my craving of the Paradise Club and Black & White chippers was too great to not go.  Especially seeing as this place is a 2 minute walk from my office.  I was expecting this place to be packed, but somewhat disorganized.  Well, I was right about one thing.  It was packed!!This location is where the old Fuddruckers was and has been completely remodeled.  It looks fantastic!  Lots of outdoor seating and indoor seating.   They were giving out samples for the chippers (of course), but also had samples for their mac & cheese.  OMG.  The mac & cheese is THE BOMB!!!   I decided to get not only a small cup of m&c, but my traditional club sandwich too.  *Hey, I'm pregnant...I can be greedy to an extent!  LOL*  And some cookies to take home - b&w chippers, 1 macademia, and 1 oatmeal.    As we were about to head back to work with lunches in tote, we were offered another sample - the Frontega Chicken Panini.   This too was awesome!!  I think the next time I walk over for lunch, I'll get that instead of the club.  The staff was awesome.  You'd think with the huge crowd, almost leading out the door, they'd be on edge and grumpy.  Not them!  Very helpful and friendly.  Shall I return?  Yes!  This location is going to be very dangerous for me and my pocketbook!  LOL
4	Had lunch today 1/2 soup and sandwich.   Delicious chicken salad sandwich with walnuts.  Super!  And cheese and brocolli soup..... nummers!The kids white macaroni and cheese.....mmmmm.Their cookies are way too sweet for me...toooo many chocolate chips for my taste.  But the rest of the family love them.Super service.  Managed by the wonderful and talented Sue...who used to manage the Paradise at Biltmore.  Lucky to have her!Jon
4	I ordered a catering order on Friday for Monday pick up. It was messed up, I called and spoke with a manager, who was going to look into it.  Veronica the catering manager called me back. (Someone else took the original order-a man not her) The reason I will give Paradise Bakery 5 stars on this day still, is HER CUSTOMER SERVICE IS AMAZING. She ended up coming to our office bringing us cookies and 10% off catering order and free sandwich coupons. She went ABOVE AND BEYOND. I couldn't believe she actually drove to my office to sincerely apologize on the order. I actually was just at paradise bakery ordering for myself 20  mins before this. I double check my order from now on, because of errors and she said ask for her from now on and I can just order thru her. I told her that isnt necessary since she has all the catering orders, but I appreciate her sincere offer. She makes me want to continue to be a loyal customer. Again I love Paradise Bakery. I just hated the mess ups. I will continue to eat there and order our catering thru them. Thank you Veronica. You should be praised for your great customer service.
2	These seem to be everywhere in Arizona.We got in just before closing and the staff were just milling around, no doubt waiting for the place to close up so that they could go home.So despite there being one more person in line, they only were taking orders from one person. Perhaps they had done their fair share of the work that day.The sandwich was meaty and tasty albeit a cold sandwich. The cookie was pretty good but doesn't compare to the gooiness that you get when you check into a Doubletree hotel!All in all, an average sandwich cafe that is super busy from the looks of other locations but is still basically like a fast food joint. -1 star for the less than stellar service.
4	Stumbled into this place while vacationing in Scottsdale for Spring Training. I was suffering from one of those hangovers that makes you feel your pulse in your dome. My buddy(who was campaigning for breakfast at Taco Bell..who does that?) was driving like a kamikaze pilot and responded to the vehicle full of people pointing towards Paradise and grunting uggghhh. While walking up to the door an odd brown dribble stain was pointing us towards the entrance. Didn't know what to make of this. Also wasn't sure if it was from my friends who had plodded in ahead of me. Once entering this fine establishment my not-so-working-correct brain couldn't comprehend the two different counters. Also confusing was the two menus. Being told what was going on by a nice gal behind the counter didn't help much since English was definitely my second language at this point in time. After just pointing at what I needed I was ushered along to the cash register. I got my number sat with my group and waited.....and waited......and waited. As more time passed I began to ponder what the actual construction and building time for a croissant sandwich was. Also helping was my wife reminding me of every person that got there food ahead of me. We were asked how are food was a couple of times so I figure they could sense my frustration as to not having it. Then my glorious croissant sandwich was brought to me. It tasted absolutely magnificent. I could have died right then and been happy. To make up for this delay the manager brought us THREE boxes of cookies. I didn't catch her name, but damn if she didn't pass customer relations 101. Tossing me a free OJ would've been sufficient, but to give this wild pack of drunken animals munchies for the weekend went above and beyond. I will definitely crawl back in the next time I visit Scottsdale.
4	Wandered in here during Spring Training when our hotel (where the breakfast buffet is free) had a long wait.  It was conveniently located right across the street.  When we arrived the place was packed with other baseball fans - so we got in line, ordered an omelette and a breakfast sandwich, along with oj and a mocha.  We took our number and sat down to wait.  After about fifteen minutes, and seeing others who were behind us in line get their food - we started to get a little nervous.  Lo and behold the manager, Susan, approached our table and asked if we were still waiting for food.  We told her we were, and she hurried off to find out what was up.  Pretty soon she returned with two complimentary scones and our money back for the hot food.  She promised it would be right up, and it was there in just a couple more minutes.  She came back by to apologize again, and be sure that everything was good.The food here is okay - the scones were great, the hot food what you would expect from a breakfast bar atmosphere.  But everything was hot and fresh, and for the price it's a pretty good deal.  What gives them the extra ++ is the customer service.  We would have been happy with either a free treat, or even just an apology - but Susan went above and beyond on a day when the place was absolutely slammed with people.We'll be heading back here in the future - if nothing else for the delicious scones and coffee!!
5	Spacious place which is very accomodating to people working alone or in the group.  I feel comfortable coming alone and just reading paper.Love the Choose 2. Such great deal and choices.  Plus, you can even customize what they have on the menu.  I am always trying to watch my weight so it is awesome that I can fill up on a turkey sandwich and greek salad for such little calories, high protein and low cost. Plus, its way better tasting than fast food!!   What is not there to love!!Thank you for taking over the old Fuddruckers. You are becoming my 2nd home. :)
4	I'm happy to welcome another Paradise Bakery to the Scottsdale neighborhood. At first I wondered why they would open a P.B. so close to their other one at the mall, but in thinking about it a little more, I realize that these two locations must get two totally different groups of visitors. This P.B. is airy, open, quick and of course has the delicious Paradise Bakery quality of food. I won't go into depth about the food here since this is a pretty prominent chain, but their sandwiches, salads, soup and breakfast are always delicious (especially their Walnut Chicken Salad Sandwich and Tomato soup!) I like that this location has plenty of parking, enough space to hang out and do some work and fast service. Now I will say that with this being in Old Town, there are many other restaurants I would visit before coming to this Paradise Bakery. However, if you need food on the go and you're passing by this bakery, you will be happy with your experience.
4	Kind of cold, otherwise your typical Paradise Bakery. Delicious chicken Caesar salads.
4	Great service every time. If they make a mistake, they give you another free cookie. The best chocolate chip cookies... free. Yum.
4	beautiful and clean.  its a chain restaurant...i eat lunch here 2 X per week.  food is consistently good...but a tad over priced.  It is not so expensive to stop my visits. service is always professional and nice.  they arent your bff...they are there to serve you with friendly professionalism.  i love it.  my only complaint is the terrible9 muzak...this is the only place i frequent which has true elevator music.  other than that...great job!
2	Apparently if your standing under the lit "order here" sign and no one is at the register, the employee standing at the register over from the sign is not allowed to help you... You physically must be in his or her narrow line of sight and directly in front of their register or else in their world you physically do not exist.  In other words very poor customer service.
1	Panera Bread wannabes. Food was OK and coffee was Eh. Not large portions for price. Free chocolate chip cookie was a nice touch and the orange scone was good. Broccoli cheddar soup was pretty good. Would not come back.
5	BEST latte ever! I was impressed with the latte I had this morning. Better than the latte from other coffee shops and cheaper.
4	This is a good place for a quick, healthy lunch. The sandwiches and salads are tasty and the coffee and desserts are good as well. Just keep in mind, it gets pretty crowded at lunch so parking may be crowded and there's almost always a line, but they do a good job of getting to you quickly. While its not a place for a long, quiet conversation, it does its job.
4	Great food.. the thai chopped chicken salad is my fav...
3	Good parking, great location and quick service were the highlight of this Paradise Bakery location. The ambiance isn't as nice as many Paradise Bakery locations. However, there's free wifi and breakfast is definitely their best meal.Stay away from the oatmeal as the egg dishes are better. I really miss the OJ they had when everything was fresh v out of a bottle. Good place to eat, if you are in a hurry.
4	Buried in my unfinished reviews is this one.  I owe Paradise Bakery an apology as I love this particular location.  Lots of seating and always clean.  I actually prefer Paradise for dinner, rather than lunch.  No parking dilemmas, and the place is nice and quiet.  Before this one opened, the nearest location to me was Fashion Square.  What a debacle that one is!My long-time favorite is their chicken salad on molasses bread.  I could eat this every day of my life.  I have ventured away from it at times, but have always left wishing I had gone with the chicken salad.  But wait, there's a new kid in town...the Big Kid Grilled Cheese with gruyere, white cheddar, and American for the all-important meltiness (yes, it's a word).   And BACON!!!!!!  What bacon can do for a sandwich is mind-boggling.  With their creamy tomato soup, it's a match made in my version of heaven.
2	I used to like Paradise Bakery a lot more than I do now. They've changed their menu a bunch, and while I appreciate a menu that isn't stagnant, I found myself just staring at their chalk boards unable to find something that sounded appealing. I ended up selecting their avocado Cobb salad and it came with like three chunks of avocado. My full size salad and a medium sized mediocre iced coffee drink ran me almost $15 after tax.Not impressed.
5	I just love paradise bakery! I was so happy that they finally opened a location closer to my home that isn't in the mall - great idea. I came here about a week ago to pick up a quick to-go dinner. Manuela was great - super friendly, made sure to see if I wanted the dressing mixed or on the side, etc. I always appreciate genuine customer service. Of course I'll be back, I could probably eat p.bakery everday. Oh, and the cookies are always my favorite :)
4	Good reliable lunch place, fresh salads, good sandwiches, and great tea.
4	Working across the street is dangerous! Damn you Paradise Bakery and your buy one get one free cookies!! I only want one cookie! My ass is getting fat!!
5	Sure, everyone knows Paradise Bakery as an affordable, well diverse menu for any lunch taste. But my review is for their stellar management and delivery service who continue to service me and my clients in a timely manner, and always aim to please! A fantastic choice for any of your catering needs! Thank You Paradise Bakery! (ok, I'm hungry now...can you please open in California?! :)
2	Normally I like paradise bakery more but this location has screwed up my order more often than not
4	I love Paradise Bakery! Their walnut chicken salad sandwich is by far my favorite meal there! Last night my sister and I bought lemon zest cookies and they were SHUT THE FRONT DOOR good!!!! I will be going back soon!
4	(I'm guessing) unpopular opinion: I'm generally not a fan of the freestanding Paradise Bakery locations, and actually prefer the condensed mall versions. I guess it's because for years I was only familiar with the one in Fashion Square & got used to there menu, & when I started working close to the one on Scottsdale Rd & I forget where (I think Doubletree?) I hated it. I didn't really care for any of the expanded options that weren't offered at the mall locations (I'm still not) & the line system confused me. If you're ONLY getting a salad go here, but if you're getting a salad AND soup go there, but if you want a sandwich go here. Blah, blah, blah. To make things worst, somebody (sometimes you ) always gets accused of cutting, which causes even more commotion. That's where this location is a step above the other freestanding Paradise Bakeries. For whatever reason they seem to be more organized & efficient, and despite how busy they can get during lunch they keep things moving. As far as the food goes, I've always found things to be pretty consistent at any Paradise Bakery (which means fresh & tasty, but nothing that's going to blow you away...except the tomato soup...when the weather isn't hot THAT stuff is pretty awesome!), and this location is no different. I pretty much tend to stick the soups (weather permitting, obvi), the BLT, the club, and some of the salads. I also love the chocolate chip cookies that come with most things, but I absolutely LOVE the sugar cookies from the bakery! They're so thick, sugary, & batter-y (I made that word up).
5	Friendly staff. Fantastic COFFEE drink! Way better than anything I've had at starbucks, ever! I use to love Seattle's Best in Borders and the Gloria Jeans in a few malls throughout the country and this held up and exceeded their fantastic coffees and frap type drinks. Their pastries were soft and fresh and also so yummy. It was busy both times we were there but well worth the wait. It moves rather quickly considering how many people are there, the amount that they put out, the complexity of some items ordered. The staff works well under busy, retail pressure.
4	I've been to so many PB's I could write 15 different reviews but I won't since this one along with the Scottsdale Fashion Square mall food court one are the ones I frequent the most.  I think the idea behind this restaurant is very good . . . feature fresh ingredients in a pleasant surrounding.  Their fresh baked cookies are not only delectable but dangerous if you have a cookie jones like I do.  I could eat a dozen sugar, snickerdoodle and chocolate chip cookies in a heartbeat.My favorite sandwich which others have mentioned is the walnut chicken on molasses bread.  Paired with either a small Cesar salad or a cup of soup, and you're good to go.Always dependable, reliable, friendly and consistent pretty much from location to location, this is my go to fast food joint when I am around urban areas.  I only wish they would open one up in Flagstaff or Prescott.Great food.  Reasonable prices.  Very good quality.  You can't go wrong.
4	Added Additional Food Items -  8/1/13Customer Service - Top Notch!!!  I hang my head in shame to admit that according the visits on my receipt, I've been to this Paradise a total of 51 times.  LOLSoups/Salads/Sandwiches: Summer Corn Chowder -  Two Thumbs Up Broccoli Cheese - Thumbs UpFire Roasted Tomato - Thumbs UpGarden Vegetable with Pesto - Thumbs UpMac & Cheese - Thumbs UpStrawberry Poppyseed & Chicken - Thumbs up!  This is my first time ordering a "salad".  It was pretty good, but I think I'll ask them though to only use half a spoonful of dressing when I get a half salad again.  I would get it on the side, but I like how they toss the salad, distributing the dressing. Sierra Turkey - Very dry.  Checked and only had a small dab of the spread is on the sandwich.  Onion was too overpowering. Bacon Turkey Bravo - My go to sandwich.  Nuff SaidTuna Sandwich - WAY too much mayo.  Not ordering again. Frontega Chicken - Thumbs UpParadise Club - Thumbs UpPasta Salad - Thumbs UpCookies:Chocolate Chip - Two Thumbs UpOatmeal - Two Thumbs UpI'll add more to this list as I try other menu items....
3	Once upon a time this was a  regular lunch stop..I would have given it 4 1/2 stars then.. But.. Then this visit.. When I sat down and took the first bite of my salad I looked at my best-friend and said "umm what is this?" Yuck! It was bad.. She got the soup which was very bland and tasteless. I will go back and do try again, I once loved this place maybe it was a off day!
5	Amazing chicken avocado Cobb salad .. I would recommend this place to my friends and family ! Also they have the best chocolate chip cookies !
4	Great location for a quick bite!   Good soups and sandwiches.  Nice desserts.  I only give four out of five stars because it is a tad pricey for the food you recieve.
4	great salads subpar service.
3	Today I had a small Blue Cheese Salad and cup of Autumn Squash soup. Both were pretty good. The service for the most part left something to be desired however. Like maybe some acknowledgment? My boyfriend told me I needed to order my salad straight from the salad-making girl with the little hat, who was standing there messing with the ingredients trying to look busy. I was standing directly in front of her, waiting for her to look up at me. She didn't. Still standing there with my empty tray, I asked my boyfriend, "Are you sure this is where I order a salad?". She still wouldn't look up. Sigh... fine! "Um, excuse me, is this where I order a salad?" Seriously, that pisses me off that I have to ask. She also looked like she REALLY hated making my salad. Maybe she would rather work in the back or something...The soup girl was extremely friendly and complimented my shirt and the b/f's Halloween costume. I liked her.
5	they had given me the wrong dressing for my salad and i work in a very busy call center i was really mad i SPECIALLY told her what salad dressing i needed and when my co-woker brought it back it was wrong!!! im not going lie i was mad only because i was sooooooooooo freakn hungry and it was 4pm and i was on my last brain cell lol the manager talked to me and they brought me my dressing i only work 1minute away thank goodness and they gave me cookies who doesn't like cookies!!!i was soo happy after top notch service i love them seriously i do!!! best manager took care of the situation swiftly and professionally i wish i caught her name but like i said i was on my last brain cell lol im glad she is the manager she is amazing! and thanks to chris who brought my dressing and was so sweet about it!!!
5	I am happy to say this review is a "pay it forward" type of review! I went to this Paradise for my lunch break. I had been craving their fontina grilled cheese and creamy tomato soup for over a week prior. There were many people and it was slightly getting disorganized (I waited behind people who were getting salads and was not told it was ok to go around them for over 5 mins). I get to the soup station and I was told that they no longer have the creamy tomato soup. I was a bit bummed and just said " oh, that was what I was really looking forward to".  The manager heard my remark and said " We are just so sorry we don't have that soup now, but how about we buy your lunch for your trouble". I couldn't believe it! She was so kind and even gave me a large drink. I have never had such wonderful customer service. That really made my day. I can't wait to go back and give them my business for years to come. I did not catch the manager's name but she was awesome and had a big smile on her face the whole time! My faith in humanity is restored because of this place.
2	IN A NUTSHELL: Typical "higher end" soup and sandwich chain. This place, in my opinion, is a logistical nightmare.LOCATION/PARKING: Just off Scottsdale Rd in Old Scottsdale. Easy in and out parking lot.ORDERING PROCESS: Extremely confusing. There is no clear place to order. At least during our time there, there wasn't. Even though I was standing in line, I was skipped about three times. Descriptions of menu items were lacking. More photos would be nice. They have a "build your own salad" set up (like Subway) but nothing is labeled. There are at least ten different dressings and you just have to point and ask "what is that one? The red one second to the right?" Even a sign would be helpful. Many people were confused. People next to me ordered soup. The staff asked "do you want the topping?" More than once I heard people ask "well what is the topping?" One employee actually praised a customer for "doing a good job for their first time" because "most people have no clue what's going on here when they order." You get those numbered table tents so they can bring your order, but nobody I saw actually used them. They sit on the tray as you travel down the line, requesting food items, your order being built as you go. When you get to the end, your order is complete and they take the table tent. FOOD SELECTIONS: Seemed okay but I am sure that I missed a lot?!VALUE: $10 for a salad and half of a panini. Meh.FINAL VERDICT: Even though the employees were nice and tried their best to help the customers navigate through this restaurant's ordering nightmare, I would absolutely never return. Whoever designed how this place is supposed to function really needs to reevaluate the layout. The whole thing is nonsensical.
4	Uh. Is this a Panera? Out-of-towner looking for a straight salad.  When I walked in I thought I was transported to the Panera back home.  I like that you can put whatever you want on the salad ... Panera doesn't do that.
4	Great service, food is consistent and really good.  It is what I expect Paradise Bakery to be.
4	Came here for bfast because we were staying across the street. Ordered their Mediterranean Egg White sandwich and was not disappointed. Also got the blueberry muffin which was soso.
4	What would you get if Panera and Piada hooked up and had a baby? This!  The first one I wandered into hungry was further up the road and I was craving a breakfast sandwich...they said sorry breakfast stops being served at 10.  Mind you it was 10:03 when I was in there.  Not happy.But I tried the one here because the inlaws wanted to go in.  Not bad at all.  Other than not knowing where to order anything because there aren't any signs that say Order Here, the staff was friendly and the salad I had constructed for me was good.  Everything but for a few items can be included in your salad (I wanted shaved parmesan and that cost me 25cents more)And their asiago bagel sandwiches? Oh yeah!
4	Strawberry poppyseed chicken salad is the best salad ever! I know it's a seasonal item, but I'll take it while I can! Lol.This Paradise Bakery was right across the street from our hotel room.  My choice for lunch! Super convenient! The place was busy, yet still very manageable to get in and out of. There was a little mix up with our order, but the lady at the cashier counter was super friendly and very helpful with getting our order right and done quickly!My friend had a half a sandwich and cheddar & broccoli soup, and I had the strawberry poppyseed chicken salad. OMG! Everything was delicious! The portions were pretty generous for being just half. Loved everything! That soup was creamy and super cheesy too! Mmmm!Thank you to that super gal at the counter, I definitely appreciate her kindness, since it can be really frustrating when it's super busy! (Got an extra cookie since they messed up my order!) Customer service is tops here!  The service and food was excellent, what more can you ask for?
3	The coffee is amazing, a bit watered down compared to Starbucks coffee but definitely smoother. My only complaint was my muffin. I LOVE muffins, especially poppyseed muffins. You can hardly ever go wrong. Yesterday morning however it was awful. Too dry, lacking in flavor, and too heavy, missed that muffin quality. Made me question if I'd ever enjoy muffins again. This is a bakery after all, it's speciality should be the originals. Please step it up PB, I need muffins in my life.
1	This specific location, service was poor, establishment was dirty, carpets looked dingy.  Not appealing. They need to make some significant changes.
3	I have eaten at this location several times  sandwiches are decent and the coffee is good.  I went this morning craving bagels and was so disappointed.   The bagels were undercooked to such a degree that even putting them in the oven at home to cook them a bit more didn't really help.  we just threw them out. they just weren't edible.
1	Took my Mom here for Mother's Day because she loves this place.  I was happy to see that nobody else was in there so I could take my time ordering, that was not the case at all.  My brother ordered first and was trying to tell the girl how he wanted his salad, meanwhile the cashier was calling to him to pay for his meal.  Next thing you know she's calling down to me so she can ring me up on his order and I haven't even decided what I wanted yet.  When I finally decided she rang us up and come to find out they ran out of what I ordered so she had to refund him (which was a difficult task for her to figure out and took over 10 min) and charge the new price.  They ended up making my brothers salad wrong and my sandwich wrong.  Thumbs down to this experience.  I will not be returning.
4	Delicious place for a light dinner.  I got the french onion soup and was very satisfying.  Reminds me of a Panera Bread cafe.  Came back the next morning for a quick breakfast.  It would help if they offered some hot sauces to go with my eggs...at least I did not see any hot sauce around.
2	Their food is okay. Nothing has ever really stood out to me (except the cookies), which is probably why I don't go in very often.  However, when I do go in, I am always reminded of the reason they will never, ever surpass three stars in my book, regardless of how delicious their cookies, or anything else they serve, is: THEIR STUPID, POINTLESS, FRUSTRATING ORDERING SYSTEM.Honestly, I've probably gone to paradise about a half a dozen times in my life. Every single time, if you were to come up to me at my table and ask me "How did you get your food today?" I would be dumbfounded. I literally block it out, it is that irritating. Yes, I eventually end up at a table with a salad or sandwich, maybe a cup of soup, but no I can't help you, random stranger who also doesn't know how to order. I don't know how this happened.A couple weeks ago my boyfriend and I went to this location.  We got to the back of the line and I literally turned to him and said "Their ordering system is really stupid. I don't know how to work it, I just know it's stupid. Just go through and do what the employees tell you and eventually we'll have food somehow."This was actually one of the more stupid Paradise ordering experiences I had ever had, so it was nice for him to experience that on his very first visit. Long story short: We ended up ordering every item from the same employee though she kept directing us down this invisible assembly line of people only to meet us at the next station and take the rest of our order there. It was very confusing. So confusing in fact that the guy in front of us got so pissed off he complained to the location manager about their restaurant ordering workflow. If random customers are complaining to store managers about corporate wide ordering policies, maybe it's time to re-evaluate your stupid system that does nothing but make people feel awkward and waste everyone's time.
5	This is a great Paradise.  I love the size of the place.  Plus, on my first time here I was greeted by a friendly, enthusiastic lady.  And that's always nice.The tea is good and it's an easy-to-get-to spot with good vibes, where you can have business meeting in the middle of the afternoon.  Haven't been here for breakfast, just drinks and meetings.So on that criteria -- business meetings, tea / coffee, service -- are what I'm basing my rating on.Plus-food-review coming soon...
3	My first visit ever to a Paradise Bakery. Service was great as I went through the line, and it went downhill from there. I ordered a Pick Two with a half turkey sandwich and cup of soup. No wheat rolls left, only white rolls for soup. Virtually all the tables in the restaurant were dirty at 7:30pm. There were more employees working than customers in the store at the time I sat down at the only clean table in the place and ate my soup. My sandwich wasn't brought to my table until after I had already finished my soup. Nothing terrible, but nothing worth more than three stars.
4	First rate sandwich and breakfast place. Good value sandwiches, each coming with a great fresh chocolate chip cookie! Limited breakfast items. But good breakfast sandwiches and pastries. Self serve. Fast . Great.
