5	I was somewhat apprehensive due to an article that I had previously read about this Vet.  Luckily I had also found additional information to refute those articles.  Why lucky, you ask?  Because this is a great little office nestled off the main drag in Dormont.  Yeah, it's a bit of a drive from Pittsburgh proper, but they are also open later to help with the fact that some of us actually work for a living.It is a very small waiting room and you really don't want to have to wait due to the different animals that are continually coming through the door -- that is vet common sense -- so make certain you call ahead to get an appointment.  All of the associates were well mannered and fawned over my little Sophie.  All of the paperwork was filled out for us and were were quickly taken back to one of the exam rooms.  Typical exam room with easily cleaned metal table and linoleum floors.The Vet-Tech was very knowledgeable and seemed truly interested in making certain my puppy was taken care of.  A little preachy near the end, I let it slide knowing why she was saying it -- positive reinforcement for the puppies is the only way to go people, believe it.  The doctor came in soon after and did the full exam on Sophie.  He was quick and methodical, but at no time did I hear my pup whine.  He pointed out things that he saw and gave Sophie her preliminary vaccinations.  And then all was done.  At no point did he try to up-sell me.  At no point did he or his associates try to give me anything that was not needed.  He was straightforward and plain in his language and he answered all of my questions truthfully.  How do I know?  I already knew the answers to my questions.  I am fairly protective of my Boston Terriers; and as a small breed they have some health idiosyncracies and nuances that many vets don't know about.  He knew the answers.   I was happy.  At the end of the visit, they even gave me the records without hesitation.  This office is great.  I will definitely return when I am in the area.
5	Even though I lived out in Bloomfield, I chose to drive out to this vet because I'd heard good reviews about Dr. Dorn's handling of rats and other small exotic breeds. I had two rats and Dr. Dorn was excellent with both. He was the best vet I could have hoped for. With rats, it's sometimes hard to find (even highly experienced) vets who understand that a rat has a personality and bonds with its owner to the same degree as a dog--many people act like pet rats are just large gerbils. Dr. Dorn understood, and never made me feel silly about being anxious about them. He calmed my pets down and they loved him immediately, even falling asleep during the exam. He never tried to up-sell, and when one rat had an operable tumor (a $200 surgery) he didn't make me feel guilty for choosing euthanasia instead (he was a very old rat). When the time came, the entire staff was incredibly patient with me, and let me spend as much time as I needed in the private exam room with my rat. Afterwards, they even sent me a condolence card. The vet techs were all professional and cheerful. The small office seemed like a friendly, casual environment. Exams for a rat were around $60 with medicine and so forth... I can't remember the specific prices, but they seemed reasonable. They were always able to see me on the same day I called. If I hadn't moved out of town, I would certainly still be making the lengthy drive from Bloomfield to get here--it was worth it.
5	Nothing is more precious than my little kitties.  I realize that made me sound like a total crazy cat lady, but admittedly I am!So when it comes to your kitties health, you want someone to take it seriously!  I've thankfully only had to deal with them twice before.  Once for the round of kitten vaccines and neutering.  I believe for the two kittens it was around $175.  The other issue I had was that my one cat had pretty gross eye junk (obviously technical terms I avoid).  The vet who saw me was incredibly friendly and very gentle with my little furry friend.  They were able to fill my prescription of eye drops right away so I wouldn't have to worry about it coming in.  About $50 later I was on my way.Furry and non furry friends should feel comfortable coming here!
5	My dog means the world to me and I couldn't imagine anyone better to handle her care than Dr. Dorn. I grew up raising puppies as a family hobby and became very attached to quality care from a vet in my hometown. My standards for a vet are high and I was more than pleasantly surprised by WLAH. My first experience with Dr. Dorn was no more than 2 weeks after my adoption of my dog. I was pretty certain that she had UTI and it was confirmed. He was such a nice doctor and all of his staff was understandable and sweet. It also felt like a family environment and the office building is adorable. I didn't feel like I was taking my dog to some overly commercial MedVet (the worst place you can go) or chain. The whole appointment, plus medicine, plus taking out her stitches (for free) was $45. I was in shock! It was very reasonable.No matter where you live in the city, I highly recommend Dr. Dorn!
5	I was very apprehensive about changing vets after 10+ years and only did so due to relocation from out of state. I have to say Dr Dorn and his staff provide wonderful and affordable care. I would highly recommend to anyone looking for pet care!
