3	Milio's, formerly called "Big Mikes," is A-OK. Their french bread is super fantastic as part of any of their subs. I like the veggie with oil and vinegar added. The location during the school year can be a nightmare, especially if you're dumb enough to go there around the high school's lunch time. There are tons of teenagers walking all over the place letting their huge sense of self entitlements hang out. The parking lot has some seriously awesome potholes. It's like goin' off roadin' to the drive thru. Speaking of which, the drive thru is narrow, and I can't help but wonder how many geniuses have driven back through there and either committed a curb shot or side swiped that rickety old fence. I know I have! Or am I kidding?? The only Milio's mystery bigger than this is their amazing employee turnover. Though, keep in mind I'm not really complaining, cuz most everyone that works there is cute and worthy of my cheek pinchin' antics. I've never been inside this location, but that's because they lock the doors when they see me 4-wheelin' through the parking lot and bouncing teenagers off my hood.
2	This place seems to have a split personality. When I have ordered through the drive-through (which I don't recommend if you have a large SUV or aren't so good with the steering) the sandwiches came exactly as ordered and the window person was very friendly (there was one guy who was *really* friendly, which was amusing and flattering to a middle-aged mom in a minivan). But the last two or three times I have gotten delivery the order was wrong. The last time I got delivery two of the three sandwiches were COMPLETELY wrong. (Once time I used the website and ordered my sandwich without avocado because my GI tract just can't tolerate the stuff and it came with all kinds of avocado. Grrrr.) I called back as soon as I discovered it and was told that the driver had packed the bag wrong. Honestly, I didn't care who screwed up - I just wanted my #13 on french! The person on the phone didn't seem too bothered by it, either. Once I got the correct sandwiches they were very good, but the experience left a bitter taste.
4	Quick, easy and fresh - a perfect lunch for my family and I. We had a turkey and a veggie and both tasted very fresh. The bread is definitely the best part - so so good and just enough bread without it being bready...a good find!
