4	When I first moved here, I received a coupon in the mail for a free oil change (that turned out to cost $6, whatever.). I love free things, so I headed straight for NAPA to cash in on that bad boy. Service was fairly quick and I was pleased with their service. The showroom smelled terrible though, that awful brand new tire smell that was overwhelming. So there's my only criticism. Well last weekend, my car got angry when it heard I planned on taking it to Flagstaff in the snow and started flashing a 'Maintenance Required' light at me. Brat. I hightailed it back to Heck/NAPA because I felt good about their pricing, and I had a good vibe about them. It was close to close (4PM) but the customer service rep was able to take my Honda in immediately for a check up. While we waited, he entertained my 16 year old companion with his iTunes selections and heckled me about being old. He was amusing. The smell I'd experienced the first time was no where to be found, for which I was profoundly grateful. The mechanics went through every bit of my car and it turned out I just needed another oil change and a new air filter. Thankfully I got out of there under $40 and was able to take my 16 year old and my car into a snowy nightmare that was Flagstaff. But that's another story. I'm glad to have found a place I trust to work on my car and I will undoubtedly be back.
2	I used the $9 oil change Groupon here. They came out and told me that "whoever changed my oil last ruined my oil drain plug"....How convenient that I haven't had any problems with it at all. No leaking oil..nothing. turns out - after looking at the bolt, it is obvious that they used one of those air powered drills to try and take the bolt off....therefore the bolt was totally stripped and unusable. It was 6pm and I needed a new oil bolt before I could drive my car. The owner called every parts place in town, they found one at a nearby Napa store. The owner himself went to pick it up and didn't charge extra (but DID charge me for the part!). He still insisted that the "other guy" ruined the oil drain plug. Hmm....not believable. But, atleast he didn't try to charge me labor or anything.... This place is OK.
4	I also used the $9 Oil Change Livingsocial coupon and had no problems.  I took my car in early Saturday morning when they weren't as busy (I also made an appointment).  They told me they would be done in about 45 minutes and they were right on the mark.  They also did a general check on all my fluids, etc. which I don't usually like because they tend to try to sell you more services afterwards.  This place did not try to push me into buying more services, which I appreciated.  I did end up paying $6.18 more in taxes, etc. which brought the total oil change to about $15 ... not the greatest deal in the world but overall I was satisfied that they did the job and didn't cause any additional problems with my car.
1	I would like to state that this review was written in March of 2011, before the new ownership. Unfortunately for the new owner, it was not posted until May of 2011.Can I do a half star ?I was told when I dropped of my vehicle for a leak diagnosis, that I would receive a call within 10 minutes. Nearly an hour passed before they called. Ok, no biggie. I was told that my power steering pump had been leaking, And that it would take 1.8 hours to replace. I told the man that I did not have that much time today and that I would return to pick up my vehicle. He then insisted that they could replace it within an hour if they started now. So I chose to believe him and authorized the repair. I returned 45 minutes later and sat in the waiting area. Patiently waiting an additional 25 in the lobby, I then asked if it was ready. His reply was that the mechanic was having trouble with a bracket and it shouldn't be much longer. Ok... This I can do. Things happen, right ?Long story short, over 4 hours total wait :(Didn't even offer a discount...When I visit the auto shop, I usually leave the vehicle all day. I plan for things like this. But when a guy tells me lies and leads me on and helps to waste my Saturday... I won't give them repeat business. Period.
1	Me, my fiance and our new puppy decided to drive her camry down to Tuscon for the day to see some family.  About half way through she notices a grinding sound under the hood, and we pull into a gas station.  I notice that she did not have her oil cap on, at all, and oil went all over the hood and other parts of the car and had burned certain parts.  She had her oil changed two months prior at Napa on 16th street, and no one had looked under the hood until we were stranded in the middle of the desert.  We hope they will help pay for a new motor, but will not give them any more business as something so simple as remembering to screw on the oil cap could have been a much more serious situation.  Save your money and go somewhere, anywhere else.
5	I feel sorry for the new owners of this place that all the reviews are so old. I never went in before this ownership, but I was in there today and I was thoroughly impressed.I'm no fool when it comes to cars; I've been doing all my own service on my Jetta for the past 100k miles and even put in a few thousand dollars worth of performance parts myself. Needless to say, I'm a bit nervous about having somebody else under the hood of my car. Here though, they didn't try to BS me at all. They got right to the point of what was wrong (an A/C hose was busted) and even took me back in the shop to show me. Quick and easy. They also mentioned that two of my tires were low on tread (they really are -- I mean, real low) but they didn't push hard to sell me on new ones.Overall a very pleasant experience. Plus as an added bonus, Richard, the guy running the shop, has got a fantastic mustache and great attitude to go with it. That alone deserves a star, I'd say!
5	This is the best auto care in Phoenix. This is the only garage in Phoenix I don't feel the need to get a second opinion or additional quotes. They have honest mechanics that explain in detail the work done. There is also a wonderful new manager that takes a personal interest in making sure that every customer leaves happy. They have good prices and great coupons out too! There is even usually a driver on site that can get you home or back to work while they fix your car. Good people all around.
5	Friendly, generous service.
5	This place is awesome!! The new management is great and very friendly. I'll be coming here for all my oil changes from now on!
5	My experience here, and their sister shop in Tempe (Southwest Collision), was nothing short of amazing. I've brought my old beater here a few times in the last year, most recently two weeks ago. The new manager Brent provides great customer service, and I trust that he isn't out to rip customers off; he didn't push me to sell me on any additional work, but was honest about all that was wrong. The mechanics are all nice guys. The old manager, Richard, was pretty friendly too. I'd recommend this shop to anyone, especially folks who know nothing about cars like me.
