3	Pros:  Only salon around (and I called everywhere) that could accommodate a last-minute, evening request (For this they get 5 stars) Hair came out fine, but highlights on one side of my head were way too pronounced and streaky.Cons: hairstylist wasn't too talkative, would rather talk smack about coworkers or other customers who had come in earlier that day (For this they get 2 stars). Didn't try to get me to buy any product (although there was a shampoo they used which I really liked the smell of. The stylist said she found the smell disgusting....okay.)
5	I get my normally unmanageable hair cut and styled by Jason. He makes it so I can manage my curls. He helps me to work with what I have. With my hair, most stylists want to "fix" it by straightening it.  He says my hair "isn't broken" and helps me work with it.  I appreciate his approach and kindness.
5	I get my keratin treatments done here.  I love the unpretentious atmosphere that you find in some of the other salons in the area.  I always get great blowouts here too.  Can't be beat.
4	My former hair wizard (Christie at Salon on 5th) packed up and moved, so I had to find a new person to hide the grey.  Salon 42 is about 4 minutes from my house and had some good reviews and a professionally done website that gave me a good vibe about the effort that is put into making their salons successful. 6:00 pm on a Tuesday, there was a fairly steady flow of folks.  My appointment was with Erica, who is adorable!  Our sense of style (since I am probably 10+ years older than her) is different, but she took my questions and comments and did a fantastic job with my hair color and cut.  She also gave me some ideas of a future plan to make my hair easier to style (straight or or let my natural curls bounce) and a way to prolong the space between visits - being a girl is not an inexpensive adventure.The salon itself was quite nice.  The waiting area furniture is sooooo comfy.  I could have kicked my feet up and snoozed (I got there pretty early, but was taken right on time).  Everyone at the salon was very friendly.  I was offered a drink as soon as I checked in, and Erica asked twice if I needed anything.  Parking at this shopping center, which also has a small footprint Harris Teeter, a CVS, Starbucks, Hawthorne's Pizza, Lotus II, and a few other random places, was pretty good at 5:45.A cut/color (roots only) by Erica was $105 (May 2014), which looks like a lot, but is VERY reasonable from the calls that I made around town trying to get my hair done without necessitating selling a kidney to pay for it.  I really like my hair and will be making future appointments with Erica.
5	Get my color done by Erica, and it looks like my natural red only better.  This is the best color I've ever gotten in a salon.
5	I have been coming here since I moved to Charlotte in 2009. They are professional and very welcoming, but not pretentious or snotty. I see a few different stylists here and I am never disappointed. I know they do a great job with color and cut because I get unsolicited compliments on my hair all the time. They are really good about listening to you and making sure YOU like your hair. I also think their prices are reasonable.
