1	I've been here twice.  Not happy at all.  This most recent time, I had to wait a very long time in drive thu for chips, salsa and side of refried beans.  Only to get a "side of bean with rice".  So disappointed.  The rice really isn't that bad, but the beans were awful.  The first time I ordered chips and salsa (which is too exensive) it came with the salsa on top in a Styofoam container.  WHAT?  I think it might have been to save a container.  Why soggy the chips with the salsa?  This yucky food does not live up to taco shop standards.  Go to Poloberto's on Glendale and 43rd Ave.
3	The customer service here is pretty good for a Berto's.  However, on this day, it took 15 minutes to make two cheese crisps !  They did apologize for the wait but sheesh what happened ? Did they have to run to Food City to buy the tortillas and cheese ?Ghetto dirty location but they have great deals and specials.
2	I don't know what to say.  2 fish burritos and a coke for 13 bucks.  the burritos were big.  if there are two of you just get one and split.  The fish was deep fried which sucked.  I don't know if you can ask for grilled.  They don't ask.  I don't eat beef so that kind of limits me.  the beef could be awesome and chicken great.  Better than taco bell, but i would have to go back and try it again for a solid grade.  but if you are hungry and you will eat anything they seem to have a lot of specials.
1	Pretty awful food here.  Old, tough carne asada with little flavor and beans that don't taste like much.  And my wife, who is an addict and connoisseur of agua de tamarindo, actually poured half of her drink down the drain because it was so bad.  We also waited about 15 minutes in the drive-thru.
4	I came into this particular FiliB's after a night of drinking. The cashier was new I presume as she screwed up my order twice. I didn't care. Mexican delight was about to hit my stomach and make me regret the night or morning...so excited. Another cashier came over and screwed up my order two more times. They both kept trying to persuade me to get five tacos instead of four. Then they fed me some line of bs that they couldn't sell me individual tacos...only the special. I got frustrated enough to just take the damn combo. I also got a carne asada burrito without pico de gallo with guacamole, a bacon burrito for my friend and some pollo asado and carne asada mini tacos(the combo I was pressured into getting). Total: Like $16 and some change.The drunk munchies are the best. The carne asada and pollo asado mini tacos were soooo delicious. They filled me up so much with the free chips and salsa and those spicy carrots and jalapenos that I couldn't start on my burrito. The burrito looked so delicious but I knew if I forced it down...I would further regret coming to FiliB's. One mistake at a time. I would save the burrito for the next day and microwave it. Luckily, my fridge gets cold enough to freeze and my freezer gets cold enough to ruin food in. My friend said his burrito was good too. The sauce though...we came in super late, it was so watery from sitting all day. I bet it would've been way better in the morning or lunch.
3	I recently ventured into Filiberto's for the first time a few months ago. My wife was buying breakfast for her office (going green and car pooling), apparently her office staff loves this stuff. So I said I might as well try a burrito myself. My only problem was that I heard these burritos were only good if you're shitfaced or pretty close to it. I ordered the sausage burrito. I opened it up and saw all the gooey greasiness of it and ate most of the sausage and egg in the burrito, but not the tortilla. It was okay to stem my hunger pangs but definitely not my go to breakfast spot. My only regret was that I wasn't there at two O'Clock in the morning listening to the stumbling drunken orders at the drive up.
1	I went to this Filibertos for lunch today.  I ordered the Arizona burrito with a water. They had chips and salsa in a plastic bin off to the side. I had some of that before my burrito came out.  I asked them to cut it in half cause I usually can't eat it all. I got the burrito at 12:20pm just in time for lunch.  I ate and left fairly quickly cause I had to get back to work. Literally 20 minutes later I was in the bathroom with diarrhea. I  have had diarrhea for the last 12 hours almost. I haven't been able to eat and I have been to bathroom at least 8-10 times since then. Either some of their food was bad or their employees are not wearing gloves. This is the most horrible experience I have had at a Mexican restaurant. I highly do not recommend going to this restaurant to eat unless you want to be completely sick for the next 48 hours and visiting the bathroom every 30 minutes or less.
4	Just came in here for a quick lunh whole my vehecle got worked on across the street at discount tires. Ordered a grilled chicken taco ,  fish taco and a small order of fries.  Everything was delicious. The cashier was very friendly ,  I've never been full off 8 bucks and my stomach feels fine.
