4	This part of the country mandates that a restaurant serving BBQ produce a quality product.  Otherwise, the owner is liable to get shot.  The standard is maintained even in the airport concession shops.  What I like most about this place isn't the BBQ which is good, but its the vegetables that sing out to me every time I pass this spot.  The veggies are fresh and cooked to perfection and oh so yummy.  The service is quick and the food is hot. There are plenty of tables to sit and consume your food before hopping on that interminable flight back west.  Yet again I think I overdosed on the sweet tea.
4	So after watching some basketball we continued our trek to our gate.  We passed through the food court area and something caught my eye .... Carolina BBQ.   So I made an executive decision (ok it was a mutual decision, executive just sounds better) that we would share a sandwich.  It was a great decision.  The sandwich was just as I expected ... lots of pulled pork with sauce - and the taste of vinegar was not covered up.  The mac and cheese was very good, freshly made and very hot.  It was very impressive that it was so good in a airport food court.   They even had fried pickles, still haven't had one -- but isn't the rumor that we fry everything in the South??
1	I just ate it. I ordered the bbq dinner. It was disgusting. The chicken was dry and the sauce was nasty.  I only ate it because I paid freakin 9 bucks for it.. The mashed potatoes weren't very good either..which is weird, because how can you mess up on mashed potatoes? The corn bread was really dry as well. The service...one of the ladies were nice..the other one was rude and insisted that I should get the chopped pork even after I said I wanted the chicken. I guess she knew that the chicken was nasty and wanted to do me a favor..Seriously, I would have been better off going to Burger King..nasty..
3	After complaining about NC BBQ in another review, I feel guilty admitting that the chicken sandwich here was not too bad. The fried pickle was delicious, firm and warm and just the right amount of batter. I'd go back just for the pickle! The price was okay for an airport establishment and afterwards I could enjoy the free wi-fi (and power source) from one of the rocking chairs. Charlotte Airport is not too bad, and this restaurant is worth a stop.
4	Better than most airport chain food! Good ole' NC style BBQ.
2	Pulled pork was tough, dry, and vinegary.  Fries were old and soggy.
4	Grabbing a "to go" meal to eat on a plane is an increasingly smarter tactic than relying on an airline who may/may not be offering something decent on any particular flight.  But airport choices are often limited to pizza/burger chains or fancy sandwiches that really aren't that fancy.  So while changing planes and terminals in Charlotte, I happened to wheel by this place and thought I'd give some Carolina BBQ a try (when in Rome).   They've got a combo meal with choice of meat and 2 sides, so I went with pulled pork, beans and slaw, and they threw in a fried pickle and corn bread as well.  Up in the air, between NC and PHX, I opened the platter and the smell of BBQ'd meat, sides and cornbread almost started a mini-riot among fellow passengers.   The pork was well cooked, with both bark and pinkness, and could be eaten politely with a fork in the confines of an airline seat (ribs would be tricky/messy).  The sauce had the Carolina vinegar zing - with some heat - and the sides were solid.   It was like enjoying a really good backyard BBQ, but in the middle of an Airbus 320 at 35,000 feet.  Debating great BBQ is like debating Pizza... everyone has their favorite styles and many will never be happy outside of their faves.  All I can say is this particular meal tasted great to me, and what's even better is that it's found in an airport terminal food court.Which brings up an interesting caveat to this Yelp review...  I'm not even sure one can eat here unless inside the secured area of the airport.  That is, if you happen to be walking around the streets of Charlotte looking for chow, you can't (or can't easily) pop into this location without a boarding pass.  Likewise, if you happen to be flying through Charlotte (a major connector hub), you likely wouldn't have time to actually roam the streets of Charlotte and have other choices of Carolina BBQ... so reviews of this place should be engaged in this context.           Bottom line from me:  if you happen to be passing through this airport, looking to grab something to eat in the terminal or take on the plane, this is both a good and unique choice.  It got an extra star from me because the home cooked style made me forget - if only for a spell - that I was crammed into a coach seat for the next 4 hours.
2	During a layover in the Charlotte airport I wanted to try something "local" in the brief time I was in NC. I spotted this place and decided to give it a try. I got the Classic Carolina BBQ pork sammy, which was decent but the BBQ sauce was a little too sweet. When I ordered I had to ask if the sammy came with any sides. The girl behind the counter acted like i just kicked her puppy. Whatever happened to good customer service? Charlotte is supposed to be the Queen City, not the Queen B---- City.
3	Living in San Diego, and then moving to New York, I've literally drooled at every opportunity to have "authentic" bbq.  Sure in San Diego, you have Phil's, but that's not really bbq.  In New York, there's Dinosaur BBQ and Blue Smoke, but they are way too overpriced for such standard fare.Enter this place in the food court.  I knew I wanted to visit this place because of a long layover and my thirst for real bbq.  I took a quick glance at their menu, very standard fare, brisket, ribs, pulled pork, et cetera.  I decided on a plate of brisket and pulled pork, as well as mac and cheese.  When I saw the lady behind the counter slicing the brisket with a smoke ring, I was as giddy as any five year old walking into a candy store.  Everything now on the plate, I squirted some vinegar sauce on it, and proceeded on with my meal.  The brisket was dry, but it had the peatiness that I so enjoy in real smoked bbq.  The pulled pork was much better, but was chopped too fine for my liking.  Finally, the mac and cheese was way overcooked, but still complemented my meats well.  The sauce was also pretty good.  I'm more of a vinegar bbq sauce guy, so this sauce easily won me over.  One unique thing that they did give me was a fried pickle.  I've only recently started liking pickles, and this thing brought my pickle love to an entire new level.Overall, it was a decent meal.  I've been so bbq deprived all my life that anything will a smoke ring will at least warrant a 3-star rating.  If I ever pass through Charlotte again, I will definitely eat here again.***
2	Got the pulled pork. It was dry. Mac and Cheese was average. Mashed potatoes were below average. Not anything that I expexted. Should of went to a chain place at the airport. Would of known what I was getting. Very disappointed for trying the local fare even if it is airport food.
4	Rib platter anyone?  These fried pickles are so so good!!!  If I fly through this airport there is a 90% chance that I hit this joint!
4	As far as airport meals go, this is one of the best places to eat.  Especially if you like barbecue.  On a recent trip to and from Texas, my flights happened to stop in Charlotte, and me having a love for barbecue I decided to try this place.  I liked it so much that as soon as I got off my plane on the return trip, I headed straight for this place in the food court.  I had the beef brisket sandwich, and it was really good with the sauce smothered on top.  I also tried the fried okra and baked beans both of which were good.  The only thing I think that I didn't really like about the place was some of the staff.  When I went there, the staff mainly comprised of workers that didn't speak english very well and were very soft spoken.  Just a small road block though en route to some good food.
3	Missed my connecting flight at Charlotte to Alabama for work which meant that I was stranded in the airport for 4 extra hours. Irritated, I patrolled up and down the food court area looking for something to calme me down. As I walk on out, the smell of bbq wafts over. Ordered the chicken and ribs combo with mashed potatoes and cornbread..though i'm still curious about the brisket....In any case, the ribs were a bit dry but they fell off the bone and the bbq sauce helped. the flavor-- I couldn't tell for sure, but It seemed like a liquid smoke flavor rather than genuine wood coal, bbq. The chicken was tender and moist which disappeared to mear bones in no time.All in all, not the best bbq I've had, but it is definitely worth hitting up when you're stranded in layover hell.
4	I'd fly via Charlotte again just to get eating at the Brookwood Farms BBQ. The smoked turkey, greens and sides were delish!
1	All I had was Greens, Green Beans, and baked beans, which came with a fried pickle spear.  I wanted to try out the barbecue, but just wasn't feeling it at 11:00 AM.The greens were marginal.  They were cooked right, but there was just no flavor in the greens themselves.  Even with pepper vinegar, they were sort of bland.  The green beans were terrible.  Way overcooked for french style green beans yet way undercooked for southern style green beans. The beans themselves weren't the best either.  To top it off, there was no seasoning whatsoever in the beans.  No salt, no pepper, no pork, nothing.  I get keeping pork products out, and even animal products altogether, but you have to give some sort of flavor to green beans, or cook them lightly.  You can't half-assedly boil them and plop them on a plate.The baked beans were good, but not really anything special.  The cornbread and pickle were very good.  Their cornbread is the sort of cake-style fluffy cornbread and was the best thing I had while there.   The fried pickle had a pretty perfect batter on it and would have been great with some sort of sauce.
3	Not bad for airport food.  I had the chopped pork sandwich.  Nice smoky flavor and moist.  The sauce was a sweet sauce with a bit of a bite.  They did have the NC vinegar sauce available for purists. The bun actually looked like a homemade bun.  Side of baked beans were nothing to write home about.  Fried Pickle was OK but it had been out of the fryer for quite a while.   I didn't try the brisket but I saw it.  It had a nice smoke ring but looked more like pot roast than brisket.  On the other hand, how are you going to serve good, fresh BBQ at an airport?  The sliced turkey breast looked good.  All in all, above average for airport food.
3	On a mission to try something "local" at the airport, we stopped at Brookwood Farms BBQ. It LOOKED great... Fried okra, fried pickle, pork BBQ sandwich, Mac & cheese, sweet tea, cole slaw. Alas, the meat was dry, and it didn't help that they were stingy on the sauce.The mac & cheese was good, though, and I really liked the greens. (Though they were bland... I think that's why I liked them. Wuss.)
4	Had a quick little stop over in Charlotte and was looking for food. This was a great pic. The turkey was the most tender and moist I have ever had. They have a 3 meat plate that was awesome. I have to say the pulled pork wasn't the best but the brisket and turkey made up for it. Lots of side options. And a fried pickle? never had one and it was tasty. Top it off with a sweet tea. I was nice and full with left overs too on my flight home.  Service was fast and staff was nice.
4	As a frequent traveler of US Airways, my visits to CLT are numerous.  Yet, every time I'm there, I find myself pulled to get some of this Carolina Pit BBQ.  The Pounder Platter was my go-to guy, which affords you a choice of 3 meats, leaving the carbs to a minimum.  Brisket, chicken, pulled pork, it's allllllll good.Nowadays, I'm more drawn to the ribs n chicken platter.  You're getting a half rack of baby backs, plus a leg quarter, choice of side, cornbread, and fried pickle (blech).  Add a gargantuan bottle of Fiji to the order and you're close to $20, for airport food, it's tops.  I do wish they were more generous with their BBQ sauce, but that's really the only blemish on an otherwise delicious record.50 reviews!  Hi-ho, silver!
3	For airport food court food, this was pretty good.  Fast service and the meat, brisket for us, was very good.  Ordered the "plate", which came with two sides, bread and...a fried pickle.  Not quite a dinner-sized portion, but OK for airport.Service was prompt and they actually sliced the brisket to order.  Impressive, compared with a pile of it on the steam table.If you want to avoid fast food and eat something more substantial and healthy, go BBQ.
3	This place exceeded my expectations of airport food and was a nice deviation from your typical fast food fare.  Brisket was a little on the dry side, however the sausage was excellent.  Cornbread was moist and the baked beans had a good spice.  I was glad to see they had some local brew for me to sample as well!
4	I had the brisket meal. The bbq was good, not great just good.  I got the mac n cheese and collard greens. Sadly those both fell flat on flavor. The hush puppies like tiny rocks, ok in flavor... dry. probably left out all day.  The fried pickle-- amazing!  This was a good choice compared to wendys or burger king, though no 5 star steakhouse.This place was busy the entire time at the airport when other kiosks in this area were light or empty.  I'd go back and tried the pulled pork sandwich next time. I saw a long line of pilots ordering that.
5	Not sure if I was just hungry, but I ordered some baby back ribs (and asked to add extra sauce).  Just that was to die for!  The ribs were crispy at one end, and juicy & tender at the other. The meat was almost fall-off-the-bones. Added some beans and green beans and it was a great meal for $12. They ran out of corn bread, so they offered some fried sweet dough, called critters? Not sure. Anyhow, a good place to stop-by when transferring flights through Charlotte Airport.Edit: I want to add that they have Southern "sweet tea," but I didn't order it at the time.
1	I do not recommend going here if you're looking for good BBQ. I'm from the south and this is not the best the south has to offer. Bad and overpriced BBQ. I ordered the chicken and ribs platter with green beans and cornbread. The ribs were babybacks and were over done, dry and bland. The same goes for the chicken, dark meat, a thigh and leg. There was no smoke to the meats and the rub was very sweet and lacked spices. The sauce that everyone complains about not getting enough is awful. Very sweet and very sour, it's like eating a sour patch. The green beans were overcooked and very soggy. The one thing I was looking forward to was the cornbread which disappointed me. The cornbread was cake-like but lacked sugar. In the end, I wasted $20 on cold, dry, tasteless, under seasoned food.
3	I was pretty hungry on my way back to L.A. from Canada. I looked all over this airport and I found a food court! It took me awhile because I kept doing a few laps on the moving sidewalk. My first taste of Carolina barbecue was what I stumbled upon. Too bad it was located within the airport. This spot reminded me of a boston market or something. If you haven't noticed by now, I always show big love to the smaller chains or mom and pop shops and stops. Then small love for the big chains. It's all about quality, not quantity.  I ordered the Junior plate I think it's called. My meat of choice was the brisket. I'm all about the brisket. My sides were macaroni and cheese and hush puppies. I have to admit, I really didn't like the macaroni and cheese. I liked the hushpuppies but I don't  think either of them were made from scratch. None of the sides they offered looked homemade. The brisket was the only thing I enjoyed. It was tender and that's about it.
3	Good quick meal in the Airport. The pulled pork is by far their best meat product and the hush puppies are good
3	Yeah I know I'm in North Carolina but the beef was getting cut right off the brisket so I had to go for it.  I wish I would've had the pulled pork instead.  While the flavor was nice, it was a little too dry.  The coleslaw was ok but the fried pickle was excellent.  Definitely worth stopping for a beer and the fried pickles.  Plus, where you gonna get a $4 beer in an airport?
3	If work is paying again, I definitely would come back to this place. For $12, I had a bottled water and the chicken dinner with mashed potatoes (they use red potatoes), collard greens, and hush puppies. Interestingly, there were a couple of fried pickles with the hush puppies.The chicken was surprisingly good, but the mashed potatoes could have used more butter so they weren't so gloopy. The collard greens were okay, but they could have used more of the meat broth to add flavor. The hush puppies were below average, but what else can you expect in an airport?
4	Great ribs!!!!!!
4	It's fast food, but it's pretty good fast food when US Airways (who is about to get a not-so-good review) delays your flight.  Would have been nice if the server didn't scoop a fair amount of water from the pork onto my sandwich, but 3 stars didn't seem like enough.
2	After hearing a lot of positive things about this place, I figured I'd give it a shot this week. I got the beef sandwich with mashed potatoes and a small Fiji water. It ran me about $12. Eek, that's pretty expensive. The mashed potatoes, which I tried first, were quite good. Soft and creamy with some skin in them, just how I like them. Then I moved on to the sandwich. Can I say purple meat? Purple. Not red, just purple, Disgusting! I picked out the pieces that looked decent, and they were okay, not great. The bun was allright. The fried pickle that came with each meal was okay, I only had one bite. Service was fine, really not bad or good. Overall, I'd skip Brookwood and head to Bad Daddy's in C or even Quizno's next door.
4	Better than what I can easily get in LA, that's for sure. Still, my ribs were a bit tough, though the brisket more than made up for this. Their cornbread was just kinda meh...nothing special. Tasty bbq sauce though I had to dash some Tabasco on it to give it some heat.
2	Macaroni needed salt and was slightly overlooked, and the actual BBQ sauce on the pulled pork wasn't all that good.
4	Not bad for an airport and a good choice if you're passing through and want a solid meal and a true taste of the Carolinas. I opted for the turkey on this day so I can't speak for the pork or brisket, but they looked good. The collard greens were fine and the Mac 'n Cheese was fantastic. The hush puppies weren't great, but the fried pickle was a nice surprise. The ladies behind the counter keep the line moving. Tip: Pass on the BBQ sauce that the ladies offer behind the counter and use the vinegar-based sauce down by the cash register. Drench your meat and collards in it!
4	Hey folks,Keep in mind that you're grabbing a meal in an airport! How many other airport food court stalls do you think get rated on Yelp?? There's a reason there are a good number of comments about this place - if you have to travel and get hungry between flights I can't think of any other place I'd rather grab a quick meal! My annual pilgrimage to Alabama from MD takes me through CLT. As soon as I get off the plane I head straight for Brookwood Farms. There's NO good BBQ in Baltimore, so this is my first chance to get a taste before I get to Montgomery (and have more). For airport food it's pretty good. It's definitely better than any restaurant BBQ in Baltimore. But, it's not fine dining - it's airport fare. To be honest, I always get the same thing, so can only comment on the pulled pork. I get it 'Bama style, so have them add cole slaw to the sandwich. A side of fried pickle and I'm good for the next leg of my trip. I know I'm heading home once I've had one of their sandwiches. On my return trip I stop again since it's my last decent 'Q for awhile... Enjoy.
3	Back again for more airport bbq.  At least it's in NC.
4	Our morning layover in The Queen City led us straight to Brookwood Farms BBQ, which was serving up breakfast at the time of our visit. Two breakfast sammies and a couple OJs came to around ten bucks, which was pretty reasonable for the airport. The food court-style seating area nearby was clean, the sandwiches were tasty (bacon, egg, cheese and a hashbrown on a biscuit), and with that we were on our way.
5	I hvnt eaten at lots of airport places because I think they all suck however this BBQ place changed my mind. Its great food with reasonable airport food pricing.The BBQ ribs are great, juicy and savory sweet.  The platter was great too, you get a choice of three out of four meats : turkey (very juicy), pulled pork(a little dry and not enough sauce), beef briskest (juicy n tender and ALL That!!) or BBQ ribs (the BEST of all!!!) plus you get to choose a side, anything but the corn bread, its dry and tasteless. For $11.99 for the platter, its really filling and reasonable pricing.
3	Gets the job done for folks in need of a barbecue "hit" in an airport that otherwise does not have adequate dining facilities for the amount of passengers. Aircrew eat here in significant numbers -- that should be recommendation unto itself.THe ribs look exceptional. But this time (2nd visit) I could nto make up my mind. I wanted brisket and pulled pork so I opted for the Patty's Pounder.The brisket was soft, and tender and delivered the full-on BBQ experience. Sure, a wee bit fatty -- but that's why it's so tender. The pulled pork was tasty enough, if not a hint on the dry-looking and slightly underwhelming side, but eminently good enough to finish the whole portion. The smoked turkey -- the enormous surprise of the bunch -- was spectacularly tender and juicy--hard to believe it was turkey.Collard greens were a "must have" This was my second stop at Brookwood Farms Carolina Pit BBQ, and I'm glad I took the time to walk from a distant gate, [passed by regular gate C12 quick layover spot Phillips Seafood, and didn't bother with Chili's Too. Wasn't in the mood for the Tequileria etc.] (I prefer Dickey's BBQ Pit in DFW but it's not always an option depending on terminal and time).
4	This is probably my favorite airport food in the U.S. I have sampled several BBQ items over the years (most recently the brisket) and have never been disappointed. It is worth a layover in CLT to be able to visit this place. Prices are a bit high, but not so crazy for an airport. Bless these folks. You're doing yourself a favor if you eat here before boarding.
5	OH my LORD... Have merci on my soul. The veggie place is to DIE for! The black eye peas are,cooked perfectly with the rut amount of sweetness. The mac & cheese is just mouth-watering delicious, perfect amount of salt and softness. The hush puppies? Don't even get me started on the hush puppies! Everything here at the Brookwood Farms BBQ is made with a precise balance, EVERYTHING. I even ate a fried pickle for the first time in my life and maaan I'm LOVIN' it.  Seriously our next trip is out to the south were the food is good and the music is loud! ;) I highly doubt ill be able to eat Southern/Soul food in Cali now... I've been marked by the natives! ;)
4	Great airport food!  I'm a big BBQ enthusiast, raised in Kansas City, living in Los Angeles.  I don't get much good barbecue anymore.  If I'm headed to the east coast, and I have to stop somewhere, I like Charlotte for the quick-and-easy, airport-food-court version of delicious barbecue.  Solid choice.
4	This is the best aiport BBQ I ever had!  Got ribs and chicken that was really flavorful and tender!  Definitely would come here again!  I was disappointed that the corn bread was dry but the fries were good!
5	If are on a quest for the best BBQ on the planet and have come to North Carolina, good move. (Texas can bite me.)If you decided to head to an airport on your quest, not so good move.If, on the other hand, you find yourself in the CLT food court for some other reason -- like, say, you are waiting for a flight and got hungry -- then congratulations, you have discovered the promised land.I have had a lot of food at a lot of airports, and this is hands down the best anywhere. Except maybe that wine bar at MSP.Order the pulled pork; do not bother with anything else. They will ask if you want sauce. Even though you are in North Carolina, they actually mean some sickly sweet sticky slime because most of America has had its mind corrupted. (Did I mention Texas can bite me?) The correct answer to their question is: "No, thank you; where is the vinegar based sauce?" The answer to that is usually "next to the cash register" but sometimes it wanders off.Sides? Baked beans and collard greens, of course.You're welcome.
3	I don't claim to be a BBQ connoisseur, but I do travel a fair amount and eat my fair share of airport food, so I do know to have lowered expectations. I wasn't expecting to be blown away, but was swayed by all these other reviews. I'd say it was mediocre, slightly overpriced, but edible. I ate here once, and it was the first (and probably the last) time I will eat here. Next time I will go to Papa John's or grab a burrito.The chicken was burnt see my picture of the chicken camouflaged against the black plate) It was more or less edible though, it wasn't much tastier than getting rotisserie chicken from Costco and throwing BBQ sauce on it.The mashed potatoes and mac & cheese were okay - edible, but didn't leave me craving more.Just okay, wouldn't come back here again. I think Salt Lick in the Austin airport has better BBQ food. Maybe I came on an off-night but I think I'll stick to other choices next time.
3	Solid BBQ. The brisket was moist but drenched in a lot of BBQ sauce. The mac and cheese was decent. Fried pickle they give you was surprisingly spicy- fantastic. Not a bad place to grab some quick eats if you're waiting for a plane.
4	Pretty good all tasty and nothing dry, The biscuit was moist, really impressed with "airport" food :)
2	You all let me down. I do not have high BBQ standards, but there was nothing special at all about this place. I had the pulled pork sandwich. It was fine. I had the mac and cheese. It was above average as a fast food side dish. They gave me a fried pickle. That was fun.This is a place in the airport where you can eat food. The people were very friendly, which I appreciate - but I'm not sure if Brookwood deserves special recognition for that or it just so happens that everyone in Charlotte is pretty darn nice.
4	Decent BBQ in an airport? Are you kidding me? Yet that's just what you get with this spot in the event you have a bit of a layover in Charlotte. Nice selection of traditional BBQ meats with a good number of very good sides, all of surprising quality given the fast food mentality necessitated by the location. I had some of the best brisket I've had in a long time, easy to separate with nothing but the cheap plastic fork you get in an airport. A surprising and welcome alternative to the usual airport fare.
4	Carolina pit BBQ.   Satisfied my craving for soul food. Pulled pork, deep fried pickle ,  greens and baked beens.  Yummy!
3	Had the 1/2 chicken & 1/2 rib rack platter with a choice of 1 side (mine: hush puppies), but also included 1 fried pickle spear & corn bread. Food rating: Average. Service rating: Average.
3	A little pricey, but good food. It has a nice spread of tables in front so one can enjoy the meal while waiting for a connection. Had the brisket sand & mashed potatos
4	Wellllll now... I say, I say Brookwood has some damn fine pit BBQ, with all the fixin's.  Y'all behind the counter sure do know southern hospitality.  I was holed-up at my gate for some time and got a reeeal hankerin' for what y'all do best... BBQ.  Don't get me wrong, now... all those fast food "BBQ" chains are good.  But during my recent trip, I didn't take kindly to imitation BBQ and needed the real thing. For all other weary-eyed travelers out there.  Make a stop at Brookwood.  You certainly won't regret it, you hear..??
2	There does not appear to be a moist piece of meat in the house. My baby back ribs were too tough and dry for a place that claims to specialize in barbeque.Sides are almost the only redeeming quality if this place. Mashed potatoes with turkey cream gravy and turnip greens were just what I expected.  If I am in the Charlotte airport again, I would stop by for a vegetable plate.  (Vegetarians beware-- most of their veggies seem to have meat products).The deserts were solid-- get the pecan pie. You will close your eyes and swear that you stopped at Grandma's house on Thanksgiving.Service was about what I'd expect at an airport-- prompt but not spectacular.In all, worth the stop-- if you skip their barbeque.
4	I used to fly through CLT all the time and was pleasantly reminded why I didn't mind spending a couple hours here on my travel days. The reason is this BBQ spot. Its quick because its done fast food style in the food court but the food is delicious. Probably the only place in here with a line because people literally search it out.I get the same thing every time - pulled pork sandwich with mac n cheese and a fried pickle on the side (comes with it). The pork has tons of flavor before you even put sauce on it and their sauce adds that much more. It's not my favorite style of BBQ sauce but no complaints by any means.I think the fried pickle is my favorite part. Every time I get fried pickles they are done as chips but this place throws in a battered pickle spear with your meal. I need to look for more places that do them like this.If you're in an airport with terrible options this place is a savior.
4	You know the food here is good when I was not even upset about having an indirect flight because it gives us an hour layover over dinner time in the Charlotte airport. The food was that good when we were here last. This was some of the best BBQ we've had. The brisket was just awesome. Mac n cheese leaves something to be desired, but the meat was just fantastic. Believe it or not..can't wait for our next layover in Charlotte!!!
2	Love the fact i could get some decent BBQ at the airport on a 3 hours layover.   Just OK.  We got the ribs and pulled pork.  Still like Memphis Minnie's in San Francisco much better.  At Memphis Minnie's you don't need any sauce since the smoked meat is to die for.
3	Not too bad for airport food.  The ribs were tasty and moist, and the collared greens were good, too.  Wasn't big on the mac and cheese.Next time I'm in the Charlotte airport, I'll likely come back here.
4	Awesome bbq! Who would suspect something this good in an airport? Had my first ever deep fried pickle, loved it. finger licking food for sure!
4	I just ate their BBQ chicken with greens, corn bread, fried pickle and rice. The BBQ chicken and BBQ sauce were delicious. The greens were perfect. The rice and corn bread were just OK. My boyfriend's briscuit was tender and also very good. Prices were decent at about $9 to $11 for a full meal that left us both full. This is a good place to stop on a layover. It is quick and the food court like set up is clean.
4	I like both the meat plate and BBQ pork sandwich.  It's my favorite place in CLT to grab a bite.  The collar greens and Mac & cheese make great sides.  All the plates come with a fried pickle.  The service and food quality are consistent.  It's also quick if you have a close connecting flight.
3	5:40am says my receipt, indicating that I was and still am one of those souls who travel out and in of airports at awful times, all over.  Charlotte has a nice, open, impressive food court which included this BBQ/Southern eatery.Not every food outlet is open at 5am, but Brookwood is at 5:30 or earlier, depending on the attitude of the crew.  A life-saver for the hungry as once  you get into the A Concourse there are only bad, stale, greasy, cheesy English muffins and cold, too much bread, dry sandwiches at a small nook food outlet.Brookwood serves hot, flavorful food.  Breakfast is eggs and meats, they even have some BBQ available, again depending on the operating crew's mood.  The other food outlets don't get going until after 6am, so we are thankful for Brookwood.The A Concourse, the one I frequent as a Delta flyer does have a Wendy's and a hot bun place, but those open later and their offerings are not too great for a traveler.Give these guys your business as a way of saying thank-you for being convenient to early morning travelers.
3	I give this place 3 stars because it is in an airport.  Feeling hungry and craving ribs during a layover in the Charlotte airport, I saw this place and knew exactly what I wanted.I paid $13.00 for a half rack of baby back ribs with sauce, cornbread, and two sides.  This is a reasonable price for baby back ribs.  Mixed review on the ribs.  The sauce wasn't bad - it was sweet and added nice flavor to the ribs.  The ribs, on the other hand were tough.  Out of the five ribs I ate, only two were moist.  The ribs on the end were dried out, and most of the meat on all of the ribs was difficult to get off the bone.The sides were the best part of the meal - not outstanding, but what I would expect for macaroni and cheese and broccoli salad from a takeout restaurant.  The cornbread was also dry.  My advice - enjoy the sauce on one of the other meats (pulled pork, brisket) that is available.
4	Surprisingly better than I expected! The brisket was very flavorful and moist. The ribs were ok. I wouldn't recommend it. It's a bit tougher so you must must use your hands and get dirty eating it. The Mac and cheese was creamy. The food were not hot but didn't expect it to. It's quite expensive but very filling!
3	Decent option of the airport, I guess.They have all kinds of bbq and sides here, so the selection is not a problem. I just though there was too much vinegar in the bbq. I know that this style of bbq is vinegar based, but I think my serving or the bbq from that day was "over vinegard". I know that is not a word. This is Yelp, not a vocabulary test.  The meat I got was pulled pork and brisket. The mac and cheese side was decent and the fried pickle was my favorite.
4	I would not expect a Carolina BBQ place to have such a good brisket. Worth a stop every time I'm in CLT.  Sauce is good but the brisket doesn't need it and the fried okra really hits the spot.
2	When you're hungry, in an airport, and craving BBQ - Brookwood is not a bad option. It's definitely not the best BBQ I've ever had, but I can say that it's not the worst. Had the brisket sandwich, coleslaw, jalapeno poppers, and a slice of pecan pie. The brisket sandwich had a healthy portion of meat and was tender. The bun left much to be desired. The coleslaw had a good flavor and the cabbage was still crunchy. Stay away from the poppers and pecan pie. Poppers were gross and the pie tasted stale and store bought.
3	If you are in the Charlotte airport and looking for Barbecue, this isn't a bad option for you. It is not the best BBQ you'll find in NC, but it is pretty good. I've only eaten their BBQ in the Charlotte Airport and I always get their pork and use the Vinegar sauce! Sides are pretty good, just choose what you like. And be sure to get yourself a fried pickle!
3	This was actually decent BBQ for an airport. Pulled pork wasn't the best but it was decent. Corn bread was good. The brisket looked really good.
3	Landed here this afternoon and not renting a car. Hotel I am at has nothing within walk so had to eat at the airport before I grab the shuttle. Not a bad place, brisket was on the tough side but good flavor and nice portion at fair price. It is the airport! mac n cheese pretty good, beans were good as was the cornbread. Fried pickle good too. Pork sandwich the guy in front of me got was huge. The staff here is VERY pleasant, as are 99% of workers down here. Wish that could be transplanted up north NJ where I am.
5	Brisket and okra are great. Normally a 4, but while stuck in an airport you can't do much better!
3	It's a good option when you're not in the mood to eat at one of the national fast food chains offered at the airport. The bbq won't blow your mind away but it will do its job decently. The employees seemed irritable and weren't helpful. I recommend getting the junior plate if you have a small appetite. It comes with 1 meat, 1 side, and corn bread. I got the beef brisket, which was thick cut. I got a piece w some fat in it, so I was pretty happy. There are a variety of standard bbq sides to pick from. I chose the collards. They were good.
3	Okay, i know what you're thinking...BBQ...in an airport?  Really?Yes. Really.  Brookwood Farms does a fine job (for what it is) in the CLT airport.  They have a buffet-style serving station set-up and cut all their meats to order, then pile the plate up with the side dishes of your choice including all the "traditional" favorites you' expect.I've eaten here twice this year, and both times I had ribs and sides.  Ribs are tasty and not drowning in sauce. Sides are also good...I've tried the mac-n-cheese, collard greens and fries.  Their cornbread is also tasty, but can be a bit dry.Prices are reasonable (for an airport) and who doesn't like a little 'que when passing through the South?
4	Solid BBQ! I had the brisket with bbg sauce, collard greens and beans. The free fried pickle may have been my favorite thing! Corn bread isn't good, I'd opt for the hush puppies if I make it back here.
4	For some reason I get stuck here between connecting flights, an awful lot.  And when I land here, I've discovered that this BBQ joint (good,but not spectacular) gives me the just needed Carolina BBQ fix. Not being a true meat and potatoes girl, I find that getting a kids' junior meal is just right for me. I guess that works out to a normal NYC plate anyway. A scoop of pulled pork with the requisite extra dash of hot vinegar, smoky collard greens, a cornbread square and fried pickle spear is the perfect layover snack.  Best part of the deal? It is under $5. Probably the best value and cheapest airline meal you will find in the entire country (discounting Mickey d).
3	Not what we expected.  Food looked good behind the glass.  Very deciving.  At first taste seemed like it was goning to be a decent meal but as we continued it became worse. If you just need a BBQ fix then you should be fine here. Or perhaps we are just spoiled from other BBQ places we've been. SORRY Caolina Pit BBQ
1	If you like overpriced BBQ with an extra slathering of salt on everything, this is the place for you! Even the sweet potato fries were bad and I didn't think that was possible :(
3	I wanted to love this place so bad. Everything looked so good and I thought for sure it would've been an instant hit. The vinegar based bbq over powers everything. It's too much. I've had other BBQ pulled porks and beef brisket it wasn't as strong as what I tasted. Server was fast. I didn't like the fact I had to help an older woman because the server didn't understand what she wanted to eat. Once I gave her my advice she then ordered. But, after she walked away the server started to make fun of the older woman. That wasn't very nice. The puppies were spot on along with the beans. Fried pickle was good too. I had to leave 1/4 pound of the 1 pound plate behind because I could not finish. Overall, with service, food prep, and some pretty good side dishes. 3 Stars at best. I did want to do more but I couldn't enjoy the meats.
5	OMG, this restaurant is what BBQ is all about!!!! The chicken is nice and tender, customer service is awesome , the sauce is Whew Jesus good.  Since moving down south this was the top rated BBQ ever. Wish there were more restaurants and especially one in Atlanta. You must eat the fried pickles those just take your BBQ meal to the top.
1	It's a sin to call this BBQ. I've had better food and service from a vending machine.
3	It was ok.  The brisket sandwich was tasty.  The Mac and Cheese left something to be desired- pretty bland.Decent for airport food.
3	Located in the B-terminal.  Probably one of the better choices in the airport.  If you're looking for relatively cheap food that will fill you up while waiting for your plane this is the perfect place.  My Carolina Classic BBQ Pork sandwich, mac n cheese, and fried pickle was less than $10.  Can't beat that in an airport
3	It's BBQ at an airport.  If you're in the mood for BBQ while in the airport, well friend, you have pretty darn limited options.  This place is affordable for an airport, and decent.  Great BBQ it is not, but it's serviceable, and quite a bit better than your options to the left and right.I went with the three meat platter.  The brisket was 1/2 fat; I'm pretty sure I got the end chunk.  The pulled pork was decent, and the turkey had a good smoke but was pretty dry.  They have one sauce option...yes or no.  Definitely not mustard-based, but recommended as it's not overbearing.  For healthy sides...well, you're at a BBQ joint, so good luck with that.
4	Memphis. St. Louis. Kansas City. Barbecue capitals of America. You should include Charlotte, as we know 'cue here in this town and don't y'all forget it. So when you're changing planes here our very fine Queen City airport, stop in the main atrium (between the B and C concourses) and get yourself a plate of barbecue.Yep, there's a line. Yep, it's totally worth it.I got the pulled pork sandwich, which comes with one side. Mac & cheese is it. And of course, a fried pickle spear. You Yankees who ain't never had a fried pickle? Try it, you might like it.They'll offer to put barbecue sauce on the meat. Your answer here is "Yes, please."At the register, grab one of those locally brewed beers that you probably won't find elsewhere. OMB ("Olde Mecklenburg Brewery") or NoDa or a Carolina Blonde from Carolina Brewery up in Mooresville. Maybe a little cup of banana pudding too.And find a place to sit. In this instance, I don't recommend the rocking chairs as it's potentially messy food and you don't want to wear it.Pick up your sandwich and dig in. If it's like mine, it's tender and juicy and tangy and delicious. Mmmmm... that's barbecue. Welcome to Charlotte. Enjoy your stay!
5	If you like barbecue, you'll like this place. In the atrium food court of CLT, but you'll hardly think of it as airport food. As good of barbecue as you'd have anywhere. I had the pork barbecue sandwich. The fried pickle spear on the side had just the right amount of spice.No complaints from me. Normal portions of good food.
3	I always hope the food will be awesome and every time I'm disappointed. But average BBQ is better than most airport food options...
2	Hmm... I read so many positive reviews on this place that I was really excited to try it. I got the pat's pounder platter with pulled pork, beef brisket, added on ribs for 3.99 and collord greens and hush puppies for around $23.00, kinda pricy, but I was hopeful on the quality.  Here is what I thought:Pulled pork - really dry, and almost crunchy at times... definitely pass on this if I had to do it againBrisket  - pretty good actually, salty but good and flavorful RIBS - Never again! They were pretty much all bone, and so dry that I nearly broke a tooth! Given that this was a $4 add on to the plate I feel somewhat angry about itHush puppies - ok, nothing earth shattering Greens - really bland, although it didn't taste salty, kind of a shame, because a pound of salt may have actually improved the taste.
4	Every time I layover in CLT, I always stop in the food court in the main concourse to get me some pulled pork!!  The meat quality isn't top notch, but it still tastes damn good once you add some BBQ and slaw on top!! The slaw is yummy.  So is the corn, baked beans, and Mac n cheese!! I get an extra side for $1.  Kinda pricey here, but it's the airport, and this is the better food option in the food court!  Better tasting, not better for you!!!  Platters are around $12-$15, and pulled pork sammy was $9.  But what's nice is they don't charge extra for the slaw. I love pulled pork BBQ & slaw! Yum.
2	Every time I pass through CLT I see this place. It always looks packed. Definitely smells good. Today was the forest time i tried this place after walking pass this place over 5-6 times within the year. I got something plain and simple, brisket sandwich and one side(mac n cheese) and a fountain drink. 14 bucks. The brisket was good, moist/flavorful. The bun it came on, over toasted/hard/cold=yuck. The mac n cheese was eh. It is what it is, I didn't expect much it is airport food. Next time I'll ask for a new fresh bun when I'm in line.
