4	This is a great place for the whole family!  This location does not very crowded like the other ones.  Plus who can complain about the nutritious and delicious food.  Being a vegetarian I always order accordingly and have never gotten sick.  My father and my step brother usually accompany me and they indulge in the meat options, which they tell me taste delicious and are perfectly cooked every time.  Highly recommended and with affordable prices, I suggest switching out the regular fast food joint for your local Chipotle
5	Chipotle = Woohoo! As good as it gets!Did you know that all of Chipotle's ingredients are local and organic?  I know, I couldn't believe it myself till I checked online to create a meal calorie count.  Which brings me to my next point, you can create a burrito bowl with great protein and good carbohydrates (black beans are better carbs than bread because they burn off slower which makes your body work harder) for about 600 calories just ordering black beans, no rice, meat, salsa, & sour cream.  Enough with the educational session, this location is great because it is never super busy and it is close to my home and the staff is always friendly.  There is also great outdoor seating and the atmosphere and decor is a typical modern looking Chipotle.  What else is there to say beside Chipotle is the most consistent, flavorful, quality, clean, good service, best place ever to eat a quick meal!  I love the concept and wish they sold franchises!
5	This is the best Chipotle I've been to. The employees recognize you by face if you've only been in once before and their food always tastes fresh. Their cilantro-lime rice is something other Chipotles have recently been messing up on, but their rice is always nice and lime-y and the service is great, not to mention the place is always clean.
5	My dad and brother first discovered Chipotle a couple of years ago. They loved it and were always talking about it. I went with them once to see what the big deal was, and not knowing what to get, I ordered what my dad usually gets (barbacoa beef with hot sauce and fresh salsa). I'm kind of a dweeb when it comes to spicy food, and the barbacoa beef and hot sauce at Chipotle are not messing around. I'm sure a hardcore Mexican food fan would smack me on the forehead like those V-8 commercials, but while it was tasty, I'm pretty sure I lost a solid thousand tastebuds that day. That soured my first experience there. But, a few months ago, I returned. I had the steak bowl with pinto beans, rice, fresh salsa, cheese and extra cilantro (you can never have too much cilantro). I swear to god my eyes went black like a shark's when I started to eat. I was sold. I loved Chipotle now and I would sing their praises like a Jehovah's Witness. It's not just the awesome, fresh, relatively low-cal (if you stick to the bowls) food. It's the employees and the restaurant, too. The second time I came in with my dad and brother, a couple of the employees recognized us and remembered what we had gotten. They're always friendly, quick, and organized. And you know what? They genuinely look like they love their jobs. They're always happy, laughing, and smiling every time we're in there. The store is always immaculate and they are hardly ever out of any of the food. Definitely hit up this Chipotle. You won't be sorry!
5	I love Chipotle. Always have, always will.Everything is fresh and made to order. They are fast and polite as you make your way down the line. My usual is a veggie burrito bowl. Chips and guacamole if I'm feeling frisky! All locations are clean and food is consistently fresh and delicious . What more can you ask for? Did you say beer? They have that too. Peace, Love and Chipotle!
3	I went here with an open mind because i've never been a real fan of Chipotle in the past. (especially when McDonalds used to own them) I ordered the burrito bowl with brown rice, black beans, chicken, lettuce and salsa. Im not sure what the big deal is about Chipotle. Everyone I know goes crazy over this place. I pretty much had to douse my burrito bowl in salsa because everything was so bland. Like always the chips are overly salted and seasoned and has a weird aftertaste (not sure what that is, been like that at every location i've been to.)For a quick bite to eat in the area, i'd personally choose Rubios over there. I will say it was very clean, very quick and the employees were all young but did a good job.
5	Love it! They even visited my classroom to teach about health food. Gave away coupons.
5	It's the subway of Mexican food!  Only better!  Can't go wrong with this chain.  Fajita Burritos are massive!  Taste is great, too.  Definitely Americanized Mexican food tho.  If you know that going in... You'll love it.
2	I love Chipotle. However, this particular location is not as good as the others. They gave me a smaller amount of the meat than the others do (really skimpy) and when I asked about it, did nothing to correct it. They treated me like I had the problem. I will go to the location at 67th and Beardsley or 83rd ave and Bell from here on out where they seem to have the same standards on how much of each ingredient to use.
5	No complaints on this place. Always good for a great filling lunch that hits the spot!  Steak fajita burrito is my favorite!
5	This place is an easy 5.  Great food and nothing has disappointed me ever!
4	I go here pretty regularly.  I'm a big fan of the natural ingredients they use in their burritos.  The burritos are massive so make sure you are hungry.
1	Slowest chipotle ever.     It takes forever.  The kids here don't seem to understand fast food.  Line of over 20 and the 4 kids can't even handle that.  These kids need to be retrained or replaced
4	Love the quality if food and the service! Would give 5 stars but I feel the have gotten stingy with meat portions!
3	I eat at chipotle all the time.with that being said, food is standard but this is THE ABSOLUTE SLOWEST SERVICE EVER.
4	It's Chipotle so you pretty much can't go wrong. I'm not sure if my eyes were bigger then my stomach, but the portion size seemed smaller. I remember the day when they could barely get the burrito wrapped. It closed pretty easy today. Hopefully it was just my imagination.
5	Very good food.  Excellent service.  Laryssa Balbaneda was very helpful when our meal was prepared.  I have been to over a dozen different Chipotle's and have found this location to be above the rest.
