2	I've gone to this place a couple of times over the last month or so, and unfortunately it wasn't as good of an experience as it should have been.  I really like the lady with the Italian accent, she's been great to deal with.  However, there's two other employees that weren't too eager to help and didn't seem to be so excited to be there. I don't know anything about tailoring, altering, sewing, needles, etc. so that's why when I go there, I expect to talk to someone that does know, and when they're not very helpful, it makes me scratch my head and not want to come back.
3	I wanted to test this place out so I brought in a simple alteration to start-a dress with no lining that just needed to be shortened about 2in. Yes, you have to struggle a little with the language barrier but in my experience that's the case with most tailors. Lets face it most people nowadays are not going to sewing school to open shops for alterations. These ladies have been doing it for years and generally know what they're doing if you can keep the communication simple. They don't take credit cards-only cash or checks (I had to run to the ATM and run back). The craftmanship was done well and the dress was ready when promised. $18 to shorten a dress w/no lining.So far so good. I'll use them again and next time I'll bring something more complicated and see how they do.
1	Where do I begin? The short version: save yourself hassle, money, and time by going somewhere else.Here's my experience. I brought 2 pants for hemming. Measurements were taken. When I went to pick up pants - one pant was good the other was one inch too long. So measurements were taken again. I came back the next day, pants were ready and fit right, but I did not have cash or checks (who carries checks?!) so I left the pants to be picked up another day. Up to this point I had interactions with 2 employees and no one had mentioned cash/check only. On my fourth visit, I was able to retrieve my pants after negotiating the removal of a rush fee? $15 per pant plus $5 rush fee. Nordstrom charges $10 bucks ( I found this out after the fact)
4	I was referred to Gold Needle by the J.Crew shop at Scottsdale Fashion Square. I took three pairs of pants in (not jeans) for tailoring. PROS:- Quick, accurate pinning/fitting- Clean sewing (I can't really see where there work was)- Done on time- Open SaturdayCONS:- Cash or check onlyMy pants fit perfectly now so I'm very happy!
2	I have had 2 experiences with Gold Needle. First in 2012, when they were recommended for my wedding dress alterations. I paid $160 (more than I paid for the dress!!) for them to shorten the hem significantly and adjust the bodice. I was happy with the work, but I was never able to get an estimate on the price before the work was finished, because Rosalia, the owner, sets all the prices, and she was never in the store. My second encounter was this week. Before Christmas, I dropped off 3 pairs of pants in need of repair: one needed hemmed, one needed the crotch repaired, and the third needed the crotch repaired and the side seam (by a pocket) repaired. Again, I was unable to get an estimate when I dropped off the garments because Rosalia was not there. I went back yesterday to pick up the pants. The charge was $35 - reasonable, I  was happy to pay it. I returned home and a couple of hours later decided to check the repairs. The pants that needed both the crotch and side seam repair had not been touched at all. So, I went back to Gold Needle and presented the problem to Rosalia. She told me I could return today. I went in today to pick up the pants. She says to me "My girl, she remembers fixing these, says these are different pants, but we do it for you anyhow" and walks into the back.  I was fairly offended that I had just been called a liar. When she came back with the pants, I told her that I was frustrated that her employee was calling me a liar. She responded with "No no that's not what she said."  I told her that it IS what she said, and that hearing that made me never want to come back to her business. So...I think their work is great. If you can talk to Rosalia when you go, I recommend it, as the other ladies have limited English and cannot give you a price estimate. I would also check for completeness of the work in front of an employee in order to avoid being called a liar if you need to return.
5	Not only did she alter my wedding gown,  but she had to cut it at the waste instead of the bottom so we didn't lose any beading. She also put in the bustle and at the last minute she had to remove the straps and adjust the bust because I found out that I was expecting. Rosalia is an absolute delight and I have been using her for years now. I would recommend using her for any alterations of any kind. She's a lovely woman with a warm greeting for anyone who walks in her shop!
2	Went here to get a bunch of stuff altered.. Normal stuff, nothing crazy. 2 stars for the work. Everything fit fine once I picked it up. Minus 3 stars because the service was poor and the prices are outrageous. The lady who was helping me couldn't get me out the place fast enough. She was on the phone and shuffling other customers are she was pinning my stuff. I might as well have been a mannequin. Also, for how basic the alterations were (hem, taper) I couldn't believe the price when I came to pick them up. Needless to say I will be searching for another tailor.
