5	This review is for food and price only;As far as I am concern, they are the best fish and chip in town. Best fried cod fillet, best fried shimp. Other items are equally tasty, But my favorite is the fried cod.Order the food to go, you won't be disappointed.
2	Brads is cheap and the fish and sides are all frozen pre-breaded. I pop thru the drive thru every now and then because its cheap and easy and on my way home.The catfish is OK. it's thin and flat? Never saw a flat catfish before. Not a lot of flavor. This is normal for Brad's trust my ex used to get the fish and fried zucchini all the time. I do like their tarter sauce it is tasty. It's weird if you go in they have all of these display cases to sell you trinkets from Asia. But looks a little like a cafeteria. They have everything fried you can think of. Fish, shrimp, chicken, mushrooms, zucchini, onion rings, fries you get the idea. If you want great catfish go to Honey bears on central Thursdays or Fridays only.
3	We have been going to Brads for over 15 years. It really has not changed much. The interior is blah.The staff is strange yet nice.The food is ok to good. Everything is breaded and fried but the breading is good. The cod fillet was meaty and good.  It was just too much grease after the rings and fish. It was 27 for 4 of us...not too bad.
2	Oh boy. I've been on a big fish and chips kick lately. We rolled through the drive thru on Saturday night. The food is cheap....and rubbery...and stale....if fish and chips could have a stale taste, this place takes the win. I did like their dipping sauce, it was garlicy...I do like mine sweet, but it was a nice change. And I know its deep fried,but damn...the little napkin they put in the bottom of your to go box was all translucent from soaking up the oil. As the hubs put it...this place is good if you are really good and drunk, otherwise, pass.
4	I've been here many times and love everything I try. The cod is breaded fried to a perfect golden brown. I really love the chew factor and the flavor is good. Mushrooms are fresh and hand picked to fry up to perfection. Never had better.
3	I"m not quite sure to what to say about Brad's.  Years ago, I had gone there for dinner with a friend.  He used to own a restaurant that specialized in southern food and said it was pretty good.  Let that tell you something about the food here.Tonight I hobbled in wearing both shoes-the first day since my accident.  I was tired and just wanted a different  type of  dinner.  Don't go to Brad's for ambiance.  It isn't there.  It does have something I do like.  Their are two LARGE signs that say children must be seated.  It wasn't busy while I was there but it would be just fine if they do enforce those signs.  (God bless those of you have rug rats but when I am eating, I enjoy a bit of peace and quiet).  It is fairly clean and the employees were friendly enough.  You order your food at the front and they bring it to you.   I think I can safely say this restaurant specializes in fried foods, especially fish.  I rarely eat fried foods but decided to pig out and have the sampler which includes-fried-a big mushroom, zucchini, cod, onion ring. and fries.  They give you containers of two sauces and ketchup to go with it.  As I rarely eat fried foods, I can't really tell you it was particularly good nor particularly bad.  There was a lot of it.  I  liked the mushroom.   If I drank alcohol I think it would be really good with a beer?  Can't tell you if you can get beer there as I would have no reason to ask.  I can tell you they have good lemonade.Don't go if you want something light on your stomach.  Don't go to Brad's if you want to impress someone with your culinary tastes.  But if you want fried and plenty of it, that they do have.  They do have things that aren't fried. It has been there for quite some time so it must have a following.  It has drive thru.
4	Jumbo shrimp are bigger than red lobster
5	My husband, my mother inlaw and I went here today. Man do I have to say THEY HAVE THE BEST CATFISH I'VE HAD IN A LOOOOOONG TIME! It was absolutely. Amazing!! The owner was friendly and very respectful!  I can't beleive I didnt hear about this place before! Me and My family will defiantly be back! If you like sea food and want the kind that momma or pop use to make this is the place!! Absolutely all n all great place I am very happy that I heard about it!
1	Meh. That's about all I will write.
1	This is one restaurant that requires a make over in so many ways!1). The interior is from another time, there is a sign that warns you to watch your children, and a sign on both bathrooms that they are out of order (although they are not, you just need a key).2). The food is B.L.A.N.D!  THAT is the only word to describe it!  The catfish, the mushrooms (which were cut in half), the zucchini (which wasn't cut at all or didn't seem to be).  Cole slaw same thing as well as the tarter sauce!  Good thing they've got ketchup and hot sauce in a bottle to mix in the tarter sauce, that helps very little but it helps.  3).The staff is nice but from another time! A yeah, we're NOT going back, and if there were a to give half a star I would!
5	Our family recently discovered Brad's Fish & Chips and have been completely satisfied with our food every time.  The shrimp is great, the fish is great, and the french fries are nicely cooked.  The cole slaw isn't the best out there, but it's a nice fresh addition to a fish & chips meal.  The dipping sauces are all flavorful, and they have malt vinegar upon request.  We have only been to the drive-thru, but from other people's reviews, I'm curious to go inside sometime.  I don't mind an eclectic interior.  If the food is great, that is what matters when it comes to a successful mom & pop type of restaurant.  We will keep coming back and enjoying a great value for a great meal.
