5	We stumbled upon Feast when all other restaurants in Uptown Charlotte were crowded.  What a find!  The decor was modern/eclectic.  The food was incredible.  Their menu consists of mostly vegetarian and/or organic entrees such as sandwiches, salads, and tapas/appetizers.  The organic chicken sandwich (with spinach, artichoke, sundried tomatoes, and swiss cheese) was out of this world.  The items are very reasonably priced for Uptown and the portions are just right.  It's the drinks that make up for the cost of the food.  But the pomegranate martinis were perfectly blended and somewhat worth the higher price.  I want to spread the word on how great Feast is, but I don't want it to get too overcrowded that it loses its intimacy!
1	overall, this was a pretty unimpressive, and almost downright deeply disappointing experience. went on a recommendation of a friend.  got there, the decor was *almost* on point, but things not quite right. like, pulled from the pages of trend-orama magazine, but literally pulled, nothing there seemed put together organically all these different styles and colors and stuff put together because it *should* look good together. like, if it were clothes, it would be like buying the designer labels without actually having any style to put it together.i digress, but walking in honestly put me off a bit and made me feel like it could be a denny's in disguise. however i gave it a shot. menu was interesting, kind of really disjointed, but DID have a lot of veggie options which was good.  had a lot of different worlds going on - thai dishes, crepes (french), cous cous, good ol'  shepards pie and the like. how can one restaurant excel in all of these things? well, quite frankly it can't. and they proved it.i ordered the shrimp, scallop and crabmeat crepe with a champagne sauce and it was cold. cold as ice. why would seafood be cold if they just cooked it? where was the champagne sauce? the crepe was tiny, and flavorless, and the seafood was flavorless, and the sauce non-existent. i could've been eating my napkin and had the same taste sensation.  other app ordered, goat cheese on crostini- a friend got this and crostini wasn't toasted and it had too much goat cheese on it. such a simple offering- how can you mess that up?sadly, service was amost as bad as food. the fellow who waiting on us was very nice, however, the restaurant was empty, and we never got a drink refill once. never got out plates picked up and generally sat around waiting for him for a total of about 1hr longer than we should've (or WANTED) to be there.sad, disappointing - food, ambiance, service, this place struck out in all three.
2	To dispel any confusion, what used to be Menage Ultra Lounge is now HOM.  Why the long sordid review?  Because Feast is doing three things: Play, Hom & Liv.  Confusing?  Yes it is!PLAY - Upstairs is downtowns "trendiest" nightclub according to their website.  They got that right.  A 10$ cover does more than keep out the riffraff.  You'll see so much money walk through the door your jaw will drop.  But you'll also see a nightclub so pretentious that there are VIP ropes in front of absolutely every chair, couch and staircase in the joint.  If you don't pay, you don't sit down.  And the real stumper is at 1:30am on a Saturday they were all still empty!  The best thing about it was the bartenders because they definitely work hard and appreciate being in a hot nightlife spot.  The liquor selection on the other hand was almost as disappointing as the music.  Make sure you ask for what you want to drink even if you don't see it on the shelf because they may be hiding it, like Patron and Jack Daniels.  And if you like Scotch, be prepared to have only Johnny Walker.  The dance area, if that's what it's supposed to be, is completely conflicted.  They have the (empty) v.i.p. couches and velvet ropes set up where there should only be dance floor.  But more importantly, I've never seen a house dj cause so many train wrecks than at PLAY.  If you're a dj and every three and a half minutes when you start monkeying with the turntables between songs, all 30 people on the dance floor stop moving and turn and look at you, you should take a hint and stop fooling around.  Beatmatching means keeping the rhythm going, not killing it with a hammer.  That cool downtempo music you hear on the website?  You're not going to get that from one of their resident dj's.  At least not at PLAY. HOM - Feast, the ground floor restaurant and namesake that anchors the nightclubs.  LIVE - Advertised as a "lounge" downstairs.  As soon as I walked in here I realized how much time I just wasted upstairs at PLAY.  Do not waste your time upstairs if you want to dance.  Check downstairs first.  This is a true dance club.  There are three disco balls, a dj setup and the bar and seating are out of the way enough that you could really get a crowd going if you knew what to do with the vinyl. The gentleman spinning was  doing a nice job but everyone was upstairs because that's what's hyped as the main party space.  They got the names mixed up.  Downstairs should be PLAY and upstairs with the useless couches should be LIVE.Who wants to dance around a bunch of elite couches and crappy music?  Granted the house dj's probably aren't the main reason they are in business.  Make sure you pick a night with a guest dj you think you might like off their website before you drop your hard earned cash.  Even trust fund babies should be pissed at this place but they're often brainwashed into believing expensive = good, so their taste can be out the window.Final recommendation, if you find yourself not enjoying the music upstairs make sure you go downstairs to see what's happening.  You may find you have a cooler dance floor all to yourself!  They serve alcohol until 2am and are still open until 4am.  The second best thing about this nightclub is that even after the booze stops flowing you can still dance your buzz off.
4	I actually have never eaten here, but they have a great electronic shows here some nights out of the week.  Elliot Lipp came here on a Wednesday and it was a pretty rockin' show.  There is a huge college crowd that hangs out here; plenty of girls and guys to groove with.  I am not sure that I would come here to eat, because it might be a little of a culture shock from my DJ experience.  I can understand the concerns about the VIP pretentiousness, but I don't really care about VIP, I just came here to dance.  Overall. it doesn't compare to any clubs in Atlanta for this type of scene, but it is Charlotte, it's what we've got.
2	I don't know. In a lot of ways, it just feels like Feast is trying to hard. Maybe it's because of its location (in the heart of Uptown Charlotte), or maybe because it's adjacent to a Charlotte "club." I just get the feeling it's trying to be something it's not, or something it can't be. With dance music playing in the background and a DJ spinning throughout your meal, you get the feeling you're in Miami or in the Meatpacking district of Manhattan. And you're not. The decor is too much: shiny, sparkly, flashy. And our waitstaff was composed of emo hipsters. Nothing against them, but it was just a weird dining experience. The drinks were good (and strong), and the bar scene was pretty cool (if a little much), but the food was only so-so. There wasn't too much selection, and nothing our group ordered really stood out at all. You get the sense that people go there don't really care about the food as much as the scene, which wasn't how I was feeling that night (hence my pseudo disappointment). Drink enough, though, and you're fine.
2	Hom and its many levels are just trying way to be hard to be cool. I was there for a party (and a private VIP thing beforehand) and I was just kind of overwhelmed by how over the top the place is. It confirmed my suspicions. I was in what's called the Bubble Room for much of the time. It was like a creepy dungeon basement with animal heads on the wall. Gross. The Bubble Room is their champagne room and can be rented out. I don't see why anyone would want to hang out in that weird space though.
1	CLOSED.Another one bites the dust.
