5	My favorite restaurant in Montreal.  Great food, nicely presented with professional, friendly service.  Reasonably priced meals.
4	Try to go there from Wednesday to saturday night for the all you can eat fish bar! Absolutely love the concept! You can personally choose your fish from the counter.  They simply grill it to have the real and fresh flavour of the fish and provide you with lemon.  It is the best way to compare the taste and texture from one fish to another.  The service is also stellar, they know their differences between their fish and the wine list is interesting! A definite go for a seafood and fish lover!
4	I have been to Andiamo 3 times and I am planning to go back for more !Operated by the same people behind decadently good Europea and excellent bistro Beaver Hall, Andiamo is definitely one of the highlights of the downtown core. The lunch menu is excellent because it marries originality, classics, variety and quality. The fish options being their specialty they are usually pretty well executed. The cooking is always perfect , and the sides are always inventive and tasty, not just for decoration. The meat options are not short on taste either.The service is spotless from reservation to payment, the staff knowledgeable about the dishes and wine... and best of all the seats are so comfy ! it is good point for lengthy lunches.For those of us in the downtown who have to organize lunch with clients it is definitely one of the best options available at a fair price.
5	Amazing!This small restaurant in Montreal had the most charming staff and extremely well cooked seafood. I highly recommend the fish bar. You can select an assortment of fish, mussels, clams, octopus, choosing just a few or a bit of everything. The chef cooks each perfectly then brings out several sauces to complement your options. I have to say, the flavor was so good I didn't add much in the way of sauce. I also didn't add any salt, which for me is unheard of. (I went with my mother who is not a fan of salty foods and she said it was perfectly cooked too, so I promise it's not too salty.)The server added fresh lemon zest, and was generous in pouring the wine. Not to mention the entire staff was friendly, entertaining, attentive, and welcoming. I can't wait to go back!
5	Nice atmosphere, courteous waitstaff, and most importantly, very tasty. Price was great, too: two dinners, two appetizers and a soda for under $60. I'd go back in a heartbeat.
4	This restaurant serves excellent fish. Fresh, done just right, tasty, beautifully presented! Service was great too, with courteous, fast and attentive waiters.
4	The only reason I don't give 5 stars is because I don't want readers to expect perfection- but we loved our dining experience here. Tons of seafood on the menu, excellent appetizers, and very nice service. Our only complaint is that the wine list does not have an affordable option- nothing under $40. Entrees start at $20 and go up to $40 for their all you can eat fish bar. One friend got the fish bar- you go up and choose from 10 or more fresh selections of seafood and shellfish and they grill or steam your selection and bring it out with the other plates. Sides were delicious and served family style. This is off the beaten path so it wasn't too crowded or loud. The chairs were super comfy. There are lots of cute enjoyable touches like the way they serve bread and dessert- definitely worth dining there if you are looking for great seafood!
