5	My dollar reaches sooooo far here! I only shop the fresh produce but eventually i'll get around to taking a gander inside. Last week home grown tomatoes were .99/lb, this week 3 huuuuggge bell peppers 3/$1, seedless cukes $1, red and yellow cherry tomatoes also $1, peaches, cherries, hot peppers galore. If its growning, you'll find it at market outlet!
3	I noticed all items here are either expired or very close to.
5	I'm surprised that there aren't more reviews for this place.  I know the Strip is loaded with places vying for your dollar.  But this place is for sure one of the places where that dollar gets you more.Of course you need to start out on the street.  That's where all the best produce is.  Prices range I would say depending on the day that you are there and what is fresh from the gardens.  After you have scoured the produce outside don't forget to venture inside.  It's somewhat of an extension of the produce outside with a mix of Big Lots, shall we call it.  Think buys from stores that had too much.  I was able to pick up the type of hair gel I use for a third of the price I normally pay.Typical spices that you would find on any grocery store shelf with a few that you wouldn't, all for about $.99.  Credit cards excepted and check out here is about as fast as you can get anywhere in the city.
5	Always a key stop on our visits to the strip.  Yea, some of the stuff is past it's "sell by" date so you have to be smart.  It's not always that important but be aware.  Prices are great to good on most items.  I'd give the produce slightly less shelf life than major groceries but about the same as other strip establishments.  Don't stock up, eat it fresh.  Good prices on coffee, canned goods, boxed foods, etc. and health/beauty items.  Sometimes I am amazed at how little we've spent for what we walk out with.
5	Yes I buy my cans at the dent store, and I love it! The produce in this place is usually great as well, and it has frozen food and even a pharmacy and pet section. The store basically has everything one might need and at a fraction of the price. It's a great place to try new things too, because they are not too expensive.
5	I can't believe all the times I have been here and haven't yelped about it yet.  I have been going to the Market Outlet (though I affectionately call it the Produce Stand) for years...  It was one of my best finds when I first started working Dahn-tahn.  I mean their prices are out of this world!  I can say that I almost exclusively stick with produce here (hence my nickname).  So why is it so good...Well for starters, if you are like me you try to incorporate lots of fresh fruit and veggies into your diet.  In season, and sometimes out of season you can come here and buy a basket of bell peppers (and I am talking about the yellow/red/and orange kind) for $3.00.   That is a BASKET! That could be anywhere from 6-10 depending on their size.  At the Eagle you are lucky to get one pepper for that price!  Actually it would probably be more than that...Moving on I have purchased a 5lb bag of chopped broccoli for $2.00, a LB of Strawberries and blueberries for $1.00, a 5LB bag of carrots for $2.00, and so many other great deals!   It's great to come here and find all these bargains.  Only bummer is, it is not sold year around.  So for instance those peppers may be there one day and the next week you are SOL.  Buyer be warned, you also must look over your items (produce or whatever) before purchase.  I have at some times found mold in strawberry containers or broccoli buckets ECT.  Don't let this deter you, just keep looking.  Now there are those times that you may not find anything good, but that is much more reserved to the coldest months (again just addressing produce).  Finally, they do accept CC, but there is a $5.00 minimum, and that isn't usually hard to meet and still leave with two heaping bags of produce that would have cost one $30.00 at the Eagle.  Just a great value.  Give it a try and you will see just be selective and look it over, it is totally worth the savings!
5	This place is outstanding. As others here have mentioned, I'm surprised that more people aren't talking about this place on Yelp.I love that Market Outlet offers discounts on perfectly good food that would otherwise have gone to waste. Shopping here is a winning situation for everyone involved, and at very little risk to the consumer. Of course be aware about the expiration dates on some of the goods inside, but remember that most things are super safe to consume well beyond the date posted. Things like crackers and cereal may not be as tasty if they've been out for a while, but the canned goods are almost definitely a go. Just use common sense.The produce outside is also amazing, and I love it probably equally as much as the interior. In the summer, $1 cartons of strawberries (or a box for $6, if you plan to make ten strawberry pies) and blueberries are almost impossible to pass up. I tend to buy a lot of tomatoes, zucchini, and whatever other veggies and fruits happen to be offered that week. I've always wanted to buy one of their bucketful of peppers for $3, but never have had the space in my backpack, since I do my grocery shopping by bike. It's probably for the best - otherwise I'd end up with way more fresh vegetables than I can handle, even though I'd hardly have a dent made in my wallet. As with any produce, be sure to check berries for mold and vegetables for anything else suspicious, but I've never had more problems here than at Giant Eagle. I'd say their shelf-life is a tad shorter, but not by far.My only complaint is that it is only open 8-5 M-Sat (7-5 on Sun), which means I can't stop by after work on weekdays for groceries, but I will always stop here on my weekend Strip trips.I would highly encourage everyone to shop here. It's better for your wallet, for your health (since it encourages you to buy more fresh veggies and fruits), and for helping eliminate the incredible amount of food waste that occurs in this country.Here is an article written a while ago about Market Outlet's first opening, and it seems pretty accurate to how the store is now: http://articles.earthlingshandbook.org/2009/09/28/new-discount-grocery-store-in-pittsburgh/
5	Expiration date, Exmuration date...p-shaw!The Market Outlet in the Strip is what I endearingly call 'Scratch and Dent', and quite often you will find canned goods that fit that description to a T...and frankly, who cares? The only people who care would still be operating under the old-school notion that a dented can means botulism. When that was true, cans hadn't been developed to their current state.Next up would be 'best if sold by' dates. How many packages of food do you have sitting on your shelves at home that are WAY past the 'best if sold by' dates, that you still open, eat, and don't even think about?Exactly!What the Market Outlet specializes in (with the possible exception of their produce) is special buys of bulk products that some other store or company couldn't sell because they were dented, crushed, or past the sell-by dates. Maybe products that were discontinued. But the bottom line is that there is a MUCH tinier 'bottom line', so the products are actually priced to sell, and...at prices that they should have been sold for in the first place.And I LOVE it!There are plenty of staples to be stocked up on, like pastas, pasta sauces, and other various fruit and veggie canned good. And without the Giant Eagle price gouge. You can actually still get two boxes of mac-n-cheese, various brands, two for a dollar. A big bag of pasta that the twisted greed bird would sell for $3, is also 99 cents here.Snacks, sauces, breakfast good, coffees, sodas, frozen goods (I've actually seen big freezer bags of Wendy's chicken and just today, 'Mac Fries'...yes...the fries specially bio-engineered for McD's)Some of their special buys are awesome. Like being on a no-carb diet again, there was an entire shelf of canned squid and octopus, in various oils and sauces. No doubt either past date, or discontinued. 99 cents each. I stocked up. Now I have an awesome no-carb snack in the pantry.They also get in some stocks of personal care items, like crushed tubes of toothpaste. So? I'll put my finger over the crack and use the tube of Rite-Aid priced $6 toothpaste for a buck!About the only thing I've found there that was a little unusable after its past-due-date were toilet tablets. They'd kind of lost their 'solidity', which made them dissolve much more quickly in the tank.Spices, herbs, extracts, flours, non-stick sprays...why pay full retail for these staples, when you can get them for what they're actually worth, in perfectly fine condition? The produce, I would recommend eating up a little more quickly than you might something from the petrified produce section at the Market District. Then there are cleaning supplies, things like aluminum foil, zip lock bags, paper towels, etc. NONE of which come close to being priced at standard grocery store prices.It's an amazing place...like stepping back in time to where grocery shopping should have STAYED in regard to prices and profits. And besides...how cool is it to buy cans of 'crushed tomatoes' and 'crushed pineapple', that look like exactly that? Two cans...slightly crushed.Now, I'm sure the Fox Chapel and Sewickley crowds would poo-poo any notion of setting foot in the place. However, for the rest of us, who have to live within realistic and ration means...this is a mini dented gold mine - maybe slightly long in the tooth - but so well worth the weekly visit!
