5	I just moved to Las Vegas and needed to switch my State Farm Insurance prior to heading to the DMV to get a new license and registration (which was not quite as painful as one might expect if one times the visit well and brings absolutely everything under the sun in tow).  While still in San Francisco, I picked Matt based on Randy's Yelp review, and so first I wanted to thank Randy because Matt Keim is great.  He got back to me with excellent quotes for car and renter's insurance, explained all the details of my policies, and offered suggestions for what might be better options for me (no one had really taken the time to do that before).  Matt is extremely personable and professional, and a pleasure to have done business with.  Thanks, Matt!
5	I had been stressing about how to go about getting my insurance over to NV from SC.  I emailed Matt a request and gave him my name/policy #, he had everything done and transferred probably in less than an hour, had everything emailed to me!  I met with him the next day and got all my hard copies and he helped me with info on how to get my NV registration, etc.  On top of being so efficient, he is such a wonderful person!!  I sat in his office and we just cracked each other up for like 30mins sharing stories.If you're looking for insurance or are moving/just moved here, Matt is definitely the guy to see.  Fast, courteous, efficient and a warm person.  Can't ask for more than that.
1	I have had a policy with Matt for over 5 years now for my car. I tried adding my husband to my policy and he had problems with his license and so I told them not to worry about adding him. So without notifying me that my own policy would be cancelled, they terminated it. Since I was on autopay for 5 years, I had no idea until the DMV sent me a fine for lapsed coverage for $500. Matt and his staff gave me the runaround for a few days and refused to admit it was their fault. I kept getting told that they would call me back, and I would have to call back every time. Now I just sent him an email from the same email I have always used to cancel my remaining rental insurance policy (which he had no problems still charging me for) and had the nerve to respond with "who is this?" wow. just wow. That is how you treat a long term client? with zero at fault accidents?? he used to be nice until he screwed me over.  I never get upset over bad service, but this is costing me a lot of unnecessary money. Look elsewhere for an agent who will let you know they are cancelling your policy to avoid fines.
