1	This place is definitely not closed. My friend just moved out of there last month. Maybe they had such bad reviews (like they do on Google http://maps.google.com/maps/place?hl=en&rlz=1G1GGLQ_ENUS260&um=1&ie=UTF-8&q=scottsdale+spring+apartments+review&fb=1&gl=us&hq=spring+apartments&hnear=scottsdale&cid=17923775598020519810&dtab=2&ei=9WzYS7a8HMGqlAfkzYSKBA&sa=X&oi=local_result&ct=result&resnum=1&ved=0CAoQqgUwAA)  on Yelp they reported themselves closed to get rid of all their reviews.Well Scottsdale Springs, you can run, but you can't hide from the people.
1	Living at Scottsdale Springs is like being in an abusive relationship, and when you break up, finding out they gave you an STD.  Moving in, everyone says the same thing... "It won't happen to me". It will, and the only thing I can say is PROTECT YOURSELF, because Scottsdale Springs will attract you with their low move in costs, inexpensive rent, and great location, and then, once you're committed, they will screw you. They will move a family of 5 Acrobats in to a one bedroom apartment above you, they will tell you there in no "transfer fee" to move apartments, but then when moving day comes and your packed and loading the truck, they will tell you there is a $200 deposit on the new apartment, and a $100 admin fee. Oh, and just an FYI, all the cop cars in the parking lot...that is not on-site security.  So if after reading this you are still the type to fall for the "bad boy," go for it, but remember, when you go in the office, get EVERYTHING in writing, keep your lease paperwork, and please please please, schedule a walk through before you move out, and TAKE PICTURES! Welcome Home
1	Quite Possibly worst apartment complex in Scotsdale. This puts Scotsdale on map for being partially ghetto. The pool looks like a dirty mexican Jacuzzi and smells like one too. the showers work when they feel like and apartments look like a throwback from the 70's theme. I feel sorry for my lil brother who is forced to live here while his house is being constructed. stick in there brother its almost over. If you like crack heads, meth heads, and illecit drug use and possibly the fear of being raped everyday on way to your car by all means move in. If not stay away
1	This place was the worst place to EVER live! I lived here from Aug 2010 to may 2011, i was always in the office see when the grates would be fixed?? the office always gave me the run around very rude. You would think after the gun shoots, assaults, and car break ins that they would fix the gates but nope and to this day they still aren't fixed. When we moved in they said they would be fixed in a week and they lied.  Also the gym is huge but NONE of the equipment works! living here was SO gross! nothing worked our neighbors are Mexican thugs doing drug cat calling at anything that walks it was gross. I hated living here!  But the worst part was a few weeks ago we get a call from collections saying we owe Scottsdale Springs $300 bucks over 10 months after moving out! I called them up like wtf, and they were SO rude said too bad pay it or your credit score will hurt, we even gave a fowarding address and we NEVER got a letter in the mail about any damages. They claim we never gave them a forwarding address which is bull. I really hope people read these reviews i would hate to see anyone else scammed by this god awful company!
1	If I could give this place zero stars I would.  Maintenance has no clue what they are doing.  If you can even get them to show up.  The manager doesn't care what happens and is a word I cannot say on here. If she actually has to leave her office she acts like it will kill her. Plan on having the cops there because they rent to anyone. Including but not limited to druggies, and alcoholics.  The apartment flooded, and they put new floors over the wet old ones.  Way to not know what your doing.  STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!
1	All these negative reviews on here are absolutely right. I would have picked 0 stars if I could. Let's just dive right into this, shall we?-I'm moving out in a month. If it weren't for me getting my mail one day and mentioning that I was leaving, I would have never known to sign their 30-day notice before leaving, otherwise they'd charge me the month-to-month price which was ENORMOUS.  -My ceiling was POURING water constantly where the air filter is. I had to switch out bowls and pots around the clock because they were filling so fast. I even had to leave work to pour out all the water. Oh, and I put in TONS of work requests to get it fixed. If you want anything fixed around there, call the emergency line - twice. I submitted 3 online work requests, called twice, and finally after about 3 weeks, they came and 'fixed' the problem. I say 'fixed' because about 3-4 days ago, it started leaking again. It's unreasonable that they couldn't fix the problem the first time, or even when I asked to have it fixed in the first place.-Bugs. When I first moved in, there were ants. Now there are fruit flies. And I just cannot get rid of them. No matter how much I clean, these bugs just won't go anywhere. Maybe this has something to do with the fact that I never got a screen door AND the lock to my back door was busted before I moved in, so bugs found an easy way in. Neither of which were fixed/replaced, by the way. Thank goodness I live on the second floor, otherwise I'd feel even more unsafe...-It's loud. You can hear EVERYTHING that's happening outside. Dogs barking, kids screaming.. even people just walking around. If you want peace and quiet, this is not the place to go.-There is a gate at the entrance, but I'm pretty sure that thing NEVER closes anymore. How safe is that? What's the point of having a gated entry if the gate doesn't work. I'll come back around 9 or 10 at night and it's still wide open. When I first moved in, it'd be closed around 7 or so. I should also mention that my code to the gate has never worked. If the gate does happen to be closed (which is a rarity these days), if I don't have my clicker, I'm locked out until another car happens to come by. -When I first moved in, one of their maintenance trucks would constantly park in my designated parking spot, forcing me to illegal park somewhere else. If you have assigned parking, you know exactly how frustrating this is. -It's expensive. It's not worth paying that amount to live there. Maybe if the security worked and they fixed things in a timely matter, it would be worth it, but it just isn't. You can find better cheaper places anywhere. Take my advice: use this place as a last resort. It's honestly not worth the stress and your money could be much better spent. Once you sign your lease, they forget you exist because they only care about getting paid. I'm glad I signed the shortest lease I could and I'll be so happy when it's finally up and I can move out next month.Good luck in your apartment search.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Update:Just received a call TODAY saying I owed $125 for cleaning and move out fees from Scottsdale Springs. Total garbage. I paid everything in full when I moved out in NOVEMBER.  I know the move out fees were paid because I physically went down into the office, they gave me my total balance, and I paid it all right there. And my apartment was spotless when I moved out. A piece of advice - leave your place a mess when you move out because they will charge you this cleaning fee regardless. So why not at least make it with your money and put them to work.This place is the worst. Do not move here. Don't waste your money. You'll seriously regret it and wish you lived in a box on the side of the road. You'd get more for your money that way and the box probably won't report you to debt collectors when they 'forget' to send you a bill. I promise you that much.
2	So I'm not the type of person to write a review I am not the type a person that gets mad at bad customer service. This ends today sadly. This place I have been living in for about 7 months now and in between this I have paid for a parking spot that's across the other side of the building that they dick me around and say that they can't get anything closer than lie and say they will help and never do. Than trying to fix anything is a joke they never come.... Might as well fix it yourself which you shouldn't have to because its a apartment. Their customer service is awful as well they don't help. If you are thinking about moving here I'd suggest anything else. It's also very nosy in your apartment you can hear everything anyone's doing. Some times it gets old. I can tolerate a lot but they have gotten on my last nerve....
1	Absolute worst experience I have had living in an apartment, the staff is super rude and always trying to make an extra dollar off of you any way they can, the place itself is ghetto and not kept very clean, with a dirty vagrant vibe to all of the residents. Always had the feeling like I was going to get mugged walking around outside. Please avoid this place at all costs, they try to lure you in with the promise of good deals but you will for sure pay for it in the end.
1	Scottsdale Springs more like The Scottsdale Slums.  Don't let the word Scottsdale fool you this place is a complete ghetto.  Lets start by giving a quick history lesson on this place back in 2011 some poor 21 year old kid was gunned down and killed in the dog park.  Go ahead and Google it you will see plenty of articles come up.  My Mom has a looney toon neighbor below her that knocks on her door and harrases her.  Called the police twice and they did nothing along with management.  My Mom wants to move out of this slum and they are charging her $1000's to break her lease.  This is a Mark Taylor complex which I thought was a very reputable property management firm.  Shame on you Mark Taylor for running this slum and holding people into their lease when their safety is in danger.Don't let the name and location fool you STAY OUT!!!  LEASE AT YOUR OWN RISK!!! Unless of course your a meth head then you might like it :).
1	I am very upset with the Management of Scottsdale Springs (Mark-Taylor).  I had lived there for over a year and never had a problem, always been a good tenant without having any complaints and always paid rent on time, that's why I was extremely upset with management after they evicted me from my apartment after something my roommate of 3 only weeks did.I had just extended my lease to another 12 months after already being there 12 months.  Also had a new roommate since the other one left once the other lease was up.  After he was there for about 3 weeks he had a big accident with his car on the property and damaged some of the property with his car.  He failed to report the damages to anybody (including me) and within 3 days was caught by the police.  After I found out about the incident, I was told that not only would he be evicted, but since I was on the lease with him, I would be held just as responsible as he was, so I was being evicted as well because that's the way a 1 way lease works, which I understand.However, I now found out from other apartment managers and real estate agents that in a situation like that, the management could have given me the option of renewing another lease with the company, since they knew I was completely innocent and even had my roommate vie for me that I had nothing to do with it.  But at the time all the manager told me was that this is the way the book says, and that she had to abide with the rules.  So technically speaking she legally did the right thing, but she could have went above and beyond to work with me on renewing another lease in order to keep me as a tenant.  I am very upset about this whole situation and every other apt manager I told this story to has said in a situation like that, that they personally "would be able to work with me" on keeping me there and out of the situation of an eviction.
2	Very high rent for a complex that is degraded and under an extremely slow process of renovation.The place is FULL OF BARKING DOGS, and horrible owners that leave their dogs home alone to sit there bark and whine and be neglected, and management is powerless to do anything.Just walk around the grounds and listen!A generous 2 stars for nice front office staff
2	Most every negative stereotype that exists as a part of lesser apartment living will be present here. 2 stars for nice front office staff
