4	As a beginner, all I can do is review the service and general look of the store.  Everyone is friendly and helpful, and the store is wide open with lots of space and very well organized.  The selection looks quite broad from my inexperienced view.The shooting area is bright and open, with all the things you need for comfortable and safe archery.We're taking one of their family classes and like it so far.  Would recommend it for any beginner, and it seems like experienced archers should check it out too.
5	Largest indoor archery range in AZ. Top product - Hoyt and Mathews with helpful and friendly staff. Separate area for adult and junior archers.
5	This place is awesome! The staff is very friendly and I spoke with Kenny and Tony about how they started their business. Very friendly guys! They have a huge indoor shooting range and give classes or just some expert advice while you're shopping. Thanks for your help guys!
5	Awesome place. My wife and I go there often and we are having a lot of fun. The bow techs know their stuff and helped me out a lot. Great job. Keep up the work!
1	I went just to shoot a few arrows. First they gave me a bow I never used and they gave me a mix of arrows. One  almost stabbed through my hand cause it was made for a recurve bow not compound.. The instructor was somewhat forceful very touchy. I really just wanted to be left alone. What a waste of money. They changed my bows like 6 times finally after the  last time I was pissed and just left. I shot at Archery Headquarters and they were awesome. This place sucks not worth the $30 bucks!! Plus they won't refund my money.
5	Great place to come and practice archery indoors in Phoenix, which is awesome during the summer time heat.  You can't go wrong with an indoor archery range.  The staff are friendly and willing to share their shooting experiences and knowledge with you so you can make the proper decisions about your purchases.It would be nice to see them carry a few more brands of equipment.  Would like to see them stay open a little longer as most people work during the day and if the range closes at 8pm, it makes it tough to get there after work to shoot for more than an hour or so.
5	It's like the Scottsdale Gun Club without the expense of ammo! A great place to practice for the amateur or Olympic champion alike. There are lessons for kids and adults. Air conditioned and safe, I could spend my entire summer here. Love it. 5 stars all the way.
