4	I work in this area and have become a regular here. I am usually not a fan of Panda but the food at this location seems to be more fresh that others. The staff is always friendly and offer you to try their new dish. I wanted some rangoons but I like them fresh out of the cooker. When i hesitated the gentleman offered to throw some fresh one in for me at bring them to my table. This is not typical of a fast food place.
1	Well...  the only thing I can say is.... if you like your food to have one consistent flavor ...no matter what choice you make.. being  the flavor of the grill... then this place is for you. It all tastes the same to me... the same strange grill flavor.  I know it's fast food... but... I will not being going back as there are plenty of other options out there. 1 star IMO. Hatch
1	Gross, plain and simple!  I'll crave some quick Chinese Food and then I'm always upset.  What a waste of money!
1	You're not going to Panda for excellent food.  At least for me, you stop here when you don't have much time.   My last visit here a few months ago left a bad taste in my mouth and will never go back.  The entire staff behind the counter were picking apart the customers in Spanish.   I guess I looked Hispanic enough which I am so their comments about me were made after I left.  This is horrible!  Shame on you for making fried rice with brown rice now!
5	One of my favorite Chinese places, surprised by the negative reviews. Always great service and food is great
1	The worst location ever for panda orange chicken is so uncooked never again I couldn't even eat it gave it to my dog surprised he even ate it as bad as it was. If I could give negative five stars I would. It was that bad.
5	After a long boring day i go to panda! Three different entrees were ordered and I must say all of the food came out hot and great!the orange chicken was perfect nice and fresh not too spicy.The rice was crispy and fresh and there was a great rice to veggie portion.The black pepper chicken was nicely prepared not to much pepper. The meals were great and I would recommend this joint to anyone in the mood for Chinese food!Oh And the staff was great. Friendly fast and filled with laughter and smiles. The male staff were all good lookin too; plus for the ladies and the female staff were cute as well; a plus for the men.
5	Honey who works here is AMAZING! She went out of her way to make sure my baby had his own little plate and to follow up with us on how our food was!
4	No line. No wait. Friendly staff. Food was fresh, tasty & proportionate. They were patient with me & my kids & nice. The location is fairly hidden in the plaza which is why no line or wait. Tables were clean. They welcome you when you walk in.
3	Best Panda Express ever. The people here are friendly and the portions are much larger than typical Panda. I wish they were all this good.
3	It is your typical PE.  It taste the same as normal.  I normally don't run into a long time.  Love that they have a drive thur.
3	Just your average Chinese food, I like their main dishes but their rice is always tasteless. Definitely always the last option on my list of places to go. Very quick service though.
