4	I managed to win some money while I was vacationing in Las Vegas, so I decided to go shopping for a new camera while I was in town.I went to a few different camera shops, and ended up purchasing from B&C Camera.This shop is not close to the Strip or downtown, so you will need to get in a car to get there.  It seems to be worth the trip though, as prices are obviously much lower than shopping in a tourist area.In addition, this is truly a camera equipment shop, not a "photo service" shop like they have on the strip.The owner (I think her name is Edda) was very helpful.  She responded to an email I sent within a few hours inquiring about their inventory, saving me the trip in case they didn't have what I was looking for.  When I arrived at the shop, she was friendly and very informative, providing me with some good shopping advice.I know I could have saved a few bucks shopping online, but at least I feel like I got some good advice, and the selection of equipment they had was pretty decent.  She also even threw in a discount on the compact flash card since I was dropping a decent amount of cash on the camera.
5	Great customer service.  They had a lens there that was sold out EVERYWHERE.  The only places that had it in stock were marking it up 2x the retail.  B&C were honest and sold it for the retail price even though no one else was.  Thank you.
4	For the most part, the customer service has been good and for the most part, they know what they're talking about. But if you're looking for "service with a smile" you're more likely to get "service with a facial expression of-- WHAT DO YOU WANT?".I purchased a lens here for my SLR and paid a $10 fee to have my camera looked at since my camera was showing an error message. I docked them a star for the length of time that it took to get my camera back. I dropped my camera off on a Tuesday and was told that I'd get it back Thursday... I actually didn't hear from the technician until a week later and I had to call them several times and practically stalk them.Something else that I found a little bothersome is that they do not have any policies for their purchases, well, except for one... Once you pay for it, there are no refunds or store credit and that is not mentioned any where, sign or on the receipt so if you want to purchase something, be sure that you want it!From what I can tell, I've only purchased ONE lens from them so I'm not exactly sure, their selection seems plentiful and if you need something, they can suggest things spit out some useful information but it always seems as though, they want to get you in and out ASAP so don't expect to stay too long lol.
1	They might as well sell adult toys, that way when they screw you, at least it makes sense.Most unknowledgeable staff ever to work a camera store.  (What's a neutral density filter?)  Upon understanding what I was looking for they offered a Tiffen 3 step for $149; not even in the realm of reasonable. Also in need of a stepping ring, I asked for a 72mm - 77mm.  Was sold the inverse.  The return attempt (next day) was an exercise in futility.  All sales final.  For a $15 purchase.  I can completely understand a reasonable return policy for purchases of significant equipment to avoid 'rental' attempts, but $15?I'm still sore.
4	Well, on my recent trip to Vegas and San Francisco, I made the drastic mistake of leaving both the battery and charger for my D7000 at home...in Chicago. I ended up checking out various, sorry excuses for camera shops on the strip which were price gouging like CRAZY. Most places were asking for $100 for an EN-EL15 battery and $70 for off brand chargers. Ended up here in desperation the day before setting off for the Grand Canyon. Thank God. Not the greatest deals on the planet (everything was MSRP), but I felt relieved knowing that these guys were charging a FAIR price (albeit Nikon expensive) and that I wasn't supporting any sharks on the strip.I was in and out. The gentleman who helped me out was kind and courteous. I have no comment in regards to their knowledge of gear since I didn't really ask 'em anything.
5	I gotta tell you, for a local Las Vegas based camera shop, the folks at B&C really do go out of their way to assist you with all of your needs.  They even recommended a competitor to me when they could not fulfill my order.I have purchased a high end digital slr camera from them as well as a professional grade lens and both times I was never hassled about filters, batteries, extended warranties, etc.  My shopping experience was quite pleasant and they do have quite a huge selection.My only gripe, they don't carry Sigma products.  Bummer!
1	I have been in here about 4 times.  Every time I have asked general questions about photography (yes I have made purchases here also) Every time, I got put off, especially by the Russian(?) chick. Unless you are actively buying something, they are of little use.  Go to a big box store or on-line for the prices rather than here.  They ar no more help than the 'boyz" of Best Buy.
3	I have never had an issue with them.  It helps to know something of what you are looking for or an idea of what you are asking.  I have encountered the high school dim-wit clerk who only uses his camera phone for a camera, but the majority are professionals and know their stuff.They are also not afraid to tell you who else sells it or has what they do not.They are local, don't need to wait while the UPS guy delivers and they are fun to talk with...
3	Friendly staff but some of the things are pricey. Awesome in a pinch if you need something but dont have time to order it online and need it now without the shipping cost.They have a rental service so you dont have to drop a wad of cash for a certain thing you think you'll only need once. Also a great place to test out lenses on your camera before you commit to purchasing one.Knocked off one star due to the 'all sales are final' policy. Are you really going to pressure me into a sale for something i might need just to tell me a few days later you wont take it back??
5	The employees here are excellent. 1, they know what they are talking about and are into photography themselves 2, they work with my budget and my needs to get me the best bang for the buck 3, they never pressure for a sale. The store has excellent stock, offers beginners and advanced photo courses, offers a wide variety of rentals, and is in a relatively central area of town.
5	Excellent Customer Services (Susie)Rented a Lens on my visit, and had a little timing issue returning the equipment - So I send it back via overnight USPS all worked out well - no extra charge for an extra day for the given situation.Thanks you for renting equipment for the folks visiting the area - Suggestion: If possible install a drop box for after hrs.thanks Afaq Imtiaz - Denton TX
5	There was a major issue with a product I got from them. After emailing them in a panic, I received an email back fairly quickly and the next day they were very happy to help rectify the situation. The staff before and after the incident were extremely friendly and really, the communication within all of the staff about the issue I experienced was impressive. Will DEFINITELY be coming back when I am in town. Thanks B&C
3	Very friendly staff, but limited selection of accessories. If you're just looking for a camera or a bag, it's a good stop for you.
2	Always had good service. Guys were helpful and knowledgeable. Then  I sold my old equipment for store credit plus 10% of my total purchase ( I doubled checked) I was thinking it was a good deal. I should have taken the cash. When I returned to purchase a lens I was told that the 10% was already added to my store credit and that's why I got $55 instead of $50 in store credit. How does that make sense? I was disappointed since I had watched a few people get their store credit plus 10% of their purchases. Made me feel like they were falsely advertising their buy back event so that people would spend money at their store.
5	We spent a lot of time researching "the next camera". My husband went into this camera store ...so...many...times....to ask questions. He was always helped and always given proper advice (i am a photographer, he not as understanding). Our sales guy was VERY patient with us. He made recommendations and we went around and around, as we were wavering between a couple different options. After almost 2 hours...we walked out with 2 nice camera sets up for both needs.....I overheard the other lady helping a guy...very informed, willing to work with you...help you get WHAT YOU NEED!! I spent about 700.00 more than I wanted, but I am glad we got what we got!  Their warranty is AMAZING!!! For someone who is a photographer for a job...perfect...when you cannot miss 1 minute of work...It was VERY reasonable!!! VERY! He did not try to over sell us, he did not try to sell us A LOT of products...he just sold us what we needed....I will go here again. They have a huge selection and I loved being able to match up wnat i wanted..so i can be excited to go back and buy more!!!
1	Made my last shopping trip to B&C today, customer service is terrible, I was made to feel I did something wrong by spending $400 the other day on a Spider & Blet and then having to exchange the $31 belt for a $29 belt today because the $31 belt didn't fit. When I ask to just get the $2 refund (I paid cash) they acted as if I had asked for their first born, made excuse after excuse, told me that it would "Look funny if they returned the $31 item and gave me the difference of $2, would look suspicious in their computer"....really? Exactly how is it suspicious to refund me my $2?  I understand the All Sale Final and it makes complete sense on lens, cameras, and other things that people might try to buy and return instead of renting, but the belt had all of the original tags intact and had been purchased 2 days prior.   Their attempt to make it square with me, and not refund my $2, was to give me a cleaning cloth priced $9.95, the beauty of this..... was that she totaled the register and says to me that will be $8.06 ...SERIOUSLY... I just stared at her for a minute, and then told her I am not spending another dime in here, I never wanted the cleaning cloth in the first place, as I have a hundred at home.The other employee in the store (male) says just discount the cloth so that is free.... Ok, so let me get this straight, It looks better in their system to write off a balance of a sellable item then it does to simply give a customer their change??? WOW.  Best part was she could not for the life of her figure out how to make it zero out with tax.  At this point I just told them just forget the $2 and give me the new belt and they can just keep the dang money. It was $2 for gods sakes.At this point the male employee comes over and with a snarky tone says "Just give her the $2 I will take it out of my pocket"....AGAIN SERIOUSLY!!!!  I was treated like I was doing something wrong.  I explained that this would be my last time shopping there, and that I would make my purchases on Amazon or at the trade shows where I am treated with some respect. Just a suggestion B&C, you might want to start training your 20-something employees some customer service skills. $2 just cost you a customer...keep in mind it isn't because of the dollar amount but rather principle and the way I was treated.
3	I'll start with the positive side of the experience - I was here on Saturday afternoon looking for a lens, and the girl who helped me (unsure of her name, she had brown hair) was extremely helpful and patient, especially since I wasn't exactly sure what I was looking for. So as far as that was concerned, great job B&C Camera.However, the down side came from a group of older men gathered in the store. I don't know if they worked there or whatever, but they also didn't really look like regular customers either. Anyway, I guess they were talking about the Winter Olympics, and I distinctly heard one of them refer to the mens' figure skaters as "f*gg*ots", and the other guys laughing.I *really* hope these guys are not employees, because that type of language and behavior is totally unacceptable to me. If they were customers, well fair enough, a business can't always control that type of thing, but again, it also didn't look like these guys were interested in buying anything either. It just looked like they were hanging out.So, a mixed experience overall.
5	Great and knowledgable staff. More than willing to help and spill their knowledge in regards to recommendations that cater to my photography needs. Will definitely recommend this place to friends and come back for future purchases.
4	If you're looking for buying advice or want to have some hands on time with new gear before you make a purchase, B&C is the place to go.  Having been to other camera shops and disappointed in what they (don't) carry, Vegas is lucky to have a store like B&C carry such a large stock of both Canon and Nikon equipment, from consumer to professional grade gear.  They also seem to be expanding their Fujifilm selection, and they carry Leica equipment as well.The staff is always friendly, and helpful depending on what information you need.  Some of them shoot film, others portraits, and others landscapes.  Some know a lot about off camera lighting, while others don't typically use it.  Talk to everybody and you'll get matched with someone that shoots what you want to shoot, and they can help give you advice on what gear would be most helpful.  I've come in dozens of times without purchasing a thing, and I've never felt pressured to, either.  A good time to come in and socialize is Saturdays, where they have coffee and bagels, and encourage getting to know each other.Nowadays, my visits to B&C are mostly to pick up rentals from borrowlenses.com.  Using B&C as a pickup location for rentals is free of charge, and each time I've done this has been easy and fast.  Although I don't make big photography purchases that often anymore, B&C is still a good place to shop.  They always offer manufacturer specials and rebates, so although you can find things cheaper online, B&C can still offer a deal if you want to buy locally.
5	As a professional photographer, I care a lot about my gear, and the customer service that is behind it. Today was one of the best experiences I have had in a camera store. I generally rent lenses from B and C, but I needed to purchase a new gear bag. Mine had become old and weathered from years of use. With all the designs and styles, I wasn't sure which one to choose. The men and women at B and C made me feel right at home. They told me to bring in my gear, so I did just that today. I spent hours in the store, looking over every detail of the bags available. And they have a huge selection. Finally I made a decision. I would equate a new gear bag to a woman shopping for a wedding dress, mixed with a divorce. You want the new one to fit perfectly, but you hate to get rid of the old one. Bitter sweet, yes, but the experience was made much less painful here. Top of the line products, mixed with excellent and knowledgable sales staff makes me give this place 5 stars.
5	B and C camera usually has what I need in this case a Velcro strap to attach to a flash head so I am able to use a diffuser. The staff is always helpful and knowledgeable. And the service is excellent. The prices range from inexpensive to Ultra high end, so there is something for everyone.
