5	Spirit Halloween is a seasonal chain that has been growing every year. They occupy retail space around the country for only a few months out of the year, and leave an empty store for the rest of the year once Halloween is over. When it comes around, it's a real treat. It reminds me of Spencer's (back when they stocked more Halloween crap) but on a much much much larger scale.They carry pretty much anything you could want for Halloween. Whether you're throwing a party or going to one - this is the place to go. You could decorate your entire house here and charge neighborhood kids admission... They have everything from detached eyeballs and styrofoam skulls to elaborate set pieces and animatronic corpses to light machines fog machines and noise makers. It's fun just walking in here to browse.As for costumes - they have the largest variety I've seen at a wide variety of prices. If you're a girl, costume choices are usually all variations on the same theme... Witch Slut, Pirate Slut, Princess Slut, Angel Slut, Superhero Slut, Alice in Wonderland Slut, Schoolgirl Slut and Slutty Cop etc... It's the same story here - you'll find pretty much every costume you can think of here that you'll find at a lingerie store or online... they also have a good assortment of funny costumes and couple's costumes. Ladies, it's also a fantastic place to buy slutty stripper shoes and boots. I love that about Halloween - girls dress in whatever costume makes them look like the biggest whore and guys dress in whatever makes them look like the biggest idiot - the next day, there are no repercussions. It's beautiful.For guys, they have a good variety as well. They carry all the latest relevant stuff - recent movie characters, political figures, etc... They carry old standards as well. It's just the perfect place to shop.Most places don't carry costumes for adults - this is where you want to go if you're looking to buy a costume - even if you're going to make one. They carry all the accessories you could want as well - makeup, blood, and gloop. It's a one-stop-shop. They also carry a very wide assortment of kid's costumes if you're tired of the crap they sell at Target and grocery store chains. It's best to shop here early as it's not the kind of place that's going to keep replacing stock... they have what they have for the most part and when it's gone, I wouldn't count on waiting for it to come back in stock... just pick something else and move on. However, while they are open, they do keep the place pretty well stocked since it's only open for such a short time... they have to do it right.After Halloween is over, this place goes into clearance mode. This is when I like to go. How can you dismiss huge discounts on skanky costumes for roleplay sex? You have to hurry though, because they don't stay open for long after Halloween is over, and once they decide to close you have to wait until next year or else order crap online. At the very least, you could get something good for next year.Pricewise, Spirit is fair. I mean, it's pretty much retail pricing. You can't beat this place in terms of variety and convenience. My only complaints are that it's not open all year round and that the location they have has a window wall that gets a lot of sunlight in the afternoon and it makes it difficult to see sometimes.
5	I went again last night and it appears as though they have fixed the window problem and they've added an area to try on certain costumes. I also wanted to add that they even have costumes for your pets. This place pretty much has it all covered. Since it's getting really close to Halloween, the place is packed and checkout may take awhile. I also noticed that a few costumes weren't in stock anymore - but they still have a huge selection. They already started discounting a few items as well.
3	Beware of size problems in packaged kids costumes, especially those that include tights. My daughter just turned 8. The fairy costume for 8 - 10 just was way too small. I returned it and upsized to age 12 - 14 and the tights still were too small! No problem getting my money back, but no costume.
1	So i went to this location a few weeks ago and when i was just asking questions about costumes/ tshirts the guy gave me attitude and i was even joking with him to get him to laugh but he still was rude. Even checking out i just wanted to make him laugh and still nothing. I was going to let this go until tonite. I went to make a return and they close at 9. I got there at 8:57 and the doors were already locked. When he opened the door o asked if i could do a return and he was very rude and said no we are closed. I have gone to other stores at tempe market place and ive never been turned away. The only reason why i was doing a return so late was because i barely got off work. Im sorry but if ur store closes at 9 then u need to lock ur doors at 9 not 5ml mins til. And they even had one last customer in the store, its not like i was gonna go look around and shop i just wanted to return the items i didnt use. I hope this store doesnt come back next year or if they do, hire some ppl with some damn manners and some customer service experience! I understand you need to clean the store and get it ready for the next day I work retail and we sometimes have ppl inbour store til 20mins after we close be cause we are nice and understand ppl have last min shopping to do. If i get to do my return i will not return to thia store again.
1	Worst customer service, the guy really asked me for my receipt to check my bag because he assumed I was stealing and he felt like an idiot when he didn't find anything
1	Worst costumer service ever. Not only does this company sell low quality material, you have no idea what you are buying because you cannot try things on, if something is ripped the management will not exchange your item.  I tried to exchange gloves after opening them and seeing two very large holes, I tried to exchange the gloves at the nearest spirit store and was treated horribly. The management was cold and condescending. DO NOT SHOP AT SPIRIT. All customer service phone numbers are atomized. All store location numbers are fake. I will never go back to this company. To think, they lost business over exchanging $10 gloves.
