3	It's an Arby's, so no need to go into decor or menu selection and the such.  I eat at several different Arby's though, and this one has its good and bad.  First the good:Food's always been hot, fresh, and delivered quicklly.  More quickly than at most Arby's I go to.  Not sure if I keep lucking out at this location or if everyone notices this, but it's been true on SEVERAL occasions.  Speedy service & nice enough.The bad:The music is horrible crap that my great-grandparents probably listened to growing up, and I'm 40.  Seriously - it's not "classic" by any stretch, not even just "old" - it's downright ancient.  ALWAYS.  They never change it, doesn't matter who's working or when you go.  You won't recognize a single tune unless you're 120 years old, and if that were the case you probably wouldn't remember it anyway.  I love classic rock and even old school Mowtown and the such, but this is beyond anything I've ever heard in a public place.  And it's annoying, especially when you're trying to enjoy a large Beef-n-Cheddar.  I had to literally throw the sandwich down my throat as fast as I could just to try to avoid getting a headache from the awful crooning coming through the cheesy Muzak machine, and even that didn't work.  I'm getting a headache just thinking about it now! It's either the drive-thru or a trip to the Sonic, Wendy's or Jack in the Box right next to this Arby's next time.  I've given them at least a half a dozen chances to change their tunes, but they keep playing it.  No more dining room eating in this location for me!Oh yea - one more bad thing - there's a manager who likes to belittle her staff in front of customers sometimes.  At least I've heard it once or twice, and that's just not cool.  Minus 1/2 for occasional management actions, minus 1 1/2 for being too stupid to play music that is more universally acceptable in a public place.  Who makes that decision anyway?  Rap, Country, Death Metal - there's a reason businesses don't pipe this kind of music through their places.  It's annoying to most people who aren't part of that niche of listeners.  Same goes for anything that was old enough to be recorded on 8-tracks but not popular enough to be recorded onto CD's!You've got good food Arby's Henderson - now get a clue!  Change the music.
3	I love the burgers because they are tasty and very different than every other fast food joint; however they are SO darn expensive.  It cost me 10 bucks to get a good sized burger combo which is insane.  I can get a much cheaper meal at an actual resturant.  I also really love the Arby's sauce and always have.  I wish I could bottle it up and take it home.  Does Arby's sell this stuff in stores because I would consider buying some?  Anyways, food is great, prices are too high...that's about all you need to know.
1	If I could give this place 0 stars, I would. $20 for two combo meals.  10 minute wait for day old fries and sloppy sandwiches. 1 star for the nice night manager who handled my complaint but I won't be back to redeem my fries. Going to taco bell so I can have something to eat for dinner. Don't waste your money here, I won't be back.
