5	I think every game stop is about the same one day you go in it is nice the next it a dump, everyone of them is a hit or a mis just have to keep looking
1	If it was possible to give less than one star I would. My son was so excited to make a stop here the other night to look at games for his new play station. My son happens to be 8 years old. We arrived at the store along with my mother and younger sister. As we approached the store my son grabbed the door. It was locked but all the lights were on and two employees were talking together at the cash register. My son then knocked on the door thinking that maybe something was wrong with the door since the hours sign reflected that the store would be open for another two hours. My son and I looked through the  door and it was at this time that the employees gave us what can only be described as a death stare. This whole event from approaching the door to turning around and leaving took maybe 30 seconds. As we were walking to the car a middle aged Asian man from inside the store walked to the door and motioned for us. We got really excited because we thought wow maybe they are open or that they were going to open the store for us. As we approached the door the man began to threaten to call the police on us if he ever saw us at the store again. Now I understand that we live in a crazy world but I am totally confused as to what he found threatening about three women all under 5'3 and an 8 year old boy. I was beyond insulted and shocked. My son was fairly traumatized to say the least.  I will NEVER go to this store again and since I happen to know a lot of mothers with children who play video games I will make sure to tell them to stay away as well.  It's called customer service and this place doesn't have it.
1	Horrible service and rude employees.  Go to the Game Stop on McDowell, or even Walmart, unless you want to be treated like you are doing them a favor!  I have dropped a lot of money over the years at Game Stop.  We used to have one close by when we lived in Ventura County and they were awesome!  I will never go back to this particular store again, which is a shame since it's closer to my home than the other Game Stop.
1	Like the other reviews this place is a joke. I would not waste my hard earned money here. This place has some of the worst customer service I have ever experienced. Of course all the employees act like they're better than you because they work for a video game store.
