4	I have lived here for 2 1/2 years now and I love this complex.  It's not the newest complex but it is one of the roomiest I have lived in and has everything you need.  A nice sized kitchen with plenty of cupboard space and a pantry.  Our 2 bedroom, 2 bath unit comes with your standard microwave, fridge, stove/oven, dishwasher and a washer and dryer in every unit in your laundry room in every patio.  The floor plans are large and both bedrooms are about the same size where we have a king bedroom set with plenty of room to walk around.  There are ceiling fans/light in both bedrooms and the living room.  The dining room is large where you can have a table of 6 with no problem.  Each bedroom has a patio which is really nice.  With plenty of shady trees all around the apts stay nice & cool which means a reasonable power bill in the Summertime.  The staff here are great.  If you need something fixed they are right on top of it and are very professional.  The pool areas are nice, clean and have water & soda vending machines and a charcoal BBQ are if you want to get your grill on.  There is a tennis court and indoor gym that you can use which is nice and being right by Kiwanis Park and a bike/jogging path is convenient too.La Estancia has plenty of restaurants and fast food places very close by with a lot more options on delivery service.  If you need to grocery shop you have an Albertson's less than a mile away and a Fry's aprx. 2 miles away.  You also have a Super Wal-Mart, Costco, Target, Lowes & Home Depot all within a 5 minute drive.If I have one complaint is the parking stinks.  We have one assigned spot all the way out by the street near the driveway.  My wife and I park in unassigned parking spots which are a lot closer to our apt.  There are times where there are no places to park in the unassigned spots but plenty of empty covered parking which is assigned but never used due to vacancy I believe?  I even asked if they can assign us a closer spot (I have knee problems and walk with a cane) and they said no.  Come on guys, you can do better than that.  Honestly, if you did away with the assigned parking and it was first come first serve, I don't think anyone would complain.La Estancia is great on keeping the complex clean and it is pet friendly.  Heck they even have pooper bags in dispensers in various areas to pick up after your animal which I thought was cool.  I would definitely recommend my friends to move in if they are looking for a place to live.  I'm not leaving anytime soon and am very happy to live here.
4	I lived here for a year and it was great for what I needed. My apartment was an older model but it was alright. The ceiling has leaks, shower head leaks and toilets are very slow to flush. All livable things. One thing I really liked was how quiet it is and how most everyone keeps to themselves. The parking is a nightmare though...very hard to find spots that are uncovered because covered are assigned. The staff at the apartment complex are a little bit snippy but on good days they can be very nice. It's confusing!
4	I've had a very positive experience here and wanted to share:I am coming up on my one year at La Estancia. When I was looking I went to a ton of places and stuck with La Estancia and haven't regretted it.Location- great location, close to Fresh and Easy and albertsons, the park, golf course, canal trail, and a quick drive to shopping/freeways. It's tucked away off the main road so it is quiet and across from a police station making it feel even safer.Other Tenants- all my neighbors have been friendly and reasonably quiet. A lot of kids live here but I wouldn't know it if I didn't go to work the same time the school bus comes. They are so quiet! No loud parties since I've been here either.Outside- recently the painting was redone and it looks good. There are covered spots for tenants and guest parking too. I have never had an issue finding parking for our second car in our lot. There are a couple pools, a tennis court, and plenty of trees. Inside- I live in a one bedroom. It is an open floor plan with plenty of space! The closet in the bedroom is amazing. I wish I had enough stuff to fill it. The kitchen has a large pantry and lots of storage space. Every place I look at now looks so small because it is very open and the rooms are big. The appliances aren't bad. Sometimes my dishwasher gets stuck but I don't use it much so I've never asked to get it fixed. The washer and dryer are newer and I've never had any issues. I've seen some of the re-done units and they look great too! Mine isn't one of the most recently updated ones and it is still perfect. There are two ceiling fans which is nice because I don have to use my AC as much.Staff- the first time I came to the office after my visit I was shocked the women remembered me! They were nice, friendly and made me feel valued. I ask a lot of questions and know I can be a pest but they are always helpful. I usually go into the office right as they are closing too because of my work hours but they are still kind and help me. I've never needed to call maintenance but each time something has been redone or painted I got a notice well in advance. A couple times the water has had to get shut off but there is always significant notice on that too.Cost- I pay a little over $700 before utilities. It was more reasonable, bigger, and felt safer than all the other $700+ places I looked at.Downsides- I don't have much to say. I'm lazy so I wish there was a dumpster closer to my apartment. Where they have them makes sense though so you can't smell them. The gym is small and I've never got to use it because it is only open when the office is, conveniently my work hours. However, I don't think it was like that until someone abused the privilege. There are gyms nearby and the canal/park literally right next to it though so there are other workout options. A bunch of little beetles kept crawling through a crack somewhere in my kitchen during the fall. No harm though and it didn't last long. No roaches or scorpions ever spotted.
