4	Steaks are excellent, had exquisite wine pairings with our 3 course meal.  We thought everything was up to snuff.  The only drawback is the cost but for a once in a while romantic splurging special occasion (and you do only have that amazing anniversary that one time but that creative 29th birthday is over & over & over!!!!!)  The location is in the Sunset Station Hotel which is ok but if you overindulge you can always do the affordable local special or for out of towners, stay frugally during the week Sun-Thursday.
5	What an awesome experience! This was the first time my hubby and I had some real money to spend and we decided to treat ourselves to a high-class restaurant. We were not dissapointed. All of the food was EXCUISITE, the service very fast, quiet and professional, the setting very high-class and very pretty. If your ready to spend a little more money to get the best of the best, this is definitely one of the best places to do it!
4	After two weeks on business in Henderson, you start to realize that your options for dinner after 9pm are limited.  I had a couple of hours to kill one night while running errands, so I decided to give Sonoma Cellar a try.It's a bit nerve wracking driving around Henderson at night when you have no clue where you are going, but I soon came across Sunset Station.  A short walk through the casino, which is kinda homey actually, and I had arrived.I was so excited when I saw the menu.  Yes, I will have that La Crema pinot noir for a reasonable price!  And also the fried Japanese peppers, oh how I love them.  They arrived in a huge basket.  So delicious, but I couldn't even make a dent.  Definitely a good choice for a group appetizer.I ordered the filet for dinner.  I was happy to see that there were a variety of sauces available to go with it.  I chose the cilantro sauce and it was very tasty.  I also had some cheesy potatoes, also way too much for one, a good dish to share.All in all, the food was very good and the service was just right.  I was kind of surprised that such a cozy, romantic place would be located in Sunset Station, but this is a great choice for a nice evening out.
5	We went to Sonoma Cellar last night and as usual, it did not disappoint. I've been there about five times now and I love it. I had the petite filet done perfectly medium. It melted in my mouth. Probably one of the best filets I've ever had. My husband ordered the porterhouse. It was huge and he enjoyed it. We also ordered the white cheddar and truffle mac and cheese, garlic mashed potatoes and the asparagus grilled in aged balsamic. Everything was PERFECT. Our server Israel was unbelievably nice, attentive and very knowledgeable. He recommended our second bottle of wine -- an Argentinian malbec. It was fabulous. I'll be back soon!!!
5	Six of us had a birthday dinner here and it was superb.5 of us chose the 3 course dinner special for $35.  Great value as you chose an appetizer/salad, entree, and desert.  This special is only available Sun-Thurs.   If you want sides with your entree, you will pay extra which is common in high end steak places.  I also chose the 3 wine paring which was only $15 for 3-2oz flights of wine.  Excellent.Steaks were great, as was the lobster/scampi  comb that was the special of the day (but not a choice for the 3 course meal).I tried the Japanese fried peppers as mentioned by a prior reviewer, and everyone loved them.Also had Isreal as our server - just awesome.We'll definitely come back here for special occasions.
5	Price: $120 for two people which includes drinks, starter salad, entrees, a side, and dessert. I thought the price was very reasonable for the amount of food we got and the quality was excellent. My fiance and I both got steaks and they were DELICIOUS!! Dessert: I really recomment the caramel cheesecake!! Way better than normal cheesecake and a portion size that you can actually finish. The service was wonderful, it was a romantic atmosphere, so overall it was a wonderful date night. I definitely recommend this place and you'll see me dining here frequently!
5	Went for a business dinner and was able to sample many of the side dishes.The atmosphere is nice. Great for a romantic dinner but not too over the top that you can't go for a business meeting.The servers are top notch, attentive,  very knowledgeable of the menu and ready with suggestions.I had the Rib Eye and the special lobster chowder, both were wonderful.  Also sampled the potatoes au gratin (sinful), the garlic mashed potatoes (I like homestyle mashed potatoes and these definitely fit the bill), grilled asparagus (delicious, especially with hollandaise), and steamed spinach.  The bacon wrapped shrimp was perfectly executed, crisp bacon and tender succulent shrimp.For dessert the table split the NY cheesecake, caramel cheesecake, ice cream and chocolate brownie, and creme brulee.  My only complaint was that I ordered my steak rare and was given a medium steak.  Apparently they gave mine to one of my dining partners (sort of understandable since 5 of us ordered the rib eye, but in a restaurant of this caliber, you'd think they'd be able to keep the orders straight).For a special occassion meal, I would definitely recommend Sonoma Cellar. (I heard that they are bringing back the three course menu, so it may be sooner that I get to go back.
2	2 Bad steaks at one table, side's were Meh.
2	Awful service!!!! Our servers walked by us many times and didn't even bat an eyelash. Served everyone even if they sat after us.  Apparently someone was more important at the next table because they had servers just standing around and chatting with them.  And while they asked for extra sauce (The waiter even offered to go to the nearby Chinese restaurant to get the sweet and sour sauce) we were still waiting for our meal.  And by the time we got our steaks, they were noticeably dry.  The sides weren't all that.  Not only were they bland, the cream corn was so hot that I burned my mouth and didn't get to fully enjoy my meal.  Eating at an upscale steakhouse at Sunset Station is already random, but the experience wasn't even worth it.
5	The hostess greeted us as we entered for our reservation (from Opentable. com) and promptly led us to a table. I'm in a wheelchair and they had placed us in a very accessible yet private area. The decor here is beautiful. I believe that it alone is a stress reliever. The Wait Staff folks are knowledgeable, competent, quick, and friendly. Our food was superb. The different flavors were brought together perfectly. Each item was served at the proper temperature in an eye appealing manor. My Wife and I had a very relaxing and stress less evening. We lingered over coffee and dessert. We went home satisfied and calm. In my opinion this is not a place I would bring children.
2	We started off with a breadbasket and shared a very good Caesar salad. This restaurant, like most of the Station Casino steakhouses, currently offers a $14.99 prime rib special that, in this case, included garlic mashed potatoes and broccoli.  Our animal protein, weighing is at close to a pound, was cooked medium rare as requested, but the quality was somewhat south of prime.  Justin, our server, was light-hearted while maintaining a professional level of competence.  Overall the meal was satisfying and represented a good value.
1	Horrible service, 30 minutes to get dry steaks and it was not even crowded in the restaurant! What a waste of money to dine here! Trust me people do not waste your time or money at Sonoma unless you want your night ruined
4	Food was excellent and service was just right for a high-tier restaurant. Steaks were cooked to order perfectly but one was kinda grizzelly. Lobster was delicious. The creamed corn is perfect and to die for. A little pricey for a steakhouse, but definately a recommend for a fine dinner party or a small private business meeting. Nice ambiance.
5	Everyone at our table had nothing but good reviews for this restaurant.  The steak was juicy, tender and perfectly prepared even though we all like our steaks done differently.  Raw oysters (Fanny Bay, my favorite) were extremely fresh. The lobster tail was small but tender and very, very good.   Drinks are a bit pricy but my Cosmo was awesome!  Our sides were very well prepared also. The baked potato is gigantic so think about splitting it.  Service was prompt, friendly and professional. The surroundings are classy, and very attractive.  No one in our party could find anything wrong with this restuarant and we are definitely coming back.I booked this reservation for 5 through OPEN TABLE and received a confirmation via e-mail.  The restaurant had no such reservation but seated us anyway.  Not sure what happened here.
5	Great lobster and steak special. Check the station website for deals. The head basket was heavenly and our waiter was great.
5	Outstanding service :-) Israel's awesome...
1	I was very exited to try Sonoma for the first time only to be left in disappointment. Last night I was in a groups of 6 we ordered the bacon wrapped shrimp appetizer. It was actually very good, just rather small. Then I order the surf and turf special and my GF orders the top Sirloin. I ordered my food med rare and she orders hers med well. It took 53 minutes from completing our order to having it on the table in front of us. After it arrive my steak an lobster were both cool, a littler cooler than room temp as was my GF's steak. It is very disappointing to go to a self proclaimed high end steak house and be served food with the quality of Applebee's. I hope this was just a bad experience. As a whole the group was disappointed and I will never eat there again.
4	The atmosphere is comfortable and quiet. My husband and I wanted a steak dinner but didn't want to pay $200+.  Though we love Hanks, it is too expensive for us.  We didn't want to eat at a noisy chain or a barbecue place, so we gave this a try and it was lovely. We enjoyed an excellent  New York Strip and Filet Mignon.  The garlic mashed potatoes were good. One tip: split the sides.  They are huge. Polite service also.
2	About 6 years ago, I tried this restaurant and was impressed with the food quality and affordable prices. Back then, you could order a rib eye , or filet  mignon for about $10-$15 cheaper than you could on the strip. Like many hardworking people here in Las Vegas, the economy has forced me to order # 1's at McDonald's now instead of eating at high-end steak houses. I was so happy when I saw this place advertising a prime rib dinner special for $12.99.  After calling to confirm the special price,  we made reservations and even got dressed up for the occasion. We ordered 3 prime rib specials ( 2 medium, and 1 medium well). They all came out underdone and almost cold in the center. Are you kidding me? Medium and medium well to me is not blood rare (almost blue). My wife sent hers back, while I chose to eat around the outside of my prime rib. However, not everything was disgusting as the prime rib specials. The chopped salad was a nice appetizer with a perfect blend of cheese, bacon, and dressing. The best side dish was the sonoma potatoes which were fried and sauteed with onions. To their credit, they ended up not charging us for 2 of the prime rib dinners. Good thing they did, or this would have been a 1 star rating. I am so disappointed! Oh well, back to McDonald's.
2	We always wanted to try this place out so we figured why not today. The ambiance is very nice and was actually pretty surprised when I walked in. We were greeted by a number of folks and was presented with warm bread.For a steakhouse they're fairly cheap but you do get what you pay for. I ordered the aged prime ribeye (med-rare) and she got the chicken. We also had a side of mac and cheese and the lump crab cake. The Mac and cheese and the lump crab cake were extremely good. Too bad it ended there. My ribeye was cooked a little on the rarer side and was rested for too long. By the time it arrived it was on the cool-warm side. The chicken dish she ordered tasted pretty bad. It was cooked fine and might be a personal preference but it did not taste good at all. We didn't really want to spend any more money here and their desserts weren't anything special. For the amount of money we paid, I would have preferred something much better as in Lawry's or a steakhouse on the strip. I probably would have been happier eating a bowl of cereal at home. 3/10 Mac n cheese is pretty good
4	The service and quality of food continue to be outstanding. The flash fried peppers and lump crabmeat are great apps and the meats are high quality cooked to perfection. The wine list is decent but expect to pay close to 300% mark up if not more for the bottles. Unfortunately they scrapped the draft beer which is always a sad move especially for a steakhouse. Overall, the fantastic food with the kind and attentive service makes the cellar a great place to have a wonderful dining experience.
4	Food and Service very good. Can improve on the lighting of the place. Too dark. I understand the private environment they want to create but when you go on Business, darkness and candlelight are not good. Enjoy!
4	I consider Sonoma Cellar a "bargain" because its food can stand up to great steakhouses, but the prices don't.  I'm not saying it's the equivalent of Cut or Carnevino, because it's not, but Sonoma is excellent.To start, we usually get the crabcakes and tomato soup.  With the soup, you get a nice little grilled cheese sandwich that I would be fine ordering for a meal at other places.  The crabcakes are large and full of crab meat, not as much filler as you see elsewhere.  Shrimp cocktail is also a winner, large and the sauce has good horseradish flavor.The steaks are excellent, and we've not had an issue with cooking temperature.  We usually get a steamed lobster, which is standard.  It's cooked well and served with drawn butter.  No complaints here, but it's also not anywhere near the best lobster we've had.Once, we took friends from Dallas, and one of them ordered the pork T-bone.  This was fantastic, but I won't ever be able to not order the ribeye.Last time we dined here, we had a group of 6.  The server gave us tasters of bottles of wine before we ordered them.  We ended up ordering quite a bit of wine, so clearly the strategy worked, but it was a nice touch.  The service is always fantastic.  It's an excellent experience and we will definitely be back.
3	DO NOT ORDER LOBSTER!!!!   For the most part, this restaurant is pretty good.   We usually order steaks, or prime rib, and get high quality pieces of meat.   On two different occasions,  we ordered lobster and it was pure GARBAGE . . . .  stringy, spongy, and slimy!   We should have known better after the first experience with it but, after all, a restaurant is entitled to a "bad night" once in a while.   With them, this low quality lobster must be the norm!   I've eaten better at Sizzler!
4	seems i find my self here at least every other month for dinner and its consistently good food and great service.normally all about the porterhouse but went with the grilled sea bass last night and it was fantastic( i hate fish by the way) light, flaky non fishy and cooked to perfection!make sure you try the crab cakes and the bacon wrapped shrimp!!! and with a little luck they will bring back the lump crab cocktail and the flowerless chocolate cake!!!
5	We really enjoy coming here. Our waitress Poom is so cordial and attentive with us!!Thank you!!
3	This won't be pretty but let's get it over with. Someone in the house was craving a good dinner and the steak and lobster tail billboard along the 95 kept catching her attention. So tonight she offered to take us all out for dinner...and hey, I'm not going to say no to that. In hindsight....I kinda wish I had. So with the backstory set...let's just do this one list style. The Good: Good parking. It's Sunset Station and they've got lots of parking.Nice lighting and decor. Bacon wrapped jumbo shrimp appetizers. Visually they had the wow factor but they didn't taste as good as they looked. They put up with a 3 and 6 year old and made accommodations to get them Lobster Mac from the Pasta house next door. The Lobster tail was average, but undercooked which is a nice lead in to.....The Bad & Ugly: Don't look up. The vents are nasty. Yes, they make extension handles to get a duster up there. Surely Station Casinos can afford an extension handle and someone to use it every once in a while. The bacon wrapped jumbo shrimp while good had bacon that was almost burned. There's a fine line between extra crispy and just flat out burned and they flirted with it....hard. It's a Double Tall Grey Goose with Cranberry please. Not a single and that cranberry juice was definitely not fresh. Listen to the pretty woman giving you her order and get it right please. Was that Caesar Salad or wilted soggy salad?I was not in the mood to have my steak moo at me tonight so I asked for medium well. I did not say make it taste like charcoal. They burned my steak. Was this amateur chef night on the grill? I'm thinking it was. Slow service. For Pete's sake at this price point you can't refill water or other beverages on the table? And why in the world did it take so long to take our order and get our food? Oh wait, it was amateur night in the kitchen, and after trying to make it right someone must have said screw this, just get it to 160 degrees and send the dang thing out. That's gotta be the explanation. I was not with my normal group of people so I stayed calm and quiet, didn't send the steak back, didn't complain, and our group left a good tip...but it was not easy. At this price point I expect a certain basic level of performance. I left disappointed, so much so that I saw a guy looking at the menu at the door on my way out and I told him you really don't want to do this. He walked away...kinda wish I had too. 3 Stars...I was going to rate it a 2 but they took care of our kids without attitude and that gets a star on it's own.If they could fix a few things I would like to go back and give them another try because I have to admit problems or not I wanted to like this place.
4	The place aspires to be a fine restaurant...and really, it's just about there.  The steaks are very nice and represent a very good value.  If it was twice the price (like many are) I would have given it one less star...because it just does not fall into the "OMG that was insanely great" category.  In short, I'd be pleased to eat here any time.
5	This place is a hidden Jem in Henderson. The best bacon wrapped shrimp and we love the peppers.  It has an wine wist better then most strip hotels and far better service!
4	I dined here with my friends at the end of June prior to going to the Elvis Monroe show at the Madrid. Honestly...I love, love a great steakhouse and have been to many in this town and all over the US, and this place was average. However, what made our experience great was the service. Poom our server was AMAZING! She really made our dinner incredible, not only with her suggestions, but with her attention to detail, her friendliness and her sense of humor. We didn't try anything that was on the regular menu, we actually tried the specials that Poom suggested. We will return for the next Elvis Monroe show at the Madrid and give Sonoma Cellar another try. Definitely requesting Poom as our server. I'll be back with the next review. :)Cheers!
4	My husband and I decided to try this place out for a date night.We started with the bacon wrapped shrimp and flash fried peppers.....very good.....you can put those peppers on anything!!!We had a salad next...nothing super special but good!I had the steak and lobster special I saw on the sign....perfect portion for me....I actually had some left.My husband got the filet oscar style.....steaks were cooked perfectly and tasted great.We ordered green beans and baked potato and didn't touch it because we were so full!We did however save room for table side bananas foster....great presentation!Our waiter was great as well.....Oh forgot to mention we ordered a bottle of Sonoma Cutrer (one of my fave chards) very reasonably priced...we will be back!
5	One of the best! Service is outstanding food is delicious! The banana fosters is to die for ! Drive from Aleinte is with it !  Try the liquid gold desert wine!  Mark O always out does himself with the great hospitality and his crew is above all!
1	I liked this place and gave it good review last year.  Their  featured Thanksgiving menu looked interesting but it was terrible.  The food was cold and had to be sent back twice for reheating.  The desert was yucky and ugly.  The waiter didn't seem surprised that the dishes were barely touched.  What makes it all the more galling is that the meal was $35 per person and we left hungry.  Horrible.  We expressed our dissatisfaction to the manager and he said nothing.  Happy Thanksgiving---Not.
3	The place is beatiful, the food was ok, nothing spectacular...  The service was SLOW!!!!!  we all got rather irritated over how long it took to get our food, and we all ordered the same thing, the steak and lobster, we must have waited almost 30 min... I doubt i will be returning.
4	I usually get a filet with traditional sides when we come to this locals steakhouse and they always deliver. However, we had an impromptu dinner one weekday evening when the Oyster Bar had a very long wait. I was craving seafood so I ordered a bowl of shrimp cocktail as a starter and lobster bisque and scallops for my entree...both were excellent! The table shared sides of creamed corn and asparagus both of which were perfectly prepared and delicious. I highly recommend this somewhat less well known steakhouse.
5	My husband and I love this place!  Great Vegas steakhouse without being "Vegas!"  We love how easy it is to navigate the Sunset Casino.  The decor is warm and comfortable.  The crab cakes are awesome and I'm from Maryland, so that says a lot.  Most people love the bacon wrapped shrimp and they look beautiful but I can't cheese.  Maybe I can get them to make me some without cheese?  Hmmm, that's a thought!  The steaks are great!  The lobster is also great!  The Bananas Foster is Sinful!  (Oh No, I'm craving Sonoma Cellar!)The service is great but Brian is outstanding.  He's knowledgeable, fun and takes the best care of us!  Hope we make it back in soon!
1	Our family has come here for the last 15+ years. We came on Christmas for dinner. Didn't get in until 8 pm. No food until 10pm- some items sold out. Fine.. Grandma wanted to come for her birthday so we gave them another chance. Her potato was ROTTEN. One side forgotten, one meal undercooked, etc. Place has gone down hill. Never going back.
3	We go to Sonoma Cellar because it is close.  It is not nearly as good as Anthony's at the M but location wise it is easier. Jason the waiter is phenomenal. Atmosphere is fine, fairly quiet, nice sized booths.  They seem to cater to the gamblers, which we are not.  It is not smoky inside the restaurant but horrible getting in and out of the casino to get to it.  Food is good, not great. Presentation again is good not great.  For a decent steak close to home, we like it. Prices are that of a high end steakhouse.
4	What an amazing surprise this place is. Made reservations and was asked if we were celebrating anything special. Told her it was our anniversary and when we arrived the hostess, waitress and servers all wished us a happy anniversary. The ambiance is fantastic with archways, stone facades and beautiful light fixtures. The service was impeccable from the suggestions of our waitress (the bacon wrapped shrimp was outstanding) to our water glasses never being more than half empty I can wholeheartedly recommend Sonoma Cellar. They even brought out a slice of incredibly delicious chocolate cake to help us celebrate!
1	Ate dinner there last Saturday night.  Place was nearly empty at 9pm. Not a good sign.  I ordered the caprese salad - two thin FROZEN slices of tomato with firm mozza on top.  A little vinegar on top.  That's it.  One of our party bit into his steak and found an  1 1/2 piece of bent metal (part of a paperclip??) in his mouth.  The chef came out, apologized, and offered to cook a new steak.  Security came right away to take a report, but chef had already thrown the steak and metal away in the garbage.  One would think he would save it to show his meat vendor or something/someone.  Unbelievable.  Oh - they graciously offered to take the steak with the metal off the bill - how NICE!!! We should be so grateful!!!  Please......
3	We went here for the first time last night. Supposed to be 3 of us, but one of the group felt ill at the casino, so we drove him home and came back.We were greeted by two hostesses. Both very professional and great attitudes. I believe the names were Christina and Jessica? Anyways, if I were just talking about them they would get a 5 star review. They couldn't have been better. But then we were sat.Our server Brian seemed more interested in anything but being at work. The best way to describe his service would be what you would imagine you would get if you grabbed a server out of a greasy spoon dive diner, and then told him to wait on tables here. We were shocked out how non-caring, how inattentive, how 'going through the motions' he was. At one point he asked one of us if he wanted another drink. Well no, since the current drink was still more than half full. While we were talking to each other how we would expect such good service (especially since several reviews talk about Brian's merits) and it never was there. Then at the table across from us, there was a female Asian server that was superb. she described things the right way, with elegance and class. She seemed to belong in a higher class restaurant.The Oysters Rockefeller was dried out, and a big pile of breading over the tp. Not worth it, very dry. I think this is how they make them, but it is not a good dish.The steaks were good but overpriced. I'd say Carve at Eastside Cannery is much better. You get a salad and sides for less with classier service.Would not go back. I would have given two stars but the two hostesses were better than expected.
5	Steak night last Saturday at Sonoma. We are frequent customers at Sonoma and will keep going.  Great filet and big fans of the mac and cheese. I can always count on Great food and great service. Keep up the good work!
3	Thursday night I went to dinner with a friend in the Sonoma Steakhouse. The Steakhouse was nearly empty at 7:30 when we were seated. Francisco, the waiter was attentive to detail and the food was good. My petite filet mignon was top quality, but the Caesar's salad seemed like it had been made several hours earlier. All in all, the dining experience was above average and the atmosphere was intimate and classy.
3	The service was stellar and the ambiance was impeccable. However; I must have ordered all the wrong things because from what I am reading, I completely missed out. I ordered the chicken, and it was tough, the breading was thick and over-fried. The center of my twice baked potato was cold, we had waited long enough for our order that I did not send it back. The asparagus was soft as though it had been forgotten in the steamer. Regardless, the service was excellent and I know we will eat there again, I will just order something different.
4	Had the pleasure of randomly trying this place last night. Upon walking in we were greeted by two very nice girl that then showed us immediately to a table. I was happy not to wait at that point since I was starving. Keith the servers assistant was prompt ad immediate with service and honestly made the experience. Every patron at the restaurant you could tell love this guys service and attentive mind set. He was never anything but a step ahead of the game. So kudos to Keith. Eric out server was good but not overly attentive for a nicer establishment. He could pick up his personality a little bit and be an all star, he just seemed a little off beat and not to willing to go above and beyond like Keith was. The food!!!! I got the brick chicken , she got a New York strip. Both were great, chicken lacked and it's accompanying suave lacked distinction as was more like something I would put on a sandwich, the breading was perfect and even but just lacked any true flavor.The New York strip was done perfectly medium rare. Melted in your mouth and was just honestly a great steak. The sides were great but I will mention the twice baked potato as the all star. That was done perfectly and seasoned impeccably. Well done.So I will return and get a steak, the food took over a half hour to come out but we were in no rush, I suppose if we were then this would of gone to 3 stars.
3	A friend told us about the $29.99 filet and lobster special so we decided to give it a try. I am a huge fan of Hanks at GVR so it was hard for me not to compare the two. For a Friday night at 7 PM this place was dead, very few tables were occupied. Even with so many open tables we were seated where the other few customers were seated, a big pet peeve of mine. The room is pretty dark with low lighting, I liked the ambiance. The assistant brought bread and filled the water glasses promptly but we waited quite a while for our waiter, Robert. When he did finally arrive we was very unenthusiastic. He went over some specials and left. Again it was quite a bit of a wait until he returned. From reading previous reviews it seems that this is the norm for the waiters here (completely opposite of the service at Hanks)We ordered the filet and lobster special and a few sides. I thought the filet was cooked very well (medium rare) and the lobster was a pretty decent size and cooked well also. A minor detail but they did not offer to remove it from the shell, which they do at most steak houses. The creamed corn was excellent as well as the garlic mashed. Now, for the "Mac and cheese". This was a big disappointment. It was not "mac" but "rigatoni and cheese".  Very odd, just rigatoni and very little cheese sauce, almost dry. We did not care for it at all.My wine glass was empty for quite a while before I was asked If I wanted another. This is another small detail but small details can really make a difference, especially when you are paying these prices. Overall I thought the food and ambiance were very good. They just need to up the service. I think the staff at Hanks could teach them a few things. I don't think we will return.
2	I must have gone on a BAD night because our experience was horrible. My daughter and others told us how fantastic it was and I do not question their views but I seriously doubt that there will be a return visit any time soon. We were seated right away but then sat for at least 10 minutes without anyone coming by. Eventually the busboy came by with water. When the waiter showed up we ordered our drinks and received them from the busboy in short time. We asked for a couple of minutes before ordering. The waiter annoyingly showed up within 2 or 3 minutes. We gave him our order and he kept insisting upon lobster tail and lobster bisque. We wanted steak and oysters but he kept trying to get us to take the lobster. He finally gave up and returned moments later with a bowl of assorted hard/cold bread. NO kidding, what a joke! I got served a chopped salad but my GF did not get hers. FORTY FIVE minutes into this whole deal, we decided that enough was enough. We were going to pay for what we had and leave without receiving my steak and her salad & oysters. Just then. the server showed up with our food and we decided to stay.  My filet was overcooked and worse yet, the oysters were frozen, completely encased in ice like an oyster popsicle. We showed the waiter and he cracked a joke like he could thaw them out in the microwave. He went and talked to the chef who's reply was that oysters must remain cold. I was so pissed that I figured it was not worth creating a scene and paid over $80. for food that was not as good as McDonalds. BTW, there was another couple next to us and they were not any more happy than we were.My kids hardly believed what we told them. They were totally surprised and said that they had never had a bad meal in there. Just my luck, I guess.
5	The best service and food so far since moving to NV. Food allergy friendly.  See Tony the bartender or Britt the chef. Food and service is incredible.
5	This fine restaurant was a delightful surprise.  On my very first visit creamy Washington Oysters on the Half Shelf and Bacon-Wrapped Shrimp with ultra-mild and sweet Dijon Marmalade and Field Onions were very tasty appetizers. A crock of Onion Soup Gratinee was very good and cheesy.  And a Steakhouse Chopped Salad with Bleu Cheese Dressing and a little bacon was excellent and refreshing.  My 8 oz.Filet Mignon was buttery and further enhanced by Mushroom Gravy and Bearnaise Sauce.  A Sauteed Mushroom Medley of Shitake and Button Mushrooms, and rich and luscious disc-shaped Gratinee Potatoes were perfect accompaniments.  And Bananas Foster flambeed tableside was a delicious dessert to provide a dramatic finish to our dinner.  Water glasses were regularly refilled, and service was otherwise excellent in all respects.  Comfortable booth seating in a richly decorated dining room contributed to a sophisticated yet casual ambiance.
3	Decided to try Sonoma Cellar as I had a $25.00 discount coupon. Over priced for the quality or should i say lack of quality. The sea bass was an excellent size and the taste would have been great except everything we ordered was too salty. This included the lobster tail and all side dishes. Does the chef own a salt mine ? The young lady asked if we had reservation. With the place nearly empty at 6PM on a Saturday who needs reservations ? I asked for a booth but was directed to a table. For $10.00 I'm sure I could have secured the table of my choice. if you are visiting from East No Where, AK . and think Applebees or Outback are great restaurants you'll love this place. My favorite restaurant here in Las Vegas is THE PALM in Caesars Place. You will pay twice as much but the food is 3 times better.
5	I don't know where to start with this review. I have been eating at the steak houses with stations as well as other local spots. I ate at the charcoal room a few time's since opening at the palace station.  The food is great. But my boyfriend and I went for service. Diego, was new to stations with charcoal room and it's no surprise that he was picked. I have been in the business as well as Jason. The management style that he possess is unique. The room has a vibe, it's noticeable in many ways. I will continue to visit here just bc Diego, makes the comfort of dinner worth it. The bar tender Tony, is old school. Great Guy To Talk With. Jason, and Diego,talked about wine and I couldn't believe how stumped jason became. It was great.  Thanks Diego. Can't wait to come back here.
5	Love the food and great serviceFavorite romantic spot for date night, favorite special occasion restaurant, etc
5	Another great visit to Sonoma Cellar!  Steak and Lobster dinner is fantastic!   Service is stellar and Brian V. is the best!  Can't wait to visit again soon!  Thanks for a great experience and dinner!
5	I LOVE this place! The food is amazing and always cooked perfectly. The place has a very old elegant feeling to it; laid back with a friendly "stay awhile"  atmosphere yet gourmet at the same time. Most Las Vegas steak houses have that spend all your money and get out rush, but this place allows you to relax and refuel before hitting the tables or going back to your room for the night. Brian Valentine is an incredible server! He knows the menu and wine list so well. His ability to pair you with the perfect wine is pretty impressive. Be sure to save room for dessert! His banana foster is to die for.
5	Every time we come in we ALWAYS ask for Brian. His outgoing personality and great recommendations always leave us happy and full ;-)
4	I've always wanted to go to Sonoma Cellar.  Ever  since it 1st opened. We finally went for our anniversary!  Funny thing is, INTERESTINgS things happen there. Like our wedding song came on when right after we were seated.  Then after our meal they brought us a happy anniversary cake. Yet, we did not tell anyone it was our anniversary. Except another couple before we were seated. Although, my blackened salmon was very good. It's the little things like this that make it memorable.
