5	Most of the Hawaiian BBQ places I have tried have awful Kahlua pork but this restaurant's Kahlua pork is so tender it melts in your mouth. The owners are very nice, what a bonus. Please try this place, you won't be disappointed.
5	This place just opened and is amazing. The owners are super friendly, the portions are very generous and the prices are great. The Kaluah Pork was the family favorite for us! It was wonderfully seasoned and very tender. We will definitely be visiting there again. We had a great lunch experience!
5	I was invited to the Grand Pre opening the other day and holy PORK. The Kahlua pork was smokey, tender and juicy. (they leave some fat on it to ensure the juicy had that and a scoop of white rice and potato salad. The rice was nice and light not too fluffy or too clumpy!The tater salad was great, they add a little cilantro and man does it work!I cannot wait to try some other dishes. They still serve the donut in the AM. Rainbow Donuts are 10x better then Dunkin! ANDThey still serve some of Bobby C's dishes like, Fried Bologna, green chili burritos and Ninja bowls. Come stop by and tell em Daren Suggested it...maybe you'll get a free donut?
4	Service was fantabulous food was delicious really enjoyed will be back :)
5	I have to echo Daren's words in regards to the pork. Good lord, that was tender and delicious! I'm normally not even a big fan of pork products, but this place may change me.Also, the two owners are from Hawaii and give their dishes a very home-cooked feel, as if I was dining in their own home. Definitely recommend going out of your way to eat here; and if you're close by, there's no reason you shouldn't stop in for lunch!
5	I crave the Kailua Pork every day... i mean every day.Ice Tea kicks ass too.Great spot.
4	Decided to try this place for the firs time.The best teriyaki chicken I've ever had! it had so much flavor and wasn't sweet like all other teriyaki I've had. I'll be going back to try other dishes for sure.
5	Great Kailua pork. Garlic shrimp was just like I had in Hawaii. We will definitely go back.
5	Been a dozen times. Super yummy food. I'm into the mahi fish, katsu and pork combo now. Finally nice to get some rice in Arizona.
5	Yep, this place is legit.   I tried this on a whim after driving through the area, looking for something to eat.   I saw the positive reviews that other Yelpers had given and felt it was worth a shot.   I was not disappointed, I was actually quite impressed by the friendly service and the food was quite delicious.   Definitely try the pork, it is an absolute revelation, very tender and juicy with tremendous flavor, was certainly everything others have hyped it up to be.    Beyond that I tried a little of the pineapple chicken which was also quite tasty.    Overall, I'm going to be coming back here and soon, a very nice place run by a friendly couple who do make you feel right at home.     Definitely give this place a visit if you're in the area.
5	Who would have thought that this was a good place to eat. It's in an auto repair strip center and a little tough to see from the street but HOLY COW is it good. The people running it (I'm guessing they are the owners) are as friendly as friendly gets. THE PLACE IS SPOTLESS! I'm talking the kitchen that is opened up for all to see, the bathroom, the dining room, the soda machine, etc, etc, etc. My buddy and I each got large chicken teriyaki rice bowls. The chicken was all white meat, tender and super tasty. Next time I will have to try the katsu or one of the many Hawaiian dishes they offer.
5	Yelp does it again! Me and the P were looking for a new spot and located this one on Yelp during a Saturday holiday shopping day.  I'm not the biggest fan of Hawaiian BBQ but this was unbelievable.  Had the Kahlua pork with two scoops of rice, outstanding coleslaw, and a very generous portion of meat.  It was absolutely delicious!  Can't wait to go back. The P had the same only with potato salad which was equally tasty, homemade, and great flavors.  The staff was outstanding, very pleasant and made us feel at home.  Place is spotless and adequately priced, highly recommend!
5	Kailua pork was awesome! Rice and slaw were a perfect compliment. Amazing how good rice can be when it is cooked just right....wish I knew the secret. Brought home a spam musubi for my son....hope to eat my own next time!Can easily miss this place! On the north side of the street in what seems like a auto industry dedicated strip mallish development.Super nice people!
4	Met the hubby for a work-day lunch break here, after another co-worker gave it great reviews. Their location may be difficult to find for someone who doesn't live/work in the area, but the food is worth the trip. We shared the Kailua Pork (that everyone raves about) and the chicken stir-fry with rice, potato salad and cole slaw.First of all, the owners were very nice and you could tell they truly care about what they do. They are recently transplanted from Hawaii, so their perspective, I believe, is authentic! Both dishes were amazing, generously portioned and perfectly priced for lunch. The pork is beyond-tender. I especially loved the sauce for the stir-fry chicken (I believe they use the same sauce for beef, tofu, veggies, etc.). It has a little kick to it and lots of flavor which I love. All and all, both dishes were great and we even had enough for a small leftover meal.I didn't notice the bento box sampler until after I'd ordered and I think I'll try that next time--a little of each of the sides and your choice of a sampler of proteins. Perfect for me!All and all, great food, friendly owners (and this beats the pants off that L&L  Hawaiian place off Happy Valley), and good prices.
5	I've driven by this place many times and saw the great Yelp reviews and figured I'd give it a try.  I had the kahlua pork and it was FANTASTIC!!  Perfect amount of smoke and super tender and juicy!  The owners are from Hawaii and are very nice.  It is located in a small plaza so if you blink, you'll miss it!  Whether you're in the area or not, you've got to give this place a try!!
3	I've only been once, it was good.  I had the BBQ chicken, comes with 2 scoops of rice and I chose the potato salad.  It was good, but not fabulous.  I'll definitely go back and try the ninja bowl everyone is raving about!
4	We had a sunday lunch here last weekend.  The menu is expansive but we decided on teriyaki chicken and kahlua pork.  The food was good but not mind blowing.  I'm not sure if we will be back.  I really wanted it to be better than it was because the owners are so sweet and provided great customer service.  Extra star for the great service and one additional star for the Hawaiian juices and drinks they have.
5	Awesome, brah! Just like the ol days on the Island. I missed my plate lunches and just found a great substitue in Phoenix of all places! If you know what I'm talking about, you will love the Kahlua pork! And the Loco Moco will bring you home. If you have no clue what I just said, you still must try this place for a taste of the local (not touristy) Hawaii. This is basically Hawaiin diner food, well-executed. The Katsu shrimp is excellent--lightly battered with good flavor and tasty homemade thousand islandish tartar sauce. Chicken teriyaki is tasty too but the kahlua pork is outstanding. And you have to have the Hawaiian Sun sodas (Hawaiian made and noncarbonated). The location is challenging in a nondescript strip mall on Deer Valley Road, but worth the trip!
3	I got a kalua pork plate and asked for mac salad, got potato salad instead.  I wasn't a fan of the rice either, but the pork made up for everything and hospitality was great.  Ill be back for the loco moco...
4	Mahalo Daren C. For the awesome recommendation! Without you I would have never found this killer spot. And yes, I was sure to mention your name to the lovely owners. ;)The food was fresh & ONO. The service was personable, interior was clean and the prices were decent. Every single bite of my garlic shrimp, egg rolls, shrimp katsu & chocolate mousse pie was worth the 24 mile drive over (in traffic too). I can not wait to go back.
1	Most of the food we tried seemed very old and leftover. All the food we were served was just luke warm and almost cold when it arrived. They never even bothered to unwrap the Musubi from it's plastic wrap. The food reminded me of food from the worst budget buffet I ever went to. I tried a Bento Zip Box with Pineapple Chicken, Teriyaki Chicken and Mahi Mahi with Potato salad. Both Fried Entrees (Pineapple Chicken and Mahi Mahi ) were almost cold and when I bit into them Oil squished out and left a bad after taste in my mouth. I found both fried entrees inedible. The Teriyaki Chicken was cooked nice but was also almost cold with a not to offensive bottled cold sauce squirted on. It didn't taste so fresh but was the most edible thing on my plate. My white rice seemed over cooked and mushy and also didn't taste fresh. I kept eating the potato salad trying to figure out what was wrong with it and my conclusion is no salt or pepper was used in it. I liked that they used fresh green onions in it but I think maybe the potatoes might have been old because it really didn't taste good.Unfortunately my husband had a similar experience with his plate that was all different from mine. He had a Spam Musubi that still had plastic wrap on it. He couldn't eat the Kalua Pork it did have some fresh green onions on it but other than that it lacked flavor and seemed unseasoned and was almost cold. The most edible part of his plate was the Katsu Chicken it seemed like it was made today but was also almost cold. The rice was overcooked, mushy and not so fresh tasting. The Macaroni Salad seemed like it was a month old. The Mayo had broken down to just paste like oil and was very offensive and horrible.Approximately. 2/3rds inedible food.Approximately 1/3 edible but not so great almost cold food.Equals One star I will not return or recommend.My stomach was turning for hours I thought I'd be sick. It was like catching Da Valley Fever from Da food.5-14-14I appreciate that the Da Valley Grill contacted me about my exsperience. I am certain this might have been fluke exsperience since they didn't have their regular cook on. But the honest truth is if the food wasn't old it was very mishandled or equipment wasn't working right. I do appreciate their concern and are very glad they are looking in to what happened. I was hoping this would be a new favorite since I am found of another Hawaiian Eatery in the Valley and this place offers different options. I do hope they figured out what happened and I hope this was just an isolated  circumstance.
5	Great food and great service..tried Kahuku garlic shrimp..soo good and full of flavour.
4	Very well prepared Hawaiian cuisine.  Completely blows L&L out of the water. I definitely recommend the Kahuku shrimp.
4	Best place to eat if you're in the area.
5	Family owned. Amazing food. Amazing prices. I wish this was closer to my house. I would go weekly. Thank you for the extraordinary food and hospitality.
5	Our meals were made fresh and quickly on the spot. The food was delicious. The owners were super friendly. Glad we found this spot. If it weren't tucked away, I bet they'd have more business. Definitely worth your time and money. Your tummy will be happy!
4	Great tasting food and friendly staff. The restaurant was clean and welcoming. I'll be back!
4	4.1 out of 5. My wife is from Honolulu so we are always looking for something comparable in the valley. The owners are very nice, the food was fresh and very tasty. My wife got the Garlic Shrimp and it was excellent. The only knock is for the price you don't get a lot of food, better quality than an L&L but you will probably still be hungry and spend more.
3	After seeing so many 5 stars reviews we decided to give this a try. If you've read my other reviews, Leo's at Arrowhead is the best Hawaiian in Phoenix (so far). We ordered beef Kalbi short ribs, Teriyaki beef and chicken. First up the Kalbi weren't short ribs but cut up beef, nothing like Korean short ribs I'm used to. The teriyaki beef and chicken were just ok. RIce and macaroni salad were also not as good as Leo's.
4	Kalua Pork tasted very Hawaiian authentic. Went here because it was next to work and saw the high reveiws on Yelp. Glad I did! place exceed my expectations not only in quality of the food but how clean it is. I'll be coming back
5	Been here a few times now the Kalbi short ribs are awesome, it's a great place for lunch or when your looking for something other than a burger and fries
5	Incredible! There is a reason this grill stays busy...good peopleand good food...and generous hearts....gave to a worthy cause!
5	I work in the 85024 zip code and there isn't much to eat around here besides chain restaurants.  Not much besides Da Valley Grill, which has become a weekly lunch place for me.  All of the food here is excellent and, unlike some of the aforementioned chain restaurants, the food here is fresh and (probably) a lot healthier.  And while some of the other reviewers mention the kalua pork, I always order #1 - the Chicken Sautee with special sauce.  It is spicy and delicious.  Prices are reasonably and lunch has always been under $10.
5	The food choices here are great. I tried the teriyaki chicken bowl and you can tell the quality of food it had. I came back a week later and had the Ninja Bowl that I was waiting to try. I wasn't disappointed at all and it was better than I thought. I had it with bacon on top and the combination is fabulous. Friendly staff and a must place to eat at if you want different from the same boring stuff. Favorite small place to eat here in Phoenix as I just moved here. Peace :)
5	Awesome choices, great katsu, good prices! I wish I could eat here evey day! Curry chicken is good for the sniffles! I was lucky enough to live nearby for years and drive 6 miles to eat here, worth it!
