5	The staff was patient, kind and intelligent.  Definitely would recommend this place!
5	I have taken my cats here three times now and have been incredibly happy with The Big Easy, especially considering I've had a lot of trouble finding a vet I like in Pittsburgh.The other perk is that The Big Easy is literally a half a block away from me. I like that the vet brings you into the room with your pet and administers shots while you're in attendance. A place we use to go would do them in private and actually refuse to let you be present, I felt this was an odd practice that came off as slightly abrasive.The place is clean and they even have a Keurig coffee maker out in the reception area for those of you who are waiting a while and want to indulge in some coffee.The head vet and owner is also an amazing person and incredibly smart. Every question I asked she answered with enthusiasm and confidence. I felt good about her from the start and that gut feeling was right.For those of who you don't have a lot of money and own pets, they have specials on things like rabies vaccinations and they are super cheap for a limited time. I appreciate this. I can afford to vaccinate my pet but I'm sure a lot of people in Lawrenceville welcome the reprieve.
5	I cannot stress enough how amazing The Big Easy is! Dr Aileen Ruiz and her awesome staff have taken such great care of our babies, in both routine and emergency situations. They are friendly, knowledgeable, and caring, and really cool people too.     The hours are walk-in and long, very convenient for busy people with busy schedules. The space is modern and tasteful, which doesn't really matter at the vet, but I like it. Also it's incredibly clean....which does matter.    Our crazy puppy had an accident a couple weeks ago and we rushed him to TBE at 6 pm on a Friday, bleeding profusely from a severed artery......also in the waiting room were an elderly lab with a facial laceration and a chihuahua having seizures, like literally having one in the office. The Big Easy handled this stressful evening with grace and expertise, and all patients were taken care of.    They also do a lot of charity work, raising funds and awareness both locally and nationally for multiple organizations. Prices are reasonable and on par with other quality vet practices in the area. And, having the Keurig is pretty sweet.    Our neighborhood is lucky to have The Big Easy Animal Hospital.
5	This place is beyond amazing. The atmosphere is clean and inviting. The staff is friendly. The cost for services is reasonable. Dr. Ruiz (the veterinarian) is very kind and patient. She actually takes the time to answer all questions and even gives additional information when she thinks it might be helpful to me. I never feel like she is rushing me like I do when I go to my own "human" doctor. I do sometimes have to wait a while in the waiting room but I know that this is because it is a "walk-in" facility that sometimes gets busy. I also understand that Dr. Ruiz takes the time to actually "talk" with the pet owners. TOTALLY worth the wait. I cannot stress how great this place it. If you love your pet, you will take them here.
5	First off, I'd like to thank you for the great reviews, Yelpers!  When choosing a vet for my puppy I read like every review.  I'm glad I did, b/c The Big Easy Animal Hospital is great.  All the staff was really nice and made me and Brock feel welcome. Dr Ruiz is fantastic.  She really took the time to explain things to me, and gave me info on a dog trainer.  I really appreciated the time she took with me and Brock, despite it being the end of the day.  Little things like that go a long way in my book, so I will keep Brock coming to the TBEAH!
5	There's a reason The Big Easy Animal Hospital is five stars! To start off with, this place is clean and modern (and thank you Big Easy for providing us with a Keurig!). All of the staff were very friendly, both over the phone and in person. I was a little hesitant to take advantage of their walk-in services, thinking I might be there for hours. However, everything was handled very efficiently and I was in and out in under an hour (considering I had to fill out paperwork because I was new and my dog had to get hooked up to IV fluids, I consider that decent timing!). Dr. Ruiz was super sweet and gentle with my dog. She was easy to talk to and took the time to explain what was going on. I never felt rushed or stupid for asking my questions. Pricing didn't seem too bad, although it's not often my dog gets sick so I don't really have anything to compare it to. Overall though, this place was amazing. Definitely deserving of its five stars! Also, I just wanted to add that the street parking around here is not metered. Yay!
5	Today was only the second time I used this vet my 18 year old cat was attacked by 2 dogs TBEAH was open an I only live a few minutes away. I'm so glad I was able to get my him care right away so he wouldn't suffery. When I walked in and said I think my cat is dead they immdritaly rushed to get help before I knew what was going on there was 5 people working on him. They even offered to do CPR I said no because he was 18 and he would only suffer. I knew the day would come when I had to put him down this was not how I wanted him to go. Dr Ruiz and her staff were so kind and caring, everyone gave me there sympathy. I cannot tell you how much this meant to me, they easily could of turned me away and sent me to the ermegency vet. I am so pleased with the care and the friendy staff that I'm thinking of making them the vet for my kitten & my elderly dog who has constant ear infections.I would reccomend this vet to all, there convient, caring and quick. I've heard some people say the prices were to high there not really. I'd rather pay a few more dollars for quality care for my pets, give them at lease 1 try and see for yourself the care you will get.
5	My mother took a rottweiler here after she suffered a uterine prolapse. Though the procedure to correct this is not done often the doctors and staff made it happen. Such professionals. This is an ideal place for treatment for your loved pet!
5	This place is amazing.  We have been several times (we were actually referred there by another vet since the Big Easy has walk-in hours - and we haven't left).  We have dogs and cats and they're great with both, especially our little chihuahua that has seizures (they sing to her when they draw blood to help her calm down... she usually ends up howling along though).  Last summer we very sadly had to put one of our cats down.  Out of the blue one day he just wasn't breathing right so I ran him to Big Easy - they called the animal hospital for me and sent me right away to get him the best help that I could.  They were so compassionate and tried to provide whatever help they could to make the situation better, but when nothing worked and we had to have him put down a few days later (at an animal hospital since it was a Sunday), they sent us a very sweet card when they found out (they always call to check up on how the animals are doing).I highly recommend the Big Easy for the cleanliness, friendliness of the staff, convenience of walk-in hours, and overall compassion and love for animals displayed by the entire staff.
4	I'm not much of a coffee drinker, but put a Keurig in front of me and a cat on my lap - and I'm in!  This place oozes comfort. From the charming Halloween decorations to the friendly staff and everything in between (including aforementioned Keurig) it feels more like a hang-out than a vet's office; which is fine by me...and my cat.  In addition the care is affordable, timely and of the highest quality.  My 13 year-old kitty was losing weight and for less than $200, he was put on a course of thyroid and live care and had a full blood work-up.  Not too "tabby..."I say they throw a Mardi Gras event, where the cat who shows the most skin gets a free exam...
5	Dr. Ruiz and staff are the best!I had a very sick 3-month-old kitten with an upper respiratory infection.  I took him in for a walk-in visit during the evening hours.  While it took nearly 90 minutes to be seen (there was an even more sick dog in front of us), the staff kept us updated and made sure we all comfortable.Furthermore, Dr. Ruiz and her vet tech stayed open late to make sure that we were seen.  They took the time to answer all of my questions without making me feel rushed out the door.  I really appreciated that and I'm sure my little monster did too.A month later, my kitten--who hadn't been eating and was super lethargic and having trouble breathing when I brought him in--is tearing around the house and destroying catnip mice like nobody's business.  Thanks, doc!
5	I visted the Big Easy Animal hopsital just recently for a basic exam and vaccines for my new dog - and it was such a joy! Dr. Ruiz and her tech was so friendly and knowledgable. By the end of the appointment I didn't even care what the cost was, but to my surprise it was even more affordable than I thought!  I went in on a weekday afternoon and had almost no wait for my walk-in appointment. Dr. Ruiz was telling my she moved to Pittsburgh from NOLA, I feel like the pets of Pittsburgh are lucky to have her here.
5	I'm totally not surprised by the 5 star overall review.  This place is fantastic!  I can't recall ever having a pleasant experience at a vet's office, so this was a first for me.  First thing I noticed is they have coffee in the waiting room - SCORE!  This helped to pass the time.  The receptionist was welcoming and friendly.  Once we went to the check-up room, we were greeted by one of the vet techs.  She was super helpful and easy to talk to, offering her suggestions about my cat's digestive problems.  It was really informative and she convinced me to switch their food.  Dr. Ruiz came in pretty quickly.  She wasn't in a hurry to get me in and out of there, which was great.  We talked about the local area (which I moved to recently) and her back story.  It was really nice to get to know her on a personal level. The exam was thorough and she walked me through exactly what she was doing/seeing.  The icing on the cake, so to speak, was the price of the overall visit.  I ended up with medicine, two check-ups for both cats, a bag of perscription food (for the immediate problem), a case of wet food & 16lbs of weight loss food ALL for under $200! I was amazed.  I've been telling all of my pet-owner friends, even if they don't live nearby, that seeing Dr. Ruiz is worth the trip.
5	I took my dog to the Big Easy after he was deeply cut by a groomer. Not only did they take excellent care of my dog (3 stitches), they contacted the groomer and had the whole appointment charged to them AND had them reimbursed me for the grooming appointment. This is above-and-beyond service that I could only have dreamed of. These people are as passionate about your pet as you are and I could not thank them enough. They made me and my dog feel comfortable in a horrific situation. Frankly, I will never use another vet. http://www.yelp.com/biz/urban-dog-daycare-and-day-spa-pittsburgh-2#hrid:mbELYOf4LDEMwFUtjbv78A
5	I hope another 5 star review won't bore anybody.  I had to get my dog to a vet quicker than my regular vet could get him in, and Big Easy's walk-in hours made that possible.  My big, anxious, cry-baby pitbull chilled right out in the waiting room, despite all the other people and animals, and me being upset about him. That says everything about the kind of vibe in the place. Everything everybody said:  the Keurig, clean and modern, the techs, Dr. Ruiz, who introduced herself  by first name and was sporting black nail polish and a big funky black leather wristband watch.  My dog was calm and cooperative every step of the way, and a little in love by the end.  Me too.  This will be the vet of choice from now on, no question.
5	Nicest and most caring vet that I've ever been to in Pittsburgh..
5	Okay, so before I decided to go here, I read the reviews. Tell me I'm not the only one hesitant to believe it when ALL of the reviews are good? Anyway. The story goes like this. I had plans to go here anyway at vaccine time with my Boston Terrier. Recently, he injured his leg, so today was more of an emergency-like visit than routine. My boston is TERRRRRIBLE at the vet. Dog aggressive, vet aggressive, scared, and in this instance--he was in some pain. Bad mix. The desk staff and vet techs were all very polite and professional even when my little guy was behaving a little erratically. (okay, a lot) Aileen, the veterinarian, has a customer for life with me. She was patient the ENTIRE time, and explained everything thoroughly without being rushed or frustrated that she was dealing with a panicked dog and a stressed out owner. I was given pain meds, ointment for ears, 4 Frontline, and a full examination and the cost was on par with what I would expect. Nothing was pushed on me, and if you read my reviews of OTHER vets I have visited, you'll know that I mean business when I'm dealing with my boys.If you love your pups like I love mine, trust them with the care you will receive here. It's truly one of a kind, especially in Pittsburgh!!
3	I was/am extremely happy and satisfied with my previous vet, but the location is all the way out in Robinson.  Being that I don't love driving out there once a month to pick up my pooch's meds, I decided to give Big Easy a try since it's within a stone's throw of my house.Greats:-Comprehensive, thorough service.  They offer a Senior Canine Wellness exam which did include additional services I had not been offered by my previous vet-Friendly, compassionate vet and vet techs.  They worked well with my special needs pup and followed up after the visit multiple times to make sure we had everything we needed *Special shout-out to Dr. Lavery*-Location is ideal for east-endersNot so greats:-Much, much more expensive than previous vet clinics I've used, like, 20% more....I know I know, my pup is worth every penny, however, I cannot justify making a switch to pay that much more when the service was on par with what I received before-I was a little turned off by the front desk staff....it really isn't anything I can pinpoint. There was a def vibe when I called or came in that I was bothering them-They did not have the meds I needed in stock, and actually advised me to go back to my old vet and get the meds filled.  My whole point for switching was so I wouldn't have to drive so far to get the meds.  They did find me a mail order service, but the meds would cost me 20 more bucks a month.So all in all, if you aren't looking for a "full-service" vet and you are aware that the Big Easy prices are higher than average (IMO), it's a good place.  Their location is ideal for dog-owners in Larryville (I know there are hundreds of us!)  On-street parking, only.
4	Highly recommend
5	TBE is wonderful!  I started going there after we rescued two kittens.  We already have a Havanese.  Their techs are wonderful and kind to our pets.  The ladies up front are very personable. Two weeks ago, we had our dog neutered.  I couldn't get him to take his pain medication so  I fed him turkey scraps from Thanksgiving, because I am an idiot.  The dog became pretty sick. I called and they stepped me through exactly what to do.  I am so thankful for them!
5	I took my puppy to the Big Easy Animal hospital a few weeks and was pleasantly surprised by my experience! The front staff was not only friendly to me but to my dog as well, picking him up and showering him with affection. The vet tech was well informed and gave me advice on how to care for this new breed of dog I had (French bulldog). The vet did a thorough examination and had my pups ears cleaned and nails clipped while I was there as well. The examination was well priced too! I will definitely be going back to this doctor for any future needs.
5	I recently moved to the area and did not have a vet, so when my 3 year old cat, Mozart, suddenly started wailing in pain and was unable to use the litter box -- I totally freaked out. I called TBE literally in tears. The staff was super understanding and incredibly nice and got me in right away (which is shocking considering how popular this place is). Dr. Ruiz was amazing. She spent more than enough time with my guy. She was extremely patient and allowed me to ask a million questions. Mozart was blocked and needed to undergo an emergency procedure that required him to be hospitalized for two days. Dr. Ruiz laid out all my options; she even called around to 24 hour emergency vets in the area for price quotes. On top of all that, she and the staff stayed late to perform the procedure and allowed me to see him when it was done. Dr. Ruiz called me the next morning with an update and even made time for me to stop by periodically and check in him. (Which was HUGE for me since I'm a chronic worrier when it comes to my pets!)I really cannot say enough good things about The Big Easy. Finding a good vet is hard. I'm so glad it stumbled upon this place on Yelp! I won't go anywhere else from now on.
5	We spent some time shopping for a vet within the city for our corgi Reggie, he needed a routine check up and to be neutered. I read the great reviews on this establishment and tried it out for his initial check up. I was very impressed with the vet technicians and the Veterinarian Dr.Ruiz experience, advice, and treatment towards Reggie. I appreciated their honesty, compassion, and professionalism with the services they provided. We felt comfortable leaving Reggie in their care for his procedure and will continue to use this establishment as our go to vet. The interior space is new, clean, and comfortable. The pricing was reasonable and what I appreciated most was never feeling like I was being "sold" on a product or test that may/may not be necessary. The specialists and Dr. Ruiz are honest in their opinion of which tests are best to have done based on the age of your dog, not the revenue it will bring for their center. I appreciated the attentiveness of the new vet tech who took the time to explain all details pertaining to his procedure, the cost structure, when they will be performing the procedure, and what will happen afterwards. Great place!
4	I love the entire staff. The care is thorough and professional.  They even call to follow up on the visit. I started going here because they take walk-ins.  The only reason I couldn't give the review 5 stars is because of the amount of time the visit takes. I've taken my dog a few times now and each time we have been there a few hours. Just make sure you have the time to stay there. I once had to leave and go back.
5	I can't recommend The Big Easy enough. We contacted their office after our 3 year old border terrier, Dexter, decided to sample some Advil. Despite being the weekend and a full schedule, the staff and Dr. Lavery, not only found time for us, but they stayed late to make sure Dexter was on his way to getting better. Dr. Lavery took time to explain what each test meant to ensure we knew exactly how Dexter was doing and what would benefit him the best. We left our appointment completely happy with Dexter's treatment. The Big Easy is the only vet I'll go to and recommend!
4	This place was great.  They were the first vet I tried after moving to Pittsburgh and I was very happy.The staff at the front can be hit or miss, but all the Vets and Assistants are great.
4	Still feel the same about the vets (Aileen and Dr Lavery). 1 lost star for a less than pleasant front desk. No sense of urgency whatsoever, no explanation of very long wait times.
5	Great place to take your pet!  Was really helped by Jes, the Vet Tech...she went above and beyond to help my kitten.
