1	This dental practice has very unfriendly service all around. Despite the fact that I started out on the wrong foot with the rude front office, I was looking for a dentist in my neighborhood to build a relationship with and I made appointments with this office for me, my husband and my daughter. Unfortunately I left here feeling very weary of the "plan" they gave us. First of all, we keep up with our dental hygiene so there shouldn't have been any major issues. We all waked out of there with expensive bills for services that weren't needed and we all felt very pressured to buy these services. I didn't breathe a word of my feelings to my family as I wanted to see what their take was on the practice. My two family members, who don't usually have an opinion, were also very unhappy and uncomfortable. I haven't gone back and I will not recommend anyone to this practice.
1	I had a crown done about a few months ago from what I hear crown are suppost to last up to 10 years 4 months later the crown lifted off the bottom of the root canal I had done. Thankfully not eating anything or could have swallowed it and choked since I have never seen nor heard till doing work online about this. Still planing to go back and if they would like to offer it as a free attachment or replacing back on I would be happy other wise I will be looking for another dental practitioner
5	Recently finished a year of Invisalign treatment with them.  The results were great.  They were very accommodating with my busy schedule, got me in and out quickly, we're very friendly and did exactly what they promised.Unlike other dentists in the area, they never pushed products or services and were always willing to talk through options.I moved here a few years ago.  When the dentist across the street tried to tell me I needed services I knew I didn't, I walked in here.  I'm glad I did.   I'd highly recommend Red Mountain Family Dental.
5	I had an excellent dental experience at Red Mountain Family Dental. The front desk staff were friendly and accommodating in scheduling my dental care. I had the best cleaning and exam. The hygienist was patient and gentle. Dr Josephson immediately made me feel comfortable with his good humor and relaxed explanation of my dental plan. He provided pain free dental work and completed it fast. I will be referring all of my friends and family to Red Mountain Family Dental.
5	I had excellent dental care at Red Mountain Family Dental in Mesa, AZ. The front desk was friendly and accommodated my schedule. I had one of the best teeth cleanings that I have ever had. The dentist was friendly and professional.  He showed me the xrays and explained the treatment plan in detail.  He  completed my dental work pain free and I am thrilled with the results. I will be referring friends and family to Red Mountain Family Dental.
