4	I'm a large female and I love to dress with the times.  I hate places that sell large sizes for women in nothing but tent dresses or spandex jeans.  This store, however, carries the contemporary styles for larger women.  I love Lane Bryant, but I cannot afford their clothes like I used to.  Avenue used to be a sister company of Lane Bryant, so their styles are pretty much the same, but Avenue is much MUCH cheaper.Large ladies--if you seek jeans that fit and clothes that don't make you look like a walking circus, check this store out for some nice outfits at great prices.
4	What a nice place to shop for plus size gals.  Staff was friendly but not in your face.  Got some cute dresses for less than 25 bucks and they seem like quality goods.  They also had 25% off everything in the store, which was pretty cool since I went here on a whim.  They have  wide width shoes too, which is nice because they are pretty hard to find.  (At least non-ugly ones.)
3	I was all ready to hate on this store when I first stopped in. I don't think I've ever been so soundly ignored in a retail shop before. I spotted two employees, and neither of them gave me a second look or attempted to help me find things. I was clearly having trouble finding something as I rifled through the piles of jeans that didn't seem to have any logical order.I finally found a couple of items I wanted to try on and grabbed the attention of one of the sales clerks to get a fitting room unlocked. Once I had an arm full of potential purchases, I headed up to the register where I was helped by a super nice woman while the other employees continued to ignore other customers.Register lady was sure to ring up all my discounts, even calling what I assume was a manager when the register didn't automatically recognize the 50% off on my items. Lovely older woman whose name I didn't get but she clearly understood the meaning of 'customer service'.
4	I've been here twice. The clothes tend to be a little on the frumpy side, but Avenue is awesome for reasonably priced basics, and they have sales all the time. The jeans are great, and I love that they wide width shoes and wide calf boots. Service at this place can be hit or miss. The first time I went was great, had no trouble getting help. The second time, one woman was busy putting clothing out or whatever, and completely ignored the customers, while the other girl took ages helping another customer and checking her out.. It's not completely her fault, the customer did need her help, but waiting for 20 minutes to ask two simple questions about the shoes is pretty lame.
2	This place is gone out of business and pulled out now. The store had gone downhill in a major way, any old timers will know what I mean. Anyone remember when the avenue made items that lasted forever?! Now I find myself returning items or not buying and I hate their shoes now. I will have coupons and never use them which shocks people knowing what a coupon hound I am. Styles try too hard lately. I dunno, I am just not into it.
1	I walked in 20 Minutes before they closed..I got no hello just two ladies starting at us. One African American and the other Caucasian. So my friend says wow no hi hire area you can I help you. We went in to purchase 5 pairs of boots...then 5 minutes to 6pm the one lady walks by asks if we need anything as she keeps walking by not giving us the chance to answer. She locks the door making a really loud sound letting us know she locked the door...I used to love shopping there.
5	One of the nicer selections of larger sized clothes I've ever sen! Some are got older peeps, but a good cross section of hoodies, etc. Bras, in larger sizes on sale for $10! They were friendly, and helped us, let us take extra clothes in the try on room. Will be a regular, after I get a job. Heh.
1	Is this store still there? I drove up and down Rainbow looking for this store and did not find it!!! Called the phone numbers and all I got was a busy signal. Can someone let me know what is up with the Avenue? Thanks
