4	For anyone who knows and loves Grimaldi's in Brooklyn or John's in Greenwich Village, like me, I'm sure you would love to save a trip to NYC to satisfy that craving on a regular basis.  PI won't quite make that happen.  But it is very good, and the closest to the classic coal oven pies in NYC that I've had here in Pittsburgh.I had the Margherita--the sauce is terrific, and the crust is almost perfect--crispy on the outside but still chewy.   Definitely not your typical Pittsburgh pie with loads of shredded mozzarella--the fresh mozzarella is sparse but delicious.  I look forward to going back and trying some other varieties.
4	Nice staff. Checked out the coal fired oven....pretty cool. They use anthracite coal so its clean burning and high btu's.  So if you are thinking your Pizza will taste like coal dust, you are wrong.  Good thin crust pizza. I enjoyed the procuitto and arugula pie. The BV Cabernet Sauvignon is also a good wine choice.
2	This place is the downstairs bar/restaurant of Jimmy D's.  Recently remodeled but not the best spacing for seating.  Our waitress was not well trained for serving dinner.  We were not offered to taste the wine first, she just opened the bottle and started pouring our glasses.  The pizza was extremely thin with tasty crusts.  Not very filling so don't split a pie unless you order something else.  Our salad was plain, but fresh and dressed perfectly.  Nothing for dessert because they don't have dessert!
3	The pizza style at Pi is in the vein of a Grimaldi's or Lombardi's--both in NYC--but certainly doesn't reach those heights. While the pies I have tried are decent, they are a bit high on price: a 12" 6-cut pie costs $12 and a slice isn't very filling when that small. What I don't like their prices and portion options is that there is no low-risk way to try the product. It would be nice if they offered slices for lunch or something to that effect. Instead, you have to go all in on that bet.I have had the margherita and the puttanesca (hold the anchovies) and both were a-ok on the overall taste. My friends got the quattro formagi, which didn't look appealing to me at all. It came out and the cheeses were already starting to cool back down and congeal. They reported that it was only "ok" and I'd likely never get it because I am a fool for a good tomato sauce, which this lacked. Their pie crust is tasty, but the chefs sometimes go a bit too far on darkness of it. The sauce is too watery and things get a little soupy on top of the margherita at least. What I have had that was really enjoyable is the insalata della casa (sans the prosciutto), but even that is a more expensive salad for what you get.In terms of atmosphere, their dining area is way too dark and serious, to the point of being alienating. It feels like the place is supposed to be very scene-y but when juxtaposed with almost no other patrons in the place on Saturday afternoon or a weekday evening it feels really weird and way too dark. Service I have had there has been fine though. And my last grievance is a menu typo. None of us are perfect at self-editing, but when you insist--INSIST--on using the Italian translation of words all throughout your menu, at least check that they are words. Panini is a plural word that basically means "sandwiches" or "bread roll", panino being the singular version. Where does that leave "paninis" you ask? It roughly translates as "sandwiches-es".Overall, I can say that Pi is an ok albeit expensive piece of pizza (that you can't get by the slice), perhaps not worth a special drive but not bad if you are in the neighborhood and desperate. I suggest trying Piccolo Forno if real NYC pizza is your interest but beware long lines and no Sunday hours there.
4	This place is amazing, the pizza crust has the perfect amount of crispy and thinness.  We shared the insalata Della casa and prosciutto and arugula pizza and it was perfect, the salad was light and not overdressed and the pizza had 4 big slices of prosciutto. I gave it a 4 because of the ambiance, not what I expected but by all means not bad. Just not your typical pizza oven place you think about when you think about "fired pizza". Overall fantastic and would go back time and time again.
3	I was walking around the neighborhood hoping to find some good food. I saw a coal oven pizza place and walked in. The inside was a little too classy for my own tastes so instead of eating lunch, I ordered a Lagunitas IPA. The bar tender was a beautiful girl that kind of stole my heart for 10 minutes. The Black Crowes song "She Talks to Angels" was playing in the background. I thought about how it may be worth moving to Pittsburgh to be with this woman. Pittsburgh is one of my favorite cities. I wish she would have given me reason to move. And if she happens to read this, just shoot me a private message and we can iron out the details of me moving into your place.
3	3.5 stars is spot on for this place.  Sleek, modern interior.  But geez the space is HUGE.  The crust on the calzone was delicious...chewy and downright flavorful.  Reminded me of NYC pizza actually.  House salad was pretty good.  I love me some San Mazano tomatoes but I wish they would spice up their marinara sauce a bit.  This place could pack in many more tables and earn more money per night but they claim that at 11pm it gets very crowded.  Huh?  Okay, then clear the tables out at 10:55pm and make a stronger dinner profit...
5	We recently went to Pi. It is a little strange when you walk in because it looks more like a club/lounge, but the Pizza is fantastic. We had a calzone and the pizza and I really can't say enough good things. The crust was perfect; it had a great texture and taste. We actually think it is better than other pizza places listed on the PGH top 25. We will definately go back.
5	They make their food with the freshest ingredients available.We ordered the 3 cheese calzone and the insalata misto. Note, that the insalata misto is an antipasta salad. Both dishes we ordered were absolutely incredible. So good that we are curious about everything else they have on the menu!The bartender/server was fantastic and focused closely on the quality of her service and inquired about the quality of our food, drinks, and experience. They have a frequent diner punch card that will get you a free pizza after buying 8.This restaurant is part of Jimmy D's bar. Be sure to stop in for some outstanding food!
4	My group and I were in town for the Pittsburgh Marathon and were looking for a sit-down pizza restaurant the night before the race. Upon recommendation by a friend who hadn't tried it before either, we decided on Pi Coal Fired Pizza. The restaurant has a low-lit, cozy atmosphere. Later in the evenings it becomes more club-like. There is bar seating along with tables. It's a small building, so if you're coming with a large group I suggest that you call ahead. Our server was very enthusiastic and helpful, explaining the different beers they offered as well as answering our questions about the entrees. I didn't order a beer so I can't comment on their selection, but those in my group who did said they enjoyed the drinks they ordered. We started off by sharing an order of Parmesan chicken wings. I'm not really a wing fan, but I was impressed by these. The meaty little wings were coated with a thick layer of Parmesan and were very moist. I'd order them again. I also tried a portion of the caprese salad that I liked. I think it had a marinade that was light and flavorful. The pieces of basil were bright green and didn't look old.For the entrees, I got a pizza topped with four different toppings - roasted peppers, mushrooms, marinated artichokes and I think a meat. Our server said that the Neapolitan-style pizzas were meant to be eaten individually, though I could have easily split my 12-inch personal pizza and still left satisfied. However, I ordered it for myself. I can't quite remember now, but I think my pizza was about $10. The crust of the pizza was wonderfully charred and had a smoky taste that only cooking it over a fire would give it. The texture was chewy and the crust was very thin. The underside of my pizza was a little soggy because many of my toppings were somewhat watery, but the mozzarella and basil pizza and pepperoni pizza my friends ordered were crisp. I had to eat it with a fork, but I didn't mind. If I find myself back in Pittsburgh, I would definitely consider eating here again. I enjoy good pizza and Pi Coal Fired Pizza makes just that.ETA: The restroom was incredible.
3	Clean restaurant. Sat down for dinner on a Saturday night and it was empty. Figured I would give "coal fire pizza" a try. Pizza was lacking flavor and was small. Had many choices of pizza to choose from and you could also create your pizza. I will not be returning to this place.
5	The pizza here is amazing! They use the freshest ingredients and it is made when ordered!The restaurant has never been "busy" the two times I have visited, but it has the coolest atmosphere. The bar iights up and it has a modern design. It turns into a "club" at night called, "Jimmy D's" which is always packed but I prefer going earlier for the pizza.The pizza is pricer than a college special from a local pizza shop, but you are paying for quality! And, the service is always fantastic!
4	Met a friend here for dinner recently and we got the insalata della casa (house salad) which was delish!  I was sorta surprised at how good it was and couldn't stop eating it, but forced myself to restrain myself so I could have room for the pizza.  We ordered a couple of pizzas to share.  We got the Capricciosa and the Prosciutto E Arugula pizzas and both of them were excellent.  The salad and pizzas were more than enough for 2 people to share and we even had left over pizzas.  This place reminds me of Il Pizzaiola in Mt. Lebo and I love that place so I really enjoyed my experience at Pi!  Definitely want to come back and try some of the other pizzas.
2	I've had good coal fired pizza. Actually, I've had GREAT coal fired pizza. Unfortunately, I didn't have either at Pi. In fact, what I had there bears no resemblance to good coal fired pizza. I am not a fan and won't be going back.The coal fired oven is intended to cook at very high heat - 800 degrees. It imparts a distinct flavor to the thin crust and gives it a nice toasty crunch while making the cheese bubble with delight. The three minutes in the oven is enough to really crank out the flavors and satisfy those of us who are impatient eaters and want our food NOW!We sat at the table closest to the oven and I could see the pizzas going in and coming out. But I couldn't feel the oven heat. Compare that to my other experiences when I sat as far as 7 tables back from the oven and could feel the radiant heat on a cold, cold day. Now that, my friends, is 800 degrees! I felt sorry for the cook! But at Pi, no heat. I swear, they must have that oven adjusted down to something akin to a summer day in Miami. The result is that the pizza was not at all hot when it was served (I watched them take it out, cut it, and bring it right over so it wasn't because it sat anywhere and cooled off). So the cheese didn't talk to me, the toppings were lukewarm, the crust was soggy and limp, and it didn't have that kick butt flavor that you're looking for in a coal fired pie. I'll give them credit for a good, imaginative selection of pizzas with interesting toppings. Unfortunately, if you're not going to cook it properly, it's just not gonna get me excited. Especially at those prices. My advice to Pi? Turn up the heat! Cook it right!On a positive note, they did have Fat Heads Head Hunter IPA on tap. So that salvages what otherwise would have been a one star rating for me.
4	Purchased a $10 for $20 Groupon here with the intention of only spending that $20, but it didn't happen.  I ordered the house salad and a Caprese pizza and they were both delicious.  Please, please do not leave here without ordering the Insalata Della Casa.  I'll be going back just for that salad probably in the near future.   The pizza was great and fresh as ever.  I'd definitely recommend.
2	Underwhelmed and disappointed. Sad because a great coal fired pizza is such a thing of beauty and delight. The service and beer at Pi were pretty terrific but that wasn't really why we came here.A coal fired oven works so quickly and should deliver bubbling delight and distinctive taste. Instead we got lukewarm & soggy with less than exciting flavor and a very large bill in comparison to the enjoyment level. The pizzas are essentially a personal pizza priced between $7 for plain up to $13.50 with varying ingredients. I ordered the Quattro Stagioni with sauce, basil, fresh mozzarella, roasted red peppers, prosciutto, fresh mushroom & artichokes divided into four sections with 2 slices devoted to each ingredient. Unimpressed is the best way I can describe this. What I ate had to be eaten with a fork because it was so limp. The prosciutto tasted like overcooked roast beef. I've had this same pizza at Piccolo Forno and theirs blew this pizza out of the water.The restaurant was freezing cold and ours was the table next to the pizza oven. Clearly getting this oven hot enough is an issue. It's one of those restaurants that's a 1 and done for me.
2	DO NOT go on a day when their Groupon expires...!Yes, we purchase Groupons and yes, they have introduced us to some very good restaurants very close to home that we never noticed before... Pi Coal Fired wasn't one of them.  We had purchased a Groupon many months ago and saw that it was expiring on Tuesday so we headed over for dinner.  The place was full and we were greeted by what later turned out to be one of the owners.  She took our name and the names of several other groups behind us, telling us 'It could be awhile...' then wandered away.  Listening to other diners' chat told us that most of the restaurant must have been there to use their Groupons too.  We stepped up to the bar and were greeted by a very ignorant waitress who didn't like the fact that I was asking her about her light beer draft selections.  Settling on a Coors Light bottle and a Yuengling draft, she told us that it would be $7.  I paid, we drank and waited.   There must not be an assigned 'busboy' here because tables were sitting dirty without anyone around while we stood at teh bar wondering if we should bus them ourselves.  The owner kept coming over, letting us know it would be soon, but not heading over to bus the table.  If this was my restaurant- I would be doing everything in my power to get people seated, served and on their way.  But no, she kept saying, 'I'll get someone on that'...Finally seated we ordered right away, knowing that it could 'take a while'.  We then noticed the sign outside saying that between 6-10pm Yuengling drafts were $2.  Was my bottle $5?  We asked the waited and were informed that we were overcharged by 'miss attitude' at the bar.  But, he didn't offer to reimburse us.  All the while, as we observed, people were finishing up and ready to leave and there was no-one to get their check.  Miss attitude was no where to be found.  I'm surprised the one table waited around as long as they did because we would have left.  Our paninni arrived and it looked boring.  Plain looking sandwich, no garnish, handful of Ruffles Ridges tossed onto the plate.  5 minutes go by and the owner comes over to check on us.  'Do you folks need anything?' she asks.  I tell her that 'My Calzone would be nice'.  She tells me that calzones take a while and it'll be out shortly.  Well, why not hold off on delivering the paninni till ALL the food is ready???  We order another draft.  5 more minutes go by and my calzone arrives.  It looks delicious, melted cheese running out... but not as hot as I would have expected having come right from the oven.  Cutting it, it wasn't steaming and I was able to 'bite right in'.  The sauce that came with it is the blandest pizza sauce I have ever tasted!  It tasted like crushed tomatoes, straight from the can.  Asking our waiter about it, he tells us that that's the way it always is because they put fresh basil, garlic & herbs on the pizza's and not in the sauce, 'It keeps the sauce tasting better' he said.  Well, IT DOES NOTHING FOR THE CALZONE!      I finished half the calzone, my wife was so annoyed at the poor service that she didn't touch the paninni.  We requested the check.  Their was no mention of the overcharge at the bar for the beers and our check showed $11 for the calzone, $11 for the paninni and no charge for the draft.  The menu lists the paninni at $9... so... there's a little creative 'book-keeping' here to skirt the drink tax!  Now, I don't agree with it either but they're not saving me any $ by not paying their fair share!  Total bill is $23.54.  I'll give the calzone an A, the paninni a C, sauce a D and service an F...We will not be going back here again, Pizza Sola is way better!
3	I was torn between 2 and 3 stars and decided to be as fair as I could and settled on a 3. A 2.5 would probably nail it. I've now visited Pi 3 times, all using groupons. I've tried both the caprese and della casa salads, as well as the sausage, pepperoni, and margarita pies. One calzone as well, but I can't recall which one since it's been so long. As others have mentioned, over the course of time the pizzas have gotten smaller and the price either the same or higher. Also, despite the thin crust I prefer, they still somehow manage to come out soggy to the point of dripping all over the place when you attempt to fold a piece to put in your mouth. Again, when they first opened this wasn't my experience. Something has changed over time. My other large gripe with the pies is the odd way they put on toppings. One, they don't give you all that many, especially so considering the price. A few of the photos right here on Yelp can attest what I'm speaking of here. Two, in all my experiences, they were all concentrated in one area so you only get to taste them on a couple of bites of the entire pizza. Spread them out evenly please. At least try. On the pro side, both salads were of good size and very well done and tasty, probably the strong point of the place. And while I don't recall which calzone I had, I do recall being more pleased with it than the pizza. Service has always been friendly and attentive. I like the atmosphere as well, though I have only gone during lunch hours. I probably wouldn't say the same if I went at night, but I avoid the Southside at night in general for this very reason. Place has potential, and I may give it another try in the future to see if they clean up few things up as I'm not a fan if thick crust pizzas so prevalent here in Pittsburgh. Otherwise I might stop in for a salad or two. But for now, it's a bit underwhelming and overpriced overall.
4	I found the pizza to be quite good. It all tasted very fresh. I got one with spicy Italian salami and my wife got Margherita pizza. Very thin and tasty. Loved that they had Woodchuck cider on tap.
5	Yes, definitely a great pizza place. Forget that the pizza is only 8 cuts and that the price is up there. about $16 to $24 a pie. to me it's well worth it to spend money on a decent pizza as opposed to commercial places with their never ending deals. Me and my fiance love there kalamata olive pizza with pancetta or prosciutto, BOMB!! The pizza crust is labeled as well done meaning the bottom is black but don't be fooled that doesn't mean that it is burnt...It's simply cooked so that it's nice and crispy because they cook it over a coal fired and not a  gas or electric oven.Plus they have this meatball appetizer that has such tender meatballs and is served with soft and creamy ricotta cheese as well as two pita slices. It's a must have every time we go. The salads are made family style so i suggest bringing 4 people if you plan on eating it all. Try some of their beers too. they have a cooler full of bottles as well as a few drafts but nothing too exquisite. That's the first place I tried white lighting which is now one of my favorite brews. they have happy hour with discounts on brews so check it out when you get a chance. I haven't been there in months so i think its time for a check-in!!
1	This place has good pizza, however, they are never open. The last three times I went during business hours they were either not open, or the kitchen was closed and it was only operating as a bar. I have stopped trying to go here, which is sad because I like the pizza. Local is right down the street and is always open when they say they are, so I prefer to take my business there when I want a good pizza.
3	I've only been here for drinks so I cannot say how the food is, but I don't have much to complain about. The service was mediocre, drinks were good, but draws an odd, older crowd.
