1	Spent $2,300 on an awesome Specialized Stumpjumper here. Friendly service while I was looking to spend 2 grand, however not so friendly post purchase. I found out 9 months later at a different bike store that my $2,300 purchase had been built incorrectly. An incorrect bolt was used on the front fork, which therefore stripped the fork to brake caliper connection. I had to pay $250 to buy a new front fork so that my disc brake could be safely secured.Erik's bike shop told me there was nothing they could do, because "anyone" could have stripped the front fork, even though the bike was built at Erik's. All I received was a gift card for my troubles... Not reimbursement for the fork that was ruined, or the labor for installing a new fork. I would not go out of your way to buy a nice bike here. I love the bike, but amateur build and poor post purchase customer service was unacceptable. If you want to spend a decent amount of money, go somewhere else.
3	I had a very good experience with them re-tuning my bike. They gave me a list of necessary and optional tasks, and I chose from the ala carte list according to my budget and need. In the end, they even tightened my brakes for free. They had estimated it would take about 10 days to get it back (because their schedule was packed as it was springtime) but they actually finished it within 3 days and called me early to let me know.The only reasons I can't give this a larger rating is that I feel like their prices are very high ($30 for a water bottle cage?!) and the last time I was there "browsing", I was asked by no less than 4 employees if I needed help - it was a bit too pushy for me.
2	I recently bought a vintage bike and after reading reviews of local shops, decided to take it to Erik's on the west-side. Everyone at the shop was pretty friendly early on and gave me some great info on the bike. They encouraged me to leave the bike there because they wanted to evaluate what needed to be done and have the service manager like it over. They also presented me with a few options on packages and informed me of the cost for each (neglecting to tell me that parts were not included in the price as I would come to find out). After three days I called because I still had not heard from them. I was informed that my bike had not been looked at as of yet and instead of saying they would rectify the situation and call back, the service tech decided to go into a 5 minute pitch of a nearly $300 service package. All I wanted was new tires and to have the drive train cleaned so as to have the bike in working order. Not only did Erik's completely neglect my bike for three days but they also tried to do nothing else then up sell me on every package available instead of listening to what I actually wanted. I will be picking my bike up ASAP and going to one of the other bike shops in town. Thanks but no thanks Erik's. Advice, learn to listen to your customers and keep your word and service in a timely manner.
