5	Nothing costs over $1.99... great people, great service!
5	I LOVE this place!  Their prices have risen a bit to $2.25 but that is for ANY type of garment.  Other places charge your $15-20 to dry clean a dress but this place is $2.25 straight across the board.  They offer same day service too for the unbelievable price of $2.25!!!  I was so surprised when I asked for same day service that they didn't jack up the price but when they say they have a fixed price list, they mean it!!The only (minor) negative is that you have to pay when you drop off the items so if you have 30 items to be cleaned, make sure you have the $$ before you head in there.
5	WOW, I am in love with this place! I have had some very expensive dry cleaning bills, so I was very pleased when my total bill was $16.75 for 7 pieces of clothing! I took 4 dresses (3 silk, 1 cashmere), 1 pair of linen pants, 1 blazer, and 1 silk blouse to be dry cleaned on a Wednesday afternoon. I would expect to pay upwards of $50 for all 7 pieces at another dry cleaners, but not at Seville! The garments were ready for me on Friday, and they looked amazing! I believe they are able to get your clothes ready by 4pm if you drop them off by 8 or 9am that day.Not only were the prices amazing, but the service was also great - very friendly and fast. I will definitely be switching to Seville for all my dry cleaning needs!
5	This place is fantastic! Thanks to a coworker who suggested I get my Honeymoon departure dress professionally washed and pressed, I now have a new Cleaners! Took in 9 items on Monday evening. The Dry Cleaning was ready to pick up Tuesday. The wash, yesterday. Dry Clean - 3 silk sweaters and 1 shirt Launder - 4 dress shirts and my honeymoon departure dress Total cost - $18.71! Cant beat that!! I will definitely be returning for any wash/dry cleaning needs! :)
5	For me, winning the lotto would mean that I could dry clean everything and the cost wouldn't matter. But until that happens, I have a limited budget for dry cleaning needs. So this is why Seville Cleaners is my saving grace in the realm of clean and pressed clothes. At a whopping $1.99 an item, I can feel like a diva by getting pretty much anything in my closet dry cleaned without feeling like I'm going into debt by doing so. Not only does Seville dry clean my clothes at a competitively economic price, they also turn it around before my own dryer would dry my clothes. When you drop off your clothes, they will be ready by 4:00 PM the next day. The next day! Their service is quick and easy and I can get in and out in no time. Another bonus to Seville is that rather than making me play dry cleaning roulette with the final price tag, they charge me upfront so I know what the cost is. This also helps in the speediness of picking up my clothes, because I have already paid! There's not much more I can say about Seville other than that my sister and I have been using them for years and years and I hope they never go away and leave me hanging out to dry -- literally!
1	They put holes in 3 of my cashmere sweaters!  The owner said that I have moths that caused it...moths??? In a one-bed apartment???!!!  Gimme a break.  Nothing was reimbursed, not even the cost of the original cleaning.  A total rip off.  And, they put your clothes in with other people's.  That's probably how the holes became so.
5	I really have nothing bad to say about this Seville Cleaners.  They have some of the, if not THE, most inexpensive cleaning prices in the Valley, and usually have my cleaning done the same day!  Score!There are probably two dry cleaners located closer to my house than this one, yet my wife and I always go out of our way to take our clothes to Seville instead.One oddity: They've never offered me a dry cleaning bag to bring my clothes in the next time.  Every other dry cleaners I've been to has offered a bag with their logo on it to encourage repeat business.  This wouldn't stop me from coming back, but it would be nicer to have something to bring my clothes in rather than my arms.
2	First, let me say that I don't take any of my "good" clothes here. I take my "good clothes" to J Dry Cleaner on Indian School Road and 48th Street. Or, Kachina Dry Cleaners on Indian School and 36th Street. Second, let me say that I don't iron (let the justification drum roll)...Third, I have to wear a uniform (poly/wool blend, in Phoenix, thank you very much) and clean that uniform almost after each wear. I take that uniform and "everyday" clothes to Seville. By "everyday" clothes I mean jeans, shorts, and my husbands shirts that are cheap and frankly, gross Aloha shirts. Those are the only clothes I will take to this dry cleaner, because if something happens, frankly, I don't care. Sometimes, my pants/jeans/shorts are creased down the middle like I want them (and always request them to be done as such). Sometimes, they're not. Sometimes that uniform looks pretty good. Sometimes, it doesn't. I've taken our cotton shirts/blouses in for laundry service, and they looked aweful...I use their coupons for $1.99 each item, which is the only reason I can justify using this cleaners. They're just not that good...But, then again, it saves me from ironing...
2	I was told that this was one of the best dry cleaners in Scottsdale.  I'm increasingly disappointed each time I pick up my dry cleaning. The first time I took in a few items they came out pretty good, although my silk blouses had odd wrinkles in them. What's the point of spending the money on dry cleaning if you have to meticulously iron the awkward creases and wrinkles out of your nice clothes??I recently I made the mistake of bringing in some really nice, brand new work clothes (we're talking $105 skirts, $75 blouses), and they freakin put SAFETY PINS not through inconspicuous seams of the garment, as they should (I know this because my very first job was at a dry cleaner--it was common sense to my then-15-year-old self); they stuck the pins wherever they could--including in the front of a blouse, and though the center of a cotton skirt's waistline.  Thanks for piercing my beautiful garments. Thanks to Seville Cleaners, my wardrobe has been taken down a notch by my desire to have the most cost-effective (i.e. cheap) dry-cleaning. Not only do I waste time driving through the circus of Old Town, but I have to labor over re-pressing every item Seville has touched. It's true--you get what you pay for. At this price, don't expect much.
5	Although beautiful and soft, my Great Dane's fur coat can cause a lot of irritation. Especially during shedding season...Apollo's shedding drives me absolutely nuts. The problem stems from the fact that my closet is filled with black clothing, and I own a light colored short haired half horse/ half dog. Apollo's fur sticks like glue to all of my clothing, especially my nice work clothes and jeans. So, after reading Lindsey F's review about Seville Cleaners, I totally had to give this place a try - and I'm so glad I did! Seville Cleaners has also become my saving grace because I can get my clothing dry cleaned weekly to rid it of dog hair, all without having to drain my bank account! I mean the dog food, toys and upkeep required for a massive Horse Dog are all expensive enough... I don't need to be wasting money on dry cleaning too! That's why this place is fabulous. My clothes always look freshly cleaned and pressed, and I'm not frantically using a hair roller on my pants every morning when I'm in a rush.Seville Cleaners is fast (next day pick up!!), cheap ($1.99 an item) AND friendly (excellent customer service/ they've never lost or ruined anything/they let me know upfront if they can't clean a specific item). They only take cash/debit cards so make sure you've got some green in your wallet. And you also have to pay up front - which makes it easy to get in and out in a flash.Don't let yourself fall victim to your dog's fur coat during shedding season - go to Seville! You'll look like a million bucks without having to spend it.
5	I was driving around and BAM! hit a bump in the road and spilled some coffee on my shirt.  I stopped by this place and asked if they could clean the stain out really quick and the nice lady said she would try.  A few minutes later, she returned with my shirt, spotless and ready to go.  I asked how much I owed and she said not to worry about it!  Def. recommended.  (Their regular prices seemed pretty good anyways though)
1	As far as the quality of the finished product goes, I'd give it three stars. Nothing great, nothing terrible. My shirts were done up. My suit was lookin' fly. I dress nice. The thing that really chaps my ass about this place though is the customer service. The people that work here have to be the most arrogant, angry, miserable individuals I have ever met.Yes, I get it. You have a job that probably sucks, but guess what? Everyone's job sucks to some degree. Try working in a call center where you work with 300 people and you are whipped with chains. I know people who do this. They have it worse off than you. You work at the cleaners. All you have to do is take clothes, put tags on them and put them away.To the management of Seville....teach your employees some manners. Maybe you will earn more business. Sadly...it won't be mine.
5	I looked all over yelp for an affordable dry cleaner with good reviews to take my maid of honor dress to after my sister's wedding. Some dry cleaners in the valley quoted me as high as 15.00 to clean the dress and I just couldn't see spending that much being that I may never wear it again, but I couldn't justify putting it away dirty either... Then I found Seville! For 2.50 they spent 5 min going over every inch of the dress with me pre-treating stains, and then dry cleaned it. Now that's worth it to me! :) I have found my new dry cleaner! Thanks yelp!
4	Ok, Ok, I know I said I would never bring my clothes here, ever again.I was having a rather busy week, so I told my Dad to drop my clothes off to the cleaners. I thought he was going to take my stuff over to Continental where I usually go, but he brought everything to Seville. I was a little upset, but being the angel of a son that I am, I bit the bullet and smiled. I thanked him for helping me out. When it came time to pick up my clothes, I carefully walked in (knowing I slammed them in my past review) and quietly picked up my clothes.I got home, and noticed that one of my shirts had not been cleaned properly. There was a stain on it from what I think was cola. Later that day, I drove back to Seville, and they offered to clean it once more.Flash forward to the next pickup day, the stain was still there. I asked for a manager, and it happened to be someone that seemed to be the owner. He asked how much I paid for the shirt. They gave me a check for the FULL amount. It's very rare that I write a review update that spans a few stars (only DeFalco's comes to mind), but Seville took my crappy situation, and made it right. I was VERY hesitant in coming back the first time around, and it was only because I was forced to. I'm glad everything worked out the way it did. Not because I got a new shirt out of it, but because I got a better experience.Way to step up your game Seville. I'll be back if I'm in the area!
5	I discovered Seville Cleaners off Yelp and I've been pleased. I know that no business is 100%, and the reviews suggest that they have fouled with other customers, but not with me. They are very courteous and helpful. The prices are palatable and the work is good.  On top of that, they have late weekday hours and wknd hours so I never feel like my wardrobe has been impounded because I can't beat closing time. Also, the one day turn around at Seville has saved my ass more than once!  So...good job!
4	I read a couple bad reviews on here and was nervous... took my chances however after trying a different dry cleaners that took me for all my money!  I thought they did a fine job, but went a little overboard on the starch.  Next time I'll be making sure they don't use that, but otherwise I thought it was great.  And unlike the previous post, they didn't put safety pins through my clothes, only the tags (maybe they learned their lesson?)
3	Seville offers quick turnaround times (in by 9 out by 5, which is pretty impressive), and their prices are good, especially on suits ($5 total for pants and jacket). I've had multiple shirts, suits and ties cleaned here, and each time I pick my stuff up, I have mixed results. I dropped a couple of wrinkly ties off, and when I picked them up, they were better, but still wrinkly. The shirts I've dropped off come back with inconsistent levels of starch, and on one shirt, the collar was curled up at the ends...Not a fan of that.The suits I had cleaned there were done well. Cleaned, pressed and ready for action. I'd definitely return to Seville to get my suits cleaned, or if I was in a pinch and was close by.
1	WRINKLEDAll i really want from a dry cleaners is a properly pressed shirt bc I firmly think ironing is a very tedious task.  They buy machines to make this very efficient and that's why we would pay $2 for one shirt.  So when the shirt comes back wrinkled, they are wasting my money AND time.  I really hate feeling cheated.Please use this dry cleaners if you enjoy wasting your time.Admittedly, I am in fact angry .. . .
4	After trying many other local dry cleaners, I found this place on Yelp and love it.  First of all, they do a good job; secondly, the prices are great and thirdly, they're really nice here.   I am extremely picky about my clothes and I can't see any difference between Seville and places charging 7 times as much.
5	THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!I went in for the first time today with some very delicate items that needed to be cleaned. Everything was undamaged, perfectly cleaned and Seville is not expensive at all. Best service I have ever received!!
4	I save a ton of money on dry cleaning... not only because I go to Seville, but because I work in a more casual environment than I did five years ago and hence have less business attire that needs to be dry cleaned each week.  But regardless of how often I have dry cleaning or how big my "pile" gets, I can count on Seville being consistent!They are quick (same day service if you drop off before 9am), reliable (they've never lost an item of mine), friendly, and don't seem to mind too much when I misplace my ticket.  (They do make you sign for it when you do so though).  Their prices have gone up a bit through the years -- they are now charging $2.50 per item -- but this is still much cheaper than some of the other dry cleaners in town.One thing to note is that you prepay for everything when you drop it off.  I'm not a huge fan of this always on my way in, but it makes pick-ups quicker on the way out.The folks at Seville say that they "will take care of your clothes and save you money," and in my opinion they deliver on both counts.  Thanks Seville!
4	This is pretty clear cut.  Super quick, cheap, and above all, clean.  I've only brought shirts and pants here, but every time they come out clean and well starched.  Only downside is that they don't take credit - only debit or cash.  Not a big problem for me though as I only go twice a month.  Go check it out!
5	After driving here from Chicago with all my clothes crammed in boxes and suitcases so that they'd fit a sedan, a lot of my suits, dresses, and other pieces needed to be taken to the dry cleaners. After looking on Yelp,  I decided to take my clothes here. they had great reviews, were cheap, and offering a Yelp deal for first time customers. I haven't taken my clothes anywhere else since I've moved here a year ago and I even dropped off expensive curtains that I had gotten from my grandma and they did a great job on those and it wasn't expensive to do. This place is about 20 minutes from where I live but it's definitely worth it and I haven't had a bad experience yet.
5	To me, all dry cleaners are alike. There's nothing fancy about laundering my shirts and dry cleaning suit pants. What makes Seville top notch is their hours, price and efficiency. I was turned away at 5:59pm from my nearby neighborhood dry cleaners and had to look elsewhere. C'mon, some people have to work till 5 and drive a 1 hour commute! I checked Yelp and Seville's ad sent me to their page. Great reviews, hours that fit my schedule - I'm there. When I arrived, I was greeted pleasantly and they started counting out my clothes. *I mentioned the Yelp ad* and they discounted my order. And, my clothes were done within like 2 days. Don't tell my usual guys, but Seville may have become my new neighborhood dry cleaners.
5	5years with Seville Cleaners.  Great service!!  Polite, attentive, on time and great prices!!
4	What can I say here...my clothes were pressed and ready for me the next day. Rates for single items (shirts and pants) are spot on, surprising for the area they're in. Service was relatively quick even though they were somewhat busy both days I was there. I'll keep them in mind even though I don't live in the area.
2	While their prices are good, the low cost is reflected in the quality of service. They did a good job on my pants but PINNED their tracking label through the cuff of BOTH my dress shirts. $80 shirts with a NEEDLESS hole in the cuff now. When an attempt was made at discussing this with them, the manager pointed out how one of the shirts was 'already pretty worn' and so they wouldn't do anything.I can not recommend using them anymore, as having needless damage done for the sake of their convenience is unacceptable.
4	They do a pretty decent job. I've had the same or worse results but at 3 times the cost somewhere nearby...... *cough* Prestige Cleaners *cough*
3	Yeah, it's cheap. But my shirts come back crunchy. Could be better, could be worse.
1	The WORST dry cleaners I have EVER been to!!!! They DESTROYED my wedding dress!! I can never get that back. I asked the girl there repeatedly if they had dealt with wedding gowns before, she assured me everything would be fine as they had cleaned wedding gowns before and they would take care of my special garment, I get it back and they said they could not clean it, but that they tried and through their attempts at cleaning my dress they stained my white floral details pink, they left their own rust stains or something along the bottom of the dress, they put a safety pin right through the garment leaving a hole and they destroyed all the clasps at the back so my dress no longer closes, I can't even store it correctly because of these people.I cannot believe how much destruction they can do in just one day.Then when I went to pick up my dry cleaning the next day they couldn't find all of it and made me late for an appointment waiting for them to try locate my duvet cover which I landed up leaving without as I just couldn't wait anymore, when I went to pick it up the next day there were rust stains ALL OVER IT!! So they kept it and cleaned it yet again, and when I went in to get it after their second attempt at cleaning it it still had stains all over it, so now I have to take it somewhere else.I will NEVER EVER use this place again and I don't recommend that you take anything you care about here to be cleaned because this is the most destructive laundromat I have ever come across.Seriously, DO NOT TAKE YOUR CLOTHING TO THEM!!!! I would give them negative stars if I could.
3	This is not my first time going to Seville. I have had nothing but good experiences with them until now. I don't know if they have a new hire, but it seemed like it.First off, the launder service is fantastic. They removed a stain without my request (I had no idea it was there) and they replaced a button without my request! fantastic!The reason I gave them three stars...The 4 shirts I had them dryclean (each worth around $180) did not look like they were pressed. The collars were wrinkled, the collar buttons hadn't been undone and the breast and cuffs were wrinkled. I was very dissapointed but didn't find the time to take them back. So if any associate is reading this, please take your time and focus on these issues. You are still the best and I will return without a doubt. I have already sent a friend and he had a fantastic experience as well.
2	I have been a customer at Seville Cleaners for almost a year now and consistently use this store for my family's dry cleaning services.  I work in downtown phoenix, live in Tempe and drive to Scottsdale because I like the services I've received at Seville.  I've never had a problem with the business until yesterday.   I was scrutinized and belittled by two of the employees when I tried to use my Belly app points. They questioned me on how many points I accumulated when it was apparent on my phone.  The points I accumulated equated to $1.50 off, really not a big deal compared to how much I've spent at this business over the past year on dry cleaning.  The employees were also terse and quite unfriendly when I picked up my items. On top of this, when I returned home and checked my clothes, they were not pressed properly and the work seemed incomplete so I now have steam them myself.  This one experience with these employees has certainly left a bad taste in my mouth.  As a customer, I have multiple dry cleaners to choose from yet I chose this business.  I felt humiliated that these employees scrutinized me over a points system and didn't seem to take care with my clothing.  I don't understand why a business would affiliate with the app if you don't want to honor it.  Needless to say, you've lost a loyal customer, I'll take my business elsewhere.
1	Warning! Do not take your clothes here!! I read some of their bad yelp reviews beforehand and now I'm kicking myself in the ass that I didn't listen.  They managed to DESTROY three of the five blouses I dropped off... I'm talking like ripped beading and discoloration from their stupid garment press. They are all about the money and don't care if they lose customers because their cheap prices seem like such a steal. It's not worth it when you end up having to buy a new work wardrobe.
5	Ok, you caught me, I'm not even going to deny this one! I am TERRIBLE at doing the laundry. Personally, I've got about a 3 star rating for how often I actually get around to doing the laundry, and a 1 star for the way the clothes turn out that I do attempt to clean.  My laundry mishaps are a regular occurrence like, shrunken shirts, wrinkles galore, and the lovely "bacon" collar.  Why do I keep torturing myself??Thats it!! I'm throwing in the towel... or clothes for that matter, into the hands of Seville Cleaners!Now that I will be using a dry cleaners on a constant basis, I want one that won't make me pay an arm and a leg.  Don't tell anyone, but I've been using another dry cleaner for years that did that just that.  Yes, they were nice and got the job done, but for the prices I was paying I should have just bought a new shirt. Seville prices have me feeling confident that the dry cleaners will easily fit into my daily routine.  See you soon Seville! or at 4 o'clock for that matter (lovin' that same day service)
4	Good service with good pricing for both dry cleaning and laundry services.
4	Let me preface this by saying I used to work in uniform and I am pretty OCD about ironing. If you're going to do it, do it right. These guys are good. I have used the laundry service and dry cleaning a few times. I was impressed for the most part. I have had a bunch of shirts pressed here and out of 100 or so, I think I was only mildly displeased about 1. I complained to my friend about the press and she assured me I was nuts. So it was probably just me. The prices are good and turn around is quick. This is my go-to place.
5	Best value in town! Never a lost item. I drive from North Scottsdale when I have more than 6 items needed dry cleaning... Highly reccommed this place!
2	Service and turnaround was fine.  Overall dry cleaning quality was ok, however coupe issues:- some creases in my pants- lots of shirts had buttons replaced- a couple shirts gave me really bad     reactions on my neck.  Made it itchy and red.  Never had that kind of reaction before going to this dry cleaners.  Great price, but some issues.
5	They always do a great job, they are inexpensive $2.50 for any and all garments that's fantastic!  And as long as you drop off the items before 9 you can pick them up same day!
4	Mediocre dry cleaning. I want to like this business..why? 1. I like to support Yelp advertisers 2.prime location!!! It is literally around the corner from me and I will probably still go there once in awhile out of convenience.  Once or twice I called rushing to get there before they closed and they waited a minute over closing time which was very nice of them. However, this review is simply based off of satisfaction with my clothing.  Almost every time I have come there I have to ask to redo my shirts.  It drive me nuts because the employees are nice about it.  When I woke up today and had 50 dollars worth of clothing needed to be dry cleaned I drove 20 minutes to my old favorite cleaners in Arcadia.  I knew that I trust them with my clothes and after years, never had to deal with such an inconvenience.  I'm sorry but had to only give 3 stars. I might be back one more time.. only when I have to.John I read your message and appreciate that so I updated my review out of appreciation towards your response. I want to come back because it is convenient. Thanks for caring
1	I will never be back to this place. I have had countless clothing items redone. The worst feeling is when you have to ask for the employees to redo items and then come back for it and they are just as bad. The owner agreed that the quality was very poor on my dresses (wrinkly and creases) I came back and he left a note saying this is the best we can do. Wrinkles and creases in the front and back. I had to go to my parents in Arcadia to use the steamer and get it out. This is one of those places that is convenient because it's close and I have made excuses saying the staff are so friendly and some of my clothes look alright..but after one occasion where a 100 dollar dress was ruined and then so many redone items that look like crap I am so over this place.  Worst review for the worst drying cleaning I have experienced. Sorry I'm not sorry
5	This place is great!  At my place of work we have to continuously get our linens cleaned and this has been our company of choice for many years.  They have very kind employees and have always provided wonderful service.  Not only are their prices awesome but management is too!  Thank you Seville Cleaners!
3	Cheapest place in town!  This place does a good job with dry cleaning.  When you take your clothes to get laundered, they come out with stains, and broken buttons constantly!  Luckily, they always make good and replace the shirts, but it gets a little ridiculous when you can't find the same shirt again!
2	Update: When the management contacted me I went back in to the business and showed them the damaged shirt. He agreed with me and paid me the fair value of the shirt. While I'm not sure if I'll use them again, they certainly did right by me in refunding the cost of the damaged garment.
5	Cash or debit only. Best prices in town. They make dry cleaning so affordable. I've been coming here for three years and will continue to do so. The majority of my work clothes are dry clean only and I've never had an item lost or damaged. If you bring a stain to their attention they are usually able to remove it. Just like any laundered item, not EVERY set in stain is removable (i.e. You spill Clorox on your dress... Just throw it out). I'm not sure why some people are complaining. Out of the dozen or so dry cleaners I've used, Seville has always been friendly, fast (same day service) and efficient. Thank you for raising the bar on dry cleaning.
5	They are amazing. Some of us all know what it's like to work all day everyday and never have time to do laundry or let alone make it to a dry cleaners on time. So sometimes it all piles up, and before you know it you have nothing to wear to work! But on multiple occasions they hooked it up when I brought my bag of dry cleaning 2 hours before I had to work and had it done in time for me to come back change and get to work! They rock!Staff is always so friendly, and they do a great job with the press! I'm pretty anal about having creases, but they make it look like it just came off the rack at the store! I bring high dollar dress shirts and pants there and can be assured that when I get them back I won't have a single blemish or rip or anything wrong with them! ALL IN ALL!! EVERYTHING ROCKS WITH THEM! -Andrew Caccia
3	I'm torn. I really want to give this place another star or two. I'd like to preface this by saying that Seville Cleaners has been my dry cleaner of choice for the last 3 years since I discovered them on Yelp. What keeps me coming back is that my clothes come back exactly how I want them every time. Over the years, I've been to a few other cleaners and my clothes would be a different size or hardly cleaned at all. One thing I can't seem to fathom is the fact that they have all these little fees that are pretty annoying after a while. They don't accept credit cards at all, and if you want to use your debit card there is a $.50 add on charge. The year is almost 2015! People hardly carry cash anymore. And now with Apple Pay and Google wallet less people will be carrying cards let alone cash. I thought businesses stopped charging these petty fees years ago when more affordable merchant services started being offered. Today I didn't have cash, my wallet or apple pay and I asked if there was a way to pay when I pick up. They answer was yes, but only if I agreed to a $5 additional fee? Come on, really?! You have my clothes as collateral for Christ's sake. They're worth more than cost of cleaning, I'm not going to abandon them!Is .50 or $5 going to break the bank? Of course not. Am I still going to do my dry cleaning here. Yes, they do a great job. But would it be too much to ask that Seville doesn't penalize their customers for using a card or paying at pick up? I think not. Please look into some new payment services so that you don't have to charge your customers for convenience to shop with you.
4	Great bang for your buck. I was a first time customer there and got 50% off my entire dry cleaning bill. Now that's a bargain.Shirts and pants were dry cleaned nicely without any complaints. This will be my dry cleaning spot from now on since it's very affordable, close to home, same day service,and they do a pretty decent job.
