5	Great service, great experience.  They are going to be stuck with me until I finish school.  What a wonderful new salon and spa!
1	I paid for a package. A being a haircut. B being highlights or lowlights. C being a nail appointment etc. I booked A because I needed a haircut. The stylist told me to combine A and B. I said I wasn't sure because I like my hair so soooo dark that I don't like highlights but maybe super dark lowlights. He said highlights would look good. I insisted they had to be dark brown and just a little lighter than my hair. He said ok. He washed the foils out and I have like 5 streaks of bleached blonde streaks in my hair. I look awful. Then the boss said they can't combine A actually so no haircut. Now I'm at a real salon getting it fixed and paying AGAIN!!! I will never buy a cheap package because you really get what you pay for. I was crying as I walked away. After throwing the package certificate at them and telling them I wouldn't be back for the other parts.
5	Great service, adorable salon! I love the way he cut and styled my hair for my birthday! I got sooooo many compliments! I did the package, and was so pleased with the price and the amazing service I got. I will definitely be going to them to do my hair, facial and nails as long as they are around.
5	My experience at this salon was absolutely amazing! Everyone is so sweet and friendly, and they show their passion for what they do. They give you the best advice and consider every word you say. They are very talented individuals :) I will definitely return...
5	Thanks, Flourish Salon for making my hair look & feel great!  My stylist listened during our consultation and we came up with a great plan that was under promised and over delivered!  Beautiful color (high and low lights), awesome cut including long layers and stunning blow out that lasted...Fantastic!  Once word gets out, this place won't be a secret for long!
5	I bought the package that is mentioned in the other review and I am a FAN. Markis was my stylist and by the time I left my sides ached from laughing so hard. Each time he has done my hair I left feeling very " Vidal Sassoony" The products they use, I love, and I will continue going back. Every one has a unique experience. I enjoy being able to support a local small business.
5	Markis is a color GENIUS!! 20+ years experience is all I need to say about his service and his personality is the biggest seller to me. Ever get a typical hair service and leave feeling like you weren't heard AT ALL? Go see Markis. I have never seen the same person more than twice for a hair service and I'm keeping him. I highly suggest if your mane matters to you that you do the same. He offers you a glass of ice water, sits down with you to discuss the whole process, and is a refreshing joy in conversation! As soon as the make-over is done this location will have people crawling to it as long as Markis is there, guaranteed.
5	Markis is the best!!! He is an awesome stylist and a super nice guy to boot!
5	Tori is an awesome, amazing stylist, the best! I am bringing my daughter next time, I know she will love her too. Everyone there is so friendly, I feel like I have known them for years! I'm sorry I don't agree with the negative comments. Mark is very friendly and always makes me feel welcome. Every time I have gone in the same employees are there and I think they are all great.
5	Marc Stephen Salon was previously Flourish Salon and Spa and was recommended to me by a friend that recently had a wonderful experience with her cut and color.  My appointment was for a cut and color with Markis who is from New York and has been doing hair for more than 20 years.  Markis made me feel very comfortable, he consulted with me thoroughly to find out what I wanted my end-result to be.  I wanted him to get rid of the brassiness in my blonde and give me a more youthful cut.  Markis explained that he has had extensive experience with blondes and I could tell he was eager to get started.  During the color process I felt very comfortable in Markis' confidence and could tell he was very experienced.  Once my color and toner was done processing he started my cut and again, his confidence made me feel relaxed and at ease with the hair that was falling to the floor!  By the time he finished styling my new "do" I was so excited I couldn't wait to get home and show my honey!  I walked out of the salon with exactly what I was hoping for and can't brag about Markis enough! Send to a Friend  Link to This Review
5	I had a fabulous experience. I felt really taken care of and received a fantastic color and cut. They are having great deals right now ... Call and ask about them!
5	I just relocated to the mid-town area from N. Scottsdale and was in search of a down to earth salon. Flourish is not only down to earth but the stylist was very attentive to her work and of course my hair. I was able to walk out of Flourish feeling good about myself and even happier with my wallet! Thanks Flourish!
