5	Grade: A-Excellent food. Good service. Hotel Restaurant. Go figure.
4	I rarely go to restaurants located in hotels but because it was late and I was tired I tried this one in the Hilton Hotel. Very good food! It's on the expensive side but the grilled salmon on a plank, cauliflower, served with fresh bread and Wisconsin butter was very, very good. I had a cheese plate, all from Wisconsin, was excellent too. Recommended if you're looking for a steak/seafood kind of place. It's very close to the state capital too. Hmmm.
3	nice, but kinda pricy for that quality... well since it's at Hilton, should see that coming. btw, the cheese there is really tasty, I bought some extra to enjoy back home.
2	I arrived late at the Hilton on a business trip to Madison on 8DEC08 and due to the snowstorm, decided not to venture out to eat. So I went to the hotel restaurant 'The Capitol Chophouse' for dinner. Due to the near empty state of the restaurant, only a large (~20) party in the back room and one other family of 4 a table away, I was seated immediately. The decor is neither unique nor offensive, jumping on the current generic steakhouse decor with the bar having the alcohol bottles on under-lit glass shelves behind it and the main dining part of the restaurant dimly lit with dark wood wainscoting and blood orange red walls. Flowers and vases stuck to that deep red and orange theme as well. I ordered nearly immediately. A petite (8 oz.) Filet Mignon ($34) ordered med-rare and a side of sauteed mushrooms and waited... and waited... and waited. It took 45 minutes for my order to arrive, by which point my waitress had already apologized three times for the delay, even though it was not her fault. When my steak arrived and I cut into it I was immediately dismayed to discover that it was not 'med-rare', but was instead 'well done'. Maybe the overcooking is why it took 45 minutes?!? No trace of anything even remotely pink in the middle. I immediately pointed it out to my waitress and she agreed and apologized once again. What was once a pretty good piece of meat was now essentially a dog chew toy. She asked me if I wanted another, but at that point I was too hungry to wait any longer. About halfway through my gnawing on the overdone steak the manager arrived and apologized, unfortunately he didn't offer to do much about it (reduce the price, comp me a cocktail or dessert, etc.). He only commented on how they had changed the mushrooms to a bourbon saute and asked my opinion. I agreed that they were pretty good as I had been smothering the steak with them in order to choke it down. I consider myself a BBQ expert and I know how only 30-seconds to a minute on inattention can completely alter the cook level and texture of seafood or meat. While I can't fault the service, if you are a steakhouse and you can't get the cook level on your steaks done correctly (and in a timely fashion) you need to fire someone in the kitchen and find someone who can...especially when you are charging $30-40 per steak and the place is nearly empty.Considering the price (over $50 w/tip and w/out wine), if I make it back to Madison I'm taking my future business to Tornado Steak House.
4	Decided to go here for Restaurant Week and was not disappointed.  Was slightly confused about where you are supposed to enter since we weren't staying in the hotel, but once we found the hostess stand we were seated right away.This place was packed but it didn't feel like it because the ambiance and lighting were so well done.  I loved the pictures and the decor.  The waitress was very friendly and knew what she was doing.We ordered two bottles of wine and immediately got warm bread and homemade butters which were fantastic.  I ordered the steak and potatoes with the fresh seafood appetizer.  The appetizer was perfect and great and the entree was even better.  My steak was cooked to a perfect Medium Rare and I ate it all.The prices were extremely reasonable given the portions and service and I would certainly go back again!
3	Came here for Restaurant week because I can't afford their regular menu normally.  I had the NY strip and the boyfriend had their salmon.  Both of these are also on their regular menu, I believe.  The atmosphere here is intimate and cozy.  Even though we were seated not 4 steps from a larger table of 6 people, we were never bothered by their conversations.  For whatever reason, I kept getting lost in this place as I couldn't figure out which was was in and which way was out.  The bread is fresh and I enjoyed it, especially with their accompaniment of sun dried tomato butter, sweet cream, and honey cream cheese.  My favorite was the honey cream cheese.  My NY strip was tender, but the baked potato it came with was pretty average.  The salmon wasn't especially impressive either.  I had an appetizer of mini shellfish sampler which came with an oyster, half a crab leg, and a jumbo shrimp, which was pretty good but I wasn't wowed.  Everything was fresh, but there was nothing special about the preparation.  Although, I find this to be pretty much the case in general with steakhouses.  Tender beef, but not much else that's noteworthy.
3	I gave an overall 3 stars because I took into considerationt these 3 factors: taste, price and serviceTASTE: Everything we ordered here was delisioso! My husband and I had the wagyu beef carpaccio infused with olive oil, with capers, permesan and wonton skin for appetizer; and we agreed to give 5/5 for taste. The meat melted in your mouth, and everything combined together was so good. We told the waiter that we wanted to share everything, and we order the wedge (salad), prime ribeye bone in, and lobster tail. They were nice enough to split the salad to two plates (and big portion, i must say) but the taste was so-so (3/5). The ribeye and the lobstertail was superb (4.5/5). The meat was juicy tender and tasty. We also added crab oscar sauce on the side (for extra price), and greeen peppercorn sauce (free). The lobster was.. well.. fresh (I am not a big fan of melted butter for your seafood but I got no complain).oh and gave you three different kinds of butter, all of those were soo yummy.PRICE and SERVICE: Everything was expensive, and they didn't have anything complimentary for your main entrees. You have to order sides (fries, asparagus) etc., or even the sauce for your steak. I don't mind the price as much (considering the restaurant was part of HIlton Hotel, if I am not wron) but the service did not qualify for  a 4-star hotel at all. The waitress we had was slow, and she was not busy serving other customer. She spent much time talking with the bartender around the bar area. She was not aware that our surf and turf was missing the turf (lobster tail), until the manager pointed out that to her. She was not aware if we had our salad yet, and she was busy talking and drinking soda at the bar.  Thus, the price combined with the service was 2.5/5.Combining the price service and taste, we decided to give it 3/5 stars. Had it been a middle-price restaurant, I would have given it 4/5 stars.
3	I was staying in the hotel and tried the restaurant based on the scores. The food was good but not great. The wait staff is courteous and attentive and the wine list is good.  I had a halibut dinner special that was not on the menu.  As I said good but not great. Will be looking for other places while in town.
4	We went for restaurant week. The food was good, the service excellent, the atmosphere nice. My husband's steak was not the best steak ever, so perhaps at full prices we would have been a bit disappointed, but the rest of the meal was quite good. We brought our baby and felt comfortable. There was a range of people dressed casually to very dressed up, and the restaurant had a pleasant buzz but was not loud.
5	Excellent food, wine and service!
4	Nice menu with a variety of different cuts of meat. My boyfriend and I both ordered the new york strip. I ordered truffle butter and Bearnaise sauce with mine, and my boyfriend ordered a blue cheese crust for his. The steaks were cooked well, and tasted great. The truffle butter was great, but we were both a little disappointed with the Bearnaise sauce. We also ordered soup (french onion- made with a brown ale for me and clam chowder for him). Both were very good. We shared roasted garlic mashed potatoes as well. The meal was very good, but I agree with other yelpers that it was a bit pricey.
2	The food was good, but I've had better and the prices were higher than the better that I've had.  This was table wine in a champagne flute.  I won't be back.
3	I was staying at the attached Hilton hotel and against all my rules, decided to eat in the hotel (10f and just stopped snowing)I had the 16oz Prime Rib with mashed potato and asparagus.  The meal was very tasty, the service was OK, but the prices in this place are a killer.$30 for the Prime Rib was pushing it, but to then have to also purchase the sides made this a $50 dinner and into the good, but not that good category.
2	Went here for restaurant week last year and definitely will not return.  Our waiter was snobby and seemed like he didn't want to wait on us but only did so because he had to. We got the prime rib sandwich and it just did not live up to our expectations in any way. The meat was better on its own and was tough and hard to eat. I won't be recommending this place as I feel it is overpriced and overrated for the quality of food and service.
3	was staying at the hilton and didn't want to order room service, the weather was bad outside so decided to treat myself to a nice dinner. my server was very nice and provided wonderful service.  she told me about the half orders of the sides and mentioned how generous the a la carte portions were. i had the chopped salad (half order) and the prime rib and mashed potatoes (half order) and i really enjoyed every bite. couldn't finish the prime rib and potatoes so i consumed when i returned home.
4	After a couple of drinks at the Olive Lounge, I walked across the hallway to Capitol Chophouse. We got nice seats by the windows, it was weird seeing the people who live next to the hotel trying to do a BBQ out in the cold.Started off with red wine and white wine. Love the huge wine glasses, but it makes it hard to keep track of how many glasses you are drinking. Started off with nice warm rolls with 3 types of  butter: your normal yellow butter, sundried tomato butter (amazing!) and jalapeno cream cheese. The sundried tomato butter tasted so good, must be because of all the fat oh well. I had a Caesar salad for an appetizer and oh my gosh, it was huge. They were very generous with the cheese too and it was delicious. For my main course, I had the special of the day which was halibut with a thin crust of hashbrown on top in white wine cream sauce. The fish was very soft and the cream sauce was oh.. so creamy. The sides are huge and meant for sharing. We got the mushroom which came with pasta. The mushrooms had some truffle oil and smelled amazing.I wish I could have desert but I was too full.I forgot to mention about parking. If you park in the hotel (Hilton Madison), its $3 per hour, you might want to consider parking on the streets.
3	Very clubby. Good steaks. Excellent service. Expect to pay premium prices
2	One of the worst steakhouses I've been to in Madison.  The food was absolutely terrible.  The only reason I'm giving it two stars instead of one is because the salad and dessert I got were decent.  Otherwise everything about the main dish was bland, unseasoned, and undercooked from specification.  I even tried the other dishes people in my table had gotten and they were all just as bad.  If you're in the mood for a steakhouse that's downtown I would recommend going to Delmonico's instead.
4	This place is located in the heart of the capital city next to the Hilton hotel. They have a somewhat limited selection, but I enjoyed it nonetheless. The sides are sold separate of the entree as is the case in most Chophouse's.
5	Did the Thanksgiving buffet there.  Everything was fantastic
4	I tried this place out for a celebration of my best friend's engagement.  Price wasn't a concern for such an occasion.The service was great, exactly what you'd expect in a high end establishment.  The tuna tar-tar and oysters were amazing.  Three of us got the prime rib.  It was the best I've ever had (well, next to a place that has been closed for a decade).  Perfectly bloody and tasty.  My girlfriend went with the Filet Mignon.  I almost regret her choice, she is continually begging me to take her for it.  I don't think I've been to a steak house that had better food.And, to top everything off, I had a Beer Float.  Yes, beer and ice cream!  If you're an adventure eater like me, this is worth the trip itself.The price tag and location are the only drawbacks.  I didn't like parking in a hotels huge ramp and then finding my way there.  Other than that, this is phenomenal steak house.
3	Good, not great. For the price, there are better steakhouses to choose from in Madison.
4	The restaurant is a Midwest institution hidden inside the Hilton. Hint: eat at the bar and get to know Mary.  She will advise you in current kitchen hits vs. misses, will craft a mean cocktail, pair the perfect in house wine option and offer her unique wit. Pluses: best chopped salad in the city, decent carpaccio, reliable tuna dishes,  and reasonably priced steaks. Drawbacks: fairly restrained menu, but it's a steakhouse with all the core essentials.
4	went with a group.had a good table in a private room; had some apetizers, oysters, shrimp coctail, crab cake.the crab cake was not good, other appetizers were good.had the t-bone 24 oz steak it was very good although it was more rare than a medium should be.all in all, it was good but very pricy.
5	When we lived in Madison, this was a frequent date night stop for us.  Typically, the service is really great, the ambiance is romantic and the food great and consistently great.I am a fan of the little things.  I always enjoy the different spreads to begin the meal. I once had a cherry butter that was amazing but has eluded me since.  Their shrimp cocktail and chop salad are fantastic.  I normally go for the bone-in ribeye which is great.  Please remember that medium at most steak houses means slightly red in the center which is just the way to order it.I like that the food is often local, the deserts are great and change with what is in season.  I truly miss this place.  A recent visit to the "best steakhouse in Seattle" has left me longing for the chophouse experience.
2	Meh.  It was OK.  We were in Madison this past weekend for our 1st Anniversary and I really needed to find a place the first night that I could make reservations at seeing we were dining with our 7-month-old daughter - weren't sure how she was going to handle a long dinner out -  and I also needed a place that well, makes a damn good steak.  I figured it was safe to assume that something with Chophouse in the name would make a decent filet.  Things started off very promising.  Our server, Liz, was incredibly nice and was wonderfully sweet to us and our little girl.  She was very apologetic when it took a ridiculous amount of time to receive our first course - carpaccio and she even removed it from our bill.   She was great and she is the reason for one of the stars.  Finally after the carpaccio - which was quite delicious, not overly flavorful or brilliant, but good enough - we received our Caesar salads which were actually brilliant and delicious and receive star number two.   Though, in a "chophouse" a salad should NOT be the highlight of our meal.  FINALLY, our steak comes out.  We both ordered a filet done medium rare and while their level of doneness was not an issue, it was just the most absolute boring filet I've ever spent $38 on.  It was completely unseasoned and looked like it came off a Weber grill out back.  Scratch that, a filet off a Weber grill out back would have been far more delicious.  I was expecting something far more luxurious - a nice solid sear, etc.  This did not meet either of our expectations at all.   We went with the a side of mushrooms and they were pretty good.  By no means the best damn mushrooms I've ever eaten, but they were pretty good.  All in all, this place was a big miss for us and left a bit disappointed.  I kept saying we should just got to Ruth Chris', take our daughter to a chain, it'd be easier, this and that and dammit - we should have.  We certainly wouldn't make any effort to go back here, nor would we recommend it to anyone else.  The food just did not match the price point they seem to believe they're at.
3	I've only been here once because Capitol Chophouse sucked my wallet dry that day.I had the 18 oz. ribeye, which was juicy and tender. The Capitol chop salad was pretty good too. I have absolutely no complaints about the food itself.But I just can't justify coming here. The $$$ sign on Yelp should be changed to $$$$. Capitol Chophouse is definitely a pricey restaurant. I'm assuming it's because rent downtown, and especially within a hotel, is high. For the price you pay, there are surely better options out there. Try Tornado if you haven't already. Costs are more or less the same, but the quality and options are a lot better.
4	I'll make this short and sweet:Wine - a delicious Syrah.  There were plenty of reasonably-priced options to choose from.Appetizer - Clam Chowder.  Yum!Entree - I got the king crab legs.  They came pre-opened, which I love because then I do not have to get messy.  The legs had plenty of meat on them, and tasted/smelled/looked freshly-caught (Which I always appreciate when I'm hundreds of miles from an ocean).  My date had the filet.  I tried a bite and it was delicious, but I still prefer Tornado (Although I'll give Capitol Chophouse another chance).  We got a twice-baked potato as a side dish.  It was ENORMOUS.  It was also delicious, so I highly recommend you order one (Maybe to share).Dessert - Creme Brulee.  Perfect finish to a great meal.I can't help but compare my experience at Capitol Chophouse to my past experiences at Tornado.  The menu options and prices are very similar.  I've tried the crab and filet at both restaurants, and if you forced me to choose I'd have to give a slight advantage to Tornado.  Having said that, eating at the same place over and over can get stale.  If you're looking for some delicious seafood/steak offerings and want to switch things up, give Capitol Chophouse a try.
4	Very nice establishment, especially for one connected to a hotel.  There steaks are very good and the service is very professional. I recommend the chopped salad for a real treat
2	Hilton Monona Terrace has always treated me exceptionally well, so it pains me to give this restaurant such a low score. I ordered the chop salad and the ceviche. The chopped salad was delicious - finely chopped, tasty blue cheese, zesty dressing. Then the scallop ceviche came out ... the scallops were canned, the avocado was the type you fine in a bag that gets squeezed out, and there were 2 sprigs of cilantro. By far the worst ceviche I've ever had, and after 2 bites - my stomache turned. Maybe the other dishes are better, but my ruling is this is just another hotel restaurant/bar. There is better food not a half mile down the street at Graze and Et Tiot. I will walk there next time.
5	I have been here several times for work. I always sit at the bar. If Mary is working, you will have a great experience. Great drinks, excellent food and phenomenal service. There may be better food in Madison, but you will not find better service.
5	My husband and I were on a trip to WI the last week of June. We wanted a special night out, so we went to Madison and happened upon Capitol Chophouse. I'm glad we did. The service was great, the food was amazing (I had the grass fed ribeye), and the ambiance spectacular. I loved the historic building and the retro furnishings.Thanks for a wonderful evening out!
5	Mary is great!  others comments about her are spot on.  sensitive to the needs of those at her bar.  the Chop Salad is fabulous.  don't miss it.  curious to try the other offerings...  wish I hadn't had so many snacks earlier in the day...  I suspect the kitchen is well run.  my food was lovely and quickly received.  fresh.  pretty.  made me want to eat slow and enjoy every bite fully.  wish I had the appetite to accommodate the Restaurant Week menu...  maybe tomorrow?!
3	I can't say that this is my favorite upscale place in Madison. But the ambience is great - my boy and I visited here on our first official date!The steaks are good, you can feel safe here asking for a black and blue (which is even rarer than rare!). Seafood is good here too. I like it here, but my favorite thing is the bread and butter!!?!?!?! There's always 3 different kinds of butter/cream cheese - 1 regular and 2 special flavors. so gooooooddddd. Otherwise... I'm alright about this place.Ambience is great but somehow the tables are too huge when a couple sits across each other.. A little loud to chat across the table though. In summary, come here for a special night to get steaks done just the way you like or for some lobster Mac and Cheese ;)
2	Not terrible, but not really worth going to for the price.
5	My boyfriend and I both love this restaurant. We ate here twice during our four days stay in Wisconsin. Cheese Goat brie is awesome. Lamp chop is awesome too!
5	I've been in here since this place took off. My roommate's friend was working here at the time when the chef was trying out new menus.I love the cozy downtown darker dining experience and the restaurant has an overall upscale feel which compliments the meals that come out from the kitchen.Get a good deal on dining during Restaurant Week which this restaurant regularly participates.
3	I DID like this place until they discontinued my favorite gin. I was very impressed they had it in the first place (I had one). They assured me there was more but that wasn't the case. The bartender Lee, however, the day before, gave me exceptional service. The food is above average.UPDATE:  I got charged $6 more for vermouth, even though I had it straight up without, but because I said "martini"???  Go figure!  Dumb   Downgraded due to being dumb
4	I'll admit from the start - I have only been to Capitol Chophouse during Madison's Restaurant Week.  With that said, it's a must on our list every season because out of all the restaurants serving lunch, it is the best value.We started off with the tomato and mozzarella salad - our server let us know that the tomatoes were from the farmer's market and the basil from the restaurant's garden - and the "onion gratin," aka french onion soup.  Both were nicely seasoned and solid dishes to order.  We both ordered grass-fed beef burgers for our main dish and this is one of the best in Madison.  You ask for medium-rare, you get medium-rare. While that should be par for the course at a steak house, I have found a lot of places in Madison like to tend toward medium-well at least.  The budget is BIG and came with fries - so I decided to save half for later, which made for a tasty late night treat.For dessert they had a cheesecake that sounded good, but neither of us could pass up peach cobbler with vanilla ice cream.  The cobbler was made in its own ramekin which meant the crust-topping went all the way to the edges and the fruit was warm until the last bite.  For $15, you can't beat that deal and I'd venture to say it's worth a lunch time stop any time you are in the mood for a solid burger.Also, a special shout out to the service here.  Our server, Candace, was knowledgeable about the menu, personable, and made the experience all the better.
1	We had dinner here during Restaurant Week and needless to say, I was extremely disappointed.  While I understand that Restaurant Week normally brings in a different type of clientele to Madison's more upscale restaurants, that is no excuse to provide terrible service.  Not once throughout the duration of my 3 course meal was I asked "how is everything?" "is your steak cooked properly?" "did you enjoy your meal?" Nothing. There was no explanation of the restaurant week menu either. By the time my entree was delivered my drink was empty, and I was never asked if I would like another. The extent of my servers comments were a simple "here" and "you're welcome". I was looking forward to the opportunity to politely share my comments with the hostess on our way out, but we were also not acknowledged then either. In my life, I have never given a restaurant or a server negative feedback. I also have never been treated more poorly.Just thought that it would be worth sharing so that others who take advantage of an opportunity like Restaurant Week are not similarly disappointed by such rude service.
