5	I have never done yoga ever and on top of that my first class was HOT yoga! I loved it. Every hot, steamy moment of it! My fiance and I are doing it two times a week and I am really enjoying our new lifestyle. I am more energized and I am seeing results in just the few weeks that we have been going. I love our instructor Dray. He is so amazing and helpful. He pushes you and instructs you in a way that makes you want to push yourself harder. We enjoy his classes so much that we move our schedule around in order to attend his classes.
5	I've been practicing Bikram yoga for over three years in Las Vegas and have been to every Bikram studio in the valley.  Bikram Westside is by far the nicest facility.  The front desk staff is very friendly.  The studio is clean, spacious, and modern.  The spa-like locker rooms are huge with free electronic lockers.  The yoga room itself very nice.  My favorite part are the doors to the room.  Glass doors with the Om symbol etched in!  You can see the Redrock mountains from the yoga room while you are practicing, it's breathtaking.  All of that is not even why I go there.  I've been practicing long enough to see the difference with teaching styles.  The teachers at Westside are awesome.  Dray is one of my favorite teachers there, and I'm not alone-he has a following.  He is amazing.  Whether you are brand new to Bikram or are a traveling Bikram veteran you will love his class and this studio.  I'll give this one six stars!
5	After having a horrible experience at another studio on the other side of town I was a little hesitant to try Bikram in LV again.Thankfully, Westside totally exceeded my expectations.  The class was not overcrowded, the room and floor didn't smell, the temperature was well regulated, and the instructor was friendly, sympathetic, and energetic.  The entire Westside facility is so nice including the entry foyer, the studio, and the locker rooms.  Although I don't live in Vegas, my fiance and I have a timeshare there so we're in town pretty often and will continue to take classes at Westside whenever we are around!
5	Love the staff and atmosphere...Very welcoming energy! I'm a big fan of Dray's class.
5	I've been going for a bit now and I have seen great results, not just physically but I have felt an overall energy that has entered just about everything that I do.  I have to say that the staff and instructors here are the BEST!  They are always open to questions and very helpful during the classes, you can really tell that they want to help you do the best for your practice.  The atmosphere fosters a great energy that lends to growing and being your personal best.  The facility itself is well maintained and always clean.  Overall its a pleasure to practice here.  If you want a challenge and were looking into Bikram, I highly recommend Bikram Yoga Westside.
5	I started Bikram class down at Green Valley but I'm so happy that I found this location, that is soo much closer to my area.  Staff is nothing but motivating and helpful and just what I had been looking for.  After a month or so of really coming to the classes and focusing, I'd notice a big difference in the mental and physical aspects of my life.  I owe this all to the awesome instructors I've had classes with so far.  Michael, George, and Frank are my absolute favorites, but that is to say that I haven't taken much of the other instructors due to my schedule. I've heard they're all amazing.Though Bikram may seem like a struggle at first, just stay committed, hydrated, and never eat 2-3 before class; Otherwise you'll probably end up throwing up, seriously!  I am hooked.
5	Best Bikram studio! The room is bright and large. Carpet clean with only a mild odor. The people behind the desk were helpful and friendly. The water selection included SmartWater (which I often get) or RealWater which I never tried until today - I like it.The men's changing room was great, and had lockers that were free and lock-able. Instructor- Ashlyn - was superb. Energetic and motivated but not harsh or dogmatic. Her attention to the temperature in the room was masterful - always just right. Great place!
5	I've been coming to this studio for about 4 months now.  I first signed up for the introductory month for $40 (great deal) and I went for 26 days straight.  After my month was up, I felt like something was missing!  I had totally become addicted to Bikram Yoga.  I signed up for 4 more months for $300 (they had this promotion in June).  I really love the instructors at this studio.  Frank is definitely my favorite!  All the instructors are very encouraging and help you correct your poses.  The studio itself is very clean and doesn't smell too bad anymore - I think I just got used to the smell!  The locker room and the showers are very clean.  If you are thinking of trying Bikram Yoga, you must come to this studio!  You will not regret it.  You will feel really great after class!
5	A year ago my sister came across a living social deal so I decided to try it out with her. I definitely enjoyed the class. I've never really worked out before and I've never done any other type of yoga. But I really fell in love with Bikram yoga and have been practicing for over a year now!I saw another review about the Bikram yoga itself but I don't think that's what the review should be about. It should definitely be more specific to this studio, the teachers, and service. You can't go to a boxing gym and hate on the idea of boxing and give the gym a bad rating, not really fair right?The studio is located at Hualapai and Twain on the second floor of the building. While practicing you can see the beautiful view of mountains behind us through the mirror, or when you're doing a backward bend. The studio itself is very nice and well decorated. It's very clean as well. There's a sitting area in the front as well as the hallway, between the bathroom/locker room and the actual room the yoga is practiced in. In the hallway there's a cubby for shoes or personal items. In the bathroom/locker room there are a few stalls. I think about 3 showers. And lockers that you make up a combination for each use. I'm definitely a clean freak and the bathrooms are always cleaned and well stocked. Seems like the trash is always being taken out because they're almost always empty even though a ton of people go there! I've also noticed right before class the sink area may be a little messy with water from everyone's use but immediately after class I always find that it's already been cleaned up. The teachers here are great! I think I've taken a class taught by almost all the teachers at least once by now. They definitely have a passion for Bikram yoga and you can definitely tell when they're teaching. Which is great. They are all very inspiring. I practice this yoga not only for the physical benefits but the mental benefits as well. I love that the teachers share their knowledge of both benefits through out class, it always gives me motivation.The staff is very nice as well. They're very welcoming, friendly, and attentive.The studio sells Vita Coco, which I love. They also sell yoga clothes, sandals, accessories, mats, etc.If you like to practice Bikram this is definitely the studio to do it at. If you're looking to try something new I also suggest this studio because the studio, staff, and environment is great! They also have good deals, monthly. Which reminds me they have a monthly email news letter. I love it because you can tell they're really engaged with everyone that practices there as well as with other businesses in the community.
5	I am by far not a full fledged yogi, but I have had several sessions at bikram yoga westside, and I can confirm that this type of yoga improved my way of living simply because I found it cleansing.The studio is clean and large fitting a good 30 to 40 people with room to spare. There are men and women locker rooms with a sitting area right outside of the studios. The view is amazing from the studio seeing the mountains and clear skies is simply mind blowing, which sometimes distracts me from my poses. The instructors are great and very helpful. I haven't spent time with all of them because I like to change it up from time to time. Some instructors will allow the calmness, while others encourage/push you to do more than what you think you're capable of. With that said, if you want "no talking" type of session that won't be possible here and that is where I personally like the challenge being able to find my center and still be able to push myself further with an instructors assistance.Their website has monthly deals so keep an eye out for a bargain, and if you've never been to this location there is usual a groupon or living social deal that pops up.
5	I have been going to bikram yoga for 5 years. Like some of you, I have streeks of working out and streeks of life's madness interfering with working out. I have been to a few studios and this studio has been the best for me. This studio makes enjoy the experience and equally motivates me. Imediately as you walk in you are greeted by the front desk. They are helpfully and understanding of what ever situation you have. The locker room has spa combination lockers, your valuables are locked without having to bring a padlock. In the yoga room the wall behind you is a window that stretches the length of the wall. This window gives a beautiful view of the red rock mountains. Instructors are truly amazing. They all have their different personalities and methods. I get something different from all of them. I recommend trying different instructors until you find you favorite. Or do as I do, go to multiple instructors and learn from them all. I am a of short reviews. I can only write a larger review if I think the business deserves it. I highly recommend this studio. If you are new to. Bikram then this is a great place to start. The shape I get in and the. Flexibility I Gain from this class makes me happy with myself. Enjoy!
5	This is a great facility. The staff is knowledgeable and all the teachers are great. It does get very crowded here so come early to get mirror space!
5	Great place with clean, nice bathrooms and studio.  A world apart from Bikram Yoga Summerlin which smelled horrible and had old, outdated locker rooms. This is a great studio and I can't wait to try all the different instructors. After yoga you can go down the street to Rachel's Kitchen for a fresh squeezed juice or smoothie. BONUS.
4	In many ways I am a glutton. Now I can add glutton for punishment to my already long list of addictions. I went in today for my first session. Being a new practitioner of yoga, this feels ten times more difficult. Carolyn M. and I got there 30 minutes early and was talking to the staff up front about what to expect. Bikram is practiced in a 105 degree room for 90 minutes and moves through 26 poses. At first it was challenging, but by pose 12 an intense sense of nausea was rising. Take a knee, remain in the room, and keep breathing is the suggestion. Do not rush out of the room if possible. I did the exact opposite. I felt like I was suffocating. A great endorsement for Bikram right? As I was out there, Ashlyn called someone over to sit with me. I didn't catch her name, but she was very positive. Told me many regulars have the same reaction from time to time. I made my way back in to start the floor poses. At this point, I was unstoppable. Mind over matter and all that jazz. 90 minutes is excruciating long in some of these poses, but Ashlyn was encouraging and told us to listen to our bodies. I am excited to go back and see the progression in my practice. The best part is the shower that awaits you after class. The locker room is pristine. Bring an extra towel if planning on using their facilities.
5	This review is based on the studio itself.I've been doing Bikram for close to a year now and I recently moved to the Las Vegas area from Houston, TX. I initially chose this location because of the special deal they had for the month of May. Well first off, as an introductory special if you purchase a month it's only $40 and to add to that, the special for May was pay $199 for 2 months and get 1 free. So I pretty much got 4 months unlimited for $240 and I couldn't pass that up. Typically 10 days PER MONTH costs $120, could you imagine how much UNLIMITED would usually cost? This studio is like any typical one I went to in Texas, very clean, nice locker room area, small cubby holes to place your belongings, etc. The practice room is an adequate size, i've never been to class here where it was just too packed to fit my mat anywhere. I think what I enjoy most about this place compared to the ones I've been to in the past though, is the scenic view you get to admire during the classes. The studio is placed on the 2nd floor and while you're looking in the mirror performing your poses you get a panoramic view of the mountains behind you. So calming and beautiful as you watch the sun set.Instructors are nice, recognizing you're a new student they'll help you with posture adjustments and encouragement throughout the class.
5	This place is so far my favorite Bikram studio. It has such a gorgeous view that that alone warrants the 5 stars. However, the two teachers that I had here were the best ever, the facilities were outstanding, and the service from the front desk was unmatched. I wish it was closer to where I live, because this would be my studio!Bikram Yoga Green Valley was undergoing maintenance and getting a new floor, so I could take classes either here or at Summerlin while it was being finished. Since I had been to the Summerlin location, I went here instead, and I am so glad that I did. My classes with Frank and Tall Red Head Girl (I can't remember her name and I am so sad!) that I had last week a few different times were so eye opening and improving to the practice I have been doing in Henderson. They were really helpful in giving specific corrections to me and others, as well as workshopping a couple different poses throughout the class to improve everyone's yoga. The locker room/shower area was also super clean and spacious--you didn't feel like you were hogging anyone's space. Plus instead of lockers that you have to bring your own lock, they have fancy ones that you just pick a code and go. It was really nice to not have to worry about my lock key or whatever when I was supposed to be relaxing and working in the yoga room. 5 stars for Bikram Yoga Westside--I wish I could teleport to you, but alas, I'll have to stick with Green Valley.
5	I was visiting a friend from out of town. While I stayed with her she recommended that I go for a class with her. After that one class I was absolutely convinced that I love this place.The staff: From the moment I walked in I felt right at home. The people here were warm, friendly and sincere.  John who was my instructor met me before class. He was eager to help make sure I was comfortable and had everything I needed. Instructors:Since this was the only class I had here, I will only tell you about my instructor John. He is a long time passionate yogi with over a decade of experience. He was very positive, patient, funny but especially knowledgeable. You can tell he really cares about his students. What made the class great for me was that he spoke clearly and specific enough that I had no problem with any of my asanas. For that matter,I especially appreciated was his personalized attention. He made sure everyone of us had excellent form. I was able to get more out of my asanas than most yoga classes I have been to because there was enough time to concentrate on getting them right. He even cheered us on for doing a great job.The Classroom:I found the classroom to be very comfortable and spacious enough. It was on the second floor, with a very nice view. The floor was also carpeted and clean. The temperature was just right for hot yoga. My class was at 11AM so it wasn't too crowded when I was there. Considering how tall I am I needed the extra space.The Students:I found the students there to be friendly and uplifting as well. There must be a lot of positive energy here that rubs off on other people around them.The facilities:I can't speak for the male lockers but I found the female locker room to be very clean, and the private showers were stocked with organic shampoo, conditioner, and body wash. That's a nice touch. After effects:After class I felt completely refreshed and euphoric. Later that night I drove back to LA  feeling peaceful and relaxed. The next morning my gym workout was much better. I even ran an extra 2 miles. It was most likely from the yoga.
5	Friendly, knowledgeable staff. Clean, calming environment.
5	Bikram Yoga Westside has amazing instructors. This studio is great for beginners & seasoned yogis alike. To be specific, beginners, you have to take Dray's class. The facility is great & the staff is extremely welcoming. Be sure to stop in & make yoga a part of your lifestyle.
5	Great class with Frank
4	I like the vibe of the place. The stuff is very friendly and professional. It is a great place  to relax and get an amazing work out/detox. Excellent work people. Wish you much success.
4	I love this place! The only negative is that the instructors don't know how to run the specials and the cashier is not there early morning, when I normally go. It is clean and the instructors are very nice and personal.
4	Great Instruction and class. First time here and they made me feel very welcome. I really liked the class and will definetly be back for more.
3	This Bikram studio is about 15 miles from my house but I saw the groupon for it and decided to give it a try. I usually go the the Bikram Green Valley and will probably end up going back to the Green Valley studio for several reason. The first thing you will notice when you walk through the doors is a strong smell a BO. I knew even before stepping into the class the there was carpet instead of hard flooring. The Groupon that I bought is for ten classes and I have done four and I just cant help but feel a bit nauseated each time. In Bikram the class is usually at 105 degrees at 40% humidity and if you have even done a class you know that you sweat a ton. It is hard for me to focus when all I see are pools of sweat soaking into the carpet. Many people consider the act of doing the yoga is the most painful part of the class but for me it is walking on the pools of sweats to and from my spot in class. The instructors on the other hand are my favorite part of this yoga studio. They really make every brutal class fun and worth you wild. They have a true passion for yoga and motivate you to push yourself through each difficult pose.
5	Home studio, gotta represent!!!  Fav instructors: Dray, Michael, Frank.  Most Bikram studios are similar. What makes Westside special is the 2nd story view of the mountains, but you won't see them because you're focusing on your one and true teacher RIGHT!!???Men's locker room is clean and spacious. Careful some of the combination locks are out of order, and the 2nd shower head has been missing for as long as I can remember lolNamaste ^^
3	I normally take Birkam off Decatur and the 215. However, bought a groupon here to try out a new studio and new instructors. If you've taken Birkam yoga before, you understand the class structure and the script. Each class has the same postures and the instructors follow a set dialogue. This can get a little mundane after so many yoga classes. However, one of the instructors here, Dray Gardner had a refreshing new take on the script. His instructions were attentive, motivational, and totally on point. He had us concentrating but laughing at the same time. It was a refreshing break from the traditional Birkam process.So, why not 4 stars? The classes were really crowded and the ceiling in this studio is low. It can be hard to see yourself in the mirror to correct your posture when everyone is packed in like sardines. Get to the classes earlier, or you'll be left without a spot.Yoga freaks: this is for you. Before class, it was super super hard to get in the right mindset. Everyone was fluttering around talking about full volume, walking all over the studio, coming in and out of the room a million times...Have some respect, please. It's cool if your friends are in the same yoga class, but keep the socialization hour outside the classroom when the rest of us are trying to get focused.Opening the doors. I don't understand why some Bikram instructors open the doors during class. The rooms are supposed to be regulated at a certain temperature and humidity. If your studio isn't regulated properly, introduce some fans for air circulation. It's shocking to my body to get a blast of cool air from outside to be returned to what now feels like an even hotter room. Just leave the doors closed.
5	I love this studio. I came in on a Groupon special almost 3 months ago and I was totally hooked after a few visits!  The staff and instructors are wonderful, the class times are convenient and frequent, and the facilities are maintained.I've never attended any other hot yoga studios so I don't have much to compare it to... But for now I'll be staying here at Bikram Westside for my yoga practice for sure!
5	LOVE this studio. A beautiful view of the mountains can be seen through the reflection from the front mirrors. I've been doing Bikram yoga on and off for 8 years and Dray is by far the best instructor that I've come across. He's funny and constantly giving inspirational quotes throughout the class. I went into the class a bit down and anxious about a problem I had but came out of the class with a smile on my face and feeling like I could conquer the world. He gave tips to us who are more advanced, that pushed our limits further. Frank is also a wonderful instructor too. Definitely trying to convince some friends to join me at this studio
3	As all of you hot yoga lovers know, you can go broke trying to reach your sweat drenched, half naked, well deserved nirvana.  So I was ecstatic when I nabbed a 3 month unlimited Groupon here, which was an amazing deal because   Their class schedule spans all day long, and offers plenty of options that are easy to make.  On weekends the class times are a bit limited, ending at 1pm on Saturday and 3pm on Sunday.  I wish they offered a 5 or 6pm Sunday class time.I really enjoyed almost all of their instructors, such as Patrizia, Dray, Michael, Frank, and Anthony with exception to Ruth.  On my 2nd visit to this studio, I had the misfortune of attending Ruth's class.  She delayed class by 10 minutes  to allow two new students to join.  Most yoga studios are sticklers for starting class on time with no late stragglers allowed in the room.  I had arrived early and picked my area of the room strategically, and I don't mind scooting over to allow others to fit in, but Ruth forced me to move directly under a heater where I nearly passed out.The studio is clean and convenient, with one hot room.  The hot room floor is a carpet, which concerned me at first, but it was always kept clean and odorless.  They have cube shelving just outside the room, which I found extremely convenient to store my things during class, instead of having to squeeze into an always packed yoga studio's lady locker room.
5	Love this studio! All the teachers are great and friendly! Facilities are good. The women's locker room is always immaculate and very nice. My mom and all my friends use this studio! I highly recommend this studio to anyone wanting to try bikram or looking for a new studio
4	Great Bikram studio with excellent bathrooms and hot room floor.  They had lockers with locks so that was convenient.  The pricing is excellent compared to other studios I have experienced.  My issue was some intructors opening and closing the doors during class to let air in.  It was distracting. I thought the room was supposed to be regulated to a constant temp and humidity.
