5	The fast and the furious is the only way I can describe Bright Smiles. I called at the beginning of the week to schedule an appointment for a cleaning. They had an opening for the next afternoon and I took it. My schedule was for 4:30 and got there early. Within five minutes of me sitting down, I was called into the back. The most time consuming aspect of the visit were the x-rays. Once the assistant finished, the dentist came and worked his magic. It hurt at the beginning. It has been some time since I went in for my last visit and he did an immaculate job. I have never seen my teeth so bright and clean. Go in at 4:10. Got called back 4:15. Walked out of the exam room at 4:45. By 5:00 I was already home. What? Unheard of.
5	I started coming here when I first moved to Las Vegas, so I've been a loyal customer for going on seven years now. Yikes!To be honest, I chose them for two reasons. One, they were covered by my insurance and two they were located fairly close to my house. The dentists and their staff are incredibly friendly and efficient. I think the longest I have ever spent here for an appointment is 30 minutes total and that included wait time in the waiting room, X-rays and a cleaning. That's unheard of with any other dentist I've been to. I can't deny that's a big reason I keep coming back for more. They recently moved from their location on Rainbow to this newer location on Post. I was a little bummed since I liked their proximity to my house, but I like their service quite a bit, so I remained loyal. It could also have to do with my laziness, but I'll leave that for another time. All in all, this is a great dentist on the Southwest side of town and I've recommended them to a few friends who have been quite happy with their services as well.
5	As egotistic as this sounds I often get compliments on my smile. My secret? Brushing, flossing, retainers, and biannual checkups at Bright Smile! Alright I lied, I don't floss, but that's why we go to the dentist rightttttt?I've been a patient at Bright Smile for something like 7 years. The staff is quick, I always get a reminder post card, a day before reminder call, and dentist swagbags. The procedure is always the same, I get walked in, get some x-rays, say hi to the dentist, get my teeth cleaned, polished, and swagbag! I've accumulated so many Oral-B toothbrushes, Crest toothpaste, floss and mouthwash that I don't know what to do with them. I have the luxury now of just taking my free stuff to a trip and just tossing it after. Their new location can be a little difficult to find when all the offices and buildings look exactly the same. Take a right turn at the round-a-bout on Post and go all the way down in the business complex. Their office is incredibly accommodating. I don't know how many times I've (naively) made appointments in the morning, but miss my appointments (oversleeping of course) and reschedule the same day!By the way I hate the word swagbag.
5	Been coming here for about 2 years. Beautiful and clean office. Super friendly staff. Haven't had a bad experience yet. As for as the dentists go, i think they are all fantastic!!, i haven't had any cavities or any other dental problems. What more can you ask for right?
5	I've been coming here for 8 years and still just as good as when I first came in at the old location. They relocated about 2-3 years ago and the office spa is much more roomy and the reception desk is much wider. Overall, it's clean and friendly office.  Both dentists are USC graduates.
