2	This Fry's is the closest Grocery Store to my new apartment. I just moved in over the weekend, and went out exploring the neighborhood. I have been to a few Fry's grocery stores in the Tempe area before, and generally liked the stores, but this one felt inferior. I found the place to have a feel of the Ghetto Pavilions that I went to on occasion while I was still living in Long Beach. The aisles are narrow and dingy, with holes were product should be on the shelves. The main detraction is the cashiers. The young lady I had the misfortune of dealing with was rude and not helpful at all. Maybe it was that I was a bit more enthusiastic than the normal customer, but she seemed like she was having a bad day. She looked like she has had several bad days in a row, and her hair was messed up and her teeth were nasty. The courtesy clerk (I know the official title, because it was my first job as a kid) did not ask me what style bag I preferred, and stuffed everything in a single plastic bag, which he ripped. The carts all had bum wheels, and the parking lot was filthy. I'm not going back. Instead, I'll plan my grocery trips and head to the Basha's a few blocks from here.
1	It took me a while to understand why, exactly, this Fry's Food Store location is the worst one in the entire state of Arizona, bar none.  This particular store is used as a training grounds for general managers and their "sidekick".  I had asked in the past why so many go in and out of that place and was told "well, it's just the way Fry's likes to operate, move them around".  I did not give that answer much credibility, why would a company bring in and out new store managers so frequently?  But, recently, a conversation with a lower level manager that has been there for years answered the question: the come here to train and then are promoted.Meanwhile, the customers are the ones that pay for it.  I could go on for 10 paragraphs - at least - about the horrid customer service I have received at that store or have seen others receive.  The customers going into that store are, basically, guinea pigs.  See how things go with yet and two-some of general manager and his/her assistant coming in there.  See corporate suits coming in attempting to "check up" on them, but it does no good.  It's a wonder that those managers are promoted to better stores when they cannot deal with the issues in that store and more importantly, show NO interest whatsoever in dealing with it.  I will copy and paste some of the entries from my blog about this particular store and a few of my experiences there.  I live a mile away from this store, I used to go there almost exclusively to do my grocery shopping, but between the management at the store and corporate management's lack of interest to do anything about it, I have cut my visits to that store and my spending there substantially.  Also, it was only recently that they finally upgraded the store from a very trashy interior to a LITTLE bit more modern decor.  It is still lacking greatly in any charm and appeal as far as the interior goes, but it looks better than it did before they did the "upgrade", which is nothing like the upgrades I have seen at many of their other stores.  Further, the parking lot and the sidewalk in front of the entrance are usually littered with trash and cigarette butts.  Shopping carts more often than not have garbage in them.  This store relies mostly on it's 8 station self-checkouts rather than live cashiers.  I have seen relentlessly a large number of people standing in the 2 lines that are normally open for full service checkout with management doing nothing about it.  The self-checkouts are a pathetic joke.  First and foremost, a screen almost ALWAYS appears saying something like "an attendant has been called to help you".  You didn't ASK for help, you just wanted to finish checking your products out, pay for it and get out of there. On several occasions, I have actually gone to the general manager's office (at that time, the general manager's name was Kim) and have him come out and show him the screen and his employees, standing at the front of the store, gabbing it up and paying absolutely no attention, whatsoever, to the 1, 2, 3 people waiting for help or even more often, NO-ONE in sight attending it.  That's right, the general manager would come out and see the screen that demanded I wait for help and NO-ONE at the station to help with it.  Several times, not just once.  One time, the lady that was supposed to be attending the self-checkouts was in the produce section, doing whatever.  The produce section in that store is at least 100 feet away and you can't even SEE the produce section from the self-checkouts.This particular store is simply a maze with customers used as rats and new general managers being brought in and out of there for training purposes only.  If you would like to receive quality customer service, I  would suggest you completely avoid this particular Fry's Food Store.  I would also note here that this store is not a "Super" sized Fry's, it is MUCH smaller, again, you are a lab rat in a maze and only there for the preponderance of helping yet another general manager.........come and go.
1	Update. I was in there earlier this week.  I had gone through self-checkout and after I was done paying for everything, I examined the receipt before I left the store.  For whatever reason, pricing comes up wrong often enough on any given product that it is worth the 60 seconds to stand there and make sure you weren't over charged.Well, I was charged $9.20 for cube steak that was on manager special for $6 and change.  I went to the Customer Service desk in the back.  An older woman was standing there arguing with the service rep behind the counter. This went on for a minute or 2 - the woman was arguing about the sale price and why she didn't get it and the rep finally told her that she needed 2 more items to get that price - it's the buy 10 deal.  Well, the woman goes to find 2 more products for that sale - the customer rep does NOTHING!!!  In other words, we were all supposed to stand there and wait - there were 4 of us in line - while this woman traipses around the store and comes back with whatever other 2 products she was going to get!I was having none of that, that rep should have either cancelled the transaction and started taking care of other customers or should have switched over to the other register or should have called for more help.  I asked loudly: You mean that we are all supposed to stand here and wait for this woman to come back?!! The rep did not reply to me at all.  She just laughed.  I replied to that that I would be going and getting a manager to deal with her and her attitude.   I back to the self-serve checkouts  while watching this nonsense unfold at the customer service desk.  I asked for the store's manager.  Meanwhile, the old woman finally returned, but apparently was arguing about something else.  I waited several minutes for the manager to come out.  The lady that finally came out was not the general manager, but her assistant.  She had the charm and personality of a rock.  I pointed over to the customer service desk and told her the situation.  That old woman was STILL there.  We're closing on on 15 minutes now for ONE single person to be taken care of at that desk!!  Well, this lady and another, lower-level manager go to a register to take care of my refund.  That old woman was STILL there!! The lady said she would take care of it, but I neither believed her nor was anything that was happening at that customer service desk to be translated into real life as even remotely acceptable.  But, THIS is the kind of customer service that you will receive at this particular Fry's.  Has been that way for years now.  I called corporate when I got home, the lady said no-one was available but that she would forward it to the right person the next day.  Sure enough, the next day,the store's general manager was on the other end of the line, calling me.  I explained the situation to her in detail.  She became rather indignant about the situation, apparently she had "empowered" her employees, all of them she claimed and had given them training on simply dealing with the situation instead of making all kinds of people wait and/or potentially losing customers of 25 cents.  Just give it to them - the sale price in this case.  Not give anything to anyone, not saying that, but if it's a sale price and a customer doesn't understand, DEAL WITH IT, don't go calling management over a few pennies.  Well, the lady at the customer service desk apparently didn't get it.  She should have, by this policy, given the sale price to the customer instead of arguing with her over what "must" be done in order to receive that sale price.  In other words, the situation that went on for over 15 minutes could have been dealt with in a few minutes if she had followed this general manager's instructions.I'll give the newest general manager kudos for taking a much different approach to this type of problem, even though it didn't work.  She stated she would be ending this problem with cashiers arguing with customers.  Perhaps that may be so, but about the time she gets that store "whipped into shape", she will be undoubtedly shipped out to a bigger, better Fry's somewhere and corporate will bring in a new set of managers to be trained - at this particular Fry's.  And then, we will be at ground zero.  It's funny how many of the employees at this store - who have been there for years - will revert back to "old" methods once a general manager is shipped out of that store.  Old methods meaning standing around talking and laughing it up while customers go completely ignored and neglected that need help.
2	Updating.  Management has changed yet again.  I do not have much dealing with management in this store anymore because of the frequent turnover and the fact that I just got tired of dealing with it.  But, some things have improved.  Much of the "regular" store employees have been there since I started going there some 8 years ago and much of the attitude has greatly improved.  The self-checkouts are handled and managed much better now, but I grew weary of those long ago with the constant problems. If there is a full service lane available or even a moderate wait, I will go there instead. I still use self-checkout, but not as much as I used to.  I could go to another Fry's and I often-times I do, but this one is a mile away from my house.  It's much smaller than most Fry's.  A store next to it went out of business some time ago, an opportunity for Fry's to expand the store, but they didn't.  The main problem I have with this store is the frequent-enough turnover of management.  Customers are Guinea pigs to be treated to whatever service the current management wants to dole out.  It is a training store for management to learn and then move on - learn, that is, at the expense of it's customers.Updating: 9/1/2013 - they have changed management yet AGAIN!! Whatta joke!
4	Pretty much for all the Fry's in this area! Every one that I called around looking for balloons for my son's BDay party were so helpful and directive! I definitely needed that great service (from the floral/balloons department) when I was stressing the morning of!  :)
3	I've never had any real problems with this store.  It is your typical lower income neighborhood grocer.  What really bugs me about ALL the Fry's stores is their waste with receipts.  Call me a hippy, but more than half of the receipt paper has nothing to do with my purchase.  I buy 1 item and they hand me a receipt 12 inches long!  With all the stores doing that it equates to many thousands of pounds of paper wasted every year unnecessarily!  Hundreds of trees are dying because these guys just don't give a shit.Ya, ya, I know, it's probably the least of this companies waste issues, but it's one that's handed to me every time I shop there, staring me in the face.  I don't like it and I don't like supporting it.
4	Fry's is one of my favorite grocery stores. The staff is very friendly and and their prices are very reasonable. I am in to couponing and no place can beat the many of the deals combined with coupons for items.  They automatically round up any coupon to $1.00 and let you combine multiple coupons up to 3 with their deals as well.
4	Best grocery store in Phoenix area. Today, I'm looking for a special BBQ sauce, Carolina Gold. They didn't have it but their produce was great! Lots of pretty fruits fresh, juicey and great flavors, especially the plums. Clean store, friendly service.
4	I ALwAYs shop at Frys! This fry's in particular. There are always great weekly deals, as well as sales such as the mega sale happening right now. I have the frys food app on my phone, so I always look up coupons before shopping. I LOVE the free Friday downloads they have also. I don't know of any other grocery store that does that. I would go back to this store every time I can.There clearance section in the back of the store is also great :)
5	Love this store! Always clean,. Always fresh items. Very friendly staff. Hardly any waiting for check out. Absolutely love this store. Has much better variety than other stores in the area. Worth the drive if you live in south central Phoenix. Love love love this store!
4	I live right by this grocery store and have been going here for years. I don't think I've ever left unhappy. They got nice employees and their customer service is awesome. I usually go here for produce, meat, drinks, and just really anything I can eat, lol. Nice environment and not a bad place to go to if you looking to buy groceries. It is just an overall great place to shop at when it has a homey atmosphere with kind people.
3	We were like, Frys has groceries also? As all the Fry's we have in the Northwest are just electronic stores! (Including the one in Oregon that looks like it was formally the Incredible Universe, Which the Fry's in Tempe also looks like)So anyway, in regards to the grocery store Frys, the prices seem pretty good, seems a bit strange though to have some security guard at the front door (I guess they have a lot of people stealing here?) I wouldnt mind seeing one of these in the Tacoma area.
1	This frys holds the biggest award for trash. Trashy ghetto customer, trashy customer service and lazy ass people. This store should be burned to the ground with everyone in it.
4	I've only dined at this location for a quick deli experience. I am not into cold cuts but their lunch specials on hot menu items are worth the trip to the store during my busy lunch break. You can do a single meal deal for as low as $3.99. An example is a chicken breast both fried and crispy along with two sides. The only issue is when the hot sides are not available especially during lunch because the kitchen did not properly organize the time to have anything ready can be disappointing. However you can grab some of their many delicious salads as a side. The service is always friendly. They get you in and out. There are two mini tables to dine at if you want to eat onsite.
