3	This is a great place to go and get a good salad. The menu features featured salads with kitschy names like "It's Chic to Be Greek" and "Chinese Chopstick" or you can come up with your own "unique" salad by choosing from all the different lettuce mixes, vegetables, dressings, cheeses, and meats. All salads either come in "Jr" or "Full" sizes. They also offer a few types of wraps.If I sound unenthusiastic, it's because I am! I have nothing against a good salad - in fact, the Stetson Chopped at Cowboy Ciao, the Grilled Vegetable at California Pizza Kitchen, and the Broadway Pea at Kincaid's are all noteworthy salads in my book and would make me remember and return to those restaurants in the future. However, that being said, I just don't think the majority of salads are all that special or satisfying, especially not for a main course. I need substance to my meals, and a salad usually just doesn't cut it. Now I don't want to unfairly bias people against this franchise concept  or this location - the salad I got (the Chopped Veggie) was chock-full of really fresh vegetables and the roasted garlic vinaigrette was really flavorful, and it was a lot of salad for $5. But it just didn't give me that satisfying feeling I get after having a meal with carbs or lots of protein. If you love salads and the concept of getting a salad specially made and tossed to your specifications (sort of like the "sandwich artistry" Subway has made famous but with salads), you will love this place. If you want a truly full belly, you may want to take your $5 elsewhere. Like Quizno's. Just kidding, of course.
4	Salad Creations is the bastard child of Cold Stone Creamery and Sweet Tomatoes.  They even have a crazy spatula-esque contraption to chop up the meat into more bite-sized pieces within your salad.I'll admit, I was slightly overwhelmed at first, but it wasn't too confusing and the employees are incredibly patient and helpful.  So I decided to have the full sized salad, which ended up being much bigger than I could actually handle.  Next you choose the greens from four different bins hanging behind the the employees: mixed greens, romaine, spinach, and ugh, iceburg.  The employee puts the chosen greens into a large mixing bowl, and adds as many options as you choose.  I believe the menu said there were 40 options, but I'm not sure if that included the meats and dressings, or if it was just the vegetables.Meat costs extra and they have handful of varieties of them.  Shrimp and Wild Alaskan Salmon cost extra. **record screech** Did I just see Wild Alaskan Salmon? Not that crappy farm-raised garbage that is full of pesticides and other toxins?  Whoa!  Now I'm impressed.I take my lovely salad down to the register and decide to splurge on a cookie.  The cashier points out to me that the cookie is outdated, but says that if I still want it, it's free. BONUS!  And even though that cookie was dated the day before I bought it, it was a moist and incredibly delicious oatmeal raisin cookie.Maybe eventually I'll tire of this place for salads, but with so many possible combinations of veggies, meat and dressings, I'm guessing it won't be for awhile.
3	This place is an "upscale" version of Sweet Tomatoes. Aside from the layout and some of the ingredients, the two places are essentially the same. I was expecting an impressive array of salads and toppings, but instead found the same ole' same ole'. They do offer wraps, soups, and desert a' la carte, but they didn't seem to be anything special. You can either pick your lettuce then all your toppings, or chose from their 11 "Featured Salads" where they combine an already set menu of toppings to your salad. Neither option is self-service and you have your "salad chef" add ingredients to you salad by pointing to the glass as if you were at Subway or Chipotle.My eating partner took the custom salad approach and I chose one of their featured (Favorite Chef Salad) salads. For each selection the portion sizes are excellent and each option costs about the same depending on how much meat you add to the custom salad. I believe that if all that you are having for a meal is a salad, then you should have a decent amount of protein in it. Salad Creations also believes this and charges you a bit much in my opinion for the option. In conclusion, Salad Creations is nothing special. Anyway, both salads were alright at best and nothing to write home about. The staff was friendly, the restaurant was clean, the ingredients were fresh and there were several decent dressing choices. However, if you want a salad with all-you-can-eat toppings and and few extras, just go to Sweet Tomatoes. It costs less and you get more, but you don't all get the "protein" options that Salad Creations offers at a price.
5	I came back to this place since I got hooked on a Sample on the way st Star Trek... They got me good...You enter and theres 3 refrigirated Lettus dispeners in the wall! I haven't been this excited since I saw Red wine on TAP... +one star$15 for 2 giagantic wraps... more expensive then Subway but worth it I thought...Rosted BEETs! Great...
3	I go here frequently because it's only a couple miles from my work and much better than the nearby Souper Salad. I usually order a chicken caesar or salmon salad. The chicken is flavorless and costs extra, but without it I'd probably still feel hungry after. I noticed that when I first started going earlier this year they filled the bowl to the top with lettuce, but now it seems like they only fill it half way. I like that you tell them what lettuce and toppings you want instead of your typical salad bar where you always wonder who touched or sneezed on the food. They chop your salad which is very nice. The dressings are good, but unless you like a ton of dressing make sure you tell them you only want a little because they put a lot on. They also have a punch card and punch it 2 times if you get a large salad (only costs $1 more), or 1 time if you get a small salad. Overall it's an OK place to get a salad.
