1	I emailed my order more than 48 hours before the day I needed to pick up the cheesecake cupcakes (as per their instructions), and got a confirmation about 12 hours later saying everything was set and I could pick up my order at 11 a.m. on Wednesday.  At 10:30 a.m.Wednesday, I got a voice mail saying they were running late, and I couldn't pick up my order til 12:30.  I needed the cupcakes for a noon meeting, so that wouldn't work.  When I called back, the woman on the phone was completely unhelpful and said she could "maybe" deliver them, but it still wouldn't be til after 12:30.  I told her to cancel my order, and I'll never order from them again.  They seemed completely overwhelmed and in over their heads with terrible customer service to boot.  Not once did she even apologize for the inconvenience.
3	I got a really nice apology call today from the owner after she saw my review.  Customer service seems to be a dying art these days, so I'm always impressed by businesses that go above and beyond.  That said, I'm changing my rating to 3/5.
5	I bought a groupon awhile back and thought I would put it to good use for a friends shower. I don't remember who I spoke with but she was very helpful and suggested a lot of different cake ideas. I decided to go with their red velvet sheet cake with cream cheese icing that was decorated with blue rattles and baby booties....very cute! To say that the cake was delicious is an understatement....it was the moistest red velvet cake I have ever had. I will definitely go back to try their cheesecake and would highly recommend this place!!
2	Unfortunately, I cannot comment on the cheesecakes; as I didn't get a chance to place the order. I called the store 2 weeks ago and left a message. I even sent an email; as I understand that some people are better with emails than returning calls. I didn't get a return call or a reply email. I called today to see if I can finally place an order and I hear a message saying, "The store is closed and will reopen in the Fall". I had a Groupon that expires September 7; and the Fall could be late September, early October... I called Groupon to get my money back... well as Groupon bucks; but that's better than nothing. I do things waaaaay in advance and I figured a good 3 weeks or so would be enough notice; and I was wanting this cheesecake for a birthday for June 1st. Customer Service goes a long way; and it would have been nice to receive a reply back through email stating they were closing for a while, busy, someone is sick... something. I can forgive that... but no response? That's pretty cold. Ah well... guess I'll just bake my own cake.
1	I did not receive services nor any  appropriate correspondences regarding any update or notification that my order would NOT be fulfilled.  I called the day of the expected delivery date to find out from a voicemail greeting that they were not open until Fall.  And the order transaction still cleared my bank account.  (I'll have to report that to my Bank.)I went to Sweet Lorraine's Bakery instead and will DEFINITELY order from them in the future, as well as refer our friends and family there - they have GREAT costumer service, made an Amazing Custom banana pudding cheesecake at the last minute for us, and were very communicative.  The bad Yelp Reviews about Jazzy Cheesecakes held to be true and I am disappointed to find out, after trying to give them the benefit of the doubt.
1	I ordered a cheesecake for Valentine's Day that could not be delivered due to the snow storm. When I ordered the cake via phone the lady, who picked up immediately, was very nice and pleasant to talk to. I am not going to lie, I was very excited about the variety of cheesecakes they offer on their website, even though the online order option did not work. HOWEVER, until today (6 days after Valentine's Day) I have not received the cheesecake nor have been contacted by anyone via phone/email to reschedule the delivery or get a refund. I was already upset in the first place that nobody contacted me on Valentine's Day (or the 3 days prior to Valentine's day that I called) that a delivery would not be possible. Of course I understand that safety comes first, but I would have valued the communication. I literally have been calling Jazzy Cheesecake everyday leaving voice messages and emails. The closest I have come to any form of resolution was an email back asking if I want store credit or re-delivery. When I told him I would prefer a delivery, the contact ceased yet again. After numerous calls and voice messages yesterday and today, I have given up on my pursuit of Cheesecakes. Reading all the other comments, I seriously think Jazzy Cheesecake scams customers. I would not recommend buying anything from them. Thanks for the perfect Valentine's Day gift....
1	SCAM! Do NOT order from here. They took my money, never delivered the cheesecake, and just stopped responding to my messages. When I reported that incident to my bank, they said they delivered on time. After reading this, I am completely shocked that it happened to others, too.
