5	I was in deja vu for waxing services. I had a wonderful experience. The staff was extremely friendly and made an anxious client feel so comfortable. The facility was very clean and i would definitely go back for another visit.
5	This is my first med soa since i moved to the valley and got to say it is the best i have been too! The staff is friendly and the facility is very clean and nice. I was recommended by a friend and glad she told me about it. Sandra has been my doing my treatments and she is wonderful, very friendly and helpful!! Totally recommend this place!
2	The services at this place are great. They do a good job and they usually offer some sort of deal/special. However, the girls at the front desk can be rude depending on who is working. I had made a laser hair removal appointment here and paid for all 5 sessions up front before I even started. A few days later, they call me 30 minutes before my scheduled appointment to cancel. This was a little too late to call to cancel. I was told they were having problems with their laser hair removal machine and would call me as soon as it was working. Fast forward 2 weeks and still no call. So I called them and they said it STILL was not working (a little ridiculous if you ask me). They told me they would call me when it was working (again). So 3 MORE weeks go by and still no call (keep in mind these people have recieved $500+ of my money before I even started the laser hair removal). I finally call them and the girl working the front desk tells me it is working. I asked why no one called me and how long ago it started working? She told me she didn't know to both of my questions and was quite rude. I figured since they inconvenienced me so much and had gotten all of my money up front they would maybe offer me a free service or coupon. I got nothing and the girl was quite rude to me for being upset. I work in customer service answering phones all day and I would never behave in a way like that to a customer (someone who is paying your paycheck!).
5	A friend gave me a gift card here so I booked a much needed birthday massage and facial.  This place is fabulous! Beautiful details throughout spa that is clean and very well maintained. The ladies lounge is stocked with amenities like beverages in the waiting room and toiletries in the changing/rest room/shower area (deodorant, toothpaste, even feminine products). These type of details carry throughout the massage rooms too. The staff is friendly and makes you feel welcomed. I had the best massage ever by Laura. She is an experienced professional and the best part is she makes you feel comfortable. She is knowledgeable, courteous and really got all the knots out! It was truly a relaxing experience!! I also had a facial which was great too. My only comment would be that since I mentioned it was my first time to try microdermabrasion, I thought the session would be a bit more informative as what to expect during the derma-abrasion treatment. I was impressed with the high quality product line the use, Obaji and Jan Marini lines.If you're looking for a posh and professional place to get pampered with resort-style attention, Deja Vu Med Spa is it! I'll certainly be on the lookout for any future deals :)
5	I've been to Deja Vu Med Spa quite a few times for various services and have always been very pleased.  From day one my esthetician has been Jazmin.  She is the absolute best, very professional and very personable. She makes me feel comfortable and relaxed.  Most importantly, she always listens to my needs and makes my spa experience incredible.  Thank you so much Jazmin.
5	Wow I just came from the best deep tissue massage I've ever had at Deja Vu Med Spa.  My massage therapist was karen and I can honestly say she is a little powerhouse.  Throughout the massage she was firm but gentle, genuine and pleasant to talk with, and very informative throughout. I will defintly be back! Thank you Karen I feel a lot better now.
5	Just had an amazing massage at Deja Vu med spa by the wonderful Karen. Great massage, worked on my problem areas and I now feel great. Love the way the place is clean and has a great setup.  I feel very relaxed and I will definitely be back.
