4	We board our animals there as well as take them there for their health care. We are always treated very well, and our animals seem to like them also. We are definitely a return customer.
5	I love this clinic and I feel great taking my animals there! The front desk girls are awesome, the vet techs are great, I have had the pleasure of seeing all three vets, but they make an effort to make sure we see the same vet every time, Dr Boland. And my dogs LOVE her, the cat isn't quite as enthusiastic ;)
5	The entire staff at Comfort Creatures is very compassionate and caring.Last night I had to take my 18 year old cat in because she had not eaten or potty'd in 4 days and the last two days she has had a swollen belly.The doctor took some of the fluid from her belly and they said it was most definitely intestinal cancer and they suggested the humane thing to do was euthanize her so that she is not in discomfort any longer.This was the first time I took my cat to this vet, only due to the fact her normal vet could notsqueeze her in and they are about a 20 minute car ride. Comfort Creatures is literally 1 minute from my home. I only wish I had taken her there more frequently.I did decide to do what was best for her and let her take her long nap and dream of chasing dove birds and other flying objects, and the staff was so comforting. I was very emotional and they hugged me and everything...I highly recommend this clinic to anyone with a furry friend!
3	I have a wolf hybrid, and brought her to this vet because one of them (I believe the one who owns it) has owned a wolf hybrid before, and I thought they'd be fine with her.  I took Akyra here for about two years, until I had her spayed here. Afterwards she did not want to come back. She was so scared and agitated that she ended up trying to bite the vet! She's never, ever been aggressive towards humans! I was so surprised that I took her back home, and decided to try someone else.I don't know if they mistreated her, or if she assumes that whenever she goes here she will be in pain from something, but it's not worth having her trying to attack someone else.As for prices, I don't know if they are overpriced compared to other places- her yearly shots cost around 80$, without heartworm meds (I think this is useless here since we don't have it, really).
1	I recently had an accident with my ferret. She broke her femur. They wanted to charge me $3,000!!!!!! I said HELL NOOOO! Went to Desert Inn Animal Hospital. I paid $800. The vet who carried out the procedure has been doing this for 30 years. He was even on TV with my ferret. I never had to pay for sny follow-ups either. Creature comfort lost a customer for good. Thank You Desert Inn Animal Hospital!!!
2	Creature Comforts is a nice place, and they know what they're doing, but they WILL nickel and dime you for everything. Their prices are outrageous and they recommend all kinds of things like teet cleaning, make you pay out the wazzoo for bloodwork, and etc. I just took my dogs to Cheyenne Tonopah Animal Hospital and had both my dogs updated on their annual shots (minus the Rabies) for only $53. It cost more than twice that at Creature Comforts.Also, for those that want a different option for birds, Flamingo Pet Clinic is excellent. I take my macaw there now.
5	As with anything of high quality, it comes with a higher price tag...but I would not trust my pets to anyone else for anything except maybe a booster shots, and that is only because I have to drive 270 miles to take my babies to Creature Comforts.  When I moved back to Southern California, my boy Buddy, was not feeling well...I had been taking him to a local, highly recommended, vet, but they found nothing.  On a trip back to Vegas I boarded him again at CC and they found that he had a life threatening problem, with a few shots and some medication (for life) he is a healthy 13 yo.  They even gave me a discount on his bill which included his teeth cleaning, something that is necessary for the health of your pet.  If you love your animals like they are your children...I highly suggest that you bring them to Creature Comforts.
5	We'll it was 445 pm got in there fast the people was do nice to me. Took care of my baby birds. That know so much about birds. Or more then me.
5	The staff and doctors here are excellent. My doggies just got in a little argument, resulting in one getting his eye scratched. I called and they were happy to fit me right in! I was pretty upset , and not only did Dr. Paul do a great job with my little guy, she made me feel much better too!We have boarded our dogs here many times, and have been happy with the care they received, they are always excited when we pull up and they realize where we are. I have also had their teeth cleaned here for about 3 years now, i love the print out they give you with before and after pictures. We have seen several of the doctors here, and I have no complaints.
5	thank you Creature Comforts for taking such amazing care w/ my furry family members. Kane is a very nervous dog & they are able to handle w/o any troubles.  My Oscar, a boxer, is a hot mess. He always has something going on & the staff is always there ready to help & gently care for my baby. Thanks again!
5	The best animal hospital around! I wouldn't take my dog anywhere else. They are attentive, patient, kind and always accommodating. I can't recommend more highly. If you have a fearful animal this is the place to take them!
1	The lady that runs this will certainly nickel and dime you, and rip you off as she did us !
5	My cat Tootsie got very sick a couple of weeks ago (completely out of the blue) and we were in a bit of a panic as it was later in the day but we called ahead and rushed her here as we had heard great things. Sadly, after running a couple of tests, we found that there wasn't anything that really could be done to help her and we had to make the hardest decision a pet parent can make, but they were so incredibly helpful in our moment of sadness and Creature Comforts is certainly an appropriate name. We will be bringing our other two furbabies there in the future.
