5	Love this place!  Great value for the $ and has full gym equipment (pools / saunas, racket ball!)
5	Good price and big facility...no sales pressure just good workouts
1	4/23/13 ~ (3 stars) I joined in Jan. when they were still doing their "soft" opening. The gym is nice and clean, the kids club workers are nice. My only down falls so far are the kids club still is not finished and my major issue has been billing issues from day one. I would've given it 4.5 stars if I didn't have those issues. 5/6/13 ~ Most of my billing issues "supposedly" have been resolved but I'm still waiting to see them post to my bank account. 6/6/13 ~ All but one of my billing issues have been credited back to my account. I guess it really comes down to you get what you pay for, the kids club STILL is not finished and I can't get a response when I leave a message to resolve my final issue. Cheap = low quality service. 4/17/14 ~ In February I finally decided to cancel my membership, the gym was doing nothing but going downhill. They were running through managers so anytime I brought up a complaint a new person would be there. The kids club still had been finished, parents are donating toys since they won't invest in them. And it really wasn't worth the money, I'd rather pay more and go back to LA Fitness. So I turned in my paperwork with the last bill date for March. April rolls around and a payment is withdrawn from my account. I go into the gym at 8:20 am speak with the helpful front desk worker. He informs me that everything was entered correctly into the computer but the payment still came out and that he can't do anything else the manager will be in at 9am. Now I could've left but I didn't want to come back so I sat in the kids club with my daughter to wait the 30 min (side note: the kids club workers are amazing caring people). Needless to say I sat and waited until 9:35 am before the manager showed up. He then had to take a copy of my cancelation paperwork copy and said he'd call me around 4 or 5 pm that day. 4:30 pm rolls around and I haven't heard anything so I call and leave a message. The front desk worker calls me back and says they are reversing your charges. Whew!! That was a headache to deal with, again I can't seem to at it enough you get what you pay for. PS it's crazy to see how my review went from 3 stars to 1 star in a year...
1	HORRIBLE GYM!!!Please save your self the time and agony of this place! I signed my husband and myself up here and I wish I had never set foot into this place to begin with!They high pressured me into buying a membership, which seemed great beings it was only $9.95 a month... YEAH wrong!! I have been hit with so many miscellaneous fee and charges that I have becomes so upset I am crying!!The customer service here is nothing great, because once your signed up, they no longer show concern for you anymore. Please God, help me get through this!
5	Some pros are the amazing staff that make every experience personable, great kids club that listens and respects my parenting style, great group training classes that push you to the max (Julio's classes are my favorite), they are always cleaning & the gym is very well kept up. I go during the daytime & I never run into any issues with the gym being to crowded. Every month I notice more and more equipment being brought in. My daughter asks me every day  to take her to the gym because of how much she enjoys it, especially the staff. Love this place & the people that run it!
4	Just joined a week ago. So far so good. Staff is friendly, trainers sem to know more and act more professional than a lot of other gym chains, and the equipment is more than adequate. I actually joined for the heavier dumbells that I couldn't find at LA Fitness or 24hr Fitness near my home. Happy with Fit Evo overall. $20/month includes everything - even unlimited tanning!
1	Stay away. Even the prices are cheap, I've closed my account 2 months ago due to relocating to out of state and they are KEPT on taking my money! I didn't give them permission to, I kept on calling them asking why they are taking my money. They would come up with all types of excuses such as I am supposed to pay something. I'm so pissed. STAY AWAY! Don't be deceived to their low prices!
2	You get what you pay for, I realized that when this location first opened.  I left my pricey gym for this gym and regretted it.  This gym is dirty and no offense to some of the people going, but people never wiped off equipment when using, locker and bathrooms were always a mess. I like cleanliness anywhere.  I have since gone back to my gym before and get what I pay for.
1	I thought this gym was fine while I went to it. I also have a membership at LA Fitness and joined this one because it's closer to my work so I could go during my lunch break. I canceled 5 months ago because the LA Fitness in East Mesa opened and didn't want to pay for both. I  went down there with a letter in writing but was told to email. Was still being billed after contacting them. Then I called and was told my membership was canceled over the phone. Am stilling being billed. Now I called and they're telling me I have to go down and do it in writing and fill out a form. WHAT THE HECK!  That's what I tried to do months ago!! I don't know if the people who work there are just too imcompetent but now my mom and brother are canceling their memberships and switching also because it just isn't worth the hassle. Now I'm out about $100 because the people working there can't actually tell me how to cancel and when I do what they tell me to do I'm told months later that it's wrong! DO NOT SPEND YOUR MONEY HERE. NOT WORTH THE HASSLE!! GO TO LA FITNESS INSTEAD!!
1	You get what you pay for, for sure. A guy at the front desk was unbelievably rude to me the other day. Accusatory, sarcastic...oh, my gosh. Why would such a hostile human being be a presence at the front desk? I think he's an acting manager or some such nonsense. My kids have memberships here... but, personally, I'll never go back.
4	I love this gym. Gym schedule is pretty cool. Open from 5 am til 11 pm during the week. Equipment is not bad. Pretty spacious that's  one of things I like about this place. They got raquet court, pool, dry sauna, pool and cardio room with projector tv for people who's like to watch and hit cardio. It's also half aile away from my house that's why it's so convenient. Morning is always good, afternoon gets too crowded. The only thing I don't like about this place is their billing system. They suck lol. Just saying. People that works there are really nice and ok. I still go there no matter what. I like to get my sweat on everyday.
4	I was looking to join a gym in my area and went to about 4 locations and this one was by far the cheapest option for me and my son. The membership is cheap and so is daycare which is awesome. I have been pretty happy with the services here. I go in the morning and its not too crowded. I also like the movie room where I can do some cardio and not get bored. I think I will be staying at this gym for awhile.
2	Definitely going the way of the big corporate fitness club chains since change of management/ownership. Becoming pushy, sales driven, and gimmicky. Manager seems to think telling the trainers to wear their orange shirt is more important than smiling, talking to members, or tidying up the facility as he walks by water bottles & used paper towels. What's more is the two trainers that never wore the orange shirt are both female & in very very good shape. I'd think its better marketing for them to show that they 'walk the walk' to clients/members/potential clients. Still get a good workout here (equipment hasn't changed), but the overall vibe is changing fast and not for the better. My girlfriend trains with a trainer there a few times a week & I can tell you when employees aren't happy as they once were, it permeates. Only thing that changed was ownership & management. Good thing I kept my LA Fitness membership. I heard pricing changed too but cannot confirm.
1	Signed up for this gym before it even opened. I got the premier membership and find that I'm not using the classes so I decided to go down to the basic.  Their new prices means I would have limited days to go in which is fine with me.  But they wanted to charge me what is equivalent to 5 months of membership to to make this change.  So I just cancelled without any fee. This is so short sighted on their behalf.  It cost them nothing to change my membership and only the same amount of time as it did to cancel.  They will lose out on the revenue of all my future months of membership. New management is not very bright and I don't see this gym staying around for much longer.  By the way you always help out the first person and not keep them waiting while you help subsequent  people with same issues, it's bad for business!
4	I love this place no pressure membership or personal training. Lots of equipment, nice pool and Jacuzzi. My only complaint is i wish the daycare was available more hours and that's the only reason for the 4 stars..
1	DO NOT JOIN THIS GYM!!! Joined this gym in February and had nothing but issues from rude staff/management to billing issues. I joined in February and they billed me once in Feb and twice in March. I brought it to the staff's attention and they came up with every excuse in the book why that extra money was pulled out, basically they kept running me around with excuse after excuse. I never really got a solid answer as I why I was billed twice. I finally got frustrated and just left. I canceled my membership after that, yet they still billed me maintenance fees. I signed up for personal training Feb 14 and I was told the $135 was taken out that day, it was not till I went and complained about being billed extra in March when they told me I was being sent to collections for the $135 payment that they had told me was already paid but In fact wasn't. I was beyond pissed that It was not taken out when they said it was, so I called guest services and was transferred to Kim Garcia who I got no where with because she takes 2+ weeks to return a call. Every time you call her back, even if it's immediately, she never answers. Sooooo frustrated!!!! So I find out on May 1st (after I had canceled my membership and had not used any of the sessions because my trainer up and left the gym without any notice) that they pulled the $135 dollars from my account WITHOUT my permission and while I was working on things with Kim at guest services! DO NOT give them your account number, I am now having to stop payments on any future unnecessary payments they try to pull. I WOULD NOT recommend this gym to anyone, yeah it's cheap but pay the extra 10 dollars and go elsewhere, where there a no billing issues and rude management/ staff!
1	I payed first and last month when I started with this gym when it was Spectrum. They got bought out by this horrible company and the new management is horrible! I have been back and forth for a month and a half trying to get my last months fees back since they billed me. I have talked to 6 different people at both locations and corporate. I keep being told they will call me back and I have yet to hear back from anyone. I am actually waiting for a girl named Stephanie to call me back right now, she was supposed to call me back in 15 minutes.. It has been 7 hours and I have called back twice. This is unacceptable. I was with this gym for two years and had personal training with them the entire time and I was warned they would try and charge me one last payment so I stayed on top of it and no one is able to get back to me. WORST GYM EXPERIENCE EVER!
4	Love this place. I have a grandparent membership. I got my membership when they were stillBuilding. Then I came back a year later and it's amazing.  Everything you could ever want.  And for me? 20 bucks a month. Plus a free guest anytime I want. Free tanning too
5	Make sure you scroll down to read "more reviews that are not currently recommended." Hopefully the 5 (undeserved) stars on this post doesn't get my post deleted this time. Stop contacting yelp to remove my Truthful posts, management!
1	DO NOT JOIN THIS GYM!!!!! Terrible service....but when I moved and cancelled my membership with a 30 day notice,.......well, guess what?  They KEEP CHARGING ME AND SENDING ME LATE NOTICES THROUGH A THIRD PARTY!!! Many phone calls later, emails, letters....they STILL think I owe them money!! Ridiculous accounting skills.  They will be talking to my lawyer next....I'm  not backing down. DO YOURSELF A FAVOR. STEER CLEAR OF THIS SCAM PLACE!!!!!!
