5	Very clean way more then reasonable. really nice big hall.
5	My husband and I had a destination wedding in Vegas, after taking pics we showed up at Premier Banquet around 10PM. We weren't sure what we were going to do with our guest after the ceremony, but we definitely wanted to find a place to dance.  My sister-in-law did a little research and found Premier Banquets. We had the location reserved for about 3 hours. I was initially thrown off with the location being in a strip mall about 20 minutes off the strip and I wasn't too impressed by the photos on Yelp (they don't do the place justice). Since my husband and I hadn't seen the place before walking into our reception we weren't sure what to expect.  When we walked in we were blown away! The place looked absolutely amazing! Their were strobe lights, covered round tables surrounding the dance floor that accommodated all 70 give or take of our guest. It didn't feel crowded. The finger food that came with the package was tasty (veggies, fruit, chicken wings). The DJ was okay, he needed a little coaching, but once we provided him with music suggestions we turned up! We had to provide our own alcohol, but they had a bartender to serve it.If you live out of town and looking for a place to host a small wedding reception I would highly recommend this place. You'll just need to organize transportation for your guest since its not very close to the strip (20 minute ride). I believe the Premier has contacts to shuttle services. Its very reasonably priced compared to places on the strip.
5	So I went to Vegas on a business trip they decided to have their awards ceremony at this place.  What an amazing host we had and the place very spacious and affordable.  The linens on the chairs and everything was so CLEAN....now I've been to alot of ceremonies but this place beat everywhere I have been.  The host I believe her name was Ryan had grace and knowledge and was just great at everything.  If your going to hold a ceremony or any gathering THIS IS THE PLACE.  I will be back someday for sure.
5	My husband and I were looking for a banquet for my daughters first birthday that can hold about 200 people and that had a lot of parking areas. I called first thing in the morning to get prices and packages to see if it fit our budget. The price and package was PERFECT for my daughter's first birthday. It wasn't expensive and it included chairs, tables, and up to 200 people for 6 hours. Not only that, we were able to take a look inside the banquet at anytime. REBECCA was very helpful and informative. She even met us at the banquet to let us take a look inside. The space was PERFECT. The PRICE was perfect. I BOOKED it right away. THANK YOU SO MUCH REBECCA FOR BEING SO HELPFUL AND FRIENDLY!!!
1	My suggestion to anyone looking for a venue DO NOT give your money to these people.  They no longer have a spot on 8826 Eastern.  They are still taking money from people under false pretense.  SCAM ARTIST is all Rebecca is.  She is not to be trusted.
