4	Tried this location a few times now and they seem to be well staffed, which I really appreciate - food served pretty quickly. Plus, we were happy to find that not only are the subs great but salads are also good, especially for a sub place. Would give it a 5 but they messed up one of our orders.
4	I'm so glad I finally have one close to Santan where I live.  Subs are great and staff is awesome.  I love the extensive selection of hot sauces.  Location is perfect and parking was not an issue.
5	This subs are AWESOME!!! Seriously, have not had a bad sub yet. The meatball is not the best, try others. I really enjoy their take on hot sauce. My stomach can not handle super hot sauce, so theirs is just right. The staff is always polite and friendly. Will be back for sure!
5	Great sandwiches!
4	We visited at lunchtime. We had a short wait for our food and it was well worth the wait. The hot steak and cheese sub was delicious. The roll was soft and the steak, onion, pepper and cheese was warm and not greasy at all. They offer the largest selection of hot sauce I have ever seen.I am an unsweetened iced tea lover and they have the best thirst quenching tea. My grandmother made awesome sweet tea when I was a child and they have the only sweet tea that taste like hers. There is no doubt we are return customers. I will even stop by for just an iced tea!
2	It appears I'm the wet blanket on all of these previously good reviews.  I ordered and paid online and went to the store no sooner than 20 minutes later.  When I arrived, I gave the gal behind the counter my name and she pulled out a sheet of paper with our order on it.  She proceeded to type it into the computer as if I had just walked in and ordered.  It took them another 10 minutes to make 2 sandwiches.  It wasn't even close to busy in the store.  There wasn't anyone else waiting for a sandwich.  What is the point of taking online orders if you're not going to have it ready when the customer arrives?  There were 5 kids working with the oldest probably not much past 20.  This store needs some better management or at least supervision.Another customer walked over to the chip rack and had to wait over a minute for the gal who was stocking them to notice that there was someone behind her.  Just 9 days ago, I experienced an issue with the North Scottsdale store as well.  I don't know if my business is just not welcome or what the deal is, but I think I'm done with Firehouse.  The sandwiches are good but the name of the game in running a successful business is customer satisfaction and they have failed in 2 straight trips.
5	Amazing experience here! The food was tasty but the service was outstanding. I came here with two small kids and they really made sure we all had a positive experience. They helped me carry the high chair, brought the order to our table, grabbed us some bags of chips after we had forgotten to get them, and helped me clean up. You can't beat service that makes you feel welcome and that your business is appreciated. Kudos to the staff at this Firehouse Subs!!
1	Gross, I should have just  made a turkey sandwhich at home. (How do u mess up a turkey sandwhich?) My sandwhich looks like it was smugled across the boarder in somebody's crotch. Do yourself a favor and have your sandwhich delivered by Jimmy Johns or Jason's deli.
5	We were visiting the area from San Diego and decided to try this place for lunch.  Wow, our sandwiches were delicious and so much better than I expected from a "Sub shop".  When I told the young man at the counter that it was our first time at a Firehouse, he very patiently went over the different sandwiches and options.  He made suggestions based on our preferences and he was spot on!  I have since found that we actually have three of these shops at home in San Diego, however, none of them are close to where we live.  After my 100% satisfying visit to this Gilbert, AZ shop, I will seek out the closest one to us here and give them a shot.  I'm never going to be able to eat a "Subway" again, I'm spoiled!
5	I'm officially hooked. The meatball and Italian subs are great.  The bread is soft and I could eat it dipped in marinara sans meatballs, yum!  I'm going to try half the subs on the menu, since they all look so good. The firehouse theme is fun and incorporates local pics and firehouse gear.  They have plastic fireman hats for the little ones and the upgraded Coke machines with the fun flavors (e.g. Cherry Vanilla) that I love. I do wish they had a better variety of spicy peppers (like Jimmy Johns), but they have tons of hot sauces to choose from.  Speaking of which, these are some awesome hot sauces and go from mild to kickin'.
