4	I had been to the Grand Canyon a few times by car and was not too excited to take the flight. We were picked up right on time at the MGM by a friendly Vision shuttle driver and checked in. We all had window seats and the weather was beautiful that day, no bumps, so it was easy to take photos from the aircraft (I took about 200). Flying above the Hoover Dam was awesome, but when we got over the Grand Canyon it was so beautiful I almost wanted to cry. The color of the Colorado River is so blue-green and the canyons are every shade red, orange and purple imaginable! Seeing the Grand Canyon from the air is so amazing. We did not have much time in Las Vegas so we opted for the  shorter West Rim Tour - next time I am going for the longer one. Simply amazing. Plus, I found an amazing deal with a free printable coupon on www.destinationcoupons.com and saved $65! Definitely a must-do!
4	We didn't actually get a chance to take the Grand Canyon day tour with Vision Air because of weather. I wanted to write a review thought because I thought how great they handled the situation. We had to wait a bit in the morning, and when the weather cleared up, we went and boarded the plan and took off. We fly for about 25 minutes and then had to turn around. We did see some great things from the air, and I'll post some pictures. When we landed, I was expected them to say, well, we tried, sorry, no refunds. However, I was pleasantly surprised to get a full refund (or a rain check if you wanted). Was a nice about this was we actually did get to see some neat stuff while flying. I was very impressed with this tour company and would do it again when in Vegas because I know if they can't give us the tour because of weather, we get a full refund so there is nothing to lose, but time due to mother nature, here.
5	We had such a wonderful experience with this company! I would highly highly recommend. We actually booked by a third party agency cause their price was better than booking through Vision direct but the service of Vision was spot on! The plan with smooth and the personal was very professional. A major shout out to our driver Chuck Benson who was an absolute delight! He was so knowlegable and so friendly - he went above and beyond - just made it the most memorable trip we could have hoped for - well worth every cent we paid! If you go on this trip - ask for Chuck Benson, you won't be disappointed!!!
