3	Finally got to try this place the other night with some out of town guests. I had a mint tea and shared a mango hookah. At 20 bucks a hookah, this lounge isn't the cheapest place to smoke in town but the server did try to put on a show by constantly swirling around the charcoal bricks. The mint tea was just in a bag, but they did put some leaves in the cup. Hot water was poured and he offered refills. I've had much better tea service.Friends had the samosas and chicken fingers - they were good, the chicken fingers had a neat tamarind sauce. Ambiance is good - the open doors look out on the Fremont East district, and it has a relaxing Moroccan vibe. Okay experience, but more for tourists, I think. I'll come back but only on a special occasion.
4	This hookah bar was very authentic and is a wonderful lounge. The prices were great as was the selection of tobacco. The staff was ok in regard to the waitresses meaning that they did their jobs but nothing extra. My husband left his phone there and when he returned the waitress  was pretty short with him which lead us to believe that she came up on an iPhone 4. Has nothing to do with our great experience there though, just a side bar. We did not eat or drink there so I can't comment on the food. The dancer was great and the music was Bali-wood all the way. Cool spot overall.
5	This place is Amazing!!! It is a must if you are in the downtown area or in las vegas you must try it out and i promise you will be coming back for more!The best bloss tea in town!!!I feel like a King in a palace!!!!!Amazing belly dancing show aswell!!!
5	Walked into the the cafe and was speechless by the decor. It's like walking into another country. A man in the back calls to me and tells me to come over. It's the same guy from Kebab Korner. Oh god! Is he stalking me? What's his deal? Do we run? Do we stay? Can i get another Kebab?? What do i do man?! WHAT DO I DO?!?!Turns out this charismatic gentleman is Ali, the owner of both Maharaja and Kebab Korner.After ordering some teas, coffees, hot chocolates our group sat down and started hitting the hookah. By recommendation of the waitress we got White Peach flavor. The hookah arrived quickly followed by a few blocks of glowing hot coals and we started to take hits. White peach was a very nice flavor and noticeably smoother in comparison to other hookah places i've been to. About 15 to 30 minutes in, Ali came over and demanded to see some smoke. He sat with us, brought his own hookah as well as his own personal hookah and gave us lessons on how to accumulate the most smoke as well as how to savor the flavors. He also recommend some teas, different blends of tobacco, and answered the questions we had about his establishments, the decor, and food recommendations over at Kebab Korner.This is likely one of the most chill and laid back spots in Vegas that i've found so far. Ali doesnt act like a business owner, a host, or someone who's mission is to make a profit. He's more of an ambassador. Once you've stepped into his kitchen or his living room he's on a mission to make you feel comfortable and enjoy yourself.This is hospitality at it's finest.
5	Another 5 star for me! Went to this Hookah Cafe right after having dinner at Kabob Korner, which is owned by the same owner Ali (who knew?).Easily the best Hookah lounge/cafe in town. Decor was amazing and authentic, the entrance is to be noticed since it is entirely made out of custom wood. Once again Ali doesn't fail to deliver.Excellent customer service, which was a surprise. He was even cool enough to smoke Hookah's with us and teach us how to properly smoke the Hookah's in order to achieve maximum smoke upon exhaling. Furthermore, he also let us try a different flavor Hookah on the house.A perfect place to chill and unwind, the assortment of teas that they offer are great also. Prices are very reasonable, and the Hookah's last forever and are smooth to smoke. Some of the other Hookah lounge's I've been to the Hookah's were sometimes harsh, but everything was nice and smooth here.I will be back here again, again, and again. I wanna check out the belly dancing next time, woohoo!!! Belly dancing, Hookah, and tea, it doesn't get better than that at a Hookah lounge!Ali's Maharaja Hookah Cafe is so awesome, I vow never to give it up, never fully inhale the hookah, and never abuse the belly dancers. Never going to say good bye and never going to tell a lie...
5	After three visits here, it's safe to say that this place is a keeper.  This was the first place I tried hookah, and I'm glad it was.  Other hookah lounges I've been to have not shown much hospitality and impose minimum drink purchase requirements.  Not at Maharaja; here you're treated as if you're a guest in Ali's home, the owner of Maharaja and Kabob Korner (http://www.yelp.com/biz/kabob-korner-las-vegas).  Ali approaches his customers in high spirits and makes small talk, wondering where people are from and what they're doing downtown.  He then proceeds to make sure that you're enjoying your hookah to the best of your abilities.  If he sees little puffs of smoke coming from you when you exhale, he'll ask in a jolly voice, "Where's the smoke?" and proceed to create giant clouds from his hookah.  Seriously, it's a blast having this guy sit with you.  Also ask him about the woodwork that went into the place; according to Ali everything is custom made and took over a year to carve.  Check out the front doors!On Friday nights there is a DJ, and on Saturday nights there is a belly dancer.  I've only seen the belly dancer during once visit, and it was a good time!  A beautiful woman belly dancing with a live snake; hookah and a show!  This is one of my favorite places to hang out at downtown, and one of the few where you can actually relax in that part of town.
1	Wow, this place sucks. Really - I'm not going back and I'm shocked by the good reviews here. We were there late on a Saturday night, and it was busy; the "turkish" coffee they served was sludge and completely undrinkable (and yes, I've had real turkish coffee before); this stuff was more like really bad instant. The waitress bitched about making it, maybe she did a bad job for a reason?  They set up a hookah without explaining anything or getting it started. Ten minutes later, we had to ask the waitress how to start it... as a result of the late start it wasn't a good hookah smoke, kinda weak. To add insult to injury, it was $30 for 2 coffees and a hookah that was hard to enjoy.... Really?
5	This wil definitely be the Hookah bar i will now make my residence Hookah bar. The owner also owns Kabob Korner. And when he seen me he greeted me like i was a long long friend. The hostess recommend a good choice for hookah taste. And i will now trust what the say. We had this tea that opens like a flower. The tea was awesome. And the chicken wings ohhh so delicious. Maybe some point they will get a liquor license but keep it kind of limited to the good stuff to go with Hookah smoking. The seats are comfortable and the Owner will even come and smoke and chat with you. The prices are not bad AT ALL.
4	Though lacking the authenticity one would find in a hookah joint on Steinway in NY, Maharajah is a winner. It's the first hookah bar I've been to in Vegas and I was not disappointed. I can't say I miss the anti-American cinema and disapproving sneers that I receive in Astoria Queens, as here, it's replaced with a cordial staff and politically neutral banghra music. Christina was our server who suggested a custom tobacco cocktail and made our visit comfortable. Despite it's location on  the corner of Fremont street it was surprisingly easy to find a booth at 2300 on a Saturday, (though it started to fill up when we left near midnight).  Will mostly likely return.
5	Great little hookah bar with friendly service.  Very fair price as they charge by the hookah and we ended up staying for ~2 hours for only ~$25 or so.The decor is middle eastern and seems pretty authentic.  Felt like busting out a backgammon or chess board :P
5	Came her on a Friday Night, and it was fun and the two girls that worked their were friendly and were always attentive to us definately a good place to come with friends. the decor is beautiful...wonderful place!
