3	It seems like almost every casino has a center bar.  Sometimes it seems like that's the most annoying bar in the casino.  I ended up at the Lucky Bar at the Red Rock this Sat. and I actually had an enjoyable experience.The lighting and decor is perfect.  The sound system had awesome acoustics, the plush red velvet seats were comfy, and it wasn't too crowded.  The Lucky Bar would be the perfect place to grab a drink before or after a show...I like it!
3	This is a cool circular bar in the center of the Red Rock Resort & Casino. They have trendy drinks and pack a punch in old favorites like bloody Mary's for the morning after. We had a cool time lounging and having some after dinner drinks here.
4	Ever want to crawl into the lamp on "I Dream of Jeannie"? This place could totally pass for the experience and the drinks are probably cooler. Not to mention the DJ, gogo dancers, and table games make it cooler than anything Major Nelson experienced!Lucky Bar has to be one of the coolest and comfortable bars out of just about any Las Vegas resort hotels I have been to in a while. The walls are covered in a draped red fabric with a cool glass beaded chandelier in the center of the room that seems to take its design cue from many places throughout the red rock property. Described as more ultra lounge than bar I think it accurately depicts the atmosphere. Cool enough to take date and no real dance floor to speak of means my funky white boy moves will have to be saved for later.  Still great place for conversations with friends, people watching, or meeting people out.I tried the "Lucky Me" drink which had a great taste with a really spicy finish to it that hit the spot. Their cocktail menu includes all the usual suspects but, dont be afraid to try the "Tuaca Drop" which is a nice spin on the old favorite Lemon Drop.*My drinks were comped upon this visit for an event for full disclosure*
3	Just got back from a "Sake Session" at Lucky Bar. I've been here a couple of times before. It's a pretty stylish little bar/lounge with a circular setup. They had your requisite gogo dancers and DJ mixing crowd-pleasing tunes. I'm not sure if it's like that every night.On this occasion, it was completely free sake, so I can't complain at all. I've actually always hated sake, but I finally tried some a couple of months ago that didn't suck. It opened my eyes to the fact that good sake exists. Tonight, I didn't find a single one that I didn't enjoy. One of the stations was also mixing Asahi beer with flavored syrups. My clear cut favorite was the lychee. I love lychee anything.Anyway, as for the bar itself, I can't really rate too much since I didn't order anything from the bar proper. It was nice that they took Hachi orders. A few people in the group ordered sushi and it was pretty tasty. The crowd tonight was pretty laid back and friendly.I wouldn't go to Red Rock just for Lucky Bar, but it's a decent option if you're in the casino. I don't think there's a dress code and there has never been a line to get in. It's a good spot if you're looking for something somewhat upscale without all the usual hassles of a Vegas night club.
3	Decent drink prices($8.50 for jack and coke), really attractive go-go dancers and blackjack dealers right in the bar!  Is this heaven? No, it's lucky bar.
3	Very cool looking bar in the middle of Red Rock casino.  For the drink sizes and prices thou, it's not all that cool.  The set-up is very nice, dark and lit up in red lights.  Comfy seats throughout.  Like I mentioned, the prices are a bit higher and the glasses are a bit smaller than most of the other bars here in the casino.  The bartenders aren't as nice/friendly in here either, probably since it's fairly busy because of it's placement and the loud music they usually have pumping in here.One of the things I do like are the dancers that are here on busy nights, as well as the good people watching it features.  Other than that, I'd rather have a lower priced drink in a more laid back environment like in either the Onyx or Lobby Lounge.
4	proved true to its name. right off the bat, 2 sips into my drink, won $50 on the quarter video poker machine. sweet. nice way to start a vegas trip.our bartenderess was a sweetheart.. she was nice enough to call the porter so i can get a players card. quite attentive to mama and me. the bar is chic, dark and loungy cool. prices weren't too bad. mama's noncomped kettle one was only $7. when we come back to red rock, we'll be back in here.
1	There is better out there. It looks like a cool place, but the bartenders that night were not that great. Won't be going back because of their service.
4	The dark red decor had me at hello.The service was great. The bartender was not only friendly, but made sure my drink was full. The games were decent, but the on the casino floor are better than in this bar.If you are at the Red Rock Casino, Lucky Bar is a nice way to pass some time and lounge.
3	This bar definitely aspires to be more than just a casino bar but the security guards who seem convinced they're working at a high end club need to tone it down a notch. We came here for the Masquerade ball. Waited forever to get in (I know a lot of clubs don't open on time since the line makes the place look like it's in high demand but when you're waiting up against a gaming table, it's kind of dumb). The bartenders didn't mention the drink specials on the poster outside but mentioned other ongoing ones. My friends got a few $5 drinks so they were pretty happy. We hung out for a while but the regular club music got kind of old and boring so we bounced. I do have to say that the bar is gorgeous and the layout is awesome. I wouldn't rule out coming back here in the future for a super cool event but I wouldn't make it a regular hang out. The specials on bottle service were pretty cool though.
5	I have been here twice now and each time has been a total blast. They have a promo on Thursday nights where ladies drink free Sky vodka drinks. They even have cherry or grape flavors..for free!!Its a nice little lounge in the center of the casino that is done all in red. I love me a red bar!! There is an amazing bartender there who loves to pull out his flair skills which is fun entertainment. He also pours some really strong drinks that will knock you on your a**. I always have to sober up in the cafe. LOLIts a fun cheap night out. I dont know how much longer the promo is running but I will be there on Thursday nights until its over.
4	Feeling lucky?  Well save some money from your gambling losses and meet your friends or soon to be friends in the center of Red Rock for a few drinks.  Try happy hour to go even lighter on the wallet.  The atmosphere is sexy with ample seating.  Thursday Nights are lady nights and they often have club card holder parties.  Ample seating around the bar or the more upscale seats at the outside of the circle.  The bartenders are great and depending on the evening, can be crowded with the hot and sexy crowd, especially after a summer concert by the pool.
5	I was staying at Red Rock Resort on business and had a free night.  Met up with a couple new best friends, ladies attending the same trade show, and we discovered this gorgeous space in the center of the casino.  While it's in the middle of the casino, it's sufficiently walled off to feel like it's own club/lounge.  The incredible crystal centerpiece makes this more upscale than just a bar.Ladies night meant free drinks till midnight.  Umm, what could I possibly complain about?  Not a thing.
3	Fun bar for a low key local place for a drink off the Strip. Great easy going vibe. Drinks are kinda pricey for a "Locals Casino Bar". ($22 for a top shelf tequila? Please!)
3	We came here to meet some friends to watch the playoff games. Nice little place to lounge and chat with friends over drinks. The prices were nightclub expensive and considering it's an off strip bar, I kind of assumed they would be a little better priced, but oh well. I can't imagine coming here too often for that reason alone. While we were there they couldn't seem to figure out the dimmers on the lights and they kept flipping on and off but overall we had a nice time here. Service was very attentive as well.
2	Love the remodel! It's now brighter and offers views of the casino floor. This place screams first class. The servers have shiny new gold dresses, and my opinion is still out on these. However, they apparently have forgotten customer service training. It's a gaming bar, after all. I was playing at the bar for a long time and wasn't offered a beverage, though there were few customers at the bar.  I should have left but was curious to see how it played out. Finally, a new server started her shift and asked if I needed anything.Call me old school, but most places will acknowledge you quickly (the M Resort, for example) and Lucky Bar needs to follow their lead. Locals do not like being ignored! And they shouldn't be, hello!!!!!
4	So.... my Moscow Mule search is on every time I have a drink at a bar.  If I wrote a review for every bar who didn't have GINGER BEER, I'd be super elite or whatever.  But this bar wouldn't be on that list!  They not only have Ginger Beer, but they have Fever Tree! Yummy.  The best Ginger Beer by far.  So needless to say the Moscow Mule was the bomb diggs.  The bartender was hot too.  And lets not even get into the girls in the gold (or gold plated) metal dresses.  These dresses are what we call in the United States; Nice.  Good to have a view while having some drinks...  The women in the dresses seemed very Vegas but what to expect?!?  Anyway, so far this is the only place that is close to the Vespar in the Cosmo.  Yet much cheaper...That was the longest Ginger Beer rant ever.
4	The remodel is a huge improvement. It opens up the whole gambling floor making everything feel more inviting. The crowd is a mix of late 20s to mid 40s. It's our new people watching spot.  I wanted to make this a 4.5 stars.
5	This was my favorite place to go while i stayed at the red rock. We kept getting the same hostess/waitress every night and it made out nights enjoyable when the bar and staff knew our drinks. It also has the added advantage for being right smack in the middle of poker, black jack, roulette and other tables.  This place was very chil and laid back not a club with dancing or anything like that. a total lounge feel while really comfortable seats were you can talk and shot the shit. This was the place for our pre party and after party.
4	I found my self drinking here every late night when I was at the Red Rock for a conference. Comfortable seating, attentive well dressed staff, and the drinks were always good.If you like people watching, this is the place for you... I was highly entertained every night! They play some pretty chill music like a club... maybe that's why they were offering "bottle service"? Our waitress Barbie was awesome and she always made sure I was doing good and would join in our conversations at the table sometimes, which was enjoyable.
1	So I'm not a big gambling fan to start with. They don't build big facilities because they pay out. I'm at a conference there while getting a beer I ask for a water and the only option is a 12 oz $3 bottle which I don't know until after I drink it.  Lots of suckers in here:(
1	There are a lot of better places for locals. WATCH THE BILL. We are locals and go to Red Rock every other weekend, and always have a great time, except at Lucky Bar.  We had friends in from out of town and after gambling for an hour decided to relax, have a drink and just catch up.  Be careful about what you get charged and what the bartenders and waitresses tell you.  I ordered 2 drinks - one tab was $8.00 - the girl told me $9.00 and I paid her, with a tip.  The 2nd drink the tab was $9.00 and the girl told me $10.00 and I paid her, with a tip.  I never looked at the tabs, just stuck them in my purse. I paid cash for both drinks. The next day, while cleaning out my purse I looked at the tickets, and one ticket says $8.00 and one says $9.00.   It appears that the standard business is quote more than the ticket and hope that no one looks. (which I usually don't).  Be careful, this is not a good business practice.    Shame on you Red Rock Lucky Bar.
1	This bar is a pretty room on the center stage of the casino floor. However, they had ZERO bar staff working it, and casino personnel had ABSOLUTELY NO IDEA when to expect any, despite the fact that the bar was supposed to be open. F Minus. Oh- it was a Saturday afternoon while College Football was on. Bad time to staff a bar, Red Rock. Not recommended.
