3	Located in the old Mont-Royal Arena, the best part is that there is underground parking off of St-Urbain. The store is fine. I've seen them throwing away food at night and it's a shame, it should be donated to a homeless shelter. But other than that, it's easy enough to find what you want and go.
1	I HATE this place. That being said I live 2 min away and I go all the time. The owner must be a terrible person because service starts at the top and I have never seen such rude employees, ever. Every single person is too preoccupied to smile, say hello, be helpfully, or anything. They are all the same. It's actually creepy. The cashiers never great you. They just talk to each other or the bag boys. If I bought this place I would fire everyone!
4	A huge grocery store with a massive selection. They have a lot of the same products as Intermarche Boyer Mont-Royal in terms of pastries and muffins, but there's a lot more aisle space and better looking produce.
2	I love to hate this place.  The location can't be beat, it's more of a hassle for me to drive here because of one way streets than it is to walk the couple of blocks from my apartment.  It has everything a regular big box chain grocery store should have, and then some.  The bread slicer is quite convenient (pro tip: stick a baguette in the bread slicer for super easy buschetta for a crowd).  The selection of fresh fish is great.  I find the produce pricey, but of good quality and variety.The not so good part is that I have to agree with Mike S., the staff is generally quite rude.  I try to avoid going through a regular cash if at all possible, and will choose to wait for a self service cash, because I have had so many bag experiences with cashiers and baggers.  Everytime I think it's me, I just have to go to PA on Parc or another big chain grocery, to realize that I only have problems here.  With the price of groceries always on the rise, I want to actually be able to enjoy the food I buy.  That means no manhandling my bread, or throwing produce.   It also means not putting my groceries into a million flimsy plastic bags when I have an armfull of sturdy reusable bags that I'm trying to hand over.  Whenever I try to politely to ask the staff to please be a little more careful, or to use my reusable bags, I'm met with standoffish gruff staff.  I once had a cashier yell at me for accusing the packer of squishing my bread.  I didn't accuse him of squishing my bread, I just asked that they not ram the rest of the groceries into it.The other not so good aspect of things is that the store can get really packed.  Monday through Wednesday evenings student discounts are offered, which means there are a lot more packs of roomates going shopping together.  It's also pretty packed on Sunday afternoon due to the proximity to tamtams.  And forget popping in on your way home from work to pick up something for dinner if you work a standard 9 to 5, you'll be there for quite awhile.  So I get around all of the above by going early on the weekends, when the store is empty and I have my choice of self serve machines.
3	Whatever. That pretty much sums it up. I have nothing positive or negative to say. It's down the street from where I live. Great when you're missing 1 ingredient to finish your meal. Besides that, I wouldn't go out of my way to come here. It's expensive, the employees tend to rung AWAY from you when you have a question and it's always a mess.. but they have what I need.
4	Indoor parking is a great bonus. The check out service is really fast. They are always doing free food demos  inside. The fish selection is great and inexpensive . fruits and veggies are rarely on promotion . there is a good variety of health snack.something that has been bothering me is that they have these annoying metal barriers in front of the store that could prevent an overweight person coming inside. I know it is probably there to prevent people from stealing the metal carts but if people wanted to steal. they would just take the baskets.
