2	This review is only for the one in Rainbow and Blue Diamond of SouthWest Vegas.  I go here because it's one of the few Mcdees thats open 24hrs.  Menu and taste is the same as the other Mcdees around town.  Would have gotten one more star if they served breakfast before 5am because I went at 4:40am and they were just doing the lunch menu still. They denied me of a good warm hearty breakfast and had to settle for an unhealthy BIG MAC combo with a coke.
2	This McDonald's is connected to the Terrible's convenience store/gas station and not particularly one of my favorites.It's convenient when you're driving down Blue Diamond from the west, but I think the staff could use some training in the customer service end from the other McDonald's nearby.The last time we ate there, we watched (and listened) as one of the staff members hollered from the dining area to the kitchen.  Apparently she was on break (and eating) and still wanted to maintain her conversation with her colleagues, so she continued it by screaming across the dining room and they, in turn, hollered back.  Very professional group here.I'm sure all the other customers enjoyed the show as well.
3	The Drive Thru sucks. I mean the food comes out quickly. And Whether ordering inside or in your car you get it fast. A plus being you can hit the convenience store and get gas or snacks. But literally the drive thru dumps you at the entrance and exit on Rainbow blvd and its hard to get out. And if you come in the wrong way, you have to flip a u turn to get into the drive thru. To late for them to redo it now. I guess when im on that side of town, ill venture inside from now on.
3	This is a prime location for residents of Mountains Edge sitting on such a busy corner.  The fries here are always tasteless and soggy, they are slow to move the drive through along and parking is difficult based on the building configuration.  If I feel like grabbing a #2 value meal I much rather travel to the McDonalds 4 miles North on Rainbow.
2	OK. so.  When we first moved here..... We had a bunch of friends visit and come stay at our brand new house back in 2008?  I don't remember... a while back.  But this joint was still fairly new.  We came here on the way to the airport to drop off our weekend guests at the McCarran for a quick bite to eat.  [Keep in mind that this is during the summertime]So we go in.. and there are flies.  FLIES.  all over the place.  I'm weirded out and the employees are acting like nothings wrong.  I'm not sure what to do at this point and I've suddenly lost my appetite.  So I approach the counter and I ask... what's going on?  And the young man at the counter was at a loss and kinda giving me the "get out of here" look.  So, I made a judgement call and decided that we needed to get out of there.  I'm not talking about 1 or 2 flies that the auto door can bring in.  It was like walking through a wall. O_O  Next.... I should say that I have been back.  BUT. . .  years later and not after I put in a call to let the proper people know that there was a HUGE problem.... it's not always the cleanest either. I haven't encountered that problem since.... but, still not the first one I'd go to though it IS RIGHT there.
1	ahhhhh just got home after getting drive thru at this location. i really considered turning around and going back but gave up on the thought. I ordered a spicy chicken sandwich with no mayo and a medium fry with a side of BBQ sauce. heres what i gota spicy chicken sandwich with tons of mayo and a broken bun because of all the disgusting white shit everywhere. a medium fry that was literally half full, honestly me saying it was half full was exaggerating, it was about a third full. and guess what no BBQ sauce BUT an open ketchup packet that got everywhere. BRAVO... BRAVO. and this is why i rarely eat fast food.
2	Its a McDonald's attached to a gas station so you cant expect much. Food was ok as you cant screw that up to bad at a franchise restaurant. You do have to put up with the horrible parking lot/ gas station traffic if you park and go in the dinning room is loud/small with tons of little kids running around (no playground for the kids and the parents seem to let them run wild)Napkins are by the register not by the the straws or the soda machine so make sure you grab a few when you pay for your meal or you will have to push your way to the front to get them afterwards. There are other McDonalds near by and you are better off visiting one of them.
1	A first for the gf and I - a visit to McDonald's !  Surprisingly, out of the blue, the gf was recovering from the flu and said she was craving McDonald's french fries.  Before i could get out the door to make a Mickie-D run the gf yells out asking for a filet of fish, " anything else ? " , she calls out for a chocolate shake, too.  Yep, I guess she's feeling better !So i order:Large Fries - $2.09Chocolate Shake - $2.79Filet of Fish - $3.7920 piece chicken nuggets - $4.99Diet coke - $1.00My first thought - dang, Mickie d's ain't all that cheap, $3.79 for a filet of fish ?!  Seems high to me.The taste ?  Holy cow - some of the worst food we've had in a very long time !  My guess is the nuggets were sitting out for several hours - we ate 4 of them and stopped.  The fries were limpy, wimpy, limpy.  The filet of fish was ok at best.  Shake was ok.  This is a reminder why the only reason i hit McDonald's is for a soda - best value and basically a safe bet !
2	I have to tell you it's been 2 years since I've been at a McDonalds and all I got was a Coffee Frap, it was gross, felt greasy in my mouth...like their food. Which I haven't eaten in probably 4 years and regretted it then. It's so gross!Haven't had a Shamrock Shake in years...it's that time of year and wanted to give it a shot. Used the drive thru, there was hardly a wait. Staff was pleasant but the stench of moth balls was unbearable when they opened the drive up window. Yuk! Thankfully the shake didn't taste like the smell of the store. Not really minty, it was okay, nothing special. I'm over the Shamrock shake. Lets see how long it'll be this time till I make it to another McDonalds.
2	This location is part of a gas station and has not been updated in years. The food is alright but there are always flies flying around in the dinning room which is pretty unappetizing to say the least. You would think someone there would have noticed by now as I have seen the flies on several occasions.
2	This isn't even a legitimate McDonald's... It's a gas station McDonald's!I've been to this location twice. Once to meet up a stranger off Craigslist and once to try and redeem my Big Mac LivingSocial coupon. The place is clean, but the location attracts some of the local bums in the area. The smell of urine is simply unappealing. I also tried to redeem my LivingSocial coupon. They wouldn't accept it, because they couldn't find a button on the menu for it. Lame.  A little about my credentials:I first got into cooking & food when I was in college. After being rejected by numerous girls and getting zero action, I decided it was time for a change. I needed a new makeover to boost my geeky image. I applied for a cooking position at a Mediterranean-Italian Restaurant near my home and learned to cook all sorts of dishes. I never became a professional chef, but I continue to enjoy & love food. 9 years later and 55 lbs heavier, I have a new passion for traveling and trying different foods around the world.
3	After being opened only a couple of days, this is the newest McDonald's to open in the Las Vegas valley. In a few days there will be another McDonald's opening a few miles west at Blue Diamond and Durango.  I just happened to have caught this McDonald's act on the way back from hiking. The Blue Diamond Road landscape seems to change every week. New to the landscape is the old familiar Golden Arches sign. After hiking for six hours I was exhausted and needed a snack.  Lately my opinion of McDonald's is that it does a better job of filling the void for a light meal, snack, Frape Mocha, or coffee if a coffee shop is not around. To temporarily hold over my appetite and enjoy a beverage besides water that I had been drinking all the day on the hike, I ordered the $1 large Coke and $1 hot & spicy.  Being a new McDonalds this location is modern and for now immacuately clean. First off it is a nice first impression when a McDonald's is not part of a gas station, like the one down the road at Blue Diamond and Rainbow. I entered through modern electric sliding doors. There were two managers, and I got a nice greeting. The workers were on top of their game. There were plenty of booths to choose from. The interior is more contemporary than McDonald Land. The McDonald Playland is nonexistent. What does exist is a chandelier and a more elegant lobby. They did not go modern to the point of some restaurants that feature the super Coke machines with a 100 plus flavors. The typical Coke flavors they had were not flat. McDonald's may not be 4 star dining. However, when I just want a snack to fill me up or a Frape Caramel; McDonald's gets the job done. The Daniel. S Yelp 100 Challenge. Review 88.
2	A shiny, bronzed group of Chicken McNuggets with formed pretend-tatoes in a 4-color box served by a high-school student or college intern and a toy to boot?? From the drive-thru even? Where can I  pay money?? I  want to pay real money for this! And afterward, I  want to gas up my car, yup! Then I  want to play bad vintage top 40 music blasting on my factory car radio system "I  wanna be a cowboy. And you can be my cowgirl."I  showed up at 430am looking for a quarter pounder and they were only serving breakfast, even though the sign says differently. Another time I  showed up at 1030am and tried to order breakfast and they stopped serving breakfast.I  really think this Mickey D's is cray cray adorbs. 4 r e al z.
2	This place is very hit and miss to me come on it's McDonald's not a five-star restaurant I  understand but classic whoever's working determines on quality of food or them to get your order correct
1	This place is so unprofessional! The girl at the cashier didn't even make eye contact. It's not the customers fault that the employees are unhappy. Will not visit this location again!
4	Typical McDonalds food not much nutrition their breakfast is good and the service is quick in this particular McDonald's customer service is very very good I have to eat fast food this would be the one I would come to
1	Slow unfriendly service surprisingly from a McDonald's. Food was not fresh either. Bathrooms were a dirty wreck as if in a roadside gas station. Take your business to a different McDonald's.
