3	Yes - Gabi K is reviewing a smoke shop on Yelp... Why? You ask?  Because I went in late Sunday night after the OYE and after our stop at Mojo, so Jared M could show me his old stomping grounds.  I guess he worked at this Trails back in the day.While I'm not in the market for a pipe, specialty cigarettes, incense, blunt wraps, sexy costumes, rock t-shirts, etc... I had fun looking around for a few minutes.  I did not purchase anything, and I have no intention of returning anytime soon to do so.  But I guess if anyone is looking for any of the products I mentioned above, Trails is worth a visit.  I learned that they have around 10 valley locations too... I am sure someone out there will find this review useful?!Happy Trails to you!
2	Would never have reviewed this place, except Gabi's review made it seem necessary for me to mention that ....... *** Trails is the WalMart of head shops. ***Like Gabi's friend, I too, used to frequent and even work at one of these establishments. I have experienced situations that brought to light the owner's mentality when it comes to suffocating out any potential mom & pop competition, just like the Big Box Stores. If you have a choice, you will be better off sticking with a more indie smoke shop instead of Trails. Trails is the older flunky burnout kid who didn't graduate from high school yet; always bullying the younger, smaller kids while acting like a big baby himself. And the poor employees get brainwashed into thinking that the few bucks per hour carrot they are getting dangled in front of them is so very worth being able to keep their freaky hairstyle and piercings while at work. Interesting bit o' trivia: Arizona is one of the more lenient states towards the sale of items with 'multiple uses' , where some of the uses may and some may not be legal. The main reason for this leniency is because Trail's owner's father was a state politician at one time and helped make sure the laws stayed favorable to his son's lucrative business!
2	Uhh... Trails? What happened?  I remember trails being this kick ass rock store that carried posters, cool rock shirts and anything that basically kicked ass.  Sure they had their pipes inside a cabinet.. but it seems Trails is now 90% pipes and 10% anything else you could think of.
3	What happened Trails? You used to be cool. When we went in the store on Mill Ave, there was only a sad collection of everything else and it seemed as though now it should be called Pipes. I have honestly been to some bad ass smoke shops way better in Tucson but being on Mill I had hoped for better. Oh well, I guess I will just have to remember the way it used to be...
3	Overall, the prices here really aren't bad and the ambience is generally friendly.  I've been to some smoke shops where it feels like I'm somewhere seedy, somewhere that is a front for a place that in reality advocates the smoking of meth.  Those places will be dark and the selection is shitty and its facade of stoner culture just seems a little off.Trails is, yeah, it's douchey.  Their mannequins have gigantic titties and weird S&M bikinis on and everyone there is pretty much playing the part of a pothead.  "Whoa... you're gonna buy this?  Far out!"Sometimes they can be a little too salesy, trying to upsell you bottles of cleaner with each bong purchase or if you like this bubbler, the larger one may be right up your alley.  I just wanna grab a pipe and duck out.Overall, I have to give them three stars because the service is, apart for the sales techniques, very friendly and knowledgeable and the overall decor, though kind of a cliche, is at least pleasant to the eyes and I feel like I can roll in high without having a bum jack off in the corner.
1	I would rate them ZERO stars if I could. My partner, who is deaf, went to the store to replace a broken part on one of my waterpipes. The lady at the front desk was extremely rude and asked him to leave after he showed her the part that he needed. She literally pushed him out of the shop as he was trying to explain what he needed. Either this store actively discriminates against the deaf or the woman who was minding the store is a complete b*tch.
