3	We wanted to go out for dinner but we didn't have much time. Enter Pasta Express on Fleury.This is a solid three-star eatery. Nothing fancy -- a paper placemats kind of a place. Food was tasty but nothing special (e.g. spaghetti was al dente but the bacon in my gnocchi tasted more like deli meat ham than like pancetta). The portions were quite generous.The service was great. The ambiance was more family restaurant than romantic dinner. We found the easy listening hits (Italian version) hilarious. We'll probably go back, because it's one of the few restaurants in our budget range within walking distance from home. (Oh, resto Sing Sing, how we miss you!)
3	It's not those romantic type of restaurant, but is more appropriate for casual dining if feeling for the taste of pasta! It's nothing too die for but, it's certainly great if your too lazy to cook on that day and is on a budget. Plus you can take a nice stroll on fleury street during the summer.
4	Yummy!!! My mother in law had a hankering for mussels and she said this is the place for it. Walking in I was most apprehensive there were only 2 other tables and both were senior citizens. I thought for sure I was in for bland mushy food. But I was so very happily surprised! We were promptly seating in a little nook in the corner in case my 4 year old would annoy the other patrons. Our waiter (Raphael) was not only attentive, friendly, and fluent in English and French he was cute too.  We ordered the AYCE Mussels special. My daughter ordered the pizza which she liked very much (she also loved the bread basket)The mussels came out shortly- I had order the creamy shallot sauce and my MIL ordered the spicy tomato sauce. We received giant steaming plates of perfectlyCooked tender mussels!  It was so good We split a 3rd plate of white wine and butter sauce.The creamy shallot sauce was a little too rich for me but perhaps with a glassOf wine or beer it would have been fine.The tomato sauce was good and garlicky but not spicy at all but turn out to beMy favorite of the 3. The wine sauce was just a touch salty. Oh it was served with fries! So yummy! I'm sure we will be back
