5	Yelpers ~ you've been missing out! Atmosphere, Service, and Food galore here!!! Come one, Come All, Just Come!Atmosphere: Fact - Tropolis is as authentic as you can possibly have.  Literally Mom & Pop owned, it's located on a quite unassuming street in the Parc Extention part of Montreal.  Tripolis is small - but has a big heart.  The decor is somewhat dated, but still functional, but the real attraction is the people.  Take a seat and watch as literally the community comes in for a bite to eat.  Very very family oriented - it is not strange to get caught up listening to a family near by laugh and enjoy each other's company.  Going there can feel like having lunch or dinner at Grandma's house.  Love it.Service:  The staff, includes the owners of the place.  They've been doing this for well over a decade and this business is their livelihood.  They give you an honest smile and very warm service because that's how they've been doing it.  New staff members, are equally as caring and genuine.  Good people here.Food: Top top marks in all aspects.  It may not be the healthiest of cuisines (Saganaki anyone?) But it's so well cooked - you'll come back for more without having any reason to.  Lamb chops, calamari, octopus, pork chops, grilled chicken are all on the menu.  Salads and appetizers too, plus a nice little wine list.  Cannot say enough, how good this place is.  Been going there with family for years. Love it.
5	Wes is right, this place is just as authentic, delicious, fresh and homey as you could possibly wish for. A friend and I wandered in here on a tip from a neighbor who said all the Greeks in the city love Tripoli. We only ordered pikilias for two and wine. For $15 we were served a small mountain of incredibly fresh taramousalata, homemade vine leaves, tzaziki. pickled fish, fresh real lovely crab, roast eggplant spread, beets and beans, all so profoundly good we nearly licked the plate. We were packed full from just this appetizer and the lovely dry Greek wine, but she and I are already making plans to go back, bring dates, celebrate birthdays here in the future. The staff, especially Maria, were friendly, funny and utterly kind and charming, but with food that exceptional they good have whipped the bread at our heads and laughed at us in Greek and it would still be 5 stars from me.
5	I have been here a few times and I agree with other reviewers.  This place is great, it feels very homey and the food is authentic.  They are very busy in the late evening young crowd that go there, but the rest of the day will find all types of clients mostly family's and groups of friends.  Among the fav dishes here are the cold and hot pikilia, the fava bean dish (a real must do),  the lamb and the calamari,and essentially anything grilled (veggies, seafood, and meats).  The decor is dated but this adds to the sense that you in a mom and pop  (read someone's grandmother's home), the service is casual but friendly and again welcoming.  Go there with your friends and make it a gathering where you get great food and relax and you won't bust the budget, the prices here are super reasonable and your getting a great value that's bang on.
4	Was there for lunch on Canada day.  Calamari is top notch, you could actually see the calamari, unlike most other places where a thick batter is caked on.The grilled meats were good, with a home cooked appeal to them.  Those fries were pretty good, my wife is still raving about them.The tatziki was a little sour IMO, but pretty fresh.  Sat on the terrace and had a great lunch on a sunny Montreal day.
4	Tripolis... a magical little hole in the wall. Who cares about old paint, dated decor, decorations from 1976. Just keep pumping out food like that and I'll be eternally faithful. And waitress Maria is a lovely lady, friendly and attentive.
5	I'm a HUGE Greekophile and have eaten at a plethora of Greek restaurants in Montreal - Philinos, Rotisserie Panama, Greek Village, Elatos, Marvens, Souvlaki George, to name a few...Stepping into Tripolis today I was sincerely smiling from ear to ear. The mark of an authentic (and delicious) Greek restaurant can often be measured by the number of old Greek men sitting on the front patio. It was full!While we went straight for Risa D's favorite of wine and cold pikilia plate for 2 (normally I'm not keen on the eggplant dip but this one was unlike any other I've had...smokey, light, perfect). This was a light, dreamy meal for two! I'm SO happy to have discovered this neighborhood haunt. Their list of mezes was impressive and very reasonably priced, the mains equally so and judging from the freshness of the crabmeat and the salty goodness of the smoked mackerel I'm guessing their fish dishes would be satisfying indeed. The souvlaki plates looked enticing as did the calamari which many tables seemed to be ordering. The drink list was equally impressive with a solid selection of Greek wine/beer and a nice, inexpensive house wine.The owners and all the staff were warm and friendly and the service was unobtrusive but attentive. My only question was...do they have live music? I'll have to go back to find out...Cash only.
5	I've been living in park-x for over 2 decades and let me tell you, tripoli is the place to go if you want authentic greek cuisine!! Amazing food, amazing service!!
4	When you walk in, you feel like this might be a bad idea and like this restaurant is a "bit" outdated, but the second the food gets served - all those worries get washed away. First, I'd like to mention how hospitable and accommodating the waitress was. She warned us that we may be ordering too much and to stick to the first few choices we had asked for. So we trusted her and were more than grateful that she had been paying attention to us! Their portions are massive and very filling. She also took the time to explain how everything was cooked and how authentic they were in comparison to other Greek restaurants. Check, check, and check!They quite possibly make the best calamari I have ever had. They're fresh, big pieces, and the batter isn't overpowering. Also, we ordered a mix of fried zucchini and eggplant with tzatziki on the side, which was delicious. The one thing I didn't enjoy very much was the chicken brochette that came with their traditional Greek salad on the side. Although the chicken was soft and tender, I just didn't like the way it tasted, I suppose the marinade just didn't appeal to me very much. However, the salad was delicious, the feta cheese came sprinkled rather than in chunks and tasted phenomenal.
4	I met a new greek friend and picked his brain on where to find the best Greek cuisine in Montreal and with no hesitation in his voice he said hands down best greek in Montreal is to be found at Tripolis.  I followed Risa D's advise and got the Pikilias for 2 and a carafe of house wine.  Very satisfying.  The crab was some of the tenderest most delicious crab I can ever remember having.  I was satisfied with everything on the plate except the pickled fish. My partner and i remarked on how delicious the house wine was, so I asked our waitress what it was, expecting to discover a new affordable bottle of greek wine at the saq later on in the week, but she told us it was Yecla.  :/ I will go back to try some of their other dishes.
5	The review I am giving is only from the past. Owners have changed since then!!! Food was always great as well as the price. I tried it all and never disappointed, They opened one in laval and I go there now since its near my home.  Also great and consistent food. I highly recommend this place.
5	Great tasting food. Very pleasant and helpful staff; they were comfortable spending time to explain the dishes. I really enjoyed the nicely-balanced spanikopita. The portions were generous. They DO NOT TAKE CREDIT CARDS. Cash only (ATM in store).Good people-watching in the neighborhood.
5	I very rarely write reviews... It takes an experience on either end of the spectrum to get me to take the time.  That being said, this place was AWESOME!  I felt like I was in my Greek Friends Kitchen!  And in truth, by the end of the meal.. I WAS!   And the FOOD...OMG the food.....  I will probably be dreaming about that octopus for a long time.... the lamb ribs ROCKED. Actually everything down to the scrumptious Tripolois Tomato Salad and simple fried potatoes ,was to die for.  After the meal our waiter Nick suggested Greek Honey Balls, being Italian myself, I thought they were similar to struffoli,  NOPE!  They were more like round balls of Zeppoli hot from the fryer and dipped in honey.  WOW!  We thought we were full when this heaping plate was placed in front of us...  I learned there is always room for jello and HONEY BALLS!  Dont miss this wonderful Greek Gem!
5	This is officially one of my favourite restaurant !!! It's the most authentic Greek restaurant I have ever been in Montreal. A tiny little place in parc extension, the staff and service is great. I love how the kitchen is literally in the corner or the restaurant expose to the clients. As the night progresses around 8 ish pm on a weekend, it gets busy and loud. It's a great place to chat with friends over great priced and quality food. Highly recommend !!! P.s they are generous with the salads portion.
4	This place deserves a 4.5*One word : authentic.This place is a "you get what you see" type of restaurant. No it's not fancy and the staff will speak loudly greek to one another, regulars and the tv (that obviously is on Greek channels). AND THATS AWESOME.Food : nothing short of delicious. I've tasted many things on the menu and have yet to be disappointed. The wine comes in the little tins and the Greek coffee is always good.Decor : simple. No frills. A couple of cute greek paintings here and there.Service : I love the waitress (I have not asked permission to mention her name). She's so nice and attentive.This place is a hidden gem.I would give it 5* but I'm not a fan of the lighting (but that's just me!)
5	Want to have authentic Greek food in a crowded, but laid-back, place where the manager and waiters are friendly and bubbly? Then Tripolis is the spot! You do get the vibe that this is a mom-and-pop restaurant, but a very popular one at that. When I was there, families and groups of 4+ came in every 15-20 minutes. Greek salad, the way they make it here, is the best I've had in forever. It's massive and the vegetables are cut up in huge chunks, giving you the sensation (if you're not vegetarian nor vegan) that having one dish of salad here is equivalent to the recommended quantity of vegetables you need for a week. (I'm eating a Greek salad I made at home while typing this, but I still crave Tripolis' Greek salad). The calamari was nice. It was succulent, fried to the right pitch, and each piece was very chewy. Just the way I like it. But I have had better calamari in my hometown. Still, it was worth the money and the long metro ride just for a dining experience here. Like the salad, the calamari plate was massive! (Anyone who has a big appetite seriously needs to go to a Greek restaurant more often.)   My date paid for me, but I think the average price for a dinner plate is around $18-20. There are side dishes included. Not too sure what they were (I last dined here in mid-February). Whatever they were, they were delicious too. There's an elderly man, whom I presume is either the owner or top manager by the way he interacts with the staff and customers, who offered to have me seated at the back, beside the kitchen, because he didn't want me to wait too long standing up. The kitchen staff was loud and very talkative, but I liked that.
5	I found it difficult to encounter GOOD greek cuisine in Montreal for a decent price. So many cheap and greasy restaurants that serve americanized greek foods (gyros soaked in mayonnaise, ew). Then came Tripolis!The food is authentic, the servings are more than generous, the atmosphere is casual and fun, and the house wine is pretty good. Plus, you won't have to pay an arm and leg to eat there. Really fair prices. I highly recommend this restaurant over places such as Merven's and Aharova (which are, in my opinion, terrible).Now get yourself to the Greek and try Tripolis! Alex
5	This Greek restaurant on a side street in Park Extension is absolutley delicious.  There Greek salads are just so tantalizing and seasoned to perfection mixed up with the most delicious feta cheese.I can't thank my parents enough for directing me to this restaurant.I eat here atleast once a month.Everything on the menu is very reasonably priced and they give you a very full plate. You won't leave here feeling hungry.
3	I've been desperately wanting to try out Tripolis for some time now and I finally had the opportunity to do so last night. Walking in, you get the already mentioned no-frills, dated decor, a small place that still manages to get a warm and homely feeling to it that puts right you at ease. We were seated immediately and given menus. We went with the tzatziki, tripolis feta salad, Greek sausages, saganaki, and their tripolis chicken & potatoes as well as their dessert.... the loukoumades.The Good :The tzatziki was good though I'll admit I've had better, the side bread was really good. The tripolis feta salad was very good, though extremely oily. The Greek sausages were fantastic and probably the best I've ever eaten in my life. The loukoumades was very good as well but a bit more honey dressing would have been appreciated.The Bad : The saganaki felt completely off. It really didn't taste like the saganaki I know and love. It was soggy and looked like it was microwaved before serving to us. Usually if it were pan-seared, or oven convected it'll look completely different and the speed it was provided leans towards to former rather than the latter. The tripolis chicken & potatoes were disappointing as well. I've had amazing Greek chicken in my life and this simply wasn't there. As our main course, we couldn't even finish eating it. It was decent but quite forgettable. The potatoes were decent. Many dishes needed a lot of salt.The service was very odd. My waiter wasn't very friendly and my wife felt he was blunt with us even though we ordered right away. Not a "how are you?" "is this your first time here?" etc... the kind of talk usually small places like this tend to lean on to build a rapport with their patrons. Most of our food came right away, from the moment we ordered the tzatziki was provided within 3 minutes, quickly followed by the feta salad. Great start! Then the saganaki was surprisingly quickly served which was odd and the sausages followed a few minutes later. The chicken was provided 15 minutes later. So all in all, very quick service. When we ordered the loukoumades, it suddenly took over half an hour to get them.I dislike being the harshest review to this Yelp darling resto but my experience was somewhat different than the norm. I love Greek cuisine and I'm a regular to a handful of them that already satisfy me. Yet I wanted to try a new experience and all in all, it didn't hold up anywhere close to what I already had. One outstanding item of the menu was the Greek sausages but the rest doesn't measure up. Add to this a server with a service that left to be desired, the long wait for a dessert or the fact you can't pay by debit or credit card (CASH ONLY??? It's 2014 people! People don't walk around with wads of cash anymore) forcing me to pay a few bucks of "transaction fees" (a first in nearly a decade)...The price-tag is about average.All in all, I'm happy I ate here, the few things I really liked stood out but overall my experiences have been better elsewhere.
