4	Great prices on firearms but their selection can be somewhat minimal at times due to the recent craze to buy up firearms & ammo.  Friendly service is always the norm here, and they usually have what I'm looking for as far as accessories, ammo, knives, & other miscellaneous items.  It doesn't have the crazy crowds that you have to endure at Cabelas, and I've never waited more than a few minutes to fondle a handgun, unlike Cabelas where I'm flat out ignored.
4	What an awesome place - as in, I was totally in awe at the size of the place and the selection of items. Practically anything you'd need for enjoying the great outdoors is in this store ... well, except perhaps for an RV. But those who love to fish, hunt, hike, and camp will be very happy the inventory and the prices. Knives, guns and gun safes, ammo, tents, canoes, binoculars, clothing, decoys, innumerable kinds of gadgets ... the list goes on and on.  And don't forget to bring that picture of your prize catch from your last fishing trip, so you can submit it for posting on the Bragging Board.
4	i used to be obsessed with popular outdoor outfitters (r.i.p). this is the closest thing i've found to a replacement. this store is bigger but more corporate than popular ever was (but still less corporate than cabela's or bass pro shops). and sportsman's warehouse carries fly fishing gear, which popular didn't. now back to sportsman's warehouse: i've been a pretty consistent shopper here since opening day. they've got some pretty neat stuff, and a wide selection of items i have a hard time finding in other outdoors stores. prices are generally fair and sometimes lower than other outfitters. i buy fly-tying materials for my fly fishing adventures here and the selection is pretty good. they also sell tons of already-tied flies which are nice if i'm feeling lazy and don't want to tie my own. prices seem really fair. spin fishing, backpacking and camping supplies are abundant as are guns, but i don't do guns so i can't evaluate that part of the store with any integrity. for backpacking and camping, they really have it all. oh! there's a whole cooking section too ... spices, freeze-dried food, camp cookbooks, cooking supplies, etc. and a great selection of all the water-type necessities outdoorsy people need: purifiers, bottles, camelbaks, tablets, etc. i've found that prices are more than fair and the workers on the floor are helpful, knowledgeable and friendly - i wish i could say the same about the staff at the registers. the fishing report on the white board is cool and useful. the guys in the fishing department pretty much live to fish and share recent experiences. i don't like the pics on the exit wall from customers. there are, inevitably, pics of kids with their bloodied hunting trophies - it makes me sad - but that's a personal problem.if you live semi- nearby, keep an eye out for your val-pak coupon mailer ... there are $10 off coupons hiding in that envelope!
5	Went looking for a Benelli Supernova.  They had several Benelli options, and when I price checked Sportsmans Warehouse vs Cabelas and Bass Pro, Sportsmans was $30 cheaper than the other two.There was plenty of staff behind the gun counter, and while helpful, they were never pushy or constantly asking what I wanted to see (happens to me a lot at other gun shops).  While not as big as the Bass Pro Shop in Mesa, Sportsmans had everything I needed and the best price.
3	Well- it isn't Cabela's. But it is close to my house and isn't filled to capacity with people every time I need to go in and get something. Prices are comparable to Bass Pro and Cabela's- sometimes quite a bit cheaper depending on the item. Staff are generally helpful, and the store is clean, well organized and well stocked.
4	Didn't even know this place existed until about 2 or 3 years ago when I drove by it on accident. I've got to say I really enjoy Sportsman's Warehouse. Their prices are pretty decent, especially on firearms and ammo. I recently went there to look at some shotguns and the guy behind the counter (Terry) was very helpful. He was patient, asked good questions, and gave honest opinions of the models I was looking at. He wasn't pushy either, even when told him I wasn't financially ready to purchase yet. I will certainly be buying my shotgun from these folks when the time comes, not only for their friendliness and helpfulness, but their prices on what I'm looking for beat both Cabela's and Bass Pro. Knocked 1 star for one somewhat minor thing. While the folks behind the firearms counter have always been really good, other folks on the sales floor are less responsive and seem less approachable. Regardless of that though, everyone has always been friendly and professional.
4	I always forget about this place but it's like a mini Cabelas without the crowd and insanity.  They have a good selection of camping fishing and hunting supplies including guns and ammo.  Ammo is tough to find now but the get a shipment every Saturday morning if you don't mind waiting in line.  I like going here and always get help and it is still a big store with tons of stuff.
5	I honestly don't know what people are looking for in a sporting store to only give this place 4 stars. Maybe it's because I have never been to a Cabelas that everyone talks about.This place is close to me and conveniently located right next to Costco. Which is nice for me. They used to have a huge selection of ammo, but now as you many know, it's hard to get ammo anywhere.I find the selection amazing for every department here. If you love camping and the outdoors, this is a great place to go. I find this store to be clean, easy to navigate, full of stuff, and friendly staff. Parking lot is always clean too.
4	This Sportman's Warehouse is super confidently located just off the Hwy17 just south of the Hwy101 north.   It's a fantastic place to shop for all your camping and hunting needs.   They sell low to high end name brands in outdoor clothing, fishing/hunting equipment and camping gear.  It's much smaller than Cabelas but they pack a lot of variety and choices of items in their aisles and in some areas they offer as many choices to choose from.  They have a great staff that will help you find Anyang you need to make your camping and outdoor trips the very best possible.   They do sell items online that may not be available in their store, so if you can't find what you're looking for just ask someone to see if its available to order.  They are very competitive in their pricing and in most cases a better price than the larger competitors.  It's a fun shopping experience every time we go to this Sportman's Warehouse.  We always seem to find something new that we need to make our hunting/fishing trip more enjoyable.
2	I have up and down run in with this place. It's too often down. This time was too much. I was not help by Bob. I asked a few questions and he acted as if I requested a personal loan from him. Very rude. If I can avoid SW I will. Thanks Bob you really made sure to ruin my experience.
4	Good selection and competitive prices. Definitely caters more to shooters than Dick's, Sports Authority, or Big Five. Which is a plus in my book. Their selection of shooting equipment isn't far off of Cabela's, and is a much less crowded store.Guys at the gun counter are quite helpful.
4	Love Sportsman's! Excellent selection of firearms at good prices, knowledgeable staff to assist with selections, ammo, reloading supplies, reloading equipment... plus all your usual outdoor shoe, boot, clothes, kit, camping gear type stuff...
5	I bought my first bow today and Dave Trainer I think his name was sooo helpful. I got a great deal on a bow I REALLY wanted. He was so knowledgable and helpful. I brought my bow home and am in love with it. Everything went so smoothly and he took his time to get it adjusted and show me how to use it. He is an asset to Sportsmans. He wasn't the least bit pushy and he was knowledgable. I will be skipping Cabelas and going to Sportsmans wear house from now on.  Oh I did get to watch security take down a shoplifter. My advice don't shoplift here cause they will take you down and cuff your ass!! Nice to see justice served. ;) thank you Sportsmans warehouse and Dave for a great buying experience.
5	They always have friendly staff. The store is neatly organized and everything is easy to find. Always have a quick checkout.
1	Just had my first visit here. Employees were so busy working they neglected to ask customers if they needed help. I overheard two employees talk about how slow it was. I bet if they spent their time helping customers BEFORE they are asked the day would go much faster. I left without being helped and cash still in my pocket.I won't be back as this store has a serious management problem.
5	I love Sportsmans ! closer than Bass pro and Cabelas too yet offers a different lineup of products in every category. i always enjoy going here and spending at least 45 min in here walking around and checking things out. Bruce in the archery dept is the man! he is very knowledgeable and goes above and beyond with equipment like if it was his own equipment and always goes the extra mile.
5	I hesitantly went here this morning to purchase a sale item. I knew it would be in high demand, so I was expecting the worst. VERY pleasantly surprised! Opened the doors right on time, fully staffed and well organized, I got exactly what I wanted in very good time. Staff were all friendly, courteous and helpful. This is what I expect from a business, customer service wise! GOOD JOB GUYS!
1	Well let me start by saying there is in fact a couple of real good guy older guys behind the gun counter at this store but it sure DOES NOT make up for the one jerk named Seth!Good luck to you if you decide to actually attempt to purchase a fireman here and by all means steer clear of Seth! He is a very unprofessional person and really should not be in customer service. I do hope Sportsman Warehouse gets ride of this guy before more people (like myself) walk out and do not buy and never will again! Try the local Arizona company online called Gallery Of Guns. Great customer service and great prices.Sportsman Warehouse grade: F
