3	My friends and I stumbled in here to check things out. We were on a mission to nowhere and weren't sure where that led. Well, we landed inside Downtown. This was after the HUGE storm that hit downtown as well as  the beginning of a 3 day weekend. I counted all of the patrons of the entire club on one hand. After debating on whether or not to go in, we were informed that there were 2 dollar drinks for the ladies. Sold! No hurt in checking it out, right?The interior of the place is very nice. Dark wood, wrought iron. Chic. Our bartender Dave was very nice and he was a great pour. He was willing to have a friendly chat with the three of us and was very polite. He encouraged us to come back on a Saturday night as it was Latin night. I might have to check it out! I'm surprised I haven't yet!The dance floor was completely empty. We had it to ourselves the majority of the time. The tunes the DJ was playing were good. We danced as much as we could until we felt silly. Hey at least we were being good sports. The one thing that I would change is the bathroom....ick. For being such a nice place, you would think the bathroom would be nice...it wasn't.I would like to come back to Downtown when it's busy and see how the crowd is. Maybe a Latin Night is in order!
5	O My Gosh! Me and my husband alwasy come here, and we love it! Everytime we go, it's always so packed we can barely move in and out of the crowds of people... but thats what makes it fun... They have three different dance rooms with different styles of music in each one. Me and my guy love the salsa/bachata room. They also have a nice poutdoor patio type thingy... when the weathers nice its ah - mazing! I never pay for our drinks so I couldnt tell you how that goes, but as far as the having fun part its def up to par!  We always run into friends and another plus is theyre open till 4am!!!! Obviously last call is at 2am.... but we dance off all our alchohal and still leave with a nice buzz.... I guess you would have to be into latin style music, but Im telling u... u wont be disappointed if your adventurous.
2	I wouldnt call this a salsa club. Id call it just plainly a club with some latin flavor?  it looked ok, i liked the outside patio?  it was crowded. but i left outta there wanting to go to a real latin club.  the bartender was the best though, she knew exactly what we wanted and the drinks were mixed well and after we came back she still remembered what we had.  I give her an A plus.I more than likely will not go back.
4	I went here last month wit some friends of mine & we had a blast! I didn't know how to salsa dance but I tried it anyway lol....Danced away til 4 am...I will say the guys are not afraid to dance with u lol
2	Hmmm...interesting.  My first nightclub experience in Phoenix.  We were originally supposed to go to Oaxaca for Caribbean Night, but when we got there it was dead *crickets*.  Lots and lots of people here!  Being from NY, I'm used to a very diverse crowd in lounges/clubs so it was weird partying in a place with only one demographic... I love dance music so I dragged my friend over into that room, but we actually spent more time in the salsa/bachata room because it had great ambiance and was filled with so much energy.
1	Went for my sisters bday, we parked in the empty lot infront of the club where everyone parked must have been 50 cars in the lot and got a 288$ ticket. We posted on downtown's website about it and they said that Club Downtown doesn't have a parking lot and it was our fault parking there. Total jerks. Didnt even care. The lot had no signs that we couldnt park there and we assumed it was there parking from all the cars parked infront of the club!
1	The staff in this place is by far the worst and rudest I've ever encountered and after visiting this place last night for the first time I and all our friends vow to NEVER return. BE WARN!!! This is what to expect from visiting this place: 1. The club has no parking so you have to pay some shady guy $10.00 to park in a lot he said he owns and is NOT affiliated with the club this parking lot though, it's across the street from the club is NOT secured or SAFE, I say this because when we parked we saw a few homeless looking guys going around peeking inside the windows of the parked cars. First WTF of the night2. There are cops hiding on each corner of the streets on a jail walking ticketing happy streak... they wait till u cross the streets and then pop out to happily give u a nice $156.00 fine to each person who crossed the street. There was 5 of us so so far our night is costing us $780.00 in fines and $10.00 parking. Second WTF of the night3. After getting our tickets we get to the door only to be told by the rude doorman that 3 of our friends can't come in because there shoes were of sneaker material. "Third WTF of the nigh", after trying to show this fashionless man that what my friends had on were not sneakers but shoes (Dunham by new balance Windsor waterproof oxford) he brushed us off in a very condescending and belittling tone stating "If u want to come in here go home and bring shoes if not go some where else. "Fourth WTF of the night"As we're walking away one of the security guards tells my friend that if she gives him a kiss he'll let us in.. "Fifth WTF of the night"So we had to walk all the way to the end of the street, cross the street to come all the way back up the street to get to the parking lot because don't forget the happy police are hiding to ticket.We get to the parking lot and guess what the guy isn't there anymore so guess we paid $10.00 for charity. Sixth and FINAL WTF of the night... Worst night ever...
