2	For a place that bills itself as a place for healthy dining, it's not all it's cracked up to be.Their salad is romaine or iceberg, not exactly a healthy "mixed greens" selection.  Their raw veggies are "ok" but their salad dressings are far from even decent and contain a LOT of ingredients.Their soups are not good for you either, one of them, the veggie chili I believe, listed oil as the second ingredient.. no joke.For anyone with food allergies or who prefers not to eat specific foods like wheat or dairy, this place is a nightmare.  The managers know nothing about the ingredients and have to print the ingredients from a computer for every single item you have questions about.  Most of the cooked food is loaded with dairy and gluten.Plus they charge $9.99 for the salad bar and like $2.50 for a drink!  bunk.
2	Blah. Since they raised their prices I do not go to Sweet Tomatos anymore. You now have to pay $2.50 for a drink plus the $10 for the meal. Its a rip off. The salads are good but anything else is nothing special.
5	This is my new favorite lunch spot!  Where else can you get at least two days worth of vegetable servings and overall quality/quantity/selection/value for the same price as a fast food value meal (ugh!)?  If you join "Club Veg" you get a 2 for 1 coupon emailed to you at least once every two weeks.  So, for two buffets and two drinks, it's $14.00 including tax...this place rocks!  My favorites include:Won Ton Chicken Salad - YUM!Broccolli Salad - Healthy!Homemade Chicken Noodle soup w/ green onions on top -  The BOMB!Low-fat bran/orange/cranberry muffins w/ butter - Delicious!Hot brownie w/ non-fat chocolate/vanilla swirl yogurt, carmel/chocoloate sauce - Heaven!The service at this location is always great.  I meet my girlfriend at the Desert Ridge location and we love it because we typicaly sit and talk for hours after having lunch on end and they never bother us.  I just love buffets in general, but most seem somewhat unhealthy.  This place is just a great healthy alternative....I can't wait for the next coupon to arrive in my email!
5	Love sweet tomatoes. So do the kids so we don't have to fight them to go.  Every time I have been the food has been fresh and very tasty.  Its good to go to a place where you don't get so weighed down by heavy food and sauces.  They have Pizza and Mac & Cheese for the kids, Ice Cream and lots of desserts.  Plenty of soups and chili, and all different kinds of muffins and bread and of course SALAD.  Any and every kind you could ever want.
5	I wasn't going to do another review of this place, but felt I needed to give a holiday update.  They have this Turkey soup thing with cornbread stuffing that is amazing.  SO GOOD.  I am not sure how long it will be there, but if its still there you have to try it!  Or put it on the calendar for next year.  Adults love this place, kids love this place ... its a win win, and the food (and service) is always great!
3	We don't typically go out to places like these, salad buffets, mostly because they gross the husband out.  That's fine with me, I understand.  At the request of friends one time, and for a family celebration another, we came here.  I've been to a couple ST locations, and this one seems to be laid out better than others as well as cleaner.  Their selection of food always looks fresh and they don't let it get too low, so that's nice.  I do love their corn bread with the honey whip ( you have to ask for it) and their side dish type pasta salads are usually pretty good.  This place isn't amazing, like my best friend thinks it is, but it is a pretty solid salad buffet.
3	= = = = =  DAILY LUNCH & DINNER BUFFET!  = = = = =Here's another unusually styled Sweet Tomatoes, similar to the one on Tatum Blvd., with a 2-story high ceiling & windows clear up by the top.  It makes for a strange atmosphere, kind of glary, & also noisy.  Ugh.  There IS room for a lot of diners here though, & the room to get around inside the place is good, unlike the one on Southern Ave. where customers have to fight each other to get at the food!I started with two plates, as usual, & loaded up with three of their pre-tossed salads, "Won Ton Chicken Happiness", "Classic Greek", & "Caesar Salad Asiago", all of which were delicious.  Then I had some regular salad, piled up with a lot of goodies, and also some "Picnic Potato Salad" & "Tuna Tarragon" & all that was good, too.  These guys are great at the salad part!Where Sweet Tomatoes sometimes falls down for me is with the soups.  Today, for instance, I had some of their "Deep Kettle House Chili", some turkey noodle, & some (promising) corned beef & cabbage soup.  Unfortunately, none of them was actually that great, in my opinion.Some Sweet Tomatoes locations in the Valley have closed of late, but I don't think this one will!  This big place got roaring busy, FULL of customers by around noon, on a WEEKDAY!Daily Lunch & Dinner Buffet:  $8.99/$8.09 Sr. (Rev. 11/26/13)
5	My husband and I love to eat here!!!! Their salad bar is always fresh, stocked with everything you could ever want for a super good salad. They also have premade type salads like potatoe salad, which change monthly. Soup!!!! I love soup and they have mulitple ones to choose from. The regulars are chicken noodle & a chilli. Each month they have 4 or 5 other soups to choose from. You can get on there website to see what they are serving. They also have bread sticks, baked potatoe, and other side type dishes. They also have cookiesand frozen yogurat. It is all you can eat so be careful.The staff has always been friendly and the place is clean. To save some money join their club and monthly they will send you buy one get one coupons, coupons for lunch & breakfast.The only thing I did  not really care for is there breakfast. The food tastes fine, it's just not what I am looking for when I go out for breakfast, but you might, so give breakfast a try. I believe they only serve breakfast on Sat.& Sun.
3	The atmosphere is that of a cafeteria. Luckily not very crowded when we went but I can imagine it gets very noisy. The salad was good, soup was good (not great) and the bread was not that great. Overall, Sweet Tomatoes is ok for the price, but I can go to a good Chinese buffet for less money and get more selection.
4	I really like Sweet Tomatoes but  it is a little pricey but I love their chicken noodle soup.  it has chunks of chicken in it and you need a fork! The chill is good also! Look for coupons and it helps!
3	I'm extremely selective on the buffets I will go to. This place was bad the food was bland and just did not taste good at all. There was one thing that I eat that I thought was good it was a turkey stuffing soup. But for close to 25$ the food should of been better. I gave it an extra star because my wife does enjoy the food here.
4	We had not been to Sweet Tomatoes in awhile and decided to go last weekend and we REALLY enjoyed it!The food was great!  Yummy and fresh salads and the soups were outstanding.  I just love the chicken noodle.I thought that our server could have been a little more attentive.  He was way more interested in doing his side work than helping us with anything but that didn't take away from how good the food was.Overall, we really enjoyed ourselves.
3	This is a joe average Salad Bar spot. it's large but the offerings are not even close to on par with the cheaper and much better Jasons Deli.Eggs, yea they have them but its a chopped egg mix and its about 3 yolks to every Egg white. Not cool if you're health aware.Olives for salads, all the have is black! Greek olives folks, thats what goes on salad.Bad olive oils, tasteless and cheap. Healthy folks are going to use this for their dressing. Consider a tasty one.Employees walking around with plates of cookies offering them to everyone. This is a salad place, many people are here to begin a diet and change their life and you are essentially taunting them! leave the cookies up at the fat people bar with the rest of the breads and cheddar soups. And Ice Cream.I guess the biggest issue with this place is it's overpriced for the low quality of ingredients they use. They should ditch all the fat american food sections and kick up the quality of the health foods and they will have a winner.
3	I was fairly unimpressed with Sweet Tomatoes as I had high expectations. I just recently went for my first time after hearing some great things about it.The food was not bad, but it also seemed pretty basic. The salads, soups and pastas were far less than the outstanding dishes I thought they would be. For that reason I thought that this place was much more expensive than it should have been. I probably would only come here again if I found a really good value coupon.
5	Very good.. A little pricey, not bad if you take a coupon.
4	Compared to all the other buffets out there this place is probably my favorite.  They don't seem to skimp on the quality of their items like a lot of other places (Golden Corral or Souper Salad) I get cravings for the broccoli salad!  My only criticism is the hot pasta section.  The pasta is kind-of gross:  soggy with bad sauce.  Good thing for them I don't usually want mac and cheese with my soup or salad anyway.Sweet Tomatoes is always clean with good service.
1	Today I was fairly unimpressed with Sweet Tomatoes. I just recently went for my first time.  I walk in 11:45am Sunday and the salad bar was not stock what that with lunch starting.The food was not that good, but it also seemed pretty basic. The salads, soups and desserts were far less than the outstanding dishes I thought they would be. The whole place seem dirty with many table not clean off for new customers.The staff was friendly but did not seem energize to keep the food stock and with cleaning the food areas. I will not be back even if the food was for "free"
5	We love this place!! I can't buy, clean and cut up this kind of produce for this price! The quality of the food is excellent - a far cry from your typical buffet good. Much, much better!All the pre-tossed salads are yummy, and fresh, and I love the seemingly endless options on the fresh, make-your-own salad bar. The soups are my favorite! I love the cream of chicken or turkey pot pie soups. Yummy!! The potatoes, pizza, pasta, muffins, and desserts and good, and we LOVE the frozen yogurt to end our meal!! Delicious, affordable (look for coupons, or sign up online for the Club Veg emails) and good food!! The service is great too!! Thanks!
3	As salad bars go, Sweet Tomatoes is probably one of the better chain stores in the area.  A good selection of pre-made specialty salads, such as traditional and Asiago Ceasar, as well as all the fixings to make your own as you like. All items were fresh and well-stocked.  In addition to the salad items, also offered are hot soups, breads and desserts.  A good alternative to fast food; quick and relatively healthy.
4	If you like custom salads (you get to pick what goes on it) then this place is for you! The salads seem fresh, and other ingredients are plenty. The soups are pretty good, hot, and there are plenty of choices, so I like to mix and create my own.  Some comfort food pastas are ready to go, and the standard baked potato can be doctored to however you like it, including with bacon (the magic ingredient) chives, and more. Then add the muffins (blueberry, corn, chocolate, more) plus bread and pizza squares, if you leave hungry, it's your own fault! Finally, the ice cream or yogurt bar is just the final topping to having a sweet treat.
2	A lover of Sweet Tomatoes.....Will not be back to this location. It is VERY poorly set up. Unfortunately whoever set this location up was just not a good planner. The spot where you have to wait for a table is in the way of people trying to get to the drinks and hot foods, and also right in front of the exit door. I have been to other locations and found the set up to be way better. Also, the girl who rang us up scolded my husband and I for stepping a little out of line so that my mom could get by us to pay. She was not very friendly. Lastly, I was sad because my reason for going was an ad stating that the monthly special was all of my favs....Tomato soup (very good), Grilled Cheese dippers (gross breadsticks with hard crusted cheese on top, NOTHING like a grilled cheese sandwich) and Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip cookies which we were told that they do not make until after 4pm (we went for lunch). Earth to Sweet Tomatoes, people like to eat cookies before 4pm too!!!
1	-----------------------More Like Sweet TomaNO's-------------------This Location has major cleanliness issues.My family went in one night looking for a light dinner and what we found was stomach turning.The Red trays at the start of the salad line were filthier than Red Foxx!We took tray after tray from the pile and they were clumped with wet napkins and food, as if the staff had just piled them in the dishwasher without removing the former diners debris, and they just got wet , not cleaned. I mean come on, PILES of these things were literally clumped with nasty wet used napkins! I finally found a napkin spitwad-free tray and "Thought", "oh I found a clean one guys", NO.... It had weird black grease on it, so we all just left assuming if they cant get cleanliness down by the tray phase , then it would probably be best to not risk illness with the rest of the establishment. Buffet style restaurants NEED cleanliness , or its just plain foul.No thanks, Ill pass on the 10$ a plate funk-athon.
4	A staple for my wife and I.  We left church late one day and needed a place to eat.  Sweet Tomatoes here we come!  There have been some changes lately at sweet tomatoes.  Some of them have been changed to a different format with a new name.  The food at the new place is not bad but when we're in the mood for a nice quality salad buffet it's nice to know there are still some sweet tomatoes with the old format.  The new place makes you pick what you want to eat and have a very limited all you can eat selection.  The service at this particular sweet tomatoes was awesome also.  We showed up late and before we left, the manager approached us with paper bags and told us to fill it up with all the baked goods we could take since they were just going to throw it away at the end of the night anyway!  We thought that was really nice.
4	Yummy!!! Yummy!!! Always fresh and delicious! Love the salads, Focasia bread pizza, the muffins are great too..  The pasta is ok, but often very blan tasting. The BEST Strawberry Lemonade Ive ever had.. We love this place! Watch your mailbox for coupons.
5	Always fresh salads and soups.  The macaroni and cheese is also very good.
2	We dropped by for dinner around 5 pm and were very disappointed in this buffet.Our first impression as we walked in the front door was a display of soggy dressed salads, some of which were half empty. There seemed to be quite a few ingredients to put together your own salad along the line so we did this.There was only one cashier for two lines of traffic so a little congestion there.After we put together our salads we were eager to see what else was offered.There were several soups, however we had to try 3 to find one that was just okay. The tomato based soups were too acidic for our liking and the chicken soup was overpowered with thyme. We did like the pea soup , which was one of the few items in the buffet that had any noticeable meat in it.The rest of the buffet were a bunch of carbs....muffins, corn bread, pizza with a tiny bit of cheese on top, macaroni and cheese, pasta with acidic tomato sauce........Just what i consider cheap fillers with no real nutritional value.Soft ice cream was the basic desert...no fresh fruit offered except whole apples and a few unappetizing things such as jello.I would really not recommend this buffet to anyone other than vegetarians.
4	Nice salad bar. Reminds me of Souplantation. I will be back. Wish they had clam chowder and a more desserts!
5	Well. As we came in, it was kinda uninviting due to just salads and soups for $8.99 so we end up walking out. Since we wanted to try this place we came back in. Got our salad, then boom there's actually more food in the back area. The best thing is that this place serves healthy food. So it don't matter if you stuff your face coz you know you're eating good healthy food. I didn't mind at all. They serve gluten free food which was bomb and taste really good. I ate so much though lol. We're definitely coming again. I just love food. I didn't felt guilty eating so much food. A+
5	Staff was friendly, very open and inviting floor plan. Clean restaurant, fully stocked bar. The Cream of Mushroom Soup here is delicious but I wish it was vegetarian so I didn't feel so guilty cheating and eating it!Join Club Veg so you can print coupons!!
4	Good, fresh food at a reasonable price. I think some of the other reviews overstate this restaurants healthy food options, but there is so much to choose from its hard to go wrong. I really enjoyed their soups and their gluten free coconut muffins. Salad fare was kind of typical but again lots of variety.
4	It's salad................ and lots of it. great place to go when your looking for something light that wont bog you down later when you find yourself running from the police. The food always tastes great and is as fresh as it gets.
4	Had a great experience at Sweet Tomatoes a couple of days ago. Great customer service from start to finish. For $14 you get all you can eat salad bar, soup and an assortment of pastas and breads as well as a dessert bar. You start at the salad assembly line and build your salad as you go. Everything looked very fresh and they had someone constantly replacing the salad components which I thought was nice.We seated ourselves at a booth and after our first round of soup and salad we had someone come over right away and ask if we needed our table cleared. I had a question about one of the tea's that they had available and someone came right over to help me out. The food was not the best I have had but it was fresh and I enjoyed my dinner. The customer service here is great and they have many healthy options. I would definitely come back in the future.
4	Huge fan of this place, huge! I eat here at least twice a week, it's that good!They have a huge selection of salad items and they're always fresh and available. The toppings are just awesome if you love vegetables!It's always clean, and sometimes there are lines, but they go fast and I've rarely ever had to wait for a table. Everyone is super nice and accommodating here. I think the only thing that bugs me is that it is a little high for the salad and soup that I get. Lunch is around $12 and dinner is around $15 even though you get the same things. Not sure what the price difference is for.They always have a selection of baked potatoes and toppings, lots of muffins; from corn, to blueberry to lemon although the selection can vary. They also have mac 'n cheese and pasta, but I skip that - it's way too fattening for me. They have a large selection of both regular, vegetarian and vegan soups that are all delicious. They also have a dessert bar, but I've never used it. This is my go-to healthy place when I want  a big salad after working out. It never fails me!
4	Huge fan of Sweet Tomatoes! I come here whenever I get a coupon in my email! This week they have amazing berry salads and dessert! The strawberry shortcake was delicious!
5	So I would normally give this place 4 stars, but after my last visit I feel a fifth star is deserved. I have recently been put on a gluten-free diet by my doctor and was very happy to learn that Sweet Tomatoes has a gluten-free menu! When my husband and I went in we asked the manager how it works and he took time explaining the gluten-free options and gave me a sheet to reference. They didn't skimp on the gluten-free options and I was actually able to have a full meal! So kudos to Sweet Tomatoes for being accommodating to those with food sensitivities!
5	I absolutely love this place! The salad is so good and I love how the salad bar is the first thing you see when you walk in to the door. Then after sitting down and enjoying the wonderful salad they have even more food, some pastas, soup, breads, and the muffins are amazing. All the desert is so good also, and the ice cream is amazing. Sweet tomato is like a buffet for organic lovers, vegetarians, gluten-free eaters and just those who love to eat healthy.
2	I wish I had a better explanation for the low rating but all I know is each time I eat here, I get sick. It's crazy because the place seems clean, the food doesn't taste bad or seem gross so I'm not sure. My wife and I ate here tonight and were walking out asking each other why we had because we know we'll feel ill afterwards.All that I can think of is that they put some sort of filler in the food and I'm no conspiriest (besides that I know for a fact we have not ever landed on the moon and that area 51 will soon be fully exposed for what it truly is).Not sure what the deal is but besides getting sick each time, $11.95 for a salad buffet, sounds a little redonkulous if you ask me, throw in some flippin meat and maybe I would reconsider the price.
4	I can't say that I ever go into Sweet Tomatoes and walk out disappointed.  If you want a  good salad this is the place to go!  You can create your own and the choices are endless!  My only wish is for a few thing to be added tot he salad bar:  dried cranberries, walnuts and chicken.  My kids love the Macaroni and Cheese and cheesy foccacia (which is just a fancy name for pizza).  My headband lives the Chicken noodle soup because it is just that chicken, noodles and broth.   I must have their cornbread with every meal!  The best part is the dessert is included!  I LOVE the chocolate lava cake with vanilla soft serve on top. You can make healthy dessert choices to:  jello, pudding or a piece of fruit!I highly recommend Sweet Tomatoes!  Save your kids cups and you won't have to buy them a drink next time you come of you bring their cups.   Sign up for their email newsletter and get free coupons and a bonus coupon on your birthday!
5	Employees were very sweet to my kids.  Great food and clean atmosphere.   Bathrooms were clean.
5	Our whole family loves this place. The people have before like family to us! Food is always fresh and yummy!
2	This is the second ST location I've visited since moving to the valley and all I can say is Yuck.  The concept is great.  Soup and salad with a few extras, but in reality, it tastes like eating in a hospital cafeteria.  ALL the food is extremely bland with no flavor.  I LOVE soup and there's honestly nothing special about any of the soups offered here.  And I did sample every single one.  All I can say is that the entire family was disappointed when leaving and we all agreed that was most likely our last visit.
