5	When visiting Montreal in November 2008, I read a rave review of this restaurant in Fodor's Montreal & Quebec City 2008 guidebook: "Dining at Joe Beef is a little like being invited to a dinner party by a couple of friends who just happen to be top-notch chefs." We were not disappointed!We made reservations before coming (which is highly recommended since this place fills fast). When we got there, the staff greeted us warmly and explained that the menu was on the chalkboard across the room. Most dishes were in French, so we asked for a translation from our server. She was more than willing to help out, explaining dishes to us with a significant depth of knowledge.For appetizers: we chose bone marrow (garnished with beef and thinly sliced pickles, served with toasted brioche) and sweetbreads (with a sweet sauce over a bed of rice). Both were fantastic.For entrees: I ordered the Dover sole and my companion ordered Hot Chicken Joe Beef (a deboned and flattened chicken, cooked in its own juices, served between two pieces of bread). These dishes were unbelievable. They were so good.We also had dessert, but devoured them so quickly that I was unable to record what they were.I can't wait to come back. It was fantastic all around, comfortable, friendly, unique, and delicious.
3	I had been looking forward to going to Joe Beef after reading many positive reviews online. Upon arriving, I was warmly greeted and was seated at the bar as I was dining by myself. The ambience was comfortable but a bit loud with table talk.  The bartender, Jan (male), was extremely hospitable. Being a non-French speaker, he was kind enough to tell me the menu options in English as the menu was on a large chalk board in French. I ordered the asparagus salad and the marinated flank steak with crispy Gruyere cheese and sauerkraut.  The meal started with my drink, a gin and tonic, which was perfectly mixed for me as I do not prefer my drinks to be heavy on the alcohol. After some chatting with Jan, fresh bread and butter, was brought out. Then came the asparagus salad consisting of three different kinds of asparagus, shredded endive, julienned apples, arugula, chives, pine nuts, and almonds all tossed in a light creamy vinaigrette. The complexity of flavors and textures was extremely well-balanced amongst the sweetness of the asparagus, the bitterness of the endive and the sweettartness of the apples. The nuttiness of the pine nuts and almonds rounded out the salad. The salad was large enough that two people could share comfortably.The marinated flank steak arrived about 40 minutes later. The presentation was beautiful and the aroma immediately took hold. The steak was sitting on a bed of saute' sauerkraut . A thick slice of bacon, it seemed steamed, was atop the steak. A caramel-golden rectangle of deep-fried gruyere cheese nestled against the meat. I sampled the sauerkraut first taking in the rich in the juices from the steak. Amazing! I cut into the flank steak and due to the low level lighting, couldn't tell if the steak was cooked medium-rare as I had ordered. A couple of bites into it, it was a little dry and more medium-well. The steak was extremely salty perhaps from sitting in the marinade a little too long. A little disappointed, I cut into the fried Gruyere cheese with some difficulty to find an empty shell devoid of cheese. Apparently, the cheese was left in the fryer a little too long.On the event that I come back to Montreal for a visit, I would be hard pressed to say that Joe Beef would be my first choice of restaurants to visit. The service was incredible and the asparagus salad was AMAZING! But for the high price, being given a meal that was over-marinated, over-cooked, and over-fried was a little bit of a turn off. There are a plethora of excellent restaurants to try outside of Joe Beef.
1	Are you kidding me?Imagine a mid-life crisis taking place in a tiny New York style restaurant that insists on reservations for the bar (4 stools in the traffic zone to the kitchen) even if the bar is empty? Luckily I did make reservations earlier in the day with a snotty hostess.Joe Beef is full of the crap I'm guessing Joe's wife said 'no way' to when they combined their belongings 25 years ago in wedlock. Maybe they broke up, maybe he finally opened the restaurant of his dreams. Whatever happened, all that stuff is now in an overpriced restaurant in Little Burgandy.Look, I appreciate fresh ingredients and a menu that changes so quickly that you can't be bothered to print menus, but really? Making your patrons stand in the middle of a tiny dining room, in the way of servers and freaking out seated diners by looming behind them, gawking at a blackboard that is so jam packed with overpriced food and seriously overpriced wine? That's just mean Joe. The food was not bad but really, if you cook anything in a stick of butter (steak, potatoes, greens) it will taste just fine.  Either sass up the menu to match the high prices or clear out some of your swag and take a more honest, down home cookin approach to your price list.Oh and minus three stars for the spoiled 21 year olds running back and forth from the bar to the bathroom doing coke. Ew.
4	This place has huge portions and great good. Also, the atmosphere is really quaint (read small) and therefore reservation are a must.Liverpool House (same chef and owner) is also worth trying out!
4	This is a very cute restaurant.  It is small, and friendly, with fresh ingredients and a wide selection of meats (saw one salmon dish and one chicken dish, but everything else was beef/pork/veal, etc).  Great appetizers, plenty of drink specials, and the most friendly waitress I have had here in Montreal.  You can talk to them for a while about the cuts of meat, how they are prepared, etc.  Make reservations, and try to get a table in the garden, which is really quaint and romantic.I don't drink wine, so I can't comment on the over priced wine list.  But this is not a cheap place, so be prepared to pay a good amount to enjoy the food and atmosphere.
5	I've had one of the best and most memorable meals ever in this place. It's a tiny resto-pub located pretty far out of downtown montreal. Nevertheless, they really know their clientele and their menu is great. The Oysters are amazing, and my strongest recommendation. I've also enjoyed the huge portion of Lobster pasta and a beautiful dessert. The staff was super friendly and the atmosphere was so romantic its a great date spot away from traditional Montreal spots!
1	I agree with Amber... I was there on Friday night (Feb 19) and despite the food being tasty, the prices no way near proportional to how tasty.  Also, it is incredibly annoying to have to read an entire food and wine menu while standing up in a narrow passage-way.  It makes it very difficult to discuss with your dining companion what to share/have (which is usually an enjoyable process).  I had to keep getting up to see the menu to remember what went with what.  Also, with 2 main dishes included a $49 steak, one might expect more sides than some lonely green beans.  But my biggest disappointment with this restaurant was being lied to in the worst case scenario, or fobbed off in the best.  I asked our waitress if the skate was a sustainable fish and she said "oh yes,  there are so many of them, they need to get rid of them." with an air of confidence which made it seem as if she knew what she was talking about.  This is completely false.  According to this website, http://www.montereybayaquarium.org/cr/SeafoodWatch/web/sfw_factsheet.aspx?fid=147, "Skates have been severely overfished and most are caught with bottom trawls, which result in high levels of accidental catch and substantial damage to the seafloor." If she did not know the status of sustainability of this fish, I would have preferred she say she didn't know or ask the chef.  If she had done so, I would not have ordered this dish.  Very disappointing.
4	Loved loved loved it! Ok so the chalkboard menu and wine list are a little inconvenient but the food makes up for it. I had the best lamb shoulder roast (for two) with a side if polenta. I wanted to cry because we couldn't finish it. The meat was so tender, gives falling off the bone a new meaning. Apps of raw oysters and gnocchi were also hard to beat. Will definitely go back for more Joe Beef!
4	Other Yelpers' complaints about Joe Beef: Chalkboard Menu Wine List Prices My take on these: The chalkboard is charming and in French even! Tetes de violins are fiddleheads, don't you know? (Figured that one out myself!) The wine list-I don't care! I don't drink. Thank you Bill W. Prices. Are you kidding? My portion was ultra large. Well worth it. Now, to the meal. Our waiter brought out an amuse bouche of pork rillette and pickled vegetables. Very good and as far as amuses go, one of the largest servings ever. It could have been passed as an appetizer. We ordered appetizers of parfait of foie gras with plum jam and ricotta gnocchi with those fiddleheads and ham. Both were delicious. The gnocchi were so tender, the fiddleheads crunchy and the ham added the saltiness and flavored the sauce. The foie gras was melt-in-your-mouth good and very spreadable. It tasted great on the brioche it was served with along with the plum jam and a sprinkle of sea salt-like a peanut butter and jelly sandwich for aristocrats. It's a good thing we had extra bread to mop up the gnocchi sauce and finish the foie gras.The main course came-duck and lamb with seasonal vegetables and each meat was served in a sauce reduction. It was a fairly straight forward presentation. The plates were delicious. The meat was very tender. We weren't expecting sides to be served, but we got scalloped potatoes and root vegetables which made our ordering of asparagus seem like overkill. But, we happily ate it all and shared the beignets for dessert. The service at Joe Beef is fabulous. The wait staff was very attentive (and cute), filling water at the right time, clearing plates and seeing to our well-being. Our waiter was very well versed in understanding the menu in two languages. I say hooray for Joe Beef!
1	Clearly, based upon the prior reviews of this place, Joe Beef is as polarizing as cilantro.  Unfortunately, I'm in the camp that didn't care for it at all.  I generally don't have such a huge problem waiting a few minutes for a reservation, but this place doesn't get it.  There is virtually no space at all to wait inside the restaurant, so you're either waiting on the sidewalk or packed in like sardines by the tiny bar.We opted to be cramped by the bar with no seats and watched the bartender/oyster shucker cut his finger while trying to open one of the oysters.  Ok, so he can't shuck an oyster, but what made it worse was that he proceeded with finishing the order without cleaning up his bloody finger.  Shortly thereafter, said shucker then smelled another recently shucked oyster, made a face, poured out the liquor and put it on the tray.  Needless to say, I was passing on the oysters.After watching that horror show for about a 45 minutes (we had a 9:15 reservation and were seated about 10:00) we were finally seated against the wall with the chalkboard menu.  (We asked for a seat in the courtyard, and were told that we were getting one - their response was, "oh, sorry about that.  no seats outside.") Fine, since my wife couldn't see the menu, and doesn't speak french, we asked the server for some help.  Some people at the bar were sharing what looked like a veal chop with fiddlehead ferns - he said that it was a lamb shank and that it was spectacular.  We thought he knew what he was talking about.Given the late hour and the fact that we were grossed out by the oyster debacle, we skipped on starters.  Fast forward another hour.  I try to summon our server to ask where our food was.  His answer - well, your order didn't go in right away since you didn't order an appetizer.  Seriously?  It's 11pm, bring me my dinner that I ordered an hour ago.The food came, and it was not the same thing as what the guys at the bar ordered.  It tasted fine, but at that point, I was so disenchanted that I couldn't even enjoy it.  One thing that stood out was that it was a little too gamey.  My wife wound up eating some fiddlehead ferns for dinner since she couldn't get over the gaminess of the lamb.  The server came back to apologize and brought us dessert on the house - but who cared at that point.If I could give this place negative stars for my overall experience I would.
4	I really liked Joe Beef.  The ribs were some of the best I have ever tasted.  Their rabbit gnocci was also great.I was sated facing the blackboard, which I have to say greatly enhanced my dining experience.  unfortunately for my wife she had her back to the menu and was frustrated that she had to be "Ms. Memory".  However the kitchen was generous to her and created a special off-menu dish that was exactly what she wanted.Most of the guests were great, but the guy from Chicago seated immediately next to us was exceedingly loud and annoying.
4	Called Saturday afternoon and they had a cancellation so got in for 7pm supper. Husband ordered gnocchi with mushrooms to start, beef short ribs with escargot as a main and bread pudding for dessert. I had smorgasbord to start, followed by a HUGE pork chop (I only ate about a third of it) and Greek yoghurt with honey and fruit. Apps were amazing. Mains solid and tasty. Desserts yummy. Will definitely return on future trips to Montreal.
5	I went back and got the lobster spaghetti.  So darn good, worth all 10000 calories.
5	Had a reservation for a group of four at 7pm which apparently was first seating.  We arrived 15 minutes early and were the first guests there.  I thought the chalkboard menu was quite charming but I can see how it could be annoying to some.  I noticed many diners standing behind a table full of guests, just to look at the menu.  I'm sure I'd find that annoying if I were sitting there.  We had no problem since we were seated perpendicular to the menu/wall.  The menu itself is written in French, but the waiter was nice enough to give us a run down of ever item on the menu.  We would've been lost without it and worse, we would've stuck with the simple stuff we could understand and missed the gems like the horse filet and veal chop.  The food was spectacular!  The veal chop was juicy and charred just enough.  The mashed potatoes, presented in a small All-Clad pot, were some of the best I've ever had.  I tried a friend's horse filet and it was surprisingly tasty.  There were no complaints from the other two in my crew with the lobster spaghetti.  I don't eat seafood, so I wouldn't know anything about it.All in all it was one of the greatest meals I've ever had and wished there was a Joe Beef in NYC.  Oh yea.... there's a surprise waiting for you in the bathroom!
5	This is one of my favourites in Montreal. Joe Beef is able to blend a cozy atmosphere with extraordinary food. It's a little cheaper then it's close sibling, Garde Manger, in the part of town that I prefer. The staff is always inviting and will take the time to help if needed.The food is out of this world. I've been a few times and I'm always amazed. If you enjoy a mix of rugged meat with refined toppings, you'll love what they have to offer. Soon they will be expanding so more people can go through the Joe Beef experience!
4	We had a reservation at the bar at 9:30pmthe place was jammed but it probably always feels like that since it is so small. The outdoor patio is impressive but mostly their garden, it is crazy! It's huge and it makes you feel good as you know you will be eating fresh from their backyard!The staff is very nice and the food is great.WE had oysters from PEI, wish there were more choice but at least they were fresh!We were served cocktails from jar, original.We tried the chichitos which were excellent, and also the amazing beignes dipped in maple syrup with house smoked cheddar melting all over them!! Mmmmm!!! It was delicious.We didn't eat much because I noticed that the plates were overwhelming, meaning way too much food!!! Not the typical french restaurant portion. Personally, I prefer to try several small plates than 1-2 large one and feel stuffy.I will go back and thanks to Nic for the excellent service.PS Be careful, there is a bison in the bathroom!!
4	If you love foie gras and if you love it fried, this IS the place to go!!! We came here JUST to eat the double down that our friend so highly recommended. Seriously, if you have any heart issues, eat with caution. It's SOOOO freaking amazing and it will definitely give you heart burn. I suggest adding fries to soak up the duck fat rendered by this phenomenon. The table does come with bread, so you can use that too.Every single bite of 2 fried foie gras, aged cheese, a little mayo and bacon was heavenly. Not only that, they brought out home made donuts with aged cheese on top.... very interesting. The donuts were very fresh and soft. The little bit of cheese made it a little savory, interesting and also will give you a heart attack if you haven't had it yet.
3	We had a great table on the patio - really is cute back there, especially the table for two in the garden. I think the cool factor is high and the crowd is hip - definitely a fun spot. I found the menu creative, maybe to a fault (do we really need duck heart tacos?). I ordered to Burratta, which was ok, but not as good as others I've tried. I also had the schnitzel, which was fabulous, and huge! The oysters were fresh and delish. They are famous for the lobster spaghetti which was good, with generous portion of lobster (but very pricey). The rest of the menu changes regularly and I got the sense that the kitchen was free styling, since what came out was not always what was described by our waiter. So why the 3? It is over priced. 30 / 40 for mains seemed unnecessary. Also there were some misses at our table - including the scallops and the Cornish hen. Also the service was slow, though the servers were very friendly once they got to us.
4	Great restaurant!  Definitely lives up to the hype with outstanding PEI oysters, decadent lobster spaghetti, delicious cod fish with five different kinds of sauteed onions - as well as a perfectly cooked filet mignon.   Pleasant attentive service and a homy yet upbeat vibe add to the experience - but if you want truly awesome, tasty food - don't miss this place.
5	Absolutely spectacular - from the amazing, friendly service to the killer food!  Wow!  We called at 8pm on a Friday, asking for a 9pm reservation - and, although we ate at the bar, the experience was top notch.  Just so happened that we ate there the same night as Anthony Bourdain, so we knew it would be perfect.  The bartender/waiter was both friendly and knowledgeable, and helped us choose our starter and our steak (plus great wines by the glass and an outstanding dessert).  Based on his suggestion, we started with a full, chilled seafood platter; a ton of things, all great, including lobster salad, octopus salad, smoked salmon, huge shrimp, raw oysters, mussels, and salmon a couple different ways - oh, and crab and scallops and smoked char and a langoustine.  Mama Mia, it was tasty!  He then suggested we share the sirloin with aside of fries.  The steak was huge and cooked to absolute perfection- do yourself a favor and share a steak.  Too much food for one human.  He chose an amazing desert for us, some layered cake concoction that was outstanding.  The owner (the Mrs) came over and talked with us for about 20 minutes; super nice and friendly.  This is a great place for dinner, with a hip vibe and the best steak and seafood I've had in a long time.  Bravo, Joe Beef!
5	Joe Beef is a big dude, and his place is larger than life. We ate here with friends who are locals on the hottest night of the Montreal summer. Without exaggeration, it was at least 92 degrees (yes, Fahrenheit) inside the restaurant. Despite our sweat and misery, we had a legendary meal. But before a few words on the meal, a toast to the real star of the night: the bison in the men's room. What a guy.OK, the meal: We ordered off the blackboard menu. The tomato salad and cold soup were perfect amid the perspiration. The cocktails, Chilean red and Willamette Valley pinot kept us as cool as could be as a snap thunderstorm pierced the heat and humidity. Then, the beef, and lots of it. It's hard to imagine how great this place would be with air conditioning.Hats off to Mr. Beef and the bison.
4	Recently there for a bachelor party, thanks to Hurricane Irene, we had a smaller crew than we originally expected (Joe Beef can only accomodate a max party of 6).Thank goodness for that.First came the Prosciutto and Melons. The prosciutto was quite possibly the best I ever had (this includes the stuff I had in Italy!)Then I tasted the Melons... OMG (yes, I just raved like a teenager about Melons - but they were definitely the best I ever had).I had the foie gras appetizer - and the duck breast entree (yes a little over-doing it for sure), but both could've used a little more salt I think and were quite good, but my friends' Entrecote de Beouf blew it away.Wait-staff was extremely friendly even though we had to wait almost an hour past our reservation time to sit. Our waitress went out of her way to recommend other bars/restaurants for our crew to visit while there. Maybe it's just coming from NYC, but the staff's friendliness was above and beyond the call of duty.
5	I've been holding on to my Joe Beef experience because humans, especially those with OCD, place an unreasonable amount of significance on round numbers. When I realized I was coming up on my 250th review, I figured I would save the honor for what I consider to be one of the top five dining experiences in my lifetime. Yeah, it was that good.First, special thanks to my friend Mike H. for pointing us in the direction of Joe Beef. I was laser focused on eating at Au pied de cochon during our time in Montreal and prior to him enlightening me, had never heard of ole Joe. We ended up eating at both restaurants and in my (not so) humble opinion, Mr. Beef blows the other place out of the water.I have to admit that when we walked in to JB, everything about it was uncomfortable. The lights were dim, the music was loud and the small space was so chocked full of tables that you couldn't help but feel everyone was staring at you. This feeling was amplified by the fact that our waitress asked us to study the blackboard menu on the wall while they pulled our table out for us. The two things of note here are that there are no paper menus, so the person with their back to the board needed to decide before they sat, and the tables were so close the staff have to let you in and lock you down... like some sort of culinary roller coaster.Our food came from nearly every part of the animal kingdom. We had oysters. Great. We had foie gras. Fantastic. The wife had schnitzel. Good. I had a horse steak (yeah, horse... or is it naaay, horse?). Very Good. Everything was expertly prepared and presented in a "Hey, we like food but we aren't all prissy about it" sorta way. I don't like prissy. I liked this. The drinks were just as expertly prepared and equally as delicious. Putting a raw oyster on top of my Bloody Caesar? Uhhh, brilliant. (see pic)Truth be told, the food was not the highlight of the meal. Our waitress, Vanya, may very well be the best server we've ever had. Not only was she knowledgeable, efficient, witty, professional and everything else you look for in wait staff, she was quite simply... lovely. There was something about her warm and friendly way of interacting with you that made you feel like you were the Greatest Person to Have Ever Walked the Planet. I know what you're thinking, Chris is just a sucker for blondes and his enthrallment with Vanya was probably because he'd love any blonde that feeds him. That's not an entirely invalid perception, however my wife had pretty much the same opinion of Vanya... and she's not in to chicks... or so she says. Hmm, give me a minute. Where was I? Oh yes, Vanya. We loved her.Perhaps the most surprising thing about the restaurant, besides the buffalo in the bathroom, was just how homey it became by the end of the night. I can see how people wouldn't like the close quarters, but have a few cocktails and suddenly the tables around you are welcomed dinner companions. For what it's worth, I went from telling my wife "I don't want to eat dinner with them" to high-fiving one of the two guys eating next to us by the time we left. We didn't have to pop our collars. We already knew we were cool.I firmly believe Joe Beef is going places. They don't have a ton of reviews, but with some of the press they've been getting lately, I expect that number to explode. If others' experiences are anything like ours, they will be firmly rooted at 4.5 stars well into the triple digits. They deserve it.
2	Full disclosure, I'm not a foodie.  I'm a lady who likes great comfort food and fair prices.  DON'T go here if you are like me.  First two positives: this place is very cute inside and the staff is great.  Negatives:- menu constantly changes, so if you liked a dish in the past or were recommended a dish on Yelp, odds are that it is not present- the menu is on a chalkboard (due to the menu turnover), very awkward to read it standing around other diners- the menu seems very French and experimental, the chef may be the French-Canadian version of Gordon Ramsey.  This is great for diners who are wealthy and can experiment with odd food combinations- VERY expensive, dinner for two with wine will run you around $135.
4	One of the best restaurants in Montreal. I couldn't pick a standout dish, everything is good.
4	Joe Beef provided me with the best meal I have ever had in Montreal.  The establishment is dark and intimate.  The service was very friendly and knew the menu well.  Rumor has it that this is where David Chang likes to go when in town.  (This probably is most likely the case since he wrote the introduction for the Joe Beef cookbook)  The dishes have some Momofuku-like attributes but its unfair to compare Joe Beef to Chang's restaurant group.  They are similar in the way foods are paired or as I like to say mashed up; like the musical genreWhen I think back to the food Joe Beef served us it make me imagine this is the type of food a cook would serve to guest in his home.  We started with fresh oysters that spoke for themselves.  My large group doubled down on the double down foie gras;  we ordered two of the entrees that sandwiched bacon and cheese between to pieces of lightly battered and fried foie.  This was pretty ridiculous and good.  I thought the foie was a bit over done.  The eel nuggets were nice but failed to excite.  The best starter for me was the clams, riz and squid.  The squid stuffed with rice reminded me of being in Spain.  Tentacles gently placed inside the opened clams completed the great presentation.The Cote du Boeuf for two was a bone in rib eye steak served Peter Luger style cut and served with spoons to serve each person.  Bone marrow and a potato, sort of au gratin, accompanied the dish.  The grass fed beef spoke for itself but came out closer to the medium side.  We didn't specify temperature.  Maybe it was my fault for assuming unless otherwise specified beef comes out medium rare.  Lobster and spaghetti featured perfectly cooked lobster mixed in with a bit of pasta in a very light cream sauce.  Although I appreciate the bite of al dente pasta I thought Joe Beef's could have been cooked more.  The star of the meal for me was the crab stuffed whole artic char.  This was one of the best things I have eaten this year and the reason why I will try to make it back to Joe Beef the next time I am in Montreal.We tried each of the deserts.  A take on a backed potato that consisted of two meringues was forgettable.  The carrot cake was very good.  The sorbet was maybe the best sorbet I have ever tasted.  The worst part about the experience was the terrible, terrible espresso.  It was like if someone brewed the most bitter coffee they could find then squeezed a lemon in it.  It was so bad that the fellas and me ended up going somewhere near by for a digestive.The meal had some ups and downs but all together it was a stellar meal.   This was a great place and meal for a group of six guys celebrating a birthday.  There was a group of older gentlemen behind us doing the same.  The only other thing I can advise is that Joe Beef only has to seatings; one at 7p and another at 9:30p.
2	Food ? Top Marks.Pretense ? 10 out of 10!!First we were shown to the blackboard menu on the wall (they do not give you a printed menu), so you have to stand, with other diners, in a cramped dining room, and decide on your meal & wine, while standing over other diners (I later experienced this, with people standing behind me throughout my meal, bit weird).First issue, most things are spelt in French, second issue, a lot of things lack decent descriptions, so if you have a question, you have to wait standing and ask a server.The wines are very overpriced too.Next major issue, they have cramped the tables in so close that they have to slide the thing out from the wall so you can sit down and you have to get their attention to do this every time you want to use the restroom. Crazy carry on.  You are way too close to the strangers either side. The food is excellent but everything else takes away from it.I would not recommend.
5	Ok, so this is a very very pricey place for the regular foodie. Be smart and ask the incredibly knowledgeable staff what their favorites are, this may also be necessary because of the dark ambiance in the resto. Ask and you shall receive I had the beef bourguignon which was amazing and decadent.Joe Beef is for those that enjoy rustic and fancy blended into a delicious combination of wow! If you love food this is a place that is very close to foodie heaven.
4	Had a great time at Joe Beef. GOOD: The eel croquettes were insanely good. The duck breast and braised cabbage was the best I had ever had. Period.  The service was really excellent--friendly and casual but professional.  There was a good selection of wine with some reasonably priced options.BAD:  The foie gras double down. You'll wish you hadn't. My friend and I shared it. I finished about 2/3 of mine and wanted to call it an evening. I felt sick.The Double Down is more of a novelty rather than something I'm actually willing to review the restaurant for.  The only reason why it gets a 4 instead of a 5 out of five is because it's quite pricey; you pay for every bit of goodness you get here.
4	Our dining experience here felt like we were invited to hang out at a very cool friend's very cool house with very delicious food. In spite of its ridiculously long wait-time to snag a reservation, the place is far from pretentious and the service was casual and warm.Our table wasn't quite ready when we walked in so we were invited to sit at the bar where the host poured us wine and made small talk, modestly downplaying the success of the restaurant, giving huge props to the great kitchen staff and talking about the various dishes on the menu as though they were children he could never be forced to choose between. Every detail of the decor feels random and perfectly kitsch-y but expertly placed; from the makeshift library of cookbooks near the bar to the giant gallon of gin and six pack of bitters above our table.  The music was equally eclectic - from Dolly Parton to rap in one sitting!My only pet peeve is chalkboard menus which force you to squint and invade other diners' personal space...but its a necessary evil of fresh cuisine. The menu was seafood heavy on our visit; as a meat eater I asked our host for a suggestion and was directed to the "chou-croute"  which was a huge pot of sausage and cabbage with potatoes and a rich broth....impossible to finish but delicious!Our waitress, Samia, was fantastic. Sensing how full we were after dinner she brought us a serving of their home-made ice cream - a light concoction of rum and pineapple and all manner of goodness - and chatted with us like an old friend. The prices were more than reasonable - an entree, main, glass of wine and tea came in at under $60. Definitely worth the wait for a reservation!
5	Wow that was good. So in January I though that it would be fun to have dinner with some friends at Joe Beef. It had been some time since I'd eaten there and I'd been hearing so many good things about the restaurant I felt it was time to go back. As the restaurant is in my neighborhood I passed by and asked to make a reservation for 5 on a Friday or Saturday night, well the first available spot was over two months away. For the past two months my friends and I have been anticipating our dinner, it was no disappointment. Great food, great atmosphere, great fun!We were a group of five so we were able to sample a good amount of the menu and nothing disappointed. The portions are large and the food is very rich so sharing is a good strategy if you want to get a taste of multiple dishes. We started by sharing the Foie Gras Double Down - two pieces of deep fried foie gras with cheese and maple syrup in between. If you're going to share something, share this entree. I don't think that it is humanly possible to eat this and then go on to finish a main course. Other highlights from the entree list were the Eel Croquettes which melted in your mouth and the giant Baked Oysters. For my main dish I had the Lobster Spaghetti. Had I only had the accompanying sauce I would have been pleased. The dish was very rich, but terrific. Although we were all stuffed we could not resist a dessert so the 5 of us shared a beautiful looking meringue covered in raspberry sorbet, chocolate sauce and fresh mint. The meringue was so light and delicate and each of the other flavors set off a party in your mouth one after another. Even though your gut is about to burst you just can't resist having another mouthful. Given the decadence of their food Joe Beef is certainly not the type of place you can eat at everyday. But it is a wonderful treat. Be prepared to spend your money because nothing is inexpensive, but it is all worth it. They really do deliver a complete package, a fun experience with good food and good service. Enjoy!
5	I think the best food I've had in a long time...perhaps ever! I planned a trip to Montreal just for Joe Beef but hadn't made reservations in advance. I was so lucky to sneak in at 9:30 on a Saturday night for dinner, and am so happy that I did!The food was the best I've eaten in...since I can remember! I chose the cheval with fries and a cress salad and my friend had the pork schnitzel. Both were so much better than I thought they could be! We also shared the beer cheese....fantastic!The staff was all friendly, helpful and warm. I felt like I could (and should) have spent all night there! Though I did spend a lot of time twisted around trying to read the menu (which is only written on a chalk board...nothing to read at the table!) I think that we chose the perfect wine for our meal. The list was HUGE and I doubt that anything on the menu was bad. Overall, the most happy and comfortable place I've eaten in to date. These folks really understand what is important about food. I wish I lived closer so that I could eat here more often...then of course, my pants might be happy that I don't!
2	Joe average Beef.  Absolutely not spectacular.  Hyped over the press and the rep but Anthony Bourdain was wrong. Love Montreal and with so many restaurants this is missable. Way overpriced and trying too hard to be out there with options. Could not even impress with the signature steak. Even for Montreal the service was uninspired. At half the price and no wait it would get 3.5 stars.Thankfully the company was 10 stars and it saved the night.
5	Fantastic dinner. Went here to celebrate graduation with my girlfriend. I had a perfectly cooked Rib Steak. It was quite large and very filling. The service was very friendly. The menu was a little hard to read since it was on a chalkboard. Overall, this was one of the best steaks I've had in my life. I would highly recommend coming here.
3	I had great expectations for Joe Beef because it took us two months to score dinner reservations. The ambiance is a very intimate setting. It's like walking into a bed and breakfast kitchen diner. Everyone is squeezed in together tightly.  The host takes your coats and hangs it up and we sat in a small booth for five. Dinner menu was written on a chalkboard wall that was barely legible. Our waitress was easy on the eye. She was beautiful so when she informed us we only had two hours for drinks, appetizer, dinner and deserts we all just agreed to the rules and nodded our heads. Two hours later on the dot. We empty out our purses and wallets and walked out of the restaurant happy and full.
4	Love love loved it! We received the Joe Beef cookbook as a gift and were very curious about the restaurant. What a great evening.  The ambiance was cozy and warm, the service was fabulous.  As for the food, fantastic.  I had the lobster spaghetti which was to die for. Two in our party had the calf liver and another the lobster sausages.  Yum was the consensus! Really really good.What a lovely treat, thank you.
5	We were lucky enough to score a reservation here last night!  It definitely lived up to its reputation. We needed help with blackboard since we don't speak French. No problem because the server was very helpful. She went over everything..good thing. I started with the oysters which were excellent. My husband had the half double down which I think enough has been posted about. He loved it as much as everyone else has on this board. For mains it was rabbit for me and lamb for him. The rabbit was so amazing with a carrot sauce and tortellini. I ate every bite...extremely rare for me. The lamb was so unique. It was in the shape of a giant ball and served with polenta and braised greens. He just about licked the plate. We typically skip dessert but had to have it since everything else was so amazing. We ordered the meringue and it was perfect- a completely unique twist of a dessert just like the other yelpers said. I highly recommend it and everything else we had. So glad we went here! Go if you can get a reservation.
5	My sister and were visting from Philadelphia and while the details of our night are now a blur-we had a wonderful time from our host at Liverpool house(his name escapes me) he was friendly and made sure we relaxed and had our drinks without rushing and informed "next door" we were doing so. He gave us a tour of the garden and also came back to check on us mid-meal. Again, it was a wonderful night the food and the oyster-topped bloody mary my sister had was a work of art. I think that my dark and stormy rivaled any other I've ordered. I wish I'd written this review months ago. Thank you, for such a a memorable night!
4	Heard a ton about it and saw on anthony bourdain so had really high hopes. The service was excellent and although we had bar reservations they gave us a table instead which was nice. A downside is the impossible to read chalkboard menu which was behind me so either you have to awkwardly stand behind diners and stare at it or crane your neck 180degrees which is not comfortable at all. The bread was soooo good, best bread i can think of. The asparagus with egg and duck sausage was a great flavorful and rich appetizer and I was basically full after it but had already ordered the lamb which was succulent and fall off the bone. My boyfriend had the double down half which he did not think was the revelation everyone else seems to think. His lobster sausage was good but didn't blow his mind. Overall a hearty rich meal, came out to 120 with top which I guess isn't horrible but for no drinks or dessert is quite pricey!
3	My girlfriend and I tried to get a reservation a week before we left NYC, but were denied, and were thrilled that we were able to call one in the day of.  (We even got upgraded from the bar to a real table!) Oh the disappointment that ensued.The good:-The wait staff is genuinely friendly and knowledgeable.-The duck spam was the best breakfast sausage I ever ate.  It's accompanying asparagus tasted more like asparagus than any one (of many) I ever cooked.-They make amazing French fries.  -Their bread is moist and flavorful. -My girlfriend enjoyed her braised lamb main, and it was indeed tender, but I found the flavor was merely average.The bad:-The menu is in French, which forced the waiter to read us every item on it.  It created a lot of pressure to choose on the spot.-The menu is on a chalk board only, so anyone with his or her back to it is out of luck.  Also, it isn't visible from the bar area, so bar patrons are reading it over your shoulder.  Really, you're so high on yourself that you can't print it bilingually and on paper? -The much-talked about app of bacon and cheese stuffed between two pieces of fried foie gras is very good, but not worth writing home about.  The bacon was pure limp fat and the foie coating was oil greasy (not foie greasy).-The lobster sausage main was disappointment on a plate.  The accompanying clams and mussels were good enough, but the squid was rubbery and the sausage was poor.  First, it was dry.  Second, it had no lobster flavor.  Third, when I dissected it, the few pieces of lobster claw meat it contained were bone dry.If you want good food, by all means eat here.  If you want a revelation, go elsewhere.
5	A meat lover's paradise, you'll be stuffing your face with cholesterol pumping double down foie gras, perfectly prepared horse steak with its marrow, and savory eel croquettes. I will say, some of my party was slightly disappointed with their steak and sweet bread as some other dishes were more colorful in flavor, but I can't imagine finding a meat establishment that is as delicious as this place. If anyone knows of anything similar in NYC, please please let me know.If the weather is nice, I definitely recommend sitting in the outdoor patio beside their garden. Drinks are great, especially their Bloody Caesar that's topped with an oyster.
4	Yes, you have to go. Yes, it will be memorable. They are irreverent, charming, hospitable, and they know their way around the kitchen. We had the double down (OMG), a rabbit dish, a pork chop, and cheese. The only disappointment was the Canadian pinot noir, but hey, it was Canandian wine. That's what we get for ordering it in the first place. The waitress decanted it for us, which improved it considerably. Our reso was at 9:45pm, and honestly, it was the perfect time. I don't think this place gets cranked up for a while. It was prime time to dive in by the time we arrived. I bought the vanity cookbook, which is hilarious. I may be enjoying it even more than my night at Joe Beef. The tables are tight: they have to pull it out for the inside person to be seated. We chatted with our neighbors, who were charming, but it woud've made for a miserable experience if they sucked because there's no escaping the people next door. All that said, I had a better experience for a slightly less pricey ticket at Au Pied de Cochon. Try to do both, but if you have to choose just one, I'd go with APDC.
4	One of the very first things we did when we found out we were going to Montreal was to book a reservation for Joe Beef, and we're thankful that we did. Everything was delicious and we did not walk out of there hungry. The tables are very very close together. When we arrived, they asked us to take a look at the menu (written on a chalkboard) and then to let them know when we were ready to sit down. Tip: I took a picture of the menu on my phone so I wouldn't have to stand there and look before deciding what I wanted to eat. When we were ready, they pulled out the table so I could get in to the other side, slid the table back to sort of trap me in, then my husband sat on the other side of the table. Doesn't sound too great in words, but I'm just trying to explain how close everyone is in the restaurant- we didn't mind it at all and enjoyed being able to see what everyone else was ordering as well. The menu is in French so I didn't really know what to order. The waitress was great at explaining items on the menu and making recommendations. We ordered too much and still got dessert. Foie gras double down - rich and tastyCrab gratin? - good but not something I'd rave about or order againJoe Beef Steal - delicious - I really liked the horseradish on top of the tomato and didn't need any of the sauce that came on the sideHusband had pork with a surprise egg in the middle - it was tasty too but sort of reminded me of the flavors of a roasted pig in Asian markets. Chocolate baked potato for dessert- I wish I got a picture of it before they chocolate sauce was poured over it but the reaction from others around us when this came out was worth ordering. Great service and very good food. I'd try to come back if I'm ever in Montreal again.
2	They pack the tables really close together.  While it was nice for making friends with a very nice couple beside our table, it made the restaurant so loud that we could barely talk to each other.The food was good, but there are better options in Montreal.
5	OVERALL:Fantastic!  I am from Chicago IL so you know we enjoy our food, the ambiance, and the experience.I came to Montreal for the first time and truly enjoyed a French Experience here.Our waitress was so helpful, kind and just a delight to have.  She walked myself and my boyfriend through the menu in English since it was written in French.  Everything is on a chalkboard wall that changes daily so it was a bit confusing trying to remember the different options, but I just chose one and was happy with the results.Food:I had sausage stuffed with a mixture of rabbit and other meaty goodness.  Sitting in Mash Potatoes, peas, and rich brown cream sauce.  My boyfriend had halibut with caviar and veggetables in a yellow cream sauce.  He thought it was just ok for the price (39).  While I enjoyed mine thoroughly and had enough for two days (35).  We also had an appetizer of two friend pieces of tofu stuffed with some sort of fruit chutney that was warmed.  It was truly divine.  And dont even get me started on the wine.  I had a lovely Sangiovese with a nice long finish.  Suggested by our waitress.Service:Did I mention she was great?Food:Dessert was...meh... a three layer cake with chocolate ganache in the middle.  A little dry but the ganache was good and served my sweet tooth after our meal.LocationYou are squished next to other people, but I could have cared less.  I felt like I was in grandmas dining room enjoying some fantastic home cooking.  The indoor space can probably fit 20-30 people squished together.  Outdoors can probably fit another 15-20.  Id get a seat outside if possible.  Be sure to make a reservation otherwise you wont get a seat.  And that is for indoor or outdoors.If you are visiting Montreal just go.  Dont think about it.  Go!  I will go back when I visit again.
5	Our favourite restaurant in Montreal. Get the ribs and melt away in joy!
5	I have a vegan friend.  She's a great person, but sometimes a bit preachy.  If I ever get angry with her, I'm inviting her to Joe Beef.  I think she'd spontaneously combust after reading the menu.The thing I love about Montreal restos is that they don't need to try hard by having a fancy dining room and vertical presentations that defy logic - they let the food speak for itself.  We went with a group of 4 on a Tuesday night: it was packed, but they seated us pretty quickly (we did have reservations 3 weeks in advance).  The group I went with were all foodies - and we wanted to sample a bit of everything.  We started off with Caesar's and Pimm's Cups with two dozen oysters.  The Caesar was basically a meal unto itself: served with a perfectly shucked oyster and lobster tail (it was actually a shrimp but it was pretty massive).  For appetizer I ordered their foie gras double down - I was ambitious and ordered the larger portion.  The concept of it sold me even before I took a greasy/fat-filled/artery clogging bite, and it certainly delivered.  We shared a giant arugula/herb salad which cut the grease quite well.  For entree I ordered the horse.  Alot of the horse I eat tends to be tough and game-y (lick the barn yard floor game-y), but what arrived could have just as easily been 50 day aged Kobe.  Only qualm is that the portion was so big I couldn't finish it - thankfully my table-mates helped out. My only issue with the whole experience is that it took a while for food to arrive, but their giant Caesar's more than made up for that.  God speed Joe Beef - I'll be back soon... after going on a diet.
4	After a recommendation from locals we met who seemed somewhat cool, and reading reviews promising extremely good meat, we rode bixi bikes here from old town on our second night in Montreal. It took much longer than we expected for some reason, this city is bigger than it seemed at first. But we arrived around 10 pm and were surprised (in a good way coming from NYC) to still see a line out the door waiting to talk to the hostess at that time. We didn't have reservations but they were able to fit us in at a tiny, but private area of the bar in the back room. We felt like we were at a larger version of five leaves in Brooklyn. We were confused about the blackboard menu and couldn't really see it at all from where we were, but had already been told to order the lobster spaghetti and ribs so ordered those two dishes and a salad, which we were told came from their garden. Everything was excellent, bartender who took our order and talked with us during the meal was very cooland friendly, we had a couple of glasses of good wine and they even gave us free dessert because there was an extra one someone ordered on accident. We had no idea how much any of this was costing since there was no menu we could see, but we were buzzed and on vacation so didn't really care. We were slightly alarmed when the bill came and the entrees were $50 and $30. Everything else was pretty normal pricing. We still don't know which was $50, but guessing the lobster spaghetti, which was amazing and worth almost any price. All in all was excellent food, very cool place, slightly overpriced and confusing ordering system/menu but worth it, just not for everyday. I would actually recommend sitting at the bar, I felt like we had better service (it was like having our own private waiter) and it seemed more comfortable than the tables I saw, the tables looked tiny and cramped.
5	Be adventurous  and try the Horse!
5	I haven't eaten this well in a very long time.  I live near NYC so I've been spoiled by the quality of good food there.  Joe Beef wasn't the best meal I've had but it was probably the best meal I've had in Montreal.  I totally love how it has a different menu every day.  That means there are so many different dinner possibilities. I will definitely come back here in the near future. I want to try everything!The wait staff is incredibly friendly and helpful.  They are also very knowledgeable with the items on the menu.There were four people in our party and we were seated at a nice cozy booth right across from the menu on the chalkboard.  It was dimly lit and very homey.  I wanted to take a nap after my meal.  We also noted the music was very good and a whole variety of old classics from the 90's. Haha.The four of us opted to get the special beer made especially for Joe Beef.  It was served in really large old fashioned beer bottles.  It was very refreshing and it went very well with our meal.For appetizers, we got the Foie Gras Double Down (how could you not get that?), single portion; raw oysters, a salad with cheddar cheese (sorry for the description but I cannot read French) and a white ham sliders appetizer.The double down was everything I hoped for. We split it 4-ways and it's a good thing I did.  It was delicious.  The two slabs of foie gras was deep fried, like fried chicken and in the middle was a bacon slice, some cheese and some greens. It was delectable.  A double portion would be very tempting but I think I'd die of a heart attack afterwards.The oysters were very fresh and served with cocktail sauce and a mignonette sauce. They were soo good. I wish we had more but one of the kinds were sold out.The salad was nice and fresh and it was a nice balance to the foie gras.  The ham sliders were also very good but very filling because of all the bread.For the main course, we ordered the rabbit, the Joe Beef Steak, the pork chop and smoked ribs.The rabbit was good - it tasted like non fatty chicken but that was my first time I had rabbit. My husband raves about rabbit and he seemed to love it.  The steak was perfectly cooked to a medium rare and I ordered the Madame portion of it (10 oz). There was a Monsieur portion available at 18 oz but that sounded way too big with all the other stuff I was eating.  The meat was perfectly seasoned so I had no need of the steak sauce that came on the side and the bed of spinach was also delicious.  I don't know why it tasted so good but I just remembered it was like heaven on a plate.I was really impressed with the pork chop. It was a huge pork chop too and it was cooked to perfection.  Totally tenderly and it seemed like it melted in your mouth.  The smoked ribs was a surprise.  It was probably the best ribs I've ever had.  Smoked to perfection and falling off the bone. So freaking good.  These guys really know how to cook their meat!By that time, I had no room for dessert but my party each wanted their own dessert so I caved in.  I ordered Financier on the Cob and my group ordered the Patate au Four, the chocolate mint sundae and a panna cotta that came with some melon granita.  They were all delicious but I think the Patate au Four was the best one.  The coffee is also very good and I had some herbal tea that was presented really fancily. I should have taken a picture of it but totally forgot in my happy food coma.I will definitely go back again and that's a promise.  Make sure you make your reservations early. I thought I had made my reservation relatively early but only the 9:30pm openings were available on certain days.  This is a must go to restaurant if you enjoy meat.  It's perfection.I have a more extensive review on my blog complete with pictures but Yelp made me take the link off of this review.....
5	Great place for a relaxed night out with amazing food and drinks. Best Bloody Caesars you will ever find!
5	I cannot handle how great this place is. Sure, the wait is about an half hour long even when you have a reservation and the entire menu of what looks like 50+ different options is only written on one single chalkboard that sprawls across one wall of the restaurant, the place is still so fantastic. SERVICE+ Our server was the most darling and helpful waitress I have ever encountered. She started us off by spending literally 20 minutes translating and describing every single item on the menu for us in such a passionate and compelling way that we needed another 20 minutes to decide what the hell we should order from all the mouth-watering options. Throughout the night, she wasn't hyper attentive to our table, but she made it up by being so sweet and friendly. Oh, and she also came out with two desserts even though we only ordered one, because she knew we had made a conflicted choice and really wanted us to try both. Oh, and since we were the last ones in the restaurants on a Friday night, she poured us some shots before we left. BEST SERVER EVER. FOOD+ Overwhelming+ Incredibly delicious+ Everything we ate was delicious and somewhat heftily portioned, so my advice to you is this: Go with your gut. You won't go wrong. + If you'd like a more specific recommendation: get the duck. So so so good. AMBIENCE+ Love the soft lighting and the romantic feel of the strung christmas lights+ Filled with young, hip montrealers, out-of-towners, and any people who like to eat good grub+ The kind of place I would love to eat at every night of the week in New York. It has just the right feel of fun, casual, and hip without any of the pretension and wear-and-tear of overhyping. Absolutely love it!
5	This is my favourite restaurant in Montreal: hands down, no contest, I want to marry it. I brought 3 restaurant-savvy New Yorkers with me for this food journey and they were blown away with how much Joe Beef rocks.It was pouring buckets outside and the restaurant was warm, cozy and totally hopping when we arrived for our 7pm reservation. After standing there and trying to pick from all of the choices on the chalkboard, I finally hung my head and begged the server for her help. She laughed and then started listing her favourites. We ordered them all, everything from the duck, to the terrine to 3 types of fish. Every bite was incredible, tasty and knee-weakening delicious. The wine my dinner partner picked was perfect with all of our dishes, so good, that we ordered a second bottle.The ambiance of this place is just plain awesome and I adore the buffalo in the washroom, he just makes me happy! This place is food porn at its best and I don't want help for my addiction.
5	I ate too much.My favorite part about this restaurant is actually the atmosphere.  What a cool little spot.  Last night I sat on the outdoor patio.  Outdoor patio in October...I love it.  The patio is pretty small, three heaters and it is covered so you don't feel cold at all.  In fact, when I went inside it seemed too hot and stuffy as the place was packed!Service was very good.  We seemed to have two servers, they kept checking on us and were pleasant to talk to and joke with.The food was also good.  As I said up front, I ate too much, or maybe I shouldn't have had that much rich food!  I started with the Chevel Tartare.  I like to try new things and I had never had this before.  Chevel is quail right?  Anyways, it was a unique taste and texture.  My first bite was a bit odd, but then I ate every last bit.  It was very good!  My main dish was Cerf, I think that is an austrian type of chicken.  It was also very good!  And after a couple Joe Beef Beer's I had absolutely no room for dessert!Two small things I didn't like, (not worth docking a star though), is that they do not take Amex.  It always annoys me when restaurants don't take it.  The second was that there was a SUPER obnoxious drunk guy at a table with 6 or 7 people.  He was so loud he overpowered everyone elses conversation, swearing, dirty jokes and stuff.  I don't usually care but this guy was excessive.  I would have appreciated the staff taking some action.  It was still packed with the dinner crowd, I don't need to hear about this losers last trip to Vegas or the girls he banged in high school.All in all a great evening though.
5	C'est probablement le meilleur resto de Montreal! Et encore mieux, apres avoir goute a leur cuisine, vous pouvez la faire chez vous et impressioner vos invite!! Achetez absolument le livre! 5/5
5	Go w an empty stomach and $$$I absolutely looooved itIt is very casual, friendly wait staffGreat great cocktails... They will make you one- just tell them what you like and they.ll figure out concoctions Idiot recall the oyster name but they were from pei on the large side sounds like"co buvais" DELICIOUS! And this is the only light dish of the nightFood here is dense, hearty and extremely extremely savory...Yes, I.ve had kfc's doubled own and I.ve been shunned upon by my partnerSo what better way to have a double down made of deep fried battered foie gras sandwiching smoked meat topped w cheese that melts from the heat w some sort of mustard sauce circled on the plate.  (I could eat 2.5 of these and call it the night) it.s very very dense and indulgent... It.s the feel of that crunchy fried battered meets Foie g meets mustard cheese smoked meat.... Ugh. So good... We also had the cutest little bread bowl filled w tongue and deep fried sweetbreads w a mushroom sage?! Sauce.... That was quite something... You just clean that plate w The bread bowl ...yup.... we ordered the liverwurst/Foie gras w a I believe it was sparkling wine/ gin jelly served w bread :) mmmmm... There wasn't enough bread so I just spooned the leftover liverwurst...it is very good....note...by now you feel a little full... The above is for four people and we were two...... My partner ordered horse filet mignon wrapped in bacon topped w a fried egg and a side or macaroni w shaved cheese....The meat itself was medium rare and soft...smooth...but there is a pungent flavor on the meat itself that I didn't love...maybe because it is horse?!  .... Anyway I got the BBQ ribs!!!! hEAVEN! It.s a full rack..I could only eat half by now and it came w yummy spicy mayo and extra crispy fries w melted bits of parm cheese.... I left very content...I had desert.... I know I said I was full....but I like sweets .... I had the pumpkin sundae .... It was like a pumpkin cream/ paste on top of ice cream and topped w icecream and a side of warm butterscotch to drizzle on top...I finished it
5	Great food wish I could go there every night. High prices though will make it a special occasion restaurant for me. Had the soft shell crab thought I had died and gone to heavenTotally unpretentious  friendly service.
3	First the good...the food was very well prepared, interesting and creative. Spot prawns appetizer was out of this world. Our server was friendly and they were very accommodating with reservations. The chalkboard menu is very long, small, hard to read and impossible to see from many seats in the restaurant. Our server recommended we "take a good look" before sitting as we would not be able to see the menu again. Standing over someones table in a busy restaurant and staring at a LONG menu (still rather far off and hard to read) was not exactly what I felt like doing. Probably prevents many diners from really exploring the menu's options. Intentionally making things awkward for diners is weird. The food was great if you're into that.
5	Joe Beef - Montreal. Wow. Coming with a very heavy weight - this may have been one of the best dinners of my life. Not just because it's a foodie maven hotspot. Not just because Joe Beef has won so many awards, and draw so much attention. Simply because the food offered was so far and above!  The staff gained excitement with mine, and wanted to offer me more and more.  Their suggestions were made with such enthusiasm, it was almost as if they were pre-enjoying it for me.   There was without a question a New Orleans "lagnaippe" (a little something extra) sense to the entire experience. Far exceeded any possible expectation, especially since the word is out.   How many times has someone told you about a place and pumped it up to the highest level, only to end up leaving the restaurant disappointed and scratching your head wondering what the hell they were talking about???  This simply was not the case.  Purely amazing. Pure expertise. Wild creativity.  Pure professionalism. 99.9999999556 out of 100. You have wow'd the un wow'able.
5	I lived for 14 years in Lyon, France, arguably the gastronomic capital of Western Europe, so I know fine dining. What I love about Joe Beef is its decadence and, even, irreverence. I've eaten there 3 times in the past 18 months, and each time the experience was a delight for my taste buds (if a little hard on my ears).My last visit, at the beginning of November, was as pleasurable as previously. The service is always excellent, with staff ready to explain the menu and make recommendations. You really need the explanations because the chalk board menu just doesn't do the dishes justice. The problem is that, once you've had the full description, you'll want to have everything!I went with the eel nuggets, which made me think of seaside treats or a Dickens novel. Read Michael U's review for the perfect description. Suffice to say, they were delish. However, they were perhaps not the ideal starter to follow with guinea fowl stuffed with foie gras.I've said in other reviews that I like strong-tasting meats. Guinea fowl is more than chicken and less than duck, and more succulent than turkey. I couldn't finish this divinely yummy dish (picture me saying "mmm" with every mouthful), but it was just as good, if not better, (since I wasn't full from the eel), at lunchtime the next day. Other posh-ish restos might frown at a doggy bag, but Joe Beef staff know it's all about the taste experience and offer it before you can ask.A tip to get a table without booking way in advance: pop in and ask.
4	So much has been said already, and I agree with all of the positive points.  One recurring negative is the menu on the wall.  I can see how it is somewhat annoying, especially for those sitting right under it, being constantly crowded by other customers.  The reason for the 4 star rating is directly related to the choices I made.  The double down foie gras was tasty but over the top rich with the deep frying and breading.  Then I had the bacon rib.  Delicious again, the veggies and apples went well with the dish.  The rib itself is a thick, bone-on slice of bacon slowly braised - addictively rich rich rich.  Tasted great!  Dessert, fantastic.Coming back home, however, I could feel the fat, the richness rolling in my mouth (you know what I mean right?).  Somewhat unpleasant.  The menu is full of dishes that are not as rich as what I sampled.  I will return and be more diligent in my selections not to exceed the over-richness threshold that even a few shots of grappa could not temper.  David McMillan stopped by to say hi, that was neat!
5	Fantastic place! Food was amazing! Service was fantastic! We were lucky enough to get late reservations the night we flew into Montreal. This place is a must when in Montreal!
5	Oh Yes...what can I say that has not been said already by all culinary critics and food magazines?....There is Joe Beef and then, well there is everything else!When in Montreal for a few days...first thing first...grab the phone and make a reservation at Joe Beef, they will do there outermost to accommodate you, which is not an easy task for a restaurant that is packed every day.The place is small or at least it seems so because of the ongoing traffic of foodies, but delightful and hip. If you are very very lucky, you might even get the table standing in the middle of their produce and herb garden, but if you are not, the experience is all the same in every corner of this place, meaning: eclectic food at its absolute best and amazing service filled with knowledge and care.Stop searching the internet for a menu, because you will find none. The menu is scribbled on a chalk board and varies with every season.If you have the firm intention of ordering a specific bottle of wine, let it be, the owner will choose one for you anyway.Whenever you get the bill, just throw your credit card on top of the unopened folder and forget about it, the one thing you do will remember for a very long time, is the best meal most of us will ever have. Enjoy!
5	Great dining experience!  Food was great, staff is knowledgeable, portions are generous!  Had the double-down foie-gras, deer and patate au four for dessert - each and every dish was delicious!  Will go back for sure!
5	I happened to be visiting from New York and my friend suggested we try this place.  We got lucky and they happened to have a table for four available that night.  I honestly didn't have any idea that a place called Joe Beef was actually one of the top restaurants in the city. Definitely a pleasant surprise!We had pork fish sticks to start. Pork with fish stick batter and shape. It comes with mustard and pickles. Just a fun and interesting bite to start.For mains we had steak, a soup in a pastry (don't recall the name), rabbit, and lobster spaghetti.  Every single item was absolutely phenomenal. The rabbit had the most delicate flavor and the lobster spaghetti was perfectly al dente pasta, amazing sauce, and perfectly cooked lobster.The dessert is really what blew our minds.  The server dropped off a bagel with salmon and cream cheese and just waited for our reaction.  After a few puzzled moments, we told him we hadn't ordered that.  He said, that's the dessert, break into it and try it.  The bagel was pastry, the salmon was candied fruit, the onions were apple, and the cream cheese was ice cream.  What an amazing mind-bending treat!I've been to several Michelin 1 and 2 star restaurants in NYC and San Fran and I would say the quality of food at Joe Beef easily surpasses them in a much more casual atmosphere.  If you visit Montreal, I highly recommend making reservations well in advance so you won't have to trust in luck like we did. It's absolutely worth it!
5	Not so cozy and no menu, everything written down on a chalkboard.It wasn't easy to read the menu. However, I ordered the lobster spaghetti and I was in lover with it. A friend had a horse steak and another couple got jarret d'agneau. Huge portions. Food was great along with service. The restaurant is noisy and loud. I would definitely go back!
5	I love this place! 2nd visit with 5 friends so we knew we needed to get our favorites from the last trip again, and try something new. The menu only has a few things that never go away, the double-down being one of them. Deep fried foie gras, surrounding bacon, cheddar and mayo. To die for! But please share it or it may kill you. Standard suggestion is also the joe beef steak, I think it's 18 ounces, so either share or go there starving. We shared the horse tartar, found it to be a bit spicy, but the horse steak with a sausage was perfectly yum! Flavourful, tender...oh and if you're a seafood fan, have some oysters or the joe beef ceasar that comes loaded with goodies, an oyster, jumbo shrimp and a skewer of olives, onion and cornichon.
3	Joe Beef had an off night during our last visit. Slightly more than three stars but not the five that we've experienced on previous visits. While the private import wine was lovely, everything save for the reliable spaghetti au homard was either dramatically bland or over-seasoned that night. From the horse tartare (bland) to the  hare (which was so salted that my friend could not finish it), this wasn't the typical Joe Beef experience. Nevertheless, wonderful service and a great atmosphere. I just hope this is an aberration rather than a trend.
5	Joe Beef has the buzz, and it lives up to expectations. We were greeted at the door and asked to review the chalkboard menu prior to sitting. The menu was a lot to take in all at once, but our waiter was helpful in navigating our order.We immediately struck up a conversation with the friendly Montreallers sitting at the next table. They were there for the first time after hearing so much good from their friends.My beef, no surprise at Joe Beef, was excellent with a spicy creamy sauce and the cheese on top was divine. The atmosphere is very relaxed and convivial. All together a lovely experience.
3	I'll make this brief - the food is indeed incredible (see below), but this gets 3 / 5 stars because of this restaurant's terribly inconvenient approach to presenting its menu to customers.   Let me make it clear - (a) the menu is written only in small print, 6-8 feet high, on a massive chalkboard in a dark room and (b) it is written entirely in French.   I am all for rolling with the punches in unique restaurants, and I've enjoyed many a fine meal in places with an unconventional approach.  But seriously, in a place where a generous dinner for two can exceed $300 with wine, I want - I NEED - to sit back, leisurely review a food/drink menu, and get excited about what is on order.   I'm terribly sorry, but forcing your customers to hastily try to interpret a large menu between walking in the door and sitting at your table is simply not acceptable when you are dealing in food and price points at this standard.  I don't need a fancy/branded menu engraved in leather - I need something I can sit and read without craning my neck and squinting my eyes, with at least English hints as to what the items are.   Even the best restaurants in Paris and Tokyo offer abridged English menus - Joe Beef, get over yourself.  How much/how long would it really take to whip off 20 menus on an Inkjet before the evening begins?  Don't put the onus on me to foolishly take a picture with an iphone or hope that the server is feeling generous enough to be overly helpful (which ours definitely was not).Seems like a minor thing to worry about, but the frustration I felt from this problem dominated and threatened to ruin my night.  But thankfully, the food and the food alone saved the day - it was absolutely delicious, approaching perfect, and I would return for it.   My date and I shared 12 of the most amazing oysters I've ever had, a fois gras double down, fried egg with morels, lobster spaghetti, and a cheese plate.   Who knows what other secrets the menu holds....
5	Pricey, but good. Everything on the menu was pretty unique. Definitely get the cheesy fries.
4	Awesome place! Food was excellent service was good! Def recommended if your in the area!
5	Decadent is the best way I can think of to describe the food at Joe Beef. Love the decor and chalkboard menu, and the service was great. ! I did have to save up some $$ to afford a full meal (appy, entree, dessert, and wine) but it was more than worth it..where else will you find a foie gras double down?! It's food heaven, but not for those on a diet.
3	I want to give this between 3-4 starsEveryone told me that "we had to go" - admittedly, I was very excited, I had read the cookbook and seen the wonderful pictures of the food.But to be honest, I was not blown away.  The oysters were delightful - done escargot style and we had the fried foie gras - which was silly and too rich and the cote de bouef which was fantastic but HUGE. But I guess I was expecting a more french touch - subtler, nuanced flavors.  I was v happy that I went - and nothing was wrong with the food - just not a must have.  Nothing that any decent restaurant in Brooklyn isnt doing.
2	Really, really heavy food.  I like meat and they do it well but there is no balance to their meals.  An experience, undoubtably, but this place really comes across as a gimmick and not a restaurant run by professionals.  A salad on the menu would be nice.That said, the service was spectacularly good.
5	I had heard a lot of hype about Joe Beef, so when my parents asked if I wanted to join them in trying it out, I jumped on the offer.  I am happy to report that it did not disappoint!The space is small.  Tiny.  But it has a lot of character.  We were a group of 5, so we got a cosy banquette.  Like others have pointed out, the menu is written on the chalkboard wall, and is tiny and somewhat hard to see in the low light.  I was a bit overwhelmed, everything sounded great!  The waitstaff are very helpful in describing the dishes, but make it even harder to choose because everything sounds amazing.  After the slight stress of ordering (and making sure everyone at our table tried something different), the rest of the meal was pure enjoyment.  The food.  Oh the food!  Everything was delicious.  We split a few apps amongst us, and we were especially delighted by the eel cakes.  The breading was really light, the inside a little mushy (in the best way possible) and the dipping sauces made things fun.  The winner of the mains was a toss up between the duck breast (with smoked meat and pickles), and the rabbit dish.   Yes, this was definitely a meat-tastic meal!  The rabbit was really interesting as it combined more traditional rabbit meat with what could only be described as a rabbit cabbage roll.  A cabbage roll from heaven!  The other dishes we had included the lamb, the Joe Beef steak and the scallops.  If you like greasy french fries, definitely get an order of them.  They are coated in some sort of spice/cheese mix that is addictive.By the time we were done with our mains, we just couldn't do dessert, as much as the waitress tried to tempt us.  Portions are huge.  They don't seem so daunting when they arrive, but partway through we all gave up and gave in to a takehome bag (which they package up quite nicely for you).Joe Beef doesn't go all out with their presentation nor their decor.  It's comfortable and homey and loud, so that you can sit back and relax and have an amazing meal.  This is definitely going to be my "special occasion/let's go out and celebrate/save up for an indulgence" restaurant from now on.
5	The 5 stars here is a no-brainier. We scooped up a last minute seating due to the added seats available because the terrace had opened up. I rarely get to sit and eat on terraces because I'm allergic to stings of all kinds, but it is early enough in the season that I took a chance and sat outside.The terrace offers diners a heck of a lot more space than indoor dining. Big tables, plenty of elbow room, a fresh feeling with the wonderful feeling sitting alongside the garden of herbs and lettuce.On this warm night I ordered the vichyssoise served with gravlax, crostini, and creme fraiche and white caviar. My man ordered the eel nuggets, served with 3 sauces, including our favorite; honey mustard.For our mains, we both settled on meat. He ordered the Joe Beef and I had the hangar steak. Both were prepared exactly as ordered and were impossible to finish!A great meal, awesome service and a very laid back atmosphere. Lovely
5	arrive very hungry, and ready to eat high caliber food in a casual enviroment. Menu is on a chalk board and only in french but don't be intimidated, the waiter or hostess will go over the entire menu in great detail with you. Menu changes frequently but  the double down is famous and indulgent. It's two pieces of fried foie with cheese and bacon in between. I took a stab at the filet mignon of horse....literally. It was delicious.
5	Off the hook! Amazing staff that take a huge interest in what you want and help you explore them menu and libations. The style is non apologetic indulgence and unlike APC the staff is genuinely friendly and the food even better. I had the 1/2 double down, and thank GOD it was the 1/2, so rich a 1/4 would have been better. The sous chef at the raw bar steered my to try the little limes, amazing oysters! Then I had the famed lobster spaghetti for dinner. The 2.4 mile walk back to the Sheraton was not penance enough.
5	I was really excited to try this place after reading a lot about it and seeing it featured on Anthony Bourdain's "The Layover".  It did not disappoint!  The service was good and our waitress was friendly and knowledgable.   The menu looked really good and it was hard to choose what to eat.We were a group of 3 and decided to split some appetizers to start.  We ordered the horse tartar and the foie gras double down both of which were quite good.  I especially liked the foie gras double down.  Split 3 ways it was fine for the portion size so I recommend splitting it if you intend to try it.I had the rabbit as my maiin dish which came with a side of spaetzle (German  dumpling)s.  Portion size was a bit too big and I had to leave some of it behind but the taste was excellent.  The rabbit was very moist and full of flavour.For dessert I tried the Joe Beef sundae which was okay but I don't think I'd get it again.  Honestly if I were to go back I'd probably skip dessert altogether just because  I was already so full from the rest of the meal. I really enjoyed my experience here and would jump at the chance to go back in a heartbeat.
5	We had a late seating, it's hard to get a reservation. The server was very helpful in advising us; our french is poor and the chalkboard menu is difficult. It was a true culinary adventure because we weren't quite sure what we were getting or how much we were going to pay. Two courses and two drinks for two people was $120 before tip and a  great experience.
5	My friends and I were lucky to get a reservation here while on a man trip from Boston. The place was packed and different from the normal big box restaurants typical these days. The staff was welcoming and seemed to enjoy their work. Our server was fantastic . She took time to explain the only menu written in French on a large chalk board on the wall in the middle of the dining room. We wanted the veal shoulder for the table and ordered it. We were disappointed when they told us they ran out, but got over it quickly with an appetizer of free eel balls that were delicious. I ordered again and am happy they were out of the veal. My friend and I split a dozen of fresh oysters served with a great mignonette. My friend and I enjoyed the Horse filet mignon wrapped in bacon and a large slab of blue cheese on top. This was one of the best meals I have ever had. The Horse was tender and flavorful.  I thank Joe Beefs kitchen and serving staff for a great evening and great food.
2	After listening to the hype and reading the reviews we decided to try Joe Beef on our last visit to Montreal. What a terrible disappointment. The place has charm and an ambiance that is genuine. However, there are some real deficiencies in the way the place is operated. When you walk in the door you'll be told to look at the giant chalkboard on the wall on the left hand side of the room. It is HUGE. And, written on it in very tiny letters is the menu. Entirely in French with no hints whatsoever. This is the only menu. In a packed restaurant you have no choice but to go back to the front, stand at someones table, literally, and try to quickly read the French menu. It's absurd. If you don't get lucky with an extremely patient English speaking waiter you are out of luck. The wine list is also on the board, and also French. Let's move on to the food. I don't know how to re-define the word "heavy" when it comes to food. Let's just say Joe Beef does a good of trying to do just that. The food was OK, but certainly not a top restaurant. It's a tourist attraction, and you should be prepared for exactly that rather than a dining experience. The "Double Down", their famous fried foie gras appetizer, was awful. It was so heavy it tainted the remainder of our meal. The buratta was good but far too involved with added elements and completely unnecessary ingredients. The beef was good, but it was not "shout from the mountaintops" good. It was a decent piece of meat, that's all. Desert was great; chocolate something or other.  Our fellow diners were a combination of rookie foodies and tourists; an unsophisticated crowd to say the least. It's the type of place you take an out of town guest so they can go home with a story. It's not the place for a fine dining experience. Though we had good service and a great bottle of wine, the $362 tab for the two of us felt like a total and complete scam. From my perspective, Anthony Bourdain damaged his reputation with his over the top recommendation of this place.
4	VERY GOOD. There's a lot of hype around Joe Beef, so the expectations were high and it it delivered spot on, validating its rank as one of he best places to eat in Montreal (or Canada really). The food was REALLY, REALLY good. They set a casual/comfortable atmosphere and the shuffle of songs included classic rock and post-punk. The staff is friendly, knowledgable, passionate and helpful ... no pretension here. It is, what I have come to refer to as a "Chalkboard Bistro"; an excellent, creative restaurant that provides their menu via a large chalkboard on the wall in the center of the restaurant. I find this a little annoying especially for the wine selection process ... maybe they know you'll be back and want you to be able to review the menu for the rest of your meal. TIP; try to avoid seating times like 6:30 / 9:00pm. This practice often leads to several tables being seated at the same time and the servers getting slammed.
5	I had high expectations for Joe Beef going in and they were definitely met! Reservations are hard to get last minute unless you get lucky and someone cancels. I was organized and used open table far in advanced knowing that we were going to be in Montreal this week.First of all, the restaurant is tiny and the tables are pretty packed in so be prepared for some close neighbors. Chalkboard menu is only in French and only in one location. The wife and I translated most of the menu for our friends, and our waitress, who was originally from France, covered any loose ends in French and English.For appetizers, we ordered some oysters, snow crab and sea urchins from the raw menu. All the seafood was super fresh and went down very well. I just wanted more sea urchin, but we did also share the smoked sausage and eel nuggets for the table. Eel nuggets were awesome and tasted very smokey while the sausage was just alright.The highlights on the evening for the drinks were the Vijay Singh, which is a gin drink, and the bourbon cider, which is a mix of apple cider and bourbon. The glass of wine with my main meal was a Pinot noir and Grenache blend that our waitress recommended. The service from start to finish was attentive, friendly and knowledgeable. For main meals, the wife choose the scallops while others went with halibut and slow cooked pork shoulder. I choose the bacon wrapped filet of horse. I really enjoyed my main meal with its slight gaminess and the accompanying sauce went very well together. Oddly enough, having tasted the other mains, I would say that the pork shoulder was my overall favorite.It's a very eclectic place with some very interesting music from Neil Young to Red Hot Chilli Peppers playing along with some old classic rock. All in all, Joe Beef was a great experience, and next time, if the weather is right, I would love to sit on the back patio. To be continued......
5	(*NOTE - From July 2012*) For the event of my convocation last month, I was provided with the choice of any restaurant in Montreal to celebrate. I didn't need to give it much thought - Joe Beef was the only choice for me.For the uninitiated, Joe Beef is currently considered probably the center of the Montreal food scene and has been receiving universal praise from many famous chefs worldwide. The geniuses behind this restaurant are Frederic Morin and David McMillan - two well known chefs here in the city. They opened this gem in the Little Burgundy neighborhood of the city which is now an up and coming area but wasn't at the time they first opened up. The restaurant has an amazingly cool but unpretentious vibe. We got lucky and had a reservation in the backyard surrounded by the garden where they grow their own vegetables and herbs. Nothing quite like seeing the cooks come pick items fresh to use in their dishes.Now for the meal... Decadent doesn't begin to describe it. Do not come here except a light meal. Everything is big, rich and meaty. The entree course provided us with fresh oysters from New Brunswick which were to die for. Nothing fancy but just perfect.The other element of the entree course was truly the star of the show. KFC has the double down sandwich so Joe Beef decided to crank it up a couple of notches and provides us with the Foie Gras Double Down. It is exactly what it sounds like and simply the greatest thing I have never eaten... 2 pieces of fried Foie Gras with house smoked bacon and aged cheddar in between. I cannot possibly convey the experience other than to say you MUST try this.. Just don't tell your doctor afterwards.The next course brought me Lobster sausage in a clam bake. Very good but after the previous course, it just didn't wow as much as I had hoped. Then again, I'm not sure how anything could really followed that double down. The one thing I forget to photograph was the side that came with this course - house fries tossed in garlic butter and Parmesan. That's right.... Garlic butter. They were as amazing as you think they would be.The dessert course was their version of a baked potato - made of chocolate covered hard meringue, ice cream, mint and candied fruits. Very creative and quite good as well.All in all, this was an amazing culinary experience that I will never forget. It is a pricy meal but worth every penny. If anyone asks me what is THE experience to try when in Montreal, Joe Beef is it. Cheers!
5	JOE BEEF.....Joe Beef is one of my favorite restaurants in N America, not just Montreal.  I could write about the food, which is great, but I would like to write about the staff....they create a vibe which I really love.  I live in NY and I always keep thinking how many times a month would I be at JB if it was here.  But, I don;t think it would be the same.  Joe Beef captures so many of the great things about Montreal. The laid back, really easy vibe, great food and NOT a scene.  That I think is the best part.  Everyone there (staff included) seems to really want to be there.  Not "thinks" they should be there. I think all of that comes from the top.  If you get the Joe Beef cookbook you can feel the energy in the book.
4	We decided to dine at joe beef on a recommendation from a friend of a friend.  Open table was showing the restaurant was completely full so we decided to call, when we called they offered us a 9:30pm so we took it (later we found out this restaurant books months in advance).  We arrived to a line out the door (that must be a good sign).  So after waiting for about 15 minutes to be greeted....finally someone approached us and took us to our table.  They sat us outside which was nice, I immediately thought it might be cold but we noticed large heaters so my fears were calmed.  There is an adorable garden, that the restaurant uses for there fresh produce.  Being that it was almost 10 pm we were anxious to start drinking and eating.  Several wait staff moved from table to table around us but no one actually approached our table.  After 15 minutes I decided to take it upon myself and approach the bartender.  When I mentioned to the bartender that I liked full bodied California red wines, he sort of snickered and said that they do not serve full bodied wines because they over power the ingredients:/......hmmmm.  I would not have had to approach the bartender if they had a printed list at the table.  The wine list is on the wall in the main dining room (in French) which is strange because we were sitting across the restaurant.  So to make a wine selection you have to hover over the tables in the main dining room.)  Finally a very friendly waitress arrived!  She helped with a wine selection and read the menu in English to us.....yes the entire menu.  We quickly regained faith that the evening was going to be fun.  For our appetizer we order the pickle and bread plate, the bruschetta with ham, and the tomatoes and mozzarella.  The pickles were to die for, the rest was just ok.  We decide to get the VERY large steak and share it, it was a gorg presentation.  We also ordered roasted cauliflower, French fries, and creamed spinach.  Although the steak had an amazing presentation it was "just a steak".So although the Florida girls I was with were a little freaked out by the menu(which included horse meat).  It was a fun and memorable night!!!
1	If I could give no stars, I would.I need to preface this review by stating that I have been going to Joe Beef for the last half decade. I loved this restaurant. LOVED IT. My husband and I make a yearly trip from NYC to Montreal, and make it a point to go to Joe Beef. And every time we've gone, we've dropped a serious amount of cash on it--we actually save up to do so, because we love it that much.We went this year, having missed going last year because it was closed so the owners could open their new restaurant, and believe me when I say we lamented the loss all year long. This year we took my husband's parents for the first time, and were very excited to have them experience it.When I say this was the worst restaurant experience of my life, understand that it pains me to do so. And when I say that not only was the initial experience bad, but the follow up and subsequent experience trying to contact Joe Beef for an explanation was worse, please understand what an incredible disappointment that was. When you're a loyal customer who has actually sent friends and family over the border to spend money at a restaurant, has purchased your cookbooks to give to people, and is in general one of the people who has helped you, with dollars and loyalty, get where you are, and you're completely disregarded, there is nothing more shameful or sad. And I say this now, again: you should be ashamed, owners of Joe Beef. And for all those who have had good experiences there, please understand, the second you have a TERRIBLE experience, you'll find yourself on the same side of the fence I'm currently on, and realize that these restauranteurs care about nothing more than your dollars.The experience, to sum it up as quickly as possible: the oysters were wonderful, but they're always wonderful. I found it odd that they've abandoned serving the oyster sauces in metal cups, instead opting for those strange disposable paper cups you get medicine in at the hospital, but whatever. My fault for ignoring warning signs of lower quality. After the oysters, it was all terrible.We waited over an hour for our appetizers. My husband got some kind of spam-like thing with macaroni in it that was oversalted and made me ill to even try, and both my FIL and MIL got a cold soup. Both of their soups came out luke warm. It being a 90+ degree day, and the fact that the AC was barely working in the restaurant, my MIL sent it back and told the waiter it was fine, she would go straight to her main course. We had already waited over an hour for apps, so we didnt want to risk pushing the mains out further by waiting for another soup, and besides, she said it was way too salty for her to eat. The waiter came straight back with the soup, and to cool it down, what had he done? He put ICE CUBES in it. We immediately sent it back.We waited another hour plus for our main course. At this point, we should have left. My favorite dish, the lobster pasta, was missing every ingredient but the lobster, cream, and pasta; my husband's steak was overcooked; my MILs duck was chewy and the sides that came with it, too salty to eat. We barely ate our meal. The bill came (approx $400) and there was an extra alcoholic beverage thrown on there, I guess to push some salt in the wound. Nothing was comped, no apologies, just thanks for your money.THE WORST PART: Husband and I left completely defeated and dejected. It felt like someone had died; it felt like a loss. Our favorite restaurant in Montreal was gone. I went on the Joe Beef facebook page to leave a comment, which was neither nasty nor cruel, and within 10 minutes, the comment was gone: no response, no nothing. Just deleted. I took screenshots of course, and posted something again, screenshots of the original comment included. Again, deleted. No comment. The least they could do was respond to me--even a "We're so sorry for your experience" blah blah blah would have been honorable and nice, but no. Nothing. So I posted a screenshot of the last deleted comment, and commented again. I don't think I need to tell you how quickly it was deleted. And that I'm now blocked.To me this speaks to restauranteurs who don't care for their customers, don't stand by their food, and don't respect the people who pay their bills. I've never had an experience where a business has just deleted bad reviews and ignored their customers in such a way. I'm shocked and saddened by the immaturity and senselessness of it. If I were eating at McDonald's, whatever. But to drop almost half a grand on a meal and be completely ignored and disregarded? That isn't right; they should be ashamed. For all those with good experiences, I hope they continue, because I know what a good Joe Beef experience is like, and it is wonderful. But I hope for your sake that you don't ever have to go through what we went through, because Joe Beef has proven he won't care.
5	Anniversary Year number 3 was celebrated at Joe Beef. Oh how we have now set the bar high! For starters: Make reservations well in advance. Luckily I knew this going in, since the hubs does business in Montreal often. The service was great, the menu, all in French and written on a chalkboard...that part was...difficult. It didn't matter. The waitress asks us, "Do you trust me?" and my first instinct was to say "No..." but knowing the reputation of the place, I figured there wasn't too far we could stray before having something pretty mind blowing...so we agreed and so opened Pandora's Box of gluttony...For Starters: Oysters & Clams. All were absolutely delicious and I don't think I could pick a favorite, (or remember the names) if i tried. Shortly after came the onslaught of gluttony...next dish was Beef & Veal tongue with truffle shavings a parsley pesto and topped with watercress. I am not a fan of gamey tasting things and I fear that this dish definitely falls into that category. It was well masked by the parsley and the fresh watercress flavors, but overall, I just don't think tongue is my thing. Then, the waitress brought a truly punishing concoction: the double down fois gras. The Joe Beef chefs are being cheeky with this one. Do you remember KFC's "sandwich" where the "bread" was two pieces of fried chicken? yeah, well that's this dish...two pieces of fried fois gras sandwiched in the middle was aged cheddar and smoked bacon. It was PURE heaven / heart attack on a plate. For our main entrees, the waitress brought the Lobster Spaghetti & the New York Strip with sliced tomato and fresh horseradish. The Lobster Spaghetti landed in front of my face and I swear I could hear a choir of angels singing "AHHHHH" and that light came streaming from the heavens...goodness gracious...that plate was something to behold!!! The lobster meat was ever so generously mixed in the heavy creamy pasta. The flavors of the pasta were mild. Not in the sense that it was under-flavored...no quite the opposite...more in a sense that the person creating this dish understood the benefit of restraint. The flavors were luscious...velvetty...ever so rich but somehow not too heavy.  The lobster was so sweet & fresh and buttery. Thank you Frenchies for not being shy with your butter. My tastebuds will never be the same after this dish. It was a life changing dish. Every star of those 5 is well earned solely for this dish and this dish alone. I cannot think of a better way to spend 49 dollars or whatever the price was. It is WELL worth every penny and THEN SOME. The steak was plenty good, nicely cooked, all old school with it's tomato and horseradish. Ron Swanson would approve. But it's just a steak. If you need any further convincing on which to chose, GET THE LOBSTER SPAGHETTI. Just do it. I expect thank you gifts & songs of praise. ;-)No room for dessert. No way Jose. No need. I am drooling thinking of you, Lobster Spaghetti. You will go down in my list of most memorable culinary experiences to date!
5	We almost bailed on this place because of the NY reviewers below but realized they had posted on like every possible reviewing site, and were soooo "angry" that we decided they had some personal vendetta towards the restaurant to go through the process of posting the same complaint to sooo many sites.   Thinking of how many people eat there every evening and theirs being the worst review led us to roll the dice.  We had heard about this from the Andrew Zimmern Montreal episode but when I tried making reservations over a month out it kept giving me an option beyond our travel dates.  A few days before we left, I tried calling and to my surprise they offered us a late evening reservation.   We were excited.  On the day of, we actually ended up arriving almost 45 minutes early (figured we would walk around if they wouldn't take us but they quickly led us to our table.   The restaurant was busy but not as "tight" fitting as some of these reviews had led me to believe.   We were greeted by an informative waitress who quickly switched to english to deal with us.   Sadly for her, it seemed every table that came in after us in her section was American so I felt bad for her as most tables struggled to read the chalkboard menu and needed extensive help.   We were crazy enough to bring our teen daughters along but she was sweet and patient with us as we had her make recommendations.   We decided to have the girls try sea whelk which they were hesitant about but ended up loving.    Then based on a recommendation went with the rib steak (for 2) to split among the four of us as our main entree.   We are SOOOO lucky we only got that because the rib steak was so big that even with all 4 of us having some, we actually ended up leaving two slices of the meat that we couldn't finish.   The meat was very flavorful and each of us loved it.   It came with a smoked sausage that was wonderful.   The only complaint was the main dish came with a side that was a baked celery root and it was sooooo salty we could not eat it.   Overall, a great experience!
3	We've done a foodie tour of Montreal this week for our 20th anniversary. Brasserie T!, Au Pied de Cochon, Joe Beef and Le Bremner.  Joe Beef was fine, but not great. And it certainly didn't live up to the price food or service-wise. It seems to be riding on the hype a bit. The food was good, but we didn't swoon over any dish. The service was good when we had their attention, but forgetful and missing details in between those times. Le Bremner has been the huge stand out with regard to creativity and delight with food. Boris Bistro has also been a great lunch find (we've returned several times for their Charcuterie Maison).
5	such a great spot. if you love fresh, high quality food, menu on a chalkboard, taste buds will fly here.bloody caesar was deliciousburata saladtomato saladjoe special steak with spinach, tomoto with horseradishAll AMAZING
5	This is a food lovers paradise in a great pat of town. I sat at the bar because I was alone and didn't have res. I usually prefer the bar because it's like sitting in the cock pit of a jet. This is where all the action is. At Joe Beef the bar is also where the oysters get shucked. Max was on duty and made my dining experience extraordinary. My first drink of the evening was an old fashioned. I figured i'd take the bar tender out for a spin just to get a sense of the place. Max then suggested local oysters and I was grateful for the suggestion. My next course was a corn chowder with curds and broiled mushrooms on top. This is one of their signature dishes and I recommend it highly. On my second trip back to JB (I had to go back because I was drawn by the food gods) I ordered the chowder again and the presentation was completely different but equally as good.On my first visit I ordered the broiled halibut which was served over a vegetables medley. Excellent. My drink was finished at this point and when Max asked what I was drinking next my slight hesitation was a signal for him to suggest a glass of wine which he chose for me and was perfectly paired with my fish.On my second visit I ordered the tournedos de Cheval which in French translates to horse. We don't eat horse in the US but my niece who was dining with me reminded me of my commitment to food. So away we went. Our server suggested cook temp "as you would beef". I would highly recommend this dish as it was extraordinary. Tender, delicious and less fattening than beef. On my first visit I was offered profiteroles for dessert. Theses are light little pastry puffs made with home made corn ice cream. WOW! Joe Beef is the true definition of what a restaurant dining experience should be. Great atmosphere, extraordinary, inventive cuisine and a staff committed to delivering the entire package in an impeccable manner.
5	It's worth the wait. It's worth the cost. It's worth the crowds. It's worth losing your eyesight due to the crap lighting and microscopic chalkboard writing they call a "menu." The food at Joe Beef is nothing short of edible sex. Great sex. Hot, steamy, mind-blowing sex with your ex.  The ex you hate as a person, but could fuck every day for the rest of your life.  That sex.  I had the horse steak and almost ejaculated at the table (it was wrapped in bacon).
4	We'd heard a lot of buzz about Joe Beef so we knew that when we got to Montreal we'd have to check it out. On the whole, it was a great experience.*Service - excellent. Even though our servers were BUSY it didn't keep them from being on point about order taking/food delivery/drink refills etc. Our waiter even went through the entire menu with us (as it was only in French). They were also really affable and friendly which is always a plus.*Food - Foie Gras Double Down. This is a MUST. This may be the most flavorful thing I've ever eaten. I don't know if I could stomach a whole portion because it's sinfully rich, but the few bites I had were heavenly. Lobster Spaghetti. this looked like it might contain at least 3 whole lobsters, was cooked perfectly al dente, and had a rich creamy lobster sauce that somehow succeeded in not being overwhelming. Very nice, perfectly executed dish.Steak Joe Beef. So deliciously soft the way steak should be. It had a nice strong peppery flavor (which I actually tend not to like). One note: it is a very fatty cut (NY Strip I believe?). Not usually my thing, but this wasn't my entree so I wasn't too concerned.*Decor/Ambience - The place looks like a log cabin inside, which I actually really dig. The music was a mash up of things (think Tupac & The Smiths) which was very cool. Props to them for not censoring the music - this isn't a place for children.Why not 5 stars? A few reasons:- It's unbearably hot. Unfortunately, I had dressed for the 65 degrees it was outside, and couldn't remove enough layers to be comfortable in the stiflingly hot place. At $30-$50/plate, this always packed restaurant can afford another AC. - No printed menus. I get that it's part of the charm, blah blah, but many of the seats are not in a place where you can comfortably see it. I, for example, would have been interested in the wine list, but it was on a chalkboard far away in a high traffic area and it just wasn't worth the trouble (or added heat/claustrophobia).- About the prices. Totally fair considering what you're getting, but it'd be great if they did half portions on the entrees. They're all MASSIVE. Bonus: Try their house brew. It's really tasty - but be aware that a bottle will set you back $10.
3	Got to the restaurant 10 minutes after our 9:30 reservation due to the rain. We were drenched when we arrived. The guy (not completely sure if he was the host) told us our table was not quite ready yet. No big deal. Waited outside. About 15 minutes later he came out and told us we can wait by the bar. The bar isn't much of a bar, we barely had any room to move around. We had two large bombers of their IPA to share (good stuff BTW) and still our table was not ready. It wasn't until about 10:30 that my buddy complained on the wait till they told us that they dropped off the check and they should be paying any time now. That's a full hour from our initial reservation. The host was nice enough to offer us a free plate of eel nuggets on the house along with taking a shot of whiskey with the each of us.We finally got seated in their covered outside patio area and started looking at the chalkboard menu. It was all in french and the waiter was not very helpful in helping us identify the dishes and choosing what to order. We had the steak for two, two foie gras double downs, lamb shoulder, sweetbreads, tomato salad (banging tomatoes right from their garden). Overall, I would say it was a letdown. Nothing really stood out to me and I sensed the chef just got tired or something. They had this amazing piece of bone in steak and decided to drench it in some red wine reduction sauce...WHY! We also had to wait almost 40 minutes from our double down appetizer to our entrees. They also charge for bread here. I was about done with the meal till they ordered desset. I never want to order dessert. But they brought out two for us on the house because of the wait and all. One was the fresh watermelon/melon/blueberries all cut up into tiny round balls and the other was a chef's ice cream. Didn't really stand out to me. It's also a fairly expensive place to eat. Expect to spend $100 pp with 1-2 glasses of wine.The total experience was a let down. I've heard and read rave reviews of this place and they just didn't deliver. Their hospitality was their saving grace. Taken straight out of Danny Meyer's book, "Service is delivering on your promise. Hospitality is making people feel good while you're delivering on that promise." Well... their service sucked but their hospitality was delivered. Danny should buy them out.
2	I always think of Joe Beef as being one of the top restaurants in Montreal. However, on my latest visit they did not live up to their reputation. The food was good but far from outstanding and the service was also good but not at the highest level. The prices however, remain high.I eat at Joe Beef ever now and then and always greatly anticipate my visits. I expect to love the food but have been disappointed on my last visit. At our last meal at Joe Beef I found the food not to be up to its usual level. There were three items that disappointed us. In the buffalo mozzarella entree the fine flavour of the smoked cheese was completely overpowered by the overly strong sour flavour of the pickled vegetables. The cheese should be the star of this dish but you could not even taste it. We then had the lobster pasta which use to be served with a delicate bisque that was so wonderful I would have loved the dish even if there had not been an entire lobster sitting on the plate! This week the sauce was think and heavy and not nearly as enjoyable. We also had the halibut, which I expected to be light and melt in your mouth perfection. Unfortunately the fish was heavy and very chewy. One other disappointment was the server who took our desert order (not the same person who took the rest of our order). When describing the ice cream she failed to mention that there were nuts in this dish. Luckily my wife, who is allergic to pistachios and cashews, noticed the topping before digging in and possibly sending herself into anaphylactic shock. This same topping of nuts was also on the Hazel Nut cake and again our server failed to mention it. I was shocked that at a restaurant of this quality a server would fail to mention such an important detail.
4	A place to try if you want something different!!! Loving it! Enjoy
4	Good but not great. They definitely have an inventive menu that is the main appeal to me. Corn Flake Eel Croquettes??!! Tried it and it was different but good!  Staff was very nice but service was spotty. I had the lobster Spaghetti which was very good but served lukewarm. Also, the boys ordered the ribeye for two which they couldn't finish, but liked it. Overall a really noisy spot best enjoyed with friends where you need to shout to be heard which I thought distracted from the overall experience. I won't be a regular, but would go back if asked.
1	We went there just because Tony  Bourdain went there and he loved it.  Well Tony you did us dirt!  This place is for people who like to think they are cool and like to be seen being what they think is cool.  We started with a tomato soup that was flat in flavor and tasteless with raw crunchy slices of tomatoes placed in it.  But that was not the worsted of it.  It was served luke warm  with a chunk of brie,, oh but there is more, the rind  was still on eeeuuuu, omg it was gross!  We ordered the big New York steak ... Dont bother talk about false advertising this is more like a  top round of the lowest quality.  It was not edible, you just chew and chew and chew.  If you enjoy beef gum this is the steak for you, but lay in some dental floss cause boy you will need it.  Service was something out of a fast food restaurant hurried and careless.  For us this by far has won the #1 bad meal of the last 5 years.  Up side they sat us in the garden area which was cool temp wise and very pleasant if I had known the best food in the house was in those pots growing besides me not only would I have saved a bucked to cash, but had a better meal.
4	Thanks to Anthony Bourdains show "The Layover.  We found out about this place when we visited montreal.  We hopped on the subway in downtown montreal and got off just blocks from the restaurant.  We made reservations for 9:30 and showed up at 8:30 and we were immediately seated.  The only thing I did not like about this place was the only written menu is written on the wall in chalk and we were at a table where we had to get up and look and then I took a picture with my phone.  The waiter was great and was able to help us translate the menu since my girlfriend and myself know zero French.  Also give us great recommendations. The food itself was delicious.  Oysters were sweet.  Foie grasDouble down was perfection in my mouth.  For entrees my girlfriend had a horse filet mignon wrapped in thick bacon which was cooked perfectly.  I myself had the duck which was the best duck I have ever had.  Great meal!  Will def be back next time I'm in town
5	You would be insane not to eat here. It's a perfect experience from all angles.
5	Review #500!!Joe Beef was the best restaurant I went to in Montreal, and that's saying quite a bit. I was able to walk-in on one of the more popular restaurants in the city (called for reservations and weren't taking any for a week!). Joe Beef is a small place split off into two different dining areas, with one being the main and the other being a lounge of sorts with the bar. The menu is a chalkboard that hangs high against the wall and consists entirely of French. Within the walls of this tiny little establishment, lay a place that had the intimate feel you look for when you're with your significant other, with food that would put you into a coma. We started the night with eel nuggets....yeah...eel nuggets. There were a lot of starters that looked very good including the foie gras double down, but eel nuggets had to be ordered because I had no idea what that would even taste like. As soon as she saw it on the menu, the gf knew she was getting the Lobster Spaghetti. Likewise, as soon as I saw Duck on the menu, I was getting that.The Eel nuggets are exactly what they sound like. The nuggets were real crunchy as I think they were breaded with cornflakes. The eel filling itself was a mix of eel and potato, so it had a pasty kind of texture. The eel and potato mixture was overly salty while the breading added no real flavor. There was a good hint of smokiness to go along with the app, but I didn't really enjoy it. In fact, it just tasted odd in a bad sort of way. Luckily, the entrees were tremendous. My entree was the Duck with Montreal Smoked Meat. The name itself was enough to ensure that I ordered it. The Duck breast was parted into thick cuts of meat that made it so satisfying and savory. The dish came garnished with small bits of smoked meat and oddly enough, pickles. Surprisingly, the pickles with the duck worked for me. The sauce was savory as well, and the smoked meat did not serve to overpower the duck but add to the dish as a whole. Lobster Spaghetti is simply that. Giant chunks of lobster (shell-on) were tossed with spaghetti in a buttery cream sauce. The lobster meat was very tender and the spaghetti soaked in all that lobster-y brininess. The butter and cream sauce lends itself to being quite heavy, but the gf claims it was one of her favorite dishes ever.If the food wasn't good enough, the service was excellent. Our server Andrew was always around and making sure we were well taken care of despite how busy the place was slowly getting. He was friendly, funny, and seemed like one of the guys who just happened to bring you food. The place, despite it's fame and reputation, doesn't exude a feeling of pretention at all. I fully enjoyed the entire experience and thus truly earned my 5 star rating. Best restaurant in Montreal. Period.
5	Came here with a friend's dad a couple years ago. Just Wow.
4	Joe Beef came up on all our searches while we were planning our Montreal trip so it was in our must-try list. We didn't have a reservation but walked in around 6 pm and got a seat by the bar. It was tight but we managed.There was no printed menu, which was slightly annoying to be honest. I get the whole bohemian approach thing but with my questionable eye sight, it was hard to read what was on the chalk board. After a lot of  questions directed at our waiter, we finally got our order in.First to come was the foie gras double down.  We got the half size to keep things relatively sane. This is one of their staples. It's basically bacon & cheese, topped with chicken skin mayonnaise, sandwiched between deep fried foie gras and drizzled with maple syrup. Maybe "basically" was the wrong choice of word. It was as decadent as it sounds but while it was good, it wasn't something I'd order again. In all that richness, I didn't find any umami that resonated in me.Next up, veal tongue with artichoke and red wine reduction sauce. If you like tongue as I do, this is a good dish to try. A lot places tend to overcook tongue coz... well it's tongue, but not here. The red wine reduction sauce was as good as any I've tried and the artichoke balanced the dish out nicely.  One of the dishes I had to try was the lobster spaghetti after I heard my friend gush about it during his visit here a few weeks before mine. The creamy, buttery sauce was cooked with the head of the lobster and tarragon. It seemed to hug the perfectly al dente spaghetti and the soft pieces of lobster. We had to use all our will power not to get bread to mop up the remaining sauce once we were done with the spaghetti. There was no shortage of umami in this dish.Somehow we also ended up with tomato salad. How did that happen? I should thank my wife for insisting we get some veggies. The salad consisted of red and green tomatoes with shaved old goat cheese. It was a welcome change in the program.While we sat at the bar, I was trying to decide on a shot of whiskey to whet the appetite. I saw a bottle of Wiser and told our waiter that I'd never had it. Canadian whiskey is not something many restaurants in NY carry. Even though I just wanted one shot, he poured 3 - one for himself and insisted that my wife have one too. He did charge us just for 1, so I appreciated his hospitality. I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone visiting Montreal but wasn't easy on the wallet and the meal was very heavy - though the heaviness was a recurring theme throughout our trip. But hey, a little extra cholesterol never hurt anyone**Not a medically proven statement.
5	It seems like some people save special reviews for their 100, 200 and so on.  Well, I guess that I felt like joining the club, and I felt that it was appropriate to review my best meal of 2013 for my 100th. You may be thinking to yourself, but "2013 is not over, how do you know that it was your best meal of the year?".  Trust me, I know. While this was our second visit to Joe Beef on our recent trip to Montreal, to me it really was the whole culmination of our week long stay there.  The atmosphere was perfect, it was the wife's birthday and we were there with great friends.  The only drawback was that the outside patio area was not available on this warm May day in Montreal.  For all we know, it could have been too hot out there for dinner anyway and we may have lucked out.  Next time the patio will be ours. We did, at least have our same fabulous waitress, Morgane.The menu had changed somewhat since 2 days prior and there were some good additions that were calling my name.  The oeuf en gelee were an immediate choice for my appetizer and the sweetbreads were a slam dunk for my entree.  It's like they knew what I wanted to eat and they made it happen. I can't really vouch for their psychic abilities at Joe Beef, but they nailed this meal for me.  Also, from now on I am getting the bloody mary as my drink since it comes with its own appetizer of raw oyster and crab leg or some other shellfish.We also ordered the conch fritters for the table, which were a nice surprise. I think that the only other time I had conch was in Key West a long time ago. The others ordered halibut, fois gras double down and another whole fish dish that the name escapes me now. After polishing all that food, dessert seemed again from psychic intervention to be appropriate for the group, Charlotte aux fraise.  Morgane recommended that we order 2 for the table.  We should have probably listened to her.  We also opted for the trio of mini eclairs.  The Charlotte came out with sparklers for the wife's birthday.  Once the sparklers were out, it did not last long.  The eclairs were also tasty.  Morgane was nice enough share some calvados, as a digestif with us, before we left to finish off the meal of the year.Next time the patio in the back will be ours!
5	This is one of those places that needs an extra star to do it justice.I came here with my girlfriend for her birthday. Both here and next door (Liverpool House) are in a special category - no matter how high your expectations, you can still be impressed with what you get. In our case, we had been planning to go to Joe Beef for two years, and finally go around to it just weeks before leaving town for good.We started with some drinks: I had a (good) negroni, and my girlfriend had the house Caesar. She said she wasn't blown away by her drink (even though it came with a shrimp and an oyster!), but I mine was quite good (and I'm a total negroni connoisseur aka. snob). If the only negative thing you can say about a drink is "it didn't blow me away", then it's no that bad of a drink...My starter was a no-brainer: foie gras double-down. I had heard of it, but needed to eat it for myself. It's over-the-top, decadent, in-your-face ridiculous, and utterly fantastic. I probably can only do one every few years, but will be back for another them moment my coronary tract has cleared.For our mains, the birthday girl had the cheval (horse) steak, and I had the rabbit. My rabbit was very good, but the winner was definitely the horse. It was cooked perfectly - as good as any steak I've had - and was a really generous portion. There was more than enough for my girlfriend (for her main) and for me to have a big slice too - something that almost never happens when the quality is as good as it was.I don't recall what we had for dessert - I think the double-down was crossing the blood-brain barrier by this point, but there was really nothing to fault about our experience at Joe Beef, even though it was probably the highest expectations I've had for any meal in my life.
3	My favorite part about the meal was the Bloody Mary. Delicious drink and was served with an oyster and shrimp. Delicious! Tried the double down.  It was good.  I recommends Getting the small version.  The flavors are there, very rich, but not craveable.Lobster spaghetti, no thank you.  Cost a fortune and the lobster is chewy and tastes like its just tossed with some cream.  Lemon helped.Veal tongue was pretty bleh. Chewy boring dish,  kinda mad about that one! The atmosphere was fun and unique, but as for "pushing the envelope" I was pretty bored.
2	Are you kidding me with the salt?  Ordered the steak main course with side of fries.  Could not believe how salty it was....Enjoyed the oysters the most.  But even with this, found bits of shell in my last oyster. Too much hype.  Was an early fan but, for what you pay for, not going back..
5	Hooray for decadence!Highlight of the evening: Horse tenderloin + the most amazing mashed potatoes ever in the history of mashed potatoes.Their Bloody Caesar comes with a shrimp and an oyster...Holy awesome Batman!I'm a fan.*stamp of approval*
5	What an experience.  Once I got over reading the menu off a chalk board in French.  Thank god for 3 weeks of culinary French in college.  I settled in to what was one of my most memorable meals to date.  I tried Cheval for the first time- Amazing!  I had a yummy St. Joseph Rouge!  Amazing!  The service staff were young, hip, and very well educated.  Also the music was 90's hip hop- Amazing!
5	God damn Joe Beef, errybody wants a piece of you! Make sure to book a reservation before coming - this places get packed!I love the dimlit intimate setting, yet it's crowded and noisy just like any bar. And the wait staff? Whoaaa, can you say great service?! They're so hip and enthusiastic - makes you want to order everything! Haha.The food? ORDER EVERYTHING. It has one of the most unique menus I've seen. Do order the foie gras double down and horse steak. The foie gras double down blew me out of my mind. Yummy smooth foie gras on the inside and then covered with fried foie gras on the outside? HELLOOOOO WORLD! And the horse steak? Damn, I was contemplating on whether or not to eat it but I'm glad that I tried it. It was juicy and flavorful, yet so lean. It was like BAM BAM flavor explosion in my mouth!I had been waiting to come to Joe Beef for about a year and I'm so glad I finally got to experience it this past November. Joe Beef, you didn't let me down. Thank you for your amazingness!
5	Where to start?  Sat at the bar since I didn't think of JB until a week away...first seating at the bar, we literally walked in as the staff broke from their nightly menu meeting.  As other reviews have noted, everything is on the board in chalk and in French.  Therefore, you must engage with your friendly and knowledgeable server (remember the menu meeting?).Since we had our annual ration of foie gras at Au Pied, we went for the fresh and large oysters with freshly grated horseradish - excellent!  Made a mental note to have more for dessert.Tartlet with quail was our appetizer and it was phenomenal!  Enough to share.Fish with clams was outstanding and cooked perfectly....the 'skin' is not really the fish skin but rather a thin bread crust that is cooked with the fish to give it the even heating and then the flavoring of the breaded skin is crispy and buttery, which went perfectly with the delicate fish.HOWEVER!  The spaghetti lobster stole the evening for us!  Rich noodles in a creamy tomato sauce tossed with a WHOLE Lobster, yes the whole dang lobster.  I am a member of the 'clean plate club' but this dish did not get completely clean (except for the lobster meat).
5	I got fooled into trying horse here!Joe Beef had been on my list of places to eat while I was in Montreal. I've heard, read, and seen great things about this place. Got a ton of food while I ate here, but unfortunately since the menu is on the chalkboard AND in French, my friend and I had to ask for help and a translation. One of the items our waitress mentioned was a "bacon wrapped steak", not sure if she ever included the word "horse" in there, but I definitely didn't hear it. She also didn't ask my how I wanted my steak cooked, which I thought was a bit odd, but I didn't really think twice about it. It sounded good, so my friend and I decided to order that as well as the lobster spaghetti.The steak comes with a sausage and my friend goes, "I think that sausage is filled with horse meat..." so after eating about half of it, we both decide to focus on the steak. The steak was soft, tender, and really delicious. I remember thinking how good and tender the steak was, and how it wasn't as rough as most steak.When the waitress came by afterward, we asked if the sausage was filled with horsemeat. She said, "sometimes it's beef, sometimes it's horse, sometime's it's half and half, but tonight it's all beef." My friend and I both sighed with relief... BUT she followed up that sentence with "...but the steak was horse! How did you guys like it?!" To be honest, I was completely horrified at first. Not necessarily an angry or upset horrified, more stunned. It took a few minutes to register I just ate My Little Pony, but I came to terms with it.Everything that night was delicious and our waitress even gave us a bit of a dessert we were contemplating getting while choosing between two and picking the other option.All in all, a great experience and an awesome place. I would definitely come back again and I actually would probably eat a horse again. Thanks Joe Beef.
5	It's normal to travel 370 miles specifically for a restaurant, right? As soon as my boyfriend and I booked our flights to Montreal I reserved Friday dinner here. Three weeks away, and all I could get were two seats at the bar! This wound up being better in the end. Joe Beef's menu is ever-changing, written on a chalkboard on the wall (in French). The friendly bartender read us the entire menu, sharing recommendations as he went.  We ordered:The freshest oysters I have ever tastedTwo appetizers - the famous foie gras double down (half order), a menu staple consisting of two fried pieces of foie gras with bacon and maple syrup sandwiched between; and a shredded turkey leg concoction that was reshaped around a bone to look like a drumstick.I could have stopped here and been satisfied. The foie gras was out of this world. Life changing. I am so lucky that I do not live in Montreal, I would turn into a foie gras double downFor entrees, I had veal scaloppini and Jamie had the half hen. Both came with generous sides of rice, mashed potatoes and seasonal veggies. The veal was a bit salty, but everything else was perfect.The courses were well-paced, and the bartender informed us that the restaurant allots at least three hours for each reservation. A refreshing and leisurely experience for us New Yorkers! Three hours later, the friendly barkeep gave us some maple sorbet to finish, and we were on our way, full and happy.
4	Thank you Gilbert for getting us this last minute reservation!  Another fellow reviewer summed this place up perfectly...F'ing ridiculous!  First, the wrong thing to do is to order two (yes two) double downs to start the meal...ugh!  They were good, but it ruined me for the rest of the meal.  The eel nuggets were ok, but not bad.  The duck eggs were just sunny side fried with a hash brown side and truffle on top.  Yes, the chalkboard menu was hard to read, but the atmosphere was interesting, our waiter was personable, our very close table mates, who we chatted with throughout the meal with Allison and Greg trying to figure out what the menu said.  And the bacon wrapped cheval...well, let's just say mommy will not be telling the kids about that dish...
5	No words will do justice to the food here.I've been meaning to come to Joe Beef for a while now, I mean I'm a native Montrealer and just never got the chance while droves of tourists, Anthony Bourdain followers and every chef on earth has been coming here for years.So with last minutes changes, somehow  I finally came last week for a 6pm seating.My dinner companion friend and I were not disappointed. I've seen the photos, I know the call, I knew even before I sat down what I was going to have. For lovers of seafood, the East Coast oysters here are a "must". Briny, juicy and plump and shelled right upon ordering, a quirt of lemon juice is all you need to happily slurp these beauties down.Which then brings me to the Bloody Ceasar. Served in a Mason jar, a stalk of celery, a pickle and an olive dunked within along with a giant shrimp and a single oyster in the half-shell sitting across the mouth of the jar, with spiced chilli salt rimmed around the glass, *THIS* should be the new normal of how all Bloody Caesars should be served the world over, in my humble opinion.I knew I wanted dessert so I knew I couldn't go overboard on everything so to pace myself, I deliberately got a light starter, in this case the watercress soup. If you like things which taste green-ey then you'll love this soup. If on the other hand, green smoothies are not your thing, don't get this. The garlic bread slices which it came with were perfect. I got the spaghetti lobster, a whole flippin lobster, claws, tails and legs, cooked, cracked open, sauteed in some God-knows-what-rich-fatty buttery with parsley concoction along with spaghetti. I was brought up to clean my plate off  and while I was inching closer and closer to the explosion mark, I figured to be good, at least I could polish off the lobster meat, which I did. It turns out I should not have felt so bad. They do doggie bags here, so that rich spaghetti I left on my plate, I was able to take home with me to nosh on the next day.My friend had I think a Cornish game hen, deep breaded with panko, sitting in another ungodly rich sauce. He finished of his bird and had to take the sauce home. I tried a bite and it was also delicious. We also spied over at the table next to us. The couple had ordered probably the most amazing cuts of steak I've seen in a long while, large enough to probably feed a village in Bangladesh . They too were relieved to learn they could take it home as well.For dessert I had the infamous Gateau Marjolaine. Good thing it was a thin slice because this was one of the richest cakes I've had in a while. Because it was my birthday, I got a sparkly candle too! Service was outstanding. Our waitress explained all the dishes to  us and the wine lists as well. After every course, our tables were wiped down, and I even saw Fred and Dave lurking in the back .This is a bucket list restaurant. If you live in Montreal, you have to come here at some point. No excuses.
4	This place has pretty amazing service.  I ventured in one day and it normally takes a long time to get reservations but they seated me after I pleaded my ignorant tourist case.  I got the chevre and double-down foie gras as well as the oysters.  Excellent food.
2	We tried this place in January. Make sure you take a reservation and you may have to plan weeks ahead. The Double Down Foie Gras is a must but beware of heart attackss! The Petite Truite du Quebec had an interesting presentation, how it was wrapped with its skin, taste was ok. The Lobster Spaghetti was a huge disapointment and way overpriced. Though it was not lobster season so that may excuse the poor meat texture but the pasta did not seem home made at all. We were charged for the bread. In summary I would say overpriced due to the hype and you can find much better restaurants at this budget.
5	Joe Beef is a special experience that everyone should enjoy at least once in their life or in my case every chance I get.I have never had anything but the greatest experience every time I step foot in Joe Beef, such a great atmosphere, great service and food that will just blow your mind and taste buds. Unfortunately now that I live out of town I don't get to enjoy it nearly as much as I'd like but that doesn't mean I don't dream about Joe Beef regularly.Last time we were there we sat at the bar and left our whole order up to him, everything is always so good so why not leave it to somebody that is always surrounded by all this awesome and he really didn't let us down.We started with a fantastic fresh salad with fresh house made buffalo mozzarella with grapes, basil, cherry tomoatoes, with a perfect vinaigrette. We then shared our mains. The first being an amazing piece of roast pork that had been slow roasted right out back in their yard and it was mind blowing and our second plate was a pan fried sweetbreads. both meals were flawless and I wish I could have them weekly. We then finished the night off my sharing their "baked potato" dessert which was a perfect end to a perfect night.Joe Beef does it all so well and makes the experience of dining out so enjoyable. Love this place.
5	We went to Montreal for the weekend and when I called here there were no available reservations. However in our wanderings, we managed to stumble upon it and got a table! We started with a seafood platter which was so fresh and delicious, we also shares a fois gras double-down. I loved the high brow/low brow combination. It also had a honey sauce on it which was very, very good. I ordered the steak there, my boyfriend ordered the horse. I Ioved my steak - I can't speak much for the horse. But in short, if you're looking for great food that is innovative and creative, definitely check it out if you get the chance.
4	Been there last time and had a foie gras double down! It was amazing but had to wait an entire day before i could eat again! Greasy but sooo worth it! The ribs are okay but nothing to go crazy for!Staff is really friendly! Overall i loved it!
5	We usually go to @LiverpoolHouse and for some reason, I had stuck in my mind that I preferred it over @JoeBeef. I was wrong,As usual, we scooped up a last minute seat at 6PM, because we are not plan-y plan people, spontaneous, that's how we roll.We arrived about 6 minutes early and the staff was having a meeting so we popped on over to Liverpool House to shoot the breeze and grab a glass of wine. Thank goodness they are open earlier than Joe Beef, because it was C-c-c-c-old outside!A few minute late we were seated in the front window and our waiter, Patrick, came by to get our drink orders and see if we had any questions about the menu.Checking out the menu was quite easy as we were seated pretty much directly in front of the chalkboard. We ended up ordering a selection of oysters and scallops to start, the full sized double-down to share, I ordered the veal cheeks stroganoff and my BF ordered the steak Diane. While I continued with some red wine and the BF ordered the Le Castor IPA.The oysters and scallops came out first, expertly shucked. Fresh and succulent, I devoured mine with no accoutrements even though they were served with fresh grated horseradish and other garnishes.Next came dinner, to which we pointed out that we had not yet received our double-down. Ordered right away, we would get our appetizer mid-meal.My veal cheek stroganoff was superb! I loved the depth of flavour and the sauce was divine. The stroganoff is served with sweetbreads and there is not a lot of pasta with this meal, and for me, that was wonderful. A little bread to soak up the sauce at the end was just enough to prevent me from licking my plate.The steak Diane order by my BF was good too, but for me, the star was really the veal cheeks stroganoff. I was so excited by it I researched online to find out where to get some for my own attempt at the dish!Our double down came about half-way thru our meal and it turns out, that was a perfect time for the grease, melt-in-your mouth goodness that appetizer is! We've and it before, and though I wouldn't necessarily order it for myself, I would never say no to a bite or two!Our waiter, Patrick, was excellent and very friendly. He realized his error with the double down and comped it off our bill, which was sweet and not necessary, but totally appreciated. So, do I prefer Joe Beef or Liverpool House? Yes.
5	This is my perfect restaurant, food is decadent and unbelievably delicious. We had dinner last May and I still remember what we had and how phenomenal it was. I also liked that the decor is casual, so you can just release the fat kid in you and go to town. An absolute must, unless you hate life.
3	It's just so so. Not worth the money. Seafood platter was fresh. Everything else was either too bland or too salty. Had cod as main dish, no flavour at all. So bland.
5	Folks - this is the best MTL or any town has to offer in terms of original quality food done with style! Check out the back for the resto's very own herb and vegetable garden. I also fell in love in this place so it will always remain special. I plan to return once back in Montreal.
5	It's rare when a restaurant lives up to its hype in Montreal, but Joe Beef is the real deal. When the guy who is elbow length of you is nagging you to try the lobster pasta, don't refuse the suggestion. Too be honest, there were so many things that sounded delicious that choosing one dish just insulted the other. As the waiter recited the long list of everything on the blackboard (because there are no menus), all I can hear from everyone was "get the lobster pasta". Now I'm proud to join the Joe Beef elite in suggesting the lobster pasta on my next trip to the famed restaurant, because my eyes always has room for seconds.
5	I came for my bday after hearing many great reviews and all I have to say is WOW!!!  From the oysters, horse tartar, the ribeye, etc. Joe Beef definitely is the best restaurant in Canada.
5	Service was fantastic.Although I don't like fois gras, I ordered a 1/2 order of the "double down". Big mistake, I should have ordered the full portion. It was the best thing I've ever eaten! It's had the perfect balance of light crunch and melt-in-your-mouth sweet goodness. Every bite was better than the last. By the time I finished it, I had a food high I rarely get, and I couldn't stop bragging to my wife that I made the best ordering decision for appetizers. For our main, we ordered a special for two, neck of lamb. When it arrived at our table, I imagined how I would feel after dinner, it was a lot of meat! It was also probably the best Lamb ever. No meat hangover either!If I had to point out any weakness, I might say it's that the menu is located solely on a wall chalkboard, which although the staff was happy to take the time to explain preparations, I felt a little awkward standing in the middle of the small dining room trying to decide what to order - although others were doing the same.I also imagined we'd be packed in like sardines. Definitely not the case, nice space between tables.If at first you don't succeed in getting a reservation, try try again. We got lucky the day of, you might too.
5	Joe Beef exceeded our very high expectations. The Double Down was heavenly, the pork shoulder was a religious experience. Most of all, the staff went out of their way to make our day. Everyone from the hostess to the bar tender, and especially Taraleigh (Tara Lee?), our server! They were super knowledgeable, friendly, and accommodating. We could not have asked for a better dining experience. We will be back for sure!
5	I was told by friends and friends of friends to try Joe Beef. I made a reservation online using their website. For a Wednesday night for 2 I found a 7:30 and a 9:30, we opted for the 9:30 so we could fit in two dinners. Food was great, service was great, small, intimate restaurant.
4	The food at Joe Beef is good. In fact, it is very good. The service on the other is not so good. Our server in particular was very pushy, in an almost used car salesman fashion.My girlfriend and I split a starter of a full order of Foie Gras double down, and we were completely floored by how amazing it was. Solid 5 stars. Next we ordered the Cote De Boeuf, which was absolutely delicious! It came with 3 sides, and we couldn't finish anything that was put in front of us. The food here really is phenomenal, but the service really needs a huge overhaul. I would rate their service at 2/5, but since the food is so out of the world, I'm going to rate this restaurant a 4/5.
4	During a short visit to Montreal and after discovering how long you have to wait to get a dinner booking at Joe Beef, I enlisted the service of a concierge company that was able to secure a reservation for 7:30 pm the next day ( however, I was called three times on the day to ensure I will be going or else Joe Beef will punish them and refuse any new bookings from their company!!) I had a feeling that the booking was for a bar seating (which I usually dislike in restaurants when food is involved) and checked with concierge to be told it is a table Walking inside the tiny restaurant I was ushered with my gang to the stools However, it was abolishing in disguise Setting on the bar gave me a) the space to move freely ( and not feeling cramped between adjacent tables that I can not go to the toilet or even move my handbag from attaching to my body)  and b) I had lovely chat with bartenders which made the night way more enjoyable The main aspect of any restaurant is the food And in terms of portions - it is so filling However my steak was overlooked My partner streak was undercook And my friend's main of fish was served cold ! In a nutshell we did not enjoy the food
5	My buddy and I ate at Joe Beef's last night and the whole experience was awesome! We ate at the bar and the bartender had a super-friendly attitude and gave us good recommendations. We started off sharing a dozen oysters that were totally fresh and tasty. We each then had a house salad that did not disappoint. For my entree I had the Lobster Spaghetti - super delicious.  My friend had lobster sausages that he loved. People around us at the bar were all upbeat.  It was all fun!  One more thing... I inadvertently left my mobile phone at the bar and the bartender had the wherewithal to find my friend's cell number on my phone and call to alert us about my mistake.  Over the years we've tried out a lot of restaurants in Montreal. Joe Beef's is now right up there at the top.
5	Joe Beef is awesome. Prior to coming to Montreal for a weekend I had done some research and all signs pointed to JB. What sealed the deal was David Chang saying he thought it was the best restaurant in the world. We got 930 reservations at the bar and it ended up being a fantastic experience because the bar tender (also our waiter) was brilliant. He was excited about the food, funny, let us try as many wines as we wanted and overall made the experience. My wife and I don't speak French but he escorted us to the chalkboard menu and in the midst of bustling waiters and moving patrons he read the entire menu for us with out any rush or impatience - just amazing service. I had a couple of glasses of wine that might and my wife tried one of the speciality Father's Day cocktails which was gin based, crushed ice, lime, seltzer and some other light ingredients - great drink. We ordered the lettuce salad (which was fresh and crisp using vegetables plucked right out of the backyard garden). We had homemade frank and asparagus salad which was also excellent - the franks snapping and full of flavor. Then - yes - we got the half double down. I've read the David McMillan actually created it as a joke and that he thinks it's disgusting. However lovely bacon and cheddar sandwiched between two pieces of deep fried fois gras in just the right amount of maple syrup is wonderful and NOT disgusting. I suppose the idea of it is gluttonous - but whatever - te amo. For our main we ordered the glorious lobster spaghetti - which is so rich and flavorful and the lobster so perfectly cooked that we devoured every last bite. Good that we shared. For desert we took our fantastic waiters recommendation of the Yule Log which was layered with soft strawberry short cake, pistachio an then had little strawberries cut topped like trees and merengue mushrooms. Sooooo good. The music of the evening was reggae and hip-hop and it was never too loud to overtake  conversation but you could still hear enough to rap to Juicy by Biggie (well at least I could). Great, evening at a great restaurant.
5	Delicious food and very friendly staff. The menu was a bit hard to read on the wall, so we opted to have the chef pick out a menu for us. I highly recommend doing this! He chose 3 appetizers and a main which was plenty of food, but not too much. The waiter also chose our wine for us (after we'd had our amazing Caesars first) which went perfectly with the whole meal. We'll be back in Montreal in August and will definitely be going again.
4	We were visiting from the States and heard about Joe Beef from the concierge as well as trip advisor. The ambience in the garden was nice and weather absolutely beautiful.  The food was also out of this world but too much food for the both of us. In hindsight we would have shared one steak. The waitress was well informed about the menu and everyone accommodated our non-French speaking. One draw back is the price. It is extremely expensive so be prepared!  If you are visiting from the states, be prepared for 2 taxes and our bill with tip for 2 was nearly $300.  As I said before, excellent food but very pricey.
5	Once we knew we'd be visiting Montreal for our 25th wedding anniversary, our next step was to research restaurants.  Joe Beefs kept coming up again and again. My husband wanted to try the horse (Cheval) and was not disappointed.  He said it was excellent.  He had it before in Toranto and enjoyed it. He was thrilled to see tonight's meal was served without a heavy blueberry sauce as before  - the meat spoke for itself. Not being a red meat eater, I chose a seafood dish and was also very pleased. The veggies are fresh from their garden and presented simply - which highlights their freshness. The menu changes daily, so we handed  our palettes over to the servers recommendations.  Everything was on target...a most memorable meal. Would go again if a trip to Montreal is planned:)
5	Come on dude, do I really have to?  This place is balls out good. Like if your mom pulled them out and started twiddling them in front of strangers and not giving a fuck good.Last minute in, thanks to Le Vin Papillion, and sat at the bar. Dude behind the bar was like the nicest waiter(next to Le Vin Papillion) and was super helpful.We had: Les Parfait de Foie Gras for the apps, I had a few Frenet and coke cocktails and the Lobster Spaghetti with a side of garden greens with anchiove paste...Let's just say I passed the fuck out from all that food I ate it was so damn good.
5	My dinner at Joe Beef was one of the best I've had. It is not a traditional fine dining experience, but it is as good as casual dining gets.The staff was super friendly and helpful. I found myself eating at the bar chatting with the bartender, waitstaff and even busboys about Montreal, the menu and life in general. They were never obtrusive, never overstayed their welcome in chatting and were always focused on their work.The food was outstanding. The dish I remember the most was the foie gras double down, their riff on the KFC disaster. It was delicious and fun. Everything about my experience at Joe Beef showed that it is owned, operated and staffed by people who love food and want to share that love with the people who eat there.
4	Decadent indulgence....our app choices of foie gras and caviar did not disappoint. Our group of four comfortably shared the apps and three mains. The beef, halibut and lamb pasta mains were expertly prepared and thoroughly enjoyed. The staff, music and bathroom bison all contributed to the ambience, making for a great Friday night out on the town.
3	We came from Toronto, both having worked at reputable restaurants there. We were excited to try Joe Beef as we saw it featured on David Chang's Mind of a Chef and Bourdain's Parts Unknown. We made a reso three months in advance. At first we enjoyed the casual fine dining experience - servers dressed laid-back but were also attentive to details like wiping crumbs off the table after each course. The server directed us to the lobster spaghetti and the Joe Beef steak. Our server was very into up-selling ie. we asked for a $100 bottle of wine and he insisted on a $150 bottle of wine. The food came quickly for this price point - there was no pre-dinner linger to chat and enjoy drinks. We understand some people don't like this but we do. The food wasn't overwhelmingly rich rather subtle flavours and delicious. The disappointment was when we ordered the lobster spaghetti - a portion of the lobster was black which our server immediately took the the kitchen. They apologized, we began sharing the steak as they prepared what we assumed would be a new pasta. They actually used the meat from the original pasta (unshelled) and just re-tossed it all - not what we would have expected when ordering a $50 pasta. By the time it arrived we had finished the steak and were pretty full already - breaking up the flow of this 5 star dinner. We finished with coffees and dessert. The bill was $350 and they didn't so much as comp us for two coffees. Any restaurant should compensate a mistake even with something as small as free coffee and a dessert and this is speaking from our own experience in the industry. From a distance we could see the 5 star experience but the unwillingness to be accountable left us feeling underwhelmed with the whole experience. Enough so that we won't be returning again which is a shame as we visit the city a couple times a year. We're sure people go there and have a great experience, unfortunately we wouldn't go back as Joe Beef doesn't seem to be the kind of restaurant that guarantees that experience.
5	Everyone keeps talking and reviewing about the lobster spaghetti.  Well... GET IT!   I eat a lot and I've eaten in a lot of places and their lobster spaghetti will always be one of the things that will be on my mind like a first (good) love. The pasta is fresh (not from a box) and has the perfect bite, the lobster bisque sauce isn't too over-powering or salty, and there is so much lobster meat. The entire dish is just amazingly delicious. I split this dish and the bacon wrapped trout with a friend and we were stuffed. The trout was cooked perfectly and deboned from the inside. Our appetizer was a half order of their foie gras double down with maple syrup (who would've thought maple syrup would pair well) and their ham cold cut (I completely forgot the name of it and probably not doing it justice by calling it a cold cut - sorry).  Both were delicious. I believe the double down and the lobster spaghetti are menu staples.The service is phenomenal. The menu changes and there's only one menu and it's written on a chalk board. The servers go one-by-one, unrushed, through each menu item in great detail. They are also super friendly and down to earth.I really want to go back. Just for the lobster spaghetti. And to try a few more things. I cannot comment about the wine because I do not drink, but the servers are extremely helpful in helping you find something to pair with your dinner.The place is not too big, so reservations may be hard to come by. We walked in at 5:45 (door was open and one server was able to accommodate a reservation for 2 at 6pm), and waited at the coffee shop next door.
3	Though the food was good, it was not at the level I had expected. The double down foie gras was excellent, but the canard aux cherises was, I felt, cooked unevenly. Some pieces were great and others gave my jaw a good workout. The service was nothing special...but it was adequate. The The ambiance was nothing special except the buffalo head. My preference is for The Tuck Shop down the street.I would go back, but only for the foie gras.
5	i love this place! I've been here 5 times and every time its a wonderful experience. The people who work there are extremely nice and polite and the atmosphere and decor is one of a kind. Every time I've been we always get the same mains to share, the lobster spaghetti and the joe beef steak, its more than enough food for 2 and both taste amazing! The joe beef cesar is the best one I've ever tasted, its garnished with a raw oyster and a delicious cold lobster claw. I have nothing negative to really say except the tables are very close together so you can really hear all the conversations around you and also its a bit expensive. But, you got to pay the cost to eat like a boss! Oh and i bought the Joe beef cookbook, interesting history on the restaurant and yummy recipes! it was a nice read.
5	Seriously! On my top 10 restaurants in the world. I still dream about the lobster pasta! I would drive four hours into Montreal brave the border patrol just to eat at this restaurant again then go home.
5	When I got to the restaurant I asked for a menu and  the waiter just pointed out the menu on board which was pretty hard to read. And the waiter didn't really help much. So we just ordered what my friend have recommended. We got steak and lobster spaghetti which was very good. It is pricey but it's worth it.
5	Joe Beef, a man after my own heart.  Figuratively AND literally.  Seriously I think my heart had a few pauses during dinner.  If I owned a food joint,  I would serve the same kind of food that chefs McMillan and Morin are doing.  Food that makes you die to live. Double down foie gras.  The ultimate breakfast sandwich.   Ok its breaded with chips and deep fried.  Wait for it...also Bacon and cheese inside? why of course?  Lets top it off with some maple syrup since we're north of the border and its gonna get cold in a few months.  These are a few... of my fav...o...rite things.  I don't care if its fat overload and I have no idea what's going on in my mouth and stomach right now.  DO you think I'm that high class? Just stuff it!   Like I said, these guys are brothers from another mother.  Tuna with tomatoes.  They ran out of tuna so they replaced it with soft shell crab.  I ain't complaining.  But honestly, who told them I love soft shell crab?  Sorrry gurlfriend! (she doesn't  touch it ) More for me tehe.Lobster spaghetti. Al dente on point.  Need I say more.My lady got the trout.  Fishing awesome!  Of course at Joe Beef, nothing healthy goes untouched.  Its an obligation to slab some butter and thick cut bacon on top.  Cooked perfectly.  Skin was nice and crisp while the rest was delectably soft and melt in your mouth texture...oh and on top of cream of corn awesome sauce.  Probably one of the best cooked trouts that I've had.  Patrick, our server, was most Excellent.  He knew his wines and was awesome at helping us pair our entrees.Cheers to Joe Beef!
2	Food - 3.5 starsService - 1 starsAmbiance - 3 starsTo me, this looks like a restaurant that used to be great but they're now being complacent and relying on their reputation a little too much.While I have no complaints about the food, I am expecting service to be a little better from a restaurant of this stature. The waiters were somewhat slow to come take our orders and never really checked on us during the dinner. They also forgot one of our appetizers. On top of that, we ordered the lobster spaghetti with bacon and it came without. Too many mistakes for a restaurant of this quality. Food-wise, I shared the joe beef steak and the lobster spaghetti and I thought both were very tasty. If I'd have to pick between the 2, I think Id go with their lobster spaghetti. The Bloody Caesar are very good but they are a bit on the pricey side (16$).I also liked the vibe of this restaurant. We sat outside on the patio overlooking the impressively large vegetable garden.
5	We got off to a slow start, but wow what a meal. I came here on a recommendation of friend who heard from Anthony Bourdain about this place. Its hard to get a ressie, but the JoeBeef gods aligned themselves and we got a table. The menu is all written on a chalkboard. That's it. Don't forget your glasses at home. But if you do, the waiters are all so knowledgeable. But the portions are HUGE. no really, they are HUGE. Two of us, ordered a half portion of the lobster spaghetti as an app since we wanted to do the lamb for two. Just to let you know, the half portion comes with 1.5lbs of lobster. After just splitting the half portion, hubby and I were so full. But we thought okay, just some protein is coming. How big could it be, since we're thinking of NYC or LA portions. UMMMM The lamb for tow is really for like 4-6 ppl or two men, who've smoke a big ol fat doobie and want to EAT! The lamb comes with couscous, potatoes, and a harissa/yogurt sauce. We barely made a dent in it and felt so sad because we coudln't take it home as we were visiting. Suffice to say, two homeless folks had a great meal that night. The sister restaurtants, which are literally next door to each other are all quaint and offer the infamous lobster spaghetti as well. Everything was fabulous, but that Lobster Spaghetti is worth the hype. Like, I can't wait to go back to Montreal just for the spaghetti. (and Boustan)
5	My daughter and I visited on Saturday, September 20, 2014.  Frankly, we went expecting great food.  What we did not expect was to receive service that matched!  We had the best service of any restaurant we have been to from Rome to Paris to Dublin to New York to San Francisco to Sydney!   Waiters who asked your likes and dislikes, who caught your eye and came by and who were really happy to be at work serving great food to people who enjoyed it.  It did not matter that we were from the US and this was most likely our only visit.  They wanted,us to,get the most out of it.  The food was supreme ...  we shared the tuna/lardo bruschetta,  rabbit terrine and for,our main,  the lobster spaghetti.  We thought we were too full for dessert but really enjoyed the "donuts."   Their wine list is spot on and their cocktails well priced at $12.  (That certainly beets the $28 for a Kir Royale at Maison Boulud.) Anyone who visits Montreal and appreciates choice ingredients well prepared and served by folks who want you to enjoy your meal ... You need to come for dinner.  And, to you fortunate locals, go, eat, enjoy!
5	One of my favorite restaurants I have ever been too. I will say my experience was incredible. I had a great seat at the bar and got to have some raw bar items and the house beer. I also had great conversations with other patrons and the the bartender. I ordered the horse filet with sausage, I might be rating this 5 stars just because the fact this was my first time trying horse, or because its one of the few places I could find that actually prepare it in a restaurant. But this might be one of the best "different" types of meats I have tried and everything on the plate was outta this world. This also had a great crowd, atmosphere, and the price was reasonable. I highly recommend trying this place to locals and anyone passing through, its worth it.
5	After building an entire trip to Montreal around Joe Beef, the hype was high. There was no way it was living up to expectations. I was preparing myself for a letdown. But in the end, I've never had a better overall dining experience. From food, to ambiance, to service, I've never felt more satisfied satisfied leaving a restaurant. If you can only eat at one restaurant in Montreal, try to make it Joe Beef. I could eat there every weekend, and I don't think the experience would ever grow old.We were seated in a corner table by the window and next to the bar, protected from some of the restaurant noise and bustle. I think it must be the best seat in the house, and if you're eating in a party of two or three, I'd do your best to reserve it.Our waitress, Alex, started off perfectly, offering to guide us through the entire meal. We put down our menus, and Alex surprised us with everything (we selected the category of drink we would be having, and told her we needed the lobster spaghetti). I'd recommend this style as well - if you're at Joe Beef, sit back, accept that you are going to spend a bunch of money, and enjoy the ride. Alex was the best server I've ever had. She made great selections, picked on us, made recommendations for other restaurants, and gave us her email for any returns to the city.Three hours later (I should quickly mention that you don't go to Joe Beef for a quick meal - food service was slow, but our servers were always attentive), we were full on a perfect meal and drunk off fantastic cocktails. For appetizers we had montreal smoked meat croquettes (a must) and a clam salad (decent - more of a palate cleanser). For entrees, the horse steak (perfectly prepared, fantastic sauce, definitely worth ordering if you've never had horse), the lobster spaghetti (read other reviews, this lives up to the hype), and pork schnitzel (I was betrayed by my first bite, which thought it was a run of a mill schnitzel. The flavors are complex, and this is also definitely worth ordering).For dessert, a classic French cake (forgetting the name) that I loved but my dining companions found mediocre. My review is the correct one - I don't love cake but loved this cake, and that's saying a lot.Throughout the meal, we enjoyed a wine selected by Alex, and some of the best cocktails I've ever had. We also were given two rounds of free drinks - one a celebratory shot shared with the kitchen staff, another a "just because" drink. Come here, enjoy one of the best restaurant experiences you'll ever have. But do so fully prepared to let go, to spend money (we dropped $175 pp, but also drank quite a bit), and to eat a lot.
3	I know you'd probably expect a better star rating but I'd have to say I  also expected more than I got. First of all, the food is good. It's really quite good. But not always excellent. The portions are copious but the presentation is non existant. It feels like you're on a farm almost. I can see how that's fun but in that case, it might be a little pricy for the farm experience. Second, service is good but it left me with the impression that the emphasis was on the upsell and not on the dining experience. If you go, I recommend the  second service, that way, you'll stay longer and enjoy the evening. Wine selection is good but not all the waiters are apt at suggesting the right bottle. All in all, it's definitely worth the visit and it probably it would have earned at least another star if not for the price or the impersonal experience.
5	Definitely a food highlight of our Montreal trip! We got the lobster spaghetti and horse steak. Ahh, lobster spaghetti was soooo good. Spaghetti was cooked perfectly al dente and tossed in a light creamy sauce. It came with 1.5 lb of lobster which of course is delicious. I had my doubts about the horse steak but it was soooo good! It was wrapped in bacon...oh so tender and melted like butter in your mouth. It was served with a sunny side egg on top,  a side of sausage, and fries. A small place which got packed quickly but they do take reservations. The service is great here.
4	We arrived on a Friday night for a late dinner. We were a little early so they had us wait at the bar. We decided to order a few cocktails. They were very quick and before we got our cocktails our table was ready.Food & drinks: There was no printed menu for either drinks or food as far as we know! Menu & drinks are displayed on a black board in French. -Raw Bar we ordered oysters, scallops, and sea urchin. All the oyster were yumtastic and well cleaned. No grits here sir. Our favorite was from PEI called Colville. So good in fact we ordered more. Sea urchin was just OK. We like our sea urchin naked. Also east coast sea urchin has a very mild flavor so when they added apples and vinegar, you can barely taste the sea urchin. It's also very tiny it's not like west coast size. Scallops were fresh. The flavor was mild in comparison to larger raw scallops we've had. -Quail & End of Summer SaladI combined two appetizer to make a main dish. I would not recommend the quail. the sauce is like eating meat and vinegar. I love pickled things but this was not my cup of tea.The salad consisted of different leafy greens, shavings of squash and Parmesan. It served it's purpose for me which was to add some green to out meat fest. Other than that no particular recommendations about it. -Horse Steak (medium rare)What love ordered was delicious, very well prepared meat. The steak came wrapped in bacon with an egg on top. On the side was sausage and garlic fries. All delicious. I'm glad he kept on feeding me his meal. -DrinksPeople were having cocktails and a lot were having Manhattans and Moscow Mules. We jumped on the band wagon. Overall ok not a bad choice. Next we ordered bourbon cinnamon sour and a Robert Roy. I preferred the bourbon. Love had a Beaujolais that went very well with his meal. I had a Burgundy Aligote Chardonnay. Service:Man the service was slow at first we sat down around 9:45pm. I think we next saw our waitress at 10:30pm. We were all good with waiting because we're new yorkers we realize we're on a new york minute and try to be polite when we're traveling. We TRY! We couldn't wait any more because the waitress left us dry. Alcohol makes any wait easier so if it's going to be slow service at least give us that to do! It got much better when the waitress observed us to be annoyed and thirsty. She definitely made up for lost time which we appreciated. She also was very graceful about our mild tantrum which was also appreciated. Thanks Joe Beef we left well fed and a bit tipsy I must say. Mission accomplished!
2	I don't believe the hype.The interior decor and atmosphere were nice. I found it casual and relaxing, and I really prefer that to a more formal setting with white tablecloths.Following decor I expect service, yet I was let down repeatedly. I would have liked to have had more than one beer, and I even asked for a second beer (!) although I should have never had to do so! Apparently that was not something that the staff could handle, and so I had water with my meal - except that I ran out of water and could not get a refill! That would have not been a problem except...My entree (appetizer) was quite nice, but I felt that the sauce with my lobster spaghetti was bizarrely over salted. I left with my mouth puckered and feeling covered in salt. That is something that should never happen. And in the end, for me, Joe Beef is something that will never happen again.
5	During your brief time on earth, there will be a handful of meals that burn into your memory as key points in your photo album of life experience.This is Joe Beef.I can't even oversell this place.  It is simply jaw dropping.  No pretense.  Epic, huge, rich, inspired food.Our server, Alexandra, was perfection.  Helpful, knowledgeable, excited about the food.  And charming.  Cocktail recommendations: fantastic. Wine recommendations: affordable and perfectly appropriate.  Boom.The food.  Oh my lord in heaven above, the food.Just do it.  Order the cheval - yes, it's horse tenderloin. Get over yourself. Eat this.  It was:Listen closely.It was the single best cut of meat I have ever tasted.  Ever.
5	Excellent food, great service, lovely wine and a comfortable room.  This place hits all the ideal restaurant characteristics for me.  We had this plate of gorgeous ham with a mustard sauce and a piece of seared foie, snow crab covered in decadent herby butter, a first for me - horse which was done tartare with brioche and wow they were all just great.  Also the famous lobster spaghetti just keeps getting better as you eat it.  They really pre crack all their shells well.  Wine list is on the pricier side but some really beauties at the 55 level!  Oh and they actually said - finish your wine and then we'll talk about dessert!!!   So many times I've had to make that point to our waiter I don't think they've ever done it for me - I was in heaven.
5	We drove to Montreal last Friday after work just to go to Joe Beef and damn was it worth it.Our life changing meal started with ham slices with foie gra and horse tartar. Followed by lobster pasta and duck breast with duck sausage topped with a duck egg slices of foie gra in a sauce of duck heart bolognese. It ended with a beautiful slice of marjolaine. It was fantastic.The service is was excellent. We had Alexandria as our waitress. She essentially ordered everything for us as the menu was entirely in French. Alexandria was so knowledgable that it was hard not to trust her -- I'm so glad we did. She did an excellent job. The restaurant itself was simple and beautifully lit.  I am usually dubbed as a pretty cheap person but when our check came in I was shocked. I almost wanted to give them more money for the meal. And I'm not saying that it was cheap either. It was worth every penny. I would definitely drive back to Montreal just to dine at Joe beef again!
4	Small place in a up and coming area of Montreal.  Food was spectacular, I had the lobster spaghetti, but I sampled from everyone's plate.  Perks to being a fast eater.   Best drink, The Bloody Caesar, it's meal of its own, and yes I said meal.A few negative things that prevent a five star rating is the service and wine selection.   It took the waiter 15 mins to come to our table.  Once there, he was very helpful in explaining the menu which is written on a chalkboard and is in French.  Overall, I'm definitely coming back here.
5	Had a great experience. The evening started out with a bit of a wait because of other guests lingering. Wasn't a big deal but the host did bring us each a glass of a wonderful white wine to tide us over. That gesture pretty much set the tone for the rest of the night. Service was wonderful and the food was delicious. We had the eel and croquettes de smoked meat for appetizers and the lobster sausage for two as our main.  All highly recommended. Looking forward to our next visit. A shout out to the staff for a memorable dinner.
4	Nothing gets more decadent in Montreal than Joe Beef.  The daily menu is on the black board from raw bar, wild game, lobster and of course big slabs of beef. All fresh ingredients from Quebec or Canada. Their raw bar selection is quite impressive covering both Canadian coasts.  Everything on the menu is cooked to perfection, but it's very RICH.  The staff is extremely friendly and helpful in ordering both food and drinks.  The biggest downside is that you must book your table many weeks in advance, unless you can get a lucky table from a cancellation on that day.  Expect to spend at least 2.5 hours drinking and eating your meal, despite you might have a table at 9:30PM.
5	Joe beef was wonderful, the first meal as soon as we reach Montreal! Although it was too dark to see anything, especially menu in French, we went with the server's recommendations. We had the foie gras with ham as appetizer, follow with two mains which we settled on 1.5 lbs lobster spaghetti and the steak. It was wonderful, especially the lobster spaghetti, the flavor of the sauce was full of the freshness from lobster yet creamy which compliment well with both the lobster and spaghetti. Next was the steak, it was again very very good, especially the fatty part of the steak, it literally melts in your mouth! For a group of four girls, we could only fit one appetizer and two mains as the dishes in Joe Beef is very rich in flavors and super filling! It was memorable and I hope to try again next time I go to Montreal, perhaps a different dish, but I probably have to bring a French dictionary and a flash light!
5	I have to admit...I was a bit skeptical of Joe Beef when I was planning our food adventure in Montreal. We had 6 days and a ton of must try restaurants on our list...Toque, Olive + Gourmando, Bocata, Le Club Chasse Et Peche, Au Pied Cochon and Maison Boulud to name a few. Joe Beef barely made it into our plans on our last night in Montreal but I am SO glad it did. Amongst all the wonderful restaurants we went to, Joe Beef absolutely blew all of the other restaurants out of the water. The food is phenomenal but what really made our night was the incredible, incredible service. We sat at the bar (I love sitting at the bar), and our two servers/bartenders took such great care of us. The attention to detail, the unpretentiousness and just the genuine desire to make you, as a customer, happy made this one of my most memorable dining experiences that I will never stop gushing about. We will definitely be back again! Thank you for such a wonderful experience!Now onto the food...Veal tongue - super tender and flavorful, very generous portionsLobster spaghetti with bacon - omg this was every bit as good as everyone says it is. Super generous with lobster and the sauce is perfection.Cheval steak - bacon wrapped and topped with an egg. The man friend loved it. My first time trying horse meat and it was pretty tasty. The winning bite is actually eating the steak with the sauce from the lobster spaghetti. That was POW...delicious!Hazelnut cake - slice of heaven. Moist and not too sweet. Perfect way to finish off our meal. Now I'm hungry after talking about all this good food....
5	I hesitate at times to add my voice to well patronized,reviewed and popular restaurants simply because my fellow Yelpers are so eloquent and comprehensive already but.....Joe Beef is really as good as they all say.Service was excellent as we placed our meal and drink selections totally in our waitresses hands. Duck confit,porterhouse,endive salad,PEI oysters,soft serve ice cream and 2 paired wines later we left sated and very happy with a doggy bag even.....Go....it's really that good.
