3	A walk down the Royal Mile from Edinburgh Castle is a good way to see a snap-shot of the life in this part of the city. I think if it is convenient you should start at the castle, from here you'll get a view north over the Princess Street Gardens or South to the Meadows. Near the castle is generally mobbed with tourists, I would recommend if you can don't visit anything in Edinburgh during the main festival season of August, the rest of the year it can be very busy but not crazy busy. Heading down the mile towards Holyrood Palace is strange as you get further from the pure tourist attraction of the castle and closer to Holyrood, a working royal residence , you also get further from the shops selling a load of rubbish and passing it of as authentic, traditional and Scottish, beware any tiny shop describing itself as a factory outlet or clearance sales.
5	A good walk along the royal mile is just something that you cannot do if you are a visitor or tourist.It has a lot pubs aswell so you can pop in and have a drink and a meal.It also offers shops to go into.
3	The Royal Mile is a great place to visit when your in Edinburgh, at first when someone told me what the Royal Mile was I didn't think 2 seconds of it, but after being there and seeing the old buildings, it has really given me an insight to Edinburgh and that they keep there old historic building safe and nice. The Royal Mile goes all the way for to the bottom of the town and you can see sights such as St Giles Cathedral and the old Toll Boot Prison. I would definitely say this is the main place where they hold there Festivals, because it is rather spacious and open for tourists to visit.
3	The Royal Mile is one of those places in Edinburgh that you must walk along. The buildings along the street have been conserved and it really gives you an insight into how the old town used to look many years ago. As you walk down there's alot of shops selling cashmere and other Scotish goods at expensive prices and this for me cheapened the whole experience of the Royal Mile.
4	The Royal Mile is sort of the tourist hot spot of Edinburgh. With the Castle at the top and Holyrood at the bottom, its a must do if you are in Edinburgh. With charming cobbles and beautiful architecture, it is perfect for a long walk to admire your surroundings.The Royal Mile misses out on the full five stars due to the hoards of tacky tourists outlets. Why oh why Edinburgh needs so many shops selling cheap tartan goods while blasting bag pipe music is beyond me. It really lowers the tone of an otherwise classy city. If you avoid the shops, then you will have an enjoyable walk. During the Festival there are various street performers and snippets of shows which are a must see, you can spend the whole afternoon seeing a variety of good and bad acts. It does get very busy though, so be prepared. The Royal Mile really is worth a visit. There is no other street in the world quite like it. There is so much history originating from this one street, it truly is remarkable. However it is sad that it has become so commercialized.
5	Loads of Edinburgers dismiss the Royal Mile as a tourist filled tat haven, but I propose that they're all very wrong.Yeah, ok, when all the festivals are on during the month of August, the Royal Mile is an obstacle course of performers, large camera lenses and the inevitable but woefully cringeworthy bum bags (fanny packs for US translation).But in how many other cities will you find a mile long street that starts with a castle, and ends with a palace? I like the throng of tourists and locals that wander down the mile, and I especially enjoy it during August, because everyone seems to get such a buzz from the atmosphere and history of the area.Admittedly, the start of the Mile is a bit overrun with tourist shops and overpriced food establishments, but I don't mind that really. I enjoy peering down little cobbled closes and alleyways to see what's going on, and nearer the middle and the bottom of the mile, there are some fantastic wee pubs, shops, and places to eat.
5	Theres nothing quite like the Royal Mile.It is, in a word, unique. And because of that, everybody want to see it. The Royal Mile is always full of tourtists, but more importantly, I (having lived here for many years) still get a cheap thrill about walking down the Royal Mile.Im not sure what it is - the history, the buzzing atmospher, the many restaurants/shops/bars/tourist things - who knows, the Royal Mile has something.During the festival, it becomes the epicentre of the street performance explosion throughout the city centre, and If you have read my fringe Festival you will know that I genuinly believe that whole days can be spent watching street performers and slowly (very slowly) making your way down the royal mile absorbing the atmosphere and the sights and generally the excellence.Truely a great place to be, and really desreves its reputation as one of the best places in the city to visit.
5	It's filled with tartan shops, the idea of being Scottish is exploited by businesses, "CASHMERE!!!!" screams out at you from every tourist trap and most of the pubs are named after famous Scots, but you cannot, cannot miss the Royal Mile if you're visiting Edinburgh.In certain areas, it is overrun with tourists brandishing cameras - but you would do the same if you'd never seen a street like this before! And it is certainly unique; with its ghostly closes, creepy alleyways and low ceilings inside the small buildings.You won't be stuck for things to do on the Royal Mile - along with the Museum of Childhood and the Police Centre to name but a few free admission visitor attractions, there are also bars, traditional pubs, unusual shops and cathedrals to explore. There are no shortage of ghost walks and literary trails beginning from various points across the mile, and the place is alive with colour during the Fringe. You may find yourself wandering off down a winding, cobbled path at the start of an adventure, or you may drift off and begin shopping since it is, after all, in the heart of the city (thus within walking distance of everything you could dream of doing).It's easy enough, however, to forget that you are in the 21st century when you meander towards the castle - the atmosphere and densely packed hundred years old buildings take you back through time. Believe it or not, the rainy Scottish weather can add a certain atmosphere to this scene, with oppressive clouds and murky turn offs becoming even more spooky than they would be in the blazing sun. All in all, it's magic. Even if you have walked this street a hundred times like I have, it leaves you spellbound and willing to walk it a hundred times more.
5	The Royal Mile is probably the most famous street in Edinburgh and the one that all the tourists flock to. If you know Edinburgh then the Royal Mile is probably somewhere you'd steer clear of with the abundance of tourist tat gift shops and overpriced tourist trap restaurants. There are, however, some little gems along the Royal Mile. My personal favourites being the Police Museum and the Museum of Childhood which are both absolutely free and great for a browse. The Royal Mile is also ace when it comes to Fringe time when you will see street performers galore all over the Mile.Edinburgh would be a duller place without the Royal Mile so five stars it is!
5	The Royal Mile is fantastic, with a castle at one end, a palace on the other and a cathedral sandwiched between them! The Royal Mile is one of the tourist orientated areas in the city, which has meant that many of the shops here are tailored for them with whisky shops, cashmere shops and general souvenir shops all trying to attract them to their shops.During the festival, and even sometimes when the festival isn't on, there is regularly a street performer who will do some for of darish stunt in an attempt to get hold of your loose change. There is also normally playing the bag-pipes in the are, which creates a really nice atmosphere on the strip.If you go a bit further towards the palace, you do get some pubs and restaurants that are not inundated with tourists and they have some real character to them.
4	Very cool street with a number of spectacular sites and plenty of street performers.  Downside is there are a lot of tourists (me included).
5	I can't recommend this walking bit of Edinburgh enough. The architecture is breath-taking, the history is mind-blowing. The city is flanked by an older and newer portion of the city. Old town is craggy and tightly packed, but very quaint. New town is Georgian and amazingly organized on a grid. Totally worth a trip and especially during the Festivals.
5	Just gorgeous!!  A real treat  of a walk!  I did this on my own and was just entertained beyond belief!!  It's a bit touristy, as I was, so I get it.. I live in a touristy part of SF, so I try to turn a blind eye and a deaf ear.  I wish I would have bought some Cashmere or a tartan skirt!  2 real regrets! The pics I took were fabulous.. great photo ops!!  I wish I would have gotten on a tour, though.
5	There's something about the Royal Mile I just really, really like. Living in Edinburgh, as a local and born-and-bred Scot, you do often tire of the blaring bagpipe music from the tartan-clad tourist trap shops. And whilst the Royal Mile is the High Street, and the central hub of all the Fudge Houses, Whisky shops, and tourist apparel boutiques, no amount of saltire flags and William Wallace impersonators could take away from the sheer splendour of the cobbled streets, ancient buildings, and the fact that it is the street that connects the Castle to the Queen's Palace.Admittedly I avoid walking down here mid-afternoon, or at the weekend. It does get busy. But if you catch it, as I often do, early morning when the sun is rising and there's hardly a soul around it's quite magical. You do feel as though you're stepping into another time. Luckily the shops and restaurants that inhabit it haven't taken away from the aged charm, and don't intrude too much on the physical appeal of it.Also despite being the main tourist street, it does actually have some very decent restaurants, cafes and shops on it, and is very close to some other great streets and businesses.Ironically, if I ever crave some silence, solitude and some 'me-time' the Royal Mile at 7.30am on a sunny day is just the place I'd like to be.
5	Located in Old Town, the Royal Mile does what it says on the tin... it's a mile long extending from the Castle all the way to the Palace with lots of wonderful cafes and restaurants and shops at ever inch!  Take the time to ponder down (or up) the Royal mile.  Some of the shops can be a bit pricey but you are after all on the main tourist spot of the City!
4	I love the Royal Mile! Sure it's chockful of tourists and touristy stores, but if you ignore all of that and look at the architecture, and consider the history of the street and the setting...then wow, this is the prettiest and most historical tourist strip ever. Shops i loved on the Royal Mile (and just off): - Ness- Ecco Vino- CookieReally fun and gorgeous
3	Crowded. All tourists basically. All the souvenir shops are on the strip or on an intersecting street. One end leads you to the Holyrood Palace, the other Edinburgh Castle, so plan accordingly!
5	Love love love the Royal Mile and Edinburgh. I can still smell the mix of sea and flowers somehow that is such a strong memory.  There are some cities that weirdly feel so authentically home to a stranger, and this is one of them.
5	Dare I say... the Royal Mile is... wait for it... magical!  Even with the souvenir shops where you can get your jimmy hats (Americans... not that kind of jimmy hat... actually maybe one of those ridiculous souvenir ones that you wouldn't actually use... sorry I have been sidetracked), blaring some techno bag pipe music so loud that the people living above the shops ask the stores to turn it down.  There is an energy, an ambience in Edinburgh that I still cannot put into words when people ask me why Edinburgh is one of my favourite places in the world.  I suspect the Royal Mile has something to do with this energy.Yes, it is chucked full of tourists, but that's because there is so much to see on this one street.  I do love the people that set up shop on the Royal Mile on Saturday mornings... I have purchased two spoon rings, looked at some lovely art, and even met the lady who holds the Guinness Book of World Records... record for the most piercings.  Yes, it was an... interesting experience.  I even found a bagpiper to Ace Purple (the mascot from my alma mater) so I could take a picture and document Ace's travels (think Flat Stanley, but not...).  I love the cobbled streets, I love all the little shops, I love that Holyrood is at one end and the castle at the other.  Not to mention, my favourite map shop is on the Royal Mile too!I think this is the best attraction in Edinburgh... and it is free to wander it!  Absolutely great for people watching (I can't tell you how many times it has given me complete and utter joy... and maybe a bit of smugness to watch people, specifically tourists wander about here).  If you get tired of the crowds, you just pop off onto one of the side streets and if you want to get some beautiful pictures without people walking through your photo... go early in the morning.  It is amazing how the Royal Mile takes on a different persona at different times of day... early in the morning is almost a ghost town with the exception of locals crossing to go to work, the bags of trash from restaurants, and the seagulls attacking the trash... you can hear "mine, mine, mine" mingled with faint bag pipes in the background.  During the day it is tourist central.  In the evening, there are still tourists wandering about, mostly circled around a performer in the middle of the street, most likely tossing things lit on fire around, but it isn't quite as crowded (I imagine most of them are the ghost tours) and there are some great views and pictures to be had a night... Advocate's Close where you can see the Scott Monument, and of course the castle and city from castle terrace just to name a few.  I presume if you really love Edinburgh, that you have a special affinity for the Royal Mile... despite all of the tourists!
5	This one mile stretch of road has the castle/fort of Edinburgh on one end and the palace of Holyrood on the other. Hence why it's called the Royal Mile!In between are all the touristy shops, bagpipers, whisky shops, fudge shops and pubs. It is touristy but if you look hard enough there are some gems!
5	Enjoyed looking at the buildings. Many tourist shops, all about the same price & stuff. BUT if you enjoy old buildings and architecture, this is a great place to wander.
4	Very touristy, but, hey, we were tourists there!  A great place to hop on a bus tour, and get some tartan items.  Go early, though, because it gets very crowded in the afternoons.
4	Coming and GoingA good stroll for reflecting!  Worldy unique place
5	The Royal Mile was kinda painful for me.  Yeah... after all the walking, the climbing up the stairs, down the stairs.... walking all over Edinburgh castle... We decided to walk the Royal Mile to close out our first day in Edinburgh during our recent UK trip.  But hey, it was a fun mile though, with so many shops, pubs, performers, people watching, etc.... Now at the end of the Royal Mile, walking back to our hotel at the Grassmarket... that was really painful.  We should've taken a cab....
3	I like the Royal Mile, it is a great little jaunt up to the castle, standing high and just an imposing structure.  Though, really more of a tourist spot.  Lots of shops, cafes, and more generic touristy type pubs.  Street performers as well.  The first time I visited, it was during a French music fest.  Which meant lots of mimes and other performers, if that is your thing, it was interesting.  Recently, in lat Feb, not quite as much going on.  Though I was still lucky to have a fairly clear day to explore.  Then on up to the castle...
5	The Royal Mile is the name given since the 16th-century to a succession of streets which form the main thoroughfare of the Old TownAs the name suggests, the Royal Mile is approximately one Scots mile long, and runs between two foci of history in Scotland, from Edinburgh Castle at the top of the Castle Rock, down to Holyrood Palace.I really like Games workshop as that is where I go to paint my warhammer figurines. Sometimes I hang out at the Tron Kirk as that is where the ghost tours leave from. I'm too afraid to actually go on one, but I like to watch in the hope that one day I'll build up courage to go on one. It's a bit like climbing ladders to get over a fear of heights.There are lots of street performers on the Royal mile which is actually pretty fun so long as there are not too many people watching. Other places I like to go are the Fudge shops where occasionally I like to watch them at work, sometimes I even buy some fudge. I went to the childrens toy museum once also but that gave me nightmares. In some places I get a bit annoyed at the narrowness of the streets however you can overcome this by just rolly-polly-ing down the middle of the street.Do's - Goto the Royal MileDon'ts - Don't go to the Royal Mile.
4	I enjoy having a roll down the royal mile on my bike. It's a pretty solid spot for a bit of people watching. For most other reasons though I generally avoid it. It's just too full of people for me most of the time.Street performers are good fun, but take up the whole road. There are some good shops but you pay the real estate premium for most of them. Really the best bits are hidden. These being the old map shop and Monteiths. Also the kilt shops aren't bad.All in all not much to say. It would be good if they banned parking and traffic from all of it but that's not going to happen is it!
4	The Royal Mile comprises of many streets names and High Street being the main one.It runs from the Edinburgh Castle to Holyrood Palace. It has been reviewed to a fault and it is difficult to add anything new. So I will add my own opinion on this as a resident of this wonderful city called Edinburgh. I can divide this in 5 sections.Tourists, Tours, Traffic, Townsfolk & TrepidationTourists: they are the major part of this cobbled street, they walk everywhere and will stop to take pictures or get their bearings. To avoid bumping in to them (or being asked for directions or take a picture) stay on the outer or inner edges of the pavement, this will ensure you have a faster journey through the Royal Mile. The Shops are catered for the tourists. Merchandise and prices reflect this. Kilts, Whisky, Christmas shops, Ancient Maps, haggis, scarfs, tweed, museums, eateries and pubs, loads of pubs. Notable 'The Last Drop', 'Royal Mile Pub' and 'End of the World' pub.Tours: There are walking tours for the old town. Crypt, Castle, Religious, Ghost, literary, Storytelling, Historic, whisky, photography, Architecture and Haggis - and many combinations of the tours mentioned above.Traffic: there are loads of taxis and together with the sightseeing buses and normal traffic they clog up the Royal Mile to a crawl. Townsfolk: they don't tend to venture out on Royal Mile much - as there is not much for them there. Thus making this place even more touristy. Only during the Edinburgh Festival you'll see many of the townsfolk strolling the Fringe section. Trepidation: Something is likely about the happen at any point. At least that is the general feeling I get when strolling the Royal Mile perimeter. It could be a drunkard, beggar, an impromptu Street Theatre, a Musical performance, large group of tourists taking over the area, irate car drivers, a group of bikers, a procession of sorts, Hare Krishnah's, Parking Attendants, a Television Crew, a Wedding Party, Stag & Hen party.. you name it it can all happen here at any time..Do I recommend visiting here - Oh Yes! You cannot miss this area as part of your Edinburgh itinerary when your are a tourist. It is Beautiful and iconic (and Historically Grade listed!) Do I like Royal Mile? Yes I do. Would I go out of my way to visit the Royal Mile? No - actually the opposite would be closer to the truth when there are too many tourists or traffic.
2	Underwhelming - The street is a tourist trap at best. The stores repeat, meaning you tend to find the same kilts, same short breads, the same magnets from store to store. I'm not sure if I saw anything that wasn't mass produced. I did enjoy the bagpipe performance though.
4	We were starving after a long afternoon at Edinburgh Castle. We came across this tavern and ordered the bangers and mash and a burger. The bangers were the freshest I've ever had. You get two served on top of mash in a caramelized onion gravy. To die for. Beer was great. Service was good. The bathrooms were clean. Great place to have lunch. Can't wait to visit again.
4	I feel like my experience was that it was pretty touristy. I won't in both January and June of this year. Touristy but with style I suppose. There are the street performers (magician and bag piper) and the shops with cheap kilts and magnets.  Overall though, I will say it is very clean and everyone is always friendly.
5	Went to Edinburgh for a weekend during the Fringe.  The Royal Mile was packed with tourists but it was also unusually sunny for Edinburgh I was told.  We started at one end of the Royal Mile - the Edinburgh Castle and walked all the way down to Holyrood Palace.  Views from and around the Caste was very nice, I closed my eyes and can still recall the hustle and bustle from the visitors, music from the street performers, warm sunshine and breeze, very pleasant afternoon stroll indeed.  And a good way to take in all the main sites in the city.  Good way to people watch as well.  Just grab any guidebook and you can read all about the sites on the Royal Mile. You can stop any time along the walk to watch performers, visit a historic site or just enjoy a coffee or scotch.  Architecturally it is simply beautiful and feels very different from other parts of the UK. What makes Edinburgh so romantic is how much history it contains and it's nicely summed up here on the Royal Mile.  It was also nice to be starting with the historic castle and ending perhaps with a visit to the scottish parliament that symbolizes modern democracy.  Nice symbolic end to the walk.  A must-do for every visitor.
4	We loved the Royal Mile!! There are so many things to do and see and we took in as much as possible: the kilt making factory, Mary Kings Close, Greyfriars Bobby, a distillery tour and those weren't even half of all the things to do. We were warned ahead of time not to buy souvenirs or do any personal shopping there because the prices were inflated but we didn't find that was the case. In fact one of the first stores after you come out of Edinburgh Castle had the best price for cashmere scarves and we we all over the city. Even Princes Street was more expensive. The restaurants are  fabulous and so are the street performers. We were there this past summer during the UK's heat wave and so that probably enhanced our experience. Don't go to Edinburgh and not do the Royal Mile!
5	I was here in August, came for the Tattoo, the Fringe Festival happen to be going on at the same time. The Royal Mile was packed. The vibe was awesome, so many people and so much going on in every pub, restaurant and street corner. Tons of shops to stop in a grab a souvenir. The cobblestone streets and the amazing buildings, so many historical sites, St. Giles Cathedral, The Real Mary King's Close, etc. It's so clean through here despite the crowds. Definitely a way to spend a good couple of days walking around.
4	As far as touristy stuff goes, this is the right street to hit. Filled with tons of wee Scottish shops, bars and restaurants you can get everything you need without straying too far. Great vibe, not too pricy and tons of stuff to do.
5	Fabulous section of old town Edinburgh. I could spend days walking around this section of town and browsing through the numerous shops and  boutiques that are all around this area. Tons of shopping, souvenirs, bars, pubs, cafes and restaurants that serve great food. It is touristy and venturing slightly away from the mile will yield you some great places to hang out without spending a whole lot. If you are in Edinburg you can't miss it :-))
4	Sure it's touristy, sure things are likely more expensive here due to that fact, but really, the architecture and the history of the place is what I enjoyed more than anything else.I was able to find some good souvenir deals due to a shop going out of business although normally I'd stay away from the touristy areas for any purchase. There were some local folks giving ghost tours and the bag piper standing next to one of the many monuments - again, it's a touristy spot. That's what us tourists come to see.I didn't think it was bad so far as touristy areas go though - I've seen much much worse - and I'd certainly go back again for the gorgeous buildings and great historic views.
4	royal mile is beautiful, it's a lovely cobbled street that runs on a hill with pubs and shops and restaurants on either side. when it's empty it's great to walk down and when it's really busy during the festival with people advertising their plays it's even more awesome. i love it.
5	At the west end of the Royal Mile, you have the Castle and at the east end, you have Holyrood Palace. Hence the name Royal Mile.The Royal Mile is full of tourist shops and street performers regardless of the season. There are so many things to do, places to see, etc. here!
5	I was in Edinburgh for three full days and I walked through the Royal Mile every single day because it is the that stunning! On one occasion I walked from Holyrood Palace to the St. Gile's Cathedral, it was quiet a walk but I enjoyed it.     The other end of the road is the Edinburgh Castle, there are so many shops along the way (also restaurants), This section is beautiful if you are into old buildings and architecture like me.
5	Walking down the Royal Mile is a must do when in Edinburgh. It's absolutely beautiful and positively seeps history. You get some amazing views while wandering along the mile, Holyrood Palace at the east end and of course the wonderful Edinburgh Castle at the other end. Plus you have great views out to the water, which is absolutely beautiful when the sun is shining!There are quite a lot of touristy shops along the mile but plenty of good souvenir deals to be found. LOTS of Cashmere, tartan, kilts and wool shops too. Also right off the Royal Mile is Mary King's Close which is well worth a visit too. At it's essence, the Royal Mile is a touristy spot but it's a wonderful one at that and really captures the soul of the old town. The buildings are really, truly beautiful and the architecture alone is worth a trip down this street.
5	I love the Royal mile. Lot's of pubs, shops performer's and restaurants.  I've only been in Edinburgh for 2 days, but I can't wait to get back there!
