5	Ok....now where I'm from Rack Room Shoes sells the ugliest shoes around...Nobody really goes into Rack Room shoes unless you shopping for a toddler or if you're over the age of 70.The outlets were closing in 20 minutes and after leaving Journeys Outlet and finding nothing...my friend playfully suggested that we check out Rack Room Shoes..."yeah right...girl...you need to stop sipping that Fat Tuesday" So we decided to check it out since time was running out....we walked in and BAM! we both found a pair of 4 inch heels that would look hot with our club outfits and they were having a BOGO sale. Although, the employees were basically rushing us....we found what we wanted for 1/2 the price :) What more could a girl ask for! I love this city....
3	When I shop for shoes, I like to make a stop by this store.  They have a decent selection of basic dress and athletic shoes.  They won't have the most stylish or designer brands, but if you're looking for an everyday shoe, this store will do the trick.I've found some decent Florsheim wing tips here in the past.  My most recent visit this past weekend was a bust....but what I like about this store is that the employees are willing to check in the back to see if they have your size.Will I return?  Sure.
3	I don't like the set-up of this store. I much prefer Famous Footwear to this store (nice neat rows throughout). The women's athletic and toning shoes are on the left (front) while the women's boots are on the right (front) side. And in the back, the men's shoes are on the left side (which is a completely different direction BTW) and the women's shoes are on the right side. The cashier is in the middle, near the socks and the other accessories. I don't seem to like the selection either, because it's significantly smaller than Famous Footwear. Yes, there are name brands like Nike, New Balance, Adidas, Born, etc. But I just think that this store is just OK.
1	This was one of the worst experiences I've ever had in a shoe store!  The store was a bit cluttered, but the employees really killed the visit for me.  Out of 4 employees I saw on hand, only the cashier was actually doing her job.  Meanwhile the other 3 are hanging out in the back room just talking with each other, completely abandoning all the customers in the store.I have an awkward foot size...11.5 4E...so I'm already limited to less that 10% of the shoes on the market fitting my foot.  Subtract the shoes that look like bug vomit and I'm down to about 5%.  This store actually had a few different shoes that were my size and looked pretty decent.  But with the way they stack the shoes all the way to the ceiling in here, it's not like you can just pull the shoe box from the stack easily.  So that means finding an employee and getting their assistance.  Either that or climbing up the shelves King Kong style...but between not having the beautiful Ann Darrow to protect or wanting to fall to the floor, I'm opted out of that option.So I take a tour thru the aisles looking for an employee to help me out.  I find the 3 floor staffers behind the door back room just talking.  Completely avoiding all customers, just chatting on the clock.  Which in this day in age where the economy sucks and jobs are becoming few and far between, I think that's pretty dumb on their part.  I had to jump in and just say "Hey I need some help over here", and one employee rolls his eyes, huffs and puffs, and gets a ladder to fetch the two shoe boxes I wanted to try.  But between the shoes not really impressing me and the staff being as crappy as possible, I decided against giving them my business.I will not be returning to this location, that much is for sure.  And those employees, minus the cashier, need to step up their game or get canned, because there are plenty of other people out there that could really use and do that job, and do it well.
