5	TUC is a new alternative transportation shop on McClintock, just north of Apache. Give them a call for their hours. I saw them one day while driving by, and stopped in to check it out. The owner was very friendly and we talked for a while. Now, I'm not a scooter person. I -could- be a scooter person in the future, but right now I'm a bike person (and a reluctant driver relishing the gas price increases). More specifically, a  casual bicycle commuter. So I love the fact that TUC carries a whole mess of messenger-style bags...lots of Timbuk2, Manhattan Portage, and they're going to be carrying Chrome soon! They'll also be carrying some of Chrome's clothing (like the padded knickers, for those of us who need a little cushion but can't bring ourselves to flaunt it in spandex). I think this will make them the only place in the valley to get Chrome stuff. Along with their scooter selection, they just got some cruiser bikes in. The owner, Pat, is very eager to bring everyone together and make his shop a community resource for bikers, scooter...ers, and everyone interested in alternative transportation (and alternative fuels). If you have a minute, stop by and chat with him, because I'm sure he'd love your suggestions and feedback.
5	These guys are awesome, eco-forward, and very knowledgeable about alternate transportation. Over a year ago, we bought an A2B Ultramotor bike from them, and it's been a great experience. They've helped us customize it, finding a larger front sprocket to get more out of every pedal stroke, now getting it up to 28mph. They're full of ideas and helpful in implementing ones that will work for us. They've got lots of scooters and other electric bikes, and are a great source of information on what's going on for bikers in the Valley.
5	Just bought an Izip Via Rapido from Urban Commuter. It was a thoroughly pleasant and positive retail experience.Urban Commuter specializes in next-generation commuting options. Back in the day - say, 2005 - the four ways to get to work were drive, bus, bike or walk. Via its selection of electric-assist bicycles, TUC offers a perfect fifth option for people like me, who find 11 miles each way daily too far to bike, walk or bus, but hate the expense and eco-calamity of driving. An electric-assist bike essentially "Europeanizes" a sprawling American city like Phoenix, making much of it accessible via pedaling, the occasional death-by-Humvee notwithstanding. Matt is very friendly, clearly digs his work, answers all questions clearly, and generally knows his stuff. So come on, hipsters. This is a locally owned business specializing in great, green products. Dump the second car and get an e-bike from TUC!
5	I took my Lance Cali Classic scooter in for it's first oil change and service today and was 100% happy with service and experience.Pat and Matt who run the business really focus on customer service and my scooter was ready exactly when they said it would be. I highly recommend this business for all scooter riders looking for a reliable and friendly place get their bike serviced and fixed.
5	ALL OTHER SCOOTER SHOPS TAKE NOTE- this is what a real scooter shop should be like! Really nice guys. Good prices. Gave me a loner tire/wheel until Wednesday (since they can't get me a new tire for a couple of days) SO GREAT. I love the Urban Commuter! I'd give them a million stars if I could!
1	Fail. Might be good for scooters but a total failure on bikes. Brought my mountain bike to them, and after three weeks had to call them to find out that it still wasn't tuned-up. They recommended more than $300 of extra work, and when I didn't get that, they utterly failed on the tune-up. I was returned (after my bike was lost) a dirty, un-lubed, mountain bike with flat tires. I'm guessing these other reviews are from friends of the owner (the killer flaw in all these review sites) because this business has no sense of customer service.
4	Fail not. As it is most of the time, the breakdown in my tune-up was mostly around communication with my experience with Urban Commuter. Once was was cleared up, good care was taken with my bike. It was returned to me clean and in tip-top condition, ready to romp on the mountain. Thanks Urban Commuter for a good customer service.
1	Took our scooter in to get the stator replaced almost a month ago. Every single week they have had some excuse as to why it was not done. Last week we went in and were promised it would be done by Tuesday (today), but no surprise it still had not been touched.
1	When we finally got our scooter back after THREE MONTHS of running in circles with these guys, it was returned to us with  after a whopping $1200 was paid  for labor and other charges. It broke down that very afternoon. It had the same problem with a few new additions including a crack in the oil gasket (for which we were told was the mechanics fault although the store refuses to take responsibility for it). We were then told that if we wanted to have the "new" issues fixed, we would have to pay again.
1	I bought a Groupon for a basic tune up for my fiance's mountain bike because we had brought a bike here in the past & was very satisfied with the work. We dropped off the bike on an early Friday afternoon & was told that they were pretty busy, so the bike would not be done til middle of the next week. We were in no rush so that was fine. My fiance informed Pat, the manager, that the bike was put together by a kid & probably didn't know what he was doing & asked that they check everything to make sure everything is in working order. Pat assured us he would take care of it. A couple of hours later, I get a phone call from Pat. He called to tell me that the tires were really bad & that they trued the tires. I said Ok & that was the end of our conversation. Wednesday the next week came & I began to wonder if the bike was done because I had not received a call... So Friday afternoon I called to check up on the status. Pat tells me that our bike was done LAST weekend & that he had called to inform me of this. I told him No, he had called with a progress report & that was it! He apologized for the miscommunication & we went to pick up the bike. When we get there, Pat comes out to inform us that they had to spend ALOT of time on the bike (an hour & a half) & that the work they had to perform was well outside of a basic tune-up. He then proceeds to tell us that we are now being charged for a premium tune-up that costs $145 & that he would apply the groupon amount I paid of $25, which gave us a new total of $120!!! I was PISSED!!! I was PISSED because you never drop off a car to a mechanic & then come back to pick it up & find out that you know owe hundreds of dollars. This never happens without some type of communication beforehand! I EXPECTED Pat to call me & tell me the work that needed to be done & how much extra we could expect to spend on top of the Groupon that I had already bought!!! The LEAST he could have done was applied the amount of the groupon (the retail amount $45) towards the new price because basically... we got absolutely no benefit whatsoever of buying the Groupon! DO NOT COME HERE WITH HIGH EXPECTATIONS!! Communication was non-existing. We will never be coming back here ever again & I hope the future customers can learn from our mistake.
1	I hate having to give a place one star just to rate them. Extremely disappointed with my experience here.  I bought a groupon for $45 for this place which clearly states in the groupon verbatim: "The amount paid WILL NEVER EXPIRE and must continue to be honored by the merchant after the promotional value expires. The amount paid may be applied toward any goods or services offered by the merchant if the promotion is no longer available.". They refused me goods as I did not need services. The guy told me "I don't need your business." Fortunately for me there is a bike shop about every third block so I'm more then happy to not give you my business.Follow up to Pat's comment: NOWHERE in my voucher does it say can only be used for services, not retail products. What it does say, again, verbatim: The amount paid may be applied toward any goods or services offered by the merchant if the promotion is no longer available. You can follow up with whomever you like but there are no misunderstandings on this end, just an irritated would be customer.
5	They were awesome with my scooter. Extremely thorough and answered my many many questions. I know some businesses aren't so kind to people who buy deals (either through yelp, groupon, living social, etc), but the owner was nice as pie to me as was the guy who worked on my scooter (I believe his name is either Max or Matt). I would definitely recommend taking your scooter here if you want solid advice and top of the line repair.
1	Arrived at 4:20 on Friday only to find out they closed early with no notice. Even called earlier in the week and said I was going to stop in at 4:30 on Friday. Unacceptable and unprofessional. Won't be giving them my business.
