2	As a general rule, I'd almost rather stay sick that venture out to an urgent care center. However, when you're on day 4 of a sore throat/ fever that isn't going away, sometimes you have to bite the bullet.So, I stumbled in, signed in & found a seat.  About an hour & a half of feeling like hell and having what seemed like a dozen kids buzzing around my head like gnats, I finally got in to have my vitals taken.  Once that was done, I got to wait another half hour for the doctor's visit, which lasted all of about 5 minutes.  The last step seemed simple- go back up front & the paperwork will be there shortly.  After 10 minutes of patiently (no pun intended) waiting, I finally ask someone at the front desk if they have my paperwork.  She looks around, and hands me the sheets that were sitting about one foot to her left.  Thanks!  All in all, the place is just really, really disorganized, and I wasn't up for 2 hours of waiting, even though I'm all nice & med-ed up.
4	Here's the #1 tip for having a good urgent care experience: Register online.Go to www.nextcare.com and you can check in right online. You fill out all of the "paperwork," and then within maybe 15 minutes or so, a representative calls from NextCare and helps you pick the appropriate NextCare location AND offers you an appointment. The first time I went to the NextCare in Avondale, I had an appointment. I walked in, signed my name, told the girl I had checked in via web, handed over my ID and insurance card, and paid my co-pay. A few minutes later, I was in an exam room with a doctor. This morning I visited the same facility with my sick son. Appointments were not available until 10 AM, but I wanted to get there at 9 AM. We waited maybe 20 minutes (I brought a book, and my son curled up next to me). What I have noticed both times is that there was no wait once I got an exam room. Often at doctors' offices, you wait in the waiting room and then wait in the exam room. Everything moved very quickly. And, if you need a prescription filled, they do offer some right on site, or there is a pharmacy in the same medical plaza, and they fax it right over. No getting in and out of the car... less waiting ... All in all, a fairly decent experience.
5	A glimpse into the past week of my life ... In 3 days I visited Nextcare Urgent Care 2 times. The first time was for my sick son. The second time was for my sick husband. I won't get into too many details, but my husband had the most horrible headache of his life, complete with wretching and sobbing - overall, a very scary experience for both of us. It was Sunday, so I logged onto the computer and signed in to Nextcare, and off we went!The doctor was extremely thorough, and I was super impressed with the facility because when she ordered blood tests and an EKG, the techs came right in and did the tests. Even at our family doctor, we have to go elsewhere for these types of tests. We left with him feeling better, with comprehensive test results (for both the blood tests and the EKG), and referrals for specialists. This experience far surpassed my expectations for an Urgent Care clinic.
4	This is our 3rd time at this NextCare.  First time, it was a LONG long wait.  Second time, I looked online they have this new service:  check in online and wait at home.  They will call you when your appt is time.  You walk in sign paperwork and within 5 mins or less you are called.  Seriously, everything done in less than 20 to 30 mins.  So the 3rd time, we checked in online at 6pm.  We got a call at 6:20pm and they asked if we can be there in 20 mins.  We got there, signed in, and less than 5 mins we were called.  In and out in less than 30 mins this time (they had to perform a super minor surgery on my hubby.
4	Love this place when my primary Dr is not open and I can't wait to be seen. Check-in online and they will call you when your appt is ready. Then you just walk in, sign in and within 10 minutes your room is usually ready. Super easy and fast.
4	Being able to make an appointment for an urgent care online is a nice touch and really helps to less waiting around other potentially sick folks.  The staff was friendly, but I did have to wait a while in the little exam room... but it was a Sunday and they were busy so I will let that slide (this time).  I appreciate the service, being open 7 days and seeming to know what to do and how to help.
5	The staff was very fast and great! Everyone was really nice and caring. I felt like family was taking care of me. I truly appreciate the service and comfort. To the staff and Emilie Erbe, PA-C Thank You So Much!!
5	Nextcare was great! There was hardly any wait and they were so kind and caring. I definitely recommend them and would go back to them. Very professional!
