5	This is my favorite supermarket.  It's nice without being too snooty (ahem, AJ's) and their Musak selection is usually pretty good.  This past weekend I heard Guns 'N Roses "Patience" while I was perusing the Lean Cusines.  How cool is that?
5	This is one of my favorite two places to get groceries.The store is so easy to shop at.  Who ever planned it deserves a medal.  It is big without being intimidating.  Each area of the store is well stocked, including the nice big specialty section. The staff is as accommodating as one could ever ask for.  You are likely to be asked if you are needing help several times, regularly, when you shop in this store.  Even in the specialty areas, which can be the downfall of a good store, this attitude is carried through.I can't really thing of anything to criticize.  This Safeway is that good. I'll share with you something you might miss.  Back by the dairy, by the swinging doors,  there are a few shelves of mark downs.  It never hurts to take a look for those things you might buy if the prices were lower.  It gives you that chance to find out if they are worth the higher or price or not.  Other things may not be exotic, some you might never buy, but it's worth a look!One note concerning shopping at this store during rush hour.  Try to a make a left turn on to Glendale and you can anticipate a long wait.  You might want to consider what I do.   Go around the back of the store, make a left on to 7th street, then you get in to the turn lane for Glendale.   It's easier on the nerves.
5	The Bakery at Safeway on Glendale and 7th Street rocks.Their "artisan" loafs really kick ass.But sell out early.
5	My favorite full-size grocery store.  Like other reviewers, I notice it is always clean and neat.  It is also well stocked and the fruit and veggie quality is excellent.  The employees are pleasant and helpful.  This goes double for the pharmacy staff who recently went out of their way to fix a screw-up by my husband's doctor regarding an Rx. I have been going to that pharmacy for 10 years and always get excellent service.  A couple times I've gone right after a doc appointment with prescriptions that clearly indicate I feel like crap (anit-nausea meds for example) and they bump my prescriptions up in the queue so I can get home ASAP.  Maybe they just don't want a sick person hanging around, but that's OK too.The parking lot can be a nightmare, especially right before holidays.
4	Clean store with alot of good deals if you have the Safeway card. Had to question their store policy as one of my items did not scan in at the sale price and I only was refunded the difference when going to  customer service. At other Safeway stores (such as the one on 67th just north of the 101) I would have got the item for free. Maybe the store employee didn't know the policy or the policy varies between Safeway stores. Does anybody know the answer?
5	always clean and has good deals and nice selection of items
5	Great produce department.Always will let you sample fruits
4	We don't shop at Safeway near as much as we do Fry's and Fresh & Easy!  Although they do have just about everything that Fry's has. I think their customer service is better than Fry's, but I think Fry's prices are better than Safeway's!
4	This is a very nice Safeway store. It is very well organized they have an excellent wine, beer  as well as liquor selection. If you buy a 6 pack of wine or liquor you get a 10 percent discount which is a pretty good deal.  They have a very nice selection of flowers too.
5	Excellent customer service, well-organized and a fantastic produce section.I enjoy my shopping trips to this store.Great job in the floral department, too--my flowers and balloons for a bridal shower were arranged and completed within minutes.
4	Nice location with STARBUCKS inside.
5	I just went to Safeway and left my iPad behind (it had my shopping list on it). I was all the way home when i realized it. I am happy to say when I got back to the store, it had already been found, turned in and locked up in the manager's office :) "Thank you" to the person who found it and turned it in and the staff for stowing it away. Best of all possible outcomes! Yes Karma, you certainly do rock ;)
5	I like this Safeway although I don't shop here very much.  Prices on household goods and hygiene products are much better at Wal-Mart.  The store is always spic and span and the employees are pleasant and helpful.   A tip to other shoppers-go early in the morning on weekends to avoid the wasps (i.e., the Brophy and San Xavier) moms.Those ladies in matching sweater sets are crazy drivers with their carts and their Suburbans  in the parking lot.  They stop in the aisles and chat with each other oblivious to others trying to get around them.
5	I choose Safeway over all other grocery stores (unless it's Costco).  They have such friendly and helpful employees that work there.  They always say hello, they always ask if you need help finding anything.  I also really enjoy their "Just4U" phone app  where I get additional savings and freebies throughout the month.  Yes, Safeway is a little more expensive then say Fry's or Walmart, but I'd take their customer service and store cleanliness over bad service and dirty stores.
5	I would much rather shop here than WalMart. This place is clean and the employees are very polite. They have a wonderful coffee shop and the best fresh soup and the large is only $3.99!!
2	The music playing here is bad enough that I notice it every time and think "Wow, I'd be hard-pressed to pick worse music," and in fact, bad enough that I saw fit to pull my phone out and take the time to type this. Also, they do that obnoxious thing that dumb stores do where at night they turn off one of the automatic doors arbitrarily without putting anything in front of it to let you know. Finally, they're typically pretty bad about leaving carts scattered around the parking lot. I've counted 22 before. Feel free to use these rogue carts as mobile dumpsters to clean out your car. They'll catch on eventually.
5	There are three people you should call your friends- your mechanic, your plumber, and your butcher.   Now, maybe you think you're butcher should be found at some local, small, corner butcher shop, but I'll bet he didn't treat you as well as Richard does at this Safeway location.   If he's not there, wait until he is.   His authentic and sincere desire to deliver the best customer service is unmatched, and he also knows exactly what best matches your cooking/grilling needs.... and why not, he's been doing this for a couple of decades.
1	This store is filthy..needs a good cleaning.
4	Nice, big, well-lit parking lot.  Good neighborhood that I feel safe shopping later at night in.  Carries basically everything you would want as far as basics go, plus a few extras.  Minus one star for narrow aisles and some digital coupon hiccups.Their prices can be higher than other grocery stores (though I hear Albertson's is worse), but only if you don't use their card AND jump through the hoops of their digital coupons on their app.  Once you download all the coupons (no limit), then the prices go down to reasonable-to-excellent depending on what deals you have.  Some speciality items (like mochi ice cream and organic goods) will still be more expensive than Trader Joe's or Whole Foods. Their private label quality is pretty good, especially the Eating Right, Safeway Select, and Open Nature brands.  The lower-end generics will have a few annoying qualities that show why they're cheaper (the Lucerne cheese slices don't have paper behind them separating the slices like Sargento does).I also find this store to be better stocked on some items than the Fry's on Camelback and 20th street, which will run low on items when they're on sale (Greek yogurt seems to always be out of stock there - thank goodness Costco carries a plain Kirkland one now).The employees for the most part show good customer service.  I've had a few very friendly and helpful encounters too.  Sometimes the person manning the self-checkout area is a little "zombie-ish" though.The in-store Starbucks, Wells Fargo, and Pharmacy are all convenient and their hours aren't too limited.  The pharmacy staff is polite and helpful.Overall, a nice upper-middle market supermarket that I will continue to frequent.  If they made a better effort to carry more local items (the Safeways in Hawaii do a good job there) it would be appreciated.
