4	It was a Tuesday night and a blizzard was on its way to Montreal, so basically the streets were pretty dead. But, since it was the end of our business trip in Montreal, we decided to go out for dinner, but something with a French flare.The conceirge at our hotel recommended to us Le Parchemin, but also suggested that we reserve a table ahead of time, which we didn't, but found out we didn't really need to when we got there. Perhaps because of the storm, or the fact that it was a Tuesday evening, the restaurant was pretty empty, except for a few couples out on dates (which is a good sign.)Located inside an old Presbyterian church in the heart of Montreal, the ambiance is very elegant and not at all swanky. They had an extensive wine list, and also offered a special "Gourmet Dinner" package that includes soup, salad, main course, dessert and coffee/tea for CA$44.95, which is a good deal for this class of restaurant. (Wine of course is extra. ) The lobster bisque soup was fantastic, and I ordered the filet mignon with the black pepper and Port sauce that was extremely moist and tender.  For dessert they had the Parchemin trilogy, which consisted of three small tarlets for three of us to share. The portions were right and I felt full but not overstuffed as I usually do with French cuisine. The service was excellent as well, and the Maitre D, Juan Comas, was extremely kind and even came to speak with us a bit. I recommend this restaurant for both as a date-night option or a group fare.
5	First thing I have to say about this restaurant is that I have had the BEST French Onion Soup I have ever had. Having tasted many soups from posh dining to fast food, it is extremely difficult to use the right amount of spice without making this starter very salty. They perfected this delicious soup and I would travel the 6 hours to Montreal just to get my hands on this delight again. But enough about the soup...The staff was very eager to receive us even though we were dressed in jeans and t-shirts, we were just trying to grab a bite of some fine french cuisine after a long day of site seeing. The restaurant was not crowded one bit and they were able to sit us immediately. Their wine list was quite extensive though if I remember correctly, there was not one bottle under $85. I am always interested in dessert wines before a meal (I know Im a bit non-traditional) so I had asked if they had any Italian Moscatos. The waitress was unfamiliar with this wine but pleasantly came back to us after checking with her manager and suggested a similar wine. Though we rejected her selection (it was a half glass for $17), we decided to try a dessert chardonay which ended up being close to what we were looking for anyways.For my main course, I chose their Beef Wellington. *drooooool*Savory medium cooked beef completely breaded with an onion gravy... it was exactly what I had hoped for after a long day of touristing. They serve their entrees with an assortment of cooked vegetables ranging from stuffed tomatos, some kind of fried zucchini, a breaded mash potato ball, asparagus, and a colorful pink edible flower to garnish. I was pleasantly suprised by the variety of vegetables that were all prepared so differently. You could tell their chef really took the time to impress his audience. I also wanted to point out one interesting little detail that I thought was fabulous. This is a fine dining retaurant which usually never appeals to children, however, there was a family sitting behind us with 2 kids, and they revealed a special menu just for children. I didnt actually see what was on their menu but I felt that this was a really great idea so that moms and dads can enjoy their quality cuisine and still be able to feed the kids without the kicking and screaming.  Bravo!I would recommend this place again and again.
5	Montreal is known to be the best place for french cuisine when you are away from France.I've been to Montreal many times and have always enjoyed the food, yet Le Parchemin was a "french food lover" paradise. Every dish that I sampled was prefect. The smooth texture of the Lobster Bisque, the incredible teste of Foie Gras, the perfect spicing of the Rack of Lamb and the incredible service made this dinner one of the best I have ever had.This restaurant is highly recommended to anyone who loves french cuisine!
4	My rating is actually 4.5 stars.  This is a wonderful restaurant.  I ordered the lobster bisque, which was delicious.  However, the main reason I went to Le Parchemin was for the Beef Wellington, a dish that is rare to find on a restaurant menu.  It wasSENSATIONAL.  The service was also exemplary.  "Axel" was our waiter and he has a wonderful sense of humor.I will definitely be back.2/28/2011--What a tragedy!!  I just went onto the restaurant's website, and it states that the restaurant is now closed.  This is awful news.
