4	Does exactly what it says on the tin, St Mary's is a Post Office in the very purest sense. No sweets, no ice lollies, no gifts. Just a few postcards, envelopes and stamps.All wrapped up in wonderfully efficient service. Excellent, until the thieving postman gets his grubby little nicotine-stained hands on it.
4	Sometimes post offices seem to forget what their main function is and instead you walk in and end up getting side tracked by mountains of candles, stationery, jewellery and other items that you completely forget that all you wanted to do was post a letter.As Gavin said, St Mary's Street Post Office is just a post office. All you can do here is post letters and parcels and perhaps buy some stamps. They have a very small selection of Scottish post cards, but that's it.
4	Small and simple but efficient and easy post office. Convenient location just off the Royal Mile makes it easy to pop in, and the staff are efficient so I've never had to wait long!
3	Small, quick and easy...Staff wasn't really friendly...Take outside to mail?Note: they wouldn't take my letter after selling me a stamp. Said I had to drop it in the post outside... Interesting...
4	This teensy little Post Office does a roaring trade due to its super-central location, so don't be surprised if you have to line up outside. It doesn't provide passport forms and the like, so for your official document needs you will have to head elsewhere, but if all you want is a jiffy bag and to post a packet, this'll do you nicely. The staff are pretty perky too, which is jolly nice when you finally reach the front of the line.It gets a bit crowded by the window where there's a writing shelf; if there's more than one person trying to juggle parcels or stick on some newly-purchased stamps prior to sending, elbows will be bound to jog one another. But that's just because the whole place is so weeny and cuuute!
4	This is a good wee post office! It's got all the usual fare of birthday cards and wrapping paper. My favourite thing about it is they've got pretty much all the packaging possibilities clearly displayed on their wall. Makes things easier for the infrequent poster!It's a small post office so doesn't offer all the post office things like passport processing, but they guys who work here are s friendly bunch and can tell you which post offices do what.
