4	We have been very pleased overall with Capri Cleaners, friendly staff, cleaned clothes (just occasionally they put a little more starch than we request) and great pricing.Highly recommend!
1	Rude Employees!!!!!! Too bad this is the closest place to my house.
1	This place has become a real disappointment. I've used them for years and been pleased, until recently. I picked up my work slacks a couple of weeks ago and wore them to work the next day. Imagine my irritation when I crossed my legs and discovered they'd ironed on a WHITE barcode label on the inside cuff of my BLACK pants. It was right at the hem, so it stuck out like a sore thumb when I crossed my legs! I took the pants back to the store the next day and asked that they remove it.  It took no less than FIVE visits for them to actually get the barcode and iron on glue off my pants (though it never came out completely).  The owner explained that the barcode system was their new way of doing things. Apparently they didn't feel the need to let their customers know first!I swore never to go back, but found myself in a pinch yesterday. My son cut his lip and got a spot of blood on my pants. Against my better judgement, I took the pants to the cleaner. I pointed out the spot (which had only been there an hour or so) and she marked the spot with tape. I picked up the pants today and guess what? The stain is still there. It's not even any lighter. It doesn't appear they did anything to it. Fool me twice, shame on me. I won't be going back again.
1	I agree with Danielle. I have been going there for years without a problem and I recently went there expecting the same service... The place has changed. I dropped a uniform off that I needed to pick up the same day so I made sure I was there before 9am... when I went back to pick up and they told me since it is being laundered it won't be ready until tomorrow. I showed my tickets that said current date by 4pm... she then told me it's wrong how they don't do it like that anymore and how it would be too much work for them to find it for us... but offered up half of the uniform... I guess they don't understand the reason for a uniform. How do you argue with someone with that kind of mentality?
5	I have been using this place for over a year. They are really fast, and most everything is done in house. There was a small hichup when they switched to the bar  code system, but everything has been great over all. I would recommend this place to anyone.
3	This place is pretty good. I have been going here for about a year now. The prices are the best. I get 5 or 6 items dry cleaned for about $15
