3	The palace station is a hotel and casino for locals. This isn't really where you want to end up... unless, you want to play low-limit texas hold 'em. Then, this is an excellent place to play because the progressive is huge and very generous. Also, there is always action, players and tables here.
3	For someone who just wants a decent place to crash,doesn't careabout luxury or location or great service,this is a good choice. In factall the Station properties are good values. Good gambling,decentfood and LOW prices.
3	stayed here for the weekend because of the low rate.  there is a reason the place is cheap.  the rooms are no frills and the place was simply laid out on top of the ground that was there, instead of being flattened.  so there are ramps everywhere with flashing "watch your step signs"  classy.because of the low cost, this hotel attracts a particular crowd.  think white trash college dorm, and you have it about right.  we were by the vending machines and we had people outside our room all night.  my favorite was the guy sitting outside our room smoking pot and eating funyons all night.  or there was the guy on his cellphone in the hallway who was 8k in the hole to the mirage and begging people for credit.the rooms themselves are fine, although the shower is poorly designed and i found it impossible not to flood the entire bathroom, but it is possible i am shower deficient.  just don't expect to be able to have a romantic rendez-vous in there, cause it ain't happening.if you are just looking for a place to crash, it'll suffice.  but if you are gonna spend any time in the room, i'd go elsewhere
3	We stayed here because it was dirt cheap and right next to the highway.  We had flown into Vegas late at night and wanted to crash somewhere for the night before driving to Utah.The rooms are simple, like every basic hotel room I've been to in the US.  They were clean, had a shower and air conditioning and that's all I really cared about.  I didn't really experience many of the guest except for those who were up gambling at 6am local time.  The breakfast buffet was quite reasonable.In general, a nice cheap place to stay.
3	i went there because of tours.the guide gave me one of the hotel's courtyard's rooms, it was near the freeway, so it was so noisy when i stayed at the roomit was dirty except the exception desks; otherwise, trashes were everywhere.the room was a basic and standard 2-bed room, i like the showerone star is for the low rate.a second star is for the bathrooma third star is ...... oh yea, it is a 3-star hotel.
4	Definetly I hotel which is more for the locals than for the tourist. The Palace Station is located one mile north of the strip. Good value, and nice accomadations. 3 out of the four stars goes for the excellent customer service. I stayed at the Palace Station last December when my mom came to town for a conference. I stayed their for a few days to recover from a medical emergency. Anyway, the room service staff was awesome, they always asked how I was feeling because it was clear that I was sick. From what I can remember the room service food was good. I also liked the restaurants the three restaurants that are in the hotel. Especially the Pasta Station, because they played alot of Frank Sinatra tunes(one of my favorite singers). Anyway if your looking for a place to stay that gives you good value for your money I recommend this place.
3	I stayed here a couple of years ago because it was close to where my brother was getting married.  We scored a really cheap rate.  It was probably $50 or $60 a night on a weekend.  There's a nice FREE shuttle that will take you the hotel from the McCarren airport.  Effin' sweet.  It's pretty far away from the strip, you either need to take a bus, a cab, or bring your walking shoes.  It's definitely off the beaten path.  The only problem I encountered here was the maze of the hallways.  I got lost trying to find other family members' rooms.  I went around in circles and asked the maids a few times.  I'm pretty terrible with directions to begin with, but getting lost in a freakin' hotel?  That's a new one even for me.  Go for the cheap rates and the free shuttle.  It's a bargain.  I think the "tower" rooms on the upper level were nicer than the cheap-o rooms we got, but hey you get what you pay for.
2	I needed to find a place to stay for one night to get ready for my drive back to los angeles the next day.  I was really bummed out after playing over 6.5 hours in a world series of poker main event qualifer only to come out a few places short of qualifying.  So i walked into this hotel with no reservation i didnt care how much it cost i just wanted to sleep.  I didnt know they charge you more if you walk in as opposed to using vegas.com, or travelocity.  For the same price i could of stayed at NY NY.The lady told me all the non smoking rooms were sold out but i was so tired i didnt want to drive to another hotel.  Then she said, "oh we have one non smoking room but there doing construction on that floor so you MIGHT hear some noise".Might hear some noise huh?  Holy shit!!!   It was so loud it was like there was a jack hammer in the next room at 9am.  I had ear plugs but it didnt help at all.  I had to pack up my stuff and i went to my brothers room which was several floors down to get some more sleep.The only reason im giving this place 2 stars is because the food is good.  The cafe is cheap and the oyster bar is delicious.Even though i'll never stay here again i'll go back for the food, especially the oyster bar.
4	Stayed at Palace Station over the weekend with a couple of friends. First off, we originally planned to arrive in LV, gamble and have fun until saturday morning for an early checkin.  However, all of us were tired 2am and needed some rest so we asked for a room and got one for free.  One of the hosts gave us a "SUITE" in one of the courtyard rooms and we were pretty happy.  We went through a maze trying to find our room and finally after 15 minutes found it hidden in the very back of the hall way.  When we entered the room.... all we could say was "WTF."  How the hell can Palace station call this piece of sh*t a suite?!?!?  This room was so crappy that we almost didnt want to stay here.  It looked like a place where people get robbed or murdered.  The walls were white with graining texture, no wallpapers!  The carpet stained and the couch they had a blood stain!!!  In the bed room, there was a nice king bed however and it was really comfortable.  The bathroom was super tiny and the shower drain was broken with a piece of metal sticking up.  I actually stepped on it and was scared I would catch something....sick!  Other for the bed, the room was a dump.  After waking up and tryign to get the hell out of dodge, I gambled at their baccarat filled pit.Palace station is known to the locals for their baccarat at low limits and plentiful table selection.  With about 10 tables, it is one, if not the biggest casino having this game.  They have mini and midi baccarat and spread limits from $5 up $100 minimum.  They also have fortune bonus and all those other sucker bets.  I had fun sweating the cards, bending them , and abusing them like no other, good times!On the second night, we checked into a tower room and was satisfied at its quality for the price.  nice beds, clean bathroom, and WALLPAPER!  The TV is 14inches at most, but good enough.  I give this hotel 3 stars for their beds, casino, and friendly staff minus this piece of shit dealer who commented on why I shuffle chips.  PIt bosses are friendly and remember your name.  They gave us many meals and we will be back in the future to gamble ONLY.Update: March 2008 So I stayed here again... why?  I found a rate for $40 on a friday night when the strip was asking for $200+  Anyways, the Tower rooms are now all renonvated and are actually very nice.  Big Plasma TV, nice comfy beds, a nice wood desk, in-room safe and lots of drawers.  The bathroom is also nicely re-done and has two sinks, one outside and one inside a smaller room with a shower/toilet/sink combination.  Palace has really improved itself in the hotel aspect.  Really good room for a really cheap rate.
3	I attended a conference here.  My room was in the motel part of the hotel.  Had to go outside to get to the motel.  As soon as I got into my room, I saw a bug. WTF!! So, I had the heebeejeebees all night.The casino area is congested.  The staff there is hohum.The only redeeming quality for this place is the OYSTER BAR!! They prepare the best seafood gumbo I have ever had.  As a matter of fact, I go to Las Vegas at twice yearly.  Each time, I cab it to the Palace Station for the OYSTER BAR!  You got to check it out!!The second night in the hotel, I saw another bug... same bathroom, different specie of insect. YUCK!
2	There are two types of rooms at the Palace Station Hotel - tower rooms and courtyard rooms. The difference between these two rooms are like night and day. Trust me, you DON'T want a courtyard room.I was here for a convention/conference a while back and, seeing I was cheap, I booked a room in the courtyard. Ehhh...bad decision. Lemme just put it this way - when you walk from the main hotel/casino to the courtyard area, you walk outside for a brief moment to cross over into the courtyard. In the hotel, you have nice automatic sliding doors and elevators, once you get into the courtyard, you have to open doors yourself and take the stairs. Doesn't sound like a huge difference but it is. I mean, think about it...when was the last time you went to a hotel that DIDN'T have automatic sliding doors?The rooms weren't that nice either, once you get inside, it reminds me of a Holiday Inn or Motel 6. Average but livable.The tower rooms, which I had the opportunity to see later, are much nicer. Actually, much nicer is an understatement - you're actually getting a room that makes you think you're in Las Vegas. You get a larger room to begin with, nicer sheets, a flat screen TV, a cleaner bathroom - everything's just nicer. I think they recently remodeled all the tower rooms, which explains why the drastic difference in decor.Therefore, if you HAVE to stay here (because I don't see why you would stay here under your own free will if you have so many other options in Vegas), pay the extra twenty bucks and bump yourself up to the tower. It's just not worth it stay in the courtyard...
3	We stayed at the Palace Station for one night (on a Monday) to save some $$$, just passing through the area. We got a very basic clean room on the sixth floor for around $30 (after taxes and fees) over the Internet. They offer WiFi here, but you have to pay for it. We had the dinner buffet at the hotel, which had lots of tasty decent food for the money and spent less than $20 for dinner for two people, saving us even more $$$ for some slot machines later on. The hotel casino was okay, so we ended up driving over to the Strip for some real all-night fun and excitement!!!
4	I've never stayed here, so I can't review the rooms.  However, since my hubby moved to Vegas, we've been to this hotel numerous times to eat and play.  The casino is not on the strip, so it has a locals only feel to it.  The poker room is small, but it offers low limits (bonus).  Hourly bingo, machines and table games are plenty too, if poker ain't your style.The comps are really good - they give away tons of random stuff for local players.  The players card earns mad coupons too, and that's always a good thing.The Grand Cafe is their 24 hour diner.  The food is decent, cheap, and they offer a great variety with daily specials.
1	I had to come here for a work event and I would never ever return unless it was forced upon me.The first thing that hits you when you walk in this place is the smell. It almost knocked me out. It's like deep deep smoke mixed in with sweat...well I guess that's what it actually is so...anyway.We ate here a couple of times and although really cheap (9.00 bufett), I wouldn't go out of your way for it.
4	We got two tower rooms connected to each other.  The rooms themselves had a good amount of space and furnishings (two armchairs). Our rooms were clean and up-scale looking and reminded me of smaller versions of the suite that we stayed in at the Venetian hotel.  Beds and sheets were comfortable enough. While the walls and doors were thin enough to let noise come in,  the halls and rooms were usually quiet. The marble bathrooms with granite counters gave the good sized bathrooms a luscious feel. The maids were very good about getting our rooms cleaned and the amenities stocked. The tower luxory rooms had many wonderful amenities that I don't see even in higher priced hotels.  Amenities included toothbrushes, toothpaste, mouth rinse, mineral baths, and lots more.  The only problems were the loud fan in the room and the rooms themselves smelled heavily of cigarettes.  However, I was overall very happy with these rooms for the low prices that I paid. I got these rooms as a package deal at travelocity.  I would definitely return.  However,  I would never return to the buffet at this hotel (read my review on their buffet).
4	We stayed here for the Labor Day weekend, and it was great.  Staff was hospitable, responsive, and friendly.  We will stay here again, away from the hustle and bustle on the strip.  You have to stay in the tower rooms.  New furniture, 42" plasma tvs, all the restaurants were great.
3	An abundance of Video Poker with very good pay tables.   Otherwise, it's a decent, comfortable casino with no bells & whistles (except for the train motif, hahaha).  More than decent drink service. Like OJ,  BJ had a bad run here, so he's bitter, but I did ok!  Will we ever stay here?  No.  Will we continue to play here?  Yes.  We stay / play on the strip and gamble at places like this.Works out well.
1	really crappy restaurants, nothing for the kids to do and the rooms are very very small. Its right off the freeway. Plus they rolled on OJ. Never had any luck at the machines and the lines are almost always long on Friday & Saturday to cash your checks. The sports book is cool & so is subway. Bingo isnt half bad either. Burger King & the Guadalajara are all gone, the buffet is the worst and the cafe is closing & being replaced by a Denny's. Theres a decent Starbucks on the way out to the parking garage, the Broiler ain't half bad and you can never get a seat at the oyster bar which is the highlight of this place.  Ocassionally a decent giveaway to players club members.
3	I have stayed here twice as part of a flight/hotel package through Fun Jet out of Kansas City.  It was actually a fun place to gamble.  There's a shuttle that runs back and forth from Palace Station to the strip, but it doesn't run very late.  Be prepared to take a cab back if you are out late on the strip.  The rooms were OK.  The buffet was pretty good and cocktail service was above average in my experience.    Not my top choices of places to stay because of its location, but it's not at all bad and usually a bargain.
2	I went here on New Year's Eve because in years past the always hand out cake & champagne so I figured I'd place a few bets or the football games and get some cake but I guess I showed up too early because there was no sign of free booze flowing at this place.I did however swipe my players card for some promotion they were having and was given a $20 food certificate and $20 slot play. So I went and lost my free slot money quickly and then I decided against my better judgement & previous experience to give the cafe another chance to redeeem themselves.This time it was $20 I wanted to spend so I thought I would keep it simple. 2 hamburgers & fries. NO COKE-Just Pepsi-1 point.Well it took quite awhile for the food to come out & the service was dismal but nothing tops the burgers.No kidding I have had 10x better @ AM/PM. They actually had the consistency & taste of a Hungry Man TV Dinner burger with the whole fake charbroil flavoring to boot.Thank goodness I didn't have to pay for this one.This is one that will be better coming out than going in.
3	My company sent me here...figures i'd be jipped out of a swanky strip hotel, but this did the trick, too.  MUCH bigger on the inside than it appears.  My room was literally half a mile from the front entrance (mistake bringing heels to this place) and of COURSE I had to pass through the casino to get there.  My wallet fell victim every time.  Props to the nice Elvis guy that I saw lurking about for a few days.  I'm sorry to say that you looked nothing like him, but you get an A for effort none-the-less.So the room; opened the curtains to find I had a gorgeous view offfffffffffffffffffffffffff (I know, the suspense must be killing you): the street.  A 26 year old on the first floor of a hotel with a street view.  Not the safest, but put your concerns aside (I know you were worried) because clearly I made it out alive.The shower had no bathtub (shriek) and the bathroom light made this awful screeching noise...it was endearing.  They also had a free shuttle to the strip where I spent many a night spending gobs of money on gambling, booze, smokes, and waltzing into the hotels to take pictures and shop for overpriced trinkets.  The driver was nice enough to drive me back to the airport so that I wouldn't have to spend $30 on the cab to take me a mile and a half.  For the four days I was out there, I induldged in a life of grandeur and excess...who am I kidding, I still do.  All-in-all, you're going to be too busy to stay cooped up in the hotel, but by the time you return from your daily activities you'll be too tired to care that you've just laid your head down on a pillow that had a spider crawling on it.  Sleep is sleep and this place does the job just fine and dandy.
1	Palace Station can Fuck off !!  And because you guys suck so bad, i'm thinking i might just avoid the rest of the station casinos and the bummer is i like the oyster bar. i'll survive without it !
4	Went here solely for the oyster bar.  Had to wait around 20 min before a spot opened up at the bar.  The oysters were super fresh, delicious, and satisfying.  Best oysters I had so far.  If you had a rental car like we did...love raw oysters on the half shell like we do...then a stop at the Palace Station is totally worth it.  Get your aphrodisiacs on!
3	As a hotel  2 stars, as a catered event 4 stars.We celebrated my parents anniversary at this hotel-casino.  Since my mom is a frequent gambler there, the hotel gave us special rates on their Courtyard rooms - very cheap ($42 a night).  I should've taken the tower room where my brother was at $69, much newer and easier to get around.  When I walked into m courtyard room, it smelled like crap, really.  I think it was either the shower drain and/or the AC.  They didn't have an elevator for the 2nd floor where I was, either.  And for those older customers or with crutches like I was (sprained ankle), it was no fun. Also, guests were blatantly smoking right next to the "No Smoking" sign inside the rear lobby.  My bedsheet the first night had lipstick remnant in the edge.  What was housekeeping doing? Normally, I would have left and gone to the other section.  But with my ankle the way it was, and no elevator nearby, it was better to stay put.  Fofrtunately, I slept in the other bed.  I happened to have a mini can of Lysol and sprayed the room with it.  I also had a small bottle of cologne that I sprayed.  It was more tolerable.  Housekeeping was informed and the room was cleaner and fresher the next day. The TV worked fine, but the outlet with the free high speed didn't work.  Fortunately, there was wi fi, and my laptop got a very good signal.  That was cool  But how dumb - to get to the electrical outlets to plug your computer, you have to move the dresser with the TV on top.  I did, but I'm guessing a lot of people could not slide 200 lbs. so easily in a carpeted room.There was activity in the hallway all night Friday and Sat. You could hear the neighbors next door, obviously young drunk men telling each other NOT to sleep and keep drinking and partying.  You could hear some of them say, F**K I have a headache.The anniversary banquet was very nice however, definitely 4 stars for the $40 per person event.  From the time we first called till the actual event, the catering managers kept in touch and made sure everythnig was going as scheduled.  We started out with the program including interactive game for the anniversary couple, and much of the family members entertained using the DJ's microphone and sound system.  The food was good for a catered event,  They brought the salads out in unison.  Ten minutes later, they cleared off the salad plates, and all of the entrees (chicken or beef) were put on the tables. After a half hour, the servers then removed the plates and served the dessert and coffee.  They poured wine, white or red. The serviers were good except that perv that kept staring at my nieces and almost tripped a few times because he was distracted.Then there was a two hour dance with lots of hip hop. disco. and evem some ballroom music per quest request, and the DJ kept things movingThere were some glitches overall, and none of us will stay in the Courtyard again.  Otherwise, we would go back there again, as long as we knew OJ Simpson wasn't around anywhere.
3	Palace Station exceeded my expectations.  For $43/night after taxes and fees (base price was $29.99), it wasn't a bad stay at all.  Stayed in a courtyard room instead of a tower room because I wasn't interested in paying extra for a view.  I performed the routine cleanliness check (stains, hair, etc.) and I didn't detect anything nightmarish.  I was impressed with the bathroom decor.  It had a mediterranean theme and gave me ideas to spruce up my own bathroom.  I was also impressed with the free wifi and flat panel television, but I guess that's becoming more standard in the Vegas area.On another visit I tried out their buffet.  Their buffet is OK.  I particularly enjoyed the grill area where you can choose ingredients (I had pasta) and a cook will saute them all up for ya.  The taste of their menu items is nothing spectacular, however.
1	for $99 for one night plus added fees...not a good deal... the best part about my room was the shower. The age of the room and the acoustics meant that although i was alone i wasn't... One star for the shower and the fact that one member of staff remembered to smile at me.
1	So the 1st time I went to Vegas I headed over to this hotel which houses a lot of old timers....not a good place for a 1st timer in Vegas. Room was in the courtyard and the pool was just decent. Have never been back and don't intend to
2	Oh Palace Station...should be Saddest Station. Where to begin. The Pros: Clean sheets, overall secure feeling, nice/clean bathroom, nice soaps and lotions, working T.V.'s, nice manicured grounds, a decent shuttle to Fashion Show. The Cons: $16.95/ night fee added on to our already paid for travelocity package (travelocity quoted it at $9.95/night), musty room, smelly room and whatever detergent they use for their towels, ouch. Can we say rash on my ash? I didn't gamble or eat here, so I can't vouch for the food. For the price, I would rather pay a bit more and actually be on the strip next time. Definitely a locals place. Only stay here if you REALLY have to.
3	Stayed in one of the new luxury tower rooms when we were in town for the UFC Fan Expo and UFC 100.  The rooms are absolutely fantastic for $70 on a Saturday night.  No complaints, will definitely go back.The main thing to watch out for is that the desk staff are SLLLOOOOWWW.  When checkin time came, there was a line of about 30 people and each checkin was taking 10-15 minutes.  They will check you in a little early if you want, so my advice is to show up around 2 and try to checkin.  When we left the next day, at checkout time, there were lines that long both to check in and to check out!  Figured most of the people in the checkout line didn't know  that you can check out on the TV and just leave the keys in the room...
5	Long Live Station Casinos.Founder Frank Fertitta Jr. has been called home to be with his elders in Heaven.Frank Fertitta Jr. died at age 70 last week following recent heart surgery at Ceders-Sinai Hosptial in Los Angeles. From humble beginnings as a bell-man at the Tropicana almost fifty years ago to founder of an empire that is a Las Vegas icon, Frank Fertitta Jr. embodied the very spirit that made America great. Frank Fertitta Jr. was what all Americans should aspire to be.Rest in peace, Frank Fertitta Jr.
1	Bottom Line, Not impressed. We went for the inexpensive room and did not even get what we paid for. And our expectations were low!We thought we were paying $45 a night and they charged an additional $17 resort fee PER NIGHT! This room was no better than a $30 motel 6 room which probably has a better view. Our view was a wall on the other side of an alley and it was the same alley as the recycling center. Imagine glass being poured into a metal container every few hours.  We could also hear the employees hanging out on their break. We were looking for a basic room to sleep and did not care about the amenities of the "resort". You can feel the springs in the beds.  Water randomly ran out of the shower head during the night making noise.  Restaurants: Why would we want to eat  at a scary looking Chinese food cafeteria or coco's with so many other great restaurants in Vegas.  Sorry, this place is not worth more than $30 a night (after all fees) and it ended up costing over $60 a night after all of the fees. Go elsewhere.
1	I guess i forgot that i stayed here and wrote a review a couple years ago.  In my last review i said i wouldnt stay here again but i forgot and made another mistake.  I guess im a sucker for a cheap deal.On travelocity they had rooms for $20 a night in the garden area.  BIG MISTAKE!!!  The garden area is ghetto its like staying in a cheap motel.  Even the ghetto downtown hookers dont walk around this area.  They dont even have an elevator to get to the second floor so be ready to carry your bags.The house keeping wasnt good on that side of the hotel either.  I closed the bathroom door to take a shower there was a used towel on the hook.  When i was leaving in the morning i shook the sheets to see if i left anything on the bed and you can see all the dust flying around.  And they also charge you a mandatory $16 for gym access, internet, and some other bs.
4	This place isn't the Wynn, but it's also pretty decent for the money you'd be spending to stay here.There are enough choices for food to get along well.  Subway and Starbucks, but also Chinese, Italian, room service, etc.As for gaming, you have plenty of options, and good price minimums.Entertainment is why they didn't get 5 stars.  Not much to do besides gamble in my opinion.  The sportsbook is older, and the live shows aren't great.
4	Good. Buffet is hearty and great food; you get your own drinks - that's always nice. Recommended.
4	Before you guys question why the hell am I eating buffet at Palace Station, let me preface by saying that I do not like buffets! Those of you who know me know I would not choose to eat buffet. However, when your child tells you that he would really like to have breakfast buffet before we leave Vegas, you try to comply. So it was 10am and I called around to see which places were still serving breakfast buffet. I wasn't gonna go to the Bellagio because I only eat a few items and it's hardly worth it for me to spend $20-$30 bucks to eat bacon, sausage, peel and eat shrimp and maybe 2 pieces of toast.I was told that this place was serving brunch and even as we were driving there, I'm hearing 'I had dinner buffet here once when I was wasted and I thought it sucked". Everything in my body should've told me to STOP and not go there, but, we went anyway.The brunch buffet on weekends is $10.99 for adults and $8.99 for kids between 4 and 10 years of age. If you get their players card it's $2 less, so that's what I did. I went to get the players card and we ended up paying $8.99/adult and $6.99/kid.I wasn't hopeful at all. In fact, I had such low expectations that I was actually pleasantly surprised! The buffet was clean and laid out spaciously. The place just looked neat and tidy (unlike the Orleans' French Market Buffet which I now have to knock down a star after coming here).The sausages were very tasty (unlike those at Orleans) and the bacon cooked perfectly. The young man and I started with that. They have an egg station where omelettes and fried eggs are cooked to order. When I ventured further, I was really happy to see that they had peel and eat shrimp as well and they were far better (fresher!) than that at the Orleans. The cocktail sauce here was also a hell lot tastier!I ended up trying the bratwurst with sauerkraut -- really good even though it didn't look as good as it tasted. I even tried the menudo -- bleh, tasted like water, no flavor at all. I liked that they had both grits and cream of wheat although the grits were too clumpy and thick to my taste. There was a ham carving station, Mexican food comprising of beans, rice, tortillas, toppings (killer spicy grilled jalapenos), hash browns were nicely cooked -- crunchy on top and soft under. The food was regularly replaced so it didn't have that messed up look about them. That is my biggest issue with buffets, when the trays of food look like they'd been tampered with. I was highly impressed that they lifted out the trays of food, cleaned out the sides and replaced the trays -- and did this often enough so everything looked really clean.By the time we were done, they were firing up the grill for hamburgers, which were made to order! Too bad we were too full to try one. They also had desserts and ice cream, but no, I didn't try any of that either.The weekend brunch also offers you champagne, but I'd be a bit wary drinking champagne at a brunch that costs you less than $10. However, if you're like me and don't really dig the myriad items they lay out at high end buffets, then perhaps, this is the right place for you! I know that next time, I will not raise my nose in the air and look down upon these cheap buffets because this one really exceeded my expectations. But then again, considering the only foods I eat at buffets, maybe it's not really having expectations at all!For the price, I thought it was pretty damn good! And don't get upset with me for giving them 4 stars. I'm not comparing this place to your high-end buffets! In its own class of buffets, I'd say this is pretty good! Far better than the Orleans buffet lunch which was $7.50 -- but their shrimp wasn't as fresh and their cocktail sauce nowhere near as good as the one at Palace Station!
2	Prior to the complimented rooms that I received to The Hotel at Mandalay Bay, Flamingo, and NYNY I had to get room not complimented for a couple of nights. I looked up a room that was a little off the strip and found out that Palace Station had rooms at $15.00 a night. I thought to myself was "That is dirt cheap'! You do get what you pay for in the room. It looked like a cheap motel room. I didn't know was that the Palace Casinos (Red Rock, Green Valley Ranch etc) charged about $17 hotel fee per night on top of the room rate. The fee includes internet access, gym/pool use and shuttles to/from the airport or strip. Which is worth the fee if you used most of the things offered. I ended up using everything except for the pool.The casino itself was decent looking and they do have great restaurants here though. The rooms were pretty crappy though.
3	I am giving this hotel 2 stars, for value, cleanliness of my room, nice front desk staff and value. If you want to save money this is the place!  And adding 1 extra star because everyone else makes you check out by 10, their check out time is noon.I had stayed here several times for work before they remodeled, the rooms are much nicer however I am very disappointed with my petite suite. For $100 it does come with internet & free calls and its clean. I really think somewhere on the house keeping check list should say to turn off alarm clocks! I dont even own an alarm clock much less know how to turn one off at 5 AM! Obviously sine it kept going off so I finally had to unplug it... From behind the bed.The bed was horrible, with 2 of us in a king it sinks down in the middle, my back is killing me!  No in room coffee, no tub (I asked for a tub but the petite suites do not have them).  There used to be a nice ) shaped couch in the window as a sitting area now they made a bed to fit into that area which blocks the view. The sitting area is on the dark side of the room, seems backwards to me. When we checked in at 3 there was dirty blankets & a pizza box in the hall near our room. We went to dinner & a 10:30 show, came back after 1 and it was still there.They only provide 2 towels, wash cloths & hand towels... Seriously I can use those up myself in 2 days! On the bed only 3 pillows, no extras tucked away in the closet... And cheap pillows at that.They have a shuttle, but it's not very often, be sure to check the schedule... we just used a taxi.  It's about $20 all the way down to NY NY... or you can wait for the shuttle.There is a Starbucks downstairs & yes, a Coco's but don't eat there breakfast was terrible.  We had over cooked eggs and undercooked potatoes for $12 a plate.  Go someplace else for breakfast!The only reason I come here is for the Oyster Bar, they have a pretty good brunch buffet too, but the Oyster Bar is my fav place in Vegas hands down!
4	Off the Strip. Nice Rooms. Great Value. Good Service.I've stayed at this hotel about three times now and I have yet to be disappointed.  They provide a free shuttle to the Strip so if you want to head to the Strip and you don't want to drive, that's an option instead of taking a taxi.  They provide free wired internet and free WiFi in every room and each room I've been in has a 42" LCD TV.  If you can't live without Starbucks, there's one downstairs, plus they have a CoCo's bakery.  My last visit here, we had some issues connecting to the WiFi.  We knew what the problem was (the Wireless Access Point needed to be reset) but we didn't know where the router was so, we called their Tech Support.  When they answered, we told them what the problem was and they actually helped us through it.  They brought up a team of people to fix the problem (basically, reset the WAP) and we had our WiFi.  It took three people: engineering, IT, and Customer Service.  In a regular situation, I would consider that overkill, but I think of it more as a testament to their ensuring that their guests are satisfied.  Which, we were.  I would definitely stay here again... and definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants to spend more money on other things than a place to stay... I mean, who really stays in their hotel rooms in Vegas anyways, right?
1	We used to stay here almost every time we went to Vegas. It's off the strip, it's cheap, there's Bingo, and the rooms are nice enough.Something wrong happened to taint our impression of Palace Station... FIVE TIMES IN A ROW.It was a different thing every time, so after the third time, I said, "Palace Station just struck out." We decided to stay elsewhere, and you know what- even cheaper hotels ended up being better, and Bingo is now at the Plaza anyway.The first time, they messed up our reservation. The second time, our room wasn't cleaned prior to our check-in. The third time, they handed us our printed price quote, scribbled it out, and wrote a new quote for $80 more... Uh... I'm not signing that!The manager was one of the rudest people I'd ever met. I said, "We're not staying here." And we received a certificate in the mail for a free room, since we had such a bad experience.Wait, it gets better.We stayed there once more for free, but they messed up our reservation (this is the FOURTH time they screwed up), and we ended up getting a smoking room (stinky). It was mediocre at best, but hey- it was free. And we had to ask for some towels AND pillows...We checked out at the desk (after waiting 2 hours) to be sure we weren't charged anything. She said, "there is no charge for your stay."We got our credit card bill a month later- they charged us for the free room.I'm truly blown away.And guess what else- I'm connected to the owners through one degree. If I get this kind of treatment, so will you.Ye be warned.
4	I usually stay away from discount eating but the fans swore this place is legit. They were right. I'm all about their steak. We (at least 25 heads) tried to go down the elevator together and ended up breaking it in transit. They didn't say a single word to us as they pulled us out, speed style. I was grateful and mortified at the same time. Extra star for palace station.
5	This place had the most kick ass buffet, seriously everything was delicious and they have a ton of options. Get a free preferred card, and breakfast is $6.50. On the weekends they only have Brunch and that was around $9.50 plus you get a free drink. And they do have booze, all sorts of specials. Definitely a kick ass buffet for the price.
4	This isn't a review on the hotel itself but rather their buffet.You can get breakfast for $6.50 or brunch for $9.50 when you get their club card. The buffet is just awesome. I've been to a lot of buffet's on the strip and this place is topping most of them because of the price\food quality ratio. Just come here early, because it gets packed later!
4	Before you call me and scream about this review here is the reason why I rated them a 4.I only had stayed here one night for a convention that was held here in this hotel.  My company booked a "Tower Room."  I was very pleasantly surprise to find out that their Tower Room was nicely updated.  It had a huge flat screen TV, a great vanity area and the room was not bad.  Their bed was not all that comfortable but you do get what you paid for.  We stayed here and it was only $50 a night.  The room if I'm not mistaken reminded me of NY NY or a room at the Monte Carlo.  Yes I said it.  You don't have to believe me, just go there one day and ask them if you can tour one of their rooms before deciding to book.  They're really nice and if they're not busy they would show you around.  If you had read my review on their OYSTER BAR, that was another reason to stay here.  The oyster bar is closed at 1am every day.  Just remember to book a newly updated TOWER ROOM.If you're on a budget, stay here.  I wouldn't mine doing it again.
5	This review is for the buffet only!   The pasta is what has kept me from  coming back every time I am in Las Vegas!  Keep up with all the good works...Chefs....
1	This review is for the ARCADE.My girlfriend had a job interview at Palace Station, so I thought I would kill time in the arcade while she was doing her thing. And I learned an important lesson:This place DOES NOT CARE FOR THEIR ARCADE MACHINES.I popped two tokens in the Police Trainer machine. Ate my tokens.I went to play House of the Dead. Gun aiming was horribly off-center (and I'm a shooter in real-life so this can't be attributed to my own incompetence.)I went to play Star Wars Trilogy. THE JOYSTICK WAS BROKEN, with the cursor stuck at the right side of the screen. And then I went to play the crane machine. The controls were sluggish and hardly responsive at all. Not to mention every game had a TWO token cost, with the exception of a few that cost a little more. The arcade is only about a quarter the size of those at other Station Casinos. Granted, it's a "nice" area, but there are so few games to choose from, and what little there is doesn't work right. Save your money before you play any of the games in here. If you're 21 or older, just go stick it in a slot machine. It's a gamble whether or not any machine in here will even work right!Hands down one of the worst arcades this reviewer has experienced. Want a quality arcade experience? Go to Gameworks, or pretty much any other Station Casino.
3	I'd went to ivegas and got a deal for the courtyard room. It was $20 a night, but what they don't tell you is they charge $14.99 for internet, pool fee required. So it's about $40ish per night. Hotel room is small but not too bad. I'd recently gone to Tuscany hotel and I would recommend that place better for around the same price.
3	I was attending a convention and the room was was affordable. I stayed in the courtyard and although the rooms are not up-to-date like the Tower Rooms. It was cozy, comfortable, and clean. We were close to the gym and the pool. Nothing luxurious but suit it's purpose. I did get to see the Tower Rooms and they are up to date and not that much more than the courtyard rooms. We also ate at the buffet and the food was good and they had a variety of food available including seafood, salads, prime rib (very good), mexican, Italian, etc... The cost of the buffet was affordable except for Friday night, but it was Seafood Night. We had breakfast at Coco's Bakery, conveniently located in the casino. The breakfast was very good (Breakfast Special included: pancakes, sausage or bacon, hash browns or hash rounds, and eggs $3.99) and prices were affordable. The location was good on the other side of the strip, we were able to get there in 5 min. (just had to find parking). So, if you are going to Las Vegas and need an affordable place to stay, the Palace Casino suits the bill.
4	If you can stay for free, like I often do, it's the best deal in town.  I love this place.  It's been updated over the last couple of years and has become pretty decent.  I remember 10 years ago how scummy it was and how I never thought I'd consider staying there.  Well, here I am... loving Palace Station.  Stay in the Tower rooms.  They're nice, clean, and the bed is super comfy!  Besides, if you stay in the courtyard, you have to walk to the casino.   Make sure to get a player's card too.  If you gamble a little you'll get free rooms, buffet and get invited to the slot tournaments for free.  And on the top of that, you get the option to stay at the other Station casinos including Red Rock, Green Valley Ranch, and Alliante Station.  (Alliante is really really really nice!)If you're planning to be a big roller, stay on the strip.  If you want to just do Vegas cheap and still have a good time, do Station Casinos!!!Oh, and they have the best Chinese food restaurant inside the casino!  It's 5 stars all the way...
2	We had booked a room @ TI but decided to go w/ Palace Station because it was cheaper and in a central location. I really wish we would've just kept our previous reservations. The staff was less than friendly (especially when checking in). They also take another $100 when you get there in case you "trash the room. They give it back to you when you check out, but until then be prepared to be out $100. Plus they keep their ridiculous $13.something-a-night "amenity fee" to use the pool, get shuttle service, etc. And if you use none of these, tough crap.Anyhow, we had courtyard rooms & had to walk what felt like forever to get to our room. We were right by the pool and because of it we ended up w/ crickets & ants in our bathroom. The shower space was ridiculous & you cannot comfortable turn around. I'm not sure about some of you, but I like to soap thoroughly and these were NOT the showers to do it in. Not to mention when I went to get a shower, I almost fell because the tile on the shower floor is kind of slippery when wet. The bedspread smelled like it hadn't been properly washed from the previous user, it smelled horribly of perfume. I'm definitely not eager to stay here again anytime soon. If the tower suites are better, I'd give it another try...but again, not any time soon.
1	WORST. HOTEL. EVER.    I don't know if the tower rooms are any better than the courtyard (where we stayed), but the whole experience we had here was awful, from beginning to end:1)  The "resort fee" literally cost us more than the room itself2)  They sell you non-refundable breakfast buffet coupons then don't tell you all the terms and restrictions so you end up wasting your money3)  Their "complimentary internet" is sporatic and unstable4)  The rooms are cramped and there are no bed options bigger than double5)  If you are over 5' 5", you will have to crouch or sit down on the floor of the shower fit to under it....or you will only get clean from the waist down.6)  The management and staff are the smarmiest, nastiest samples of humanity you'll ever find.  Watch out for the tall blond manager.  I swear he was one of those creepy evil smiley guys that eat your soul (while grinning from ear to hear with pure hatred) from that episode of "Buffy."
3	You know how you get those survey thingys online after a visit or a stay somewhere? Well, I got one of those in my inbox a couple of weeks ago. "Another place to bitch, other than Yelp & Facebook?!? Why not!". So, I filled it out. I got an e-mail apologizing for such a crappy stay & an offer for a tower suite. Not to mention, after complaining on their Facebook page as well, they responded right away saying how sorry they were & would look into it, etc. I'm SO not used to a facility, company, organization, etc. caring so much about their services. I honestly did not expect to get any sort of response what-so-ever, so the fact that I did (twice!!) totally earns Palace another star. I wish I could give half stars, because I think they deserve more than 3, but not yet a 4. I will be using my free room when I go back in Sept for my bachelorette party...whooo!!
3	I've been to the Palace Station lunch buffet twice. Once for dinner and once for lunch. One of these times was actually 4th of July where'd you think there would be bbq but alas no.There are a fair amount of people that go to this buffet and you do have to wait some time to get in. I think the line is attributed to the fact that the buffet is not that expensive. You also get a discount if your a station casinos card holder.Honestly you eat what you pay for. Not that expensive buffet price = mediocre food.They have an omelette station, a ham and turkey carving station, typical breakfast foods for brunch (eggs, bacon, sausage), Mexcan food (rice, beans, tacos), American food (pizza, fried chicken, mashed potatoes) and a dessert station (typical pies, cakes). Out of the breakfast items for brunch, I liked the Eggs Benedict. They actually presented this pretty well with a cute little tomato on top of the egg and the muffin. I liked the desserts too. They had mini pecan bar and lemon bars. They also had a fair selection of non-fat yogurts. I liked the pecan non-fat yogurt the best.All in all, ok buffet. Would I go back? Maybe. Would I choose these over other Vegas bufffets? No,Mediocre is the perfect one word description of this place.
1	We all should know by now that the Palace Station is not a Palace! So I stayed here for the cheap room rate I was expecting----- I saw on the Internet where you could stay for $28.00 for a night. What I didn't see was that in the upper right hand corner of the screen, there is an additional $14.99 tagged onto the room rate for some dumb*ss services that no one would more than likely use... Like free admission to the swimming pool! Notary service! (Notary!!!!) --- This is the Palace Station! People don't come here to do business, they come here to gamble, sleep, eat and limp around the joint... So here I come thinking I'm paying $28.00 for a night---- "No Sir! If you read the screen closely, you would see where the $14.99 is mandatory and for all the benefits listed on that poster over there(pointed to advertising panel),.... Umph*! I guess I'm stuck paying with tax over $58.00 when it was all said and done...$#!@!%$#%#$#@!@ "NEVER AGAIN!" I told the woman behind the counter... as I checked in.... "Good Luck staying in business in this economy!" I have Diamond level with Hilton, and I could have had a room with a full buffet breakfast for around $40.00 total during the week days... Soooo Pi*sed! OK... So I was duped.... The room at the Palace were the Courtyard rooms, not the tower. The room is about the size of a standard Motel 6 but skankier looking and smelling a bit like urine...ewwe! The shower is short for tall people above say 5'8" . You'd need to stoop to get your hair wet. And the soaps are so thin and sad. The towels----well, don't get too wet, or you might not have enough towel to dry yourself off with one towel.... To sum up this fiasco: For the money $58.00, most can more than likely stay in a more generous room elsewhere, and you might even get a decent breakfast with that!
1	I paid $21 dollars for the room online.  And I got here and they said there was a mandatory $17.46 fee for the internet service, pool, and notary services.Straight up--they advertise half their price and then FORCE you to pay more at the register.  I stayed behind and three out of the four people behind me were stunned at the additional charge.The city needs to fix this scamming hotel.I was told 21 dollars, not 38 for my room.  Scammers.Never again.
4	This review is for the tower hotel only. Unfortunately, I did not go to any buffets or to the courtyard rooms here. The casino/building itself looks like all other "plain" hotels on the strip, with it's slot machines and bland surroundings coupled with all the fun noises that make you think people are winning tons of money. Anyway, the room itself was small, but clean and with a great view of the strip. The bathroom was clean looking as well and a good size, especially for the price of the room. I took a star away because I asked for more towels and the front desk claimed they would be there in 10 minutes. They never came.  Also, I took away another star because it was a small, nice ordinary looking room. Great place to stay for a night or two, but nothing special considering all the other great hotels on the strip. It's a good deal for the price though if you're on a budget and on the prowl for a slot machine or bingo as well as to see where OJ Simpson's last stand was before finally being convicted of robbery and sent off to prison....****after staying here for three nights, I had to upgrade my star to four.   Although we once ordered room service and the lady put me on hold for a LONG TIME, hung up on me, and then claimed that mixers included "water" (what, is water a mixer?) as well as pineapple, cranberry, apple ,cranberry (um...you mentioned that already), the items came quite quickly and was reasonably priced considering it was room service.  Receptionist was friendly and the hotel had a Subway and Starbucks as well as a gift shop with alcohol, toothbrushes, snacks, etc.  I took a stroll by the courtyard and realized how lucky I was to have been able to book the Tower for a reasonable price.  The Courtyard room hallways are dirty and gross looking as well as crowded and numerous.  Please, please book a Tower room!  A $10 difference is not worth it to miss out on the luxury of a Tower room!  Also, I ordered room service at 4am in the morning cause I was HUNGRY! I expected it to come in about an hour, but it came in about half an hour.  Everything I wanted and hoped for was included and it was pretty darn good (okay, I admit I was a little tipsy at this point).  Although the "waitress" on the room service line is touch and go, the food comes pretty quickly and includes everything you ask for.  In addition, they have express checkout!  Unfortunately, it's only between the hours of 6am-1:30pm.
2	The hotel isn't bad considering it's catering to the more mature audience.  The only thing that somewhat upsets me is that the price of the rooms are misleading.  You better read the fine print when reserving a room here because they might not inform you about the $14.95 per night surcharge.  Me and my friends wanted to find a fairly inexpensive hotel and when we booked online on expedia, the rooms were only $42/night.  But when we got there, we were informed of the ridiculous surcharge.  I can understand if it was something like $5.00 or something but $14.95?? If it was still summer time when we can at least use their ugly pool, i can also at least understand that.  I mean, even the GOLD COAST which is much more decent than Palace Station has a surcharge of only $3.00!  Okay, live and learn i guess.  Well, at least whoever is reading this could use the heads up, right? :)
5	The buffet rates are affordable, reasonable and probably, the cheapest you can find on a Sunday. The choices for their lunch menu were outstanding. They were able to accommodate a party of ten with a high chair, so its customers all range in age, gender, marital status and possibly a good mix of locals as well as visitors. The buffet was clean, organized and appealing. I highly recommend this place if you are looking to stretch the mighty dollar. Do yourself a favor, and come to experience this buffet for the average family, or the lovely couples.
2	This place is ridiculously scandalous. I booked a room for like 25 bucks then paid 17 for the resort fee cool with that. Its FRI. Then when I went to log onto the net they wanted 7 bucks more to get HIGH SPEED. It literally took me 5 mins to get on the YAHOO page which reminds me of 1999 when I first experimented with the NET. They also did not want to give me my free buffet I had to fight and scratch to get my ticket which was cool since it was BRUNCH and I got mimosas which they served in a plastic cup hahah!I went to get copies done part of the resort fee but they copied it on scratch paper which had some junk on it. This place is JANKY to say the least. I did not even get the KING I requested and they stilled tried to pull crap on me after sticking me in some stinky room. The bathroom amenities were kinda cool. That is the only upside.
1	I will never stay at this property again. My room smelled very badly. We had to ask for towels because no one came to the room. I paid for my room in advance. When I arrived the hotel placed a hold on my card without my consent. When I arrived home they had charged an amenities fee to my card. I called to question them about it. They could not explain why it was being assessed. I would rather stay downtown than ever stay at this property again.
4	The stars are for the hotel. Buffet sucks, and no luck with the casino.I booked my room online for 14 bucks, and resort fee was another 14$. The front desk was very kind, and gave a complimentary room upgrade, his reason was not many people checked in, and we were lovely people :)The room was gorgeous! Everything was clean, quiet and peaceful. I liked how we had wifi and shuttle to the strip apart of the amenities. Would definitely get a room there again, but go somewhere else to eat and hang out.
3	It was okay. For the price (around 49,99 a night) it was well within expectations. The downside: it's a bit far from the heart of The Strip, so you'll either have to cab it, drive it, or shuttle it to get to the Strip (really, it's a mile or so away but it seems far if you're trying to get your party on). The room was very nice and the maids cleaned it very well. The room didn't have ESPN or HBO like the other hotels so that was also a bummer. The bathroom didn't have a vent so that was a little bothersome. The room also didn't have any open windows so it felt a little stuffy. But overall, it was a decent hotel.
1	Careful !  They tack on an extra $17 per night for a bogus "service fee".  If have very little tolerance for deception.  This place was deceptive.
2	This review is for the Buffet only and NOT for the Casino or Hotel Facilities: Without getting into great detail I'll just sum this buffet up as "PEDESTRIAN" which isnt bad if you like mainstream. Its not the worst I've seen (Terribles Primm Valley).On the good side:1. The staff was very freindly including the chefs asking if everything was ok and if I needed anything to just ask .2. The food they had that I tried was good = Fried fish, collard greens, Italian sausage in tomatoe sauce wt veg,, Tortilla pie.3. A nice looking carving station, though I didnt try any.4. A Stuffed Potato station wt BACON & sauted Onions...BAAAA-CON. lol---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------On the flip side:- No tartar or cocktail sauce for the fish in sight.- The booth I was sitting in was uncomfortably tight, even under the table  there were these poles I kept hitting my legs on.- The deserts were just set out and there was nothing otherwise to keep them cool & as a result the Coconut Cream pie was room temp and not dazzling at all.- And other minor weirdness like the set up of the buffet wt the potato salad being wt the jello and fruit and not on the other side wt the salad bar stuff. - The Price $10.88 for what was offered was kind of high in comparison to other buffets in the area. (Though I was told if I went downstairs & signed up for the Club Card I could get $3 off. This was very nice for them to offer and I passed only because I was hungry and had not eaten much of anything all day.)---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Overall I'd say if you were like me -in the area and hungry and not in the mood to play around - Go. However, in the future I'll be sticking wt Buffet of Asia up the road wt the Killer sushi bar & The Main Street Station Casino Dwntwn (Not affilliated wt any of these "Station" casinos.
1	Reviewing just the casino. And that's quite enough. Researching my trip to death, a common theme was to check out "the places where the locals go". Promises of loose slots, friendlier dealers, food deals, lower table minimums, etc. Mrs. H. and I were just driving around, took the left off of LVB onto Sahara, and bumped into Palace Station. Me: "Oh yeah!....,these are the joints I've been hearing about! These are the hidden gems that the locals go to!".Mrs. H: "ummmmm...ok"The breakdown: Stinky and smelly. Hard to imagine eating there, so it went no further than my imagination. There's signs everywhere for Louie Anderson. I just want to write him, give him 5 or 10 bucks, and tell him that I know things aren't great right now, but you don't need the work this bad...stay out of this place, Louie! Dealers had kinda pissy attitudes, largely due to a couple of players that were probably forced to leave the shelter in the daytime because that's when you're supposed to be looking for jobs. My luck, my mood, and the dealer's moods, seemed to be affected by this. Meantime, Mrs. H. was working her slot magic and stayed sort of even, but I don't know if this means we can vouch for loose slots or not. I can, however, vouch for the odor of mildewy, paneled, shag carpeted, nicotine stained rec room, though. We went along on our way, back onto Sahara, then further south, where we found my new love, the Silverton Lodge. That's another review. But for now, happy friggin trails, Palace Station.
2	Palace Station is like the worse version of Imperial Palace and I mean this seriously. The rooms are even cheaper than Imperial Palace and let me tell you ... it's for a reason. Rules of Palace Station:1) don't take off your shoes2) wear sandals in the shower3) don't lean against the walls4) wear lots of clothes to bed and don't cover your face with the blanketI ended up with a nice chin rash from my blanket. blech, I wonder how.The rooms aren't nice, the casino is dirty, I don't particularly enjoy it here and it's literally if you have absolutely nowhere else to go and don't want to spend any amount of money that you should even consider this place. But you should probably check Imperial first.
4	Look, if you're looking for an uber fancy "Wynn type" resort, this is not your spot.  If you're looking for comfortable beds, clean rooms and friendly staff? You found your place.It is more of a locals hang out.  It has it's up's and downs like any place.  But overall, as long as you stay in the Tower, the rooms are decent for the price & the place is nice.  It's not a huge casino, so you don't end up lost for hours trying to find your bank of elevators.  The food is good and decently priced.  The table dealers are all friendly and talkative, unlike those on the strip.  The smoking can be out of control but it's that way in most casino's.  Jack's Irish Pub is a great place to just go and hang out when you've had enough of the casino itself.  When I lived in Vegas, this is where I played.  Now when I visit, this is where I stay.   The only downside is that you do have to either rent a car or taxi if you want to leave.  They do shuttle to the Strip but being an ex-local, I avoid the Strip at all costs, so it doesn't bother me much.
3	Palace station is just a hop to the strip. Staying on the strip comes with a premium price that will make you wish you had plane tickets to go home sooner. I always stay in the tower rooms at palace station, and they are pretty nice for the price. The non-tower rooms I have heard are not as nice. Palace station was voted #1 by people who live in Vegas for a reason. It doesn't have that "cram down your throat" attitude you get out on the strip.
5	i am shocked to see the low stars and bad reviews!this place is great!i have been really bad about taking time to review places but i am putting that to an end now :)i have never stayed in the older courtyard rooms ( i understand them to be kind of icky and old) BUT i have stayed several times in the luxury tower rooms.the rooms in the tower are VERY clean and VERY modern.these rooms are beyond a great value!i have NEVER had an issue with cleanliness at the hotel...ever.housekeeping is great and very accommodating.the gals at the front desk are extremely kind and very helpful. the staff in general has been extremely impressive aside from one person.the breakfast buffet is absolutely delicious and a tremendous deal.my husband likes to stay here specifically for the reason he can wake up and stumble down to his favorite breakfast buffet lol.with our players card we pay $4.99 for the buffet and we have often received a complimentary buffet breakfast with our room price.the new cafe is delicious and another tremendous value!again, i am not sure why the other reviews have been so awful but this place is amazing.we always stay here for the first night of a longer stay in vegas at other larger resort type hotels.we always stay at the luxury resort hotels on the strip on our vacations and do this about 3-4 times per year but we ALWAYS stay the first night at palace station because we just love it.if this hotel were a larger property with more activities other than gambling we would consider staying through our entire trip.this says a lot considering the caliber of hotels we are used to staying at.i highly recommend anyone stay here if you book a luxury tower suite.the luxury tower suite runs us on average $28.00 per night when we book in advance which in my opinion is a ridiculously great deal!
3	Meh. I was really excited that I booked a deal for two people for $195 (4 nights, plus airfare). I knew that they included a daily fee about $16 for every night but at the time i felt it was worth it because the fee included shuttle transportation to and from the strip and the airport and free internet connection. Upon arriving, it was okay. Room was small, big enough to fit two double beds. Your typical hotel bed sheets, but the bathroom was pretty nice. The title was a cheaper version of marble, but was clean, and that's all that mattered. Sure, it's not like MGM or anything, but you get what you pay for. Later, I realized that maybe I didn't get the best deal...I should have called in to check in WHAT TIMES the shuttles arrived. They run every 90 mins or so, and only depart and arrive to the fashion show mall. The first day we missed it by 5 minutes going back, and had to taxi back...which was about $13, arriving the same time as the shuttle. My friend and I realized that the shuttle was not worth it, and if you are going to use it, you must plan out our schedules accordingly. Plus, you must be willing to walk from the Fashion show mall if you want to go to the beginning of the strip...The shuttle ends at 11pm, so its a no-go if you want to go clubbing or stay out. Taxing is ridiculous now that gas prices have sky rocketed. From NYNY/MGM back to the hotel is about $16 ONE WAY. We did that almost everyday staying out at night. The restaurants in the hotel were....not the best. AVOID! I didn't try the buffet, but the prices were cheap. Overall, since we didn't stay in our hotel room that much, I don't mind our room, as long as it was clean and accessible to the casino/food/lobby (which was). The bell desk guys were super nice. They helped us find a pho restaurant on the strip, recommended places to go to, called in other hotels to put us on the VIP list for clubs, and even printed out my boarding pass for me. Would not recommend staying here--despite the cheap prices. Note that they charge a daily service fee for each night you stay on top. Shuttle transportation is great--only if you plan on walking long ways or taxing along the strip during the day. As a result, next time I am booking a hotel ON the middle of the strip!! Only wished that the shuttle ran every 30 mins or something. Otherwise I would give it one more star.
1	Booked through priceline "name your own price". Palace Station supposedly matched my stated price, only to add $16 mandatory fees for stuff I didn't want or need. Completely defeats the purpose of pricematching, and is unfair to hotels who deal honestly with the system.
1	We were given a room at the courtyard section.  Big mistake I guess the amount you pay for is what you get.  My family and I experieced bug bites for the past two nights. Noticed one bite the first night but on the second night we all noticed more bites on are face and body.  Informed the front desk and this had to be reported to security.  They took along time. Would not stay there again.
4	There were many mixed reviews on Palace Station. We were hesitant to book there because it was off the strip, but gosh the price was right.We were upgraded to a tower room upon arrival which was lovely. People complain a lot about the resort fees, but seriously, if you book through a travel website, it tells you these things. Read the fine print and don't whine about stuff.Our room was spacious and contemporary. The tv was a nice size flat panel tv which swiveled.  The beds were decent and the bathroom was nice and spacious. They also have the nice shower curtain that bows out.We received excellent service and the Grand Cafe downstairs and ate three meals there because of it. The prices on food are decent and they even serve Naked brand oj. The dessert case outside of the cafe has excellent price on some delicious treats. The NY cheese cake was to due for and only $2.50 a (huge) slice!The buffet we only ate once, for breakfast. It was decent. They did have a ham carving station and an omelet station. The bananas we got were sort of gross, but you can't win them all. Fat free frozen yogurt and hot fudge for the win though.The casino was alright. We aren't big on gambling though. I played slots for a few hours and was neither under or over whelmed. It seems targeted more towards locals and the older crowd, but we didn't mind. We're in our late 20's but not big on the partying hard scene anyway. Our room was always neatly cleaned and towels and toiletries were always replenished. None of our personal item were moved around and the room smelled nice  and was comfortable and clean.The shuttle conveniently takes you to the strip and airport, just get there early because it leaves RIGHT on time. They show up 10minutes before the pick up time, load and then go right at the pick up time.Overall, out stay was really good. We enjoyed the room, the workout room, pool, restaurants and casino. It was a nice stay.Thanks Palace Station.
1	I walked into my Courtyard room to find a maxi pad stuck to the wall, it was removed by housekeeping. I pulled back the bed covers to find hair in my bed and asked for a new room. I was upgraded to a very dirty suite with a toilet that had been used and not flushed, complete with pubic hair on the toilet seat. I was there for a conference and did not have time after the last incident to change hotels but I checked out after lunch and though I pressed for and was told I was getting a full refund, I did not. Run away as fast as you can! There are photos of how bad it is on my Facebook and I will be posting another YouTube video about the experience as well. Save your money and stay as far away from this place as possible!
3	Just came back from Vegas where I stayed at the Palace Station for three nights during a convention.Overall I can say it was a good experience. After reading reviews here I opted to get a room in the tower. I think that was a wise choice after seeing some pics that some fellow convention goers posted of their courtyard rooms. My tower room as clean, modern and spacious. No complaints.Not much to choose from as far as bars or restaurants in the hotel. I was happy to see they had a Starbucks and a Subway. Most of my meals were spent at the Grand Cafe a 24 hour diner with cheap eats. It was fair dining. The lobby is a bit run down and the casino itself...smokey but hey...I was there for a convention so  didn't spend much time in either. I actually had time to enjoy the pool area to which they have two sections...a north and south pool. I guess my only complaint is they need to be better labeled. When calling for some pool side drinks I was asked which I was at....ugh...I have no idea. How about either labeling the pool area, menu that is posted next to the phone or hey....getting caller ID so you know which pool people are calling from. In the end I'd have no problem staying here if there was another convention I was attending in the hotel.
4	The first time my friends took me to PALACE STATION, I couldn't help but say "Eww.. Gross", but after discovering the loose slots and its OYSTER BAR, I fell in love with this place.ROOMS:  Make sure you ask for the TOWER.  They are much newer, cleaner.  They also have rooms at the courtyard, but those rooms looks and smell very old.  The worst part is that it's only 2 story and they don't have elevators!  (Well... at least I couldn't find it...)CASINO:  I love it here!  I am not a gambler.  I love their penny slots and lower limit tables.  I can sit there for hours for a few hundred bucks.  I normally have better luck at the slots at this casino too.FOOD:  Gotta try their OYSTER BAR.  It's super good.  I would never leave Vegas without getting my favorite combo roast at the oyster bar.  Yum!OVERALL:  It's not a fancy hotel/casino.  Definitely don't come and stay at this casino if you are high maintenance.  Since I love to travel/play on low budget, I have the winner's club awards card and get free/discounted room at the hotel... So... no complaints here.
3	Probably the most basic of all the Station properties with the Oyster Bar being the best reason to come here. The steak restaurant is a pretty decent deal for lunch too. Cheap rooms, gambling, buffet, drinks etc. I dislike the fluorescent lighting in the poker room. It makes me feel like I am in a high school biology class. I do like the sports bettors parking spots which gives action junkies a close place to park to put in their bets.This isn't a bad place if you're on a budget and have a vehicle but I would still opt for Fremont St if I were here on an el cheapo trip to LV.
2	I was in vegas for a convention, and stayed here for three nights. Let me just tell you, you get what you pay for, except you get a little bit less.I tried have an open mind when I came here, but started hating this place when I couldn't sleep all night long! I could hear the people on top floor and could hear everything that was going on in the hallway, and because it's Vegas, there was always activity in the hallway all night long! It was so bad, that I had to make ear plugs from toilet paper! The next two nights I left the bathroom and the room fan running all night long for white noise effect- it helped. The best thing about this place is oyster bar!Would not stay here again, but will come back to eat at the oyster bar.
2	Overall, our experience here was just ok, but there were a few negatives that tainted our visit. There were children EVERYWHERE, which I think is completely inappropriate for Vegas. Our hotel room was supposed to overlook the pool, but instead, overlooked a construction fence. The pool pictured online was a lot bigger than it was in person, but the complementary towels were a nice touch. The housekeeping staff kept up nicely with our room, however, we found SEVERAL roaches in our bathroom. When i killed one, and brought it to the front desk to show the staff, I was greeted with animosity and hostility as if I was bothereing them. There were a few add-on fees that were not explained when we booked at this hotel. There was a complementary shuttle to the Strip, which was nice, but the drivers were bonkers, insulting the passengers. The in-house buffet was good, but very heavy in the fried chicken and collard greens category. I would NOT stay here again.
2	Some places get old and they become landmarks. Others get old and they just look run down and there's a kind of dirty feeling you get when you're there. For me, Palace Station is somewhere in between the 2, leaning more towards the latter though I'm sorry to say. It's definitely not fancy or glamorous but it's affordable (from what I've heard), there's some decent food places (I heard the seafood bar is supposed to be good) and there's lower minimum table games. On the strip and even downtown, it's getting harder and harder to find a $5 21 table on the weekends. I'm wondering when Station Casinos is going to let go of this property and build a resort that has something to offer - that draws people in because the current property doesn't have much in that way in my opinion.
4	The Cafe in the Palace Station has the most enormous, delicious sandwiches and burgers.
3	This casino isn't one of my favorites. It's just a little off the strip and it does have one $5 paigow table. I usually like to just sit and enjoy playing a few hands while enjoying a nice cold corona. Thing is, if this $5 table is full, not much I can really do but sit around and wait. This casino doesn't have paigow insurance either and I usually like to play that as my hands are always bad.Anyways this casino is also a bit small, but OK looking. Still seems a bit old fashioned and I'm not to much of a fan of old fashioned looking casinos. We did come here a few times with no disappointment to me. Besides them taking my money (which all casinos do) it was still a pleasurable experience. But I'd much rather play at another casino. I can't really rate about how nice and clean their rooms are as I've never even stayed here, but just based on my few times here it only deserves and OK rating.
2	I would give this hotel a 2.5 stars if I could. The rooms are not bad given the price you pay for. However, this place is just so far from everything else. I visited over Fourth of July weekend, and it was 100+ degrees every day. Since Palace Station is not on the Strip, you can't take the bus to and from the hotel. There's no public transportation, and you'd have to take a cab every time you go out on the town. They do have free shuttle service to a shopping center (still not on the Strip, and you'll have to switch to the bus from there), but it doesn't run very often. I've learned my lesson and now know: 1, pick my vacation destination with consideration of the local weather (aka, perhaps July is not the best time to visit Vegas, particularly if you stay at a hotel that's far from everything else); and 2, choose accommodation not only based on the price (if it's far from your daily activities, sometimes you end up paying even more for transportation costs than if you just pay for a slightly costlier hotel that's more centrally located and from where you can walk to where you'll be during the day). Plus, cab fare in Vegas is ridiculously high (and I'm saying this coming from DC where the cost of living is generally high). It was definitely not worth it to be frugal with the hotel and then wind up spending more on cab fares (not to mention the time wasted). Once we decided to save the money (and not spend $50 every day on taxis, and walk back at night (thought the heat wouldn't be that bad by then) to the hotel from the intersection of the boulevard and West Sahara Avenue. I'm an avid walker who normally likes to walk, and the walk itself only took no more than 30 minutes. However, even though it was past 9pm, the temperature was still uncomfortably high, and I almost fainted on our way because of the heat and dehydration. Thankfully we made it to Landry's (the seafood restaurant across from Palace Station) shortly after I began to feel lightheaded. I believe Palace Station caters more to Vegas locals (not for tourists who usually stay in the enclave on the Strip), and we probably made the wrong decision staying there when we ignored every factor other than the price (I've learned my lesson and will take a more holistic view next time when planning trips). Nonetheless, the location was still not the thing that bugged me most (it was our fault choosing to stay there, not the hotel's, and we could've and should've done our research better prior to arriving). When we checked in on Friday night the receptionist took my debit card number and told me there will be a $16.79 service charge per night if we used the room services. We were careful not to use any service (didn't even use the wifi, watch TV, and hesitated to take the shuttle until the last day). Still, when we checked out on Monday early morning, my card was charged $50.37 for "room service fee." I noticed this on my bill but didn't have time to inquire right on the spot because our taxi was waiting outside to take us to the airport. I thought it'd be easy to just go and call to ask later. When I got back home I called them and was transferred to their account department. Even though it was during their business hours, no one answered the phone and I left a voicemail detailing my question and asking them to call me at the number I gave. I never received a call back or got a refund. I'm pretty sure they said I would be charged only if we used the services, which we didn't. It's just annoying (and I hate companies who do this) having to pay some nitty extra fees not already included in your booking. In addition, they were all along ambiguous about this "service charge," and I'm left alone wishing we had gone to a different place.
5	Great place to play and drink for cheap.  Play the Tie Bet Black Jack to make some money!!!  I haven't stayed here but they do comp rooms and food easy.
4	Get the pan fry....the combo pan fry!!!!  It is worth the wait trust me....
4	I m sure most of you read my super angry post about IP by now. So I think its only right when a place does me good, I should reward them with a decent review. Crash rooms (super cheap rooms for a night) in Vegas are hit and miss. Most of the times because of the super cheap price, its usually a miss-TAKE. In this case we were pleasantly surprised with a room which happened satisfied all of our needs for a crash room, and we only had to pay $15 a night for it.I found this deal through slickdeals.com, and they were having a FREE room special. Except they needed to charge you this $15 random fee. Either ways it was no loss to me, $15 is still cheaper then the next cheapest room which is IP at around $30. And I am NEVER staying there again.  We got in late afternoon on a Wednesday after a long drive. The casino was not hard to find at all off of Sahara Ave. Its tucked away on the other side of 15, but the signs are very obvious. The parking was not an issue. For the first time ever I was able to park in front of a casino like I was going to 7-11 to run some errands. This was kind of nice when moving our luggage. Oh get this, once you walk in the front door you can check IN! How about that? Most casinos make you go through tons of mazes since you are not valeting through the actual front entrance. So I was able to check in quickly with my "free special". Didn't get any complaints or weird looks from the receptionist at all. They even gave me 4 keys for our 3rd illegal immigrant roommate as well. Getting to our actual room was a breeze. Elevators are next to receptionists that are next to the parking area. This makes for the perfect crash room! Now we gotta inspect the actual room itself. We didn't make any special requests, so they put us in this 5th floor room. We opened the door and we were amazed that they had some pretty sweet renovated decor. Flat screen TV! That is a luxury now days at crash rooms. The bathroom tiles were all nicely done with a glass shower. Everything you can imagine in a 4 star joint is here except for the dual sink, and bathroom TV.  I even asked for extra towels and they brought it up within 20 minutes. I had issues getting room service like that at the freaking ENCORE. Later on that day they followed up with a phone call to make sure I got my extra towels as well. How sweet!I really having nothing but nice things to say about this place. I will definitely go out of my way to book  here for a crash room whenever I can. Just like their promo, they do really LOVE their locals. Even if I am only a honorary local for now.
4	I stayed here for my birthday weekend.  I received a great rate of $29 a night. The room was in the courtyard. Upon arrival I asked for birthday freebies. The clerk upgraded me to the tower suite. The room was great. The bed was comfortable, big flat screen tv, bathroom was huge with two sinks. One inside the bathroom. The other right outside the door. I didn't spend anytime in their casino or restaurants. I most definitely would stay again.
1	If they tell you that you are staying in the "courtyard" runaway screaming!!!!!!! It was the most disgusting hotel I have ever stayed at.  We checked in late in the evening so there was no option to change hotels that night, I slept on top of the covers with towels laid on them. We got up at 6AM and ran as fast as we could. Station Casinos should be embarrassed to call this part of their group..
4	I stay here as much as I can for my trips to Vegas.  It's not on the strip but its about a mile away. Nothing bad. Tower rooms are really nice and are priced a lot cheaper then what you would get on the strip for that price. Other then being off the main strip its still a great Vegas expericence.
2	Well first I book online to get the best deal in Vegas.Then upon completion, to check in they asked for mandatory 16 bucks for each night to use their amenities, internet,swimming pool gym.I think it's kinda rip off, since they know most people coming are just using the room to shower and sleep, most of the time visitors are out on the strip seeing the city not spending time on internet,swimming pool or gym, otherwise they'll stay home.Then room are look a like clean, vents are dusty, conditions of curtain are dirty, and dusty, just because they look nice from far, but when touching them to open curtain, then your hands get the dust.Overall, when asking for information to front desk or concierge, they put you on hold for like 10 mins. Not really recommended unless you have other choice and pay a little more, for better service and room.
1	Be careful about booking the  "courtyard". You might as well book at the Motel 8. Most of these rooms face the parking lot and the freeway. There were many other hotels with decent prices that I wish I would have booked. For the "MOTEL 8 " ATMOSPHERE we could have a had our pick of other hotels for the same price with nicer rooms. Most Importantly if your looking for a bargain the hidden fees at this hotel bump up the price quite a bit making much nicer hotel in Vegas the same price. There is a 16.00 dollar A NIGHT HOTEL SERVICE FEE  that when added to the price of the room, could be applied to a better hotel in Vegas. Also, management did nothing about complaints. TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE. Lastly, pictures of the rooms on the website our not at all what the really look like.
3	We stayed here for the night for the wife's Birthday. Which is decent place to stay. It wouldn't be my first choice, if I was ever to have a stay-cation but it is a nice place. It has a nice look on the outside, as well as inside. Located off the freeway and Sahara, Palace station is one of many Station Casinos surrounding Las Vegas. Upon arriving, it was a bit confusing cause we weren't sure where the garage was or if they had one. But we did find it in the back after a confusing way to get there. Upon check in, it wasn't busy as I thought it would be at 3pm. Then again it was on a weekday, so it wasn't as busy. We did get a petite suite, which was kind of nice, till we walked around. It was roomy, and the color scheme seems nice. I did like the window view, which goes out a little like a half cylinder. What I didn't like was the the desk and Internet connection was no where near each other. The Internet connection is on one side of the room, next to the big TV, but the desk is on the opposite side. Unfortunately the connection and wire length of both Internet and my computer isn't long enough to make it to the desk. In other words, we used our bed as the laptops platform. Other than that, I did like the bed and the petite suite was roomy. A decent place to stay in. After settling in our room, we decided to go to Broilers steak house. I have a thing for steaks, and we have been here before. First time around seems good, but this time around, wasn't as satisfying as the first. I notice they did change a little bit but still same menu. As usual, I had my prawns. They were very good to start with. The fillet Mignon was a bit unsatisfactory. Even though I did order it medium, it was a more on the red side. I still ate it, but wasn't as happy as the first. We did go gambling, and I prefer craps to gamble. The dealers were not as social or entertaining at first. But once you start betting for them, they come alive and become more sociable. As for me, I'm more of a person who feels comfortable to go on a craps table. But having dealers not interacting as much on craps, seems a bit intimidating to try it. But after a while, they come around in a way. Even though I did lose my money, it was kind of fun in the end. After a goodnight sleep, we went to Grand Cafe for breakfast. Even though the waitress was friendly, wasn't really happy with the fact of her assumption, that the wife is speaking for the both of us. The wife wanted coffee so the waitress assume that I wanted coffee and poured me a cup. I'm not a coffee person, cause I'm lactose intolerant so I can't have dairy or cream in my system. But drank it anyways. since its already poured and didn't want to let it waste. I was able to order a breakfast skillet, which was decent. Even though, I know it was morning, and it wasn't as busy. So I wasn't sure why the waitress was taking her time in the back, when waiting for a refill Overall, Palace station is a decent place to lay your head. Gambling wise, don't expect much when it comes to interacting. Not unless you do something first. Food wise, it was decent and edible. Grand Cafe has its ups and downs, but an "OK" rating.
1	I am writing this review in the interest of public health and safety. My partner and I stayed at Palace Station in a courtyard room back in June 2011 for one night. The room was as expected given the nightly rate. What we didn't expect was to wake up with bug bites. Bed bug bites to be exact. The bugs traveled home with us and have been driving us crazy ever since. I urge all to use caution when staying at this hotel. If you choose to stay avoid the courtyard rooms and check the beds and sheets before climbing in. Do not leave your suitcase on the bed or floor because the bed bugs will climb in and terriorize you when you return home. I did enjoy the casino and buffet.
1	Reserved and stayed here last weekend, Sept. 23-25.  The rooms they put us in were in the "Courtyard" area in the back of the hotel.This was, bar none, one of the absolute worst dumps I have had the pleasure of staying at, anywhere in Las Vegas.  I was coming from Harrah's, and was very disgusted when I saw this place.The "Courtyard" rooms are nothing more than a modified "Motel 6" or "Super 8" type buildings.  This is a very old structure, which is musty, and is many years old.  It is a two-story building with no elevator; only stairs, so be warned if you have lots of bags.  It was like they took an old Motel, and moved it in back of the Palace Station tower.  It just did not belong there.Upon arrival, both rooms that I had reserved did not have functioning Internet access.  One of the rooms had a very strong "medicine" type odor.  The second room smelled very musty, and like it was a former smokers room.  I had requested non-smoking.  The carpet was worn, and also had several stains on it.The front desk was told to change both rooms, at my request as they were unacceptable to stay in.   The replacement rooms had working Internet, but were definitely not to the expectations you would find elsewhere in Las Vegas.Even though my reservation was for two nights, the rooms keys for both my rooms were shut off the following day.  My guest and I were locked out of our rooms.  Upon calling the front desk about this problem, their solution was to dispatch their Security guards to make sure we were supposed to be there.  The Palace Station security guards gave us the third degree, and told us we needed to make the long walk back to the front desk to resolve the key problem even though we were not fully ready, or had taken a shower yet.Between the structure, casino/hotel clientele, and condition of this place, I should have known better.   Palace Station is definitely the kind of hotel you would put into the "budget" or "low budget" category.  I have stayed at many Motel 6 and Super 8 type places, and this one is about par, or sub-par with those types of places.
2	DO NOT STAY IN A COURTYARD ROOM!Advertised at $19/night, I took it.  A nice lobby. but waited in line for over 30 minutes to check-in.  VERY slow check-in process...more so than the number of people in line.  Just note: after the resort fees and taxes, it was about $42.  Still a good deal, but not as nice as $19 sounds!Well, I got what I paid for.  The room I was given was some distance away, thru the casino, outside, and to a different building.  The setup was confusing and not well labeled.  The room was a total disappointment.  It was old, smelled like smoke, no better than a motel with an old bed.As for as food, I've heard about the Oyster bar, but didn't try it.  I have on other occasions eaten at the buffet, which has an nice international selection, but truly not good quality.Clearly this a price decision to stay here ever again!  Pick somewhere else!
2	This is my first and last visit to this hotel and casino.  Let me start at the beginning. It is off the strip. Not far but your not going to be wanting to walk.  And driving Las Vegas sucks!We reserved, and paid in advance for the room on the hotels website. When we check in were told there's an additional $16 a day resort fee.  I know all these hotels are doing this crap now but it gets to me.  Just add it on to the price of the room upfront.The layout of the rooms is confusing. The place really shows its age.  Rooms are small.  Clean but small.  The shower is a little corner deal. With a curtain. No tub. So there water everywhere. Reminds me of a locker room.The casino is sad. The people in it look sad.  I don't want to turn into one of the sad people.  I will not be back.
4	This review is for Bingo only.We came here with a group of friends to play the 11pm bingo session.  We chose Palace station on the recommendation of our friends and we were not disappointed.  The room was uncrowded and very low smoke.  The numbers were called at a manageable pace for those of us less experienced bingo players.  Drinks and service were completely standard for all Station properties.  One trip from the cocktail server with two drinks per person.  The pricing is the same as at all other Stations.
3	I came here for a pharmacy conference this past weekend.  I can't say much about the prices of the rooms since my school covered for the cost.  My friends and I stayed in the one of the courtyard rooms and it was fine for me because rooms are just for sleeping anyway, especially if you're in Vegas.  The courtyard rooms are pretty much like the ones you would fine in your standard motel.  Clean but small so it got a little stuffy but after a few minutes of turning on the AC it was fine. It's cheaper because Palace Station is off the strip, so the money you end up saving goes to paying for taxi's unless you're bringing your own car. However, Palace Station does offer free shuttle service to the strip and McCarran airport so try and use that to your advantage.  Just ask the front desk for a list of shuttle times.Overall decent hotel but not too sure that I would stay here again since it's not on the strip!Tip: Must try the Osyter Bar!! http://www.yelp.com/biz/oyster-bar-las-vegas-2#hrid:VvO77AGRTQ-NjLJHTpGmRQ
1	The posted price for the rooms are not the actual price, The hotel charges a Resort fees that is $16.95. When adding up the total fees, the price can be a much as The Holiday Inn. I would bet that the people are a better class. I've never ragged on peoplew but the class at the station was horentious.
4	The Palace Is another MarveloUs station casino where they truly love they're locals and everybody else as well but they hold a special place for us "Las Vegan's". I remember coming to the PS as child with my family after church or what not for brunch....ah, sweet memories. The buffet Is an absolute fave!! The food Is really good with a large variety and the service Is great. Jacks Pub has live music Thur-Sat and a happy hour daily from 3pm-7pm. If you gamble here the perks just keep on coming, they have AweSome bonuses!!!
3	Their are many a bad review on this thing. It makes you wonder which are accurate and which are just individuals who had a bad experience. Well, I'll give the break down of this place.Pros- This place is cheap. We paid $24 for one room with two beds for one night. The only fault with the room was that it smelled like hairspray. It was in the courtyard and was a bit motel-like but it was a nice motel like.  It was very clean. Walking from the main building to the outside building was very odd though. The sheets and spread were which. The walls were a warm brownish color. At least it wasn't like the tacky floral print motel sheets.  The bed wasn't the most comfortable but it was nice. It was just a bed. Nothing special.  Not especially soft but not sleeping on brick either.- The buffet in the hotel was good. Now, buffets are almost always terrible. This one didn't have the widest variety of food of all the buffets, but their food was fully cooked, properly heated and very worth the price. Two people cost $17 for the buffet.  The interior of the buffet was nice. There are much nicer buffets in Las Vegas though.- The casino is pretty big. It's probably not the nicest casino in Vegas but it was ok. Very normal. - Shuttles are free. - The service was good. Everyone we encountered was polite.Cons- It isn't on the strip. However it isn't far from the strip. I think its only 2.5 miles or so away from the strip. - The shuttle schedule on its web site is incorrect. -The shuttles don't run often enough-The breakfast at the bakery was over priced and not worth it. It was a 24 hour bakery though.  The chicken sandwich is especially terrible and their specialty pancakes overdose on their ingredients, i.e. the chocolate pancakes had too much chocolate in them. - They took 100$ deposit extra from us at check in. We paid a $2 deposit online to make the reservation. Our bill was $22.00. So, in total we paid $124 and are now being returned the $100 dollars. It isn't unusual for some hotels or rent-a-car places to require an immediate deposit but I feel like it's something companies should put on their and affiliated websites because not all hotels do it. It may be normal for Vegas hotels but it was my first time in Vegas so, they should make it well known. What if someone was trying to take a 250$ budget one day vacation in Vegas just to get away from life, thinking they could get a $24 room and spend the rest on fun not knowing they had to pay $100 down at check in. In any case we paid it and moved on. - The websites DO NOT provide all the information about this place. It's difficult to find pictures of the rooms and other information. If you intend to stay here, call first and ask questions as oppose to looking online alone.Ultimately the pros and the cons balance out. So it's very VERY much a 3 star place simply because this is Vegas. Their are many hotels and so it's competitive. This place isn't bad. I enjoyed my vacation but I wouldn't come back here because there are much better hotels in Vegas which aren't that much more expensive. Also, it's better to stay on the strip.  I thought they would have a good shuttle back and forth but after experiencing them I'd rather be in walking distance.
4	I stayed here for a work related event during the week, Sunday through a Wednesday.  Compared to the Mirage stay several months ago, the Palace Station beat them hands down in room condition, service, cleanliness and overall hospitality.  The only star lacking was for lack of dining opportunities.  Parking was close, the prices in the restaurant and bars I visited were more than reasonable, with a good pour (Irish pub, Mexican, and one other) all comped drinks if you play at the bar - something I did not get on the strip. If you felt the need to go to the strip there were cabs lined up all the time waiting to take you, there were several shuttles as well.  There were strip malls, other dining, and normal every day things along the main street if you wanted to get out for a normal day as well.I will consider staying here instead of the strip on my next trip.
1	Just finished a week in this place...if you can, avoid at all costs! I had to stay due to my attendance at a training and it wasn't feasible to cab it but in retrospect, I should have rented a car and stayed somewhere else...why? Pull up a chair... This place is dirty and sad. The rooms border on gross and the casino is filled with sad old people feeding the machines like rats pushing on that bar so they get a hit of crack. The place is permiated with cigarette smoke and I think there are much better places that are just as cheap to stay when you consider the outlandish "resort" fee.  The resort fee includes the "gym" and the "shuttle". These are in quotes because their names imply that they will be useful, they are not. The gym is laughable and the shuttle schedule is the same. Also, if there are more than 29 people ahead of you waiting for a ride, you lose! Wait for the next one, in an hour or longer or cab it. this place is in the middle of nowhere! The shuttle stop and pick-up is way hell the way down by the Wynn so unless you like to walk, you are going to cab it to get to Bellagio or NYNY. Ok, so you are still reading...either you have to stay there or you just like my writing style, either way...I'm sorry! If you have to stay there, some silver linings. Most of the people who work here are very nice and helpful. A few are FML, but most are not. The food at the Grand Cafe was pretty good...except for the oatmeal and I don't want to talk about it. The food at the oyster bar was also very good and the folks that work there are hilarious. I enjoyed my meal, and the company of the servers, both times I ate there. Stay away from jacks pub unless you like shitty drinks, lousy food and horrible (and not in a good way) karaoke. The gift shop is pretty well stocked and they have a little Starbucks for coffee.  Be sure to check your room before you unpack, I had to change as did several of my classmates. Funky doesn't even cover it! But when I complained, I was treated politely and given a room that was much better, as were my classmates.  The elevators are fast and my second room was quiet with a great view. The food and drink prices are very reasonable and each day my room was cleaned very diligently. It's not the fault of the staff that this place is such a dump and frankly, they deserve to work in a better place.
3	Pros: food was good/cheap. Had all kinds of amenities. Not far from the stripCons:service fees for no reason.rooms not so great.
3	Only stayed here because our reservation at the mirage got messed up. The rooms here were comp'd which was nice, but overall it isn't anything specialThe casino is alright. Didn't seem like very many table games, but mins were $5 most of the time which is a nice thing if you don't want to gamble too much. The casino does seem older so it does have that old cigarette smell to it, but it isn't too bad. Lots of cheap slots, and the casino staff tries to sign you up for a players card. You earn a lot of points fast as they give you 3 points for every $1 you gamble, but no idea how many points you need before anything useful happens. The rooms are nothing special. I think I have slept on more comfortable floors than the beds. The mattress is just like a board almost, and the pillow is like trying to sleep on a rock. It was so uncomfortable that I was only able to get 2 hours of on and off sleepOverall, it might be a nice place to gamble if you are looking for something cheap and off strip, but i would honestly rather be at IP or something on the stripAnother note, when we parked some shady Mexican guy who barely spoke english came up to use trying to sell us booze and peaking in our car
4	Review for tower rooms,  Feast Buffet, and Grand CafeWe stayed here in December 2011.  After reading reviews of the Courtyard rooms (horror stories), we decided to upgrade our room at check-in to the tower rooms for the offered minimun of $20 / night / room.  We were not disappointed.  The rooms were modern, clean, and reasonably well sound-insulated.  The rooms were nicer than at the Anaheim Hilton, where we had been the two nights prior.  We never even saw a Courtyard room, so bad were the reviews.  We ate at the Grand Cafe, and found the food to be fresh, tasty, and well prepared.  We also ate at the Feast Buffet, a good deal on it's own, and even better if you sign up for their player's club.  Very good food for breakfast and lunch- did not try the dinner.  I'd stay there again, no hesitation.  One note, check-in took a while, but I hear that generally in Vegas it takes a while to check in.  We booked our stay through AA.com vacations, and they waived the ~$17/day resort fee- package deal special I guess.  Overall, a good value.
1	Do not stay in the "Courtyard"!!! What a dump! The Courtyard is a small shack located BEHIND the palace station in the parking lot. It's basically a motel 6 with "courtyard" written on it.Paper thin walls you could hear doors slamming and people screaming all night. Even people next door having sex. This woman was moaning so loud I couldn't sleep.Rooms are filthy and totally ghetto. Sink clogged, no water pressure in shower, 3" of dust ontop of everything. Nothing but white trailer trash staying in this place.FEE WARNING- They charge a rip off $17/night "service fee" in addition to the room rate. If you refuse to pay they don't let you check in. What does the "service fee" include... shuttle to the airport and notary. I dipusted this fee with my cc bank.
4	Our first time staying here, we upgraded our rooms to the tower. At  time of check in I mentioned that I was traveling with someone who had never experienced vegas so we were put up in a very clean room on the 18th floor with a great view. We were givin a casino club card (they call it a Boarding pass) and coupons to use during our stay. After a day of playing I checked my points at membership services and with all of the promotions and coupons, I was awarded over $80 in cash and they proceeded to comp my meals and service charges the rest of our stay!!....Okay here are my likes and dislikes.....Likes.....Grand Cafe, ate there several times, excellent service, loved the Santa Fe omlete with ranchero sauce. Shuttle to the airport and the strip were both prompt and curtious. Jacks Irish tavern had wonderful bartenders with a lot of useful information to benefit our stay. I wanted a certain type of tequila that they didn't stock at that bar but did not hesitate to offer to find it for me and that was fanastic. The floor workers were all very professional, helpful and smiling. One of the casino hosts was amazing, she took the time to show me around, point out the resturaunts we might enjoy. Dislikes......the buffet, from start to finish I was unhappy. All of the food was over salted, garlic, fried...... our server left us for over 15 min without warning, we all sat with empty drinks until we flagged down someone else .....the only thing I could say I liked was the strawberry yogurt.Overall, we will be back again!
3	Ugly exterior. Nicer than expected interior. Stay here as cheaper get away experience, does the job I suppose. Didn't stay here, visited a friend. That's pretty it.
1	Let me start by saying I wasn't going to write a review after what I thought was a resolved incident. I decided to book a room for saturday night to catch some sleep before checking into MGM on sunday and monday night. I booked a night for saturday and found the price to be reasonable. I checked in at 8pm and told the front staff that I just wanted a nice cozy room to get some rest. She assured me I would be taken care of and was very polite. She then sprung a $16 resort fee that was not mentioned on Expedia. I questioned the resort fee and she stated it was mandatory. I decided $16 is not the worth in really arguing over. I unloaded my luggage and things in my room. The room was what you'd expect and didn't seem too bad. I stepped out for the night and enjoyed my evening. I got back to my room around midnight to pass out after having a few adult beverages and set my alarm for 8am. I'm some what of a heavy sleeper and even more after a few beverages. I was quickly awakened around 1am from loud noise right outside my window. I got up and opened the curtains to unveil the loading dock 12-15 feet away from my room! I was stunned at how close it was. I tried to go back to sleep and thats were the nightmare started. The staff seriously didn't take account to the paying customers trying to sleep only a few feet away. They carried on conversations and wheeled around those laundry carts all night long. I couldn't sleep one bit and when I finally kind of dozed off. I was abruptly wakened by a delivery truck that came in at 5am. The sounds of the loud beeping when they reversed woke me up. Then came the sounds of unloading whatever was inside it seemed to last forever. I began to record all the chaos on my phone. I ended up falling asleep and ended up over sleeping. I was dead tired when I finally got up at 10am. Late I was and I begin to rush out of my room. I checked out and asked politely to talk with the supervisor. The assistant supervisor on duty was Teresa Taylor on 12/11/2011. I explained the whole incident and how displeased I was about the stay. Everything from the noise and unexpected $16 resort fee. Now the $16 resort fee was a problem. Its no where even a resort. She was very professional in handling the situation and told me she would personally refund the $16 resort fee. She even offered to call Expedia and have them refund my whole stay right away. I was very pleased with how she handled it and how she took it upon herself to have the room refunded to me without asking. I felt she handled it very well and listed to my concern without interruption. So I felt I will leave it at that and maybe one day give Palace Station another try. Here is where the fun began after Teresa Taylor promised me on 12/11/2011. I enjoyed the rest of my stay and I will tell you this. I had NO issues nor complaints with my two night stay in MGM. I checked my credit card account 2 weeks later to see if I received my promised refund for the resort fee and room rate. To my surprise, neither were reflected to my account and both charges remained. In fact, I was NOT charged $16 for the resort fee but actually had a $30 outstanding charge. $30? WTF! I was pissed at this point as I didn't authorize that phantom charge. I tried callingTeresa Taylor and kept asking for her. I left 3 messages with the front desk staff to have her contact me back to see if it may have been over looked. I understand these things do happen at times. I NEVER received a call back from Teresa Taylor nor a call back from the hotel on her behalf. I called the 4th time and now I was not at pleasant. I began to feel I was getting the run around and being avoided. I don't like that feeling and I don't want to sit on the phone battling to get what is owed to me.  I finally got a hold of NORM the manager for 12/22/2011.  I explained I've been trying to get a hold of Teresa Taylor for quite some time now and all with no success. I explained the whole incident to Norm again and asked why in the world was I charged $30 when it was suppose to only be $16. Norm gave me the answer that they put a normal $100 room deposit on the credit card and they refunded the difference upon check out. So I mentioned upon check out, I was told the $16 so called resort fee was to be waived. Then how in the world was $30 charged to me. How did $30 even come into play? My room had no snack bar and I didn't purchase any movies during my stay.  Norm then stated it was an error on their part and I'll receive a credit back to my account. So if you've stayed here at the Palace, check your credit card statement! What if I never checked it? They would've gotten away with $30 that wasn't authorized by me. So now on the room refund rate. I explained to Norm about how I was suppose to get a complete refund and Teresa Taylor was suppose to call Expedia for me. He stated he wasn't able to do the refund and I'd have to call Expedia directly to request it. WTF?  To Be Continued
1	Everything about this hotel was terrible. I mean, you get what you paid for. I bought the room the night before I left, not really knowing what time we would be there. I get in at around 7 am, walk to the front desk and ask for my room key. The women looks at me and says "we have no more rooms", I said, very politely "ma'am, I purchased the room last night, so I should be in the system", she says again "we has no more rooms! And what I mean is, we have no clean rooms!" so I'm thinking, does this lady not understand what I'm saying? I'm freakin tired, drove 7 hours and I'm not about to fight over this, so I ask for a manager. I informed her that I purchased the room last night, and I'm just checking in. After my explanation, she jumped on the computer and found my room within seconds. Great! So I'm walking to the god forsaken courtyard room, I own the door... Then it hits me. The smell was so bad, I nearly vomited on myself. Now I'm irritated. I make my way back to the counter and asked for the manager. "you either have, someone dead, or dying... Or you just don't know how to clean a room" I informed her of the room scent, and ahhh... They gave me another room. Now, the rooms... Uh, ugly, small, dull. I somehow woke up with bug bites on my arm. Not pleased with the rooms.Overall services, the shuttles we late, about 20 min, and every time I walked in or out of my room, I guess their was a tray of food left out, and was never picked up, for 3 days. Ugh. If you plan to go to Vegas, save up, spend a little more on a nicer room. I know I will.
2	I would not recommend this place if you're part of the younger crowd. There's definitely not much going on here for the younger crowd, even the bars inside are not that appealing. As far as the rooms go, they were OK. The hallways are confusing, and you actually have to walk outside and back inside to another portion to get to the rooms. The staff was also not all that friendly, and couldn't find one of the 2 reservations we made. Instead we were told to just pay the regular rate for the night and provide proof we even made a reservation if we had it. I got the receipt and they were finally able to find the problem at check out time, but it still was a hassle for me. If you're just looking for a cheap place to stay that's decent and quiet, this may be it for you. But if you go to Vegas for a good time, this probably isn't the best place unless your idea of fun is gaming all day and night.
1	KHAYWO. That's who greeted us after a long checkin wait. And she wasn't nice. She was scary. Even scarier than the dirty carpets and the musty, thin blankets, er sheets (no blanket). The unexpected fees was the cherry on top. There are many buget places that have one or more issues, but the Stations have more bad points than good. I was sorry we didn't just leave. The Station got one too many nights out of me because I was exhausted from the road.
1	GROUPON USERS BEWARE........So we used the Groupon for a two night stay in a courtyard room w $25 free play and buffet included. What they forgot to mention is that their is a $14.99 resort fee for every day that you stay to pay for things you cannot get.....INTERNET...NOPE 5.99 a night. The room we stayed in was atrocious and the shower would not fit an average sized adult and our toilet kept on clogging. It felt like we were staying inside a cardboard box because I swear the walls were paper thin...we awoke time and time again from people or housekeeping meandering about in the hallways or trucks driving in and out of the delivery bay....which we were right next to. We take our $25 in free play and go hit the tables. I play roulette.....I win....The man takes my $5 chip and gives me $5? I was like WTF aren't I supposed to win $10? he spoke broken English so I couldn't really understand him but when I complained they informed me that the chips they give you are STARTER chips just to get you going which is why when I won I was only given $5 instead of $10...yeah that makes sense.....We did not get a chance to eat at the buffet due to incredibly long lines which btw you have a 3 hr time frame to eat else your free credit is worthless and their insistence that we charge everything to the room. This place made me feel like a vagrant that needed to be put up in a hostel for the night. I just pray that I didn't get any bedbugs after reading some other reviews. Enjoy your Groupon and the craziness that comes with it.
4	for the price we paid with our groupon getaway deal, it was great ! the hotel staff who checked us in was very helpful. gave us a boarding pass that gave me $3 in cash to pay the slot machines, which didnt work out too well but along with our deal we also got $25 in chips to play inside the casino, which are not redeemable and you only turn that 'credit' into actual money if you win. we also got complimentary breakfast for 2 which we used on sunday brunch buffet which made it an even better deal. although the food was just standard, lots of things needed more seasoning. my favorite item in the buffet was prob the garlic chicken and watermelon slices. our room was spacious and clean. beds could have been less bouncy and pillows could have been softer but everything else was good. no weird funkey smells in the hallways or anything. they also had little cups inside the ice bucket which was a nice touch after having nothing of the sort at the imperial palace. also i loved the citrus shampoo they offered. and the shower curtain although really short was manageable without soaking the entire floor. theres also free shuttles to the strip but they dun run late night. the latest one is around 11 and the hotel is more than 2 miles away from the strip so you gotta taxi it back. all in all good place to stay esp for only $110 for two nights in a double queen size room .
4	If you stay here, you must stay at the Tower. Everybody who Yelps the courtyard all say it sucks and I do not want to find that out the hard way.The Palace is a great place if you want to be off the strip and you are not a person who needs all the luxury of those newer casinos. It is a great deal and the rooms are clean with good amenities, the Casino is basically a casino. We don't go for the buffett, they have the Oyster Bar and it is why we go there. the Broiler is recommended too but we like our spots way too much.We will be back for sure.
2	Don't be surprised with your experience here if you read the reviews below.  This hotel is popular with many types of conventions and large groups.  Consequently, the hotel has no problem booking rooms.  In fact, they are more than happy to give your room to another patron.  I submitted a paid reservation for the first of two nights, only to be told that it did not guarantee the room.  However, had I not shown up, they would have kept the money I paid for the room.  The room was not ready when I checked in after 10pm ( LA - LV drive ).  The staff called housekeeping and was told that it would take an hour to make up a room.  I reminded the staff that I had a secured reservation and they offered to switch rooms from a two-queen to a king with a roll-away bed.  Huh! I declined and the staff bumped someone else from a room so I could have the room type that I had reserved ( with payment ).The courtyard is trashy and dated. Stay in the tower rooms. I suppose that since I checked in late, and at the end of the line of convention goers, I was not informed of all the amenities that I would be charged when I checked out of the hotel.  "Free" wi-fi, pool, workout room, breakfast...  all are included in a "hotel service fee."  Evidently, in Vegas, free ain't free.So, beware.
4	We booked online and got a great price and honestly didn't expect too much, so let me tell you how surprised we were! Make sure to get a room in the new tower!! Their casino was clean and we had plenty of refills on our drinks which was very nice. They also have a Starbucks and several other dining options that looked pretty tasty. The only downfall was being so far from the strip.
3	If I could give this place 3.5 stars I would. This place is probably one of the best value hotels in Vegas considering it is not too far from the strip and provides free shuttle service TO the strip. I come here practically almost all the time I am visiting Vegas unless I go with a big group which can afford places like Palazzo, Venetian, etc.. Bally's comes close to value but is more expensive compared to this place.Do not I repeat DO NOT get the courtyard rooms or prepare to smell cigarettes everywhere and see old tacky sheets\furniture. Get the tower rooms and above since they are re-innovated and more up to spec. Sure the view isn't killer here but it's not that bad if you get the city view tower rooms. If you want to enjoy their king tower suite you will have to reserve probably a month or more ahead.  Another reason to come here is for the super cheap buffet and Oyster bar. They have cheap margaritas at this hotel. If you become a club member they will send you discounts of up to 40% off of their already cheap daily rates.Oh forgot to mention they have a free shuttle service that will take you to the McCarran Airport as well as taking you from the airport to the hotel.
4	We really enjoyed our stay here last weekend! We had a family wedding in Vegas and were looking online for the best deal in Vegas at the time. Every place on the strip, due to the weekend of course, was over $150, and that was for Circus Circus! We came across Palace Station and they had a special 24 hour promo going on. We booked a night and received a free luxury room tower upgrade for only $79! We got a room on the 18th floor, almost to the top, and had a great view of the city below. The tower was recently renovated and it was like a brand new hotel inside. Our room had 2 queen beds with clean, soft linens (not the scratchy kind), new carpeting, a bathroom with marble counters, a new tile floor and a large shower. I couldn't believe we got these accommodations for less then what I've paid in the past for a lousy motel off the strip. I've stayed in many hotels in Vegas in the past, and to have this room compare to Caesar's or MGM at a price that is almost 50-70% off is crazy. The staff at check in were friendly and apologized for the small wait we had. Parking is convenient and the casino is filled with the locals. This hotel is located across the FWY from the strip, so it doesn't take more than a 1-2 min drive to get to the action. What a steal! I think we have a new favorite spot in Vegas.
2	you get what you pay for -- that's all i can say about this hotel.had to stay here because we decided to stay an extra night and this was the only place my friends could afford.note to self: do not come to vegas with broke friends!
4	Buffet yay!Came here for the buffet for the first time. Apply for their rewards and you can eat at their buffet for $9.99. Good selection which included sections of American, Mexican, Asian... there were probably more but we got there almost close to closing time and only had about 45 min to eat (they close at 9:00p but you can stay till 9:20p to finish). It is located on the second floor of the casino.
1	In the end with all the hassle I had to go through to get one evening of hell credited back as promised. I will NEVER ever stay in this Hotel due to the lack of professionalism they displayed in resolving a simple matter. I was very pleasant in the whole situation and ate up those empty promises like a young girl falling in love for the first time. I believed all those lies and promises to only be used in the end. I'm surprised I'm not a single father now at how bad they screwed me over. How I'm not pregnant is shocking. Perhaps I'm a dude and thats medically not possible but thats how I felt.   Teresa Taylor was given that chance to resolve the matter at hand as she promised.  I wasn't going to write any review as I believe "ISH HAPPENS' and people/places deserve a chance to resolve things in a satisfactory manner. Teresa Taylor, what the "F" happened behind the scenes from that day you stood in front of me so professional, so kind, so understanding, so giving. . . In the end you brought this upon yourself in how this was handled. I'm extra salty about this as hell and with all that time I had to waste in getting what was promised back to me.  I decided a detailed piss poor review for you guys is well deserved. . . I will say the only good thing going for this place is "THE OYSTER BAR". I've been going here for years and continue to as thats the one thing they got right. . .
4	I came to this hotel with VERY LOW expectations. I had read the Yelp reviews, but for $30/night for a newly renovated room, I decided to take a gamble....We checked in after a long drive back from Zion National Park. Upon entering the hotel from the parking garage, we had to go through a rather large section of smoke-filled casino. This did not make me happy. But when we arrived at the desk, the woman behind the counter couldn't have been nicer. They were sold out of the king room we had booked, so she "upgraded" us to two queens with "a view."We had specified a non-smoking room.... and after re-reading these reviews, I wonder if we would have been ill-fated for those dreaded "courtyard" rooms had it not been for an over-sell? Who knows...In any case, we were in the south tower.... our view was of the Strip. Once in the south tower, going in and out of the hotel without encountering the smoke-filled casino is easy. The room was clean... and not a hint of smoke in the hallways. If you want to spend a night Downtown -- you couldn't ask for a better location. You're right at the foot of Freemont Street. We rented a car -- and driving to the Strip took us less than five minutes. Like most people, we have a budget we like to stick to when we go on vacation -- and on this vacation, we wanted to spend our cash on fine dining and fun experiences. This hotel was SO cheap, we could do all that we wanted and more. Probably the cheapest hotel I have ever stayed at, but not the worst by any stretch.
1	The food here sucks.  the rewards center hosts are slow and are rude, all they like to do is be fake about stuff and rush you off.  the buffet is really small.  what you see from the payment line is what you are getting which is why its so cheap.  I had a bad service today spent an hour trying to get a buffet with my rewards card but i ended up leaving it wasnt worth the wait. went to starbucks instead.
3	Rolled up at this hotel like many others for the price alone. Got a rate of $37 from hotels.com  Got in late at 2am and they said they only has 2 rooms left... Do they overbook? Room was both fine and quiet, the only drawback was the shower only bathroom. Oddest thing of all was the people staying at this place. I guess it is to be expected.... Can't really beat the price and the location is not far from The strip. I was quiet, cheap, clean and had a casino... Not a bad place at all and clearly the best price in town.
1	Not a fan. Pool and courtyard very dated. The "awesome" buffet was more like luke warm cafeteria food. The best part the place is the Grand Cafe who actually served decent food. Prob won't stay here again.
1	Was in Vegas for the weekend for Punk Rock Bowling and wanted to check out the fight. I searched for somewhere showing the fight and came across this $10 UFC viewing party. My group decided to check it out and was very disappointed. For $10 you get to stand in a short line that takes forever because there are security guards frisking you and ruffling through your pockets and belongings. You then proceed to the ballroom where the seats are arranged in a clever circular octagon formation, facing several large screen projectors. It looked cool until you try to find a seat and realize that the screens are set too low and you can't get a full view of the fight unless you're in the front row because you will have trouble seeing around the person in front of you. Once seated you can visit the wonderful food court they have set up. $2 hot dogs, $1 bags of chips, and $1 canned soda. That's it, and you aren't allowed to bring in outside food or beverage. Maybe the reason for the short selection is the lack of tables they don't provide, just chairs. They did have a full bar for those interested in cocktails, as well as $1 bottled water. To make the evening that much better we had to wait 45 minutes for a cab to get back to our hotel because they had none waiting and there was nobody available to call one for the long line of people who wanted to leave after watching the fight.In conclusion, I will not be back. Word of advice for the Palace Station. The events would be much cooler if you changed a few things. Provide tables for everyone and provide more food choices. Treat the event like a sports bar & you will have more happy customers!
4	I can't believe it's been over a year since I visited Las Vegas.It was my first time in Las Vegas. There were four of us: two friends, my bf, and me. We were on a tight budget. I found a deal for the flight and this hotel on Expedia, and quickly snatched it. Since the price was surprisingly low, we has expected a, you know, crappy hotel and service, which we didn't really mind because we didn't plan to stay in the hotel for the whole trip.But we were wrong!The hotel was really nice. They have shuttle that run from the airport to the hotel. We had to wait for a long time, but it was better than taking a cab. The room was nice. Everything was clean. Beds were nicely made. No weird smells or stains.They have good buffet as well, both for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. I was only at the buffet for breakfast a couple of times. The food was good for a cheap quality hotel as this one. I'd give it a 7/10. There were a lot of options, which I liked. The dessert was kind of nasty though.This hotel is a little far away from the strip, but fear not, they have shuttle that go to the strip several times a day. I actually had read reviews about this hotel beforehand, and some people had complained about this. I thought that the service was good. You just need to make sure that you get there on time. They also have a hot tub by the pool. A small one, but it was nice :)
3	As expected, this place serves its purpose. You can sleep here, eat here, shower here, do your business here, etc.  But there is no 'ooh ahhs' that come along with it at all. We stayed here three nights over MDW. We were in the courtyard rooms. As we got lost after becoming a victim to the wind tunnel that was the open alley in between the hotel and the courtyard rooms, we found ourselves wandering the floors looking for our rooms. And we realized that there was no elevator so I grunted at the thought of carrying one of my bags up the stairs. A bell man offered to help me but as soon as I reached the top, I said thank you, not needing his services. Apparently, no handicap people stay on the second floor of the courtyard.We finally found our room after being in a maze and stepped into a room with two full/queen size beds, a desk, tv that swivels, a window, AC and bathroom with a single shower and a shower curtain. The bed closest to the door was not comfortable at all. Springs would pop right back up with authority as you moved. The other bed was much more manageable. We needed to then take a nap and realized there wasn't a comforter on the bed or in the stand alone closet. I think I was asleep for 20 minutes before a blanket was brought up. They said there is a blanket in between the sheets. It was as thin as could be. No fluff here!At night the walls are so thin that you can hear obnoxious people arguing, which I'd prefer over the joyous screams of one of Vegas' so-called hourly finest. The blow dryer didn't work after resetting it and replugging it. And to top it off, there is a mandatory $16/night charge for their amenities. Which the hubby said it wasn't disclosed to him or his buddies that were also staying there. I did use their gym for one day. It had treadmills, stair climbers, bikes, one bench and dumbells. I eventually found the side entrance to the courtyard to avoid the wind tunnel and I got to my room quicker. But the sign on the outside that says you need to have your key to enter was false. Anyone can come in thru that door. Yay, safety! But I didn't find any bugs or anything incredibly disgusting in the room, so I'm thankful for that.I did want to try the oyster bar but I chose to spend my money elsewhere in terms of consumables. Like I said, the Palace Station served its purpose.
1	PLEASE NOTE: I did not personally stay at this hotel, my husband did - this review is to highlight their billing practices.I purchased two nights, in a courtyard room, from Groupon.com. I was told the only thing not included was a $14.99/day + 12% tax - which would add up to $16.79 per night or $33.58 for the two nights.When my husband returned he said the bill was more (they had charged an additional $64 PLUS the $33.58 we expected) and not familiar with the voucher I purchased - didn't question them before leaving. When he called to let them know he had prepaid and needed a partial refund the hotel said that they charged him more because the rate had changed. He explained again about having a voucher, and the hotel confirmed that he used a voucher but that their policy was to charge more based on the current rate.I contacted Groupon.com and they are trying to assist in getting me a partial refund, but they also verified that I should not have been charged anymore than $33.58 for the two nights, unless something was charged to the room - which was not the case.
4	I just got back home from Vegas. I been to this Casino many times. I had good wins and losses on slot machines. They have a good decent amount of machines to play. Some very good restaurants. For example, Cabo Cantina is not bad. The Oyster Bar seems to be the favorite, which I had not tried yet and here good news about it, with the line being long to get a seat.My whole review here is based on the slot tournament I just finished. I did have fun playing in it. It was my second tournament between there's and Main Street Casino's tournament. There are four rounds on this tournament. They average all four scores. Like all slot machines, you never know which one is better than the other. Unfortanely, I did now win any money this time. The top 30 scores win money. Grand prize is $3000 and 26th to 30th place get $50. The best thing about this promotion, they give you 3 free nites. It's cool, because that's one less thing to worry about. This is a invite tournament only. I guess with all my casino play in the past, got me this invite. They also offer video poker tournaments as well. As for my room. Staying in the main tower is what you want. All of these rooms were re-done over 5 years ago. It's clean and simple. The only thing I wish they had was, mini refridge's in the roooms. I also like the fact of, how close this place is to my parents house. Location is good and just right off the 15 freeway on Sahara Ave. Would I go back and take advantage of the 3 free nights and free slot tournament, for sure yes. I just got a invite for July and August. I'm leaning towards August.
1	There were two people ahead of me in the registration line, yet it took forty minutes to check in. I could not find an elevator. This ain't no palace. The room had no soap, but did come with a dirty Kangol hat, and a new pair of socks. Non smoking room smelled like some, no blankets on bed, only sheets? I've stayed at nicer places on PCH in long beach and even Crystal Lane in Fresno.Im not sure why, but my face itched for two weeks after leaving there. It only itched on the part of my face that touches the pillow. I am not sure if its their soap, or maybe something else. A word of warning, DON'T be fooled by the low prices, there is a 16 "resort" fee.
3	Very nice for the price! Comfortable, clean, and about a mile away from Las Vegas Blvd.
1	I stayed here years ago and had a good experience so when I saw a Groupon for it, I jumped on it, but I was quite dissapointed with our second stay here.1) Vouchers (gaming chips, breakfast buffet to be included with the groupon deal) were not provided upon check in. Time was wasted standing in line later that night to obtain them after being told by a friend that they were provided upon check in. 2) The employee that checked us in told me that internet was included in the fare and to select the $5.99 option when accessing the internet, but it would not be charged. However, when I tried to utilize the express check out, I found I was chrged $5.99 for each day we stayed T the hotel! I was charged $5.99 three times! More time was wasted standing in line so that I could sort it all out. No apology was given. 3) The tub was awful and did not drain properly. Each time I showered, it filled the tub half way!An absolute dissapointment. The breakfast was ok, but too greasy for me. I would have prefered more healthy options for sure.
1	Just writing this makes me *cringe*....  So I booked this place online because it was cheap, little did I know that they tag on an extra $17 for hotel/resort fee.. for what?! Internet..umm I have a smart phone.. EVERYONE has a smart phone ..I don't neeed your crappy internet.. Of course it was mandatory. THAT should have been known to me beforehand .  I would like to add that for people saying "You get what you pay for"..  there are dozens of other cheap hotels in Vegas..Same price ! .. Circus Circus, Hooters, Riviera, and my favorite,  Gold Coast..These are MUCH nicer hotels and if you count Palace stations surprise mandatory $17 a night fee it IS the same price. The "check in" line  ..I waited for a good 35 minutes in this lovely line full of characters from all walks of ghetto. A black woman and her child, who both reeked of pot, a crack head, and some slimey guy who kept getting out of line to come over and harass me.. As their sad excuse of security watches and yet does nothing. Thanks rent -a -cop.. Finally I check in.. oh joy I am in some dingy motel that is located in a labyrinth ..First floor. fantastic..ooo  an exotic cockroach on my bathroom floor and the room stinks like a far away fantasy land of hookers and cigarettes. I try and get some sleep , but am awakened to the people next door having some angry monkey sex..their headboard slamming on the wall.. Then at 3 am I awaken to a tiny cry.. a baby kitten outside my window. So because I have a heart I go outside and grab little baby kitten ..Then I proceeded to walk through the casino with baby kitten in my arms . I don't know what I was trying to accomplish, I thought maybe one of the staff members had a heart and would take him/her home ..I have 2 rescue kittens and would have gladly taken him/her if I wasn't out of town.  The Security guard told me they have tons of kittens on property and they feed them..Oh, thats nice ! ugh..Call a NO-Kill shelter and have these poor kittens saved from whatever is roaming the streets of Vegas.. i'm sure hookers get hungry and baby kittens look mighty tasty. Luckily I am moving to Vegas next week and I'm starting a Trap and Release program for all these helpless kittens. It's not rocket science, if you get these kitties fixed it will solve the kitten crisis. Back to the hotel.. So the next night I asked to change rooms, because crying kitty was breaking me heart. The put me on the second floor. great, how do I get up there.. no elevator. ok, well I'm not lazy so I can walk around the labryinth for 10 minutes looking for the stairs where I can proceed to carry my luggage up the 2 flights of stairs. FanFNtastic...oh the AC is broke. Luckily the one saving grace was the AC guy.. He was super nice.  . It was a FN nightmare. I felt itchy from sleeping in their beds, not sure if I now have an STD , bedbugs, or it's just the shame of staying at such a putrid place.  The only reason I am going back is to save the kittens they obviously don't give a shit about. Nice guys..nice
3	Located just off the Las Vegas strip, The Palace Station is a blend of Tourist and Local casino. It is a bit smoky, but there are two restaurants here worth checking out. (I will do separate reviews for The Broiler and The Oyster Bar). They have Baccarat with a low limit! They also have a good sports book, especially if you are into the Horses. Stop by and check it out, if you have a car (it's not a great walk from the strip). Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
3	Stay here back in 1998...when I came to visit my family in las vegas...the hotel is really nice...lots of slots machines...but the hotel is off the strip of las Vegas blvd..They have a mexican restaurant in the hotel if its still there...but I remember it was really good and the rooms was very clean and nice...
1	I booked this last minute of course being cheap and I regretted it. They tack on a $17 a day fee and they still charge you if you want to use their crappy internet. I have no idea what the resort fee is for because nothing I saw during my stay resembled a resort in any sort of way. They took an hour and a half to get us checked in. It was 11 at night and there were four of us. They had three people "working" the desk. There was no reason it should have taken so long. Most of our time was spent standing there staring at each other. I stayed in the courtyard rooms and it smelled like something died in there. I didn't look under the bed for fear that I might discover I was right! The carpets were so filthy I didn't want to walk around without shoes on. The water was shut off so for the first hours of being there I couldn't use the sink, shower, or toilet! The beds have only sheets in them. No comforters and they were covered in little black dots. I got bit by something multiple times while I was asleep then when I got home I discovered I had picked up bed bugs from that dump so I had to spend the rest of the weekend battling a bed bug infestation. If it were possible to give -stars I would. This place is a hell hole and I won't set foot in a palace anything ever again! Oh and they feel the need to charge me an extra $25 after I left for who knows what because I didn't use their internet (it won't let you even if you try) or anything else while I was there. Oh and just as a warning, the courtyard rooms have no elevator so if you are on the second floor you are going to have to carry (i.e. drag) your luggage up two flights of stairs.
1	Stopped by to use the restroom real quick... It was my first time here.This place smells like someone took an ashtray and straight shoved it in yo face!  WOW!  Needless to say, I didn't stay long.  It smelled so bad, I can't imagine how anyone can stand being there for more than 5 minutes.  I was covering my mouth/nose the whole time there. Gross.  1 star because the smell is unbearable, and that's enough to give me a reason to never book a stay (no matter how cheap the rates are), eat, or gamble here!  GROSSSSSSSSSSS!!!
3	I named my own price on priceline and got palace station. I booked it one week in advance. I bidded 37. It came out to 48.80 + 16.79 resort fee for one night. Saturday night.- Palace Perks comes with up to $25 match play. nice!- Flat wide screen! great amenity. - Gym and pool in the courtyard. Gym 6am - 12am. Pool 6am - 10pm- No fridge. Walk and get the ice. :/- Wireless fail. Had to call room service and the only solution was to go to the room next door to ours and reset their wi-fi so we can use theirs. It took hours.- Understanding. Waived resort fee bc of wireless fail. - Thin walls. loud black folks next door. haha. - Usually 1 roulette going. 5 bucks. not bad. no martingale. F that.- condom near elevator. ghetto. - Must have a Station card or you when get good perks.- Come if you want a cheap stay and fine with kinks here and there.
1	The only stars this crappy hotel will get is a double negative hotel! DON'T BE FOOLED BY THE LOW PRICES!!!!!I stayed here with my friends for a girl's weekend and it was my birthday. We were told that the shuttle from the hotel would be at the airport at 10:30am. WRONG!!!! After waiting about 35mins I called the hotel and was told the shuttle was just leaving!!!Got to the hotel and the women who checked me was extremely rude. I kept trying to ask questions but she didn't know how to stop going over this obviously scripted check in. Amenities are supposed to be free. It's one of the things that draw people to your place of business; however the Palace Station charges $15.99 a day for these! Then they hold $100 on your credit card in case you make the room better because the rooms can't get any worse! None of this was disclosed when I booked the rooms. We had to walk through the alley to get to our rooms, and there are no elevators. The hallway smelled like something died in it and the carpet looked like it had never been cleaned.The rooms also had an order to them. The AC didn't work. You do not get a comfortable to sleep under. It is nothing but an extra sheet. There is no mini fridge, or coffee maker. I couldn't even get the hair dryer off the wall. We were not given any extra towels, and housekeeping didn't knock before coming into the room. On the second night our room wasn't even cleaned.The people at the bars were really rude and the selection of drinks were horrible!My first hint that this was a crappy place to stay was when the check in person had to give me a map that was a pin drawing to my room.Whatever you do don't stay in the courtyard rooms. I was told that the tower rooms are better but I'll never find out because I will never stay here again. I'd stay at the Super 8 before I stay here!!!!
1	this place is a complete ripoff! they overcharge didnt give me back my room deposit and dont pay in cash theyll pretend u didnt pay if u lose ur reciept. i stayed for a wk and a half and they treated me worse the longer i stayed im never coming back here again and im telling my friends not to either.
1	I was here to attend a dog show that had been planned for over a year.  I understand having dogs on the premisis is odd for most hotels although this hotel knew what was coming and was told what to expect.  Regardless, we were set up in the Courtyard which had no easy access to parking, unloading or even clean rooms.  The beginning staff at the front desk were extremely rude and it wasn't just a bad day.  There were five working and all five just did not want to be there.  I had to cheer up the girl I was working with just so I could endure the process.  My room was not ready at check in time and I had to come back later to actually get inside my room.  I had a dog with me and quite a bit to unload and its not like I came early.  The counter staff was very irritated I wanted my key to actually get inside my room.They charged me 100 deposit of which I have yet to receive back ... will check that next week.  This was NOT disclosed upon making the reservation and I can understand the need since I did have dogs in my room but courtesy would say let me know this first.The room service was awful.  I ordered coffee and only after not receiving it after an hour of waiting, I called and had to wait another 20 minutes.  The housekeeping staff moved the crate that had my dog in it when I clearly left a note saying do not touch.  There were no fresh towels in the room, just refolded towels that were already used.  The bathroom was disgusting with mold in the shower and grime and dirt all over the light fixtures.  The bed, I didn't dare look.  I had to sleep.This hotel was contrcted and prepaid for a banquet for the group I was attending with and well, for $30.00 a person, we got salad, dried up chicken or BBQ meat (NO ROLLS!) and NO drink unless we wanted to pay $2.00 for a small bottle of water or $13.00 for a cup of coffee.  We had to tell the staff we needed tables and chairs as they planned on 50 people at this banquet using their laps and when clean up came, they were not pleased to do so and literally expected the guests to clean up for them.  One positive, I cut up the chicken and took it back to the room for my dog.All in all, this hotel was a pit and not a chance in hell I will ever go back.
2	We stayed at Palace Station this past weekend for a Dog Show, and not only was it the worst show site I have ever been to, the Hotel had tremendous issues.We stayed in a Tower room, and though the room was decent in terms of size and amenities, the beds were atrocious, super soft and broken down. At over $100 a night "event" pricing, that is completely unacceptable. Imperial Palace and several of the really cheap downtown hotels have MUCH better beds.In addition, not only was the Hotel hosting the dog show (and they did everything wrong), they were also hosting a Harley Davidson Rally, and every night there were live bands playing right outside, disrupting sleep until late at night. When calling the desk to complain, we were given the runaround multiple times as to when the music would stop, none of the staff seemed to have any honest answer. so they just made up answers. Not acceptable, and also extremely unprofessional.The only redeeming thing about this hotel is their Oyster Bar, which deserves 5 stars.We will NEVER stay at the hotel again, though I imagine we will go back just to eat at the Oyster Bar.
2	The only reason I come here is to go to Oyster Bar. I can't help myself while waiting for a seat at Oyster Bar and play slots here. Although atmosphere is a little dark and grungy slots are slots. There are a variety of slots. The casino itself is never full so there are always slots to play. I probably would not be stopping here if it weren't for Oyster Bar.
1	10 minutes after we checked into the room, we wanted to check out, as the room musty and poorly ventilated. And they were doing housecleaning down the hall, using chemicals to clean the rug. They forget that the vapors drift into the tiny rooms. There was no way we were going to sleep here, let alone let our clothes stay in here and get that housecleaning chemical smell.Housekeeping Managers for the Palace Station who read this: Check your rooms, make sure you would let your loved ones spend the night in one of these rooms before letting guests stay here.
1	Run down rooms, smoky Casino. Very few Black Jack tables. Last two times staying here on business they have tried to over charge on the daily resort fee. Always check your bill here. Very isolated property.
3	Build the Rancheria in Rohnert Park CA ! please soon .  just the memory of OJ getting busted here is worth another visit .
3	This review is for Palace Station Hotel and Casino now.  If you asked me 15 years ago, I would have given this place 5 stars.  Pros:-Close to the strip-Station Casino:  I have room, food, and play comps at Station Casinos. -Parking-Family:  My parents stay here a lot and love it.  -Sports Book:  Only reason why I was here.Cons:-Old and Aged-Smells:  Place literally smells like an ash tray-SmallPalace Station definitely needs a remodel.  Compared to most hotels on the strip, this place is less than average.  However, my parents love this place.  When they come up to visit me, this sometimes stay here.  They claim that this is one of the best casinos near the strip to win out.  I wouldn't know since I don't play slots.  As long as their happy, then I'm happy.  But for me, Palace Station just isn't for me.
4	Palace Station is an office away from my office!  We have to work here a few times a every couple of months and I actually enjoy the place!  Starbucks is conveniently located in the lobby, a little overpriced like the airport, but when you need coffee you need coffee.  My favorite place to eat in there is the main restaurant and I always get the greek salad!  So yummy!  The steakhouse is pretty incredible, had a great salmon dinner with some wonderful green beans, asparagus, and mashed potatoes. The rooms at Palace are pretty nice, nothing too special, but they are cheap!  Located close to the strip and they even have a shuttle bus to the strip and also to and from the airport!
3	Room was very clean and nice. However be careful with hidden fees: $16.00 extra when you check in.
2	I can only really comment on the casino since that's where I spent my time. The smoke in there is really bad (turn on some ventilation) but they did have a couple $5 minimum tables which is where I play (not a big gambler). 2 stars because they took my money, the place was too smokey and the dealers weren't really that nice (nor attractive), BUT they had decently clean bathrooms.
3	nice place not the best but def not the worst
1	This is a truly "special hotel". I have booked hundreds of hotels in US. This hotel is the "only one" that will charge you extra $16 service fees when you checked out. You booked from priceline.com and paid tax and fees on the website. When you check out from the hotel, the hotel will charge you extra $16/room/night for shuttle service and internet no matter whether you used these service or not. This is truly outrageous since when I checked in, the agent didn't even inform of this hidden charge and I didn't even use their internet. So, guests be aware of this crappy hotel.....
3	We stayed at the courtyard for a few days before new years. Each night was 22 with the up to 40% palace station deal + 16.99 resort fee each night- Courtyard is their most affordable room. If you just need a place to sleep and really nothing more, then this is for you- Close to the gym.- You can hear the upstairs neighbors. Reminds me of dorms. lol- Tiny bathroom with small shower for one. - No coupon book this time.- Although the room is not all that, the casino experience balanced it out. They have good blackjack here. - Internet works fine. - Easy parking. - Next time I come here, I'd opt for the $20 upgrade.
3	Stayed here at a Tower Room for New Years. Stayed here for 2.5 days and mainly used it to pass out in. Once you get past the cigarette smell in the main lobby, you're pretty good to go. And you do get what you pay for, for those customers complaining about the smoke. It is a little troublesome in terms of traveling to the strip since this hotel is off the strip. There is a shuttle that runs from the hotel to the main strip, but since we were there for New Years and the main strip is closed down the night of New Years Eve, it was pretty frustrating trying to get on the strip. We were able to get a cab from our hotel to a street near the strip and we walked the rest of the way. The hotel room and bed was clean. Bathroom was also nice. It's a good place to stay to save some money.
1	I usually get comp'd for a Tower room, which is pretty decent. This time I was comp'd for a Courtyard room, which is more like a prison! It has no elevators or ramps, so you have to drag your luggage up the stairs if your room isn't on the first floor. There aren't even any directional signs to tell you which of the many hallways you should take. Instead, there's one map at the entrance that you have to memorize as you venture into the labrynth of rooms.When I did finally get to my room, I expected to see a few things: (1) roaches scattering across the floor when I turned the light on, (2) opening the armoir & having a dead body fall out & (3) security banging on the door, saying "lights out!" Thankfully, I've seen none of these, but that still hasn't eased my comfort level in this ridiculous Courtyard room. They actually did make an effort to remodel the rooms (I'm assuming) with a few modern bathroom fixtures & tiling, but there's not even a bathtub!! Just a shower... no tub!  Not a very pleasant sight for those who have driven long ways from out of town (like myself). The beds are springy (although the pillows are comfy), the central heat is more like luke warm, the TV remote was broken, one of the handles on the armoir was broken, aaaggghhhh!Now, I know what you're probably thinking... is she really complaining about her FREE hotel room?! But let me assure you, this side of the hotel is so bad they they should be PAYING their guests to stay here!To put it simply: DO NOT stay at the Palace Station Hotel unless you're in a Tower room!
3	I stayed here for an audition I had in Vegas and it was a great choice. Hotels.com had the room for $25.05 and with a $16 resort fee I was still under other hotel prices. The rooms are clean, the service is friendly and it has cheap buffets! What else do you need for a visit that is less than 24 hours long? It's not flashy, it's not trendy or exciting. It's good, safe, clean room for a cheap price.The bathrooms are nice but there isn't a tub. The courtyard rooms don't have an elevator and they are really spread out. The bonus to that is you don't hear your neighbors at all. There is plenty of parking and free valet. All in all, it's a hotel room for a good price.Best for passing through Vegas when you don't really need the "Vegas Experience".
3	An oldie but a solid stand-by as a casino run if The Strip happens to be kicking your ass! Change it up a bit with this locals casino that is very close to The Strip; not a long drive out of the way at all.Palace is well maintained and clean. The selection of machines is decent, and it wasn't crowded. We played a bit of video poker (LOTS of VP machines here) and some Goldfish, which was very generous to us (of course, never guaranteed).The valet staff was courteous and quick as well - yes, we valet everywhere, as parking and walking cuts into our valuable gambling time! Drink service was also decent; all too often you sit and sit and never see a cocktail waitress. Not the case here for us, and my Bloody Mary was decent and spicy.We'll definitely return to Palace, as it was definitely a relaxing, nice change from the larger Strip casinos, but close enough so that it wasn't a journey to get there!
1	this is the WORST casino chain in Las Vegas/Henderson, first of all they send you free Louie Anderson tickets valid through 1/31/2013 and when we tried to use on 1/26/13, anderson was not only there but nobody was in the showroom at all, it was DARK, then we had there $! margaritas and there was zero tequila in them, the entire place is a MISREP and SCAM.
1	I reserved one of their tower rooms with a king bed in LATE DECEMBER for January 18th, and 19th. They charged my card a $75.00 deposit (not an authorization, a charge, which I paid before my visit). I called a week before to confirm, which they cheerfully did. I was arriving late in the evening, so, I called on the way too, just to make sure they had late check in, I was assured that this wasn't a problem. When I arrived, I found THEY GAVE MY ROOM AWAY.  That's right. I was dumbfounded, since I had already in part paid for it weeks ago. They explained "We don't reserve beds sir, just rooms, and we can get you 2 queens instead of a king..." The total nonsense way they pitched this to me sounded moronic, as if they "move beds around" When I didn't accept this, the front desk became argumentative, and engaged in straw man arguments, twisting words, and accusing me of using the word "you" in the context of the guy helping me, who kept claiming "Sir I didn't do this, so don't say you!..." and then stated I was "accusing him of charging my card" of course "you" means palace station you moron. The manager was equally unhelpful, she refused to even give me her name. This place values only your money, they have no eye on repeat business, and do not understand the concept of customer service, or meeting a minimum commitment. I am so glad that at 1:30am I found rooms at the MGM Grand, who actually apologized for my bad Vegas experience, and cut me a deal on a very nice room, that they really didn't have to.Stay elsewhere.
5	great deal for breakfast.  its on the way to the Lv convention center.  $4.99 buffet
4	If you're not looking for the dazzle of strip hotels, Palace Station Hotel and Casino is a good alternative.  They have clean rooms and have the widest selection of EZ Baccarat tables - the game that most Asian Southern Californians love!  And if you play on the $25 table, you can open the cards yourself! For craps lovers, Palace station offers a couple of tables with the fire bet bonus!
1	My husband and I stayed at Palace Station in Las Vegas from Feb 21- Feb 24, 2013.  We've stayed there once before, about 5 years ago.  We were pleased with our experience then, which is why we decided to stay again. We arrived around 10am and were happy to be able to check into our room early, around 12.  That was very much appreciated.  The bell desk was helpful in getting us shuttle schedules and storing our luggage until we could check in.  They were friendly and welcoming.  I was very happy with the bell desk service our entire stay. We had no issues Thursday or Friday.  However, after returning to the hotel around 1am Friday night/Saturday morning, we were rudely awoken by banging noises at 7am on Saturday morning.  We attempted to continue sleeping, having no idea what the noise was.  Around 8am, we heard talking and applause from the room next door, and then someone began talking into a microphone.  I could hear every word she said as if she was in our room, and I had earplugs in.  We peeked into the hall and saw there was a SEMINAR going on in the hotel room next to us.  I imagine the repeated banging noise was the door frame slamming against the hook or deadbolt that was placed so that the door would not lock as people came in.By that point, we were already very much awake.  We had planned on having breakfast at Palace Station and doing a little gambling before going out for the day.  After our rude awakening, we decided to have breakfast and do our gambling elsewhere.  I waited to complain, as I was pretty angry and wanted to be able to do so in a composed manner.When we returned to the hotel, I made my complaint with the front desk.  I was told that there was nothing that could be done, and I should have called that morning.  I was not apologized to even once.  I understand that I could have called that morning and had them send someone up, but by the time we even realized what was going on to even be able to complain, we were already wide awake.  Furthermore, I feel very strongly that we should not have had to call, because it is ridiculous to rent out a hotel room to a corporation to use for a seminar.  And the room had a sign out in front of it on Palace Station letterhead with the seminar schedule, so I'd imagine that the management was well aware of what the room would be used for.  In fact, the front desk person was able to tell me that another seminar was scheduled for the next morning as well, in that same room. There is absolutely no reason that a paying customer should have to be disturbed by a business function occurring in an adjoining room.  Business functions should occur in business facilities: conference rooms and banquet areas that are separate from customer rooms.In addition, I was incredibly displeased at the service I received in the Grand Cafe.  We went there before leaving the next morning, and after asking for a couple minutes to decide on my order, did not see our server again for over 15 minutes, when I found someone else to go find her.  We were on a schedule, due to having to get to the airport, and though I had had plenty of time when we got there, I ended up having to take my food to go due to the length of time that passed before our server came back to take our order.  When the server returned, we did not even get so much as an apology for her disappearing act.  That is poor customer service.
1	I would not give one star, but you have to put at least one star to write a review. Hotel GAVE AWAY MY ROOM. even though it was already paid for. HORRIBLE SERVICE. The customer should not be penalized for the hotels over booking!
1	Terrible hotel. Checked in to a dirty room. Partner chip his tooth on the buffet bacon. Had to walk from the strip to hotel because the hotel gave us the wrong info on where to meet the shuttle. DON'T STAY HERE EVER!
1	ok, so what they forget to tell you when you book a room at this property is you don't actually get what you pay for.  Ok so the room is a bit less than other places, but when you get here they hit your credit card for something they call a "daily resort amenity fee" which is equal to or even more than the room actually costs you in the first place !!  If I would have been aware of this I NEVER would have stayed here !!  I would have stayed at one of the more appropriate hotels.  The staff seems as if they are completely understaffed and overworked and they have been rude as hell the entire time we have been here.  We spent 1 hour just checking in to this place as the line was out the door and they only had 2 people working.  It was completely annoying.  NONE of the rooms have coffee makers as the hotel has determined that they are a "fire hazard" ?!  Really?? The halls outside the rooms are filthy with trash and things that people have put outside their rooms and that have not been picked up by the staff.  The Buffet that I can remember being great in the past was completely sub-par and most items had absolutely no flavor what so ever.  I can say over all I am a bit disgusted with The Palace Station and will not stay here again !
2	So we stayed here for free since we sat through a mind numbing timeshare presentation. I had to keep telling myself during the 2 day ordeal that it was free. We stayed in the courtyard rooms which was a time travel excursion to the 70's. They made an awful attemp at remodeling the bathrooms and the rooms haven't been updated since the place was built (I assume). Oh and be prepared to endlessly wonder the halls because there are no signs on the damn walls! If you're looking for a young, hip crowd...this ain't for you! The saving grace for this place is the super cheap buffet which was pretty tasty... and the free shuttle to the strip/airport. If I'm ever forced to stay here again, I'll make sure to stay in the tower. We snuck a peak of the rooms while using the business center to print and they are pretty modern and nice.
4	this place is the best very quiet and the buffet is a good price just one thing before you eat at the buffet you have to sign up for a casino member card and its free to get the discounts will stay again.casino smells like a big cigarette.
3	I stayed for one night only at this hotel.  The check in and check out was slow.  They were understaffed but friendly.   I stayed in the Tower room which had some updates, like granite counter tops and big screen tv.  The bed was comfortable and the sheets were clean. There is a  restaurant downstairs that has amazing desserts and cookies for good prices.  I noticed that this was a hotel that mainly had older persons staying there, which was fine by me.
1	I usually don't like writing negatives or bad reviews, but this hotel (or should I say motel) is pretty disgusting. It's an old, rundown, awful smelling establishment located off the Las Vegas strip. I was passing through town for a short night and needed a place to crash. They were understaffed and check in desk was slow. The garden room I was placed in looked like a crack motel from a horror movie and there were stains all over the carpet. The garden rooms building consist of 2 floors with no elevator so be prepared to haul your luggage up a creaking flight of stairs. The only reason why I agreed to stay here was to try the Oyster Bar. My weakness is food as you can tell.I probably will never step foot in this place again. Sorry Palace Station but I rather take my chances elsewhere.
3	Best way to describe this place- you get what you pay for. It wasn't a super classy or fancy joint, but it was a decent, cheap place to crash.  Can't complain too much about it.  The service was good, my room and bathroom were clean, and there was shuttling to and from the strip (if you don't mind walking a bit of distance... it only goes to the mall on the Stratosphere end of the strip) and to and from the airport. All my needs were met, thus I was content. Overall, decent hotel at a very good price (especially for such an expensive place like Vegas).
5	This is a review for THE GRAND CAFE located inside of the casino.  This place is open 24 hours and has amazing food.  I spent a good portion of a friday night searching Vegas for a Hot Turkey Sand which, and after hitting up many of the places I had found online NONE of them were open at 3am.  I recalled a lower end casino called Skyline had a really good Hot Turkey once and went there to find the cafe inside closed at midnight.  Later I remembered the grand cafe was open 24 hours but wasn't sure if it would have what i desired.  So my group and I went over and to my delight found that they had what I was looking for.The waitstaff was great, at 3 am it was busy inside but still intimate and quiet.  I didn't have to wait for refills, and the quality of the food was amazing.  I went back the next night and had another one.  I also got a large rice crispy bar for under $2.00.  Everything about this place was pretty exceptional.
4	A local casino catered to the Las Vegas residents. Reasonable buy-in at tables and not as crowded as the casinos on the strip.
3	The hotel is not too bad, we upgraded to a tower room which is in the newer section of the hotel...it was clean and the bed was huge, the water pressure was good even though the shower had no fan. We had a view of the strip so can't complain for the price.It is not very close by to anything, the free shuttles run on a weird schedule so we cabbed it to the strip...it was about $20 or so. The casino is really horrible here though, the slot machines are outdated and not very fun and the table games are few and far between. I wish they had more blackjack tables, wasted some money on texas hold 'em and pai gow poker.The ONLY reason that I booked here was so that I could have easy access to the Oyster Bar, we went here two nights in a row and I will be back again when I am in Vegas next!!!
1	Smells of tobacco throughout the casino..ugh....the place is just plain outdated
4	The staff here is top notch. I spend about 4 weeks a year working in this hotel and they all have come to know me and treat me like family. From James and Adam at the bell desk to Geena and Christina in the VIP Lounge they always go out of their way to help me with whatever I need. Sheri and Naki in the sales office are two of the most helpful and professional people I have had the pleasure of working with.The food court has been upgraded and The Johnny Rockets is as good as any i've been to. They also have Subway, Bonanno, The Feast Buffet, Cabo, the Broiler, and the world famous Oyster Bar. Plenty to choose from.The rooms are a huge upgrade from what they were a few years ago. Very clean and they all have flat screens when staying in the tower.Overall this is a great hotel. Don't let the negative reviews turn you away. Stay here if you can't afford a top notch strip hotel. You won't regret it!
3	I was very skeptical because of some of the reviews on here but booked this hotel anyways. I'm glad I did. I upgraded to a tower room (wouldn't stay here without the tower upgrade). The room was actually very nice, was big, and had a good view as well. The casino downstairs is very interesting place. I liked that the limits are low but the clientele is not great. A taxi ride was only 10-15 bucks to most places on the strip and they have a free shuttle as well. Based on the price I would stay here again if I needed a discount hotel in Las Vegas.
2	If you want to experience old vegas this would be a good starter. 2 out of 5 stars.
1	The rooms we stayed in were nasty, floors were dirty and stained, and smelled like a perm shop. But what really makes this place horrible is the customer service. Went to Starbucks to get a iced coffee for my wife and she rudely  says  "we don't have any more iced coffee" (either they were out of ice or they were out of coffee in thinking ?) then shes like we'll we do have americano. (That's coffee now were is the ice)We also went to the breakfast buffet which was good but 10 hours later we are pooping like pigeons and still feel full ???? (Somethings not right) The staff there were really rude as well smart remarks when all I had was a question. And do not eat the cookies from the cafe they must have been at least a month old. (And my wife loves cookie but she passed)I will never go there again ! If this place would hire the right person to manage the facilities people would want to come back. (Maybe they just don't care!)I would love to have the chance to manage that casino sounds like a nice career if its done right. oh and the remote in our room was for a zenith we had a GE !
4	- Old casino but conveniently located on Sahara next to I-15.- Inside there's the 24/7 delicious Oyster Bar.- They have 24/7 $5 minimum blackjack tables.
4	The lady is old but she is not out of the game. Cheapest rooms are the courtyard rooms from the motel part of the casino are updated and clean. Decent motel pool which kids enjoy and lots of lounge chairs for relaxing and sunning. Upgrade from there is the tower rooms with nice rooms with black granite top desk and dresser/tv stand. Tv is big and swivels. The bed is taller than the norm but is memory foam like soft... sleeping itn it is so easy and I like firm beds!  Bathroom has one sink but lots of counter space as well as a shelf. If you want a coffee machine in your room, all you have to do is ask for one, as they are no longer in room.  Desk has lamp with single plug in outlet so bring a mobile multi outlet for more than one device. No free Internet access is not cheap nor expensive but there is McDonalds across the street. Feast buffet is decent with glimpses to great but they can let things dry out so look for fresh items. Great staff throughout. The is a Starbucks in the lobby but if you bring your own cup they can fill it for you so you get the beverage and you have to transfer it yourself ( casino policy is not to bring anything in that is not their own for health and safety reasons and that is understandable). The Broiler & Oyster Bar is top notch but always busy yet it is worth the wait.  The Cafe is great for light fare and midnight specials are great for a late night nosh!   It's a nice place to stay for the money period with bingo!
3	The oyster bar at the palace sure has changed for the worse. Placed order for fried calamari, not very tasty needed salt. Then ordered the oysters on the half shell, always fresh and large sized. Then had the ettoufe, ordered a 3 on the spicey scale and Ricardo the chef gave us at least an 8.5. Jerk! Haven't decided if I'm going back, things have not been the same since jay jay and Sandra left. Oh forgot to mention portion sizes are 50% less than they used to be including the draft beers.Naaaa not going back.
3	Went to the fights (televised), then to the Pasta Restaurant.  Our wait staff was not professional, one waitress asked us to pass around out water glass, wth?  Its like "no, go to each person and fill their glass! Hello?".  Our main waiter thought he was really cute by telling us "no" to our requests before doing them.  Like "may I have a box?" and then "No, you may not.".  Not cute, even in jest, its not cute or funny, especially like 5 times during the dinner.  Then, he asked how soon we would be done, as the chefs wanted to leave and close the restaurant.  WTF?  It was barely 10!  I guess forget dessert!?  Our dinner was average.  Nothing special, but definitely not bad.  We would have enjoyed more if not for the unprofessional wait staff.
1	Been coming here because it cheap, close to family and convenient..... Well now it's none of those and staff has become rude. On our last trip, I called ahead the day we were to arrive and said we will be checking in after midnight but we were still on our way, they said that they will note it on our reservation and hold the room for us. When we arrived the very unfriendly man at the receptionist desk said that the room was not clean and it will be about a 10 minute wait till we can get our room. Mind you it's about 12:40PM and we had just spent the last 6 hours driving in.... not really what I wanted to hear. He wasn't even apologetic about it. So I asked since we were inconvenienced can we get 2 free breakfast buffet coupons. He said I have to check, he went over and asked what I assume to be another reception desk worker, then came back and told me no. I asked well can you at least wave one of the resort fees, ($12.99 per day for Vegas Strip shuttle, pool usage, and Wifi conventions charge, even though its $5.99 to use the WiFi in your room per day)I told him I wasn't even going to use any of those things. He said no. I asked can I at least have an extended check out.... He said the latest he could do was 1:00 pm. Not great customer service. Once day I needed a quick bite well getting ready so I went down to the "Food Court", umm 2 places to get some fast food does not make a "Food Court" in my eyes.... It was a Fast food Johnny Rockets and some already made Pizza place. I opted for a slice of pizza, a $7.00 slice of pizza. It was ok, but not $7.00 ok.... The guy who help me there wasn't all that friendly either, and said maybe all of 2 words to me.... "Can I help you" Ok my bad he said all of 4 words to me. The rooms was ok, but the bathroom could use some touch up... the wallpaper had finger print smudges all over it... the towels look stained, and the hand show they leave for you smelled gross. And the last Icing on the cake was at 7:30 am on our check out day..... The cleaning crew was outside our door having a very loud and long conversation.... I had to call the front desk and complained, it was insane, I couldn't even go back to sleep! I don't plan on coming back here again. This review was for a Tower Room, the Court Yard rooms are much older, much more in need of a good deep cleaning and they also don't have any elevators in the Court Yard rooms, so make sure to travel light if you're on the second floor. No bell hop service was ever offered any of the times I stayed.
4	Arrived super late one night and we were not sure what to expect (Considering the cheap cost, and okay-reviews), I was not sure where the best place to park so I asked a security on a bike, he was very helpful and gave great advice.We walked into the the Lobby, and was greeted by the front desk No-Line=No Wait :), we let him know it was our first time in this specific hotel, and at the end of our conversation he said, we don't do this often but we have upgraded you to a suite. We were very grateful, and still didn't know what to expect but were excited! We arrived to the second to the top floor, and came to our room Wow what an experience we walked into our hall way that went into a huge living space and bedroom all in one! with Huge Windows wrapping the room overseeing the strip, and mountains, and the surrounding city, the restroom was huge its self and had a huge tub (We didn't use, but it was still nice to have).We washed up and went directly to the oyster bar, it was a little busy but not really a wait. The staff was helpful and were pretty fast with orders. A lot of locals come to this spot just for the oysters.Overall the place was a little outdated, but not dirty. The staff seemed all friendly, and the casino is a good size.If your looking for a bargain this is a place to stay especially if your only looking for that One Extra night, or arriving late to Vegas and don't want to pay Top Dollar for a fancy place only for a few hours.
5	I have been staying at this hotel for years......The staff is super friendly. My host name is Tri. He rocks..... Anytime I come to Vegas I call him and he always comes through for a room for me even if its booked solid.I stay for free however it's not really free cause they want you to gamble.... I have won and lost there, sorta average out, I'm more one the losing side. Like who is not, unless you hit the mega slot......Once again thank you very much Tri for your dedication and services.
1	If you are assigned the courtyard run the other way!!!! This place will lie to you and this is the cemetery for customer service. The front desk staff is as rude as can be!!!!! This location does not specify whether the rooms are in the courtyard or in the towers. The tower rooms are decent but the courtyard rooms make the average motel feel like a five star room! First of all the outdated decor stinks of smoke and mold. The beds are uncomfortable, lumpy, and disgusting. There is absolutely no central air conditioning in the courtyard rooms. It's a disgusting wall unit that blows swamp temps. It's muggy and hot no matter what. Thank you but no thank you Palace Station. I will not be visiting again anytime soon.
1	Called to reserve our stay thinking we had a great deal and they didn't notify us hidden fees. Such as the deposits and services. We got what we paid for...cheap as is near the strip. Receive a full/queen bed when asked for king. The curtesy of the customer service and register were very rude to us. No smiles nor a welcoming face. Rooms were dusty and have a little smell (urine) non-smoking section. My foot nearly stub onto a sharp invisible  nail near the edge by the carpet looks like it was poorly construction. I wish to not come back to this stay again. Waitresses would take forever to gets drinks for you when if gambling. This is a place to go when on budget but I could see that there's other or even ghetto places have better stay to offer. Giving a one point for "hot water" in showers and making a use out of the hidden fee for the shuttle bus. Use it or loose it and first come first serve. have seen many people had to wait another hour for the next transit which is pretty sad when it gets really packed and time isn't manage.
4	Stayed here for my bf's bday while ballin on a budget in Vegas. Booked a Groupon for a deluxe tower room for a week & hoped for the best... I mean we'd probably be out partying for most of our time there anyway right?! With all the mixed reviews I was super nervous & paranoid about booking a roach fest by the strip during the whole drive out there. However, when we arrived I couldn't have been happier! Great view of strip, huge flat screen, marble counter tops & tiled shower with glass doors HOORAY! Super clean room & friendly staff cheeeck!! Deluxe room indeed.. & for the price ohhhh yea a win! Heads up, most hotels in Vegas have a resort fee that you have to pay extra per night... at Palace it was about $15 or $16 bucks. Either way, couldn't beat it for the price, pretty close to strip (circus circus side) & a great buffet price (use your hotel rewards card for additional discounts). Breakfast was good, don't recommend lunch*Obviously, there are more luxurious hotels in Vegas if you have the cash but if your looking to get a pretty sweet room for a super deal this is a great hotel (:
2	For 5 nights (checked in Tues night and checked out Sun), we paid $163.23 initially (this included the amount to stay a night plus tax), and then at check out, we paid the resort fee (which was $16.79 a day x 5 days = $83.95) for a total of $247.18, which is roughly $50 a night including everything. You are forewarned -- this place charges a resort fee of $16.79 a day and prices are subject to change. Also, at check-in, they place a $100 deposit on your credit card in case something is broken/damaged. Make sure they give you this $100 deposit back at check-out.We stayed in the courtyard rooms. These rooms are behind the hotel main tower and look worse/more condemned than a Motel 6. When I saw what we were staying in, I felt uneasy. If you could avoid the courtyard rooms, please do so. Inside the room was meh -- dirty, musty, old carpet, a TV, no fridge, a small desk, a stand-up only shower that probably wouldn't accommodate someone over 6 feet, small sink, a mirror that was situated awkwardly high, hair dryer, no coffee machine, clean toilet, clean sheets, and clean towels. The beds were ok -- we were able to sleep. The AC is kind of loud (there is a thermostat on the wall). We preferred not to have maid service, even though it is included in the resort fee. We just don't like people walking in to where our things are. Each day when we would leave, we would put the do not disturb sign on our door knob. On 2 of the 5 days, the do not disturb signs went missing and our rooms ended up being cleaned. Not sure if it was some prank or if the maids took it off so they could clean our rooms and therefore get tip? Anyways, not a good feeling.As for wifi in the room -- kind of confusing. It says wifi is included in the resort fee, however, to log in to wifi daily, you have to go through a screen and accept a $5.99 charge for every 24 hours, typing in your name and room number. I was nervous because I would have to accept the $5.99 each time thinking that it would somehow appear on my check-out slip, but it ended up not being on my bill. So for future reference: you shouldn't be charged the wifi even though it says so. If you want clarification/reassurance, call the front desk or operator.To sum it up:Pros (not much):-The Oyster Bar on the main casino floor is FANTASTIC! If you're a seafood fan, you have to try this place.-There are security guards on bikes roaming around the parking garage and hotel grounds (even the courtyard area) at all hours.-There is plenty of lighting in the courtyard parking lot, even though it does look sketchy.-Had no problems with service. Everyone we interacted with was cordial.Cons:-It's an old hotel, so some of the amenities are older/dirtier/could use an update.-It's mandatory to have a key to walk in to the hallway for the courtyard rooms from the parking lot, but for our first 3 days, this door was broken (so anybody could walk in to the area in which our room was).-It's kind of nerve-wracking feeling unsafe about leaving your car in the courtyard parking lot.-Not in the best neighborhood, kind of in a ghetto area.If I do stay here again, I would make sure to book a tower room.
3	I stay here a lot because of the price, and the location is fairly central. Whatever you do, do NOT stay in the cheapest rooms, the "courtyard" rooms. They are in the old motel building and are TERRIBLE and very unsafe. Upgrade to a tower room. They have gone through multiple owners and the ups and downs associated with that. There is a daily resort fee, which covers the crappy wifi. Parking is free and plentiful. There used to be a free shuttle to the strip but that appears to be gone, along with the free airport shuttle. Too bad, they were nice perks, and made the off-strip location more usable. The rooms vary drastically. Sometimes they are nice and clean, others are beat. It's kind of a crapshoot.
3	Wow, this little ole hotel is actually not too bad. After reading all the reviews here on yelp , I was expecting a not-so-great hotel/casino. I stayed one night in the newer suites and enjoyed It. Yeah, sure it's not the best of the best, but still gets the job done if your looking for something simple. When I first initially checked in, the front desk guy seemed standoffish as I was trying to make a friendly convo with him but he didn't seem to reciprocate back so I just left it as is. The beds were comfy and seemed pretty clean. I really loved their glass elevator as it had a pretty view of Las Vegas.
4	I was at least 10 times is one of the best in Vegas. The variety of  the food is very big and always everything  is  fresh,I can also certainly say that  it's very cheap, (for the  breakfast is 5 $, lunch 7 and dinner 9  )inside the place it's quiet and the staff is nice. I did not put 5 star just because most of the time for to go inside you have to wait at least 30 min, but worth it!
1	Wow what a rip off. We get in on a late flight and of coarse our room is not ready so they put us in another for the night. No big problem right? Well this other room they put us in had a broken sink in the bathroom.  Since we had just arrived we just threw bags in the room and went down stairs for food, drinks, and to gamble so I never even glanced into the bathroom. Anyway a few short hours of drink and play we return up to the room. This is when I notice the broken sink and immediately report it to the hotel. They say no problem at all and not to worry about it. Well time for check out they want to charge me for their broke stuff when I had nothing to do with it? I call that BS and stealing. Watch out braise these Vegas leaches are out for you an do not care about it at all. What terrible service.
3	I stayed in a tower room. Pretty decent, but $5.99 / day on your credit card for internet kinda sucks.I was very impressed with the size and taste of the 3 egg omelet at the coffee shop. OMG, just order one and split it with a another person.
5	This is just a review for the late night crap dealers and pit boss. Me and the lady came here recently just to try out the oyster bar on our way out ended up playing a little at the tables. We walked by the craps table and the dealers there invited us to play we informed them that we didn't know how to play but they were so cordial and insisted that they would teach us. To make a long story short we played lost our money but had a blast! Thank you guys my lady would have never had the courage to throw the dice!
1	Let me start off by saying, by staying here we did not expect a Rio/Ceaser's type of casino stay. We were aware of the price difference, but we did not expect what we got either. Stayed here for two Looooooong nights! Got there Saturday and only rooms available were courtyard rooms. We walked Into our room and give it a little less than a super 8 look. The room was clean but in a dirty looking way. The nights were long because of all the loud noise traffic by other guests.  Given a choice would rather pay the extra costs or stay at a Super 8.  The resort fee is a complete joke,
3	Fair warning I didn't actually stay at this Hotel, rather I attended a two-day seminar in a banquet room near the Buffet and played a little (while on breaks) in the Casino.Overall it appears to be a nice Casino/Hotel.  It's an older property and is not in the best neighborhood, though I did see Security riding around the parking lot on bicycles a few times.  This appears to be a popular place with the locals as I saw many hanging around.  Parts of the Casino appear to be very worn, though other parts are very well maintained which tells me that they are probably slowly remodeling the Hotel which isn't a bad thing.  Actually seemed pretty nice for an off-the-strip hotel/casino.Other people who I attended the seminar with did stay at the Hotel and no one had any complaints that I heard.  I also heard good things about the Buffet but didn't actually eat there, prices seem really good.
4	Warning:  No resort can be all things to all people and The Palace Station is NOT a good choice for many of the whiners and cry babies who post here. We stayed in a double/double in the Courtyard for only $34.00 per night, including the resort fee which is an incredible bargain. The beds and the room were fine--no tub, but a shower large enough for two.  While the carpet in the hallway was somewhat aged, the room was only steps from the parking lot, which is rare in Las Vegas.  The food choices were excellent, and having grown up by the Chesapeake Bay, I found their Raw Bar to be among the best I have ever visited.  The Feast Buffet was great and at $7.99pp it was as good or better than most others at two or three times the cost.   Our favorite was the Grand Cafe with its $4.99 Las Vegas Shrimp Coctail which came with 30+ smallish but delicious shrimp.  The Cafe has a number of inexpensive, but delicious entrees, and has a great breakfast.  We were very sad to find The Broiler was closed:(The Gaming is superb, and the slots offer better odds than any of the "Strip" casinos.  We found the staff and servers very helpful, quickly fixing a glitch in the Wireless Internet. Even the dealers were friendly. The Palace Station reminds one of a bygone era where one got an excellent product at an affordable price.
3	When visiting a local casino, I typically wind up at one of the other Stations. I have been to Palace on one other occassion for a comedy show, but have never spent time in the casino gambling before. The table games section seemed kind of crowded and some of the black jack tables had me sitting right up against a wall. The dealers seemed friendly enough, especially Michael who just happened to be wearing the wrong name tag. David or Michael, as he was quick to point out, seemed very experienced, but new to Palace Station. Maybe his name tag wasn't completed yet and it is in their policy to wear one, even if the name is wrong. Who knows? It made for interesting conversation, though. Eventhough it was rather busy and crowded, the waitresses came by frequently with their melodic chants of "Cocktails? Cocktails?" I didn't have any luck at the tables or at the machines, but that's nothing new for me and I had a good time any way. This wouldn't be my first choice when it comes to Station Casinos, but I would return again, if in the area and got the itch.
3	My husband and I stayed at here in the courtyard rooms.  The building is older, but seems to be well maintained and decently clean. I felt safe and secure the entire time.We had fun playing the slots and playing bingo (which was reasonable in price).  Donated a lot, but it was still fun.  I just wish Vegas would mandate no smoking in the casinos, it was rather gross.Their restaurants were just okay.  The Grand Cafe was yummy and their portion sizes were large.  Cabo and the Italian restarurants were a little over priced and I've had better food elsewhere.  The "Beast Buffet" was a great deal!  Their food was good and there was a really good selection.  Their waitstaff did a wonderful job making sure plates were cleared and drinks were full.Front desk staff offered nothing in regards to activities, shuttle information, etc unless you asked.  They did not offer anything and were overall unfriendly, but can't expect too much when you're paying less than $25/night (plus a ridiculous resort fee of $16-17 a night)Will consider staying here again.
3	Stayed here several years back, I believe before the remodel.  Seems to be a star down from the other Station Casinos, but I think it's partly due to the area of town it's located in - right off the interstate, but the surrounding neighborhoods are a bit seedy.Go for the tower vs. courtyard rooms.I didn't check out any of the restaurants this trip, so can't really comment.I do recall that the business center was a little bit on the pricey side - the computer kiosks were set up in a way where it automatically took a $15-$20 deposit off of your debit card, even if you were only using a terminal for a minute or two, which was credited back to your account days later.  Kind of inconvenient.
1	God's Holy Trousers!!!Pros: Oyster BarCons: Everything from A to Z except for O. Seriously worse than a Roach Motel on a sunny day. The stay from the rooms, service and the Team Members has had left a bad taste. Vegas has better spots even for the budget minded but stay away from this joint.(Forced to consider this as almost all the hot spots on or around the Strip were full due to SEMA 2013 Convention)
3	This is a pretty tranquil place. Not to crazy and its away from all the fuss and buss of the strip. This hotel is more for locals but it's worth trying out.
3	Stay here at least once a year, for the money you can't beat it, just don't end up in the "Garden" its a two story building with no elevator and lots of questionable people coming and going. If you get a tower room, its nice, clean, large, and really a great value.
1	Bad bad bad. Did I mention this place is bad? Smoke smelling non smoking rooms. Less than helpful staff. Never never get the ground floor cheap motel like garden rooms. Awful
4	Dollar margaritas, cheap gambling, what more can a person ask for? A couple minutes off the strip, but totally worth coming to if you want to escape the pricey minimums at the casinos on the strip. Though this place smells of pure cigarette smoke, the staff is super funny and awesome to chat it up with. I loved the crap table dealers because even though they were old, they were still down to experience EDC. Overall, if you want super cheap margaritas and cheap table minimums then Palace Station is totally worth going to.
2	I recently stayed here, and I am going to warn you that you should spend your money elsewhere!  Every single day I stayed, the hotel maid staff walked in on me sleeping in bed and showering even with the "do not disturb" sign on the door which I never removed once.  I thought it was disrespectful and a clear lack of privacy which I clearly asked for.  Yes the hotel room was clean and very inexpensive (about $40 plus tax for a single night) but the lack of privacy is a big turn off for me.  The hotel is right off the strip, but it might be worth the extra money to stay at a hotel on the strip, as I spent a considerable amount of money in cab fares to and from the strip on a daily basis.  Please reconsider if you are going to stay at this hotel, I would not recommend it whatsoever.
2	ONLY reason why I'm here, two words OYSTER BAR. I know my friend LOVES this spot - oyster bar. cheap tables. comp'ed rooms galore. But the thing is, the casino is dingy, old, and ciggie filled I think even if they re-did the entire place it would still reek of old ciggie smells. The rooms are tidy, neat, and clean. Yes the tables are hellva cheap and you can take turns gambling, as you're waiting in the never ending line. But it's really what you get what you pay for.This place is off strip, on the other side of the 15 off Sahara. Close to the Asian food areas though! No need to pay for valet - their parking is right in the front of the casino/check in area.
2	Whatever you do DON'T stay in the courtyard rooms no matter how cheap they are. The walls are so thin you can hear everybody's conversations and you will definitely get woken up by constant loud noise. The room is also outdated. There's also no elevators for the courtyard rooms. Pay the upgrade to stay in the tower. It's so much nicer. The Oyster Bar is the best thing here, but be prepared to stand in line and wait. There's always a lot of people waiting unless you go in the middle of the night. There's only bar seating.
4	Reading a few of the reviews makes me think. Lack of planning on one's part should not translate to a bad rating on a hotel. ...Hardly ever having played at the P/S, we received postcard for free nights. Figured we'd take a chance, and get some free nights booked. We travel to Vegas for Biz quite often, so why not stay for free (and save the time share points).We were expecting nothing special. Check in was easy, Bell man service was excellent, Valet super simple. The first time we stayed we were bumped up to the Suite in the tower. Walking down the hall we were preparing ourselves for a good laugh. When we walked in the room, it was amazingly nice (compared to expectations). They bumped us to the best room (I have literally gambled less than $100. in the P/S), without asking. Clean, newish, very nice. Wasn't Pallazo, but wasn't $250 a night either. As of this writing, we have stayed a total of 12 nights, and have paid $39.00 total (added on an extra night we had to pay for) including all taxes. Some stay were 100% zero cost. October, November, & December are great times in Vegas since it is very quiet and the hotels want your biz.Restaurants: Mexican Food, Fairly Standard, 7~10, Italian 4~10 (pretty cheap and nice setting, but not real great taste! Maybe their pizza is better??) Cafe for Breakfast is usually decent 7~10.  Didn't do the Oyster bar but it's packed out ALL the time, so must be good. There is a Subway and Johnny Rockets (got a 1/2 price shake with the player card!) .Bottom Line  - Stay in the tower!!! Don't expect opulence, but clean should be expected. Bring an extra towel for yourself, they only give you two, and aren't real accommodating on extras. Have your cute wife there when you check in so you can schmooze the dude to get a room upgrade.
4	Sure, Palace Station is run-down & stuck in the 70's when it was built, but it has its share of 'best kept secrets'. It's not just the place where you end up after losing nearly all your money at the pretty casinos. Or maybe it's that, too, but it isn't as bad as many might initially assume. A few things make the off-strip spot worth the mini-detour, & these are (in no particular order)...1. The Oyster Bar2. Bingo (for us folks that like bingo) + free drinks3. The Feast Buffet (which is an OK buffet, great for people trying to save $)4. Chang's HK Cuisine (actually I'm not sure it's still there, but they have some good stuff)5. They got OJ. Get your photo taken there.
4	I'm going to give this place a 4  because the doors to go outside wouldn't open after 10pm so we have to walk all the way around to our rooms. It's do-able but if you have heavy bags you're going to be huffing and puffing when you get to your room.  The rooms were clean and decent. I don't really care about the quality of the bed because I've slept likea baby on the floor before but my gf doesn't think the beds are comfortable.  The restroom looks nice though. I like it a lot. I think if they would upgrade something in the rooms it would have to be the tvs. It's not that the TV was small but because it's too old.  But hey,  it works.  I like their little work out room too.  Very helpful to relieve some stress especially for those who lost their money gambling lol. The casino was nice. Had a great time with my family in there.  I like that they have restaurants and they're open late.  However idk if the restaurants are open 24 hrs. The food was pretty cheap though.  There were 99 cents margaritas which were yummy. At the Oyster bar I saw on the menu that says after 1am bud lights were 2 dollars I believe which is a good price. Unfortunately I didn't get to take advantage of that.  We ate at the restaurant for breakfast. I ordered spaghetti with meatballs and I would have to say it was yummmmaaaaay.  I think pricings on their food is very fair.  Our server was nice.  Very much appreciated for her service.  checking in and checking out was really simple and quick.  Other than that there's nothing else.  Oh and one more thing if you want to get their rooms for cheap check it thrift trip advisor. Omg you will really be satisfy with how much you'll end up paying.
1	The worst hotel I ever stayed in Vegas.Feel like haunted motel style.If we can rank 0.5 star I like to do it.
4	Stay only in the tower.  Expect what I would compare to a new Hotel nice room.  Nothing fancy but nice. My 11th floor room had excellent view of the Strip, large walk in shower and big new tv.  Buffet is a true value.  Hotel is not for first timers who want to experience Vegas.  Close in but isolated.  If you stay here to save money you're very likely to give it all back to taxis, so you're better off on the Strip. If you have a car this is an excellent choice.  Oyster Bar really is good and priced appropriately.  Expect $60 with a drink for 2.  Counter only, maybe 20 seats.  You can usually estimate 20 minutes to wait per person in line in front of you.  I've stayed in almost every hotel in Vegas over the past 25 years so this is a pretty balanced review.
4	I've stayed at Palace many times over the past several years.  All in all its a good value for the price as long as you are staying in the Tower.  The courtyard is much older and the rooms are such that a lot of people would just not find them acceptable. The Tower rooms are newer, generally clean, and most people I know seem to agree that they are a good value for Vegas.Positives:1) Good price/value.2) Free shuttle to and from the airport which is nice given that the taxi ride is about $30.00 each way.3) The Oyster Bar- a must visit.4) Reasonable chance at comps if you play a fair amount. 5) A decent variety of food choices although nothing higher end.Negatives:1) Resort fee (about $17.00).  This is no resort and its kind of insulting when they stick you with that at the end. You get "free" wi-fi but I'd rather just pay the $5.99. This is my biggest pet peeve.2) The room safes are not working 90% of the time and almost every time you check in you need to call security to come have them replace the battery or fix whatever the problem is. C'mom....every time??3) Bad selection of blackjack tables. Usually only 1 table with a shoe and its a $5.00 table and you get a lot of people who don't know what they are doing. They should have at least 2 tables with shoes, 1 low end and 1 higher end.4) A higher percentage of pit bosses who are jerks and seem to hate their jobs compared to other casinos.5) Checking in is miserable if there is a line. Slowest hotel in Vegas with the possible exception of The Flamingo and I've stayed at them all. It's Palace Station, you are not going on a 21 day cruise around the world, how can it possibly take that long to check in,
3	Palace Station! This place is both good and bad. Depending on what you are looking for this could be the perfect dream or perfect nightmare. This is a 3 Star Hotel and for decent price you get a decent place. NEVER get the discounted rooms. Believe me pay the extra $10 or $20 more for a tower room. I think the tower rooms were upgraded around 2006, but the discounted rooms have been there since the beginning of time. A few friends of mine reserved a standard room around 2006 took one look at the Discount rooms and said HELL NO! We upgraded immediately afterwards. "We love locals" I have a slight gripe with this logo plastered all over the hotel and casino. I feel like a semi-local because I visit Las Vegas every year more often than I visit my parents. I have nothing against locals, but if you want the to experience the  Las Vegas you see on TV and Movies you DO NOT want the local experience. Let's just say for the tourist don't leave the Strip Area after dark. I am slightly offended, because I don't feel welcome as a visitor. Does a 4 hour drive count as local? Why do they love locals? Coupons anyone?PROS:-A great feeling of old Las Vegas. Back in the day discount room, free food, and rewards were flowing everywhere to attract people to gamble. Now in 2014, The Strip doesn't care you pay crazy prices for stay, food, and resort fee. There are no discounts, because they make money through everything now. Palace Station still gives discounts and free rooms.-Coupons with every stay on food and gambling.-Oyster Bar! :) If you haven't been here at least once while in Las Vegas, you are crazy. Open 24 hours!-The best 3 star hotel! For a bargain hunter don't even both with Circus Circus or motels-Rewards! I got free rooms after one visit from slot play.-The Grand Cafe is is pretty decent for breakfast or late night food.-Located near the 15 Freeway off Shara Exit you won't get lost. On your final day it's easy for a quit exit.-Parking. Easy and close by. Just lock your doors and take valuables.CONS:-It's not a 4 or 5 star hotel. I usually don't go to 3 star hotels, but if I feel like saving money. Palace station is the best.-Casino smoke can get pretty intense. First reason it doesn't have the state of the art vents like the larger casinos. A lot of people smoke here. Even in a non-smoking room you will notice it. Get outside when ever you can.-"We love Locals"-Poker Room is depressing. I love 2/4 and 3/6 half kill Limit Poker with small blinds. I gave up going here. It's just locals using coupons and getting rewards. It was much better back during the Poker Craze of early 2000.The pros out way the cons here. I want to give Palace Stations more stars, but I can't because the cons drive me nuts. I will highly recommend this place to anyone on a budget and tell anyone that has high expectation to leave now. At least eat at the Oyster bar that is by far the best feature :).
2	Brace your lungs for stale and smoky air before visiting this local's casino. Sportsbook here is a bit on the old school side, but they do have one giant screen and several large couch-chairs to sit on while viewing. Crowd wasn't too rowdy, but the senior citizens here are serious about their college ball bets, so consider yourself warned.Among the dining options here are a pizza place and a 24 hour Subway with questionable service- but then again, I'd be spaced out too if I were a teenage guy responsible for making sandwiches within eyesight of a televised basketball game on a screen that takes up an entire wall.BF makes frequent appearances here for sports betting, and I occasionally opt to come along. There are table games here, but the majority of the floor is slots. Parking is usually pretty easy to find and there typically isn't too much traffic in this area, which is a plus.
2	The Palace Station is essentially two hotels in one, and whether you like it or hate it largely depends on which of the two you pick.  This place has a Courtyard section, which is more like a motel, and the Tower section, which is decent.  I stayed at this hotel for three nights, the first in the Courtyard and the last two in a Tower room.  The Courtyard area is disgusting.  In order to get to this part of the hotel, you have to walk out of the casino and into a separate building.  I felt like I was being punished for opting to be frugal and getting the cheaper room.  They claim that the entire Courtyard section is smoke-free, but don't kid yourself.  You'll be smelling cigarette smoke for the entire time you're there.  When I walked into the room, it felt like I was walking into an ashtray.  All the furniture and linens smell like cigarette smoke.  The room itself is very small.  The beds take up most of the space, and there isn't much room to walk around.  I didn't sleep very well in my one night in this room because the smell of cigarettes in the linens was nauseating.  Also, the walls are thin and don't block the sound of people talking in the hallway, or of the people in the adjacent rooms.  The next morning, I went back to the check-in area and complained about the room.  They told me that they'd move me to a Tower room, but I'd have to pay $25 extra per night.  I asked to speak with the manager, who told me it's not their fault that people choose to smoke in an area that's designated as smoke free.  In her words, it's not the management's fault if the guests are "being rude" by smoking.  After an argument that lasted almost 10 minutes, during which I threatened to leave and then file a dispute with my credit card company to get my money back for the room, the manager finally gave in and switched me to a Tower room at no additional cost.The Tower room was very decent.  There was no cigarette odor, the linens on the beds were very clean, and so was the bathroom.  The room was considerably larger than the one in the Courtyard, and had far more room to walk around.  This was a very decent, prototypical hotel room.  The WiFi in the room was also very good.The casino itself is fairly standard.  They have slot machines and all the basic table games.  There are a number of nice places to eat.  It's certainly not a flashy casino, and it doesn't come close to rivaling those in hotels on The Strip, but it's pretty standard compared to other casinos that are off the strip.  This hotel advertises very heavily to locals, because  locals might enjoy being in a casino that doesn't feel touristy.  To that end, this place will serve them well.I admit, I chose to stay at this hotel because of its connection to OJ Simpson.  This is the place where OJ came to get his property back from people who had stolen it from him, and now he's serving a lengthy prison term for what went down.  All of that happened in room 1203 in the Courtyard.  I definitely walked by that room just to check it out.If you're coming to Vegas on a once in a lifetime vacation, don't stay here.  Pay the extra money and stay at a hotel on Las Vegas Blvd.  If you do end up staying here, definitely opt for the Tower rooms.  The Courtyard rooms aren't worth the discounted price.  Personally, I don't think I'll be coming back here again.  I didn't like it.
1	No coffee maker no mini fridge bad internet terrible customer service as radio went off in room adjacent to mine late evening hours and it took security over half hour to come turn off after I called several times and had them hang up on me
3	I have done one trip a year to Vegas (the first two days of March Madness) for the past 17 years and have stayed up and down the Strip.  Stayed here last year for the first time, loved the sports book.  I could find a seat, Subway in the back for food, watch the games.  If you want to bet, watch the games, eat, drink, this place was cool.  I did get a little too drunk, insulted a waitress and was cut off for two hours but hey, that's me.Stayed in the courtyard area, all rooms nonsmoking so I just slipped outside, no biggie. The room was fine.  This year, they comped me and I'm in the tower with a smoking room.  Woo hoo!Not fancy but okay and just down the street from the original Hash House A-Go-Go.  I had an affinity for the Sahara but it's gone now, so Palace Station it is.  I hate the Strip.
2	This was a horrible hotel for the following reasons: (1) cigarette smoke everywhere--even in the nonsmoking rooms, (2) courtyard rooms are horrible--stay in the tower, (3) house keeping either gave me no towels or only one, (4) food was disgusting no matter where you purchased it from, (5) must pay extra for WiFi, and (6) lobby is very barren--no place to sit while waiting for others in your party.This place did not meet our expectations at all.
4	OK. Its not a five star on the strip.  If you get the older section called the courtyard be prepared for an older original Vegas. Not my taste, but usually very cheap..  The tower however has consistently been nice.  Would be a good three star, except the valet constantly rocks.  Remember that I have been there more than once, offer to have my car ready and waiting at a certain time.  Front desk usually extremely nice too.Whenever you book, be prepared to pay the additional resort fee.
2	Tried to get a cheap deal... Paid the price.Front desk lady was pushing upgrades... I gave her my $16.75 "resort fee" HAHA. And walked through an alley to get to my room.  Internet doesn't work, AC is an old school box.At least the shower is cute and tiny bathroom appears remodeled.  I thought all cheap motels had a comforter on the bed... Here you get a sheet! Brrrrr
1	The place is not bad for the price you pay for. I would give this place more stars if there wasn't of the miscommunication that the front desk provided us. If you decide to book this hotel, be prepared to their daily mandatory service fee $15 on top of room cost which is for poor service. Be aware that you might end up paying more than you expected.
2	Off strip casino, supposedly 'where the locals go' but the machines were tight so I think that's just an urban legend. Dirty and very very smoky. Sketchy clientele.
3	The Line at the Cashiers Cage is a Lesson in HUMILITY.OMG the line is 10people deep, but there is only one Cashier and the line moves so slooow.Better have time otherwise U'll have a coronary waiting for your turn at the Window.Otherwise they have 99cents Magaritas-They are good too.Get em at any Casino Bar!
1	Staying in the section of the hotel that's considered the courtyard completely nasty and awful.  The smell, look, everything else made Vegas a bad experience to start but we quickly check out and paid 50 dollars a night more and stayed at the Hard Rock Casino & Hotel.
3	Not bad seems a little out dated don't think I would stay there..
4	Home of the legendary and best of the best of oyster bars in Vegas. nuff' said. Lol I don't really care for casinos because I don't gamble unless they have good restaurants, buffet and other attractions. In this case, palace stations Oyster bar has that reputation and with patrons willing to wait an hour or so to eat. I just haven't built the patience to stand for that long yet but I am going to try it one day. The grand cafe has late night deals as well.
2	If you stay here get a tower room. They are reasonably priced and fairly modern. All the other rooms are a glorified version of "pay by the hour" rooms. They're dated and they stink. The sportsbook is more like a sportsbook museum. They actually still write the odds on a white board. How quaint, or sad, depending on how you look at it. Go there after 3 am and you will see the shift change strippers piling in to throw away their "hard earned money". The oyster bar used to be hidden gem but now its a victim of it's own success. Long lines for food that no longer hits the mark. They must advertise in Orange County, CA because the oyster bar is always packed with asians from OC. More proof that nothing good in Vegas lasts. As far as the casino goes, its smoky and relatively low class. That begger at the corner of Sahara and the Strip you gave 50 cents to? Well, you just might meet up with them at the blackjack tables. Enjoy
2	Oh boy...what can I say. I am just writing a review of the courtyard room where I stayed and not the casino itself. All I have to say is you get what you pay for. Room is so dusty. I can literally see dusk floating all over the room. I would not dare walking bare foot on the carpet or bathroom floor. The air conditioner is old school and is attached to the wall that makes a terrible sound when it is turned on.Stay here only when you have no other alternatives and the weekend is expensive on the strip; otherwise, just don't do it.
2	Was here for last minute reservation. This is a b-string hotel...well off the strip chock full of old folks and kids. Rooms (tower) are clean but very small and you can totally hear your neighbors through the walls all night. Cleaning crew starts vacuuming at 8 making any kind of sleep in impossible. I'd splurge and go to the strip.
2	My time for play used to be at palace station casino, not anymoreI would spend nearly every Saturday night in jacks pub, watching the band, nuff said play. The crowd thoroughly enjoyed . While my wife gambled in the casino, the band was cancelled and they brought in some barely tolerable replacement, now Saturday nights are a ghost town in the pub as its clearly amateur night , palace station had been trying to chase us off for a while, now they've succeeded.I won't be returning and my wife too, I'll just go down the street to the next casino that wants our moneyBring back the band and we'll come back... Until then it's hasta la vista palace station
2	its an OK hotel. If you wanted to just rest for the night in a cheap spot.. this hotel would work fine. the crowd is weird here
1	This place should be called the flying turd because this is what it is .. Even with free parking near real casinos avoid avoid avoid !! From the looks of the staff there is some sort of a work release program in effect? I think I ate a dog , still not sure waiting for the lab results, I would rather be shot in the eye with a rubber band ' nuf said. P.s. As I finish this review someone collapsed in the lobby !! Blood everywhere ! I think Richard Ramirez used to stay here.
2	I would only come to this Casino to leave my last few dollars in the "Wheel Of Un-fortune" while, someone in my party waited in Line for a seat at the Oyster Bar for a bowl of the Combo Roast & fresh oysters.  After my last visit on 4/22/14, this will be another stop to delete from my usually path home to L.A.  We ordered a half dz. of the oysters.  i should have asked about them first but, I never ate a FRESH oyster I didn't like so why would I now.  At first, I noticed that my appetizer wasn't being shucked.  Usually you see the shucker prying open the oysters and 10 minutes later your appetizer comes out.  i saw none of this going on.  It was like there was a plate of oysters in front of us and they looked odd and tasted even worse.  The consistency was off. I asked the helped (Not a shucker because that process didn't seem to happen)what kind of oysters they were and where they were from?  She said GOLD BAND!.  I notice all the oysters on ice had a Gold rubber Band holding the shell halts tightly together. The helper said, "They are from Louisiana." I quickly looked it up on my cell phone as when I was in NOLA for Mardi Gras and took a drive outside of town on the way to Baton Rouge I had not encounter any such horrible shell fish.  GOLD BAND Oysters: Preshucked and are Pasteurized.  GROSS!  I gave the Hotel & Casino 2 stars for their clean up efforts as it was immediate noticed by the lack of smelly carpet when you walked in the main entrance.  also the Combo Roast lacked pieces of shrimp,  lobster and crab and tasted like catsup & heavy cream cooked separately and added together.  The cook tried to disguise the lack of sea food with a lump of over cooked,  bottom of the barrel rice in the center featured like a scoop of ice-cream.  The end of an era for me.  I've been coming to this Oyster Bar for 25 years.
2	The only reason we stayed here was for Oyster Bar.  The rooms were OK.  Kinda dingy and old.  And the pool was so small.  Def not worth it, plus it's not that cheap of a place to stay in.
1	I stayed in the courtyard rooms on the highway side and had four or five unwanted guests.  Cockroaches.  Management did not call me back after I complained.  Will not stay in the courtyard rooms again.The tower rooms are very nice.  The Oyster bar is one of the best.  The food overall at all the restaurants here including room service food is very good.
1	My husband was in horrific accident and life flighted to trauma center at umc in Las Vegas. We were referred to palace hotel. What a mistake. Felt they misled us several times on price   Never discussed resort fees, etc. will never step foot in this place!!!
3	We stayed in the main tower in one of the 3000 room numbers, so on the third floor.  The hotel overall was clean and well maintained.  Beds were comfortable, however, the pillows were a little flat, but not horrible.  Both the shower-head and sink faucet had weak water pressure.  The shower-head seemed to have been on the massage setting and wasn't adjustable.  The sink faucet was also more of a sprinkle than it was a stream of water flow.  Free WiFi was definitely a plus but a littel weak and would drop from time to time, but nothing unbearable.The $7 buffet was definitely a bargain and very convenient for a "quick bite" option.  Food quality was good and the restaurant was also pretty clean.  The pool wasn't too much of a highlight.  There are 2 pools - both located at, what I'm guessing, is the older part of the hotel.  The pool areas were both pretty decent and appeared to be well maintained.  But if you're going for the "chic Vegas spa/pool scene",  you probably won't be too satisfied with this location.  I enjoyed my stay overall and would stay here again if a bargain (clean and comfortable) hotel is what I'm looking for on my next Vegas trip.
3	did not actually get to eat here.. the wait was so long.. did not know that the oyster bar was really just a bar.. not a family restaurant style place.. the service was great.. the guy actually drove us back to our hotel.. of course b/c he wasnt busy.. very nice people
4	Who's the lame with the pathetic review about the dust on the light fixtures? Lmao, get a life. If you're in Vegas for dust on light fixtures, call mommy,  the bottle of milk is warm puto
1	I was here last night on May 10 2014, I paid the internet price on their site of $35.00,I also asked front desk girl up front what the rate was and she came back at 65.00,I told her to hold on and ill book online, after this uncomfortable affair with her we headed to our room, I knew it was going to be low down quality however when we walked in it was a lot worse, it was awful. From smelly to old musty,  old cheap mattresses with no comforters, beat up tv and furniture, and it felt like a little closet so small area. Very dark and drury room, also seemed like we were walking down Death row to get here , it really did, a long ugly walk to get to these rooms, these rooms look more like prisoner consignments. I'm really serious it was sick.So we came back to front and I asked different  manager if it was ok we get a refund, she came back to say we can refund you or you can upgrade for  40 more.They could have kept my money, I thought they were going to just keep my money anyways because it wasn't gonna hurt them if someone writes a bad review, they have many so they are beyond worrying about guest comments anymore, they are just room suppliers if some people do not mind the conditions then that's what they are offering, a cheap room, I think it's fine.If you are coming to Vegas and want a cheap room you should not stay here because it's just awful and it will ruin your trip to Vegas, goto ALVH, cheap but wonderful, it used to be the Las Vegas Hilton, call me up!
3	This is a classic Hotel from the 70's. I would recommend getting a Tower room. While the courtyard rooms serve the purpose, i think you'd be plesantly surprised at the difference of a tower room. The pool is secluded in the back of the property and is open LATE. I recommend the Irish pub hands down!!! The buffet is cheaper than most and serves to be a good meal. It can be very very crowded at dinner time,
1	WHAT THE HELL. Our stay was pretty good until we finally checked out, except for the fact that the hallways in the courtyard reek of weed! BUT-------- There are no words to how angry my family is. My Mother went to the front desk to check out only to find out that they charged us TWICE.Then, when they said they reversed the charges, they didn't give my Mom a receipt to show proof that they did in fact reverse charges. So when she asked for paperwork to prove that they gave us credit back, the supervisor/manager present pretty much said, "Paperwork? What paperwork?!" Ruuuuude. But finally, they were able to give us some paperwork on it. And gave us a time period of about three days of when we would receive the money back!THEN, when we got back, we saw that instead of giving us a credit, THEY CHARGED US ANOTHER TIME, SO THAT'S THREE CHARGES!!!!!!!!! THREE TIMES. My Mom's account was even over drafted! When my Mom called the hotel, they were completely rude to her, as if it's my Mom's fault that her account got charged twice! Courtyard rooms are two-stories high with no elevator! Good luck!!! Also, it's almost impossible to find your room! And you get lost trying to find your way out to the casino/lobby!Get your stuff together! And learn some real customer service! We will never come back here again!
1	The worst hotel of all the hotel casinos in Vegas. Don't even think about staying in any of the court yard rooms. No elevators, so you have to drag your luggage up the stairs. Only one automatic door in the whole place so you have to prop open your doors to carry in luggage. Dingy, poor lit hallways that are unmarked for rooms. Old, decrepit furniture, rooms smell like smoke. The place has not been updated for many years. Complete rip off. You can do far better at other locations.
1	I hate this hotel!! The beds are like sleeping on straight springs, there are only two tiny pillows, and the blanket is super thin, might as well be a top sheet. The elevator is no where in sight. The room is non-smoking, yet it reeks of cigarette smoke! The staff were not clear on where to go to find our room, we ended up in the laundry room. Needless to say I'm am so not coming back here!!! This is all just within the first hour of being here, there may be more to add, but I have not stayed long enough to figure out anything else. FYI I'm pregnant and not happy!
4	The entire family came out and this is where we stayed.  I had never been here before. The room was clean and the bath room was bigger then expected. The price of the room was good too.
1	Waited 40 minutes in line at the cage on a Sunday morning. There wasn't even a lot of people in line, just really slow processing. There was a gambling addiction brochure on the counter that said "the fun stops here" - oh you bet the fun stopped after waiting that long!
2	Stayed here during Wuste'14 for four nights. My friend and I booked a room at the courtyard two months ago prior to the event. First impressions of the courtyard. Looks pretty ghetto and it smelled and the halls are way too long and was pretty hard to find our room. And on top of that. The courtyard has no elevator so if you have a lot of stuff and luggage Gluck taking it upstairs. The second night we noticed our room was pinned down according to the front desk since housekeeping came in during the day and discovered a bug infestation in our bathroom due the the pipes I guess. That was really gross and good thing those things didn't bite me or my friend or else I would have filed a lawsuit against them for not meeting the needs of customers. I complained to the front desk about the bug infestation and also the air condition sucks in the courtyard room! The first night my friend and I were hella hot and did not even us our blankets. The front desk kindly gave us a room in the tower at no extra charge which was good. Courtyard reminds me of motels at a ghetto place. If you want to enjoy get a room in the tower.
2	Man, does it reek in here!! Yes, many people smoke and thats part of the whole casino atmosphere but the smell is just horrendous! It just hits you as soon as the door opens. Anyway, the first thing my cousins and I did was to get the rewards card to get the discounts at the buffet. All you need to do to get the card is show an ID (if you are 21 & over) & you can use it asap. So its 1 card for every two people when you use it for the discounts at the buffet. What they didnt tell me is that the card has credit!!! So make sure you play with the complimentary money you are given by the casino!!! It has between $3 - $500!! I found out when I got back to LA so it was disappointing because I dont know if I'm going to be able to use it when I go back to Las Vegas in a few months. Overall I dont care much for this place.
4	The friends and I came here because we had very little money and wanted to take advantage of the free drinks while we're gambling. We kept having to wait almost 30 minutes each we ordered a drink so we went on the hunt for a penny machine by the bar. We found one and we met one of the nicest cocktail waitresses ever. She could tell we were just gambling low to get drinks so she kept coming one after another. What little money we were winning we tipped. She definitely deserved every penny.
3	This hotel is pretty decent! It's off the strip and definitely older and caters to an older crowd than a lot of the other hotels on the strip, but the rooms are cheap and clean (from my experience). We paid $30 on a Thursday night for a suite-sized room!Parking is easy too as Palace Station isn't a popular destination for tourists.If you like seafood or Cajun-style food, check out the Oyster Bar! The line's usually long during peak hours (hour+ wait anyone??) but it's worth it! The bar is very small, only 18 seats so you have to wait for everyone to finish before you can get seated. Many people I know come to Palace Station just for Oyster Bar! It's definitely become a pit stop for all of my Vegas trips.
1	Stayed here and my gold watch came up missing.  Only people who had access to the room it was in was Housekeeping or Hotel Staff.  Front Desk was useless, Housekeeping and Security said they would get back to me and never did.  They seemed like they protect each other.  I did a police report and police told me that you can't directly accuse a housekeeper unless you have proof so apparently it's standard operating procedure to do this and then get no help or information and then they let the time of your stay run out.Ate at the coffee shop once and it was garbage.  Very very large waitress never checked on me, was in the back and never brought me a check.  I don't think I saw her on the floor after she put my food down.  Cashier couldn't find her and just rang it in and I paid directly.Casino was okay I guess.  I'm a poker player and they had 1 low stakes limit game in a little crappy room at the very end of the property when I wanted to play.  I repeatedly asked for cocktail waitress and they never got her for me.Overall, a bad experience and cost me a watch that I had saved up a long time to get.
4	I got rooms for my family in the TOWER ROOMS.  They were TOTALLY updated from top to bottom with brand new furniture, new carpet, new big-screen TVs, granite counters in the bathrooms, tile shower, new towels & new linens, and were clean!The curtains were floor to ceiling, and were black-out.  The view from our rooms were of the pool & an unobstructed view of the city - spectacular.Our rooms were on a non-smoking floor, which they are strict about ensuring stay that way - hugely appreciated!  When someone was smoking in the hall, the security came right up to investigate.Security checks guest's IDs before allowing them up the elevators for safety purposes.  There was a Starbucks and a few restaurants, all connected to the casino.  The bummer was that you can smell the cigarette smoke in ALL of them.Our locked car was broken into, things were stolen right out of the hotel parking garage, but not enough security to catch the thief.  :(Besides that, the prices were fine, though the room rates end up being double after you pay for the per room/per day resort tax.
1	Our poor experience started off at check-in with a girl who may have been mildly retarded. At the very least, she had no customer service or communication skills. I had to convince her that I had two rooms for two nights. We stayed in the  Courtyard rooms. It looks like the original carpet in this section of the hotel, and smells like it too. Speaking of smells, my room had the distinct smell of feces. I was talking with another guest who said her room smelled like urine. She also had the same experience with the room keys. Apparently, they can't code them for multiple nights, so be prepared to go back to the front desk to get new keys after your first night. Both my sons and I put do not disturb signs on our doors, only to have them removed before the morning when the maid work us up at 8 am.  Regardless of the deal you get on the rooms (I used Groupon for one night and Expedia for the other), you will pay a resort fee of $17 per room per night. Factor that in to your "good deal" on your room.  On the positive side, the shuttle was a great benefit.
3	I've never stayed at the Palace Station before--honestly, why would you unless you're broke/trying to realllllly save every bit of money & for some reason, want to hang out in Vegas....where being broke will get you nowhere--but I'm going to rate it for their amenities. I did read a recent review that they've updated their rooms though, so you go, Glen Coco!Interior:It's kind of what you'd imagine a casino that no one really cares about would look like: tacky carpeted floor, smoke filled atmosphere, lots of loud slot machine noises, & not nearly as beautiful as the newer hotels. Can't say I've been in the hotel rooms, so this review is useless for that. It's a bit of an eyesore, but I don't come here for the interior design. I come here for the....Food:OYSTER BAR!!!!!!!!! I'm eating my leftovers right now as I daydream about my dinner from there last night. -1 star because they need to expand this bar. Just...figure it out. Take out some restaurant & just make the whole thing a huge steam kettle cooking establishment. I sound ridiculous, but it needs to happen. Just imagine how many more people they could accommodate & the profit they'd make! Heck, they'd even make more jobs doing this. Waiting 2 hours for this food is ridiculous, but pretty much worth the wait. I have one piece of advice for you when you've got a party of more than just your lonesome self: take turns standing in line, go to the bar, &/or play the slots.Bar:5 STARS FOR YOU RANDOM BAR CLOSE TO THE OYSTER BAR! 99 cent frozen margaritas?!?! Josh G. said he would start measuring all monetary items in the wonderful new denomination of 99 cent frozen margaritas. Here's an example for you: he could've had 107 frozen margaritas yesterday at Palace Station at 1 PM, but instead, he got 1 pitcher of Rum Runner from Encore Beach Club. Still not clear enough for you? I could've had 15 frozen margaritas yesterday at 11:20 AM, but instead, I decided to get an 8-piece "real crab" California Roll from EBC. (To all of those people that hate on others that take photos of their food, THIS IS WHY FOOD PICTURES ARE RELEVANT: SO WE CAN SEE WTF WE'RE GETTING. CAPS LOCK TO GET POINT ACROSS.) What have we learned today? Everything at the newer hotels on the strip, in a club, are worth a lot of frozen margaritas.Not a fan of tequila? Pft, that's okay because it makes me wish I made better decisions too. $4 Bloody Mary's, baby!! I love Bloody Mary's & I've paid anywhere from 10-13 frozen margaritas for them, but here at Palace Station, it's 4 frozen margaritas. $4 & ACTUALLY DELICIOUS. I drank two within 20 minutes waiting in line for the Oyster Bar....so great. I asked for extra olives & the nice bartender gave me 8 olives. Best deal all weekend in Vegas. Gambling:I don't gamble, but there are lots of slot machines & even a tournament of sorts. Some of the machines aren't as sparkly or "modern" compared to the ones at the Wynn/Encore/newer casino. I saw a Plants vs. Zombies slot machine at one of those hotels while PS has some strange Dragon's Law slot from Konami. Bets are really low though so that's pretty awesome. It's like being at a Dave & Buster's except you might win 10 cents. Patrons are a bit older. The youngest people you'll see are standing in line at the Oyster Bar or are kids running around in the buffet. All in all, I am a fan of their bars & the Oyster Bar, so I'd make a special trip out here to have a more laid back dinner experience.
3	Stay in the Towers for a more modern hotel experience. We have stayed here twice in the courtyard and we were pinching pennies on purpose. Overall the hotel is well run, mostly clean, and we had a pleasant stay.
2	Over the weekend, my boyfriend had taken me here. He stayed at the towers before which he described as "not bad." I've been coming to Vegas almost every year since I was about 4 years old. I've stayed from crappy places, to the much nicer hotels. To hear him say "not bad" made me feel a bit better. That man has standards (which I question now - read on). Upon arriving, we did valet (which is why I gave them two stars really, otherwise it would have been one - the second star was for the laughs we've had), and checked in. Surprise, surprise! We were located at the courtyard. No idea what the tower rooms look like, but the courtyard reminded me of motel 6, but a bit dirtier? My routine when I am in a new room is to check the bathroom(s), and then the view. I feel like almost everything in the bathroom was trying to hurt me. The floor was slippery when I first walked in. The shower curtains always touches you. If you had the curtains outside the shower border, be prepared to walk in a flood. Our shower head was loose. The pipes didn't stay in place. It was horrible. When you turn off the water, you have to stand here for a bit while a stream of water falls on you. I was conflicted really; do I waddle through a puddle first, or delay the inevitable and have the shower spit the last remaining water for a minute (all the while the curtain is trying to molest you). The view? Made me feel like I was at an apartment complex. There was literally nothing to see, unless you want to stare out to windows where people are staring out doing the same thing. There's also a sidewalk to stare at if you're into that. Me? Not so much. The room.. The room is smaller than my bedroom, and I don't live in a big house. The carpet was dirty. There was a stain on the ceiling, from what looks like a water leak. The TV looked like it was made in the early 90s. A bit of nostalgia really. The bed was so springy. I'm a light sleeper, so everytime my boyfriend moved, I woke up. I'm not much of a gambler, and I must say that the casino isn't really all that much to look at. Majority of the people there were rocking Hawaiian shirts, cargo shorts, and fanny packs (epitome of tourists?). The buffet. I'm not much of a buffet person, mainly because I feel like that they have to lower the quality of ingredients to compensate for the price. Well, for $8 a person, you get what you pay for. The only thing that I really liked there were tater tots, which I'm sure were frozen. When fried, they're delicious either way (unless they're expired but I digress). Yea. We couldn't take it, my boyfriend booked for two nights, but we only stayed for one. Ended up going to the Palms the next night. Literally the only thing that made the whole experience better was being with my boyfriend... because we were complaining together.
2	Booked for a one night stop over and room was enough for the price.however even its non smoking floor, terribly smok smells in room.
1	The courtyard rooms needs to be teared down.  Old and outdated worse than a motel, dirty carpet, old 27 inch tube tv, tiny corner shower ( shower head tries to mimic overhead style but it's a big failure....my head can hit the shower head if I tip my toes and I'm only 5'11"....the ceiling is 2-3 inch above the shower head and with poor ventilation the water collects on the ceiling n drips on u) No tissues boxes, no coffee maker, old squeaky spring beds.This place needs to go ASAP
1	Their buffet was horrible. I'm sitting here now writing this review on my phone because it was that bad. I tried their eggs but they tasted synthetic. They were watery and powdery tasting. Tater tots were old and stale. Don't eat the desert cake. It tasted like licking the inside of a refrigerator. Their selection of fruit was limited and possibly partially consumed. Service was nice but also sketchy. We got coffee with a lipstick stain on the rim. Can you say health hazard?
3	I never knew this swanky little hotel existed until a friend told me there was a hidden gem (Oyster Bar) and any trip to Vegas means an obligatory out of the way stop to Palace Station (see review for Oyster Bar here http://www.yelp.com/biz/oyster-bar-las-vegas-2?hrid=EXshH53O2XHGK2Cap0lAiw).The hotel's located a few miles from the strip, and even from the outside, you know this hotel has taken its beatings; when you step inside, "vintage" is the best word I can come up with to describe the look and feel of the place.  It's most definitely not your typical fancy hotel that's now almost expected at any modern Vegas hotel you stay at.  I didn't take much time exploring the entire hotel, but I do know one thing...if you're on a budget and want to stay someplace affordable, this is the place!  Many of the tenants in the hotel were in their upper 50's and 60's, and many of the table games are price friendly here!And last but not least....at least they have a Starbucks in here...
1	This property just needs to be torn down. Fertitta brothers I hope you are on Yelp. Just a bad property.Dirty, old, grimy and outdated. Just don't stay here. But do go to the oyster bar!
4	First yes the court yard rooms are quite old but people don't mind so hey. I got my deal from Groupon and paid $40 for 3 nights but I could not deal with the room so I went and asked to upgrade they had no rooms till next morning so I stayed one night and was able to get into tower rooms. Best deal. 100% better and still a great deal. The beds are big comfy not rollaways like the courtyard. Restroom was descent. I have no complaint. Food was good awesome meal deals from midnight-6am at the grand cafe . 1.99 breakfast skillets burgers dude 4.99 for new York steak eggs hashbrowns toast. That was so good all good. So yes I will not talk sh.....about CY rooms u go for the price and if your young and party you just want abed to lay but I recommend to spend $15 more for tower. So to end good place to stay when your on a budget. Great deal for tower room total I played for 3 nights was $90.inc. Taxes .I can't stress they r big and clean. I will definitely be back oh it's pretty close to everything too. Never made it too oyster bar but next time the line is ridiculous all the time its 24/7 so its probably frkn delicious..next timeThat's all....:):)
1	What a dump. I asked for a non smoking room. I didn't get one. The door man was rude and demanding. I had to leave, the amount I was asked to pay was a ripoff.; I'd rather sleep in the car!  My suggestion is to try some of the hotels in Summerlin. It's worth the drive.
4	I'm writing to let you know that Christin at the Johnny Rockets in the Palace Station Hotel is one heck of a super guy.  He knows what great customer service is.  We were there when he had a high school football team show up after their game very late.  He and his staff did a wonderful job of getting everyone their order in the best possible time.  Due to the long wait he offered me water and a cookie while I was waiting because I walked up after the football team.  He also offered me and my family a free meal the next day which we couldn't consider because we were leaving.  Please stop by and see Christin if you are in the hotel. I'm sure he will still be smiling.
2	You get what you pay for. I stayed here over Labor Day weekend because it's obviously cheaper than staying on the strip. When I walked in first thing I did was go to the bathroom to use it but I found pubic hair on the toilet and then on the bed their were blonde hairs and black hairs all over it. The only good thing is that the hotel itself is not as wild as the hotels on the strip and is a little more family friendly
3	My girlfriend and I stayed the majority of our trip at the luxury tower, which were for the main part a good experience. Small minor setbacks compared to other hotels in Vegas such as not enough convenient outlets (literally had to move tables or bed for accessibility), bathroom fans werent properly working, the bathtub was clogged.., thin walls, and no microwave, although a fridge can be requested at the front. Overall, very clean a spacious, nothing special. We stayed in 2 different luxury towers, and the first one had a very nice spacious shower, which was nice! There were a lot of random high school kids that would come by which made the casino rowdy and uncomfortable for some families, though, so beware of that.We read so many complaints about the courtyard that we thought we would give it a try...big mistake. First of all, it is located in another building (not far though, about 10 steps across). For the price we paid, i guess we deserved it?? But you can literally pay a couple extra 10's and stay at the luxury tower. The bed was extremely springy, and the room was pretty cramped; oh, and there was a roach in our room..lol gross. The hotel overall was pretty decent; exactly what you find at most hotels, but not too many reward benefits ** BUT the one huge plus side was the restaurant downstairs has specials for hotel guests which has an amazing deal of 1.99 skillets (2 eggs, 2 pieces of toast, and 2 hashbrowns) and oh, also a quarter pound burger with fries, also for 1.99. After a night of drinking, you would come back and eat your sorrows away at such a cheap price. The other pros consistent of the overall cheap buffet with a pretty nice variety of selections, and the guy at subway (a middle eastern fellow) was extremely friendly and were willing to microwave some leftover food for us! They also had some cheap drinks, like $1 margaritas, and an extremely nice bus service that takes you to the strip. overall, i would give this place around a 3.3 stars or so. There are some nice benefits, but a hotel's standards are primarily held for their rooms and amenities, so with that, i would recommend; but only the luxury tower.
4	So I am totally shocked by the poor reviews of this place.To the people surprised by the amenity fee..  It is disclosed and that is on you for not paying attention when you booked.  (It is also waived when the rooms are comped.)To the guy all upset because his children couldn't hang with him in line for the Oyster Bar and thought they should "look the other way":  Do you know the casino is subject to an enormous fine for that?  Sorry it wasn't family friendly.   It's called a casino.The Courtyard rooms are grossness.  Tower rooms are nice.  The employees are fantastic.  (I always wonder if people that complain about the employees without a specific customer service issue are just rude.)This is not a 5 Star property.  It is an off strip prop which caters to locals and has cheap n clean hotel rooms in the tower.  If you'd like to run around with small children or experience the Bellagio for $30 per night while staying in the cheapest rooms possible this is not a good option.
2	Stayed here a few months ago. Didn't have high expectations. You really get what you paid for here. Rooms were small and kinda dirty. Tip: if your room is on the south tower, you can drive past the parking structure and park right next to your room. There is also a 711 right next door if you want a quick beer run.
1	Stayed here twice and I can def say they aren't consistent. First time wasn't so bad-decent view outside my room, and it was clean and spacious. Second time around, parking-lot view and a smaller room. The room was kinda gross. Stained carpet, smoke smells, I didn't want to stay. Went downstairs to complain and instead of offering a room change, the front desk staff offered to have someone come upstairs to spray my room...what? That's your option for me while you still expect me to occupy the room? (Insert eye roll)... I probably should've been more firm in my request for a room change, but I was too nice and it got me nowhere.I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. But if you want to take your chances and come here in hopes of a good experience, roll the dice. (Insert any other corny gambling/Vegas puns)
1	Even one star is too much.I went to the buffet on the second floor. Food was bad. Potstickers were torn, macaroni and cheese had weird color, steak all dried out, etc. But that was okay. We get what we paid for. Heres my real complaint:We paid in card, so after our dinner I asked my husband to go to the cashier and break $20 for tip. Cashier gave him a fake $5 bill.How come a cashier, who touches and sees real cash all day, doesnt recognize that it was a fake??? At a casino buffet? Be aware! This casino doesnt know how to distinguish fake and real bills.
1	Had to many problems with this hotel. My room key I had to bring to the front every day cause it stop unlocking my room so they had to reactivate it again. Poor customer service. Had to many issues for 4 days here. Last time I'll be staying here.
1	Don't stay here. You have to carry your own luggage up the stairs. No elevator.  Staff not helpful at all.
2	Go to oyster bar, see if the 2 hours wait is worth it!
3	No complaints with the hotel overall. I would probably stay again if they offer another good price (although I don't like what Vegas is doing with this price scheme- if the room says it is $25 it should be $25. Don't tack on $15+ of "hotel amenities" which is a sleazy tactic).Otherwise, nice staff, good hotel, no frills, offers shuttle to the strip, has a pool and jacuzzi, plenty of places to eat, and a nice sports "bar" that was serving up dollar dogs and cheap beer in front of a smorgasbord of games on the TV which you can of course gamble on.
1	Do not stay in the courtyard rooms whatever you do! I booked through a 3rd party website which did not describe these rooms accurately. They are in a detached building. The check in person was rude that I would only take a 1st floor room after finding out there is NO ELEVATOR for courtyard rooms. The room lacked good air conditioning (desert must). I have seen larger showers in an RV. The sheet on the bed does not cover the mattress which is not hygienic. The maids don't leave the room doors open when cleaning the rooms. This is the first hotel I've seen allow this. Reading some of the other reviews people have had issues with items being stolen.  The courtyard entrance is not secure only adding to the risks. It is always open and accessible from the street. The Oyster Bar here is terrible.  The Oyster Bar at Texas Station is top notch. If you find yourself staying here save yourself the wait and disappointment. Go to the Oyster Bar at Texas Station.
1	Do not stay here. This is the worst hotel in Vegas. Dirty rooms. Disgusting bathrooms. And if you stay in the courtyard, you WILL get bitten by SOMETHING !!! One star is way too many for this place. Stay away !!! Far far away !!!
3	Very old building, love the buffet it's basic but the service is nice.  They have improved the upstairs a lot.. Not sure why.  The downstairs stinks like any casino..  I mostly come here because of the buffet comps we used to get, but since we've moved further away I've stopped playing there..Still like the place very much.Play myVEGAS to earn comps on Facebook, they post red chips & purple chips for the mobile are now in promo codes. Like them now. https://www.facebook.com/myvegas follow them on twitter for more red chips. https://www.twitter.com/myVEGAS NEW Black Jack http://myvegas.com/blackjack
2	This hotel was ok for the price the  customer service was nice the room was ok nice size but not well kept up the bed was awful, and the drapes were old the carpet was old and dirty. i could not even walk on it without shoes. The view was pretty good. i stayed for one night and booked it through vegas. com. It was just for a turn around trip. not on the strip but close good location. i would say if you are looking for cheap and just to lay your head for one night its ok.
1	I give them 1 star and that's being generous. They advertise the rooms at one price but when you get there they add a 14.99 resort fee per day. Check your bill carefully for added charges.  Check in staff very slow and it takes 2 to 3 people to help one customer.  They appear to need more training. Same with check out.  Buffet dinner was a bust. Use to be good.  Food wasn't very warm and did not taste good. Tater tots over cooked to a point that they were crunchy shells and hollow inside. Pizza was nasty. Looked and tasted like cardboard.  Pancakes had no taste and were dry, same for waffles. Service attendant was good though. We usually stay in the tower rooms but this time took the courtyard rooms. Never again. Very small, old, small beds, noisy fan in bathroom. Bathroom has small narrow counter over sink and no other space to put toiletries or clothes while showering.  Service attendants in casino were horrible and not attentive to guests in need or help with problems on slot machines. Would not recommend to anyone.
4	This place is always good, unfortunately my GF was so exhausted and felt sick from the smoke in the casino we didn't get to sit and enjoy the food.  I was able to order some to go.  I had a little bit at night, around 11:30pm.  The next day we tried eating it, although it was good it was pretty cold so hard to really enjoy.  I know this place is always good though so cannot knock it for the issues we had with eating it the following day.  Had the House Cioppino which was really flavorful.
3	Recently I visited the front bar closest to the sports book to have a beer and the senior hispanic bartender that was working was so busy chit chatting with his fellow hispanics, I think he forgot he was at work and not at the family quinceanera. After almost ten minutes of waiting for him to catch up with what you would have thought was his family he then acknowledges me an ask me what would I like to drink. After ten minutes of watching him chit chat about irrelevant things, I changed my mind and left the casino. What horrible service! This guy obviously needs to retire if he can no longer maneuver an do what he's getting paid to do. There was nothing speedy about this Gonzales.
3	Rooms were okay. Nothing special. Really was just a place to hold our stuff while we explored Vegas. We stayed in the Courtyard rooms. Casino is small, but still fun. Not a bad casino, we did have a good time. Love the Oyster Bar. Not sure if we would stay here again.
5	I enjoyed our three stays at this hotel at this hotel and casino. I agree with the customers that complain about the courtyard rooms. Though the room my husband and I were not as disgusting as described, just a worn carpeting. The bathroom and everything else was fine, and we had a pleasant stay. The last two stays have been fantastic. We were in the tower and had beautiful rooms! The one on the last stay was huge, with a fantastic view and almost like a honeymoon suite! The employees were helpful and we were both pleased with our requests with all the staff. The cleaning ladies were always very nice, as well as the servers, and card dealers.I liked the buffet because I have stomach issues,  and this is one of the few places I can eat without being in agony. I hope in the future they choose to upgrade the courtrooms. But the tower is lovely. No complaints here.
2	Close to freeway 15. Cheap rooms, clean, I just didn't like the stand up shower, one small sink, no elevator if you stay at the courtyard.  Stairs is all they have so don't pack heavy...lol. Starbucks inside the hotel :)
4	Courtyard Rooms in the hotel are very nice and affordable. The Palace Station Buffet for breakfast, lunch, or dinner is a favorite place with the locals and with visitors to Las Vegas, because of their wide variety of foods and desserts offered at a reasonable price.
5	Loved that hallways were not a mile long like in the big hotels.  Parking garage was 72 steps from the elevator.  Front desk was just steps away from where you pull up.  This is important for older couples.  Restaurants were great and all the hotel and casino staff were friendly and punctual. Rooms were clean, comfortable and inexpensive.  They surprisingly comp'd our room with a modest amount of gaming.  Shuttle service to the strip is available and only 1 mile to strip.  They covered the comforters in sheets.  This made me feel more sanitary.  Shower was free of any mildew and counter space in bath was huge.  Our tower room view was excellent from the 15th floor could see the strip.  Gaming table minimums were wonderfully low, $3-5.  Felt like we could have fun without losing too much.  Pool was a little inconvenient from the tower rooms.  You should stay in courtyard rooms if you want to be close to the pool.  I checked out access to the courtyard rooms because of a bad comment.  They were easily accessed through the casino.  You did not have to go through an alley to get to the courtyard rooms.  You could go thru an outdoor crossover if you elected to, but it was a clean secure crossover.  Really enjoyed this place.  Would recommend it to anyone.
1	This place was alright i wasn't fully satisfied. Customer service was horrible at the time of checking in. I didn't get the room i had reserved I would have appreciate it if the guy that checked me in would had notified me before. I get to the room and the window doesn't even close I went back down there to let them know and he gives me more attitude he did give me another room but just by him giving me that attitude i was upset.The stay was alright afterwards but I just wouldn't book another room there again. I don't recommend it to no one.
4	Played  bingo. Was really fun and fast paced   Confused at first because we were first timers. Dont hold up the lines cause the old people are the real deal serious hardcore bingo players . 2 free drinks while you play bingo for about an hour.  Missed the waitress the first time somehow.. Smoking and non smoking side.   Sat on non smoking side and didnt really smell any smoke. Probably because i already reaked from the casino.   A good time!
2	the hotel isn't a looker but having the Oyster Bar and bingo here make it A-ok with me.
5	it came out to a bad start with my day with family issues and then i came here it made me so comfortable and i will stay here again. we ate breakfast at the feast buffet so worth going to $6 all u can eat. its so yummy. I loved it here. I was very pleased as well as my boyfriend too.
1	They gave our room away because they overbooked. So we, an engaged couple, slept in separate beds. Not a big deal but the guy at the front desk didn't apologize, and when I asked if we could pay for a better room he ignored my request. He was paying more attention to the piece of ass behind us in line. But whatever we took the room. The bathroom was dirty, hairdryer broken, and the beds were rock hard and full of springs coming through the mattress. We ended up going to the buffet, big mistake. yeah its 7.99 and I should have known then it would be bad. It was a Friday night at 6pm peak dinner time and the place was mostly empty. The food was burned or cold and just all around bad. We ate a plate and left disappointed and later spent the night sick. Avoid this place it's a waste of money
4	Lots of positives about this place.  If you are going to stay please don't be cheap.  Stay in the luxury tower worth the extra money.  The rooms in the luxury tower are a very good size.  Place is super clean and really nice for the money.  Resort fee is little step but it's something you have to pay.  They have a very good WIFI.  I would ask for a very high floor.  The views are decent at this location.  They have some very good grave yard specials in the restaurant from 12AM to 6AM.  Plus the rooms come with a great size TV with enough channels to keep you out of trouble.  Oh yes very easy parking and so easy to get in and out of the lot.  You are about a 10 min drive to the strip or less.
2	Cheap place to stay.  Decent bad, clean bathrooms.  Customer service was terrible.  Rude front desk.  No one able to take responsibility and help when my player card wouldn't work.  Advertised as free Wi-Fi, but terribly slow.  Buffett in the hotel was cheap and good though.  Overall decent place to put your head at night.
2	Wife and I checked in tonight for a Sunday.  Getaway and first off lupe at the front desk rude and undertrained so our initial experience was ruined and that doesn't include the two trips to front desk because miss rude palace station 2014 didn't turn on our room keys!!! Wonder how that happened??? Don't stay here if LUPE is working up front...if that's her name since she had no name tag to boot..wonder why
2	Well palace station used to be a nice casino to go blow some money but for the past couple years they've gone downhill and fast.  It smells bad and seems like they allow the dregs of society to camp out there. Security was good at keeping it safe but now you hardly ever see them and if you do they're really not doing much. Meanwhile there's people playing slots with their children right beside them!  And some drunk that's passed out at the machine next to you!  I just don't feel very safe there anymore. Sorry PS - you were a good friend for a while but no more.  I gave 2 stars because the oyster is great. That's it.
1	Just horrible service everywhere. Only saving grace is the oyster bar which is spectacular. So just stop there to eat there and get the hell out. I've received free rooms from Bellagio, mandalay bay, and many other nicer hotels based on my play. Although I'm not a whale, I play a decent amount. But Palace Station at best will give me rooms at like $50 a night. It's amazing how cheap they are. Also the Pit bosses, dealers, hosts, valets and just about everyone there just treats you like you just kicked their dog. Just awful. Hate this place.  But again go eat at the oyster bar. Best restaurant in Vegas.
1	so we got a deal from groupon to stay for $15 a night. it was ok til we stayed on the ground floor right by their loading dock them trucks kept us up allllllllll night then we got to switch to the second floor. and then they tell us we were suppose to check out the day before til we came back from having our last dinner to find out our room keys didn't work. we didn't get no courtisy call saying check out was at noon. we been going in and out of our room and the key was working fine...shameful!
2	This is an economical place to stay.  The casino is not well ventilated.  It is a smokers heaven.  Very smoky, I smelled like a wet cigarette ashtray every time I walked by the casino area.I saw security walk and bike around a lot.  I felt pretty safe in this area of town.  Kudos to the security staff.  I was there 12-3 & 4.  I was here on a business trip.  I would not stay here on vacation.  I enjoy being on the main strip to much.
4	My review is for casino grounds and not rooms, as I have not stayed here. The tables are cheap and they have COMMISSION FREE, Progressive chance winning PAI GOW, $10 minimum. Although I haven't worn money from here, I can't complain on gambling though. After being extremely full from Oyster Bar, I can come relax and gamble at the tables then head back to whichever upscale hotel.
2	Noisy, dirty, depressing, and certainly not worth the price after they add the "resort" fee.  Though I originally went for the bingo and unbeatable promotional price, I will not return after reading the sixty-four unrecommended reviews, which I recommend you do.
5	Bingo, drinks, bingo, drinks! hehe The lady selling the bingo cards was nice enough to explain the games to us. Very easy to catch on.. & fun! The free drinks are nice too. Definitely a good time :)
3	Stayed in the courtyard rooms, which were inexpensive and nice.The bathroom in the room we stayed in was just remodeled, but my one gripe would have to be the shower. For me it was okay... But for my wife it took 5 minutes to just get her hair wet. The water pressure in the shower was almost less than the sink.My biggest frustration with the hotel in general was the advertisement of complimentary WiFi. When trying to sign in as a registered guest it required payments of $9.99 or $14.99 for basic or premium internet. In this day and age no hotel should be charging for WiFi.We at at the cafe in the hotel one of the mornings. I would highly recommend the pancakes. The steak in the steak and eggs on the other hand was really chewy and fatty. The price for breakfast was on par with other restaurant on the strip, but since the hotel isn't actually on the strip I would put in on the higher price range for hotels with similar proximity.Room service was great! Called each morning for extra towels and they were delivered within 3 minutes. (Call house keeping directly, not the front desk)The TV channel selection was good.The casino was nice. It had tons of tables and slots. And the staff was very friendly.
2	Palace Station is the first of the Stations Casinos chain, and it shows.  It's smoky, dark, and the food is only passable. The upside is the rooms are relatively cheap and it's close to the strip.
1	They are number one cheaters. NEVER EVER consider this hotel for stay. In pictures they will show you big hotel n nice lobby. But when you will book, they will give you rooms in courtyard which is a place at back of hotel - small n looks like servant quarters. The carpets look like that they have been never cleaned. The room looks very much okay type.Apart from that they will charge you $16.94 as amenities fee which you will never use. They are frauds and i will not recommend this place to anyone. I will suggest to stay on strip by putting few more bucks. Hope this helps.
2	So... After being excited about the decent room rate and booking the room, I came across a number of reviews that described horrible sounding conditions of the rooms, including a bed bug and roach infestation. I told my husband we were not going to even take our stuff or kids in the room until I did a thorough inspection. After quickly reading up on how to conduct a bed bug inspection (thanks Google), I checked the room thoroughly and was happy to find no signs of bed bugs or roaches. So we stayed. Would I stay again? No. After you walk through the large hotel that doesn't seem too bad, you walk back outside to the "courtyard" rooms. Sounds nice, right? Nope. It feels like you're walking out of the real hotel and walking into the motel behind it. Rooms just seem very run down, a little dirty, carpets stained, etc. The beds seemed clean, which is what led us to stay, but I didn't want the kids to even take their socks off or play on the ground at all. Its a good backup, but we personally won't do it again.
1	This is just another sleazy motel like Casino worst than a highway motel Please STAY AWAY from this place. This place is not even worth a try.
2	The only plus was the oyster bar which tasted amazing and I will be writing a separate review for.The rooms were definitely cheap looking and the fridge was leaking and unplugged when I got there. Maybe it was defrosting? Hah, not sure.  But we didn't end up using it.  The shower water temp is flippant I expect due to toilet flushing from other rooms etc. It would go hot to cold to warm and never hot again.  Internet wifi not free.There's no elevators.  Everything in the courtyard rooms will need to be brought up the stairs.  The rooms are some distance from the entrance.  Walking through the casino to the rooms, it was passed the bingo hall and looked like we were walking into the mirrors at the end.  Very trippy.  Being on the north end, it's still far from strip, even to the stratosphere and riviera.  I would have paid the extra bucks to stay on the strip since taking the taxi cost just as much.  They do offer shuttles to fashion show mall and airport but I never figured out where the drop off/pick up station was since I was told it was off in the corner outside.  And Vegas in the winter time doesn't offer you time to kindly round the corners to find the right one. Nahhhhh.
1	Welcome to hell on earth.I am not one to take take the time out of my day to write a bad review, but this was such a horrific experience, I had to warn others. Please don't make the same mistake I did! This was by far the worst experience I have ever had at a hotel- and I have traveled to developing countries with no running water where I was not sure if someone would break into my room in the middle of the night (which is also very possible in this hotel).I honestly don't know where to start. Simply checking into the hotel was a horrific experience. There are too many disturbing details about my stay to even write about. Awful costumer service is one thing, but the filth and grime of the rooms is enough to make vermin run in disgust.  When I complained about my horrible experience to the front desk, the hotel manager Brandon (he was so proud to declare himself as the hotel manager-- so odd) was not even remotely phased by any of my complaints. In fact, he blamed outside venders for the problems. Unreal. Who hires the outside venders/contractors and does not take responsibility over that choice? As a business, you are responsible for everything that goes on. He basically said I would have to take my issues up with them.... He even went so far as to give me the vendor company name that he felt was at fault for one of my complaints. Why should I call and complain to them? It blows my mind how certain companies are even still in business with that kind of mentality. I guess idiots like me who stay at places without doing proper research keep this crap shoots in business ;-)I have taken photos to post and will also write another longer post about my experience on my blog. If you have any questions, please contact me directly. Do not stay here. There are plenty of places that are cheaper and not as repulsive. Honestly, so disgusting. I hope I save one person from the insane misery I endured during my stay at that complete dump disguised as a hotel. You would be better off sleeping on the street. Seriously. Vegas, even for work, should not be such a crappy experience. Hope anyone who reads this review doesn't make the same mistake!
4	With the help of MyVegas Slots, i enjoyed a very nice and comfortable room. Staff was very courteous. Hotel was very clean and although we ARE in Vegas, I just wish there was a little more heat provided into the room!
