5	Attended the grand opening of this restaurant. The cookies are delicious. Had an iced Mocha and an Americano. The coffee is very, very good. The staff was friendly and atmosphere was 'happy'. I can't wait to try the sandwiches.
4	Wife and I was at the outlet and it was past time for something to eat. We had initially intended to eat at a restaurant next to this one. This space has been vacant for several years so we thought why not give them a try. They have been in business for three weeks. It is primarily a sandwich, pizza (flat bread), shop. We got a chicken flat bread pizza and a chicken salad. We shared and this was plenty for us to eat. There was 4 pieces of pizza about 3" by 3". The place was clean and the staff was very friendly and helpful. Pluses for me. Very very nice people, local owned and operated, good selection, convenient place to eat when at the outlet. This will bring me back many times to sample other items on their menu.Minuses ?? None at this time. Go see them, support your local businesses.
5	Perfect place at the perfect time!  After a day of running around this was just place to hit.  This quaint cafe with friendly service was a bright & fresh stop to end our day.
2	Not so much. My wife and I love coffee and we have tried a lot of different coffees and coffee houses. This one was like hot water with no flavor or character whatsoever. We both had the cappuccino with skim and it was flavorless. The barista graciously replaced these with a cold mocha which we took to go. These were just as bad and ended up down the drain. On the up side, the breakfast sandwiches were good (not great). All in all for us this place was not worth the trip from where we live and we won't be back.
5	My wife and I have now visited Flora on several occasions.  We have tried several different types of coffee, sandwiches, breakfast and desserts.  This is my go to spot before the movies so I can smuggle in some treats.  The owners are extremely nice here and we strongly believe in support for local business.  We hope to see Flora here for years to come.  We'll take Flora over Starbucks any day!
4	I was looking for a place to pick up some pastries and decided on Flora's after reading some of the reviews. The coffee house was clean and the owners were kind and answered all my questions. I ended up choosing three pastries to try, because well why not? All three were very good tasting my wife particularly liked the little cheesecake because she said it wasn't overly sweet and had a thick creamy flavor.
5	Went there on Sunday and found out they are locally owned and operated. Met the owners and they are very friendly and explained they opened since there is no coffee shop in walking distance for people that live in or near Westgate. Prices are reasonable. I got a cranberry walnut muffin and it was fresh out of the oven and very good. Also they have really good Jasmine green tea. Will be going back to try the pizza and sandwiches.
5	I've been to this adorable coffee shop probably 4-5 times now. The owners are so friendly and cheerful and I love supporting a local business. I'm a big fan of their chai tea and their chicken Caesar salad. The baked items are delicious and everything is reasonably priced. I'm craving another visit now just writing this!
4	Very cute place, owners are super friendly. I do suggest trying the Vanilla Frappe. Was delicious, same with the chocolate chunk cookies! This is right across the street from my workplace and I have been here a few times for coffee. Always very pleasant :)
3	Cute little coffee shop right by the Tanger outlets. We stopped in for a cuppa and thought it was pretty good, but haven't tried anything else yet. The owner was pretty friendly and this definitely has promise.
4	Friendly, sweet employees. I went with my sister and my 2 young children. My sister ordered an iced vanilla latte and I got a drip coffee, apple cinnamon toast (which was delicious), and a pumpkin macaroon (beautifully spicy). Both beverages were good and made quickly. Inside was bright and clean. I will be making a point to come back when I am in the area.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!  Delicious food, great coffee, comfy environment, the friendliest staff, reasonable prices and my most favorite - amazing desserts.  I love that there's a new dessert every time I visit.  Everything is freshly made.  If Flora were a big chain, Starbucks would be out of business.  You must try - you will love it!
5	Really enjoyed this shop.  Disappointed to find it closed today when we stopped by at lunch:(  If the owners get something going again, I hope they'll let us know!
