5	I've never heard of dragon beard candy until I saw Johnny Chin's stand in Montreal's Chinatown. Since then every time I've visited Montreal I've made sure to pick up a box of six (or more if I have the cash!). Just in case you're unfamiliar with dragon beard candy, they are bite sized treats made of spun sugar dough wrapped around ground peanuts, chocolate, coconut and sesame. You can say its more of a pastry than a candy.Once the doors open a line is quickly formed with people gathering to order. So be there early, and make sure you speak up! Everything is made to order. He sets up his work station right outside his shop entrance and performs a sort of show as he makes each individual candy.One of the special perks of the Dragon Beard Candy shop is that it is run completely by him and his family. So don't be surprised if you see his son and daughter helping out in the rush!They offer other items on their menu such as bubble tea and egg rolls  / balls, etc. But the item of choice is the dragon beard candy.If there's one reason to come to Montreal this is it because it's pretty difficult to find these candies stateside.
5	yelp + 10!I never would have thought to look for this place if I hadn't seen this review first.This place is very unique and the candy is really good! We brought a bunch back for presents and I might end up eating it all... My friends better make an effort to see me sometime soon!Very friendly too!
5	Where has this been all my life!?!?  The delicate cotton candy like tendrils melt in your mouth!  It really is akin to fine hair, but sweet and sugary; and a surprising pairing with the nuts.  I have to hunt it down in the bay!
4	I wanted to review this when Yelp CA opened its' doors, but I didnt since it's not really a "location" I could find.  It's pretty tasty stuff that melts in your mouth, and I've never seen it anywhere else other than Montreal's Chinatown.  Worth a try if you're in chinatown.
5	This is the only place I know left in North America that makes the dragon beard candy. For those who don't know what dbc is... it's this fine sugar candy that is made kind of like pasta in a sense... the candy is strung and strung over and over again until it's a super fine weave then strung together with a sugar, peanut and salt mixture inside. It's the Chinese version of cotton candy, but much tastier...
5	I absolutely adore this little candy window shop.  Life would be great if there were more street hawker type open front shops like this in the world.  Where you can walk around and sample the best that all the vendors have to offer as small eats.  They also have cookie-like items, but the star of the show is the Dragon Beard Candy.  The outside of the candy is like a sticky sugar pulled beard dusted in powdered sugar, the inside is filled with ground peanut, sugar, and sesame seeds.  It is like the most delicious Butterfinger in the world.  I think a box of the stuff is around $4 CAD, but it is totally worth the experience.  The candy is made fresh before your eyes, and the candy-maker is normally the only person working at the time.  So, you put your $1 or $2 coins down on the table in front of them and take a container of candy.  I think it is a great system.  My Mandarin is better than my French, so you will find me on this street when I am in town.
5	Dragon beard candy is a treat worth trying, for sure! It looks like cotton candy, but has more of a taffy-like texture. The owner advised letting it melt in my mouth, but I could help chewing on it - which works out, because I do love chewy snacks!
5	I have been to Montreal TWICE and after discovering this place the first time, I kept going back! It's this tiny little place in Chinatown that has this famous "Dragon beard candy", which I actually have never tried because I am OBSESSED with what I call "egg crates", and this place is one place of the few (at least I've never found them in Boston where I live) that have them!Egg crates, as I call them, are these waffle-pancake-like thing but it's shaped like egg crates and each tiny "egg" shape, is soft and yummy! It's almost like a more delicious waffle that is soft on the inside.  It cost $4 Candian per egg crate, but you will eat it fast!!! You tear off each egg piece and eat it while hot, and it's amaaazing!! The woman who helped me was REALLY nice and you usually have to wait about 10 minutes for them because they make them fresh right there.  SO AWESOME!
4	Wanting to find something cool to buy friends on our recent trip to Montreal, we went on an adventure looking for these "dragon ball z" candies.  Well, the adventure was super short lived as it's incredibly easy to find (take the Orange Line to the Place D'Arms stop and it's about a block or so away); however, the stand was cute and the candy itself was not bad.  Keep in mind, I'm not a big candy girl, and I doubt I'll be having another, but it's a unique gift to bring home.
4	Hoping to experience this tomorrow.  Just wanted to post their hours for Yelpers.  Open from noon to "about 7:30pm"
3	I'm from Taiwan and didn't know about this thing until I went to Montreal! Very cool sweet, made right in front of your eyes. The pulled sugar strands melt in your mouth, and the sweet cruchy peanuts and sesame seeds add another layer of flavor and texture. Since it's mostly sugar, this is a sweet dessert. Even a dessert fiend like me can only take one at a time. But certainly worth seeking out! (And it's cheap!)
4	Located in the Quartier Chinois it's easy to walk past the shop if you're not paying attention.  We actually had to backtrack.  The store isn't big and when you go inside there's not much room to move around either.  The lady inside was cool and explained to us how the candy was made "by turning sugar dough into fine sugar threads, which are wrapped around ground peanuts, sesame, coconut, and chocolate."  Sounded delicious but was it good?  After forking over CAD$3.00 we each got one piece and per her instructions shoved the whole thing in our mouth.  Don't do that unless you have bottled water nearby because your throat will feel like it's closing up and the more you chew the peanuts will turn to butter.  It was sweet and chocolate-y.  Pretty good.  I'm glad we tried it.
3	First time I've seen these angel hair sweet treats being made anywhere. It was fine, but Chinatown overall, for someone from Queens NY, isn't even endearing. The area is a bit touristy, so I just wanted to get in and get out. I'm glad I went, I won't be back when I come to Montreal again.I did like the money system, where the money is laid out on the counter, and you take your own change. This is so the chef does not have to touch money, I suppose.
5	I was first introduced to Dragon's Beard Candy when I was taking cooking lessons nearby and they brought us on a tour of China Town. I was a little hesitant to try it at first, but with a little encouragement, I decided to buy a box. Open your mouth and let it rest on your tongue until it melts! It's a little pricy at $6 a box I believe, but I make sure to buy it anytime I pass by. I'm still stunned by how thin they can string the dough, but they're definitely doing something right, because I've introduced at least 5 people to it.
4	The other day my new Yelp friend Gabriel O. had reviewed the Dragon's beard candy, and as I was walking by Chinatown, I couldn't resist!!I got the owner (aka Maestro) to do the whole demo thing for me and I happily bought a box of 6 which was $4. I have always been fascinated by the whole creation but almost as fascinating was his math skills. I could have rehearsed the schpeel like 2000 times, but I would still need cue cards to remember all the numbers. He was nice enough to ask us to take a video of it, and we obliged, and will post on youtube for him. It was delicious as always, and we happily went on our sugar high way after polishing it off!
3	Dragon's Beard Candy is a tiny kiosk in Chinatown that sells one single kind of unique Chinese candy - "Dragon's beard" (obviously) you can try a single piece for 75 cents. 3 stars just for the novelty factor. Candy is not good. Not surprisingly, considering Asian desserts and sweets in general tend to be not great.The candy itself looks like a white gauze-like substance, sort of like something you would tape over a scabby knee to stop it from bleeding. There are peanuts and sugar inside, which fall out everywhere when you try to bite it.
4	I never would have found this place if it wasn't for yelp.I was in montreal and looking for something sweet to eat. This is a tiny street faceing business that only sells one thing: DRAGON'S BEARD CANDY. You have to try this atleast once in your life. It's the weirdest thing.My husband and I got 1 piece each (it was like $2). They're tiny little things (enough for one bite). The spun sugar starts to melt in your mouth and becomes a sticky, chewy concoction. Warning: the spun sugar will flake off and get everywhere, but it brushes away easily. We laughed at eachtoher as we made faces due to the interesting techture and chewy expressions we were making.I was hoping for something more chocolatey but I'm glad I still tried it. I doubt I'll find anything else like it in the near future.
5	I have never seen candy like this before so the concept and taste is unique to me. When I was watching them make the candy, it put me in a slight trance of relaxation. I'm weird. The price wasn't too bad but . The best part? They don't touch your money. You have to place it under a towel and then you have to take your change. The whole concept of the candy making and change giving was new to me and definitely something I won't forget. Plus, the story behind dragon beard candy is very interesting.
4	Dragon's Beard is a whimsical candy that was once made for the great Emperors of China--some say predominantly during the Han Dynasty.  These silky white strands resemble the long white strands of  a dragon's beard--hence the name.  The silk strands are spun and filled with nuts, coconut and sesame seeds.  It truly takes a master to perfect this art and Montreal's Johnny Chin has been perfecting this "Chinese Cotton Candy" treat for over 20 years.If you are ever in Montreal, stop by Chinatown on the corner of Clark street and try some of Johnny Chin's Dragon Beard.
3	Dragon's Beard Candy!?!? What the heck is that!?!? That's what caught my eye when I was there in Montreal's Chinatown. And I started talking to the owner lady that was there in Cantonese and she tells me people from all over go there to buy this to eat and it has been around forever, since like the 80s. So I bought 2 small boxes to try and bring home back to NYC. To me, it wasn't that good. It was a little weird to me. It has stringy white strands that wraps around some kind of candy, nuts, etc. The lady sucked me in to buy it.
5	We made a point of stopping by this place after I'd read all the fabulous reviews on Yelp and it lived up to the hype. It's a little tiny shop that is super easy to pass by, so keep your eyes open. The guy who makes the candy is super focused, he basically never stopped moving and making candy the whole time we were in there. I had an enjoyable time just watching the guy pull the sugar. The candy is a bit strange at first, but it's got an addictive quality. Now that I know where it is I would totally go back.
4	The price has gone up to $4 for six pieces and they only take cash. It is also easy to pass by, my husband and I searched for a while before we realized we had passed it up. But that is where my whining ends, the process they use to make the candy is so fascinating and unique, and it really is so delicious! I love how the outer coating melts in your mouth and the inside is so chewy. My husband hit the nail on the head when he said they taste like aba-zabas (but really fresh ones). They also sell boba there, we didn't try it though.
3	Craziest candy experience ever. My husband took a big bite and wasn't expecting what was in the middle and had a sugar explosion all over himself! Sounds kinda dirty, but it actually was. What is dragon's beard candy you ask? It is spun sugar wrapped in crust up peanuts and something else I think, but not sure exactly what. Either way, if you are in Montreal visiting, it it worth a stop for a new experience.Best part is the cash register (aka towel)!
5	I was on a mission.  I'd Yelped some places before our short trip to Montreal and was determined to find this place.  We trudged through a rain storm, public transportation, and dealt with a long day of travels.  When I was just about to give up, I. saw. the. candy.  It was raining so I didn't get to watch them make this delicious treat, but I didn't care.  I had my prize.  I gladly paid $4.00 and tucked my treat away.  The packaging isn't the most sturdy and you may want to bring a plastic sealed bag with you if you have a long day ahead of you, but this delicious treat is well worth it (I think mine ended up getting a little rained on, even).  Actually, the packaging is flimsy plastic wrapped with a rubber band.  The filling ends up spilling out of the package and gets everywhere (nonetheless worth it).  What's inside? Sweet spun sugar with peanut, coconut, and more sugar inside!  If it is a warm day out, you may want to devour your treat ASAP.  The heat tends to break the candy down leaving you with a stiff mass of sweetness vs. the pillow-like treat you originally bought.  I loved this stuff so much, I made my husband go through another round of travels on our second and last day in Montreal to get some more...
5	Fine spun sugar threads wrapped around a sweet filling of ground peanuts, sesame, coconut, and chocolate.Night and day, passersby stop to watch the elderly gentleman behind this little stand on Le Gauchetere in Montreal's Chinese quarter as he spins sugar dough into long white threads and wraps them ever so carefully around the filling of this wonderful candy. There is something amazing about the fact that he does just this one thing all the time, taking such obvious care with each and every piece.A sign sitting on the counter reads: "This unusual candy was once made only for the emperors of China during state banquets.  Dragons are a Chinese imperial symbol, and since the emporer's candy resembles a long white beard, it came to be called 'Dragon's Beard Candy'."The emperor's candy also tastes like a beard, but in a good way. It looks a little like cotton candy, but it's actually quite different. It doesn't melt like cotton candy, and it isn't as sweet. It is crunchier than you might expect, and a little harder to eat -  and for a moment there, you might even question whether or not it is actually meant to be eaten. But once you get past that point - which is kind of thrilling -  the sugar threads blend into the delicious sweet peanut, chocolate, sesame, and coconut filling, and before you know it the experience is over and you are ready to try one of these delicious sweets again.  Which is why I recommend picking up a box of six ($4.00) as opposed to tasting just one.
3	It's not that it's delicious - but it's interesting, and it was new for me.  That's normally enough.  And in this case, it was.  If you get to Montreal China Town before it closes (and boy does it close early for a China Town) it's worth stopping by here - for the experience if nothing else.
4	Is this very clever Marketing, or really an ancient Chinese tradition only served to Emperor's!  Like an episode of "Ripley's believe it or not!" I will let you be the judge!  Four or Five years ago during Chinese New Year I saw this man stationed in the Casino De Montreal spinning his trade for people to try!  I tried it back then and thought it was more gimmick than the real thing!  Today as I was in Chinatown I went by to see this tiny shop where the elder Chinese man was selling his small packages of 6 for $4.  Very delicious mix of sugar, peanut and coconut!  A different kind of desert and a very niche idea!  I thought it was great!  You may or may not depending on your taste!  Give it a try though as you can't argue that it sure is an original idea!!!!
4	Whenever we come to Montreal, we try to get their dragon beard candy.  Authentic!  $4 for a box of 6.  Glad that I got 2 boxes before they close for the day.
4	This stuff is awesome and a must try!!
4	Love supporting mom and pop stores. This is a Chinese delicacy that will be lost soon. It's hard to find it anywhere.
4	Who wouldn't be intrigued by eating something epic called dragon beard candy? Sugar spun floss-like coating covering coconut and peanuts. Imagine all your favorite tastes in one. Tastes exactly how you would imagine, the sugary thread dissolving first into the chewy peanut/coconut mix. It's hard to notice along the street of tiny shops, but you might as well give it a try while you're touring around Montreal's Chinatown. Hooray for small shops with honest people trying to make a living.0.75 cents per piece, or $4 for pack of 6.
4	Stopped by while walking around in Montreal. The last time I had these were when I was in Korea. One of my favorite candies! This is not too sweet, and has a good amount of fillings in it. Had to get two packs instead of one and every bite was worth it. Definitely stop by if you're walking by this area.
4	What an amazing and unique experience.  They hand make their treats right in front you.  I had the sweet dumplings.  Perfect light snack as you are walking throughout Chinatown or making your way down to the waterfront.
