5	They were amazing. Jeremy was so helpful and available 24/7 for advice on anything in Vegas. It made party planning easy and stress free.  Would 100% book with them again.
5	By far the best option for anyone looking to book tables or anything related to partying in Vegas. Once I got in contact with Jeremy I was able to hit him up with any little question I had about my weekend. Must have texted him like fifty times with questions and he never once made it feel like it was an inconvenience for him. O and you have last minute changes to your plans? No problem at all. Jeremy is there to make any changes necessary. We had 12 guys getting a table at XS on Saturday during the first round of the NCAA tournament (easily one of the busiest weekends in Vegas. We probably waited 5 minutes to get in and Jeremy hooked it up with a sweet table just off the dance floor compared to a lame table outside for no extra price. Dude is there for you 24/7 during and leading up to your trip. Booked with him twice now and gonna keep booking with him every time I go to Vegas. Hit up Jeremy you won't regret it.
5	If I could give more than 5 stars I would!  Jeremy was awesome and made our Las Vegas trip the most memorable ever.  We had a group of 7 people and of course we all had different opinions on what to do and when and how much to spend.  I emailed a few other companies along with this one and out of all of them Jeremy was the most helpful, was constantly emailing back when I emailed him or text him, didn't seem to mind when I asked a million times to requote and had the best price.  He delivered exactly what he said he would, was on time even when we were late, and was very patient :).  I can't thank him enough for helping us have the best Las Vegas trip ever.  We will definitely use his services from now on.  I used a different company before and I am glad they never returned my call which forced me to look elsewhere and find Jeremy.  Thank you!!
5	I was a bit hesitant at first to try a Vegas host for the first time, but when it came down to it, Jeremy pulled through.  He was great at communicating back different options and very patient.  My party was a bachelors party with 18 guys.  He hooked it up with patio seats and a good amount of alcohol.  When I come back to Vegas, I'm definitely using him.
5	I  was in Vegas last weekend for a bachelorette party. Jeremy was amazing! I found him on line and submitted my request via http://vegaspartyvip.com. He responded via text within a few mins.  It was 100% stress free. All we did was check in on time @ marquee. He had excellent communication. If you are in Vegas, Jeremy is definitely your guy!
5	Took my son to Vegas for his 21st birthday. Jeremy made the weekend a hit with my son and his friends. The club crawl was a lot of fun and Jeremy got the kids into Tao and Hakkasan with VIP entry. No lines on two busy summer nights. Jeremy was always available through text and responded to every text and made my every request happen. Thank you Jeremy for helping me give my son a terrific 21st!!!! Highly recommend this company.
5	I recently planned a bachelor party for my friend out in Vegas and we decided to use a VIP Host.  There was 8 of us total that went.  After looking at reviews on Yelp it was between Vegas Party VIP and and another company.  After receiving an initial plan for Jeremy I decided at first to use the other VIP Host because they made me commit to $100 deposit before I was even able to receive information.  Once I received information from the other host I decided to call Jeremy to discuss things.  It was clear who we had to use.  Jeremy included all the costs up front including tips, gratuity, etc.  The other costs seemed cheaper but what you don't realize is you will have to drop our own credit cards at the club or venue and also pay any taxes and gratuity.  The other company seemed to also push the lesser clubs because they got deals and right off the bat Jeremy told us how it was and layed out everything up front.  He's more concerned about his clients having a good time and he definitely pulled through for us.  He didn't pressure me it all and just let me make the decision which definitely turned out to be the right one.  As for the weekend Friday night we went to XS which is the toughest club to get into and we walked in like we owned the place.  As 8 guys it definitely feels good to walk past about 300 girls waiting patiently in line as we zoom right through the table reservation line.  Jeremy walked us right in.  Saturday we decided on going with a pool club and since we were staying at the palazzo we decided on Tao Beach.  Jeremy mentioned he knew the manager and could get us a pretty good deal.  For a 2k minimum he was able to get us the best cabana in the place.  Keep in mind Tao Beach only has 8 cabanas so were definitely the big fish in the small pond.  Tao Beach was amazing and was definitely our favorite part of the weekend.  Saturday night Jeremy got us hooked up again at Hakkasan.  Originally he was going to get us bottle service at one of the front 4 Pavilion tables but as we were on the way to the club in a huge limo truck he texts me he was able to upgrade us 2 tiers for the same price.  The table was awesome and Hakkasan was amazing with all the confetti, lasers, etc.  Over the course of a few weeks I must have texted him 40-50 times and he immediately responded every time.  Jeremy was an awesome host and would recommend him to anyone looking to set up anything in Vegas.  He will walk you in to every club so you don't have to wait in any lines and he is available for anything else you need and because he knows so many people he gets hooked up the way other hosts can't.  I would definitely use Jeremy again!!!
5	I was in contact with Jeremy about a month out from my arrival in vegas. Jeremy is extremely professional. He returned every email or text message promptly. We ended up putting down a few $K for a nice spot a wet republic with Jeremy. A few days prior to arriving, my wife became sick and could no longer travel to vegas. Jeremy refunded our money with no problem and even said "things happen". I want to mention he kept his percentage but he completely deserved it for all the work he put into our planning. If you look at my other reviews, we are not easily pleased. Jeremy's service gets our full approval.
5	My best friend and I were going to Vegas for a few days to celebrate her birthday...and we wanted to go to XS at the Encore but didn't want to pay the $25 cover to get in. Soooo....we contacted Jeremy to see if he could hook us up, and he did!! We not only got in for free, but he even scored us a few drink tickets as well. We would have given him a big kiss if he was with us! We had a great night thanks to him.
5	Unreal, undeniable and unforgettable.I go to Vegas at least once a year. By far this was the best weekend E.V.E.R.  Found Vegas Party VIP on Yelp by mistake- was looking just nightclubs. Best mistake ever. Contacted them through the website about a month before I came. Jeremy told me to reach out to him a week before- but he's so on top of his game he contacted me before I even had a chance to do anythjng.  :) made my life is much easier and made me look awesome in front of my friends. He got us onto the Hakkasan guest list to see Calvin Harris (tickets were about $120 per person FYI). Free to us 3 girls. We ended up get VIP treatments from Hakkasan and got to sit right next to the stage with unlimited bottle service (yay Vegas!). We also were able to see Bruno Mars at Marquee (he even hooked us up at Marquee Dayclub as well) with DJs Lisa Pittman and Havana Brown. Love love their music. Havana Brown even shook my hands. She was a total sweetheart. All questions were answered within an hour max. Most of the time he answered right away. Service is definitely top notch. Will be using this service over and over again and definitely spreading the words to my friends. Thank you so much Vegas Party VIP!!!!Xoxo
5	I had planned my buddy's 21 Birthday trip in Vegas a few months ago and got everybody out here only to find that we had no true plan for the big day. I called Jeremy the day before we arrived and he set everything up for us. Limo at our hotel, VIP at XS (The #1 club in Vegas), limo to the after party at the gentleman's club and even concierged us around the MGM while we were at the club and bar there. He has been helpful throughout our week here and I would highly recommend this service to anybody coming the strip whether its the first time or your hundredth, he will take care of you and focus on a personal experience. I know I've not only made a great resource for every time I come back, but a new friend.
5	I was skeptical going with a host company as I had never done it before, however, my previous experience in Vegas had me seeing lines out the door for clubs and thinking I would never be able to get me and my crew in. So when my friends and I decided to go to Vegas for Spring Break I had to contact someone and needless to say Jeremy hooked us up with everything we needed! We had a group of 4 guys and he was able to get us bottle service at the Marquee on Monday. He also was able to get us in last minute in to Surrender to see DJ Snake as well as providing us with a private limo. We skipped the lines at the club. Jeremy takes care of you from day one with quick communication. I can honestly say without Jeremy's help we wouldn't have been able to do half the things we ended up doing. Check him out for yourself and I promise you won't be disappointed! Vegas Party VIP is my only stop for guaranteeing a successful Vegas trip!
5	RICH IS THE MAN!!! I was there this weekend and he hooked me and my fellas up with a killer deal on a table at Hakassan. He also threw in a limo and trip to some other venues (that I will not disclose). All and all the service was fast, friendly, and affordable. I will recommend this to anyone I know going to Vegas. 5 stars all the way!!!! Thanks RICH. Can't wait to see you next time.
5	I've been to LV a bunch of times and it been cool. Last week I went with some buddies from my college days. I was mentally prepared to spend two hours in line, get separated because the group was all guys, and spend a fortune trying to get into some average club... This is where my main man Rich comes in! Rich had us not only in the club but at the best table right on the Catwalk! That was just the beginning. I can't write about the rest of the trip but needless to say, this LV trip was unlike any before. Rich gets it done. On time, well organized, and he has all the details covered!
5	What can I say? Rich hooked it up for my friends and I.  We skipped the lines at XS, got great rates on bottle service and he was there for us throughout the night for whatever we needed. Us having a good time was clearly important to him....and he delivered.
5	Words can't even begin to describe how amazing Jeremy was for my trip to Vegas a couple of weeks ago. It was my 25th birthday, and I wanted to go out with a bang....but on a budget. Jeremy went out of his way to accommodate my friends and I. We spoke for almost 2 months about different options we could take within the amount of money we wanted to spend. Not only did this dude hook it up by walking us in VIP and allowing us to skip the line, but he managed to get a table with bottle service for an amazing price. I was so impressed with how attentive he was even before we got into Vegas, but even more so once we got into town. I work in customer service and really can appreciate when people go out of their way to make the client happy. And that's exactly what he did. He truly went above and beyond my expectations and helped make a birthday trip I will never forget! There's no other option as to who I'll contact for any future trips to Vegas! I've even passed his name along to some friends who are looking to go visit this year. I highly recommend anyone who's looking for a badass time in Vegas to contact Jeremy. You will not be disappointed!!! Thank you Jeremy!! :)
5	Had a party of 10 for a bachelor party and big man Jeremy took care of us with bottle reservations on a Saturday night. Always attentive answering text messages at anytime of the day....this guy doesn't sleep lol good work big Jeremy, you know I'll be contacting you again on future trips.
5	This is my first Yelp review ever and it fittingly goes to Vegas Party VIP because of the positive experiences I've had working with them. When I want to party in Vegas, I only go to one person: JEREMY! He is professional, organized, and provides detailed information about the venues and helps you out every step of the way. He's very attentive and answers your messages at any time of the day. I appreciated feeling like a VIP every step of the way. Once you work with Jeremy and Vegas Party VIP you'll never want to work with another company again! I am definitely referring him to friends and family.
5	Rich from Vegas Party VIP is my new favorite person in Vegas! I worked with Rich to build a great bachelorette night out in Vegas and it far surpassed my expectations!  Rich and Vegas Party VIP made me a hero with my group and WE. HAD. SO. MUCH. FUN! Rich's attention to detail was amazing, he was on time, made great suggestions, and delivered on *everything* that he promised.  Not just that, but he was incredibly professional, personable, and a blast to hang out with.  He was able to get us everything that we wanted, within our budget, and everything we did was top notch, so I didn't *feel* like we were on a budget. I'm a hospitality industry veteran from The Bay Area.  I admit I'm a bit jaded by the industry and I know the difference between genuine good service and just 'mailing it in.'  I go to Vegas several times a year, and Rich took better care of me than any other VIP host ever has.  I will definitely work with him again and my girls can't wait to do the same.   We're already talking about our next trip!
5	What an amazing evening! Huge thank you to Jeremy and Vegas Party VIP for a stellar evening! Beecher's Madhouse was everything we wanted and more! Guest list for seven girls, bottle service and an amazing booth location! Couldn't ask for better service! Will definitely be using this service again!
5	A+++ experience!  Jeremy and the VEGAS PARTY VIP team provided service that FAR exceeded any expectation! VIP experience that our group will never forget.    Will be sending everyone I know to Vegas Party VIP and will be using the service again.Background:  We are locals who wanted to have a nice ladies night out at the clubs.  As a local, we have many choices but we didn't want to stress over the planning.  We contacted Jeremy and gave him a little info on where we wanted to go and some background on us so he could suggest some other clubs we might enjoy.  He gave us several solid choices for the night.  We choose Beacher's and had a THE BEST time there.   I can't put into words how fantastic it was and can't thank Jeremy enough for organizing and arranging our entry and table.  Pros:  Super attentive and professional service            Easy to communicate with and quick and thorough responses            Has access to THE best of the best nightlife/clubs in town            Cares about their clients and their experience         I super highly recommend their services.
5	Jeremy and the Vegas VIP team gave myself and my friends a fabulous time at beachers madhouse! They gave us real VIP experience! I would recommend them to everybody.
5	I was so impressed by the service my friends and I received for Vegas VIP.  Thank you Jeremy for the outstanding service and memorable time!
1	Worst company ever. I read the reviews here which were good reviews and decided to go ahead and try this company for my trip to Vegas in October. I sent several requests on their website emailed and called without a reponse back. Isnt this suppose to be about customer service. I guess this company either dont like to make money or dont care about their customers.  I so hate to be ignored.
5	Flew into Vegas in August from England for a stag (bachelor) party.  We wanted to go big on the Saturday night so I got in touch with Jeremy after finding him here on Yelp.  This guy is the man!!!!  He looked after us amazingly.  Got us a great deal on bottle servie @ Tryst in the Wynn Hotel and we had the best night of the trip.  He also sorted a limo to pick us up with drinks so we did Vegas in style and even threw in a few extras which made the night one never to forget!!I can 100% recommend Jeremy and Vegas Part VIP.  Thanks guys.  Can't wait for the next trip!!
5	Unbelievable weekend in Vegas thanks to Jeremy at VegasVIP. A few friends were skeptical at first, but as soon as our night at Sapphire and amazing table at Hakkassan for Martin Garrix were underway, everyone could not believe the service we had gotten. If you want to be treated like a real VIP (and remember its vegas so you're going to be spending a little money) call Jeremy, he'll make sure that everything you want, is exactly what you get. You could spend the same amount and be greatly disappointed (believe me, i know from experience). I'm super happy that every time I plan a trip to vegas, i've have the hook up on a real VIP service. Thanks again Jeremy!!!!
5	Honestly, I have to say that this party we had was one of the best experiences EVER!I've been to Vegas before, but Jeremy really made our recent trip one of a kind.  Even though our night had started out iffy because of being rained in, Jeremy pulled through and set us up with accommodations to make up for and completely outdo the minor setbacks we had.We had an amazing time at the first venue, the ride in the humongous limo and finally the cherry on top, the David Guetta party at XS.  We had the best table in the house and one of the best lineups for any club concert that could've taken place that weekend.Jeremy is the man and he kept exceeding our expectations on everything!  I just know that everyone, including the man of the hour, had enjoyed the whole night thanks to Jeremy's great planning and accommodations.
5	Chris was awesome I requested to get on the Guest List at 9 pm and he had me on the Guest List within minutes. He is the Go To Guy for Las Vegas Adventures and Lifetime Memories.
5	Jeremy is amazing! I must of texted him a million times before heading to Vegas and he answered every single question we had. They worked with the budget we had. We all had a blast because of them!  The whole Vegas Party Vip crew was awesome. We had a great time partying with them in Vegas. I would hands down recommend them to anyone!
4	Amazing experience simply the best DJ and we got a table so the bottle service was good with nice waitresses helping us out. Rest who cares after-all that's all we do in vegas right !!
5	VIP Services Kick Ass!!!! Vegas is always expensive.  But going right through the lines is worth it.  We even got a monster limo (20 seater) .  Great experience!! Awesome job!
5	Jeremy is the man!  He's taken care of me multiple times and always delivers the best tables and service.  I highly recommend him to all friends and colleagues.
5	I can not say enough about Jeremy and Vegas Party VIP team! I was browsing on Yelp looking for a fun night in Vegas and came across this page. I clicked on the link provided and filled out a form online.  Jeremy text me soon after.  I told him I was looking for a fun time but was concerned because I was with a guy- and we all know how difficult it is for guys to get into a club. He hooked me up with a perfect itinerary. I had a thousand questions for him and he answered every single one of them,  (okay not that many, but I'm sure he would've answered them) prior to my Sin City arrival.   Everything from where to meet to dress code for guys! He sent me a map and calmed my worries.  Once I arrived at the meeting place, I mentioned his name and there was nothing but good things that people said about him and his service. One thing that stood out was that they referred to him as a Genuine guy! That totally calmed my crazy nerves and skepticism of weather we were going to have a fun night! This is a sure contact to keep Thanks Jeremy!!!
