4	if i didnt have tummy issues after eating here it would easily be a 5 star. but the fact that i do get tummy issues but still keep coming back means that maybe it is 5 star food. its cheapness makes it seem that much tastier.i will stick with a 4 star only cause there is no indoor seating. you can sit outside at long picnic tables outside, under a tent thingy or just get takeaway. its good. and you get a lot of it. there are brave people eating here in the winter but i am not one of them.  they change their menu every day. you walk in to a small room, wait in a usually short line, pick out any number of their around 10 options differing daily that are looking at you so you can see whats up even if you dont know whats in it, wait for it, get it takeway or join some randoms and inhale. i hate to use the word authentic, cause i dont give a shit if something is authentic ,if i like it i like it.but if you are one of those people who likes to only eat authentic, ive been told this is authentic as authentic can get.
5	My brother lived in Edinburgh for several years and took me here when I came to visit for a few days.  I love a lot of things in Edinburgh but this was definitely top three stops.  Enormous, delicious plate of vegetarian food for less than I paid for any other meal on the trip.  Eating it out back at the picnic tables on a lovely day was tops.
4	A friend took me here for a cheap dinner when I visited him a few years ago.  I think we went back at least twice more in the week I was there; we would have probably gone every day if we hadn't been restrained only by our mutual guilt at eating there so often.The curry is absolutely fantastic, cheap, and lavishly portioned.  That plus a little cheap Tesco naan (I'm sure their own naan is better, but we were cheap bastards) made for a delicious and filling meal. The ambiance is a bit lacking, so just order for takeaway and enjoy it elsewhere.  Be sure to hold it with both hands!If it weren't 3,700 miles away from me, this would probably be a weekly meal.
4	Tucked away down a subtle side street entrance, the Mosque Kitchen is a hidden haven for hearty Indian cuisine. Serving locals, students and even the business elite, the luring smell of home cooked, honest Indian fare attracts all. Offering a limited but exceptionally affordable array of dishes, the Mosque Kitchen produces some simple but flavoursome gems. Vegetarians can enjoy a truly moreish Tarka Dahl or a flavoursome spinach and potato curry, whilst those of a more meaty persuasion can indulge in one of the Mosque's daily chicken or lamb servings. With the offering of rice, plain or garlic naan to accompany each dish, diners can anticipate a meal that satisfies any level of hunger. A word of warning, though, diners can expect to feast on humble trestle tables, shelter under a rustic corrugated roof and mingle amidst a friendly bunch of pigeons. Meek and unassuming, the Mosque Kitchen boasts unbeatable prices, food of a superlative nature, and will undoubtedly leave you comfortably stuffed for the day ahead.
5	A no-frills eating venue which has begun to take on an almost legendary status, The Mosque Kitchen is a dining experience quite unlike any other in the city. If it's luxury, ambience, or even proper cutlery you're after, you won't find it here. If however it's a tasty curry at frankly unbelievably cheap prices you want, then that's exactly what you'll get.I'm so carnivorous I'd happily feast on a roadkill rabbit by the side of the motorway, so I was pretty surprised to find it was the vegetable curry, with all sorts of greenery thrown in, that was my favourite. I expect I'll be a regular visitor here though, so that may change.It's places like this that really give a city it's character, and I'd much rather give my hard earned to the people of the mosque than many of the city's more unscrupulous curry house owners. I urge you to do the same.
4	I cant believe I lived across the road from this place for nearly a whole year and didnt try the Mosque Kitchen.It was recommended to me, and frankly I didnt fancy it - but I was there today and I am now kicking myself that I didnt take advantage while I still could.The food is great. It's propper Indian/Pakistani food, and more importantly there is absolutly loads of it for a very tidy price. Eating outdoors is also great, and gives this place a great vibe. I really will be here again!
5	This place should definitely be kept on the down low because it is frickin awesome. I really fancied curry the other day and remembered seeing the raving reviews on Yelp and thought I would give it a bash. The simplicity of this restaurant might put you off at first but it is fantastic. Real, authentic food and at a stupidly cheap price. Never has eating out a box been so good! I will return to this place again and again because it is just that good.
5	Nearly every student has heard of the Mosque Kitchen. There is a reason for that.Situated near George Sq in the centre of town, the Mosque Kitchen is a canteen-esque restaraunt attached to the Edinburgh Mosque. This where students come to fill up with big portions of cheap curry! Don't be put off though, cheap does not mean poor quality. The Mosque Kitchen serves a small range of curry every day. There is usually a small selection, that can be accompanied with rice with some side servings such as nan. Food is dished up into polystyrene dishes and eaten with plastic cutlery. But make no mistake; the curry is great quality and the portions very reasonable. Regular attendees appreciate the lack of fuss made over the presentation; they are here for what the kitchen sets out to do, provide great curry for all!The Mosque Kitchen has a communal feel and expects to have some great chat, especially if you come regularly, sitting at one of the few long, school-cafeteria type tables.If you're visiting Edinburgh and you want to see where the locals, especially the students, eat out, or you are looking for somewhere less pricey to fill up for the day, try the Mosque Kitchen. If you live in Edinburgh and you haven't been, why not?
5	This place is brilliant, nothing more to say.Well, ok I'll go on....It doesn't look like much to people walking past and you'll not be the first to walk past it, but if you go in you'll never want to go anywhere else!! The offer huge dishes for next to nothing! The food is delicious and the people there are beyond wonderful.It feels like you're getting a cuddle every time you're in here, it's a total diamond in the rough! Only tell your best friends!
5	The Mosque Kitchen lies just behind Edinburgh Central Mosque and offers food at unbeatable prices where the money you pay goes to worthy causes. I have been here a good few times, and I must say that the last time I went, I was a bit disappointed by the naan bread, and thought it was a bit dry, but it is the festival period and I came late in the day, so perhaps this may have had something to do with it. Even if this was a common occurrence, I would probably still give this place 5 stars, as the curry tastes divine and the portions will fill you up no matter how hungry you are.If you do not want to fork out on extra money on drinks there is a water fountain just outside the kitchen area and there are cups where you can have this water instead. A couple of very minor criticisms of the place is that there are lots of pigeons who pester you during your meal while you sit under the gazebo and they only supply a spoon rather than a knife and fork. Other than this, it's great, there aren't many places in Edinburgh that can be this!
5	This is the best. place. in. Edinburgh. ever. I have friends who come back to visit and refuse to leave without stopping at the Mosque Kitchen first. I'm not talking about people who'd never been here before (though, word does get around), but people who lived in Edinburgh for a while and counted on the Mosque Kitchen to cure their disproportionate hangover. I always get the vegetarian options (which have multiplied lately!) which are dahl, rice, greasy spinach with potatoes, chickpeas, and sometimes a vegetable curry. And I think they're definitely the best and cheapest options available. The Mosque Kitchen also sells rubicon and delicious ginger beer to quench your thirst. The people who work there are also real sweet too.
5	Went to the Mosque Kitchen for the first time after a year away travelling. I have to say it was one of the two things I missed while I was away (Kopperberg was the other!) and I was worried it might have changed....Maybe the prices had gone up...... maybe they don't do lamb anymore.... maybe the pigeons had killed everyone in a fit of impulsive hunger and taken over the little yard behind the Mosque, making it a death trap for the students and locals of Newington.....!!Thankfully none of the above had in fact happened, although, inevitably, there was one niggling negative upon my return......And that was the great big 'Mosque Kitchen' sign over the archway.This kitchen is Edinburgh's best kept secret and should really stay that way if we want to enjoy the portions, the price and the level of service from the lovely folk that run the place. Same thing happened to KFC and that place is EXTORTIONATE now!!.......okay I can't back that up.Other than that, I got the ground minced lamb rather than the big chunky lamb.... bit of a surprise but still great. Chicken's still the chicken.Winner!
3	Good for a bowl of tasty hot, cheap, quick vegetarian food. Don't go expecting a restaurant. I enjoyed my curry and rice.
2	Hmph.... I think I was expecting much more from Mosque Kitchen than what was delivered. Saag aloo that had been cooked to death (somehow the potato remained semi-raw), cold chicken and average tarka daal. Massive portions yes. Perfect for starving students looking for a change from Greggs... but for a couple of quid more, you can get a lot better. Definitely disappointed in this one.
4	I can't believe I have been yelping for a year and still haven't reviewed the Mosque Kitchen!OK here it goes:Hungover? Like cheap curry?In a hurry?Then Mosque kitchen is for you! I really enjoy mosque kitchen when it isn't freezing outside (it's outdoor seating although I hear they made an indoor seating). Nevertheless, be it sun or snow this food will most certainly warm you up from the inside. A great choice for some affordable grub at very substantial portions! You can mix and match the mains if you can't decide on a specific curry. Their garlic naan is particularly tasty also! Be warned that lunch times can be very busy as well as swooping pigeons. Great food at great value.
3	This place - along with their newly established Mosque Cafe on Clerk-Nicholson St way, is good quality food for a great price.  However, I wish they would use true cutlery and plates instead of the styrofoam they still use in the Cafe.  It just doesn't suit the establishment and isn't friendly all around.  The newer cafe is cleaner than the Mosque environs where you had to eat outdoors under a covered area with pigeons flying about.  Overall, it is great for the food.
4	Cheap and cheerful Indian food. Much paper plate and plastic fork charm. We summed it up as: "an unmissable Edinburgh lunch spot that represents excellent bang for your buck.  If you've not been there, go, and if you haven't been for a while, go back and sample it again.  You won't be disappointed."
3	Came here a few weeks ago with friends and enjoyed the food but the place was absolutely packed! I guess that's what you get for coming around lunch time near Uni. The food was good and the price was definitely nice. You get huge portions. I did feel that my dish was a little too oily/buttery though and considering there is Indian Food on nearly every corner in Edinburgh, I wasn't too impressed with it. Perfect for students on a budget though!
5	This place was awesome. It's about as hole-in-the-wall as it gets. The food is awesome and entirely authentic, I miss it already. If you ever get the chance, go for it.If you want the extra burn, grab a ginger beer to complement the curry.
5	For what it is the New Mosque Kitchen, is simply phenomenal. If you don't like curry, don't come here. If you want fancy cutlery, don't come here. If want porcelain or china plates, don't come here. If you want table service, don't come here. If you need booze with your food, don't come here. If you want to eat a really tasty meal, which will leave you feeling full, but not bloated, for hours after come here. If you want to eat well for pennies, come here. If you want to eat cheaply in a family friendly canteen style eatery come here. (The address here is right, but pictures are of the old mosque kitchen)
3	Went with the chicken and beef curry with rice.  Not a bad dish by any standards.  the only downside was we had too much leftover and our fridge in the RV was not working.  Not bad really, just meant 2 back to back meals of great food.  I thought that the prices were very good and the food was not the best, but better than most "buffet style" indian restaurants.  If I lived here, I would definitely come back from time to time.
4	This restaurant firmly deserves his reputation for good food. Immediately you notice many people in traditional Muslim dress. That's an excellent sign. Everything is so clean here too.My friend and I got the buffet. This was mainly do not knowing what specifically to order and wanting to sample too much. Anyway, the food is great. There is so much to choose from. I especially liked the pakora, rice, naan, and sheekh kebabs. Those kebabs were bloody spicy.If you're doing the buffet, you'll pay and get your plate at the main counter. If you're purchasing items off their menu, you can pay where the food is being served. They only accept cash.
4	I was originally going to give the Mosque a solid 5/5 but then I had another think about it and I decided I was going to have to reduce this by 1 star. And here is why. PRO followed by CON.1) The curry is really tasty - BUT there is more variation in just how tasty it is. Today for example I was a bit dissapointed - the rice was greasy and the chicken lacked flavour.2) It's Cheap - BUT it's not as cheap as it used to be. The delight was that you could get more food, and a drink faster and cheaper than anywhere else. While it's still pretty much faster and more, there is less than you used to get and you're paying almost 25% more than a few years ago. 3) The Location is good. It's central, on that lovely bit of Edinburgh old town that seems reserved for mentalists and drug users, however it's close to pretty much all of old town and the uni so this is fine. 4) It's chilled out. The guys are cool. They do takeaway and it's ironically an amazing lunch time hangover cure if you're suffering from the night before. Anyway I've mainly given it 4 start because it's not as good as it used to be and it's gotten more expensive. Saying that I still eat here a couple times a week. Favourite meal : Meat curry, rice, dahl and veg, witha  can of rubicon guava juice. Sweet.
3	The Mosque Kitchen has been on my internal food-radar since about day 2 of moving to Edinburgh. When asking for recommendations on where to go, almost everyone told me I simply must try The Mosque Kitchen. Summed up, it's cheap, it's cheerful, it's no frills, but it's a big plate of food, it's curry and it's tasty.So it was finally over a year later, at 10pm in the midst of the Fringe frenzy that I stumbled upon it with nothing in my but Guiness, whisky and an appetite.And for that - the middle of a typical Fringe day, surrounded by locals, visitors, performers, and 10pm feeling like 4pm (I dont know what time this place would close during the Festival, but 6am is a typical hit-the-hay time...) that I lined up in the school-cafeteria style queue and ordered my plate of rice, lamb curry, and paid up front.The lamb was tender, the sauce spicy but that's about as far as it goes. It filled a hole, it was tasty, and it would make do for just those occasions - when you're super hungry and just need to fill a hole but want something different to a sandwich / hot dog / kebab. They Mosque Kitchen often do the rounds at Festivals too - like Christmas Markets, with their pop-up shop. I really like their curry. They're not trying to be a haute cuisine restaurant. So for a time and a place, The Mosque Kitchen is perfectly and definitely an Edinburgh institution in its own right.
5	Ok, so here is the deal, there are TWO Mosque Kitchens. A couple of months ago I ate at the Mosque Kitchen that is on the corner of Nicholson street and I ... was underwhelmed, to say the least. The quality of the food, meh, the cafeteria-style setting, meh, no clean tables, meh. Didn't like it and couldn't understand for the love of me why people were getting all ravey about it.Right...... so, get this, if you walk through the front gates of the actual mosque, and walk to the back, there's another Mosque Kitchen, where there is table-service and the food is positively moarish. It's so good, I'm half suspecting them of just drugging me when I get in there, I get so happy.I have to admit, I now come here about once or twice a week, usually with a colleague. The plates of food you get are just absolutely ridiculous, and the prices are amazingly good. It never fails to keep me full from 13:00 well into 17:30/18:00 which for me is rather important as I get right crabby when I'm hungry. (And by crabby I mean: "Hey Lou, have you seen that memo I se-," Me: "GRRRRR." Colleague: "Did you just ... growl at me?" Me: "KSSSHHHGRRRRR.") Ok, so that may not have been the most eloquent explanation, but what I'm trying to get across here is that Mosque Kitchen saved my job, and that, my friends, is a good, good thing.
5	The mosque kitchen is by far one of the best places to get some of the most succulent kebabs in Edinburgh alongside a splash of dall and a dollop of spinach, all over a big full bowl of rice.  I would go here at least once or twice a week when I was working at the Edinburgh uni library, and would always get a little bit of everything. I was rarely if ever disappointed by the food here! I did make the mistake of going to the new mosque kitchen they opened up on Nicholson, which wasn't too impressive, but was then glad to find out that the original is still alive and well.Be warned that this is more of a cafeteria than a restaurant. They will serve you the food inside, and then you go outside to the plastic tables and fold out chairs to enjoy your warm meal. Even so, you would still find me here at 6 pm on a cold December night indulging in a big bowl of tasty mosque kitchen food.
5	Anyone who gives this place less than 4 stars needs to take a long, hard look at themselves. This placehas cheap curry!!!!! and its like a pot noodle, does exactly what it says on the tin, doesn't try and be posh or anything that its not. just massive portions of tasty cheap curry for under a fiver. dun- no!!!
3	Loads of people tell me to come here, and I have come here several times.There are not many options, it is canteen style food, yet the portions are huge, the food is cheap, and this is probably one of the best student meals you will get in the area for the price (especially in terms of quantity).Being vegetarian, I have always gone for the chickpea curry (chana masala) or the lentil dal with rice. The naan looks decent for the price, plus it's massive. This is a good place to come when you're really hungry and just desperately want to fill up with some food which isn't too bad for you. It's got to be better than kebabs, right?So, this is definitely not a place for a dinner date... Nor for a sophisticated ritual for ladies who like to lunch.... But it will fill the hole.If I wanted a normal sized portion, I would go to himalaya cafe just up the road and pay around the same price for a delicious curry. Yes, it's slightly smaller, but the food is very fresh, tasty, and you get salad with your food. All this in a beautifully decorated  cafe, which also offers yoga classes. Himalaya also offer an amazing chai latte, which entices me even more.
4	It's cheap and very basic, but has a good variety of curries at very low prices. And the portions are massive so you're probably best asking for take away and finish it off later. No airs and graces, no prevention, I've offend the staff very friendly on both occasions I've been here. It's mass produced food but you know what, there's something refreshing about this place's simplicity.
3	While visiting Edinburgh, a friend took us to the Mosque Kitchen on our last day in town. As a vegetarian, I thought they had a solid selection for a decent price. The food was tasty and the service was on point.
4	First Kitchen I have ever heard of being in or part of a Mosque. As its already been pointed out, reminds me of a cafeteria . Stand in line, pick what you want , pay and go back to your seat. Has surprisingly good curry. I really enjoyed the spinach lamb curry. I recommend it! They also have a variety of ethnic beverages to have with your meal. What sold me was the amount of food for the price . It's cheap and left me stuffed! The place also seemed clean when I was there and the staff also friendly. If your tight on money and have a hankering for curry and want a lot of food for cheap this is the place.
3	I ended up going into this place with some friends, as they said it was pretty good and inexpensive. The actually dining area isn't anything more then a cafeteria type setting, but there are lots of seats and they can accommodate for larger parties. They have a lot of food places like this in the States, where you basically just go through a line and point to what you want, but this place actually serves decent food.I opted for the 3 vegetarian curries and rice plate, which was 5 pounds for a big plate of rice and curries. I was really keen on the aubergine, but it must be really popular because they were all out. So I opted for the chickpea, mushroom and potato curries, they do have meat, but none of use tried any. I loved the chickpea curry and the mushrooms as well, but was not a big fan of the potatoes. The chickpeas were way better then I expected and were really well spiced. Overall, the food was quite spicy, but if you can handle it, it is very enjoyable. The only thing, (which is a personal thing) is that I like greens in my food, or at least for it to have something green in it. The options I had didn't have any peppers, etc, but I did try my boyfriends okra, which was really nice. So they do offer some good 'green' food options. They provided a good portion of food for the price and all up I think we paid 11 pounds for two meals. A great deal for a cheap and fast eat. I wouldn't go for the ambience, but they also do offer take away if you'd like to sit somewhere without florescent lighting or at home. A nice, quick meal for a reasonable price. I don't live in the area, but out of the few Indian places I've tried in Edinburgh, this was the best one.
1	I have been told a few times that this place is an inexpensive gem and for ten pounds I thought why not. The decor is pretty basic although that's to be expected with the low price offer. None of the  dishes were labelled, a pretty basic shortcoming for a buffet style restaurant. Indeed the first one I've ever been to that you have to make educated guesses on what you're actually eating. Secondly the way they were kept, displayed and the lack of fresh replenishments was abysmal. I haven't seen less desirable food in quite some time. After two plates of what I could safely assume was chicken in different and equally horrible guises I'd had my fill although I was in no way full. Yes it's ten pounds and it's budget buffet what's your problem I hear you say. I've been to tastier more bountiful buffets for a good four pounds less. I'd rather spend a little bit more cash and go to mother India's cafe or go to flip and have plenty of change in my pocket.
5	This place is great. Super cheap and a TON of food. The quality is much better than it should be for how much you pay. If you are a hungry traveler who likes Indian food, this is your place. The menu is limited, but the amount of food and tastiness makes this a 5 star. Note: this is not the ritz, don't expect a lavish meal. Just plain, simple , quick, and good.
3	Good food, reasonable price.I stopped in The Mosque Kitchen for a late lunch and I am glad I did. There are a lot of options to choose from, but I decided to go with the curried chicken, chickpeas, and rice. The portion size was big considering the price of the meal. It all appeared to be fresh and it wasn't too salty or spicy either. They got it just right. The staff was fine. Nothing to write home about. The gentleman who took my order had no problem telling me what was what as I made my selections. The cashier did look a little annoyed that I took a few seconds to find my wallet in my bag to pay (there wasn't anyone behind me). But the place was clean and there was a girl who was wiping tables town the entire time I was there. Overall, I was pleased with everything. The food was good, relatively cheap, and the service was fine as well. I would definitely come back and try some other items in the future. Their location is central as well, and they are easy to find.
5	Still not bad, second time here in so many years, and I thought it might end in tears. The lamb curry is still hot well worth the wait, might not be a good place for a date. If you have time before a show go to the Mosque Kitchen and give it a go. Yum
