3	The food and atmosphere is great.  Ordered the ceasar wrap with rice and chicken. It was delicious. The service was horrible.  They answered the phone and apparently took catering or food orders while the noon lunch crowd just piled up in the line.  I had my order taken and I sat, waited for my tray to come up...brought it to my table and sat waiting for them to take my friends order (who was right behind me) so she could join me.  If I had not waited, I would have been done with the entire meal by the time she had her food.  Two registers open and no one handled the line.
4	The service was a little inattentive, and the place was pretty busy...however, I love smoothies and exciting sandwiches, so I forgive them for being a bit slow. It's a cute restaurant with a solid, interesting menu if you don't have to hurry. I don't recommend it for lunches when you're working, as you might run over. I like the Veganini. Who can turn down goat cheese? I also enjoy the Blueberry Cozumel smoothie. The smoothies are awesome here, but the blueberry is the best.
3	Camille's seemed like an OK place to go for lunch. The menu had a lot of options - sandwiches, paninis, wraps, salads and flatbread pizzas. I tried the pepperoni pizza, which was pretty good for a non-pizza place. My boyfriend wasn't too impressed with his roast beef panini. The atmosphere is cute, although we walked in through the street entrance (which is kind of the back door because the main entrance faces the parking lot in the back) and couldn't really figure out which line to wait in, etc. After we ordered, we weren't sure whether they'd call out numbers or bring us our food. Seems like they just need to improve communication a bit.
3	Had the spicy chieck wrap that the other gal reccomended and and a raspberry smoothie.  I was good but on the small side wish there was just a little more.  came with chips and salsa but again they were a little skimpy on that.  After I ordered I had sandwitch envy on the guy sitting next to me who had a BLT stuffed w Bacon.  Also this place in on Resturant.com so getting a 1/2 price discount made it taste a little better!
3	We stopped by on a Sunday afternoon with a Restaurant.com certificate in hand. The menu is extensive and can easily become overwhelming.We ordered a quiet a few items: tuna salad, veggie wrap, a blueberry smoothie, carrot cake, and a decaf coffee. The best thing about what we ordered was the cake. Sweet and delicious. The rest was average and the coffee,even though made fresh, tasted like the coffee maker had not been cleaned. Nice location, ample parking, and seating outdoors. It's fine for a deli and for a quick bite.
4	I always order the quesadilla wrap. Delicious! Their chocolate chip cookies are great too.
4	Camille's is one of my favorite quick stops for lunch.  Extensive menu with lots of healthy options, however, I can't help but order the same thing every time!  Apple-Walnut Tuna Sandwich on Whole Wheat Bread:  freshly made apple-walnut tuna, Swiss, lettuce, tomatoes, sunflower seeds, sprouts, mayo.  I'm also a fan of their flavored tea.  YUM!!  Sometimes you just can't teach an old dog new tricks.....
1	I went to this establishment on November 20th, 2012.  I walk in and nobody is standing at the cash register to greet me and ask me for my order.  I had to ask the lady to get somebody to take my order. After I gave my order I waited for 5 minutes and nobody started making my wrap.  Then when I got my wrap it was freezing cold (spicy chick wrap).  It was absolutely disgusting.  And it was close to $8.  Do not go here.  Bad service/Bad food.  Also, the boy making my wrap would not stop staring and laughing at me.  How awkward and unprofessional.
4	I have been here twice so far pretty good - sandwich wise. I tend to try to beat the rush for lunch time so I generally go at non-peak hours. I tried the Ham and Swiss as well as the Turkey Club. The Ham and Swiss was so-so but I loved the Turkey Club. The Club was huge.. I gave the other half to a friend who forgot her lunch .  They give you chips and salsa.. I'm not a fan of the chips or the salsa but the sandwiches are usually big enough to fill me up.  To me it's kinda hidden, I always miss the turn off of third street so I have make the next right and then go into the parking lot from there. The space is kinda small and not much parking but overall a nice lunch spot.
3	Although there is a variety of items, which I have tried multiple, including the chicken wrap, pizza, soups, etc. nothing has been memorable. The service is very slow and he staff is not great. Overall, it's ok, not sure I would return.
1	Stopped in on my way to work. No one was out front and the place was a ghost town (customers and employees). Ordered a "grilled" wrap from the person who finally came out of the back. The wrap was MICROWAVED for 3+ minutes then put on panini grill for about 30 seconds. The whole thing lacked flavor and texture (soggy and mushy). The green apples in description were cheap red delicious (not so delicious) and there was 1 slice of ham. I was not impressed and will not be back. Very much like cafeteria/hospital food.
2	Sloooooow food prep and less than great food.  There are tons of choices, so maybe I chose poorly on my visit.  I had to wait an incredibly long time for my sandwich, though, and had trouble communicating with the staff.  The sweet tea and the unsweet tea tasted exactly the same- unsweet.  The staff wasn't able to understand that, though.  They did smile a lot and say thank you, however.After my "meh" lunch I went back to the counter for a cookie.  That was really good.  The place wasn't busy when I arrived, but was hopping by the time I left.  Everyone else was waiting a long time, too.  Hopefully it was just an off day.
2	So, it had been a while since I had been, and remembered it being okay, so I thought I'd drive over and give it a hot. I ordered the tomato soup & turkey deluxe. The service, again, was very slow! The staff seemed pretty involved in their own conversations rather than working. So, I got home and my turkey deluxe, which should have been turkey, Swiss, lettuce, tomato & bacon...no bacon, ugh! In addition there was one piece of turkey. I will say the chips & salsa, I guess the automatic side, were good. Definitely disappointed with my return visit :-(.
3	Very extensive menu which was a little overwhelming at first to make a decision. I ordered the Banghok Thai Wrap which was ok. Sauce was a sweeter than I expected. Service was friendly and it was not a long wait for our food. Has it's own parking which was nice. Outdoor seating on both sides of restaurant but one side is by the traffic on Providence which was a bit noisy. Would consider coming back for a quick sandwich on the go.
4	First time here...I had the chicken basil pesto.  Very tasty but portion size could have been a bit larger. I sat outside and enjoyed the gorgeous weather. The menu selection seemed huge so I'm sure there are many other things to try (sandwiches, paninni, wraps, salads, etc).  The soups also looked good.  I came around 1pm and the service was relatively fast.  I'll give this place another try for sure!
