5	A new microbrewery in Montreal... one would be tempted to say what's new ? well everything. First thing to be reviewed in a brewery is the beer. The General Manager of this business has a long experience in brewing and it shows. These beers are just as good or better than what you would get at Brasseurs de Montreal, L'Amere A Boire and other good locations for beer. They have a decent choice. I tried many and they are all delicious in their own style. They also import rare beers. In short it is clear that the owners have a passion for excellent beer and deep knowledge. The staff is knowledgeable too and able to comment and make valid suggestions.Then comes the location. It is located in my favorite area of Old Montreal. Not right in the middle of the tourist traps, just a little bit west, where the real Montrealer has its quarters. The building belongs to the religious community of Les Soeurs Grises or used to (that remains to be clarified) and has been renovated with simplicity, sobriety and taste. You really feel comfortable to stay a long time there.Where the real surprise was, which prompted me to give 5 stars, was the quality of the food. They have a tapas menu and a bistro food menu, but none of them are standard fare. They all have their special twist. I had a grill cheese complete with Charlevoix cheese, chorizo and fig jam... it was pure pleasure. I love sandwiches but I never thought I could love them so much ! my friend had a BLT which he enjoyed thoroughly too. Next time I'm definitely going for the hot dog !I think this place is definitely going to become my spot for the months to come and I strongly suggest people to try it.
3	Arriving midnight after Igloofest this lower McGill street bistro wasn't packed and wasn't screeching with bumpcha bumpcha so we ducked in and sat on the couch against the wall and ordered giant mugs of stout, nuts, olives and homemade spicy beef jerky. The service was perfect; always there when you wanted it but discreetly disappeared when you were deep into a conversation, and even when we lost track of time and talked till 3pm we were never given the slightest hint of rush. The stout was delicious and giant mugs are both economical and swashbuckling, and the long list of beer imports certainly had me curious to come back for more. The snacks were fine, and gladly received given that the kitchen was already closed. The decor rubbed me the wrong way. Though the lighting is sexy and dim and attractive and the space holds all kinds of potential there is this forced "modernness" that is actually very 90's dated, cold and uncomfortable. Why all these hard chairs, and stiff couches with half backs where you hit your head if you lean back? Why with the window treatment of cold angled slabs, why so much metal and white? I'd love to see more stone, wood, a fireplace, a connection to the actual space and history all around in Old Montreal and even right there in the name. Huge potential here and I'll come back, but my quest for the perfect cozy Old Montreal bar continues.
4	Dined here looking for a casual night out. Their specialty is artisanal beer coupled with anything smoked. I ordered smoked trout ($14) and a sauerkraut side ($4). Duck drumsticks w coke+cream dipping sauce to start ($8) and a brownie to finish ($6). Everything tasted good, the duck meat was tender and fell straight off the bone. Good beer selection too. The atmosphere was nice, however the table next to us was very loud and spoiled the ambience a bit. Too bad, but we'll be back!
3	Went there last friday evening before the fireworks at the Old Port. Place was busy... busy with loud (and drunk) men... The beers were good though not exceptionnal (tried the stout and the blonde). The food was good but you have to like smokey. We had the pork sandwich and the ribs. Plates were very small for the price and we left still hungry!
4	Two glasses of wine (30 dollars) on a windy sidewalk as the sun was setting. The service was friendly.
4	Well done! Brief beer menu, but what was available was phenomenal. Service a bit slow, but it being Canada day I'd give them the benefit of a doubt they were somewhat understaffed. Will be back to sample a more unique menu!
4	Nice place.. the decor is a little odd (metal, glass, plastic), but  the ambiance was low-key. The two beers I had were excellent -  'Ninja IPA' +' I'm Batman' Imperial Stout.
5	Great microbrewery! Walking through Old Monteal, we stumbled upon this place and decided to try it out. Really cool vibe - modern, clean look. Excellent beer on tap and great food. We loved the tapas - cool variety of unique options. We were really impressed with the service, as they made great recommendations for food and drinks.
