3	We went for lunch and this place was packed with Asian patrons, good sign. We had to sit at the bar for lunch which was fun because I coulld see everything being prepared. I noticed though that there was raw and cooked meat just sitting around on the counter, not good. We went ahead and ordered a cold cucumber salad as well as curry chicken and Singapore Noodles.. it was alright, Ive had much better for far less money elsewhere. Not one of those places that you can crave though I did like the inside space.. very comfortable.I think if you can you would do better going to a place over in China Town.
3	went here on august   eighth  2008  get it ? 8-8-o8to bring me luck ! had the cashew chicken   it was fairly good i did also see a table full of partrons get bounced  from the table they were sitting at  for a group that came just befor them  and waited  a long time ....  what is it with  888 and people sitting at tables &amp;gt;?i had a four seat table all to myself .... i cannot complain
1	Overpriced and hardly authentic, 888 Noodle Bar is a ghastly crap hole of a restaurant in the overly touristy Benihana village of the Las Vegas Hilton.  There are too many things wrong with this place but it all starts with the service.  Shocking for a place so small that they take "reservations" and may give customers a hard time about wanting to sit down.  While some Asians may frequent this place, its only because the property is too far off the strip for them to go anywhere more decent.  I was convinced to ask a "regular" who says he only ate there because he hated all of the other restaurants and the casino comps his meals here.  He says its hard to mess up a $10 bowl of Pho, which I think they still managed to screw up.The nearly $20 Seafood Udon noodles I had were so bland I had to ask them to change it out twice before giving up on it entirely.  $8 for a side of Gyoza (6 pieces)?  Forget about it.  When the Hilton undergoes its big renovation that its got planned for next year, they need to eliminate this disgrace of a restaurant with it.
2	Came here today because it was the quickest way to lunch from the Hilton Grand.  It was ok.  I got the house fried rice and it was very good and a large portion for  $11.  The fried rice had pork, beef, and actually well done squid.  The single worst experience here was the service, terrible!  it took forever to get even a menu let alone water or tea.  Definitely not going here again...
1	This restaurant is closed down.   Even though the in room hotel guide at the Hilton still lists it.  (Of course it also lists Quarks which was part of The Star Trek Experience that closed years ago)
4	My experience was much more positive then the other reviews.Food was really good and service was great. No probs. This isn't Hilton anymore. Its renovated Las Vegas Hotel. So, maybe everything is updated including the restaurants. Its likely not 'the best' place in LV since there is such a growing Chinatown and great food all around.
3	Came here with the boyfriend's family because his mother suggested eating here. One of the better places of the Las Vegas Hotel (formerly known as Las Vegas Hilton).Location is a little bit difficult to find, but it is located where all the other Asian restaurants of LVH (Benihana and Teru Sushi) are and you just have to walk on back past the front desk of Benihana. (: The decor is mediocre. First off, the waitresses and waiters are super friendly. We had awesome service.The food... was a bit overpriced (but what restaurant near the strip isn't?). $6.95 for a single serving of Hot and Sour Soup, which was kind of bland. $8 or so dollars for 8 baby gyozas.... and the drinks (about $9 for cocktails) were tiny and filled mostly with ice. We also got some dishes like Black Pepper Chicken (huge cut portions of green bell peppers, onions, and chicken) which looked like it could have been just cooked at your own home, Special Roast Duck Noodle Soup (which I didn't try), and Szechwan Beef Noodle Soup (good beef and broth, but crunchy noodles that didn't seem to be cooked all the way.. All in all it was okay. Decent Chinese food if you're looking for something to eat. No wait when I came on a Sunday night.
4	If you are looking for a good duck noodle soup then look no further, noodle bar in the LVH nails this soup right on the noggin.   I was so impressed, which was refreshing after being horrified by the sushi bar in the LVH that was dreadful. The lemon pepper chicken was also very well seasoned as you can taste all the hot peppery delight in the dish.  However, there is a reason they do not place the mongolian beef on the menu and that is because it is done all wrong.  It is sweet and nothing to do with the sensational onion taste that usually accompanies a well-made mongolian beef dish.  However, if you are in the mood for a good house chow fun and noodle soup then this is the place to be.  The service was also superb as we were served with our drinks and food almost as promptly as we could get the order out.  I recommend going to noodle bar but I do not reccommend ever eating the mongolian beef.
4	Value in Vegas!!!  I am SHOCKED AND AMAZED!!!Lots of food for a small price, and it's actually good.  It's not authentic (as if), but for Vegas, on the strip, cheap, in a casino?!?!?!?! Atmo is nice as well... waterfalls, grand scale, dramatic lighting, kimono's, etc.Had the build-your-own-combo thing:Hot & Sour Soup that fed 3 of us,Beef and Broccoli with loads of both, plus rice,& Plum Wine Ice Cream (tasty!) that fed 3 as well.Friends ordered house fried rice (loads of meat n fish included, and curry noodle shrimp with loads of shrimp (neither could finish as too much food).Must say, likely the best value on the Vegas Strip!!!!
4	I was in town for work at CES and my coworkers and I ate here 2 times during the week for lunch but to our amazement and dissappointment, they weren't serving ANY noodles the first time was came!   Noodle bar...no noodles????!!!   We were told it was because of the large crowds from CES so they had a limited menu with no noodles on it.  The fried rice and other items from the very limited menu were all great but they lost a star from my rating because of that experience.  We did go back one more time after CES and finally got to try the noodles which were excellent.  I had the Thai Noodles and ate it all and left full and very satisfied.  My coworkers felt the same way.....excellent food once we actually got to try it.  Service was a bit rushed during the lunches but with the large crowds each day, it was understandable.  The server and host were very friendly and attentive.Reasonable prices here too.
3	This place was okay. It's not bomb nor is it bad. We were really hungry so we rushed into this place and tried a few dishes. They have kimchi as an appetizer.. They had the peppered beef noodle which was decent. If you want decent food and want an experience that will blow your mind, you don't want to eat inside of LVH.
4	Since I was staying at the LVH for work and near the Convention Center. This place will satisfied your asian craving. This place is kinda cool and has a unique atmosphere like an dark asian theme with waterfall, bridge, and koi swimining in a pond. (Bennihana and a sushi resaturant is there as well) Every hr a firecracker light shows goes off.Anyways the food was good, I ate here twice while I was there. I had the seafood/veg over rice and it was delicious. If I'm ever staying at the LVH - definitely be back
5	I had the best experience at the 888 Noodle in LVH! The food was delicious (I had the Szechuan Beef Noodle Soup and my husband had the Black Pepper Chicken - both dishes are highly recommended). We arrived at a nice low key moment when there weren't a lot of other customers (or noise) and we just had a great lunch! The sounds of the waterfall, the smell of the food cooking nearby along with the muted lighting made such a profoundly serene impact on me. At one point I caught myself just watching steam rice from a bowl of noodle soup - it was awesome. Definitely give this place a chance, we got a lot of bang out of our $40!
3	$16.75 for beef chow fun. $5.95 for chinese seaweed.. Geez... I was half expecting wagyu beef and gold flakes on my noodles. I have been to high end restaurants and seen high prices but I am not sure how they can justify these prices :P
3	we stayed at the LVH and needed a quick warm bowl of soup after being out in the dayclubs all day.. chinatown was too far away and woulda taken forever so we went to 888 noodle bar. it's located in the back of the sushi place so instead of putting your name down at the first host bar you see, walk down past the bridge.  i got the wonton noodle soup and requested my noodles be rice noodles.  They did it with no problem~  it tasted like chicken noodle soup with yummy bites of wonton in them and the noodles... my friend asked for some red wine vinegar for the noodles.... she taught me to put a lil in the spoon and dip my noodles in them before i ate them... it was soooo yummy that way! nom nom!
4	pretty good.  I had the porridge.
3	Seated promptly, friendly staff, good chicken curry.  Overall, not bad at all.
2	Inside the LVH hotel, where the BF and I decided to grab a bite to eat before the D word musical, it's location is nearby Benihana's and a couple of other restaurants overlooking a waterfall and pond, with a marquee display of fireworks (every hour?)Very romantic, however the food was lackluster in flavor. Service was top notch and it did get pretty busy as the night wore on.
4	Visited during EMS Expo; great service for a large group (9 total). Food was very tasty! Only high point in staying at the LVH !
3	I've only been here one time, and they DO honor the 25% off with Nevada ID and LVH players card. (At least, they did in January.)This restaurant is lovely...small and cosy, with kind of a romantic atmosphere.I received my very own cast iron teapot for my hot tea, which was awesome. The pot stickers were tasty.But what I LOVED was the Pacific Seafood Noodle Soup. Scallops, Sea Bass, and Shrimp in the most fragrant and delicate broth, with tender noodles...truth be told, if they ran out of the seafood pieces and only had the broth it had been in...I'd eat it.  It was a great experience.  I'd go back, for sure.  My only complaint was that it was kind of chilly in the dining area...but it WAS January, and I don't think I had a sweater with me.
4	I have always been trying to find the best lo mein in Vegas and I have found it! Their chicken lo mein is really good- done right. noodles are fresh, very tasty sauce. Have come back for the lo mein twice now :) my husband gets the Szechuan beef noodle soup and loves it. Pot stickers app is also great. We come back to LVH often for this restaurant. 25% off locals too!
2	Wanted to try this place since it had the shortest wait time... well now I know why.. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing, but the black pepper chicken didn't have much flavor at all.. I was very disappointed and will not be coming back.
2	When we first got to the restaurant, I was immediately awed by the beautiful surroundings. I loved the waterfall right in the middle of the collection of restaurants. The hostess sat us quickly, but warned us that the wait time for food would be a while (20 minutes or so). That was fine considering how we didn't wait for a seat. I ordered a Hong Kong Won Ton. The meal was okay, kind of reminded me of a won ton min but with that kind of noodles you find in Chinese dishes. I liked the broth, but not the best. I didn't appreciate the customer service. We ordered a Pad Thai for my dad, and requested it to not be spicy. I think I told our waitress at least 4 times asking for it mild. Later when my dad's dish came out, the waitress apologized for the long wait because they accidentally gave hours plate away to someone else. We then noticed the dish was really red. We asked again if this was considered mild, and two different waitresses briefly glanced and said yes. My dad tried it and it was very hot! We asked for our waitress who kind of argued with us about it. Eventually we had our plate remade and it was much better.
1	The restaurant is beautiful and my friends and I were immediately impressed. It's a shame the service was so horrible. For a party of 5 we were served our meal at 3 different times. First 1 persons order, 4 minutes later 2 more, and the last 2 got their food 15 minutes later. Drink orders were wrong. Food was cold. Generally all around awful experience. Would not recommend again.
4	This was the best thing about staying at the LVH!I stayed at The LVH for about a week leading up to, and over the 4th of July holiday of 2014.  The hotel experience was not up to par, but this restaurant turned out to be pretty good.I visited this noodle bar twice during my stay, and each time the food and service was great.  Portions were right on and prices were not as bad as I expected in Vegas.I ended up getting rice dishes each time I came, and I was not disappointed.  I also highly recommend the Sweet & Sour Soup.If I vacation in Vegas again, this place will probably be on my go-to list.
4	We went here before seeing Raiding the Rock Vault.  Good, solid noodle dishes at affordable prices, plus 25% off for locals with player's card.
1	One of the worst dining experiences I've ever had. Literally. We were just looking for a nice meal close to our convention center hotel and made a very poor choice. Once seated, we waited more than 10 minutes for water and then had to ask for the drink menu. After finally ordering, the drinks/food did come quickly. I ordered the pad Thai, which was so bad I couldn't eat more than two bites...and it is extremely rare for me to turn away food! My boyfriend tried it as well and wouldn't even go back for a second bite...he compared the noodles and sauce to spaghetti o's...!!  His house chow main was good, but cold. I would have ordered something else to replace my pad Thai, but the server never came back to check on us. Eventually we had to ask for the check, though the server did offer to remove the pad Thai charge before we needed to ask. Once the check came, it had an extra appetizer charge, which then took a long time to get someone's attention to remove it. And once the check was finally corrected, the manager than hovered next to until signed (with her hand on the back of one of the chairs at our table!)! Add to this the awful faux fireworks and drummer guy who spent half his time on the phone, and it was a very poor experience.
2	Perhaps I am spoiled by the asian food from San Gabriel Valley, but the quality and taste of the food here really was not that great. My friends and I ordered a few dishes to share, but they were just ok, and nothing that really stood out. The main server was not very helpful, and was rude to the other staff in front of us. Perhaps, it was just the night that we were there. If I'm in the area again, and feeling for chinese I could pop over here again. ENJOY!
5	I popped in for a quick and early supper.  The menu has basic noodle dish choices and the ingredients were fresh and delicious.   The service was excellent and attentive and the pricing was as expected $15-$20 per dish. I will definitely stop again while in town.
1	BEWARE! $22 dollars for a small, and I mean small bowl of noodle soup. Next time I'd rather risk my life and troll the neighborhood or get back in my rental car then eat here, not to mention it literally took 40 minutes for my soup. The waitress took my order after flagging her down and she never returned, seems like the cook brought the soup out to me. BEWARE!  YOU WERE WARNED!!!!
