1	We've been going to Dr. Tang for a few years now. Our family's experience has been hit or miss but overall we were satisfied. The past year however 2 of our family members needed medical attention. Something has definitely changed within her office. The staff seem short and brash. The nurse practitioners are argumentative and insensitive. After requesting to specifically see Dr. Tang, we further experienced poor and inattentive medical care. Her mind seemed to be somewhere else, many of our questions wer not being answered. She was impatient and at times testy with our answers. It got to the point where it was argumentative to where she realized what the medical condition was. At that point, prescribed medications were changed and a specialist was referred. Had we just gone along, we would have been sent home with taking the wrong medication and an illness worsening. This behavior and experience continued with subsequent visits. We are in the process of changing doctors, right in the middle of a long term medical treatment of an illness. I'm not sure why the sudden change in her personality but I suspect personal problems. This has trickled down through her staff to the person who answers the phone.
4	I love Dr Tang.. I have always had good experiences with the staff. I would definitely recommend her. She makes you feel comfortable, and you can talk to her about anything.
1	This is one of the most unprofessional, rude and misleading doctors offices that ive seen yet, they could care less about their patient relationships! Sheri from this office is a complete rude, mean, and miserable person who probably goes home miserable everyday and likes to make her patients feel her misery! They send you only to the doctors that they know give them Kick Backs for the referral, this is obviously how they stay in practice! They could care less if you work for the M resort or work on the street! They treat the M resort employees as if they're from the street! Just because you have HPN HMO they send you to a doctor that doesnt even take that insurance so then you can run around finding another doctor and then to get a referral they are mad because Sheri has to get off of her fat lazy butt and write another one! What a joke this doctors office and staff is I would never recommend them to anyone EVER!!!! RUN FAR AWAY!!!! I would give no STARS if it was possible!
5	Have been seeing Dr Tang for over 8 years and I have always been more than pleased with the quality of care that her and her staff have consistently provided.
1	Dr. Tang is an average doctor in Las Vegas that would have had originally kept a three star rating but because of her ignorant nurse Tracy who declassifies patient information to her buffet buddies, which is illegal, goes against regulations, amongst other principles, it becomes too obvious that people are treated like numbers, while their medical insurances and precious times, are wasted. Going to this M resort office, which doesn't open on time, because the staff is busy finishing up their money's worth in one of several buffets inside the hotel, will leave you hanging dry, and burning up the rest of your day. My coworkers and I have yet to find medical practitioners here in Las Vegas, that aren't plagued by nurses like Tracy who has almost no people skills and even lesser work ethics. I was fortunate enough to file a complaint with my insurance company and discontinue any future appointments. Stay fit, eat healthy, and stay as long as you can away from these type of moneygrubbing pillbox fillers.
5	Dr. Tang is without a doubt an exceptionally gifted physician.  Our immediate and extended families have been her patients for many years. She possesses a truly amazing mind with an uncanny attention for detail. She truly cares deeply about all of her patients. Although, she might not always tell you what you want to hear (or exactly how you want to hear it), she does tell you what you need to know. Dr. Tang's diagnosis's have consistently proven to be spot-on accurate.  She regularly performs training of medical students from the local Touro University Medical School and she also performs a great deal of volunteer work for local children with Down Syndrome.  Additionally, we have always found her staff members to be remarkably friendly and helpful (especially "Sheri").
5	I've tried a number of doctors here in Vegas and was referred to Dr. Tang by a family member. This woman is amazing. No, she's not Ms. Personality, but she is upfront and honest and caring. I'm a cash patient and the discounts she gives me are amazing. Every time I've been to see her she has taken care of my concerns completely. If you're looking for THE BEST all around doc in the valley, Dr. Tang is it.
