5	I too was at the work training with Ayesha (see very first review) and like her I wanted something different than the usual fast food places nearby.  I'm an incredibly picky person when it comes to authentic Mexican food.  Growing up in San Diego, I grew up with some of the best tasting food around.  When I moved here I was unimpressed over and over again with the places I kept trying around the west valley and even the east valley.  At one point, I even swore off trying any new Mexican style restaurant altogether.  No more gross, greasy, no flavor Mexican food for me!  The Sonoran style food here just doesn't jive with me and my taste for flavorful Baja style food.  Yep, that's right...there's a difference.  Baja style is tastier with a lot more flavor per bite.  I have found that Sonoran is more bland and greasier.I was pretty skeptical when we walked into Jalapenos (Tio Freddy's).  But then I picked up their menu and saw they had Carne Asada Fries...a San Diego favorite!  Forget everything else on the menu, that is what I ordered.  It was delicious!  Not only was the food flavorful but Tio Freddy and his wife were amazing.  Even though it is a place where you order at the counter, they brought me my food, offered me sauce from the sauce bar, and came by more than once to check on how I was enjoying my food!  It is a small place in a strip mall and I have never noticed it before, and I know others haven't.  If you want to try some great Mexican food at a really inexpensive price...try it out!
4	To think this place has been hiding around the corner from my shop for around 3 years.  I seldom go South and West from work but last week I was headed that way for lunch and spotted this place (Yelp has made me much better at seeing restaurants) and thought "strip mall Mexican, need to check this out".  The place is brightly colored and clean.  The owner was bustling taking orders and serving tables.  It is set up as counter service only but the owner brings out plates and salsas when he has time anyway.  Interesting to note that all the regulars bussed their own tables and took the plates back to the counter, so I did too.  There are only 6 tables in there, each having 4 seats.  There is enough floor space to reconfigure a couple to make a long one.  If you get there during a rush there can be a bit of a wait for food as they is only a small kitchen.The food was excellent.  I had carne asada fries and a fish taco.  I have not had many fish tacos but with Carrie's description of Baja style Mexican I figured it was a safe bet.  It was the best fish taco I have yet to have.  Lightly battered fish fillet on a soft corn tortilla with Pico de Gallo, lettuce and a bit of cilantro which I tasted before I saw or it would have been picked out.  The carne asada fries are a plate of fries covered over in marinated beef and then covered with guacamole, sour cream and shredded cheese.  I would describe the fries as fully cooked but not left in long enough to crisp up the outside, I would consider that limp as a stand alone fry but for this dish it works well.  I also had a medium orchata.  The food is served up without much seasoning, leaving the customer to modify it as he/she deems from the salsa bar.  I chose to leave my alone and was rewarded with food tastes that did not require hiding to make the meal.  There was no grease anywhere to be found.This is definitely a place to try if you are in the area and want something a bit different than a 'bertos.
