4	AWESOME first experience horseback riding! It's $55 for 1.5 hours and $65 for 2 hours. Definitely take the 2 hours to get the full experience. Since most of us are beginners, we didn't get to gallop through the dessert like I wanted to. I guess it would hurt too since cacti are all around. Remember to wear closed shoes (duh) because I didn't and I had to be uber careful that a cactus didn't go through my toe.Anyway, they don't really prep you too much which is good so they don't waste your time. They just let you know how to steer and control the horse. You ride in a line so that the horses know where to go. You roam through the dessert and the best part was going through the water. The horses were so obedient and trained that nothing went too off course. The horses will want to randomly eat, pee, or take a fat dump so you may randomly jolt to a stop!Besides going through water, the best parts were the uphills so the horse would gallop up!! That's when you finally get what you wanted, bouncing up and down on the wild beast with your butt flying up!! Great guides and beautiful place. Lots of horses. I was teamed with my buddy BJ. I miss BJ.Yeee-haww!
5	Looking for a night out Cowboy style? Well look no further than Fort McDowell Adventures. Went last night and we had so much fun. Somewhat far drive about 1 mile or so north of Shea on 87 Highway but worth it. If you are going to check it out it's somewhat hard to find. When on 87 go past the casinos and then your next left at a Cowboy sign make a left onto a dirt road. Take that for about 5 minutes till you get to a parking lot and you will be there. Drive slowly as its very dark out and good chance you will see some wildlife such as coyotes (if you don't see them you will hear them out there as we did - very cool).My daughters had a great time cooking up their own hot dogs over the fire pits and listening to live music. We even got a horse wagon ride and with the limited lights in the area the sky was lit up with the stars so much brighter than we have seen near our home. After we got back from our horse ride my daughters cooked up their s'mores which was a sticky gooey fun time for them (not as much for the parents cleaning them up though). All of us agreed that we are looking forward to that unique experience again.
3	This place is set up for big groups. You can tell they've been doing it for a while.  You get processed quickly and are on your trusty steed before long. The terrain is varied to make it interesting including going through a river. Be sure to wear long pants and close toed shoes. The views are gorgeous. The guides could have talked more. You don't get much training. I saw some newbies loose control of their horses and not be able to regain without a rescue from the guide. Don't know if it was the horse or rider. My wife had trouble with her horse who would lag behind trying to eat then gallop over scary terrain to catch up which terrified her.The horses looked like they had a lot of miles on them. Kind of hard to control from years of clueless riders. But all they do is follow each other. They act like horses that have known nothing but the butt of the horse in front of them. Don't be afraid to use some strength to control them.Overall a nice experience depending on what horse you get.
5	We went to the Adult Education event last night and had a fabulous time. The staff were friendly and super helpful and helped us make arrangements for the end of the evening when we knew we wouldn't be driving home. Unfortunately the nearby hotels were booked but we were able to take advantage of a DD service. The event was planned down to every detail, we just had so much fun. My favorite part of the event was taking a ride on the tequila bus! This was actually an educational/social experience and at the end we all earned our diplomas. I definitely want to go back again... After this hangover.
5	I went on the 90 minute trail ride.  I highly recommend it.  It was a nice ride thru the open area, small hills and water.  The horses are for all levels and sure footed trail horses.  We had small children riding up to us older people.  I had Big Red (horse).  Only ride Big Red if you have some experience.  He is quite large and a little bit of a bully.  We saw the Bald Eagles.  That was an amazing experience.  It appears they have some other activities.  There were also off road vehicles available.
5	Fort McDowell is set in beautiful surroundings with fun for all ages! I highly recommend coming out here for one of their many party or outdoor activities. It's located on a Native American reservation so the land is truly unspoiled and is beautiful every direction you look.  If you're looking to get away from "it" (the city) for a little bit or to have a little cowboy experience, this is the place to come!On Friday nights they have a family-friendly event for families to come and roast hot dogs & s'mores, watch movies outdoors, and just have fun out in nature. Once a month they have something called Adult Education, which is sooooo much fun! For $30 it's all you can drink, all you can eat, and you get to run around the desert. My fiance & I went to one and can't wait to go back for another. They have a Tequila Bus, a party bus in school bus-form, that they drive everyone out to the desert in all while doing shots and playing fun fiesta music. There is also a stationary Rum Bus with a sandy floor, delicious daiquiris and pina coladas, and fun island music. We had food catered by Bobby Q's and it was so delicious (and there were vegetarian options, too!).There are two wonderful buildings on the land for hosting parties and events, both with a very nice spanish hacienda feel to them. We were really close to having our wedding here, but ended up choosing someplace else because it's far from where we live. However if you live closer, this would be such a great wedding venue!Most of all, the people working here are genuinely nice & kind and want to make sure you're having a great time. It's a very welcoming place and I love it!
5	I did the Adult Education program which is basically 3 lesson and you graduate at the end. For $29 you get all the drinks you want. They also service you a full meal. The food was actually good. There was fire pits, music and tequila bus. The tequila was nasty but what do you really except. It was well worth the money. I also liked they prompted save driving. So either you could camp in your car, tent or get a DD tax driver. It was an awesome night and would recommend to others for fun drinking adventure.
5	I've been on 2 dessert horseback trail rides with Fort McDowell Adventures. I enjoyed both rides but the first one more than the second because the first time around the guides introduced us to the story of the tribal land and the lifestyle of the modern tribe members. I think it's great to educate people while they are actually riding tribal land. We passed through the river on both rides, it was great. Saw cows grassing, a coyote on a stroll and a bald eagle sitting by a gigantic nest.
5	I've attended several "Adult Educations" at Fort McDowell Adventures. This place knows how to throw a party. A crazy, amazing hang from the ceiling fans sorta party. The staff is genuinely thrilled to host an event, and do a great job of making guests feel welcome on a personal level. The grounds are gorgeous, and so are the event spaces, along with fun things like a RUM BUS and a TEQUILA BUS! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! I'm looking forward to taking a the Jeep tour, or something similar when things warm up a bit. Fort McDowell Adventures is truly one of the gems of The Valley of The Sun, and I always look forward to the next adventure!
5	Husband and I went here for horseback riding. They pair you with a horse according to your experience level. I was a beginner and got paired with Barkley. Barkley was extremely sweet. He pretty much knew exactly where to go, what to do, and made me feel at ease since it was my first time.  I was a little bit freaked out at first. (What if he just takes off?!?) My husband and I liked the trail, especially going through the Verde River. We didn't think they would take us through the river, but we did and loved it! It was around 75 degrees, the sun was hitting us, but the river made it much more cooling. Good for horses to take a little water break, too. We would definitely visit again! Oh and a little tip, to prevent extreme soreness, try doing lower body workout a couple weeks before horseback riding. I did not feel any soreness on my legs afterwards besides the seat part not being cushioned and being bounced around. We plan on wearing biker's bottoms next time.
4	Attended the Yelp Western Adventures function last night and was pleasantly surprised at the mini western set up that was Ft. McDowell Adventures.  Was a little bit of a drive for us coming from Ahwatukee, but I thought was well worth it.  The western themed decor was evident thought the complex and would be perfect for a wedding event or business retreat.  Only minor disappointment was that we visited here at night and therefore could not enjoy e views of  the surrounding landscape.  Would love to visit again during the day time.
5	OH MY GOSH we had an amazing time. This place was so cool. I wish I were getting married so I could have my wedding her. I am so planning a girls night to Adult Education.
5	We went for the event that Yelp hosted and it was SUCH a great time! I would have never known about this place had I not gone so Im very happy I did! There are several family friendly things to do in the perfect desert atmosphere. Cant wait to return!
5	I'm yet another person who got their first taste of Fort McDowell Adventures at the Yelp Western Adventures event. And now I'm dying to go back for one of their Adult Education nights.This place is gorgeous. The two main areas have a classic old west feel and there's just something really nice about the desert setting. While I can't comment on the rum bus (which I definitely need to hit up next time I head out there), I am truly, madly, deeply in love with the tequila bus. The only thing better than the idea of partying on a school bus driving around in the desert while drinking tequila is the actual experience.
5	I had an awesome time at the Yelp! party! I am excited for next year!!
5	What a nice place to hold an event ! My wife and I went for the Yelp Western Adventures party and had a absolute blast!The venue was large and could comfortably hold 250- 300 people in my opinion and has plenty to do for all types of people. The decor was nice with a western flare and the booked music did great for the whole night. There was plenty of seating and even some nice spots to tuck away from all of the crowds and enjoy the Arizona skyline / stars.I would come back for an adult education night to see what else they have to offer and would recommend this venue to large party weddings and those who want to get away from the city grind.
5	Are you an adult? do you like to have fun with other adults while learning something? well cowboy up to Fort McDowell Adventures for Adult Education!thanks to YELP, we took advantage of their buy one, get one free tickets to this monthly shindig. for 30 bucks, the wife and i met 2 other adult couples for a night of craziness!it started with setting up our tent on the outskirts of the grounds, facing the 4peak mountains. shortly thereafter, we were registering complete with nicknames provided by the event. they provided a BBQ buffet and even offered vegetarian meals for us weirdos. all drinks were included throughout the night, which as you know, can lead to some awfully bad head and belly aches later on. we were separated into teams of about 6 for our first lesson, a salsa making challenge. and our team won! yay! they picked random people not involved in Adult Education to be tasters, and a professional chef was the MC. next was a lesson in pumpkin seed spitting, followed by multiple rounds in the tequila bus!they let the tequila flow liberally, which is why you should sit in the bus, and avoid dancing lest you enjoy doing the worm on the bus floor! next lesson on to the rum bus area for limbo and beachy concoction drinking. it all culminates with a graduation ceremony, wherein everyone is praised for successfully being inebriated. what an awesome, awesome fun time! they are big proponents of not drinking and driving and have a service that will drive you and your car home for 50 bucks, or they offer discount room rates at the nearby Radisson, or you can camp for free! there is a live band playing all night, firepits everywhere to keep you cozy and toasty and for roasting smores if you want. they keep the food and drinks coming throughout the night and all is done around midnight. if you are looking for a cheap and extremely fun event and to meet some really nice partygoers, this is your event!
5	I went to Adult Education with my fiance and some friends. We had such a fun night.  Catered BBQ food was amazing and all drinks were included.  The alcohol was premium quality (Grey Goose, Makers Mark, Johnny Walker black).  The activities and entertainment were great.  How can you beat $29 all you can drink and eat with great quality, plus entertainment?  You cant!  We loved the Tequila bus, Rum bus, and salsa challenge.  Matt, the tequila bus driver, was great.  To top it all off, they have giveaway prizes...I ended up winning a $600 private party.  We will definitely do it again.  We stayed at the Fort McDowell casino, and they offer jeep shuttles to and from Fort McDowell Adventures.
5	We participated in one of their "Adult Education" nights last Friday. For $29pp (we were lucky enough to have a 2 for 1 coupon) you get dinner, endless drinks, live music, some type of team building activity (we had a salsa challenge) and trips on the tequila bus!! They offer alternatives to driving home and ask you during sign up how you are getting home, which is great. You can either stay in a local hotel, get a ride home in your own car for $50, or camp for free on the grounds! We opted to camp, and although there are no shower facilities the bathrooms are open all night.We arrived about an hour before the event to set up our tents, which I would recommend if you're going that route. What a fun, goofy night!
4	D.R.U.N.K.I am referring, of course, to the Adult Education on the last Friday of every month.It was ridiculous, and fun, and I met a lot of interesting people.It isn't the most amazing thing, but the amount of alcohol you can consume compared to how much you spend it ridiculously fantastic.I parked my car in their parking lot, and then slept in my car later that night... and they're totally cool with that.  They are really accommodating with not getting their patrons in it with DUIs, so that is rad.If you've never been, GO!
4	This venue looks like it woul be a great spot for a casul event during the fall winter or spring in AZ and it is all loutdoors or covered patio. Firepits, stages, saloons and activties are pepperd around this location. It is a bit far from the city, but this will give you a chace to have a drink and look at some stars.
4	It was Friday night and I went with my son, his boyfriend and some friends up to Fort McDowell Adventures for their Friday Night Franks, The boys have never been, so I was looking forward to taking them.We got their and ordered up our meal packages, we had brats & hot dogs, chips, soda, and good ole snores! The boys picked out a spot next to the fire and we began roasting our dogs, I have to say I am not very good at this, it seemed to me no matter were I moved the fire was set on trin to burn my face, but everything worked out.  We ate our dogs, and made our smores.Also during Friday Night Franks was Adult Education, hell yea I signed up for some schoolin! It was a fun time; I did try tequila that almost knocked me on my ass, after that shot I was done for the night hahaIt was a fun time for the family and very happy to have gone, look forward to going back when its opened for the season and def going to do another Adult Education, can never get too much schoolin haha.If you haven't been out to Fort McDowell Adventures, I suggest that you give it a try! It's a fun lil place with plenty to do.
5	The party was so fun and amazing that I want to give it TEN stars. I MUSTMUST give Lindsey and her Yelp team kudos and applause- this party was so bigand had soooo many Yelpers that if the logistics were not planned out perfectly, it could have been a real nightmare for the vendors and Yelpers alike. Instead, Lindsey and her team made running such an enormous event look easy and I kept overhearing what a great time everyone was having. It was so well planned out spacing out the vendors that the event did not even feelcrowded!!!!! Fort McDowell was extremely generous to sponsor the location, the buses, the Tequila and Rum buses. There were food, alcohol, and entertainment vendors galore. Once again, Wild Flower Bread Company came through with an excellent fitted t-shirtof good quality. I think they got their promo worth from me because I wear their t-shirts so often from this year and last year that people often ask if I work there. Lol. For a list of vendors, please read the other informative and often hilarious Yelp reviews. My review is all about kudos to Lindsey and her team for organizing such aFABULOUS event for vendors and Yelpers alike. Thank you Lindsey and her Yelp team!
4	Thanks to Groupon we found this place.  We've been horseback riding here several times.  Here's why we're big fans of this place:+ It offers a nice variety of scenery....Sonoran desert & the river.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fort-mcdowell-adventures-fort-mcdowell?select=DunzrM3nBLR2oDtAl-Mm7Q#DunzrM3nBLR2oDtAl-Mm7Qhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fort-mcdowell-adventures-fort-mcdowell?select=svroaQz3sprtFo_MAknn8g#svroaQz3sprtFo_MAknn8ghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fort-mcdowell-adventures-fort-mcdowell?select=LjPxuZTVu6n3nvxxrq19yg#LjPxuZTVu6n3nvxxrq19yg+ You cross the river at least twice on your horse.  This is fun!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fort-mcdowell-adventures-fort-mcdowell?select=eyWGbTACzclHQ4cYxbo_YQ#eyWGbTACzclHQ4cYxbo_YQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fort-mcdowell-adventures-fort-mcdowell?select=zd8_q00PDs1XvTRC6cGdGA#zd8_q00PDs1XvTRC6cGdGA+ Horses are well kept and behave.+ Speaking of horses....there's a herd of Wild Mustangs and there's a good chance you'll see them.  We've seen them every time we've rode.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fort-mcdowell-adventures-fort-mcdowell?select=Ibxb1oaR7v90R3HjbCMNCg#Ibxb1oaR7v90R3HjbCMNCg+ There's a Bald Eagle's next on the trail....we've seen it twice.  Once with little chicks in the nest....very cool!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fort-mcdowell-adventures-fort-mcdowell?select=SBtivrpQUOmV1kI2XU9nyw#SBtivrpQUOmV1kI2XU9nywhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fort-mcdowell-adventures-fort-mcdowell?select=N02pCPZPXzvMMqsllYvi8Q#N02pCPZPXzvMMqsllYvi8QTip - if you want to hear about the landscape and plants, try to be one of the 1st 2 horses behind the guide...otherwise, you won't hear him.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fort-mcdowell-adventures-fort-mcdowell?select=jCZxtzSr3h75hagOZR-fbw#jCZxtzSr3h75hagOZR-fbwThis is a great horseback riding experience for beginners and intermediate riders....advanced riders would probably get bored.  It's also a great way to experience the Sonoran Desert!Return Factor - 95%
5	A great riding experience. Our group included one experienced rider and two beginners and everyone did great. The owner and the cowboys knew their horses so well that they could match up their horses to the temperament of the people who would be riding them. The horses were well trained and easy to ride and you could tell that the ranch hands loved the horses. They treated them with great respect and kindness. Our cowboys had lots of great information and told us a lot of things about the area but then gave us a chance to have some quiet time to soak in the beautiful scenery. We even got to see some wild horses enjoying themselves in the river. We couldn't have asked for a better time, nicer cowboys or a more pleasant experience. Thanks.
4	Looking for something different to do? Friday Night Fanks! You drive into the darkness of nowhere (the road is now paved) and BAM! you're in the Wild West cookin' your own dog and makin' s'mores over the open flames while being entertained with live music, cornhole and wagon rides under the stars! My only reason for deducting a star is because they're gas fire pits and I really would prefer a wood fire, but I totally get what a challenge that would be to manage!
4	Had a groupon for a hour and a half ride. Was a lot of fun. Friendly dogs greater us as we got out of the truck. They were helpful with getting on and off the horse. The horses were well trained. I think my boyfriends horse just wasn't in the mood and took her sweet time. Lol. Crossed the river twice, that was cool! Just an overall great experience. Gave 4 stars cause our guide got upset with me and my bf cause our horses wanted to eat and not fully cooperate with the group. Had to stop and help us a few times. Sorry! We don't know how to control a horse. Lol!
5	best ride in the state gorgeous scenery, nice people, nice horsesa must for everyone who lives here and anyone visitingwe saw 3 salt river wild horses
4	Went here with a livingsocial coupon for horseback riding on Valentine's Day. It was a really fun time and my husband, who's never ridden a horse before, had an awesome time.I do wish there had been a little more option for variety of experience - maybe "if you've ridden before and would like to trot, come this way" kind of thing I've experienced on other trail rides. I know this would mean additional waivers and probably additional cost, but I would sign pretty much anything if it meant getting to do something other than walk.Super fun time, GORGEOUS ride and definitely awesome horses and guides. Just know that this is just a walk. However, I would totally go back (again and again).
5	We had a good ride with some very nice people.  Well worth the drive.
2	My sister and her family visited us recently from Connecticut. Her kids are really into horseback riding, and it was blizzard conditions at their house, so they wanted to take advantage of our nice weather to get on some horses. She found a Groupon for this place and purchased them for the whole family. Now, she lived in Arizona until she was thirty, so I'm surprised she wanted to do a western trail ride. It seemed a little gimmicky. I was expecting the owners and trail guides to be hamming it up for the tourists, calling us greenhorns and such.When we got there we had to fill out the insurance waivers, and everything seemed really disorganized. We had indicated that we were all going to wear helmets on the ride (I'd rather look stupid than have some dumb horse put me in a wheelchair) and they seemed irritated that we were trying to find helmets that actually fit, especially for the kids. The helmets were all stored on shelves inside and were dusty as heck. I got the idea that they just threw them up there after the previous trail ride without doing anything to sanitize them. Luckily, my head hasn't been itchy, so no lice. They could have an air compressor and some Lysol, at least, to blow the dust off and disinfect them.When we got out to the stables, they gave us a curt speech about safety and following the trail guide. They told us to always follow the horse in front of us, too, and never stray off the path. They then assigned us horses, based on our riding skills (indicated on the waiver). There was an older gentleman that seemed like he actually might have cared about the customers, but the younger guys definitely didn't. I was told to go to a horse toward the end of the stable. When I got there he was tied up, so I proceeded to climb on. One of the employees yelled at me to stop and came over with the stairs. Fair enough...they want people to be safe, I guess. There's no reason to yell, though. When I was getting on the horse he told me I smelled like sunscreen. I told him I didn't want skin cancer, and we were going to be baking in the sun for 1.5 hours, so yes, I did smell like sunscreen. He mockingly laughed and told me that he hasn't worn sunscreen since he was a teenager. Wow! That's impressive! You must be immune to ultraviolet rays. Well, if that chew in your lip doesn't give you cancer, you can rely on the sun as a back-up plan!When we finally got on the trail, the demeanor of the guides didn't get any better. I had a stubborn horse that was always trying to nibble on grass and weeds. They constantly yelled at me to get him moving so I wasn't holding up the line. Luckily my daughter's horse was obedient and didn't cause problems. I don't think I could handle them yelling at her.The ride itself was half-nice. I say this because it was hot and dusty for half of it, and somewhat shady and cool for the other half. The ride starts at the stable and progresses across flat scrubland for about ten minutes. You end up on a bluff overlooking the river, then go down a gully to get to the water. There were probably many good photo opportunities, but we weren't allowed to stop and take advantage, lest we get yelled at. Most of my pictures are of the backs of the riders in front of me. Those will look great on the Apple TV slideshow, for sure! We rode across the river a few times, saw some wild mustangs and looked for eagles. They said that the area is a protected eagle breeding ground, but unfortunately we didn't see any. My sister saw a good photo op when we were in the middle of the river, scooted her horse about three feet to the side and slowed it down. Of course, she was yelled at.We were hoping to have the guides give us some history of the area, maybe some info about the flora and fauna. Anything to make it an interesting ride. Our guide said one thing during the ride, and I don't even remember what it was, so it must have been really awe-inspiring and important.Oh, I almost forgot about one of the worst things! About halfway through the ride we were getting parched and asked about the water situation. The deal that we bought said that water was included. It may have been our fault for not asking about it at the beginning, but we were preoccupied with all of the insurance and helmet stuff. Anyway, the guide told us that the water was in a cooler by the stables. We told him that nobody informed us where the cooler was, or that we would need to grab a bottle before we left. We figured that they would have some in a saddle bag or at a stop on the trail. He said, "well, you should have grabbed a bottle before you left the stables." Thanks, genius!When we finally got back to the stables, the water bottles were there, as promised. They were sitting outside in an ice-free cooler, baking in the sun. Ahhhh! Nice, hot water to quench the thirst!Thanks for the experience, Fort Mcdowell Adventures! I won't be back!
5	Did the hour and a half ride with my husband and his parents and had a great time. They hadn't been on horses in years so they were thrilled. Hayden was our guide and he was really funny (he saw me coming from a mile a way and quickly realized I was an easy target, I didn't mind because I tend to think everything is funny and happen to be a bit of a smart aleck myself so bring it on ).  He told us all about the landscape and the local trees/plants.  We had a groupon so  it was a nice, cheap experience. We even saw wild horses!Then my husband decided to take a group of people from all over the world there for a business outing (something fun they would never do otherwise). They had a great time. They came to our house later for dinner and they couldn't stop talking about how they got to be real cowboys for the day. I don't know who the guide was that day but he liked him also. They provide bottles of ice cold water that you put into little bags hanging off the saddle for the trip. This is really nice because it sure gets hot here! Hayden invited us out to try a four hour ride. Not sure if my rear could handle four hours but hey, always up for an adventure!
5	Absolutely awesome horseback ride! Beautiful views great tour guide Jim and I can't not mention Rocky the tour dog. We took the last ride of the day and it was gorgeous. Went through water, saw the sun starting to set and just had a fantastic time. Oh and the two bald eagles and wild horses we came across were just another added amazing bonus! We will be back!
5	I have gone on horse back from PebbleBeach, Ca, Griffith Park in Los Angeles to the beach ride on the coast of Massachusetts and the best ride of all was in my own back yard.  This was the most beautiful and memorable ride as we rode past an eagles nest, saw the wild horses to crossing the Verde River several times.  We could see the fountain going off in the town of Fountain Hills in the distance.  I have done this ride three times now and hope to have more guests come to visit to take them.
5	Went horseback riding with a group of 4. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. We got lost on our way to the stables; the staff delayed our reservations and allowed us to still ride the full time period. Our tour guide was amazing; very friendly and knowledgable about the area and the horses. We being first time horse riders had many questions and he talked to us without belittling us. Our tour was amazing we saw hieroglyphics, the Verde river, wild cattle and horses and some good ol cow chips. He took us on top of a hill that over looked Fountain Hills and surrounding areas. Great to see the desert at its best. The horses were very well mannered and friendly. My horse Clifford was, as described, goofy but very intelligent. I would highly recommend visiting Fort McDowell Adventures for a great time with friends and family. I look forward to going back when I visit Arizona again!
4	We went horse back riding as part of my birthday gift -- something I have wanted to do  with the family for close to three decades!  We were a large group and were there on Christmas eve around 11:30 am.  The owner and trail guides (Keaton and Bryce) were fabulous and made it a very memorable experience !  They were courteous right from the beginning, got us saddled, and explained the rules of the trail. My horse Dude was an excellent ride - very responsive and well mannered ! Weather was beautiful, sunny skies, not too warm, and the scenery of the Four Peaks mountains with the saguaros in the foreground was fantastic. We saw some wild horses along the way and crossed a little stream. Got a taste of the horses trotting as we went up and down slopes and mounds in the desert.  Took a lot of pictures and the whole family had a wonderful time...  beautiful way to spend Christmas eve :-)
