4	This is a fantastic new addition to the HT presence, and much better than the previous occupant of this space. All departments are present (save a Starbucks), including the salad bar, specialty cheese shop, and full service fresh foods market. The layout is still very "Lowes" but it's obvious that you are in a Harris Teeter.Very grateful to have one so close to my house, and one that has everything I look for.
2	I love shopping at HT! Stores are clean and the employees always helpful and friendly. We recently moved and don't have a HT anywhere near us but 4 stores equal distance from us. I started shopping at this location due to location but this past Friday was the last time. My husband and I were shopping at this location two weeks ago, where we came across boxes of frozen items on the last row, no one around, and ice cream melted. We went and found someone to let them know and they started putting away the items?? Really! On Friday, I went to the bathroom and as I was washing my hands, an employee walks out of a stall and straight out the door!  And finally I went to the deli to get lunch meat. I am not sure if the gentleman helping me was new as I had never seen him before. I asked a question about the special and he replied with " I will do this once because I don't want to argue with you!" Really asking a question is considered arguing? That was their 3rd strike! I will not still shop at HT but I will pick another location. I am not sure if they kept the employees from the lowe's food. If so this could be why the employees are not up to my HT shopping par.
4	Though I was a fan of the Lowes Foods that this store replaced, it is safe to say that I'm a much bigger fan of Harris Teeter. While there isn't much different, there are small differences that add up to make all the difference in the world.Most notably is the deli/bakery section. Here they have a number of samples and plenty of special, and this is what truly makes the HT. While just about any area of the store has high prices, and this is no exception, on any given day you can find something here on special, and there is a good chance that it has a coupon attached as well - a good possibility for this is in the bakery section.Another great area for purchases are buying chicken breasts at the deli counter. For whatever reason, if you buy the breasts that are already wrapped and packaged, they cost more than if you have someone do it for you, but that's fine, I'd rather have them fresh.Staff is generally friendly, but every once in a while (most frequently at the bakery) you have to find someone.
3	Already feel the Krogerzation at work after being away from Teeter's home turf for awhile. Tons of end caps and aisle displays make for a junky disjointed experience. Tells me they are relying on vendors to do most of the merchandising. What with Lowe's had been an expansive beer selection has been choked down by at least half. How many different packing options of Bud Light do you need to stock? Not huge deals but indicative of a downward slide that is underway, I think.
4	This is where I do most of my grocery shopping, with Aldi and Trader Joe's filling the gaps. I thought this location was fine enough (three stars) before HT remodeled it, but it is much better now. The store is clean, well-stocked (except after eVIC deals, etc.), and the employees are friendly. I mainly come here out of convenience. The prices are hit or miss. Sometimes there are incredible deals, sometimes mediocre, and some items are horribly overpriced.With the remodeling came an expanded deli/pizza area, flower/gift area, and one area that is still under construction. I'm hoping that the Publix that is under construction across the street will further force HT to have more competitive pricing and more extensive offerings for customers. The beer selection has slightly improved, but it is still lackluster as far as craft beers are concerned. Get on that, HT!
