5	Mazurka used to be a favorite among students even decades ago due to being the cheapest quality sit-down place in town.Mazurka is still a good competitor for that epitome today, as their set lunch and dinner menu combos spoil you for choice without spoiling your bank account.I prefer their set menus rather than their a-la-carte, particularly the meat combo. If perogies are your passion, Mazurka is your best find of the year.I don't feel vegetarians get as much choice (in the set menus) as the carnivores, and the vegetarian dishes seem to rely heavily on sour or fried fare which I like, but is not everyone's cup of tea.Prince Arthur street is full of tourist traps or rip-off Greek restaurants. Mazurka is a good oasis of common sense, good cooking and unpretentiousness. Their decor is lovely and makes you feel at home; the service is quick, efficient, extremely polite and very helpful.Try it.
3	Upon entering Mazurka I felt like I was transported to the home of a Polish "ciocia". As a pure bred Polak I was impressed with how "Polish" the food actually was. Usually, restaurants that claim to serve Polish or Ukrainian cuisine, serve Cheemo perogies right from the freezer and cabbage rolls that my dog wouldn't eat. This place had true home style cooking, home made perogies, fresh borscht, delicious potatoe patties, and huge portions of meats.There are very few choices for vegetarians, so I had very little to choose from but this doesn't surprise me or annoy me because traditional Polish cuisine uses a slew of meat products. Prices are okay and the service is decent. I would return.
5	I love my dining experience at Mazurka! This Polish double storey restaurant is located right in the Prince Arthur Plateaux which makes it easy to find. Mazurka has a clean and very comfortable atmosphere. They also have a nice patio during the warmer months. The Polish ladies working there are so kind and attentive.The menu at Mazurka has a good variety of dishes, except vegetarian dishes. The menu consisted of: appetizers, soups, plenty of meat dishes, perogies, seafood, desserts, cocktails and more.I tried their chicken liver appetizer, chicken kiev and also tried my hubby's schnitzel. The food was cooked to perfection and it was so delicious! The portions were satisfying and entrees come with the option of salad or tomato/chicken noodle soup. I had the tomato soup and it was the best I ever had! The chicken liver appetizer came with a basket of bread and the liver itself was great and spiced nicely. The chicken kiev was breaded- crispy on the outside and the meat was so tender and yummy. The mash potatoes were creamy, and the steamed vegetables were really good too, even though they were just vegetables. I hate carrots and found myself savouring each one on my plate. In Mazurka, I really felt like I was in an ethnic household where my aunties were cooking and spoiling me with delicious home cooked meals. I can't say that the food was authentic because I never had Polish food before this experience. However, I really did feel like I was in an authentic Polish restaurant.Overall, Mazurka is a clean and comfortable restaurant with great Polish food offered by homely sweet Polish ladies. I highly recommend this place!
4	Great, authentic Polish cuisine. The cabbage soup was a bit salty, but the mushroom and onion pierogies were amazing. The boyfriend ordered the goulash, which came with 2 mounds of mashed potatoes (I was totally expecting dumplings, but maybe the potatoes are a Polish thing?), which he thoroughly enjoyed. Service was good, prices reasonable, awesome location. Definitely going again!
5	Loved the food and service!!  Apparently this place has been there for 50 years, although it moved from a nearby location during that time.  We left some pictures of our food here on yelp.
5	It was delicious and filling. And the Polish lady wouldn't let my friend and I leave until we'd finished eating. ;P
1	I always get sick from their pierogies. Worst Polish food I've ever had. I grew up eating Polish food and have been to Poland several times, so I know what I'm talking about.
4	Being from the NY/NJ area where Polish food is aplenty, I must say it's not easy to find good Polish food in Montreal....but this place hit the spot. Don't come here for the "ambiance" or decor, cause you'll be disappointed but the service was friendly, the food was good, and the prices were affordable. I had the mixed plate, which had 2 meat pierogies--I asked for both to be meat, but they normally give you cheese, bigos, sausage, potato pancake with sour cream, and cabbage roll, along with a beer to wash it all down. Overall, it was a good experience. A definite do for that Polish food fix!
5	I had an excellent experience at this family owned restaurant located in a cute area of Montreal, Quebec. I ordered the Pierogi - dumplings filled with cheese, mushrooms, onions, and cabbage. They were delicious. I also had the Cheese Blintz and Borshct, both of which were the best I have ever had. The service was excellent, but Mazurka is a place to go for the incredible food.
1	Awful. Lamb chops were ordered medium rare but came out raw and still freezing cold in the middle. The staff didn't seem to care, just taking the plate back and apparently microwaving them. But they came out raw again. $21 for three grisly small chops. Another person ordered meat perogies but got cheese instead. The waitress actually argued that this is what was ordered and didn't offer to make it right. The whole experience was simply terrible.
4	Sadly they have closed....
5	We mourn the passing of Mazurka, the "For Rent" sign staring mercilessly from the once-so-familiar window. The Great Recession claimed another victim.
