5	Let me start by saying I am a big fan of Dr. Ho. He is such a caring and honest dentist that doesn't  cut corners. He usually recommend just what the patient needs which is what we like about him. He is our family dentist since 2008 and will continue to do. He has his own practice in Southern Highlands which is great and well deserved as he is such a great dentist and gives such great service. Highly recommended!
5	Best dentist in Las Vegas. I've had two root canals done by Dr. Ho and everything went smoothly. I don't have insurance so his staff let me pay it out. Super friendly and very caring. I would recommend to anyone and I wouldn't go anywhere else.
5	The office setting is great.  There is an efficient and friendly staff.  Dr. Ho is very good.  I think the prices are very reasonable.  I would highly recommend this practice.
5	My whole family goes to this dentist!! My his and kids went first and then once I saw how great everyone was I decided I would go to!! Lol ( I am not a fan of dentist at all) Everyone in this office is beyond sweet & caring. They make you feel at home & comfortable which for me personally is really hard to do at a dentist. I NEVER have to wait long and it's always pretty easy to get an appointment. My daughters who are 7 & 9 love going here & look forward to their 6 month check ups. I highly recommend them.
5	My oldest daughter had her second jaw surgery recently not from this office I may add, and was in a lot of pain. She has been in braces for 7 years and she isnt even close to being done.  We made a appointment and they got us in that same day, no waiting in the waiting room and Dr. Ho was caring and gave her the treatment she needed. The front desk girls were very sweet as well.
5	Oh my goodness!! The entire staff is super friendly and helpful!! Dr. Ho is a real sweetie! I knew I had to have extensive work done and he was so kind in explaining my options!!  I just moved to Las Vegas ... I love my job, I love my church and now I have an awesome dentist!!  I'm never leaving!!
5	I can honestly say I've never been to a better dentist than Dr. Ho.  The wait time is always reasonable with a very friendly and professional staff to greet you upon check-in.  I've gotten two crowns from Dr. Ho, and I feel that he was very time-efficient and did an excellent job both times.  With Dr. Ho, I have never felt that Dr. Ho and/or the office staff were trying to upsell or recommend unnecessary work.  The prices are very in line with the market, from what I can tell.  I can't give a higher recommendation to Dr. Ho.
5	I have lived in Las Vegas for most of my life and I have been to several dentists across the valley. By far, this is the best office I have ever been to. Dr Ho and his staff are amazing. From the welcoming beautiful smiles of the girls up front to the positive attitudes of the support staff and of course the always helpful and always personable Dr Ho. I will never go to any other dentist as long as this office is around. I don't usually write reviews but the excellent service I received compelled me to write this.  If you are looking for a great dentist and great customer service then you need to visit Dr Ho!
5	Just had my first appointment with Dr. Ho, him and his staff are super friendly and all around awesome! Cleaning was super easy, painless and I got to watch NFL Network the whole time. Happy to have found a great dentist in my new home town.
5	Great dentist experience! Everyone on staff was super friendly, could watch tv while getting work done and the X-rays and cleaning were super speedy. Would recommend!
