1	I booked a reservation to rent a car from Sixt over the phone.  When I arrived at the airport I did not see a shuttle stop for Sixt so I called them and asked where to find the shuttle.The lady on the phone asked for my name and reservation number, but apparently I wasn't in their system... and they were out of cars...How incompetent do you have to be if your only job is to make reservations and hand people keys and you can't do that right?When you walk into a Car Rental agency at night with no reservations and no ride, they don't usually give you the best rates.  My original reservation with Sixt was for 2 nights, $92.  I ended up paying $253.  The only cars left at Avis and Advantage were mini-vans, a Mini Cooper ($$$) and a Camaro, so I got the Camaro.So Sixt cost me an additional $150+ and wasted about 2 hours of my time WALKING from car rental lot to lot trying to find a car.  What's really scary is I have reservations in Europe through Sixt in a few months!!! I Need to cancel those quick!
5	Love this LOCATION.... Stephanie and Chris are the best......
3	Cheaper than the rest, Sixt still has a ways to go to be as good as they should be.  Had to call from the airport to get a shuttle to show up.  The work staff in this rather remote office was helpful and friendly, and the car was new and perfectly fine, but they were difficult to find for the return drop-off.  They were open, we later found out, at 6am when we were trying to call, but the desk person told us she was probably driving the shuttle to the airport at that time.  She was the only one there, doing everything that needed to be done from 6-9am.  At first our GPS couldn't find them, but that was my bad.  I put in one wrong letter in the address.  It was lucky we had GPS though.  There are NO signs even at the driveway entrance, not to mention a half mile away.   And the office is in what seems to be a long term storage facility--not where you would expect to find a rental car office.  Please more signs to your place!  And better directions!  And a regular shuttle too, please!  How about one extra staff person?
5	Great services, friendly staff...
1	The customer service here is awful.This is a review of my rental from Nov 25-29.First, make sure you call them when you get to the airport. Their shuttle doesn't show up unless they know you are there (this is mentioned nowhere in the reservation).Second, the money thing is like a scam! I originally reserved many months early. The price later dropped, so I contacted customer service. They told me to cancel my previous prepaid reservation, give them the number of my new booking for the same dates, and they would issue a refund. That was nearly a month ago. They give me the run around with customer service. Everyone states that my refund was issued. Ive been given 3 different dates that the credit will process--all dates have come and gone. Even the girl at the front desk promised to call back in 1 hour and, 4 days later, Ive heard nothing. I have had to resort to disputing the amount on my credit card.And my rental had low tires in the cold weather and I was told just to drive--it was fine. No washer fluid in rainy weather. What kind of place are these people running?Save yourself the hassle and book a company that is on site and reliable.
5	The staff here are great. It feels more like a local business than a big company. The other reviews are right about the sign problem, but just head outside and wait in section "A" they'll come or they'll already be there waiting for you. The drivers and the front desk are very friendly and super accomodating. I rented from them because of price but I'll go back because of the service.
1	Cheaper then most rental places but totally not worth using.  My flight left departed at 7:50 am. The service representative stated that the facility opened at 5:00 am. No one arrived until 5:45 am.  I do not recommend due to the inconvenience and poor customer service.
1	Worst car rental service I've ever experienced!!! If I could give them a negative rating, I would. We arrived at Charlotte airport and went out to the curbside to await our shuttle to come. After waiting for 30mins, I called Sixt to ask where the shuttle was as I had seen other shuttles drive by MULTIPLE times, yet no Sixt shuttle. The lady on the other end assured me that the shuttle was on its way as she claimed she spoke with the driver who said he was "wrapping around the airport and would be right there." Well, another 10 minutes later, I called again wondering if the driver had gotten lost, disoriented, in a car accident, or blatantly lied, and again I was reassured the shuttle was on its way and that it should be there any second since their location was literally 5 minutes away from the airport (not sure why it would take so long to get to the airport when you're only 5 minutes away.)Long story short (kinda), the shuttle FINALLY appeared after 5 phone calls and waiting for over an hour in the freezing cold (this is when there was the huge snow/winter storm). The driver pulls up in an unmarked van (no Sixt logo), and proceeds to just sit in the car, not saying he's with Sixt, not saying anything... Just hanging out in the car, when at this point, there were 4 of us waiting for this "shuttle". One of the gentleman that was waiting with us went up to the van and asked the driver if this was indeed the Sixt shuttle, to which the driver responded yes. We got in the van and literally a 5 minute ride later, we were at the office. Mind you, there were no signs with the name, no logo, nothing. We literally got out in a parking lot that looked almost deserted, other than cars parked there. We entered into a small building and lo-and-behold FINALLY saw a Sixt logo. The lady at the front desk was really nice and said she was going to upgrade us since we had to wait so long for the shuttle to come pick us up, which was definitely nice. The car, however, wasn't THAT great. I mean the car itself was a brand new Nissan Ultima so I couldn't really complain much about that... but the smell in the car?! Someone definitely was smoking like a chimney in there -- the smoke smell was so incredibly strong I had to drive with the windows down and the heat blasting so I could at least stand being in the car. Not to mention I opened the arm rest compartment to plug my phone in to charge, and a huge cloud of weed odor came out, so it was back to windows being opened. I think it's safe to say that I will NEVER EVER book another rental vehicle with Sixt, nor will I ever recommend them to anyone. I guess that's why they're "Sixt" -- because they suck!!!
1	Rented from Sixt this week. Not a good experience.  The location was off-airport and not with the other rental agencies, so returning the car was a challenge. I needed to put the address, off the rental agreement, into the GPS to find it. This alone wouldn't have caused me to select 1 star, the other issues were the computer not working when I initially arrived, and the agent having to fill out the entire agreement by hand, CC info and all. Therefore the wait was terrible. Additionally, this Sixt is the only one in NC, so when my return flight was changed to fly out of Raleigh I called to ask if I could return the car to Raleigh. No was the answer. They have no facility in Raleigh and no relationship with any other agency to allow this. Enterprise, Hertz, Avis, Alamo wouldn't have had this issue. I was told the manager would call me to possibly work something out but never got the call. I have to change my flight to accommodate dropping off the car in Charlotte.I'm now waiting for my invoice to be emailed to me, per their offer. It hasn't arrived and I can't reach them (no answer when I call).
4	If I had been anywhere else other than the south, the experience that I had at Sixt might not have been nearly as charming as it was. If you were to judge it from it's storefront size,  you'd think it to be a rather a "small beans" operation, but this company, which I'm told, has comes to the US from Europe within the last 2 years. If I didn't know better I would suspect that  wasn't even a real business because it's unusually small and intimate, while remaining professional, modern, and sleek, though not slick. What I enjoyed about this experience is that it was SIMPLE. I didn't have to endure a litany of questions about insurance options and have to deal with long ass contracts full of disclaimers and disorienting  legalese that ends with the old "initial-this initial-that" mambo!It was a very direct, very simple and straightforward transaction. Now if I'd gotten in an accident or something it may have all coming raining shit down on me, but I didn't, so it was great. They have a shuttle that goes to and from the airport  when they call for a driver to do so. Sixt does not, however, occur to me as the kind of place you'd appreciate if you're in a hurry, need it yesterday, or suffer bouts of impatience. But if you're looking for something that's inexpensive and a great bargain considering, this ain't bad.It's' definitely the "little business that could", but you know what? I hope they never lose their charm.
4	What really won me over about renting from Sixt was how friendly and helpful all of the employees were, as well as how easy the pick-up and drop-off process were. My flight arrived late, so I did call to make sure the shuttle was coming, but I did not have to wait long (maybe 5 minutes from the time I called). Picking up the car involved minimal paperwork/fuss, and the return was even easier. I would absolutely rent from Sixt again.
1	Waited 25min and called 888 number twice. Finally came by with small van and too many people for the van. Had to wait another 10min for the driver to come by again. Then he was all pissed off about having make a quick trip back. In this same time I saw ~4-5 cycles of Avis, hertz, budget, etc come around.
3	Got a great price on Hotwire for an Intermediate at an "airport location." However, I was surprised that there was no counter in the terminal...that's the "catch." But the shuttle came quickly after I called the toll-free number. Bear in mind, you still need a shuttle with the other guys to go get the actual car. No waiting at the counter. Pleasant service. Mazda 5 is a great, handy vehicle, just 6500 miles on it.
2	First car had multiple stains on the passenger seat.  The window had a streak of paint on it.  We reported the issues and they wrote them down as pre-existing.  As we prepared to leave, the cars warning lights signaled low tire pressure.  That was significant enough that we had to report the car again.  They politely issued us a second car at no charge.  The second car had temporary tags though.  A second rental car customer also had to report stains in his car.  A third customer had to report a large crack in his windshield.  When we returned to drop off the car - hours  before the schedule end time -  the Sixt employee  unexpectedly gave us the wrong receipt for another person.  It had their home address and start time of rental.  At first we reported it and they said it was because it was a replacement car.  They said it was okay and told us it was fine since we had a receipt.  But we had to specifically ask them to correct the receipt so we had proof we returned our car... He just wrote our name on the wrong receipt and crossed off the other persons name.  Other people were waiting so we left to board the shuttle.  However I realized not only was the name and car wrong , but the start date of the rental was wrong too! Upon further inspection, we discovered the receipt did not list the same car. It had another registration number for the wrong car again. We had to leave the shuttle, delaying passengers.  We asked them to look us up again.  Apparently they thought we had called to request an extra day and we again had to correct them. Our pickup receipt clearly stated the car and rental period. So, we were glad to have a receipt with our name on it and the proper date of return.  But it still listed the contract dates incorrectly even though we had reserved everything online and had printed out a copy of the online receipt....  I'm not sure what's up with the company's record tracking system but be careful. We would have taken a dirty, unserviced/damaged car, and would have been incorrectly billed for an extra day had we not read the receipts carefully...!  We received another customers home information which should be private and not released to other customers. Will never use them again. Unprofessional to say the least...!
5	At first I was wary when I read these reviews but I got a very good deal and I wanted to see for myself. The service was excellent! I am a Sixt member already. I had my information pre filled. I put in my flight time. I was afraid because my flight got in at 9:30pm and they close at 10pm. They were kind enough to wait for me. I got there and called the customer service number for pickup. The minivan was there less than 5 minutes after my call. It was a short rise to their location. Immediate check in because I had filled out my info prior to renting. I got a brand new Nissan Versa. It was clean and non smoking! Great on gas! No problems at all. Check out was fast as well and they took me back to the airport in a breeze. I would rent again from Sixt and recommend to friends and family.
