3	I have never actually stayed here, but I'm giving it 3 stars just by virtue of it being in the music video for Tim Berg's "Bromance" at the 2:50 mark (www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWUC5Q0RCAA).  If the video is any indication, this place is great for wild nights of drinking, partying and sex.  Hey, what happens in Vegas right?
1	Unlike the other review I actually stayed here. Was during a convention (which I was not attending), and since I arrived late at night and only needed a room to sleep in for a few hours, I did not want to pay the $360 that MGM was charging for what would be a few hours of rest, before I checked into a much much better hotel.  That was a big mistake. This is the second worst motel I have ever stayed in, the other was the Berkeley Inn in Berkeley.   Here is the actual review of the room:Sheets/Blanket: Felt dirty and scratchy.Heater/AC: Did not work very well.Bathroom: Very few towels, dirty looking floor, shower head that was about chest height (I am 5-10) and to top it off, my girlfriend at the time flushed the toilet and broke the handle. TV: Old, I mean old from the early 1980's. Did however, have a free porn channel. Stay away, this part of Vegas is called the "Gateway District". It is literally one of the worst parts you could stay in, unless you want to get mugged or die.
4	Hey it's cheap, conveniently located & funky.  Great little outdoor pool just like in leaving Las Vegas.   I've stayed here several times for trade shows at bigger more expensive hotels.  Your experience 100% depends on who you get in the rooms next to yours; considerate neighbors or noisy idiots.   Also check out the Super8 for great rates but....NO POOL!  HoJo's has a pool....
1	This is a dirty place, old, did not have a three prongs outlet to plug my computer, they did not want to give me my money back, they moved me to another room twice, almost the same dirty carpets and kind of dirty bed spreads. Awful experience, WiFi only in the Lobby even though I called before asking them that I need WiFi front desk lady pm told me that she will give the password but did not tell me no WiFi in the rooms, Awful experience.
1	This is a disgusting place which serves a what looks like an hour by hour hotel room.  Don't do it!!!!!!   The staff creepy....like something out of psycho.  Beware!!!!
