5	A Denny's with a five star review? Yup. The staff really works hard to please and the food is really good. This is not my first Denny's meal. But when the staff really cares it makes a huge difference!
4	3.5 stars seems a little more appropriate. Service was ok, nothing great as we waited awhile between refills. Food was good other than the turkey bacon, which was not hot and very limp. Place is clean with friendly staff and the menu has something for everyone. One of the better versions of Denny's.
1	That 1 star is for the female manager on 6/21/14 at 5:30pm. We went in and she said the wait time for food was 40 minutes encoring us to leave, we stayed because we want to eat, after that she told the server that we were not in hurry. Really? She was making it seem as we should leave, what manager is so unfriendly and suggest to leave?
1	Cockroachs running on the tables, burgers were pale. Not so tasty. Needs major change in management. I like other dennys. But not this one.
4	Yelp's 365 Review Challenge 2014 #302 - #365.                We were staying at Encore just a 2 minute walk north of our hotel and wanted a budget friendly breakfast. So we decide to eat at America's favorite diner, "Denny's!"The restaurant was packed and we only waited for 10 minutes before getting called. Our server was friendly as well as the rest of the staff. I ordered the Grand Slam and orange juice, the food was just ok in my book. We were always checked on for refills and if the food was cooked perfectly. I like how the staff goes out of their way to please the customer. If I'm staying at the Encore again, I'll be sure to come back to this Denny's location for an affordable breakfast and good service. I know the food in Encore will cost an arm and a leg!
5	Yesterday  morning we stopped and had GREAT FOOD and amazing service from DONNA!! She is great nice lady!!
5	: short wait, fast service, parking accessible at the back of Dennys,  gets crowded, food alright but cheap, fast service crew, along las vegas blvd next to Walgreens.  Place get packed though so, the earlier you go the better.
2	hostess is nice, server was ehh... Managers way of greeting a table is in a rush and with no smile asking "How is everything" as he is rushing past your table....
1	This place is a piece of shit. There were no other customers there except for a big group that seemed to be friends with the workers there. We waited 15 minutes until I got up to tell a server to come take our order. He said "I'll be with you in a minute" and was standing there doing nothing. My party and I decided to get out of that shithole. On the way out, I see 3 other employees sitting and chatting with the customers from the other tables. Fuck this place.
4	Relative to your average Denny's or other franchise breakfast joint, this spot is fantastic. No, the food isn't Michelin-star rated because you know, it's a Denny's. But, the wait staff, hosts and hostesses were all fantastically friendly and brightened up our mornings, and there's a lot to be said for that.
