4	Oh DI how I love you.  I missed you so when I was living in the midwest and I'm so glad to be back.  You've gotta love DI.  This location is big.  They have a ton of clothing and a pretty decent furniture section.  And as with most DIs it is very well organized and tidy.  Many of the clothes are organized by color as well as by type which makes for easy shopping.  I'm a thrifty girl at heart and love it when I can find a good deal at a thrift shop.  DI never disappoints!
4	This thrift shop has a large selection of good quality items for god prices. They are never short on interesting items in the clothing, luggage/bags, and furniture department. Goods move fast so there is always something new to find. The housewares department is lacking a bit. It's not the place to hunt out vintage pyrex. I'm so glad to have such an amazing thrift store in my neighborhood.
4	Great store. It's actually "Deseret Industries" though (not Desert). Unlike most chain thrift stores, Deseret's clothing is very well organized, and the racks are not overcrowded. There's plenty of room to walk around. The clothing is organized by size, type, and color, and all clothing on the same rack is the same price. Some pretty high quality stuff here, for less than you'd pay at Savers or Goodwill. Like the other review said, this is not the place for housewares - non-clothing items tend to be low quality and there's not much selection.
3	I've been in here a few times now, some to donate and some to shop, and I think this place is a okay.  They have a great selection of clothing, mostly women's and some men's with furniture and housewares as well.The store is well organized, and the prices here are great.  I picked through some of their skirts, men's tshirts, and housewares sections to see what they had.  I did see two really nice kitchen tables for sale, but since I don't need a kitchen table, obviously I didn't buy it.I was hoping to score some candles here, but I didn't see any.  But, they had some really great stuff back here, so maybe next time.  The hours are okay, but since it's a Mormon run place, they are closed on Sundays.  So, if you want to get any shopping done, make sure to get it done Monday through Saturday!If your in the area, stop in here.  It's worth a shot.  Place is clean and smells okay too.
4	Update: clothes on the same rack are no longer the same price.
4	Got 4 knit shirts and a basket on a Saturday noon when everything is picked over.  I'm impressed with this store!  I just wonder when the LDS/Mormen's put their stuff out?  I cannot imagine the haul I could get if I were to go at a good time.  Love this place!  Nice help, too, there.  And no smell...ain't that a novelty?
4	First time here. Well organized and clean. Very friendly staff. Reasonable prices and large space. Down side ... In rough neighborhood. Wouldn't come alone at night and definitely locked my car. Will come again.
