5	Soooo....like i said before Elaine has been doing my nails for years and im so happy she can have her own gig now. See the thing i love about her is that she is detail oriented and takes pride in her work. Like myself regardless of customer, money or any circumstance she knows that when you leave her name is on your hands and feet!!! SO THEY HAVE TO LOOK THE BEST!  I have been to many people in las vegas when i first moved here and the fact that i kept the same set of nails for almost three years with her is impressive(they wouldve lasted longer if it werent for my own personal negligence AND i groom dogs all day).   When you walk in this salon everything is clean and sanitary and as other salons say thery are sanitary Elaines shop ensures it by having you make a small one time investment of $2-$5 for a mani/pedi set for you to bring everytime so that no body elses nasties are on you. GENIOUS RIGHT!!!  So everythime i go i have alittle bag that i convienently keep in my glove box full of my own personal tools that are only used on me. I feel confident in Elaine and her staff,  she oversees everything to ensure everyone is happy!! Im telling you These are the best of the best. You might think ya right my nail lady is great but its because you settled for ok and dont realize it ...So try something new and see how you get the best and probably for the same price! They are convienently located in side the Epiphany salon on durango just past peace way on the right. YOU WONT BE SORRY!!!!
5	Previously, I wrote a review about my nail technician(Elaine) under the name of the business called, "Dana's Nail & Spa".  Recently, Elaine opened her own nail shop inside of Epiphany Beauty Salon(Trop & Durango).  I'm so happy for her!!!  She is fully recovered from her recent surgery and I'm glad that she is back to work.  No more broken or lifting nails!  I'm highly recommending her to anyone wants to have their nails done.  She has 23 years of experience in NY, Dallas, & Vegas :)  She has been always taken care of my nails sincerely and I know why she has so many royal customers up to these days.
5	I was recommended to Elaine by my cousin a few months ago and WOW is she amazing! I've been going to different nail places around town for years and years and I was never really satisfied with the results until I went to Elaine. She listens so well and after she does your nails the first time, she remembers exactly what you like. My nails always come out the way that I want and last soooo well! Aside from the fact that she's so talented, she's also such a sweetheart and SO funny! I definitely recommend going to Elaine if you're looking for an amazing nail tech! She's going to be opening up her own nail salon very soon, so be on the look out for it!
5	Elaine is amazing! I was referred to her from a friend and has been with her ever since. She takes her time and listens to exactly what you want. I normally get the gel manicures and not once have they lifted. She is a must!
5	Elaine is beyond amazing! She's quick and always meets perfection. I have tried others and no one compares. I adore her and always want to come back for more!
5	I've been going to Elaine for a while now she is amazing and very talented! I highly recommend going to her, she is quick,and does things to perfection!  Her nephew Danny..is so creative with nail designs patient and does amazing work! The best dynamic duo in Vegas!   Ashley Briggs
5	Elaine has been doing my nails for 3 years now and I won't let anyone else do them!   She is fabulous.  Always on time and does an excellent job.  She is funny, personable and just all around a great person!   I receive compliments all the time on my nails when I am in public.
5	Elaine is by far the best!!! No One else can do my nails to my peorfection and remember each time i come back!  :) She knows what she is doing and always does an amazing job! I drive 30 mins for my appointment because i wont go to anyone else! (she could tell if i did!) Thanks Elaine!! Ill see you soon!
5	Usually I jump around from different nail salons because I could never find anyone that I did what I considered to be a good enough job. I had given up and just figured that I was asking for too much and would never find the person I was looking for. That all changed when I found Elaine.  Looking for a new salon on yelp I came across Elaine. I read the good reviews and figured I would give her a try. Well I am certainly happy I did. Elaine is truly a protectionist. She does a great job every time. I have definitely found a nail salon and would never consider going to anyone else but Elaine.  Her place is very clean and I love the fact that she gives you your own nail bag to keep and use when you come in.  I don't know what I did before finding Elaine.  I would recommend her to anyone who is as picky about their nails as I am.
5	I am so grateful for Elaine, she has done my nails for a few years, off and on...I have moved to North Las Vegas and thought it was too far for a pedicure and fills.  I was wrong, she is well worth the trip to have a wonderful pedicure and great looking nails. I definitely will recommend her to my friends!  Thank you Elaine!
5	Elaine is the best, hands down.  She is always busy, so don't forget to set your appointment!  She's worth it!
5	I wanted to get my nails done for the first time in 8 years after losing my previous nail technician after being with her for 9 years. I was really looking for someone that I could go to for years to come, someone that would know what I liked and could trust that they would do the job well each and every time. Elaine is exactly that person. I loved that she asked me questions to find out what I liked and what I wanted. She make me feel really comfortable with her work. Even though I just called her out of the blue for an appointment for my mother-in-law and myself, as soon as I walked in, she said "Hello" to me by name. My mother-in-law absolutely loved her manicure and pedicure. Plus, she fit us in her schedule, as well as two more of my family members who wanted to be fit in that day while we were at our appointments, even though she isn't typically open on Sundays. Yeah, it might me seen as an opportunity to earn a little more money, but servicing our needs took away from her family on a day she really didn't plan to work as late as she did. So, I really appreciated her dedication and professionalism in meeting our needs, despite previous obligations that were made. Elaine is absolutely the best, as far as I'm concerned. My total reason for selecting her as my first nail technician in Las Vegas was due solely to her positive reviews of Yelp. And, I have to say that she definitely lives up to those positive reviews.
5	Elaine is absolutely amazing at what she does...I'm always impressed with my nail art, and my nails never lift or break!!! Elaine has been doing my nails for a while now, and as long as she's in business, she's the only one I'll ever go to.
5	Still the best and how amazing she is relocating just right up the street my to a beautiful new location on durango just between peace an flamingo....And 24 hrs!!!! awesome! My nails are still beautiful as ever (except when i chew them) She really is the best hands down
5	I highly recommend Elaine's nails to everyone.  The technician is very thorough and friendly, the place is clean, and they use sterilized tools.  Not to mention the price for a spa pedi is very reasonable.  Great service!
5	I've been going to Elaine for 5 years now. Not only is she a great nail technician  she is also a hard worker  and a perfectionist and so is her Husband. I think they are a great team. My finger was hurt last year and she has done wonders with my nails to make it  look the same as the others. Just want to say thank you Elaine
5	Elaine has been my nail artist for as long as I can remember! She's creative, prompt and absolutely fantastic!
5	Great place to get nails done In Las Vegas ! Profession , clean and they really take the time.
