1	Really shady place.  They advertise as a 3 star hotel, but the quality is definitely sub-par.  Just because they're in Scottsdale, doesn't mean its a good location...really sketchy...I was worried my car would get broken into.Also, there were drunkards partying next to our room all night, keeping us up all night.  Avoid this place at all costs!
5	I've stayed here twice now and have thoroughly enjoyed both trips.  For the price, I feel like you really get more than you pay for.  In my experience, the rooms have been nice and clean and everything has been in working condition.  Free wireless is crucial and makes life so much easier.  There's a pool that I haven't used.  There's a workout room that I haven't used...Papago Brewing Company is right across the parking lot which makes for an easy end to the evening.  I'm not sure that this is the place to go if you're looking for an all-out vacation, but for work travel, it fulfills all my needs.
4	After a half-cross-country road trip my friend and I were in dire need of a good night's sleep.We found it here. The neighborhood was a-ok. Nothing great but nothing that made us feel like we could leave our doors unlocked. The mattresses made our entire vacation. The beds here were the bset I've ever slept on. We actually wound up waking up an hour late due to the comfort.Will definitely stay there again and hope that they use the same mattress at all their Inn and Resorts.
5	For my money, it doesn't get much nicer than this place.  Very reasonable ($40) and a really cute place run by the nicest people ever.   Bob, our front desk man, was amazing, and so proud of his city.  He told us all the fun stuff to do in town and was just an all around nice guy.Only stayed one night, but the pool looked decent and the aviary was a nice touch, as was the whole interior garden feel.Free wifi in the rooms and a business center with printers makes me happy!All in all, a great place for a stopover.(neighborhood is a little on the ghetto side, (i.e. driving down the street you see pawn shop, liquor store, pawn shop, strip clup, pawn shop directly NEXT to the strip club...) but definitely not scary at all.)
5	Was at the end on a five-day road trip through Utah & Arizona and had been spending the night at budget motels.  Arrived to Scottsdale after spending the last night at a poorly maintained Motel 6 in Northern Arizona.  I was expecting a similar experience at Best Western Papago Inn but, to our surprise, it was quite the opposite.  The room was spotless, with new modern furniture and full of amenities.  The only downside is that we were only there for one night--I highly recommend Papago Inn to anyone in the Phoenix Metro area.  You get all the perks of a resort at the price of a budget motel!
4	You cannot beat this hotel's accomodations and location for the price. I stayed for 3 nights at a rate of $41 per night. My room was clean and orderly. Television, internet connection, fridge worked. The rooms were fairly up to date.  I liked how they tried to be classy and equip the rooms with two mediocre bathrobes. I enjoyed the heated pool in the mornings, along with the bird chirping going on from the large bird cage nestled in the courtyard.
5	This place is a great for the money.  I think we paid only about $50 a night for a room during Spring Training.  From the outside, the place doesn't have much appeal.  The neighborhood isn't ghetto but there's nothing decent within walking distance.  On the inside, however, it's so charming!  The pool/garden/aviary is so cute and retro (but in a way that's been preserved - not left to rot for 30 years). The rooms really blew me away considering the price we paid. They were totally updated and didn't look like what you would expect from a Best Western at all.  The extras at this place totally put this little place into the five star category for me.  They have free wifi (when most $200 rooms charge) and a business center that let us print for free (note: we were especially thrilled about this because tickets.com has some sort of block on printing tickets that we needed to see our beloved Giants).  My only fault that I could find with the place is that they play golden oldies for the people at the pool on the weekends during the day and the speaker was right outside of our door (209).  It wasn't obnoxiously loud but it did kind of irritate me.Overall, we'll most likely stay here again next year to save some money seeing as how everything else in Scottsdale is on the expensive side.  If you're comparing to the Best Western Sundial - I think the Sundial is more expensive and I hear they charge for wifi.  The upside to the Sundial (from what I've seen - haven't stayed there) is that it's more centrally located and within walking distance of downtown - as opposed to Papago which is only about a 3 minute drive).
3	At $50/night, a very good value. Nice little pool area. Decent rooms, private parking. Bathrooms are quite small. Walking distance to food and Papago Brewery. Easy access to Scottsdale Road.Not luxurious by any means, but worth the price.
3	This was home base for 4 nights during our trip to AZ.  The hotel was alright...nothing bad but nothing great about it either.  Pros-Comfy bed, free wireless internet, free business center to print things out, free parking and only $50 bucks a night....oh yeah...pretty centrally located right off Scottsdale Blvd.Cons-Pool was closed, small bathrooms,  walls are pretty thin....we had a band that was touring or some shit staying next to us and we could hear them all hours of the day.Would I stay again?  Maybe.
2	A nice budget motel.  Got a AAA deal for $59 + tax and it was most everything I expected; clean, quiet and comfortable.  If your wife requires five star rooms, marble floors, etc then this isn't that but is more like mid level.  It suited my needs, the pool was clean, and the grounds are nice.  Had a little difficulty with sleeping - the pillows were way thick and the bed a little hard, bringing this down to net of two stars
4	Pretty decent location.  Near old town scottsdale and about a 5 minute drive to Scottsdale Stadium (off Scottsdale Ave and Osbourn).  Staff are cool.  Has business office with free printing so you can print your boarding pass.  Near lots of places to eat.  Rooms are pretty comfortable and prices are reasonable if you're on a budget.Soaps aren't that great.Showers are ok (was luke warm water on one night).Plenty of FREE parking.Beds were comfy.Rooms seemed cleaned.Layout is practical though a little outdated...but comfy.Pool looked a little dirty...maybe that's because of all the trees and leaves falling into it.There's also a cool gigantic chess board.The gym's not very inviting but available.All in all; it's pretty good.  I'd come here again.
4	I must admit, I first thought my GPS had gotten it wrong.As we dragged into Scottsdale, weary from fighting traffic on I-10, I thought at first that we'd landed in the wrong place. As we drove along McDowell Rd, past car dealership after car dealership, I actually started to panic a bit...surely there couldn't be a resort hotel in this neighborhood?Then, just as Garmin announced "arriving at destination, on right" I spotted the Best Western sign, tucked in beside an auto detailing shop! And that's when the vacation started!Despite the commercial neighborhood, the Papago Inn is really quite charming! The friendly desk clerk had our reservation ready, and we were settled in our room before we knew it. And a very nice room it was, too...a spacious single king on the second floor. In addition to the wonderfully comfortable king-sized bed (one of the best hotel beds I've ever slept on), the room easily accommodated a comfy arm chair and ottoman, a full-sized chest of drawers, and a separate computer/writing desk, with enough room to spare that we weren't constantly tripping over each other. It also had a regular closet rather than an alcove for hanging your clothes, which is nice when you're staying for a bit and want to unpack and get comfortable.The room also came equipped with a mini-fridge, a coffee/hot water maker, a hair dryer, and an ironing board with iron (and there actually would have been room to set up the ironing board, had we needed it!).Especially nice, in this "wired" age...there were plenty of outlets for our various electronics!The TV worked well, was easy to use, and got a nice selection of channels.The bathroom was small, but adequate, with a tub/shower combination, toilet, and separate vanity area.Everything was very clean, and maintained in excellent condition throughout our stay.The hotel is set up in standard American motor court fashion, with the rooms opening on a central courtyard and parking arranged around the outside. The courtyard is really a lovely little green oasis, and must be especially nice during the heat of summer. The pool was sparkling clean (it was just a bit too cool, this early in the year, for us to use it) and surrounded by a well-manicured green lawn. Also featured in the courtyard is an aviary that is home to a small flock of beautiful parakeets, a giant chess set (you can get the key to unlock the pieces at the front desk), a pagoda and an old-fashioned porch swing.The spacious lobby features an exchange library (if you finish a book you're reading while you're there, you can exchange it for one of theirs).There's also a restaurant and bar, which we didn't have occasion to use, but which looked very pleasant.You might not think it from what I said about the neighborhood (and it's not a bad neighborhood, by the way...just commercial), but the location is excellent for exploring the area. It's a very short drive to Scottsdale Stadium (Go Giants!), to Old Town, to ASU, to Tempe Marketplace (a HUGE outdoor shopping mall) and to the Desert Botanical Garden (an absolute must-see if you're visiting this area!). There are also several supermarkets and restaurants within a comfortable driving distance. Right next door to the hotel is the small Papago Plaza shopping center, which features an excellent brew pub and pizza restaurant: Papago Brewing Company (we had dinner there our first night, and highly recommend it).The best thing about the place, though, has to be the people. From the desk clerks to the housekeeping staff, everyone was so pleasant and friendly! I'm not used to hotel maids smiling and saying "Good morning! How are you? Have a wonderful day!" when I pass them outside my room, but I could get very used to it indeed! And the desk clerks are a wealth of helpful information about the area.Three caveats, if you're thinking of staying here: 1) There is no elevator, so if you have mobility issues, you should request a downstairs room at booking. 2) The parakeets are lovely, but they do wake with the birds (fancy that!), so if you like to sleep late, ask for a room that's not too near the aviary (we were in 225, well away from the aviary, so they didn't bother us, but we did hear a few people commenting about the "bird alarm"). 3) The wi-fi can be spotty, as can cell phone reception. We found that it worked best if only one of us was on-line at a time. The room had a couple of cell phone "dead spots," so I took to stepping outside to make calls. Not a problem if you're there to relax, as we were, but if you need to keep up with business while traveling, it's something to keep in mind.All in all, it was a wonderful experience, and if we're lucky enough to come back to Scottsdale for spring training next year, we will definitely stay here again
4	All stars ratings are relative, but for a middle class resort you can't beat Pagpo.  Rooms furnished with robes, actual mugs and glasses as well as paper for poolside, pool towels, plenty of  nice room towels.  Good wifi, tv with many channels, good breakfast available in restaurant.  respite from Scottsdale.   A real buy for your $.   Would like tosee rugs go, but that's my only downer.
2	The hotel is an older place that is far from a resort. The restaurant is only open for breakfasts. the pool area is nice.Our room was given to us with all sorts of problems. Our room, they explained that the light in the bathroom had a bulb burnt out. It was so dark in there.. The shower curtain was on a slant so you couldn't close it properly causing the water to go on the floor. The toilet ran unless you flicked the handle several times. The A/C worked but sounded noisy all night.The door had a trick to opening it as you had to snap it up & down several times to open. Upon checking out was told that our Best Western points weren't earned there as we booked with hotels.com..?
4	I reviewed this place about a year ago.  We have stayed here several times over the last 6 or 7 years and love it.What's to like?  Clean, comfortable rooms, only missing a microwave.  A great staff, friendly and helpful.  The interior courtyard is great, with a pool, grass areas, nicely landscaped and the wonderful aviary with birds (mostly parakeets) that start chirping the morning.  We often sit out on the swing or in the gazebo in the evening.60s style architecture, which we love, and they have small Christmas like lights that decorate the gazebo and some of the trees.  Nice flower garden as well.  Because the rooms all face inward to the courtyard you would never know it sits on a major street!  Quiet!Terrific location, 5 minutes from downtown Scottsdale, 10 minutes to the 101 loop and the 202 which joins with all major freeways.  10 minutes to the Desert Botanical Garden.Nice little cafe that serves good breakfasts (breakfast only).  There's a really good pub in the adjacent shopping center that serves a nice variety of beers and really good bar food.  One of the beers they had on tap (rotating beers) was from Finland!If you are looking for a place with a fancy lobby, spa, etc., this isn't it, but if you are looking for a friendly and relaxing place at a very reasonable price, look no further.I can't help but wonder how long it will stay this way but as long as it does we will be coming back.
5	Planned a party night out at Papago Brewing which is around the corner from the Best Western and knew we weren't going to be in any shape to drive.  What a smart idea. Hotel is kind of old but the prices were great and the location couldn't be beat. The staff was nice and the place was clean and quiet. Certainly not an upscale resort but it serves it purpose well. Would highly recommend if you are going to any Spring training games as the A's and Giants are super close.
1	This place was terrible! The room smelled like old popcorn when we arrived late in the afternoon. Since we were on a tight schedule and only staying one night, we decided to not say anything. The next morning we found hairs in the shower and on the floor that didn't belong to my husband or me. There were stains on the carpet and plaster/paint peeling from the ceiling in the closet. I don't know how this place got labeled a PLUS - maybe it was because of all the things we found in the room that shouldn't have been. We won't be back and highly discourage anyone from staying here!
3	For whatever reason, reviews for this place are all over the map.  This is where I have stayed before and will stay again when coming to the area.It is a convenient location, about a mile away from shopping (Old Town Scottsdale) and several of the local attractions (Desert Botanical Gardens, Phoenix Zoo, etc).As a Best Western Rewards member, I have written a few reviews for Best Western Hotels and this is one of the nicest that I have stayed at.We had a King sized bed which was only $59.00 a night and I slept like a baby.  The room was decent sized and included a mini refrigerator to store any leftovers and drinks we would need during our stay.  For whatever reason, there was no microwave and no room safe.  But, the staff was very accommodating when we needed to heat up leftovers, they opened their kitchen to us which I think was above and beyond customer service.It has a nice little courtyard with a gazebo, pool and bird aviary.  All the rooms face the courtyard so you do not get any of the traffic noise from the very busy E. McDowell Road.  They have a restaurant on site that serves breakfast and dinner.  We ate breakfast there one morning and it was good.  They also have a cute lounge area for drinks in the afternoon/evening but we did not have the chance to try.If Yelp had 1/2 stars I would give it 3 1/2 stars.
4	This is a great little retro gem - we had 2 rooms here on Christmas Eve.  Since we were in town for family festivities, we did not make use of all the amenities - pool, lounge, etc., but it all looked great. I would totally stay here again.  Super-friendly staff.
4	This was a great place to stay! The staff are very friendly and accommodating. The rates are cheap! We paid $70 for a Sat night. The bartender was friendly and bottled domestic beer only cost us $2! They have put some effort into making it "resort like". Not sure if I would go as far to call this a resort but still had a very pleasant experience and would definitely stay here again.
4	I figured I'd write a brief update to my previous review, as we stayed here again for Spring Training this year (And we actually got the exact same room! How often does that happen?). It was every bit as good as last year...even better, actually, as they now offer a free breakfast! Same great people; same pleasant and comfortable room; same really happy stay. This is definitely our home-away-from-home in Scottsdale!
5	I found this place off a quick search of the area and I will admit, they are not five-star compared to all hotels out there, they are five star for their price (a room of similar quality would cost $20-$30+ more under the same circumstances.) The room is nice, the bar is cheap, the pool is clean, and the hospitality was great. I'm definitely coming here again.
4	I really loved this hotel.  We stayed here on our recent vacation and the vibe was great.  I felt like I was in a time warp back to the 60's - in a good way.  Every employee we met was very friendly.  They really maintain the property and were doing some updates to the lobby - but after hours so it was not a problem for customers.  We could sit out on the balcony in front of the room at night which overlooked the pool and the aviary. Rooms were comfortable and the rates were reasonable.  I don't have any reason to go back to Scottsdale but would do so just to hang out at this place again.
3	My friend and I stayed here during Labor Day weekend. The hotel was great for the price the only bad was the night guy in the office. We had friends come to meet us but we were out of the room. Our friends went to the office to see if they could get a key. Bob Corbin called my friend and I for permission. He was extremely rude to my friend of the phone questioning who we were and why she was impersonating me. The room was under her credit card through my hotels.com account. Nothing against the rules! He lectured her than hung up on us. I'm not sure who he thinks he is but he was way out of line. I would recommend the hotel but avoid the office in the evening.
