1	Not very business like. Missed first appointment with no call. Did not return calls for several days and when I was able to contact them and re-schedule, they were 1.5 hours late with no call. The actual work was OK at best, but they left without completing the job. Again, multiple un-returned calls for three days and a bad email address. Finally left a message threatening a bad review and got a return call almost immediately. Said they only missed two windows and would be return to do just those. I told them to forget it and warned neighbors who were considering hiring them. Don't waste your money if you see a special offer or coupon. Poor business practices!
1	If I could give zero stars, I would. This company is so unprofessional! I scheduled a three hour cleaning, left work early to be home when the cleaners arrived, and no one ever showed up. No phone call, nothing. In fact, it took an hour to reach someone at the office (during business hours). The man I spoke with told me he'd find out what happened and call right back. But did he call? No. I finally called back an hour after that, and after a few tries, he finally answered and said the cleaners' car had broken down and that they would come the next day instead. However, he had forgotten to ask them what time they'd be there and so promised he'd call me right back with the time. I didn't hear from him. I called the following day and a woman answered the phone. I explained what happened, she apologized, and promised to have someone come that day. She said she'd call in ten minutes to let me know when they would arrive. That was three days ago. I still haven't heard back. In short, don't waste your time or your money.
1	Read my post from 12/24. If you purchased a voucher from Amazon, you may be able to get your money back. I did. You may need your order number and look for a phone number on the bottom of your confirmation...pete
1	I too wish I could give zero stars - what a terrible and stressful experienceI purchased a voucher through Amazon.Local for this company.  It was suppose to be 2 people for 3 hours of house cleaning. I scheduled it for 11:00 am on 12/29/13 as I had an event occurring at my home on Sunday afternoon.  I began calling the company at 11:30 am when no one showed or called.  I left several messages and finally heard back from a gentleman at about 1:30.  He could not explain what had happened but said he would make sure I had service Sunday morning prior to my event, even if he had to come out and do it himself.  He was to call me after 5:00 pm to confirm the time. I never received his call but did hear from a woman at about 9:00 pm.  She asked if they could send 3 Cleaners for 2 hours at 10:00 am the next morning (Sunday and the day of my event) I said that would be fine.Unfortunately, the same thing occurred - no show, no call.  I have left several messages but no call back.  After reading several Yelp reviews, this appears to be a pattern for this company.  There were several stories identical to my own posted.  One had indicated she was able to get a refund through Amazon.Local.  I followed up with them and  they (Amazon) will be posting a refund back to my credit card. Amazon was very helpful.
1	I too want to give Zero star.  Never show up.  No one pick up phone.  Nothing.  I purchased through Amazon local.  How to get my money back?
1	I bought a voucher and this place is very unprofessional. I feel like it's a single lady that has her number of her Cricket cell phone. Amazon was great and refunded my money with no issue but I really was looking forward to getting my house professionally cleaned...... Dont do It!
1	Run, don't walk, RUN from this company.  Non-responsive and completely inaccessible, I don't suspect these guys will stay in business long.
