3	I can't say that I am an expert on Indian foods, but I thought that aspects of this restaurant could have been better. The food was good but the service was poor. First of all, the waiters were sitting all of the people together by the windows on a rainy day. That would have been fine if the restaurant was full, but it wasn't. One group even had to asked to be sat somewhere else. We ordered our food and it was brought out in a timely manner. The food was tasteful, but nothing to call home about. The atmosphere of the restaurant was nice and the seats were roomy. When we got our check (there were two separate checks for four of us) they messed up who got what. It took three tries before they got it right. I would recommend trying it, as I would give it a second chance too.
3	Solid shish-kebabs, great entrees & ambience. A little pricey.
1	Second only to the out-of-business Rajput, this was the most disappointing Indian we'd had in Montreal.Only tried it because we had a group-buy coupon. We ordered a Bhoona and Aloo Ghobi.  Both were bland, the latter, even more so.  The side of  basmati rice was overcooked! - no excuse for a restaurant so pricey to be serving overcooked rice. Service was inattentive.  I noticed other diners waiting too long to have their orders taken & for the bill to come at the end.  The decor was really lacking also.  I'm sure the Old Montreal tourists are the only ones keeping this establishment in business.  Only positive thing I can say is that the music & views outside the windows were pleasant.
2	Not worth a longer review. Avoid, if possible...
3	Delicious indian food in Montreal. Lovely decor and located in Old Montreal. Expensive, but expected for the area.
1	I fell of my chair when I saw the words good service and nice decor mentioned in the reviews!!  Did I go to the same place I wonder?? The guy looked like we disturbed him when we arrived, told us half of the things we wanted to order were not available (hmm.. Why are they on the menu?..). Gave us the wrong dish after a long wait and then did not even bother to fill my glass of water. Run before you eat at this place. There was a reason why it was almost empty!!!
2	Little disappointment. Not an ideal restaurant on street like St Paul in Old Montreal... Overpriced as compared to what portions they serve and how their food tastes like. Don't get scammed by their upscale website and prime location.
1	What the F.....! Realllly....What the F.....! Its a disgrace to Indian food.... I am unable to figure out how come they are still in business.Please fella traveling friends help yourself....Maybe you are better off fasting then to give a try to this place.Giving One Star because I have to review.Service was horrible, Food was terrible.
