5	Drove by and saw the sign on the building and couldn't be happier to have this Authentic Cajun restaurant in my neighborhood after hearing it had closed in Phoenix.  We stopped for Lunch and had the Baby Kay's combo which was totally awesome nice and spicy.  Plus the Catfish dinner with Crawfish sauce which was melt in your mouth delicious.  If your an diehard Cajun cooking lover than this place is for you.  Super friendly staff told us about there plan to take over the next door store as well and a patio.   Nice to have another awesome food place in the area and nice to be the first on here to highly recommend it to everyone.
5	My wife and I are long time patrons of Baby Kay's.We were happy to see that they had reopened at last and had to visit.We had Po'boy sandwiches (pork, half shrimp and half catfish), a crab cake and some gumbo.The chicken and andouille sausage gumbo was as wonderful as ever.The crab cakes was delightfully spicy.The sandwiches wonderful with the same crunchy chips.We also took home some Bread Pudding which was splendid as usual.  All in all a fantastic visit.
5	I'M UPSET! Baby Kay's: WHERE do you get off serving gumbo that damn good?? How dare you. And the green olive cole slaw? You're just showing off. And then you have the nerve to play classic New Orleans music while I stuff my face, coming up for air strictly for survival purposes.And the bread pudding with the whiskey sauce?? My granny made bread pudding that I thought was the best in the world. Now I'm mad as hell at her. And she can't even defend herself, because she's dead.My whole world is shaken right now. In the best way possible. Kudos, Baby Kay. I love you.
2	A few of my boyfriends friends swears by this place. They say it's the best Cajun food they've ever had! Unfortunately my experience was a little different. Walking into the restaurant, I figured they would have change the decor from the previous restaurant/owner. I was wrong. Everything looked the same!The meal itself was not hitting the spot (I'm usually easy to please when it comes to food). We started with their crab cakes - green onions were overwhelming, salty, over seasoned, and too fried. I think crabs have a great natural taste that doesn't need to be masked by all the seasonings. We then decided to share the half fried oyster po boy and half seafood gumbo. The seafood gumbo wasn't anything special; a little too salty for my liking. The fried oyster in the po boy must have been old because it had a stench after biting into it and the texture was off. To be honest, we weren't feeling too good afterwards. Sad to say, but this place is one and done on our list.
2	Was not impressed with the food, We've ate at the one that use to be on Camelback and it was better. Our waiter/bartender spilled a glass of Ice tea all over me and I was not offered or given any discount for my meal. It was very uncomfortable eat with wet clothes on. Very unhappy and will not recommend this place. :(
5	Holy cow that was good! My whole team from work went in here today. I tried the friday morning special of fried chicken with onion sauce and then andoille sausage mac and cheese. So full and my mouth is still watering. 5 stars. Also had some lulu wings. incredible.
4	I haven't been exposed to too much Cajun dining but I was thoroughly impressed with my meal. I had the gumbo and the jambalaya, both chicken and sausage, and both tasted great. I like my food spicy and rarely do I have a meal I don't think about adding hot sauce and this was one, and not because of the heat but because of the flavor and heat!
5	This is the closest thing to NOLA you will find in this city.Everything they serve is good, the catfish, the etoufee, gumbo, jambalaya, you name it.The lunch specials are fantastic, try the seafood enchiladas on Tuesday.I can't believe I'm going to post this here because I don't like competition when it comes ot getting my order (they run out), but they have a crawfish boil on Wednesday night, it is AWESOME.I have friends who are from LA and they swear by this place.  I am new but a dedicated fan.If you don't like this place, you probably don't like this kind of food or you are just a weirdo.  Anyone who gave it less than 4 stars must be from the 70s because they are on ludes.
5	Great food, great bar, great server Kori. Keep it up Baby Kay's. The gumbo is delicious, the red beans and rice rock, the wings are to die for, and the fried chicken is second to none! Do yourself a favor and go get ya some!
3	Their catfish dinner with crawfish sauce is bomb! But we always come in large parties and that is always a problem for them to handle with the food and bills when we need them split.
4	What a great little place. The food and atmosphere were awesome (really enjoyed the music, made me feel like we were in New Orleans, or watching one of my favorite shows...miss you Treme). Our waiter was great and the serving portions were just right (the chicken and sausage gumbo was soooo tasty, and really digged the homemade chips). The only reason I did not give 5-stars is that I felt it was just a wee-bit pricy for lunch (but you will have to forgive me, as I am a bit of a bargain hunter).  We enjoyed our visit when they were located in Phoenix, and were very pleased to see that they relocated closer to home (our home of course). I am looking forward to their future expansion, which should allow for more seating as well as a more attractive bar area. (also thank you so much for cleansing my mind and body of our earlier horrible Coco's experience).
5	What can I say, I am a sucker for spicy Cajun food and Baby Kay's fits the bill.  It is great to have this in our hood.   Not five star dining, but the food is good and the Key Lime Pie is the bomb.
5	Now this is some good grub! Mom, my bf, and I came for lunch. After our meal my mom complimented me on choosing the restaurant and said we would have to come back. Mom and I both highly recommend the fried catfish. It is the best we ever had tasted. It melts in your mouth. Also, the fried oysters are a MUST. And of course, do not leave until you try the green olive cole slaw. I love my southern cookin'! Can't wait to return and have another bite of catfish!!
5	This is the best Cajun Food in Arizona.  While I would agree with other reviewers that the whole menu is top notch, I will add that the Crawfish Etouffee is shockingly authentic.  Even in New Orleans you will be hard pressed to find better Etouffee and Baby Kay's would impress any Yat.  I will be interested to see what the new location looks like when all the work is complete, but even the current setup still has a real New Orleans vibe.Recommendation: Visit at happy hour.  I have eaten at Baby Kay's for years and always eat off the dinner or po'boy menu, but happy hour is quite good.  The wings/etoufee/gumbo/sliders are perfect to go with your drinks and the portions are quite generous.  This is a great way to get a taste of NOLA.
4	Cajun delicious.  Enjoyed shrimp etoiffe seafood gumbo and chicken and sausage jambalaya. All was prepared well from recipes from original owner Kay. Wonderful service. Had crab cake. Would not recommend. I would recommend and will be back.
4	Enjoyed the catfish dinner the cornbread batter was light and not heavy on salt. They have a guitar/violin player who plays along with recorded music ala karaoke. He plays a good mix of instrumental music. Service was good and prompt. The only negative I had was the standard sauce that came with catfish was a horseradish very potent. Lucky there was a bottle of pepper sauce on table saved the evening.  There are additional sauces available but they cost extra. Green olive coleslaw was good. We will be back
5	Best Cajun food in the valley period!    The cajun combo is my meal of choice here - fantastic chicken and sausuge gumbo, crawfish etouffee, along with jambalaya how can you go wrong?  The seafood enchilada's are out of this world (usually served on Tuesday's).    One of my absolute favorite restaurants.   Great management and fantastic food!
5	I love this place. I live in San Diego and the first thing I do when I get off the plane in Phoenix is go here. They have the best catfish po boys I've ever had.
5	Now I am not a Cajun food expert but on a recommendation yesterday I stopped in to give it a shot. I ordered the shrimp and catfish por boy and the seafood gumbo (asked them to throw a little sausage in for kicks).  I tried the gumbo and the flavors were so rich and the seafood was cooked perfectly.  Sent the por boy with husband today for his lunch after slowly reheating it. I will let you know what he thinks later.  I will be back and strange as it sounds but it just might be today!!!!
4	Food was fabulous! Love Cajun if it's done properly (not trying!to impress w heat). Had the combo and that amazing cole slaw. Place Is very basic, but staff is very nice and efficient, and prices are reasonable. Loved the guy playing the guitar. Only minus - called ahead to get on the wait list. The guy who answered the phone took my name but didn't put us on the list.
5	We had the most wonderful birthday dinner at Baby Kay's, 2051 S. Dobson in Mesa, AZ, tonight for my birthday. I'm adding photos of Norma's lagniappe salad ("lagniappe" is a New Orleans word for a little extra, in this case Cajun sausage as well as bacon and a multitude of other goodies in the salad. I had Cajun fried catfish with a crawfish etouffe sauce, plus garlic toast and a choice of potato salad, olive cole slaw, or a side salad. I got a free dessert, sweet potato pie, lighter than more traditionally seasoned pumpkin pie, and Norma had key lime pie. A musician playing a fiddle and then a guitar to taped music was a delightful accompaniment, his New Orleans style songs adding so much to the background.
5	We have been going to Baby Kay's for over 25 years in its different locations.  So, when we saw that they had opened up at Dobson and Baseline in Mesa, we got very excited.  Well, guess what.  We were not disappointed.  Service was wonderful.  Owners there to greet and say thanks for coming.  Same people from 20th street and Camelback.AND the food was wonderful, still.  The GUMBO is to die for.  I am a fairly rough critic of food at restaurants and this is strictly first class.  Don't miss it.
5	Awesome Jambalaya and Seafood Gumbo.  Don't go to a chain for imitation, this is the real thing.  I was offered samples and took them up on.Ended up having 1/2 shrimp poboy and Seafood Gumbo with cole slaw.  Coworker with me had Combo platter with potato salad.Beers from Louisiana available.I travel to Scottsdale/Phx quite often and will be back for sure
2	Went to Baby Kay's on a Friday evening. There was a 30 minute wait.We ordered some hushpuppies for an appetizer. My wife ordered a 1/2 Oyster po-boy and gumbo and I orders the shrimp basket.The hushpuppies came out with a horseradish sauce and ketchup. The hushpuppies were ok, kind of like Long John Silver's hushpuiies. The horseradish sause was excellent though.The service this night was not very good. We waited almost 1 1/2 hours to get our entrees. The server steered clear of us most of the night, which made us angrier. If she would have communicated and offered a salad or something to tide us over, we would have understood.We finally get our food and it is average at best. My wife's po-boy and gumbo were cold. My shrimp basket had 8 measly shrimp on it. We were really hoping for better, especially after the wait.After our experience, we don't know how this place gets such good reviews.. food and service not good.
5	Amazing service and food. Very clean restaurant. I had the catfish and it was perfectly cooked. If you like Cajun food you will love this.  Awesome restaurant, highly recommend.
5	had a little free time and saw this was new to the area, not the valley but the area. lucked out and started with Lulus sweet and spicy Tabasco wings...unbelievable. and the main course was a Cajun Alfredo. delicious. my other diners were in love with their meals as well. it's slightly pricy but you pay for the great cuisine for sure. as a self proclaimed sucker for Cajun, this hit the spot. We will be back. definite.
5	I started out with their LuLu Wings (Amazing) Then went for the Cajun Combo and that was the perfect trio for Cajun food.
5	Yeah buddy! Just had Lulu wings and chicken and sausage gumbo with garlic bread for lunch. SO GOOD. THANK YOU!
5	If you want good Cajun food come to Baby Kays. I have been here multiple times, and enjoyed every meal from them. Lulus wingsHush PuppiesCrab cakesBoudin BallsGumbo (chicken & seafood)Catfish PoBoyCrawfish EtouffeeWe highly recommend Baby Kays
5	So glad a Cajun restaurant opened up in the old location with a much improved quality and menu. Tops for fast Cajun meals.
5	Tonight we visited Baby Kay's in Mesa, and took friends from Baton Rouge, Louisiana, (a true Cajun test). We shared a couple of real Cajun appetizers and four entrees and our Cajun friends said it was as good as you would get down on the bayou. An incredible experience that I would highly recommend. Great food, atmosphere and service by very friendly people. Can't wait to go back.
5	Love this place. They have specials everyday of the week my favorites are Monday Beer Battered Fried Shrimp special is spectacular. The dirty rice and craw fish sauce that accompany it are very tasty. I've also tried the Thursday Fried Chicken special and it's also very good. Overall, the quality of the food is excellent and the spices and flavors are delightful.
5	Baby Kay's has transformed the space previously occupied by Cajun Seafood Corner. Gone is the kitsch of 1980s New Orleans, to be pleasantly replaced with a more subtle and austere atmosphere reminscent of an underground jazz joint. The bar still features prominently at the front, but has a classy vibe. The restaurant has doubled it's space, adding enough tables to handle the Friday night crowd very well while leaving a good corner open for some live Jazz guitar. We started with a basket of hushpuppies served with ketchup and remoulade for dipping. We ordered a Cajun Combo, and Baby Kay's Combo. The olive slaw I received was cool, creamy, and crisp, topped with a blackening seasoning that I though overpowered it a bit. The gumbo was sniffle-inducing and wonderful, with a very earthy flavor and a good amount of meat in it. The crawfish etoufee was the highlight of my experience. Where I had expected minced meats, I found whole crawfish pieces (sans shell) that tasted sweet and fresh. The dish was full and flavorful, sweet but with a pleasant spice to it. I must admit that at this point, I had to surrender. I simply did not have enough room left for the jambalaya, which I am enjoying as I type this. Sticky and soft, I think it does not stand up against other's I've had. Overall, this restaurant offered great service even while busy, the atmosphere took me straight to Bourbon Street and left me wanting to return to tackle the rest of the menu, Po' Boys and some great dessert options. 5 out of 5 Fat Guy Points.
5	Yummy etoufee and gumbo! I'm in love with how delicious and reasonable the food is. Awesome live entertainment & specials. The service and atmosphere are very friendly and inviting. My kids even love it here...we'll be back...again and again.
5	Who would think in the desert we'd find the best, authentic Cajun/Creole restaurant?! Folks, this place is the REAL deal. The owners are straight from Louisiana; read their story. For an appetizer, we ordered the BBQ pulled pork sliders; they were perfect with a kick, but not too spicy. For dinner we shared a combination of dishes: the jambalaya, fried shrimp, seafood gumbo, sausage/chicken gumbo, and green olive coleslaw. The gumbo was pretty spicy but everything was insanely delicious...oh my, the flavors!! We ended with the bread pudding and best-I've-ever-had key lime pie. We didn't leave a crumb :)The atmosphere is nice with live jazz/blues music. I swear I closed my eyes for a second and thought I was in NOLA! 5 star service. All around great place. Will definitely be back :)
3	We would have gone 3.5 stars, the food was good, the service was really good. The food was a bit too spicy for me, but my husband thought it was pretty good. I asked if you can order it mild and was told not at this time. The atmosphere was good and there was live music!
4	Soooo close to home. I wanted to love it more. Good food. Great service. There was a shrimp appetizer in a horseradish sauce. Delicious. The waitress brought out extra dipping sauces and the fried cod was perfectly crisp.
3	service is erratic and rice is dense. expect at least 6 quirky service incidents, including temporarily stealing your credit card. make sure you call if you are running late from your reservation time or they will get testy. dude on violin adds to the charm of the sausage.
5	The food was fantastic, crab cakes, fried catfish the best I have had.  Sampler platter was amazing and good portion.  Very friendly staff.  Definitely in our rotation of places to eat.
5	This is where you want to be for authentic Cajun food and great atmosphere all while feeling like you're getting your money's worth when the check comes. Growing up in Louisiana, I was spoiled with great cooking. I always leave disappointed from places like Pappadeaux's. Way too much money for too little spice and too many tables crammed together.Baby Kay's feels like home. The ambience and food are spot on. More than worth the price.
