2	i feel that I was ripped off. My 7 year old locked herself in a bathroom with a skeleton key and couldn't get it unlocked by herself. After 30 minutes of trying to talk her through it I had her throw the key out of the 3rd floor window because I though I could unlock it through the hole on the hallway side. However, over the years the hole in the door did not match up with the lock mechanism anymore and I couldn't get the key to fit in the hole even after taking off the decorative plate. So I call a locksmith. He was there 10-15 minutes after I called so I know he wasn't far away. It took him 10 minutes to drill the hole bigger so the key could now fit. It cost me $200, $125 for the emergency call and $75 to unlock the door. I should have asked for a quote before having the work done but that would have felt petty considering that my daughter was crying on the other side of the door. I feel that they take advantage of the situation.
1	They got to our house very quickly however they were extremely expensive! My key broke off in the door. They tried to charge me $200.00 for all of about 10 minutes of work.
1	This company has many legal battles against them.  I wish I called a company with a descent reputation I thought closer to me would come sooner.  The girl on the phone said 20-25min.  It took 40 min.  They come in a white van thats says 24 hours on the side.  I asked the phone-girl if they took credit cards. She said Yes.  She sounded unprofessional and prolly used to a bunch calls from lawyers and other claims of lawssuits.   They explain some cars are harder to get into and then I thought $40.  They try to charge me 80+20+20 equals 120.  None of this was explained to me and he wanted cash.  I already confirmed the credit payment with the girl.  Thinking fast I should've asked for the quote 1st before they do any work.  Next time you see Mad City Locksmith just know they have used 10-20 different names and the owner was hauled into court for fake reviews  and Craiglist's ads.  I told them I would write a review and Better Business Burea(BBB) gave them a F rating.  To counteract all the fake reviews the owner wrote up.  His review went something like ("Yes they arrived on time and got me into my car, awesome.")Do your own research on the Web and consult Yelp.
