3	Lets start with a general, overall review for this pub - a conclusion at the beginning if you will.I can help but get the overall feeling that this pub is geared soley to male customers - it really does have a masculine vibe about it. Football, rugby, pool tables, a large range of beers, meat in almost every meal and air conditioning thats cold enough to make even the hardest of men shiver silently.That all said though, I dont dislike The Footlights - it has a charm that I am yet to find any where else, something that I cant quite put my finger on, but I like.
3	This is another bar I go to when I can't think of anywhere else around the area to go. Or otherwise when everywhere else around the area is too packed to breathe in. I mean, the bar's OK, but that's all it is. They haven't got much of a choice of ale, and though they do have pub food, I've never got there early enough to be served (because I've spent the whole time looking for somewhere with enough room for me to drink in with friends). I guess that's one of the advantages, though. It's huge so there's always room for a group of people. Also (and this is always an advantage): there're pool tables! Yes, I'm one of those people who sometimes decided a pint (or two) and game o' pool beat learning about Aesthetics. This doesn't mean I've had enough time to become good at it, but I still insist on making a fool of myself. Oh yes. So, if you're in many and all other places have failed you, this is a decent place to grab a drink. Do not go there expecting something spectacular, though.
3	A man pub for women? What? They play sports in here, sports fans. But it seems to be not very masculine. It's weird. The whole place felt a bit weird. I mean it's OK - they've got a couple of decent beers on and the food is passable. But it's just got a bit of an odd feel to it.Also, it felt a little touristy. I'm struggling to sum up my feelings for this place. It's OK, but I can see no reason to ever go there because there are so many other places that are better. Yeah, that's a fair assessment. Not cheap either.
3	This is a somewhat large place, with lots of space for sitting, standing, or moving around.  It seemed like it's made for heavy crowds, although it was lightly occupied when I visited.  The pool tables are a nice touch.  The food was very good -- the curry, in particular, was excellent, although it came with somewhat heavy, gourmet-ish (filled with herbs) naan, which I'd never had before and wasn't partial to.  The beers on tap were relatively uninteresting compared to other local pubs -- Scottish and foreign standards instead of anything unique and special.  (Okay, "uninteresting" if you're looking most for things you can't find easily at home, which I usually am.)  The staff was friendly, but the service was confused and inconsistent.  If not for the quality of the food -- the curry really was outstanding -- and friendliness of the staff in general, this would probably get only two stars from me.
3	We were lucky enough to go sit outside with our drinks as it was sunny and its a cool part of Edinburgh to people watch. The bar itself is OK, I used to come here a lot years ago with my acting buddies as its really close to the Lyceum and the Traverse. It does have a drama feel to the place..not only its name but also has the drama masks on the sign at the front.
