5	"The Callie" is a large, old, beautiful hotel in Edinburgh at the base of the extinct volcano that is the home of Edinburgh Castle.  Or so they tell me.  The hotel is an old building and the rooms are absolutely not all the same.  We ate breakfast at the hotel a few times and it was amazing.  Haggis, black pudding, white pudding... it was all here.  The only problem with this hotel is that it's expensive.  But if it's you've never stayed at the Caledonian before, be sure to do it at least once.
4	This 5 star Hilton is the nicest one I've stayed at in the UK, and I've been to ALOT of them. Conveniently plotted on princess st, the hotel used to be an old train station. The Decor and architecture is amazing and the massively tall ceilings in majority of the rooms makes you feel very short. even the hallways are large enough to drive a London city bus through. If you are lucky enough, or rich enough to take one of the premium deluxe rooms, you'll get a great view of the Edinburgh castle out the window. There are 2 restaurants and 2 lounges in the hotel. A 'casual' and another fine dinning restaurant gives agreat selection of fine cuisine by the amazing executive chef. The fine dining area is a fantastic room to be in. Their whisky lounge offers what seems to be every single whiskey known to human kind. The other bar is an American themed pub. Caledonian also offers a selection of different meeting spaces, however if you ever get the opportunity too book the Versailles room, do it. Only downside to it is that you probably wont get much meeting done from staring at the amazing mural all over the walls.
5	We stayed at the Caledonian for five days this past June.  A lovely, period hotel, very nicely refurbished, located in the center of all the major museums, castles, fine restaurants and other attractions of Edinburgh.  Yet quiet and refined, with a sense of Victorian composure.The concierge desk stands out.  They recommended a restaurant our first night that was superb, and continued to give us great recommendations throughout our visit.  We wanted to see if my husband could get on the Old Course at St. Andrews, and voila, they pulled up the starting schedule for the next day on their computer, ascertained a time that would work, and gave my husband instructions about how to proceed.  Everything worked perfectly, and my husband was delighted by his round of golf on the world's oldest course with three hospitable Scottish duffers (even if we had to start from Edinburgh on the train to St. Andrews at 5 am!).We had one mildly sub-par experience with service in the restaurant.  The hotel management sent us an email questionnaire as soon as we returned home, and in responding I mentioned this experience.  I received a personal reply from the hotel manager immediately, who said he would address the issue, and thanked me for praising the concierge staff.This is total quality management at work.A very enjoyable stay, all the way around, and I would recommend this hotel.  High cost can be mitigated by booking well in advance, and looking for the best rates available.  One factor to consider - discount rates sometimes produce smaller rooms or rooms with less desirable views, but that's more than offset by the location and quality of this hotel.
4	Beautiful and with a lot of history!  Perfect location, great service, and spacious rooms (I had a single queen, with a view of the castle from my bedroom).
5	Ornate, historic, luxurious and beautiful hotel - it's in walking distance to plenty of attractions you'll want to see while visiting Edinburgh.Staff were very nice to deal with, the Hilton breakfast was as good as expected (vegetarian sausage!), and the rooms were nicely appointed. The only comment I have is that even though the rooms are carpeted, this doesn't mask the slight creaking wooden floors beneath.Conveniently located about a twenty minute walk from the Edinburgh Waverley rail station - it's a nice stroll to and from the hotel along Princes Street.
5	Full of character and a beautiful hotel.I really like the bar too and would frequent more often if it wasn't so expensive!
5	I stayed here on my second trip to Edinburgh and specifically picked this hotel because of its location, which is ideally positioned conveniently near the New Town's restaurants and shopping, the historic Grass Market and even the Edinburgh Conference Center in case you're traveling for business.  The Callie (as my cab driver affectionately called it), is also next door to the Ghillie Dhu, a special pub that I visited on my last trip, which has live music all week.  My deluxe room was enormous by hotel standards. The furnishings were modern with Scottish elements like beautiful roughspun wool drapes and gold and black thistle wallpaper, which added to the charm.  You can't overlook the bed, and it was exceptionally comfortable, allowing me three peaceful nights of sleep.  The staff is professional and friendly. I would recommend staying here whatever the occasion for your trip, whether business, family travel or romantic, and add that the buffet breakfast is better than most but the WiFi is outrageously expensive at around 15GBP per 24 hrs.
2	Festival season in Edinburgh is not the best time to find a quiet cafe or bar in the West End.Usually, I pop into the Caley Hilton to grab a coffee or a quick drink - the prices are actually comparable to other bars in that area, like The Rutland or Hudsons. I'd been in a few times before, visits I would have given probably 4 stars.On this occassion, however, the list of issues just kept growing.The menu on my table was an old one, which hadn't been replaced.  Fair enough, if what I had chosen from that menu isn't available, I'll choose something else.Having chosen, the waiter goes to check if they make it.They do.  Having ordered soup, I order a side of something a little more substantial.He'll go and check if they have those (it was on the new menu).He comes back.  He takes my wine order.He comes back.  What type of wine was it that I wanted?He brings me a glass of red. Waiting for my order is lessened by the fact that I have brought work with me to do, but after 30 minutes waiting for soup and a small side, it's starting to get laughable.Eventually, my soup arrives and it's not what he told me it was.  It was susposed to be sweet potato and it's very definitely parsnip.  I have no aversion to parsnip and I've got about 15 minutes until the person I am meeting in relation to the work is turning up, so I just eat it.  I need something in addition to the wine!The side has been turned from a good scottish option to a fusion food nightmare....haggis balls in an asian steamer?  Seriously?The whole meal is a special kind of bland awful and the service makes Fawlty Towers look like good customer service.By the time company joins me, I'm still waiting for my change from paying the bill.  If they think I'm tipping a ridiculous amount for that experience, they are sorely mistaken.Eventually, not only is there no wait staff to ask if we want more drinks, but I have to go and ask for my change and a receipt.I'm sorely disappointed as I had previously spoken highly of the Caley Hilton and how it was usually an oasis away from the Christmas shopping or Festival crowds.I like trying to find positives in everything but, even trying to justify it as Festival time when staff are likely to be stretched, the standard was still appalling.Very very disappointed, Hilton!
5	I liked this Hilton a lot. It was under major construction during the time I was there which was early July 2012. The lobby, bar and other first floor areas were being worked on most of the time I was there but it was absolutely no bother. The building is ancient and has a royal stately sort of feel. I got a suite upgrade due to my Hilton status and it was large and beautiful. The service was excellent. The staff were friendly in a genuine way and were very helpful with anything you needed. The breakfast was also well done with a big selection. If I visit Edinburgh again, I will surely stay here again.
3	My husband and I stayed at the Caledonian for our honeymoon.The Good- The staff were very nice, especially the doormen.- The location is excellent! You're right next to Prince's Street Garden, you have a great view of the castle and a graveyard, and there are lots of nearby spots.- The air conditioning is perfectly icy and you can control your own thermostat.- Our room was very spacious.The Bad- The king size bed had comfortable sheets but was soooo uncomfortable. So much so, that we ordered a second comforter to try to add some cushion.- The room service is too pricey for what it is. We only ordered room service when we first arrived and were too jet lagged to venture out for sustenance.- The floors are creaky, which makes it feel quaint and old, but also rickety.- The carpeting seems musty and dirty in the halls.- The two showers (yes, there were two) both leaked water all over the bathroom floor. There was no getting around it, so we went through an abnormal amount of towels.- The pressure sensitive fridge has no room for storing your own food. We were there for a week and would have liked to be able to bring leftovers back or store some snacks.
3	(This is now The Waldorf Caledonian . . . or "The Caledonian: A Waldorf-Astoria Hotel," depending on where you look.)  An old and musty though nice and elegant hotel.  The hotel is showing its age, but renovations are underway.  (Which, unfortunately, is why I can't speak to the fitness center or pool.  Timing is everything...)  There's plenty of weathered, well-carved, polished or painted wood around you in the rooms and large hallways (the latter often with loudly creaking floorboards).  The rooms themselves are good-sized and have modern bathrooms.  Even the more 'public' bathrooms in the hallways near the conference rooms are kept very clean.  What I mentally termed the "Great Room" on the main floor looks like a former outdoor courtyard that has been enclosed and covered with a large skylight -- it's beautiful and very comfortable for resting in the evening.The staff is wonderfully friendly, knowledgeable, and efficient; especially the lobby staff at the front desk and the concierge.  Also, the hotel's outstanding location is within easy walk of many sights, food and drink options, and transportation.
