5	Choices Pub and Show Room is the perfect escape from your average Vegas local bar.  Friendly, family oriented staff, GREAT food, nickel to dollar gaming, live music from local musicians, sports shown on multiple flat screen TVs, comedy nights, and daily/nightly drink and food specials!  The bar and restaurant are both clean and neat, and the atmosphere is friendly and "cozy"!  No drama, no fights, just good times and fun!
4	Our server, Jenny Lee, never let our beers get below 20%. For this I love her. Good Comedy show and separate rooms for different vibes.
2	Not so sure about this place...I don't want to necessary sit here and spew a bunch of bad things about the bar as it wasn't the worst experience I have ever had and I just don't think it was exactly what I was looking for in regards to environment.  I was intending on going out for my birthday to have drinks, play some foosball, darts, and I saw that they had Wii, I thought, well this could be fun.  Live bands and some games, what could be better!  Well, I don't know about all that.  There were apparently four different live bands that were heading up the evening and they were supposed to start at 9; I figured, well prob like 915-920 because now and then everyone has issues and runs late.  So, my buddy and I show up at 9 and don't hear the band playing, I thought okay, whatever- I figured, right?  So I play, I got quick service from the bartender which was nice, and they comp'd as I was playing, so good there as well.  Now it's time for darts, sadly the machines were older so they didn't take dollars (bring your quarters! Or do what I did) so, I went to the bar and got some change.  By now it's about 930 ( the band started a song, stopped, started again, stopped, and did that like 4 times, then played for a minute, then stopped) they all walked outside.... I started scratching my head wondering If they actually started really early and that was it or it was a test or something...   Suddenly band members start coming in and dropping off equipment, they have now commandeered the entire play section, so that meant no Beer Pong, no Foosball, No Wii, no Darts so now all I had to look forward to was the band...Anyhow, flash forward to 10, still no live bands.  A couple more of my friends showed up and the one went to ask if they were playing, because if not, we were leaving- she said well yeah I think that they are supposed to start now (@ 10pm she said) so just hang around, don't leave.  Okay.... We waited... Yikes! 1030 rolls around and STILL nothing.  At this point I'm ready to bounce and go somewhere actually entertaining for my birthday.  FINALLY right as I'm telling everyone lets go, that band that left came back on stage, and they started to play.  Well the band was good, the singer not so much for what they were playing, she could have been excellent in something more jazzy or slow, she forced her voice too high for these songs..  Okay okay. I'm no freaking Simon Cowel, I don't know why I'm starting to critic her singing (sorry, habit!) Anyhow, I wasn't feeling this band AT ALL, none of my group of 6 was ( the play area was gone) so we all decided to leave and hit up another place.  I'm sad that it wasn't great because their website seriously makes it seem like the bomb digitty, I think with angle shots and some photo shop on lighting effects they make this place look nothing like what it actually looks like.  I must say that I was highly disappointed in this first visit, but I won't strike it off my radar, and might even increase the stars on my visit next time around if it is better.  They seem to have a local fan base, so maybe in a couple months I'll come back in and give it a try.  But for now, I can't give it more than what it gave me.  P.S.  What in Shinola is in the back room by the bathrooms - all I saw was a dark curtain, a very butch bouncer and a weird lighting scene back there.  Very intrigued!
3	I have been in Choices a couple of times and it looks like it has the potential to be a lot of fun.  There is a stage.  There is a small game area.  They have a restaurant.  They have a great selection of beer at a good price.  Unfortunately I have only had the pleasure of enjoying the beer thus far.  I am usually arriving and departing before the fun really begins.  I have had some fun there.  Shared a few laughs with the bar tenders.  One named Jenny Lee (apologies if I got that wrong).  One young guy from SoCal (me too) who showed me a magic trick that is sure to amaze a drunken patron.  I was not drunk at the time so the trick lost some of its glamour.  The point is, this place treats you like family.  They are friendly and accomodating to all.  I even saw a church group meeting there.  Not really in the bar.  More in the restaurant.  Still, it was nice to see that even the religious types are not afraid to go into this little unassuming place.  I have to get there one night when the entertainment begins.  Perhaps then, with the full experience under my belt, I will be able to boost my rating a star or two.
2	Went in to see a friend to stand up comedy.Bartender was friendly but they lacked certain spirits like Jack Daniels honey or Wild Turkey honey and the bartender only knew how to make drinks only containing two ingredients.  Not as "up to date" as I would have liked to see.
