5	Busy on weekends but the line of cars moves relatively fast. The $3 car wash cleans really good. But you get the free wipe and airfreshener if you purchase one of the more expensive options.They also have many free vaccum stations, so there is never a wait.
1	Be aware it is at your own risk! I went through this car wash and sustained damages to the driver side mirror on my truck. One of the attendants looked over the damaged mirror and said they are denying the claim because of previous damages. I asked what "previous damages" was he referring too? There are scratches that were there before you went through to car wash, he said. I asked the great detective how scratches from a camping trip three 3 years ago was the reason your machine damaged my mirror? I did not get a reply, just referred me to the corporate office. At this point, its pretty obvious they are looking for any reason to get out of their responsibility. After faxing a claim, leaving 2 voice mails I finally got a call back from a manager well over a week later. He said that they wash thousands of cars a week and have no incidents so there is no way their machines caused said damages. Its probably due to my truck being a 2003 and has old worn out parts ready to break. But since customer service is so very important to him he will give me a $50 credit to Autozone toward a replacement. The cheapest I have found the mirror for is $350. So know that going through this car is at your own risk. It most certainly cost me way more than $3
1	Paid for a car wash, left with damage to the car in a dirty windshield!! Asked the manager Jason Zane for a rewash and he said no way. My car is almost as dirty as it was when I pulled in. Save Your time and money do not stop at this location!!!!!
3	I wanted to wash and vacuum my car early one morning, so I was happy to see that this location opens at 7:30am. There are four or five washes to choose from. I went with the $10 wash and durning the transaction I was given the option to purchase a second wash for future use for $6. The wash I chose came with a chamois and air freshener.The wash itself was quick and thorough and did a decent job. I had the tire treatment done which I now regret because there are spots all on the plastic trim under the doors. I will pass on that next time. The blow dryers are super strong but you will still need to dry water spots off when you are finished.There are a number of vacuums to choose from and work well. This will probably be my go to place for car washes when I don't want to pay to have it detailed, I'll just choose a different wash next time.
4	Good place to go to for a quick wash and there are free vacuums!It was finally about that time I got my car washed since the peak of haboob season is over. I pulled in and talked to a very friendly attendant who explained their special and suggested just doing the $10 wash without the hot wax. It's been over 2 months since my last wash so I went with it. I got my free air freshener and wet chamois wipe and sat through the wash. Pretty good wash, removed most of the dirt on my car and a majority of the grime on my rims and a nice spray of tire shine. I made my way to the vacuums and it was easy to clean up the car. Appropriate trash can placements and the vacuum hoses were convenient in length.Pretty good price for a decent wash, plus the location is convenient.
1	Beware this place - especially if you overlook the reviews where people are citing damage to their vehicles.  Believe them.I had an incident on my first try of this place - where my brand new car was sent smashing into the rear of the car ahead of me.  However it happened, the car ahead of me came off the guide rails and then the belt system kept pushing my car into the rear of the car that was stuck.  After what seemed like 30 seconds of honking my horn, someone finally realized what had happened, hit the emergency stop button and got us out of there.  The manager on site - who didn't offer up his name, nor had a name tag - immediately put blame on the driver ahead of me and refused to accept any responsibility.  Fortunately, no outward visible damage to my new car - and despite all of this, the wash didn't do a very decent job as it was.  (missed large areas on the rear of my vehicle).To the manager's credit - he did offer to run me through again - but after an experience like this on my first time, no way I'm taking that risk.  Especially knowing they don't stand behind their own equipment.To me, it seemed like the operator was not leaving enough space in-between vehicles and keep cramming us on the belt.Use this place at your own risk and know the owner will not accept any responsibility for their equipment malfunctioning.  If you look at the reviews here you'll clearly see that others have complained about damage.  Its not worth the risk to try it anyhow if you value your car.Also - this is not a $3 car wash in any way - not that I seriously expected it, but be prepared to put out $10-$15 or more for this '$3 car wash'.
