4	This was surprisingly good for being in the food court of the outlet mall. it reminded me of canes chicken fingers. They had Texas toast that was not as good as canes because canes puts garlic on the toast.Fingers were good,coleslaw was good, and there mashed potato bowls were great too.They had the coolest soda machine with as many drink options as sonic!!
5	Everytime I go here , the place is usually packed.  At first I was a bit hesitant; thinking it was just like Cane's, but it actually can stand its own!  I've came here on numerous occasions for lunch and they are always on-point with their service.  On top of that, they have never messed up my order or change.  I know it may sound simple, but seriously fast food joints always seem to mess up my order/change some how or another.  No complaints here.. I definitely would recommend!Pros: * Located conveniently inside South Premium Outlets (formerly Belz) * awesome soda machine with over 100 flavor combinations! * Excellent customer service. * huge portions * Grandma's Sauce is bomb!Cons: * the wait is a bit longer than your typical fast food, but its made to order Tips: * Try Peach flavor Sprite... Yum ! * Don't forget Grandma's sauce.  It's a must! * They have specials all the time just look out for the sign on the counter.Verdict:  The idea is similar to Cane's, but all together has a different taste.  I can't decide which one I like better.  Chicken Now has Chicken tenders, Chicken Taco Salad, Wings, and even a Chicken/Mash potato bowl.  Everything I've tried here is really good.  I love their fries and the service is far better than your typical fast food place.  To me that's a 5 stars.  I don't really have any complaints.  It's a little pricey, but in comparison to Cane's, it's pretty much the same.
5	I LOVE this place. Partly because they use local ingredients whenever they can and partly because their mashed potatoes and french fries are delish. Also, you must try the taco salad. I get mine without chicken, but I'm sure it tastes good both ways.
2	Saw this place in the food court and had to give it a go since it was the most legit place in the food court. Well, Chicken Now was like a rip off of Raising Canes! They even have a special sauce, that looks and tastes just like Canes. I ordered the chicken finger combo. It came with fries and a piece of texas toast on the side-- just like Canes! I was not impressed, I would much rather have Raising Canes any day over Chicken Now.A few things make Chicken Now kind of cool (but not cool enough) is the loud hip hop music that they bump in the food court, they have kool-aid on the menu and they even have chicken and waffles! -- but still. it does not compare. Sorry Chicken Now, I wouldnt want you "now" or "ever again". oooh burn, see what i did there?
4	Definitely the best option at the foot court in this mall hands down. The chicken tenders tastes like real chicken unlike other chicken tenders offered at other fast food places. It doesn't have the mass produced taste to it. Plus they have an awesome soda machine where you can get any flavor combo with Coke Zero, for example. I settled for a Vanille Coke Zero (I could've gotten raspberry, but that doesn't sound like it would taste good) which tasted great.
4	Now that's some good chicken! But just get the chicken strips. Not that the wrap or the nachos were bad, but they seemed to take away from the deliciousness of the simple chicken.Another note: holy hell, it took a long time to get our meal. Not my definition of fast food.
3	the only reason why i came here was because there wasnt really that many choice of what to eat inside the LV premium outlet. anyways, i got their original chicken burger with fries for about $5.41 (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chicken-now-las-vegas?select=TqjALenSZhFPbI_CXk-uYA#TqjALenSZhFPbI_CXk-uYA). their chicken was okay, taste like a regular fried chicken and nothing special. i only ate one bite and let my brother finished the rest.. the fries was pretty good and crispy.. it taste more like homemade fries than fastfood fries.. they also have some sauces selection for you to choose from.. you can dip ur fries into these sauces to make it taste better. but its definitely not a memorable meal..
3	Yelp 100 Challenge * 71/1003.7, let's put it at that Setting the math aside, why don't I give you two reasons to try chicken now. 1) The sauces 2) The sides. My parents took me to the outlet mall on Memorial Day to eye some good deals. For some reason, I wasn't too keen on rummaging through the much-ballyhooed sales that day and felt my legs giving in early. So I patiently waited for them at the food court. Mommy came finally came out of one of the shops and told me about how she and Papa liked Chicken Now for their plantains and chicken strips. Knowing me, I had no qualms about trying something new so we got the 4 piece chicken tenders with two sides - french fries and plantains. They were ready in just about 5 minutes and served with honey mustard sauce (it might've been the 'Grandma Sauce' everyone's been talking about, not entirely sure) and another spicier one (chipotle, perhaps?) They all complimented each other well and the plantains were cooked just right - no dripping oil, not bland either. Staff were friendly and cool too. Great pick and thanks to my parents.
3	Yummy! I liked the buffalo chicken wrap with spicy ranch dressing you get it on the side...!
5	Great chicken...closest thing to Chick Fil-A you can get in Las Vegas!  A little annoying with the cashiers screaming out "welcome Chicken Now want sample!?!"  I was in the middle of ordering and I guess some people walked by behind me and she stopped to scream this at them with a toothpick of chicken pieces.  BUT, every other restaurant in this food court was doing the same thing so I didn't hate on it too much.  The sauce is great, breading is great, French fries are seasoned and crispy, and Plantains sides is delightful.  Last good thing is the new Coca-Cola machine with the 1000+ flavor combos...always a good finisher for a restaurant in my eyes!
5	This place know how to make some damn good food!! Good quality juicy chicken. Fries r nice and crispy.
3	Chicken Now is ok. WIth such an expensive food court, you really can't complain about the sort of food/price Chicken Now sells at.Their tenders are pretty good and crispy but they don't give you a lot of it with any meal.My suggestion is just to purchase only the tenders since nothing else is really THAT good there.
4	This place is pretty gooood! It's like, the ghetto version of Raising Cane's! Hahaha but it's still good. I swear... Their chicken is the same, the fries are good and crispy, and the Texas Toast is buttery. To be honest though, Raising Cane's is better when it comes to the toast ;pThey also have their special sauces! Almost like Cane's sauce! It's crazy! They have a spicy and a non-spicy. I prefer the spicy sauce because it enhances the flavor of the chicken, fries & most especially the toast. I paid $9.72 for a 4 piece tender box. It came with 4 pieces of chicken and two sides. I enjoyed it!
3	i would've given this place a higher rating...but how come a chicken sandwich that would cost $3.99 elsewhere, cost $6.49 at this place?
