4	This week I've been on the hunt for a pair of jeans that fit me well, as I seem to be in a weird body shape right now.  My boyfriend suggested I try the Curve line from Levi's.  Thankfully, this location has them.After I walked in, a gentleman employee came & of course saw the confused look on my face.  I explained to him my dilemma (which felt kinda weird talking to a man about my body shape, but I digress).  He whips out this measuring tape tool & began measuring me (again, felt a little uncomfortable, but we're both adults).  He exclaims "you're a demi curve or bold".  So he walks me over to the stacks & stacks of jeans & begins pulling out 3 different sizes for me to try on.  This guy was VERY knowledgeable about these jeans & gave me all the details & perks on this line.  Unfortunately, after 8 different pairs in sizes & washes, I was rejected for every pair. Maybe this jean isn't made for my type? :DStill, the employee was not defeated. He said I should look on Levi's website for another fit (unfortunately) they don't carry in the store. This gentleman, as well as the other employees here were very nice, helpful & friendly to me & the other customers.The store is neat & organized - which is a plus to me, given it's a clothing & jean store.  The prices are reasonable too, signaling a TRUE outlet store.
4	Who isn't in the market for a pair of Levis 511's these day? (Ahem, skinny jeans, to the lay jean wearer) The Levis Outlet in Concord Mills Mall is a hipster haven and the premier place to score denim gold. First, you're dealing with Concord FREAKING Mills, so park where you're comfortable. The store is located on the backside of the mall and is most likely easiest to access near Burlington Coat Factory or Bass Pro. Just a little FYI. You'll always find a ton of items on sale and on even more of a super sale. Every time I've gone in to buy a pair of jeans, I've never paid more than $35 a pair. Tons of other denim/trendy fashion mise en place. Hats, belts, scarves, wallets, ninja stars (not really). Everything but the kitchen sink. Can't go wrong if you're looking to score a plaid shirt, fedora and new pair of skinny jeans. The staff here is always on their toes. Never will there be a second where you'll feel lost. Always prompting you with sizes, recommendations and direction on where to go/find what you need/want. Knowledgeable dudes and dudettes. They may come off as "pushy" at times, so be prepared. This is the only place I'll buy Levis. Though a hike up I-85, worth the savings and kickass jeans every time.
4	This was like my third visit in this store and the employees are real helpful.  This is the only Levi store in Charlotte I'm pretty sure so its nice to know that the employees are nice and helpful.
