4	We don't have Fry's back home in Pittsburgh, so this was a new place for me . Pretty much its an average grocery chain store, except they have a sister store with some nicer thing's, Fry's Marketplace. You have to get one of the "Fry's Club" cards if you want to save any money. I hate those cards, it means they jack up the prices and then offer you the real price if you had the card, ugh. Same scam everywhere. So when I do shop there, I generally only buy items that are on sale to club members and/or I might have some coupons too, from the Sunday paper. The last time I shopped there I got about $240 in grocery's and paid $160, what a savings just by using the card :D
3	When I was told we were going to Fry's, I thought we were going shopping for electronics (http://www.frys.com/).  So I was surprised when we ended up at a grocery store.  We were there specifically to get wine for our hosts for the weekend.  I was impressed with their selection and prices - very similar to what I am accustomed to.  I ended up finding a very reasonable Sauvignon Blanc that I will be stocking up back home for a daily drinking wine.
3	Ahhhhh Ghetto Fry's.  This is where I used to buy sandwiches with change when I was super broke using the self-checkout kiosks.  Just recently, I had a bunch of change to redeem and I thought of places to hit up a Coinstar.  "Ghetto Fry's," I decided.This place is very, very strange.  I remember walking in one time and everyone looked scared.  I don't know how to explain it, but everyone sort of stopped what they were doing and looked at me with these blank expressions and I wondered to myself what was going on.  Was the place getting robbed or something?  Suddenly, someone screamed and someone else yelled out, "There it is!"  That's when I saw a manager chasing a bird with a broom.  The bird had knocked some shit off of some shelfs and caused quite a commotion.If I had a nickel for every time I came into this Fry's location either drunk, stoned or both, I'd have enough money to buy myself and three of my closest friends Flinstone's Push-Pops.The cashiers and the managers are all nice, but rest assured, if you shop here, you will encounter mutants.  And I do mean mutants.  The store itself is actually sort of depressing.  There are definitely normal people who shop here, like college kids and stuff but it seems like the place sort of wallows in its own self-pity.  If you shop here enough times, you WILL see someone in a motorized wheelchair absolutely furious with a cashier that they cannot buy alcohol with an EBT card.It does the job, though.  If you live around here, their produce is fresh, they have good prices and you can get in and out relatively quickly because it's laid out pretty nicely.
4	Looking good after that facelift, Fry's. Hubba Hubba ;)
4	This Fry's location is beautiful.  I can't believe how much effort was put into the decor...very impressive.  It is clean and streamlined.  Even though, I don't eat meat, my friend and I picked up some apricot rotisserie chicken and fried chicken for a gathering and it was a hit!  They also have a nice selection of desserts.
3	The store as a whole...BIG.The deli...not so happy.The produce...lots of it, pricey unless you have a store card.The meat...eeh.Canned goods and dairy...I can do a better job at Grocery Outlet in Glendale.There is something to be said about convenience...it is 1/2 mile from home and the beer I prefer is at a decent price here.On going to the deli after work (7 PM), I was given dried out chicken wings without bones...dried out to the point chewing the breading was painful.  The 'bone in' chicken wings were better...tho it was the breading that made them look larger than life.The wing sauce...4 outta 10 spicy.  The honey chipotle, which was touted as hotter...not so.  Once I get beyond the convenience factor, I will plan my 'significant shopping' at the Grocery Outlet.
1	Not anymore.20 minutes to check out, as only the self-checkouts were open and available.  5 people cruising around in front of the closed "person-operated" registers but no manned register opened for over 15 minutes.   25 people waiting in line behind 6 who were at the self-checkout?WTF?  It's Sunday evening, too many people in line and whomever is in charge does not have someone open a register?By the time I got to the self-checkout, the ice cream I came to get was pretty much a waste.  I paid for milk, OJ and broccoli, but left the ice cream.While you are the closest to home, you are CERTAINLY not the best.  You have lost my business.
4	Being from Cali the only Fry's we have is a Electronic Store. However Fry's in AZ is like an Albertsons or Ralps. Luckily i made it on Thanksgiving Day 10 minutes before they closed to pick up some pies to bring to our Thanksgiving dinner. Place was hectic, but i expected nothing less shopping for something last minute on a holiday.
1	I have been going here for awhile now and I think im going to stop. The "cooked" chickens coming out of their deli are sometimes completely raw on the inside and on more than one occasion i've bought their overpriced strawberries only to discover that the ones i couldnt see from the outside where completely rotten and covered in white mold. It doesn't happen all that often but seriously, Im paying money just to throw food in the trash because they dont know how to run a supermarket, disgusting.
4	Pretty standard grocery store. I do think it's super cool they sell potted herbs and other plants!The service though was great, everyone I talked with was very friendly!Also their point system, is actually reasonable! You know instead of 10,000,000 points equally a dollar, they are worth a reasonable amount! And fuel points! Live that I get fuel points for every prescription I pick up!!
