5	After looking through thousands of pictures from TONS of photographers, my fiancee (and now husband) and I decided on Chadwick for his extemely creative style, and the way he seemed to capture the different feels of each wedding. So we expected the photos to be amazing. And oh. my. gosh. I've heard "these look like they are straight out of a magazine!" from about 98% of the people who have seen them. Okay, so I said I expected them to be awesome. What I didn't expect, however, was how incredibly personal he was about everything. He took the time to get a good feel of my husband and I, and captured our "us" to a TEE! Looking back at the photos, I don't even remember seeing him there, he was so discreet, not like the photographers you see flailing themselves all over the place rudely in front of everyone. I felt like he cared as much about my day as I did!I would recommend Chadwick to anyone. He's very professional, talented, and just an all around kind-hearted person.
5	An amazing photographer that does not do the typical or mundane. I have had the honor and privilege to not only work with Chadwick, but also witness the art he produces. If I could have had his eye behind the camera at my wedding I would have jumped on it. You will not be disappointed, I promise!!
5	Chadwick did our wedding this past August at Lake Powell Resort (traveling 5 hours from Phoenix), and we were blown away with how amazing our photos turned out!  Not only was he priced very reasonably, but he was fun and easy to work with and the photos were fantastic! I am so glad that we have such beautiful pictures to capture and remember one of the biggest days of our lives together! =)Seriously -- Whoohoo! As good as it gets!
5	The Modern Wedding Scenes team handled my photo shoot on location in Cholla Bay, Mexico. Chadwick and his staff, helped put us at ease in front of the camera and took the time to listen to what we really wanted to commemorate the moment, plus added suggestions that were invaluable.  The result is a set of photographs we will remember forever that truly captured the moment. If you are need a wedding photographer or a photographer to capture an important moment in time, Chadwick Fowler and Modern Wedding Scenes are your guys.
5	There are some great wedding photographers in the Phoenix area, but Chadwick is in a class all his own.  From start to finish, Chadwick was great!  He worked with us to create a custom package tailored to fit our needs and budget.  He was prompt in answering e-mails, and the day of the wedding he arrived at our venue a few minutes ahead of schedule to begin working his magic.  Not only did he have great ideas for poses, but he caught the most amazing candid shots, many of which turned out to be our favorites! He was an absolute pleasure to work with, and his professionalism and friendliness impressed everyone in attendance! Chadwick went above and beyond and captured beautiful memories for us to cherish always.  THANK YOU!
5	Hiring Chadwick Fowler at Modern Wedding Scenes ended up being the best decision we made for our wedding. The photography and video was especially important to my husband and I so we were pretty picky about selecting who would be taking the pictures. Chad was not only the first person to call us back, but also to be flexible on what we could include in our budget. He is professional, personable and fun to be around. His talent is comparable to the photographers and videographers that tried to charge us three times as much for the same services. He takes his craft incredibly seriously right down to the detail he puts into editing. I am floored by how meticulous and specific he is while shooting. I've looked through the pictures a handful of times already and only have a small portion of the video that is ready for viewing, but still get a little choked up! He precisely captured the story of our big day along with every smile, laugh, and tear that went into it. The only bad part of the whole experience is narrowing down which pictures I want in the album.. I love them all too much!Please check out our video (although it's just the trailer for now) and our album!http://vimeo.com/39732128http://modernweddingscenes.zenfolio.com/arriagawedding(password is: arriaga)
5	Chadwick Fowler was our FAVORITE wedding 'vendor' and we are SO HAPPY we chose him as our photographer.  His work is amazing, vibrant and artistic. Also he is very personable and really knows what he's doing!!  I really recommend him because you can completely relax and know you are in good hands and that's so important on your wedding day!  Can't say enough good things about him... check out his work and webpage bc they speak for themselves!  Thank you Chadwick for capturing our wedding memories and being a joy to work with! You are awesome! Lov, Ken & Juls
5	Stop your search, you have found the best! Chadwick took our engagement photos in Cholla Bay, Mexico and did a phenomenal job. He gave wonderful direction that translated into gorgeous photos that actually capture "us" not staged poses. He is easy to work with and helped even my shy husband out of his shell, not an easy task! Thank you for everything Chadwick, we can't wait to find an excuse to use you again!
4	Love our photos!  They are beautiful and captured some awesome moments from one of the best days...ever!  Chadwick and his team were professional, on time and really creative.  My husband and I wish we could do it all over again...not the planning but of course the celebrating with all our loved ones.  We went to Papago park before the ceremony to get most of the photos out of the way and they turned out fantastic.  Chadwick and his team blended right in to our party and even set up a slide show of the photos taken before the ceremony for our guests to enjoy which was super cool! We can't wait to get our wedding album from him and would definitely recommend his services for your special moments.  Definitely don't pass up the chance to work with Chadwick and his team.
5	Chadwick is a fantastic photographer. He's professional, fun, kind and a blast to have at a wedding. He loves what he does and it shows in his attitude as well as the beautiful images you'll get of your wedding. I highly recommend him for your big day.
5	Not only is he amazing with his wedding clients, but he is a joy to work for.  He loves his work and enjoys his clients.  There is no other place he would rather be than photographing your wedding day.   I look forward to working with Chadwick again.
5	I worked for Chadwick as a filmmaker/video editor for Modern Wedding Scenes. He's an amazing person, he cares, and he's always focused on what's next and what we can all do better. Most importantly, he's fun and has fun while doing it. He's very talented and know what he's doing when it comes to wedding photography and filmmaking. If you're looking for the best photographer in the valley, and you wanna have some fun while making great photographic art, hire Chadwick. Simple. He goes above and beyond to make sure you're happy, because like I said, he cares.
5	Chadwick did a fantastic job as our wedding photographer! We knew he was the right photog for us from our first meeting.  He made the whole process leading up to the wedding easy and low key. On our day, he was prompt and professional while being fun, engaging, and creative. He captured the moments perfectly and I couldn't recommend him more!
