2	Wife and I went to have lunch and try their pizza buffet that they recently reintroduced. While the pizza was pretty good and on-par with their normal pizza menu offerings, we were still disappointed. They do not have salad now (which they used to have) and their pasta is very similar to their pasta offerings EXCEPT that their is no meat or chicken in the pasta offerings. If their was any meat or chicken, it was in such small quantities that you could not see it or tell. They do have a small side salad for additional cost, but that too is very, very small. While their pizza is normal, the rest of the buffet is substandard. For the price, CiCi's is better, even if the pizza is of lesser quality.
3	I don't know why they chose to convert this into a lunch buffet but okay, I remember when the majority of Pizza Hut's used to be buffets. When you come in you have to wait to be seated even though the place looks like your standard fast food joint. Maybe it's like my partners mother said, they are just trying to exert some class into the place. or something..Service was friendly and the pizza is pretty standard for a Pizza Hut which is pretty good since we all know what to expect from a Pizza Hut, we just want them to deliver that standard.
2	Got my order wrong. When we went inside to get it, it smelled like stinky feet. The stench didnt go away the whole time we were there waiting for them to remake the pizza. If i had had to eat there, i coulda lost wt cuz i woulda lost my appetite from that smell. So, we waited 15 more minutes, again...while they made it a 3rd time. The manager came out and explained that there were 5 new ppl being trained, and they had made it wrong again the 2nd time. She and the cashier apologized up and down--even offered to comp our meal, which we had already paid for, or get a credit for next time, or a bottle of pop. I chose the pop. I would have only given it 1 star if the manager and cashier hadn't been so apologetic. But, they did waste almost an hour of my evening waiting in line to get my food, then waiting while they tried to figure out what to do, then waiting for them to remake it twice.
3	Quick and friendly service! They also have a lunch buffet from 1130-130, but I am not sure what it consists of, as I missed the cut off time. I miss the old Pizza Huts with the salad bar and great wings!
3	Always good. Specialty pizzas bring us back..
1	I will not go back to this place after the two visits I had this past weekend. My son loves pizza hut for some reason, so I gave in and ordered from here. I placed my order on-line - the box meal they advertise, some wings and dipping sauces (a little annoyed that not even one dipping sauce comes with the wings) and received the specified time that my order would be ready. I arrived about 5 minutes after my order was scheduled to be ready. When I got there, my pizza was ready, but for some reason they neglected to include the wings and sauces I paid for. so I had to wait about 10 minutes for them to make my wings. Once they were finished I was sent on my way with no apology or anything.On Sunday my son wanted their wings again, so I gave them another shot. Once again I placed my order on-line and got there about 5 minutes after my order was scheduled to be ready. After I paid, I was told that my order wasn't quite ready. After about 10-15 minutes a girl came out and gave me my wings. Again, no apology for the wait or anything. I asked her if I could speak to a manager because by this time I was beyond frustrated. She told me I'd have to wait because she was busy. I explained that I had been waiting for almost 15 minutes for my food. I didn't feel like I should have to continue waiting, especially since all it would take was for her turn around, look through the window and ask the manager to come up. Rather than get the manager, she argued with me about why I needed to wait. After I kind of yelled through the window myself, a manager came out. When I explained what had happened on this visit and the visit two days prior, she shrugged her shoulders, said she was sorry and that they were busy. I looked at her in disbelief because there was only one family in the establishment and there were three other people working in the kitchen. I complained a little more, but could see that she really didn't care. I told her I would not be a returning customer and again her response was a shoulder shrug. I will say that another customer did come in and placed an order while I was waiting for my food, but if they can't handle multiple orders at one time then they really should reconsider being open for business at all.One other thing of note is that on the second visit the place looked and smelled dirty. The floors weren't clean and there was just a foul odor that overpowered the smell of the food.They get 1 star because yelp won't let me submit with 0.
4	I have to say the only reason I am giving this place 4 stars is because of one of the delivery drivers that work here. I still don't know his name but I will update it when I find out because I've never had a delivery guy that is as friendly and helpful as this guy. I enjoy the mild hot wings and cinnamon sticks here and order them a lot. The driver knew my name after a couple of times and always gives me coupons and info on the best deals so I can save money. I thought that was very nice of him and he deserves to be recognized for going above his job to make his customers happy.
1	Dirty tables and bland pizza.  A few tables with paper towel rolls and those were dirty too.  So many more options than Pizza Hut.  Pizza Hut is a restaurant destroyed by franchise and quality sold out to shareholders.
1	I give this place 1 because of the 2 separate occasions. my pizzas were mostly sauce and very little toppings then when I confront them about it they say they can't do nothing about it. People DO NOT I REPEAT DO NOT go here completely ripoff
3	**Rating based on Carry-Out Experience**Placed our order online to be picked up at 6:15pm. I arrived at 6:05, desperately needing to use the restroom. The men's room was locked and indicated "for customers only." I walked over to the counter and the keys were already out and ready to go. I gave the cashier my name and she told me it would be a couple minutes. The restaurant is decently sized. It looks and feels like you're in an older McDonald's or Taco Bell. I do appreciate the option to sit down, and might take them up on that during a future visit. About 6:13, the pizza came out piping hot. It smelled great too. They handed me our 2 liter bottle of Pepsi and I was on my way. No complaints - quick service, though not altogether remarkable. This location isn't situated in the fanciest part of town, so I can understand the reviews unsettled by the poor cleanliness. Though, when I was there, it looked fairly kept up and inviting.FYI - they've got special deals for first-time online orders, which ours was not. Pizza hut, ladies and gentlemen.
1	been there before, but this tym was terrible... I just called to place an order for take outI didn't know the price but I got shocked when they charged 12 dollers for a medium pizza I was totally disappointed...the messed up my pizza I asked for well done but it was too cheesi....
