5	I for some reason was in the mood for the only hamburger that can survive a nuclear blast and still taste the same. The quarter pounder with cheese or on this menu the #2. I also did something I rarely do, use the drive through. There were about eight cars in front of me, yet I was on the road with my #2 so quickly I was truly surprised. Every one could understand me and I them along with putting the right thing in the bag, I was in heaven.
1	The worst McDonalds I've ever been to. The burgers are barely room temp and the cheese is barely melted on them even though they microwave them! Which is disgusting as it is. Chicken nuggets are always old and greasy (and again never hot enough). Filet o fish cold and gross..and either unmelted cheese or cheese that was nuked so long that it is like plastic. Nasty. I've never had a decent meal here. Haven't gone in months. Gross.
1	This place is awful, ALWAYS! I have never had a good experience unless I'm just grabbing a soda in the drive thru. We've come here a few times for breakfast and the sandwiches are usually burnt. I have a six year old who loves happy meals but he doesn't like fries and they always give us fries instead of apples that I ordered with his meal. It wouldn't be as bad if they could just get the orders correct without us having to fix it for them. So frustrating.
1	Used to be a four star, for fast food at least. They used to have awesome service but in the last year they are now are horrible.  They always get the orders wrong. The employees are more into playing around and flirting than doing their job. The management is just as bad or even worse. Whatever you do, don't let them park you when you do drive thru. They will forget about you.
1	My friend stopped here and brought the food to my house. Could have warned her ahead of time. Once again, the food was absolutely disgusting. The Big Mac had no cheese. The fries tasted like old grease. Nasty nasty nasty! And my friend said their flurry machine was dirty and looked like it hadn't been wiped down in a month. Why is this location still open?!
1	ACK ACK ACK!They should name this one McNasty's! So disgustingly filthy and it took us twenty minutes to get our food. I posted a photograph on the page (third one to the right) so you can see what we saw there. I won't get another Unhappy Meal here! Wish I could give it no stars.
4	Nice modern McDonald's with good service.  Way better than the crappy one in Buckeye.
1	This place is horrible at night. I've had expired food and have yet to find an employee who can make a nice cream come. Spoke to the owner once. He says he cares but I've yet to see him in here at night making changes. He's busy cashing the checks I'm sure. Avoid this place if you want any sort of customer service. They are slow too!
1	I can't go here anymore. It's that bad. It went from my wife and I playing a game on how the fries were going to be to not getting the food we ordered and paid for. Maybe it's my fault for not checking the bag or for not writing this review sooner.  If you are the owner of this McDonalds, I think it's time for an intervention. Even a fast food chain should still have standards. What I see at this location is so far below standards, even the people walking in after grabbing a cup from the trash to get a refill are disappointed.
1	More mornings than not the drive thru is slower than a snail. I'm not sure why the line just sits for more than two minutes. Simple coffee and sandwich turns into 15 min.
