5	Our dog Gidget was crying in the middle of the night and didn't know what was wrong so we looked up this place cause it was right across the street from us and went. No one was there so we got right in and the staff was very nice and professional. We were in and out in an hour and Gidget was feeling doing fine. This place is open 24/7 and is for sure where we will always go for our emergency vet needs.
5	We found an injured stray cat. Since we already have seven, keeping it wasn't an option. I called the Humane Society and, since it was late afternoon, they recommended I take it to 1st Emergency so it could begin receiving care, and they would pick it up the next day. The staff at 1st Emergency was great, both in person and on the phone, and I was comfortable that I had left it in good hands.
1	This is the worst place to take your animal.  They had us wait for 3 hours and never did any thing for my dog.  They said they were busy with a dieing cat.  After 3 hours all they did was come in and ask if we wanted blood work and tests for $786.00.  My dog was having seizures, and the seizures had stopped, so we left and took him to my regular vet the next day.  They charged us $75.00 for doing nothing but let us sitting for 3 hours waiting for them to serve us.  I do not think we should have had to pay because they did nothing....be careful they are very unprofesssional.....
5	I've had to bring two of my dogs to 1st Emergency Pet Care hospital several times and cannot recommend it highly enough.  Two of the times the dogs each had to stay for a few days.  I received regular calls from the vets to let me know how they were doing and was encouraged to call and drop by anytime to visit my dogs without needing an appointment.  One of my dogs had to go there for a severe ear infection when my regular vet was closed and another time for acute pancreatitis (which was life-threatening) after eating some tainted Chinese dog jerky.  My other dog was bleeding to death after routine neutering and it was discovered he has hemophilia, necessitating blood transfusions.  I believe both of my sweet dogs are alive today because of this facility.  Compassion and excellent follow up is the norm here.  The nighttime receptionist is especially nice and very concerned.  Highly recommend.
4	Had to take Buster to get seen for a small abscess rupture. Service was good but expensive. Just over 2 hrs start to finish.
5	The best emergency animal clinic we've ever used! The kindest staff ever. Care and compassion plus!
5	I had to take both my dogs in on Christmas morning after a fight the night before. Once we woke up, things looked worse than we originally thought. They gave us a couple quotes (high & low) so we didn't need to spend extra on needless x-rays. Cleaned the boys up and explained why they didn't want to surgically close a couple of the superficial wounds. They treated my wife and I with respect and understanding, no ill judgement. We did have to wait awhile before they provided us the meds/scripts. Thank you for being open on the holiday and helping us take care of our four-legged family members.
2	Brace yourself. This is a sad story.I had a 2 year old husky named Kiba. Kiba developed coughing and sneezing the same time my other dog did. I gave him Benadryl and the symptoms seemed to be going away except for the lack of appetite, which was not uncommon for him to be finicky. I never had any idea his liver was failing. His brain apparently swelled and he started acting sick while I was at work so my parents met me here with him. It was too late for him though and he died within an hour of being brought here.I don't blame them for the death of my dog but I do not appreciate their lack of compassion in handling a grieving pet owner.Positives: They were very clinical and helped me understand what was happening to my dog so I could make the best choices for him. The vet tech was very professional in my interactions with himNegatives: The vet, while very clinical, had horrible bedside manner. She talked in a way that me feel like she was blaming me for not knowing my dog was as sick as he was. Additionally, the receptionist had no concept on how to be sensitive to a horrible situation. After she knew my dog had passed and seen how tragic it was for me, she called "Have a good night" after us when we left, which feels completely inappropriate and is only one example of her inability to approach a grieving family with any semblance of empathy. Additionally, I received a note in the mail a few days later that was signed by the staff of the entire clinic in a manner reminiscent of birthday cards that go around in the office. This upset me more as it felt inappropriate and lacking in any real sympathy.They may be able to provide emergency vet services in a competent way but their emotional intelligence is severely lacking.
1	If you genuinely care about the well being of your animal companion, do not take them here. It's unfortunate that this is the 24/7 clinic that is closest to me, but they have have no idea what they are doing. I brought my dog in for surgery on the same wound twice because of their mistakes and they flat out told me they don't know what to do, printed out my records for me and reccomend I visit another vet. The lack ofintelligence in their profession is embarrassing and I am very upset with them doing work on my dog and finding out they had no idea what they were doing the whole time. Disgusting.
5	I don't even know where to begin my compliments about this place.  Here's the back story: Let me start with the fact that I drove from California to have my dog's procedure done.  I had come to my wit's end researching clinics for my Great Dane to have Gastropexy surgery. Places here were VERY expensive, unable to answer questions I had about the procedure, telling me I would have to re-vaccinate my dog, all kinds of ridiculous things.  Since I have friends in the Mesa/Phoenix area, I decided to check there.  When I asked around and did a search, 1st Pet came up so I gave them a call.  This is were my first complement comes in.  The person who answered the phone took all the time in the world with me then when I got to questions she couldn't answer, she had a person who could answer them get on the phone with me and THAT person continued to speak with me.  Then I talked money and honestly, that sealed the deal.  I drove 6+ hours with my Great Dane in my car to have her surgery done there.  I drove all night, got there first thing in the morning to very welcoming staff.  They knew I had driven through the night and made me feel right at home.  Prior to taking my dog back, the Doctor came out and got down on the floor with her and made my dog feel comfortable with her.  It was awesome as my dog is a little sketchy with people.  Once the dog had gained her trust and she had re-explained the procedure and what would essentially happen they took her back.  The doctor called me immediately following the procedure and told me how she did, how everything went and the outlook and events for the remainder of the evening.  I went to sleep that night VERY comfortable with the care my dog was getting.  First thing in the morning, I received another call letting me know how she did over night, letting me know she was eating and had gone to the bathroom.  I was so relieved.  When I arrived to pick her up to bring her home, I was given everything I would need for her care, medication, cone of shame, instructions, everything!  I felt so good.  I was very confident in the care my dog received there.  My only wish is that we had a 1st Pet here in California because I'd go to them for EVERYTHING!!!!!!!  Thank you 1st Pet for the exceptional care my dog received!  Now open a location in Southern Cali please!  :)
5	Well, our 4 month old GSD and our 1.5 yr old pit got out of our gare somehow yesterday morning, the day after Christmas. Still unsure how they escaped. Unfortunately, our pup was ultimately struck by an oncoming vehicle on a main road. She was is bad shape and in need of serious care. We rushed her to 1st Pet and they took her in immediately. After about 2 hours, Dr. Lindgren informed us that our pup had major constusions/lacerations on her lungs and a broken arm. She was in critical condition. While I applaud their haste, I very much disliked the lack of emotion and the complete disregard Lindgren had for our situation. She seemd to be the type of vet who there for the paycheck and nothing further. She did take care of our dog thou, so it was fairly confusing. We arrived at 3pm and at 9pm, we left knowing only that our dear pup was on the dlfence and was either going to be coming home or going to rest externally. Of course, it was an emotional night for my wife and I. Thankfully, our daughter was at an overnighter and wasn't privy to the situation. At 6am this morning, my phinew rings and the ID states that it's 1st Pet. My heart sank and I expected the worst immediately. It was a personal call from Dr. Meredith. She was now caring dor our pup and had done a phenomenal job. Dr. Meredith informed me that our little pup was doing great and would be ready to come home at 9am. Obviously, we were elated and so, so, so happy to be bringing our fur baby home. We can't thank 1st Pet enough for their immediately, consistent care.
