5	This is one of my mommy groups playdate stops. It is a great little gem hidden away in a strip mall in Henderson.There are 2 rooms, one is for the scheduled classes the other is filled with toys the kids can play with before/after a class.The guy in charge is very nice and makes sure to show the kids a good time. My little Ryder loves the bubbles at the end of the playdate.I recommend this place to anyone...its really nice to have a place indoors during the brutal summers here in Vegas.They also do birthday parties, which I think would be alot of fun for the kiddos.
5	Great for little ones. Very clean. Super nice owner. We used to go a lot, however once my son turned 3 he was bored. Great when they are about 7 months to 2.5
5	By far one of the best places for a well organized and clean indoor activity.  My son is finally getting a consistent and meaningful group interaction.  I highly recommend taking your child before they start attending school or independent group activities.  My son is opening up socially in the best environment.  During break I see the owner/workers actively cleaning and sanitizing the play area.  Rules are strictly enforced in a kind and gentle manner.  Kids outside of the age hour age range sit outside so you don't have worry about older kids, if your child is just starting out.
5	We love this place and have signed up as regulars!  My son was outgrowing Gymboree Play & Music at about 18 months so myself and a few other moms switched our kids to this place and we love it.  It is more one on one with Mr. John.  He's great with the kids and still deals with us crazy parents very well.  I love the fact that my kid can have a blast and I actually enjoy all his songs and music too!  Overall a great place to bring the kids.  Unlimited classes is also a great feature.  This place is SUPER clean too!  The staff is great and we look forward to having our sons birthday party here as well...
5	My son Noah (age 2) had a better time here than at the other play places around town. The music and activities are great! We'll be back!
5	We "lived" in Vegas temporarily over the summer and visited Rock & Roll Kids with a friend whose kids regularly attend.  My 3 1/2 year old loved it so much and talked about it (and Mr. Jon) so enthusiastically over our first weekend there that I decided to enroll him for the remainder of our stay. Over our couple of weeks there I quickly learned that ALL of the kids, parents and grandparents adore Mr. Jon, and it's easy to see why. He's phenomenal with kids of all ages. (Even my 8 1/2 year old looked forward to going with us each day, even though he mostly watched with me from the sidelines.) As a former Kinder teacher, the structure of his class instantly impressed me, too. Not everyone can engage, entertain and teach pre-k kids for an hour, but his classes have the perfect balance of developmentally appropriate play and learning activities that have physical, social and educational lessons all tied together. We honestly can't say enough good things about Mr. Jon and Rock and Roll Kids!! I feel blessed that my boys got to have such an awesome experience with such a terrific teacher and role-model!
5	I was very impressed that Mr. Jon remembered my son and his name after only going there a few times. He even recognized him when my friend (who he has never met) brought him to class one day. I liked how relaxed the class was. The facility is very clean and organized. The music was great too. We had a lot of fun and are excited to go back.
5	My kids love this place and so do I :) it's a great safe environment and I actually can let my kids run around and have fun! Plus the music is awesome and the owner mr john is great with the kids! I recommend this place to anyone looking for a great place to take your kids and there are a ton of class times to pick from and he's rates are great:)
