3	Alright, so if you're looking for a place to sit and hang out and read or go online or something...don't do it here. The building it pretty worn down and not appealing. Go to the Sequoya branch off of Midvale for that instead.  Also, if you're going to go there and hope that by chance they have the book you want...you're not going to find it.  But here's the good part, this library is CRAZY EFFICIENT when it comes to fulfilling hold requests and outer library loan requests. So while you're sitting at home with your "To Read" list.  Just log onto the Madison Public Library LinkCat and search for the book you want.  If it happens to be available at the Central Branch (like a 10% chance), then yey! you can pick it up right away.  Otherwise, just press the "Request Book" button. And the book will be waiting for you in like a day! Seriously all my requests have been filled super quick.   Obviously it's going to take longer for new high demand books, but still it's quicker than you would think.   Also, over the summer I did an outer library loan request for a book that the library system didn't even have, the book wasn't even published in the U.S.....I got it in three days.  No joke.  I couldn't believe it.
5	Do you constantly find yourself thirsting for some sweet, sweet knowledge?Do you find yourself awake at night, unable to curb your craving for books?Do you enjoy 21st century architecture and strolling through art galleries?Well, look no more, because the Madison Public Library is back, and better than ever (can someone vouch for this? When I got here, they were already going through construction), and includes everything I mentioned above, and more! They also host a number of fun events, so I recommend checking out their website from time to time.And for the icing on the cake? It's all free (duh!)
3	The central library is all brand new and clean, for now. Spacious, probably 30 or 40 computers to use on two floors from 30 min to 2 hours. There's a tiny cafe area, so far I just like the cookies. I'll walk a block or two on State street or Barriques on W. Wash to get a good latte or tea. Plenty of seating and outlets to charge my phone. But, the seating is not comfortable. Not really. The magazine section needs work. It's quite sparse. I like the self check outs, plenty of them around, which is faster than standing in line at circulation counters while one person monopolizes their time for 15 minutes a piece. They are slow! So bless the library gods for the self checkouts. As before, many of the city homeless hang out here and therefore,  police officers and security staff patrol the place. Pretty much gives the place a non library vibe. The other branches are carpeted and quieter.
5	It's been a long time coming, but she's here and she's beautiful!Gorgeous new architecture and interior design set the scene for you to spend a day in the books, gazing out the windows at downtown Madison, sipping on coffee while eyeing up the crowd, and even relaxing in the club like nooks in the kids area. Top floor has a roof top garden, big space for parties, community groups or meetings.  The complete makeover has taken this beast to the beauty!They've hipped it up with more adult events, art work and events, there is truly something or somewhere for everyone here.  A must even if you are only in town for a couple days.  If you live in Madison, get over there to see this beaut!
4	I've been meaning to come here for awhile and I'm happy I finally made it! The space is nice - very modern and open. I really liked how friendly and helpful the staff was. They helped me open an account and find the books I needed right when I walked in! I want to start coming here more often, and maybe spending more time here to read and get a snack from the cafe.
5	It feels a little out of place to begin branching off into reviews of places like public libraries and other non-food based locales. But this new downtown library fills me with the sort of warmth and goodwill that inspires a positive review to anyone who will listen to me preach from my digital soapbox.  Plus, there's a cafe inside now so... let's just pretend it's a very large internet cafe with a huge book shelf.A few days after it's grand re-opening, I stopped in to gawk and be happy that my library was open again. A friendly greeter announced that I should make sure to check out the children's section downstairs. Good call. Bright, airy, and huge, the children's level on the lower floor is gorgeous. It's filled with crawl-in book nooks, padded climb-on-me furnishings, private study rooms, play mats, mini-castles, game areas, age-based sections, audio/video stations with iPads around the edges, and who knows what else. I felt like a creeper wandering childless and alone in my 30's in this area, gawping at the selection and wondering if anyone would judge me if I curled up in the padded nook below the stairs.  So I didn't stay long down there, but every time I am there I peek in, wishing I were tiny again.I also couldn't bring myself to wander into the "Teen Zone" on the first floor. It looks like they have a sheltered TV/Movies lounge in there, along with of course an age-appropriate selection of books and so on.Past the forbidden Teen Zone and tucked into a back corner is an amazing AV / Computer / Media Lab. It's stocked with a sound proofed recording box, photoshop, video editing tools, and everything else I wish I could afford on my home PC and waitress wages. Lets not forget, of course, the main attraction. Books!  Books everywhere!  Bright and individually lit shelves make browsing easy. Tidy and well organized, I always seem to find myself inexplicably in a section far away from my point of origin with no idea how I arrived there. The fairy-lights must have led me from shelf to shelf, beckoning me with well-displayed arrays of beautiful, beautiful books.There is a newly improved selection of comics, mangas, graphic novels and other assorted art-related narratives. A very respectable movie rentals section. Foreign films arranged by language?  Hooray!  Non-fiction stacks so immaculately designed and well kept that I never fear that the one book I need will be unlocatable amidst the chaos of the dingy, ramshackle stacks of yore.  (Which I still love, because.... because books! Oh the smell of old, stale unarranged books...)The staff are always friendly and helpful, there's always an open computer in the main area, the self-checkout seems to work perfectly, and my reserved books are always waiting for me on the holds shelves, like old friends who know where I'll be, because I can't stay away.Oh yea, and there's a little cafe in there now.
5	This is a beautiful library. I love libraries and a glass exterior really makes it very modern and inviting!Love the design. There are 3 floors in here, many public computers for use, tons of books, audio books, magazines, DVDs, CDs. It's a disneyland for bookworms!And, there's a chocolaterian cafe here! LOVE it. You obviously need some snacks while reading books! There are receptionists on first and second floor. Sometimes they might not be in the best of moods, but if you be patient and smile loads, they'll melt and be the nicest librarians you know. And don't be shy, just ask!I'm so excited to go online to get ebooks from the Wisconsin Public Library, and you can get up to 10 books at one time! All for just going in and showing proof of residence and a photo ID (driver's license was sufficient for both) to get my library card! Love it. Can't wait to be back and grab tons of books to read!
5	Not to start with the negative, but in the four times I have visited the Madison Public Library this past year, three of the times the elevator has been out of service! What is up with that?OkGot that out of the way. That being said, the MPL is absolutely top notch. From the children's area, to the cafe, to the staff. We stop here whenever we get a chance. It is so much more then a library. I am especially drawn to the art aspects the MPL highlights. My sister (a local artist) shows here on occasion. Most Saturdays there are free art activities for children and adults alike. The best for me is the "bubbler room". No, not a place to get a cool drink of water. A place to learn about art, see art being produced, and to participate in the making. There is always something new. Do not leave without checking it out!
5	How can I say it? I'm fallin' in love at the first sight. Living only two blocks away from this cool place, it took me almost three years to finally give this place a try. Booooooo me! (Well, UW-Madison alone has way too many libraries of which I haven't visited them all!)Today, I was having a very bad day to start a day but I forgot it all once I stepped my feet here. I told my self " This is gonna be another spot to do my D!"As for today, I only explored the first, lower ground and the second floor, because I came here to study. This first visit has instilled some impression in me and I need to say it: WOW! WOW! WOW!I know I'll be back to keep exploring and being amazed! Of all the sections, the children section is the BEST. If only I grew up here, I knew I would have spent every single day in this cozy place. This place has a lot to offer: some reading nooks with light, some funky chairs, some nests to read comfortably! Ah, I'm just so in love. Everybody whether you are a kid or an adult, I can guarantee you'd fall in love easily- less than a second :)- once visiting this section!The first and second floors are for adults :) with of course tons of computers to use, tons of book collection and tons of cozy reading and studying spots. I told myself once again: This is what love at the first sight feels like.Thank you, Madison Public Library for reminding me with the most honest feeling one can have!
5	Everything is free. Free. One more time. FREE! Books, DVDs, CDs, books on cd, play-aways (aka books in MP3 form), video games, magazines, and more. It's all free and you can basically check out as much as you'd like. That should be reason number one to visit MPL. Information and entertainment at your fingertips. What more could one ask for? Not only can you spend hours, err-- days, looking at all of the material, you could also spend the same amount of time gazing at the interior of the building itself. The renovation did wonders for this place. It was the perfect little facelift that the library needed and with the makeover came many great new things. One of the new areas of the library that everyone needs to visit is the Bubbler. It is a place to create. Create what you ask? Basically everything. They have welding classes, beer and cheese making classes, and much more. An extension of the Bubbler is the Media Lab. If there is something you want to learn that is used by entertainment professionals, this is the place to do it. The staff, which is comprised of volunteers who do what they teach for a living, take the time to teach you the software and equipment used by these professionals. I can't speak highly enough about this place. If you don't have a library card, get one. If you have never been here, go here! Explore! Have fun! And remember... it's free!
5	Our teenagers and us loved it. Every exhibit is so well put together, there is so much for every family member to enjoy! if you have older children or you are a child at heart and have a thing for dinosaurs, DO NOT MISS this museum! They reopened their dinosaur exhibit six months ago and it is definitely worth seeing! Also, do not miss the "Dinosaur Encounter", the "live" dinosaur was incredibly fun!! Loved it, loved it, loved it!!
