4	I have been coming to this nail salon for about 2 1/2 years to get my nails done as well as pedicures. They started doing eyebrow threading awhile back and now I am addicted to that as well.You can get a full set or pedicure for 20 bucks. They do a really great job on the pedicures, sometimes they deserve 5 stars. I am very picky when it comes to getting my nails done and expect them to be perfect..yes even when I only pay 20 bucks.Sometimes the color is not perfect on the nails and if you say something they will fix it. But I always feel like a B**** for asking but hey..I want my nails to be the best they can be.The threading runs 10 bucks and is amazing. I prefer it to waxing. I will still get waxed every so often since the thread does not get the teeny tiny blond hairs. But it sure does make my eyebrows look good.A fill-in on your nails will run you $15 bucks. I just had mine done today and am proud to report they are perfect!
5	I love this salon! I have been going to Nail Design for over 3 years now for nails, toes & eyebrows. I happened by chance to go in and have never went anywhere else in the valley since. I have seen the salon expand & change. It's clean and inviting. The nail techs there are friendly and the owners very welcoming. I used to wax but was put on to threading by my sister who goes somewhere else and after having a horrible experience else where was excited that they added threading at Nails Design. I won't let anyone but Ruby touch my eye brows. The pricing is very reasonable & they have added many more services including permanent  makeup, eyelash extensions, etc. For you manicure lovers I highly recommend the gel mani! it lasts long and is worth the price. I leave happy & with perfect nails, toes, & eyebrows every time.
4	I go here all the time, you never have to wait for a tech, unless your waiting on your favorite person to do your nails.  For some reason, the men in this shop works best for me, my pedi last for a really long time without chipping.
5	Got a very nice pedicure =)!!! plus the staff was very friendly and they actually spoke English. They have a lot of gel colors .. 5 stars
1	this place is clean and seemed nice enough,i went in for a pedicure.Everything was going fine until she saw the heels of my feet were very dry.She asked if i wanted her to smooth them...yes obviously. she said it was an extra 3 dollars...ok no problem 23 for a pedicure fine. Then she gos and gets chemicals and plastic bags to put on my feet. The plastic bags on my feet were not comfortable i had never had this done before. the chemicals started burning my ankles and i made her take them off.After the pedicure she slathered Vaseline all over my feet to help with the burning well fine except i was sliding all over the place in my flip flops. and strike three she kicked me out before my toes were fully dry because they were closing DON'T GO HERE they do not care much about the comfort of there customers. 23$ for pedicure and burnt ankles and Vaseline.
5	Nail Design is amazing.  I could never imagine going somewhere else.  Burning chemicals?  Nope!  I do the heel treatment all the time.  I also see people arriving late all the time and not once saw someone get kicked out so they could go home.  The chairs are comfortable, friendly staff, and great service.  I have done threading, pedicure, full sets, refills, and manicure.  Have been serviced by a least half of the staff here.  Never once had a bad experience.  Nail Design will take care of everything, just sit back, relax, and let them do their magic.  If I didn't trfust them, they wouldn't be my place of choice for my bridal party to get pampered before my big day. . . .need I say more?
5	It would sound ridiculous to say that we flew to Vegas just to get a pedicure...but it sounds good right?  Truth be told, whenever we come to Vegas to hang out and meet up with family and friends, we do make sure to stop off at Nail Designs and have our feet taken care of.  Johnny is amazing, I can't say that enough!  He really takes the time make my toes look all pretty and for that extra $3 you get the dry heel treatment which does the trick and makes your feet feel brand new.  Aside from the professional and thorough service you get here, they really make it a priority to work with your schedule.  That says ALOT.  Nail Designs has our business whenever we are in town.
5	My Recommendation: French tips from Ken.I love these guys. They do a great job, no matter how crazy you want your nails! From 3D Hello Kitty faces to Louis Vuitton french tips, they got you covered. The people are very friendly and don't mind conversation, unlike other nail technicians at other salons that don't really want to be bothered lol. Walk-ins are welcome. Also, the prices are very cheap. Only $20 for a full set! I come here all the time and I feel completely safe leaving my hands in their care.
5	Peter is a great nail tech.  He's very friendly and gives his opinion but still let's you decide.  When I first started going to see Peter regularly, I said I wanted "Full set, not too thin for it to crack but not so thick that it's obvious that it's fake.  I broke one toe nail so I want a pink or purple on my nails but not something that will make that broken toe nail stand out."  He sat me down and went to pick the color and I was very happy.  He eventually talked me into no more acrylic and just starting fresh with the gel polish.  You pay more for gel but it's more than worth it because your nails will grow out really well.  Oh and he hasn't ever cut my cuticle when trimming them.  I always have that problem when going to someone else.
3	Mani / pedi was typical. But when the state board came in I felt very uncomfortable and seemed to be hurried out, also was going to get eyebrows waxed, but they forgot with all the commotion, but that was ok, because I wouldn't have found a great threading place. Over all, it was ok, don't think I'll be back though
2	I've come to this place a number of times hoping it would get better. Unfortunately this last time will be the last time I come here or refer anyone here. I made an apt for myself to get my nails done then a pedicure with my 3 friends. My nails came out terrible and there was a 20 mibute gap from when my nails were done and my pedicure was scheduled. She wanted to start right away on my toes but I was waiting on my friends so I told her I would wait for my apt time, she sighed as if it was inconvenient for her. I told her ill have someone else do it if she had other plans. She put he in cold water to wait then went to eat. I had to ask the hostess {which was very helpful :-) } if she could but warm water in. then my friend showed up and the so acted as if I we were inconveniencing  them when we made an apt! No one had any clue what was going on. They had double booked a bunch of people and my what was supposed to be a relaxing pedicure turned into a rush to get me done. I got no massage and was requested to pay before I could even get out of the chair! Horrible customer service and the prices are outrageous. I hate to give bad reviews but this place needs to know what they need to work on to get and KEEP their customers.
5	I thread my eyebrows here and there's only one lady that does it. I love it and always go back to her. She's fast and very good at it. I've had a pedicure a few times and no complaints...I'd do it again.
1	I went here for a pedicure last weekend and had one of the worse pedi's I've ever gotten. I'm not a very picky person so this is saying a lot. First I was told it was a 5-7 minute wait. Actually it was 15-20 minute wait. Then Sonny came and got me, didn't say more than 2 words to me the whole time. That I don't mind so much, just not very good customer service. Now to the pedicure. He did a pretty good job of cleaning my cuticles. He completely screwed up the shape of my toe nails though. Don't they usually check how your nails were and then copy them?? I had nice square toe nails and now they're rounded and not even. The polish job looks like my 13 year old did it and after 1 year it's already chipping! What the heck?? I'll never be back there...
1	I've been going to this place for the last few years on and off. It's a little outdated and can definitely use a makeover. I liked that I can actually communicate with the nail techs. Anyhow...I went here on Saturday 4/20/13 and I was pretty stoked that they'd be able to take me in for a pedicure right away. However, the girl that did my pedicure cut me pretty bad! It kept bleeding for a good few mins. She tried to glue my cut shut and even had the nerve to say it was just a scratch! I work in the healthcare field...I can tell the difference between a cut and a scratch. The Lord was with me or I would have gone ballistic on her! Needless to say I will not be returning since she didn't even try to make the situation better. She obviously didn't get a tip. I would not recommend this place to anyone I know!
1	Worst customer service ever! If they mess up your pedicure, don't expect them to fix it for free. The new management here is on a power trip and will argue with you and lose a customer rather than fix a crappy pedicure for free. They tried to charge me the cost of the pedicure to fix the terrible job they did. I've come here before quite a few times. and whoever managed the place previously was cool but the new manager is a total witch and doesn't mind screwing over a loyal customer for money. I would rather keep this terrible pedicure and pay someone else to fix it rather than give this rip off dirty nasty place another dime. I never complain or leave bad Yelps but this was worth my time.  I'll never go here again and you shouldn't either.
2	I literally got my nails done an hour ago and had a fill with gels. I've been going here for about 2 years but I won't be returning. My nails look like a teenager painted them (an actual comment my friend made when I asked how my nails looked). I don't know the name of the guy who did them, but I have had other technicians who have done a way better job. The guy did not put a top coat for my gels, just went straight to using a polish that turned out sloppy and lumpy. He didn't even paint all the way up to my cuticles (one of my biggest per peeves). I am so embarrassed that I had to book an appointment at a different nail salon so I can change it. The salon has been in the process of expanding and each time I come in, I see new employees. It seems to me like the guy was rushing to get my nails done and did not care about the quality of the work. On another note, there was a woman getting a pedicure who had her three young children (one was a baby) and her mother all occupying the couches/waiting area. The kids were being obnoxious and I had to listen to them the entire 45 minutes I had my pedicure. You would think with the expansion they would have a better area/ambiance/employees but it more about quantity over quality of work. I would have given one star, but the other one is for the technicians who have done a great job (Kenny, Jimmy).
2	Went here with a friend who recommended it..definitely will not be returning. I came in to get a gel manicure and was so excited about the multitude of colors they offered. The receptionist was pleasant and full of smiles. After choosing a fall burgundy/wine color, I was greeted by the manicurist, who was nice. This is where my experience turned sour- Now I know that you have to use a dremel to remove acrylic and gel, but the way the lady did it made me question her abilities. It was the first time ever I felt the heat from the dremel on my nail which was quite intense(felt like my nails were being burned off). Later when she was applying the polish, I noticed her fingers kept touching the previous nail she had painted (like she wasn't paying attention) and had to go back and touch it up. I had also asked her if it was hard gel and she didn't really know how to answer..not sure if it was a language barrier or lack of product knowledge. When applying the last coat, she asked if I wanted another to make it nice and dark. I said yes and she did so. Next it was time for the top coat..of which she only applied one coat...... At my normal salon, they do two...whatever. Got up, paid, went outside to inspect my nails in the sunlight. The color was amazing..except for the fact that right against my cuticle it was pretty much one coat of color and looked like wine had bled into my skin. Her dremel work was very uneven; my nails looked like hand-hammered metal. Also, I noticed she hadn't painted the tip/edge of my nail so not even a week later I had chips of the tips of them and I've honestly never had a gel polish chip on me. It's hard to give these people such a bad review because of how nice they were, but it's necessary due to the quality of work I received.
5	This place is actually called Vo Salon now. They now do nails, hair, and skin. They've completely remodeled and it looks great! On this day I went in with my cousin to get a full set. I was able to get seated right away, as well as my cousin too. The ladies who did our nails did a great job, but I always recommend asking for Katy or I think either Kevin or Ken is his name. The only thing I would suggest to them is to get a better variety in nail polish. They do have A LOT of colors, but it's all kind of in the same color span. So if you pick the color pink, there's like 6 other bottles of nail polish with the same color.
1	Got the worst manicure by this place. Supposedly, it came highly recommended by a friend. Will never go back again... My manicure looks like it was done by a teenager vs. a professional.
5	As a walk in I was greated and helped right away. Holly did a great manicure and pedicure.  She does nice nail art. Holly was friendly and detail oriented.  I will be back.
5	Holly rocks. She is friendly and fast. She does amazing nail art and she is so detail oriented.  The prices are cheap. You get awesome service and awesome results. Love this place.
5	I have been going to Nail Design/ Vo salon for about 8 years.  Love the new look and all the new services being offered. The gals at the front are always friendly.Thanks Ken, Michelle, and Johnny!!
5	Great and reliable place to get your nails done. Very spacious environment and friendly workers. Chargers at the pedicure stations so your phone doesn't run out of battery. And they make sure you're well hydrated on a hot summer day.
