4	Pretty yummy! I just went here for lunch and thought the pricing was the best feature. $6.95 for all entrees, which includes a bowl of spicy chicken soup (not sure of name). I ordered the Panang with pork and loved it. It had great flavor and the serving size was appropriate for lunch. Don't let the restaurant's outside appearance scare you - the inside is not too bad. The servers were very nice and efficient. I'll be back, guaranteed, because they serve quickly and it works for my lunch hour.
5	I love it here! Real Thai Food, real Thai chef! They made me feel right at home. I will be coming here often.
5	Authentic Laos and Thai flavors that phoenix needs more of. The Tom yum gai makes you close your eyes in appreciation, the papaya salad is fantastic, and the larb gai is earthy and refreshing.
5	My mom and I have always loved Thai food. When Pink Pepper closed (in the west valley) we were devastated and have been trying to find a good replacement since. We found it here! It is kind of hard to find, and when you do find it, it looks a bit grungy on the outside. Once you enter though, the owner, Siri is waiting with a smile and a hello, and the interior is clean. They have a wide selection of food on the menu. My mom and I went for the lunch. We both got the Chicken Pad Thai and split an order of Beef Panang. We got the Pad Thai at a spice level of "3 stars," and even though we like our food hot and our sinuses clear, it was almost too hot. I would suggest getting one or two stars, even if you are daring. The prices were very reasonable, at $6.95 a plate...well worth it with reasonable portions. It also comes with delicious soup and egg rolls. I would definitely suggest this place to anyone who loves Thai food!
5	Been twice and really enjoyed both visits.  The drunken noodles are tasty and flavorful without being overly spicy.
4	This restaurant occupies the building that used to house China Chan. While it retains the low brow external appearance of the building's former incarnation, its clean and warmly appointed interior, with white and brown linens and saffron window shades, is a refreshing change from the former establishment. Contemporary Thai music is softly piped in and while there is a TV screen in the corner, its volume is set to low. For lunch today I tried the Drunken Noodles with Chicken, with a heat level of 2, which is medium; heat levels go up to 5, which is Thai hot. The quantity of food for the lunch special may not match those of other Asian dining places but the quality is definitely superior and the density of the noodles made the dish more filling than I expected. It came with the soup special of the day, which was a delightfully aromatic and very tasty bamboo shoot - lemongrass soup. Service was very friendly and efficient. I look forward to future meals here, as there is a respectable variety of dishes in the menu and the prices are good. This establishment nicely fills a niche for Thai food that has long been vacant for this part of the city.
5	The food was authentic and divine. Normally "to go" orders are slopped into a the styrofoam container...Not this place.It was artfully and carefully packaged.  The staff was friendly and helpful, it was also exceptionally clean inside. I will be eating there again....many times!
4	I love this place for several reasons. First, it's easily accessible, right off 28th dr. & metro pkwy. behind the Barnes & Noble. The owner, Siri, will most likely greet you at the door with a warm smile and  an unassuming, non-pretentious nature. The restaurant is very clean, nicely decorated and well lit (I like being able to actually see my food!) .On to the food! The menu is diverse, with fresh appetizers, salads, soups, curries, fish plates (the Penang catfish is a house specialty), specialty plates and fried rice dishes. The first time, I got a steaming plate of drunken noodles. It was wonderfully prepared and I could tell the ingredients were all very, very fresh. In their heat scale of 1-5 stars, I take an 8, which is perfect for experienced Thai food eaters. Then again, I take my food REALLY hot normally :)Tonight I had the crispy noodles in a garlicky beef sauce with fresh veg, and my wife had the Penang duck curry. Do not miss the duck curry! It was spicy ( level 8), while maintaining its flavor and freshness. The duck was big chunks of BBQ bird, not diced little pieces like I've had at other places. I took the noodles without any extra heat and I'm glad I did! Crunchy, delicate, flavorful, it's a great dish for a hesitant Thai food eater.In summary, please go support this friendly little gem of a neighborhood place, because I count on Siri to keep me fed when the wife is out of town! Also, wifey and I are both participating in her Spicy Curry eating contest tomorrow (heat level 11!), so come cheer us on!
4	Decided to try this restaurant based on the reviews.  We had the curry pubs & dumplings.  Both were fresh, light & tasty. For the main we had shrimp w/ pepper & garlic,red curry chicken, pad sabaidee chicken & grilled salmon.  Shrimp dish surprisingly came w/ the shrimp lightly battered, but in natural form (heads on, legs on, shells on).  Maybe this is the Thai method.  We were a bit disappointed as no one in the group eats shrimp that are not fully prepared.   The server noticed how we had to mawl the shrimp in order to prepare it to be able to eat, so they did not charge us for it.  That was very customer-oriented and appreciated.  They provided a substitute dish (chk fired rice) requested by my son.   The rest of the dishes ordered were very good.  Fresh and warm, seasoned just right to order.   The service was attentive and friendly.  We will come again!
3	Pad Thai was very mediocre. The veggie spring rolls were good but I cant complain for the price.
1	Looked at yelp and wanted to try it today but it is closed, forever apparently.
1	This place is out of business.
