4	This is a great place to get a cheap lunch that is very filling and quite satisfying for the taste buds! Lunch specials are $5.95, and it comes with soup or salad and an egg roll with your main entree. You can get many entrees like Pad Thai, Yellow Curry, Mongolian Beef, etc. with your lunch special. Not too bad for a local Thai place...The lunch special is only available Monday-Friday. The restaurant is open 7 days a week. Lunch is 11am-3pm, and Dinner is 3pm-10pm.
2	Despite the low-star rating, this may be a place you want to try.  Chinese can be a real preference driven food, and there are other people here who really enjoyed Bangkok 9, and the place it run by extremely friendly people.  Also note, I had the Chinese, not the Thai food, so you may experience something different.Our order contained a couple Sweet & Sour dishes, and they did not come breaded.  Also, their egg rolls are more like spring rolls.
4	I've never actually eaten there but I have ordered delivery from them. The menu said it closed @ 10pm, I called @ 9:45pm to order. I didn't expect them to want to take my order but they still did.. so I thought that was nice of them. I ordered shrimp fried rice, stripped chicken & beef gata. All were really good. Portion size were good - 2 of us ate 'til we were full & still had enough leftovers for lunch the next day. Cheap, too. Would definitely order from them again. :)
2	Unfortunately, my experience at Bangkok 9 was mediocre at best. I had the Pad Thai and Kra Pow Chicken. The pad thai was a bright orange, as if it was drowned in food coloring, with little flavor and rubbery chicken. It also came with only 2 shrimp which was a major disappointment. I ended up adding my own sauces and seasonings before finally eating it. As for the Kra Pow chicken, the chicken looked stale, however, it did not taste as bad as it looked.this was not my first time at Bangkok 9, and had pleasant experiences in the past. However, with this latest experience, i do not think I will be back there ever again.
3	This place is decent. Friendly service. Food came out really fast. I'd ordered Pad See Oew. It has a Chinese-style taste. Fried bananas are good. Good lunch deal. I also came here for dinner. Their beef curry was pretty good, and they gave us desert soup (bean and tapioca) that you would get at a hk restaurant. This place reminds me of my mom's cooking.
5	Among my favorite places to eat. Fair price, great food, outstanding service, "hot" means hot. The staff is always friendly, my glass NEVER hits half empty and I drink ALOT of water. They also almost always give my kids free desert. They are awesome.
5	My fav Thai.  Period.  The soup is my favorite part of the meal:Tom Yum Shrimp - Hot Pot @ $8.95 (serves 2 or more).  They have a smaller version for $4.95.  Comes in a great pot that stays warm by the lighted flame.  They also ask you your preferred spicy level from 1-10.  We like 8 or 9 and cannot get enough of this soup!Have tried several other dishes including the Spicy Rice, Crab Rangoon, etc. and love them all.The service is absolutely perfect!  Your water glass or any beverage for that matter is always kept full.  The entire staff always has a smile on their faces.  It seems that they are happy you are there ... and trust me, I am happy to be there - enjoying their wonderful food and great service.  Do yourself a favor and visit this local business.  (and yes, they serve alcohol too if and when so inclined)
4	I've been to this place many times and it has changed hands but is always great-- service and food are as good as any Thai I've ever had. All the curries are good, the larb, spicy mint dishes, and my new fav is eggplant delight --all good choices.The sauces are broth like, not thick and gravy like. I can't comment on their Chinese food--I always order Thai.
5	There are not enough great things to say about this place....it is awesome! The owner Michael is super friendly and always out and about in the restaurant chatting with guests...it gives you that warn kind of homey kind of feeling....the food is always phenomenal and the service by Rachel and the other servers is always top notch...your water glass will never even come close to being empty (my ultimate pet peeve)...and they remember the little things about your order the next time you come in to dine...no lemon in my water...extra spicy noodles...or the fact that I like TWO fortune cookies when I leave...they always remember...and I love that!! The combo of great food AND great service is hard to come by...so kudos to Bangkok 9....I heart you!
4	This is a good place to eat Thai.  The staff is great and the food is pretty good.  I love their sticky rice.  Be careful the cook makes everything pretty hot, even if you ask them to make it mild (that why only 4 stars) other wise everything we have tried is great.
3	My husband and I were visiting a friend at their work when they asked us if we wanted to get in on the Chinese food they were about to have delivered. I said sure (husband wasn't hungry),  and she pulled out the menu for Bangkok 9 for me to look over. I decided on the pineapple friend rice which had chicken, shrimp, pineapple, egg and tomato. We also got an order of spring rolls and crab rangoons. I don't recall the actual prices of anything but everything was reasonable. Our food arrived fairly quickly. I had a ton of pineapple in my rice. Would have liked a little more shrimp and the tomato was kind of odd but otherwise it was tasty. Even with my husband having a little there was lots left over, huge portions. I liked the rangoons a lot, they had a generous amount of crab and cream cheese stuffing. Spring rolls were fine, not sure I'd order them again though. Overall not a bad dinner experience. I wouldn't mind trying other menu items in the future.
5	WOW!!Went to dinner and a friend picked this place. I have never eaten here and was secretly excited so I could YELP it.I do not have much experience with Thai food, but am willing to try anything at least once.We ordered an appetizer of cream cheese rangoon then Yum Yai Salad and  i had Shrimp Pineapple Curry , He had a chicken curry.  Two Totally different curry dishes but both were spectacular. The food was delicious, the facility was clean and service? well that was awesome, My glass was always full, they brought a clean plate after our appetizer and salad. But the best thing? Great food at an unbelievably good price.  Truly good food.  This is definitely going to become one of my favorite places.
4	Much better than I expected.  The service when we visited was very attentive.  I wasn't feeling the lunch menu much but they let me order from the dinner menu.  We had steamed veggie dumplings, deep fried strip beef and deep fried strip chicken.  I loved those dumplings and the sauces on the entrees were excellent.Good food, good prices and good service.  I definitely have to come back here and check out some of the other selections.
4	This restaurant is one of those strip mall hole-in-the-wall types.  It's tucked away, unseeming, and with little character on the outside.   Frank chose this place on yelp and, to my dismay, we sat in the car justifying our choice for eating here.We hesitated a bit while walking toward the door, unsure of what lay ahead, but we sucked it up and entered the front door holding our breath and expected the worst (dirty floors, bad service, poor food).  Thankfully, we were wrong.  This cute restaurant has the old school bamboo chairs and tables with menus ready to go.  There are a few servers ready to take your order and watching each table for refills or other needs.  We were seated promptly, received our drink order within a minute and took a good look at the menu.Their lunch menu is simple--choose a meat, choose a sauce and it's 5.95. We wanted the regular menu, though, so we glanced at it and discovered some interesting dishes we never heard of; two, in fact: Bangkok 9 stripped crispy chicken and the beef.  They both had the same finish--a sweet chili sauce with garlic.  I decided to jump in and try something that sounded different to me, and we ordered off the regular menu at 8 dollars a pop.The food didn't take long at all, and we were occupied with their lovely steamed (by request) vegetable dumplings that had the thai flavors mixed in.  The sweet soy dip was great, too, and judging by the appetizer we assumed that the lunch itself would be great.  We were right.  First off, the food was beautiful.  The chicken dish was shiny and glazed over with this transluscent, orange chili sauce.  It smelled fantastic.  Although flour coated fried stripped beef doesn't look as appealing, it didn't taste anything like the visual expectation of it.Their sauce on these dishes are great; sweet, slightly spicy (you can order no heat) and had a garlic (subtle) finish.  The chicken and beef remain nice and crispy despite the sauce, which is something I always look for in fried dishes like that.  It was like eating crispy light pieces of chicken heaven drenched in sweet love.  The plates were piled high, too, so sure enough we had leftovers for lunch the next day.They provide a bowl of rice enough for 3 - 4 helpings between 2 people, and because the sauce is slightly tangy and sweet (it's really like a thai version of a sweet & sour, but better) the rice is nice to cut that while eating.  By the time we finished the rice bowl was cleaned out and the leftovers neatly packed with more rice (they did it on their own, which was nice).  We patted our tummies and paid a 20 dollar bill (not including tip) that includes 2 dishes, an appetizer and drinks!  Their lunch menu, although cheaper, was good, but I'm so glad we tried their Bangkok 9 dishes instead.If you're looking for cheap eats in a place where two worlds collide on a plate, try this hidden restaurant in Henderson near Hobby Lobby.  It's good, it's filling, and it doesn't put a hole in your wallet.  You know how I know it was good?  I dreamt about it and craved it the next day.  As a matter of fact I'm going to end this now so I can drive down there for dinner.  Ciao!PS: If any Guam people read this review, remember House of Chin Fee?  The chicken dish I refer to tastes like their sweet & sour chicken.  I grew up on it, so I'm a fan :)
2	The service, was attentive, I'll give them that, but do I really need my water re-filled after every drink??  Moving on to the food, The Pad Thai was just not good, barely any veggies, no taste, good portion, but NO thanks.  I forgot what my friend ordered, but he wasnt pleased either and both of us will not be going back.
3	I went here with a friend from work and his family.  He's got three kids, and I was pretty amazed that he got them to eat Thai!  Well, the food here is modeled after Thai, but its not as authentic as Thai Grill and Thai Style Noodle House (among others).  However, to be fair, Bangkok 9 advertises itself as a Thai-Chinese fusion restaurant, so I will be judging it based on that advertisement.  I tasted the Tom Kha Kai, fried rice with shrimp, the Pad Thai, and the Pad See Eew.  I'd have to say that although it isn't the most authentic Thai food, it was made with fresh ingredients.  The Tom Kha Kai was very sweet, and not spicy at all, which I think was done on purpose for the kids.  The Pad Thai had a bit of red food coloring in the noodles, and I wasn't too into the taste of that dish.  The Pad See Eew with pork was my favorite dish.  It was served with American broccoli, but the taste of the sauce had a light sweetness, and with some added Thai peppers it was pretty good.  The service was absolutely superb.  They poured our Tom Kha Kai for us, and offered to bag our left overs for us.  They were very tentative, always keeping our drinks nice and full.  We even got two complimentary servings of fried banana and ice cream on the house!This is a good place for folks who want something different, but aren't exactly Thai food snobs.  Its also really good for kids.  I was impressed with how they handled our large party.
1	So gross! They don't even deserve a single star. Order $40 worth of food and the sea food chomein made me sick to my stomach. Waste of money!
3	02/15/11 DINNER. ONLY DID DELIVERY, SO SERVICE NOT REVIEWED. Hot & sour soup quite good, filled with lots of stuff. Crabmeat fried rice good, not great. Panang duck was good, spicy, but not much flavor in duck. (Guess can't complain for the price, under $10.) Spicy noodle, with chicken, shrimp AND squid, was outstanding. In every dish we asked for spicy, VERY spicy, where appropriate, and we got spicy. Final price tag was HIGHER than advertised on website, even factoring in tax, so either they've raised prices OR they are indeed charging for delivery (even tho website says free with $15 purchase). Overall, some really good thai food, but nothing to go out of the way for.
5	Wonderful Thai food! Service is exceptional and food comes out hot and quick. They box your food up for you when finished and my water glass was never more than half empty! I had the hot #1 dish and have also had the Bangkok 9 deep fried chicken with garlic sauce. Chicken was moist and the dishes were full of flavor. Fried chicken was lightly battered and the sauce was thin and light. The hot#1 chicken curry dish was spicy and robust. Definitely my favorite Thai food for a fantastically low price!
4	So we're not talking about fine dining here, we are speaking of your traditional Thai/Chinese food establishment complete with Buddha statue and Asian fans mounted to the walls. Service was timely and professional, food was not scary at all and in fact very tasty. Egg rolls were pretty good if you forgo the fact all of the filling falls out on the first bite. The soup was spicy and fantastic and definitely hit the spot. Fried rice was pretty traditional and what you'd expect from an establishment such as this. And the Pad Thai was flavorful yet interesting.. My only disappointment was the fact that the Pad Thai noodles looked more like spaghetti than your traditional "fettuccine" shaped noodle. Delicious on day one but the left overs pretty much summed up why I don't usually care for left overs. The tastiness disappeared once the food was refrigerated and reheated.. Oh well! Just go to Bangkok 9 eat, drink, and be merry and forget the wasting a tree (to-go box) to bring your leftovers in. Only good the first time around. Would I follow up Bangkok 9 with a repeat visit, absolutely! Traditional, and tasty, those are my words to sum up this experience.
4	Nice little Mom & Pop place.  Food was good quality.  Prices were reasonable.  Service was good.  I'd recommend this place for lunch.  The food was surprisedly good.  I really can't wait to go back and try another dish.  Deserts were good and they had lunch specials if you don't want to order from menu. I'd definately recommend this place for lunch
5	Great food and great prices!! My favorite is the green curry.
2	Good thai tea!Horrible food. Pad thai look like it was food colored and the noodle stick together. Salted fried chicken was too dry. Would not recommend.
1	Lunch specials & staff have always been consistently good, but we ordered dinner for pick-up and it was awful, just AWFUL.  Two noodle dishes were overcooked to a stuck together glob. Just over-spiced with hot sauce and had almost NO veg mixed in.  Spring roll was tasteless & poorly assembled too.  It was so bad we have decided to even stop going at lunch as we will not support a restaurant that would put out as sub par as we they gave us tonight.
4	You have to try the fried trout with a sweet and sour sauce.  We usually don't order the fish abut we were feeling adventurous and it was the BEST. the coconut soup is also delicious.
3	Decent place for Thai food, not spicy at all even when you ask for heat. Lettuce wraps are good but we boosted the flavor with some red sauce that was on the table. My wife had yellow curry and it was good. I had the Pad Thai and it was good, but a little undercooked in the noodle department. Tiny thin noodles, but I don't care. Good standby place if you are in the area, but sadly not a place we will plan to make a trip to.
1	Ordered Beef Chow Mein...more like dry beef and carrots on spaghetti noodles, no sauce or flavor. Beef and broccoli for my girls was the same flavorless beef and boiled soft broccoli, again the sauce was like broth.Hot and sour soup was thick and very salty...the exact opposite of the sauces on the other two dishes...if they would meet somewhere in the middle they would at least be average but sad to say i spent $30 on probably the worst take out ever
2	The only reason I'm giving 2 stars is the guy taking my to go order was really nice & helpful. Otherwise it was a pretty expensive meal to feed the dogs although they seemed to enjoy it. Ordered 3 entrees, explained that i was vegan so NO animal products including fish sauce, egg or even honey. Listed exactly what I wanted for the pad Thai- noodles, scallions & bean sprouts only, pad see ew with vegetables and panning curry with veggies. It was wrapped up securely for the drive home so it wasn't til I got home & started plating the food that I saw that the noodle dishes both were full of veggies & scrambled egg. Plus I've never seen pad Thai sauce that is bright orange & really sticky. I didn't try the panang but SO didn't eat more than 2 bites & his description of the panning & pad Thai was "horrible". I should have read more reviews, Xuankieu was so right.
1	Disappointed. The noodles in the chow mein were no more than plain spaghetti noodles.  Nothing had that great of quality. The cashew chicken was alright but I've had much better.. Everything was just ok, don't think we'll be trying again
5	First off, I came here specifically because of the pictures provided by Trina T. of the Bangkok 9 stripped crispy chicken.  It looked positively delicious.  I fantasized about it for several days afterwards in order to build up the appropriate appetite for it.  When I arrived at the restaurant and glanced at the menu, it was nowhere to be found.  I was terror-stricken.  I asked them if it was still available and they assured me, yes, they now changed the name of it to orange chicken.  I thought to myself: oh great, not another orange chicken.  I didn't see anything else I thought I'd like on the menu, so I decided to order it anyway (orange chicken is the white man's safe choice, after all)...and I'm so glad I did.  Wow, I was not expecting that.  The chicken was perfect -- crispy and crunchy on the outside, soft and tender on the inside (I could cut it with a fork).  The sauce was delicious; not too overpowering, not too syrupy or sticky and with a decidedly unique flavoring.  The portions were huge (I have dinner packed for tonight) and the price was just right for the level and quality of food being served.  Holy crap, I can't recommend it any better than that.  Hands down the best "orange" chicken I've had since moving to Henderson.  In addition, the waitresses were friendly (and cute) and constantly checking up on me, refilling my drink and not making me feel bad about dining alone like a pathetic loser.  An easy 5 stars from me, and I'm pretty stingy with my stars.
4	Love the Wor Wonton hot pot soup with everything including the kitchen sink.  Excellent pot-stickers.   Service is always good, I like the family run atmosphere.We always seem to just have the soup, it's good every time.  The other dishes look and smell good, next time we have try something different.
5	This little gem is consistently great! The service is phenominal. The curry dishes (all of them) are exemplary. It reminds me of the best little restaurant in Chang Mai.
5	When my gf lets me I frequent this place as often as possible. The people are so friendly and I would consider myself as a frequent customer to this establishment. Try the pad thai with chilli sauce and a bo bo drink. YUM
4	Good food, better service. While I would never say this is the best Tai restaurant, it is quite good. Food is always fresh, hot, and prepared very quickly.Even better than the food is the service. They are some of the friendliest people in town. I can go months without coming in and they will ask me about my wife and kid as well as my parents who don't even live in town. As long as the continue to have good food and service, I will continue to be a customer.
1	Alright, this place is horrid. I went a couple of times already. The first time, i thought the food was decent. Then it went down hill from there. My wife and her friend went there to catch up on stuff and i had them order me a Pad Thai. There was egg shells in the meal.....Not a good thing. Then today, i ordered 2 Pad Thais to go. Sure the portions were big but they cooked under 5 minutes. That also is not a good sign. I took a bite and there was not a hint of flavor. It was like i was eating spaghetti noodles without sauce. VERY DISAPPOINTED!
5	Great food, great friendly staff and good prices.  I go here about once a week and have never had a bad meal.  There hot n sour soup is the best.
2	Boy how things have changed.  The staff and menu are the same, but the way the food is prepared is completely different (not in a good way) and the service has become very slow.I'm not sure what happened, by I hope they get their act together.
1	I have no idea what the food was like here, we were waiting for our food & a roach crawled out from behind the condiments on our table! when we brought it to the servers attention & let her know that we were no longer interested in eating there she didn't even apologize & asked us to post for our drinks...blew my mind! never again!
3	I've been here several times for the their lunch specials because it is close to our school, and it's pretty reasonably priced. For around 6 bucks, you get a good amount of food for a lunch, and a decent amount of variety. It looks like any small thai restaurant does inside-- bamboo and statues help create a pleasant vibe.I've had the green, red, and panang curries, and I've also tried their glass noodles. It's a great little spot for a casual lunch hour. Much better than the Pad Thai restaurant located near the Valley Hospital Medical Center. The service is decent, and I was satisfied with the seasoning of the food every time I ate here. The portions are just right if you are in need of lunch sized servings. Don't get me wrong-- it doesn't blow you away but it certainly brings you back. I wouldn't waste my time for dinner here because there are better, higher quality establishments out there for such an occasion but if you want to save money, who am I to judge? It sure beats the hell out of crappy fast food Chinese. You'll get in, get your food quickly, scarf it down, and be happy you came here.
2	When Opening the Door it had that grimy look with wall-paper peeling off the walls and the Health Inspection rating Hiding somewhere. I ordered the Pineapple Fried Rice with Shrimp, Cashews and Chicken.A rather Bland dish with a couple of Overcooked Shrimp and did I mention Tasteless. The Egg-Drop soup was possibly some of the thickest I've ever had. I understand that at one time this was an excellent place to eat, however since both locations have been re-inspected from their 'C" Health inspections I think the owners have lost heart and no longer care about the survival of these places.
5	I love this place. I have been coming a long time and it has always been great. My husband likes spicy, so he goes for those kind of dishes. I like not spicy, so I go for the assorted vegetable with chicken. Great sauce, great prices.
3	This review was for our food pick-up this week. 3 stars because they gave good service. The food - not good.We ordered the beef w/ mixed vegetables, the shrimp won ton soup, and panang curry. The lady who took my phone order was very nice and helpful, assisted me in deciding which curry to get, even offered to put in potatoes in the panang when I was on the fence of ordering my usual yellow curry. My order was ready when I got there in 10 minutes. Everyone was friendly and thanked me when I left.So the food... the shrimp won ton soup was for my boyfriend. Good thing I ordered a small because he barely ate it. The mixed vegetables looked dark, not crisp, and just not fresh at all, drowned in a sauce that smelled funny. The panang curry was decent, but not the level 6 spicy I requested.They seem to have good prices, definitely would've liked taking advantage of their lunch specials, but I'm not sure I can give the food another chance. The good service saved this from being 2 or 1 star review.
1	Been wanting to try this place for a while since I love Thai food and always go to the nail salon next door. I finally had a chance to go during my lunch hour. There was only one waiter and a manager at the cash register. Already, I thought how are they going to manage during the lunch rush. The waiter got our drinks and gave us menus and then it was the manager who took our order. I was really excited to try the food especially at their good price. 40 minutes later everyone else had been served, but our food still had not arrived. I saw him look over at me from over the counter and notice that we were not served yet so he called out to the cook. The cook never got our order!! The manager played it off thinking I didn't know what was going on and asked if we wanted soup. I immediately got up, grabbed my bag, and told my husband to leave. The manager, with a big smile on his face called out "BYE!". He thought it was funny. I was fuming. DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE. VERY UNPROFESSIONAL. BAD SERVICE.
2	My husband and I visited 3 times.  The first time was good--hot, spicy and well-priced. The second time was not as good.  Last week we decided to give it another try and we will not be back.  My main complaint is that the soup is goopy.  They put way too much corn starch in the broth.  The cashew chicken, which I ordered, was listed as slightly spicy.  Really?  It was very bland and lukewarm.  Though the meal was inexpensive (lunch for 2 people with tip, $20),--three strikes, you're out.
3	Lunch with my momNot Thai spicyOKSo, last Saturday, I had lunch with my mom at Bangkok 9 while waiting for the dealer to finish up repairs on her car. We were actually heading to L&L but when I saw Thai, she didn't argue with me when I suggested it. Nice, clean place. Open dining room - friendly staff. It wasn't very busy but it was a little on the warm side and if I lived in the Las Vegas Valley, I'd be out on the lake cooling off.Anyway, I opted for the Pad See Oew and I asked for Thai spicy. She didn't understand my request and asked me for a spice level from 1-10. I told her a 9 or 10. When my dish arrived, I was excited because it was steaming hot and it looked to be spicy as I could see the pepper flakes on the noodles and even on the vegetables. But it wasn't. That was a big disappointment for me because I wanted and I asked for really hot. Either they didn't feel like I could handle it or they just don't make it Thai spicy. Otherwise, the food as far as taste goes - was ok. It wasn't bad and I actually finished off the entire dish. But it wasn't so good that I'll make a trip out to Henderson to order that same dish again. Decent prices overall. Decent service as well. My mom really appreciated how they packaged up her to go container with the left over Mongolian Beef and white rice she didn't finish. They actually separated the two selections using foil in the same container. Attention to details like that got them the third star for me.
4	The gentleman running this place was incredibly kind and helpful to a noob like myself. He answered a ton of questions and was always willing to make suggestions. The food was right on point, leaving me sweating from the extra Thai chilli's that I had requested. I would definitely recommend giving this place a try. I am no Thai expert but their curry was delicious and I can't wait to go back.20 bucks for two people btw and that works for my wallet any day.
4	Here is a updated review since we seem to come here a little more often....Always really great service from the wait staff and although a small place there is always people dining there. The prices are very reasonable and the food is fresh and tasty. I wouldn't say it was high end gourmet dining, but we never had a bad  experience here. Consistent service, consistent food quality. We both like it and dine here at least once a month for good Thai/Chinese food.Appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 Thai teas = $30 for dinner AND we always have leftovers to take home for later.
4	Finally after 6 months of searching (with no luck) for an honest Chinese place that we can frequent, we have  found this place. Its a small, very clean, with amazing service and staff. The food is reallllly good and generous portions at a more than reasonable price. We were starting to think it was too much to ask for a neighborhood Chinese restaurant that we can frequent once a week or so. thrilled to have found Bangkok 9!!!!
4	I ordered Thai food to be delivered to my home yesterday.  I have to say delivery was quick but I was disappointed they did not read my notes to make my soup spicy.  It does change the whole taste of the Coconut soup if spice is not added. Chili pepper sauce was put in my delivery but not the powder pepper spice which was needed to add to my dishes since they did not add my spice. I will still order again for delivery because food is good, but will try to make it a point to spice up my food please.  I like it spicy hot.  I had the Green Curry also which was excellent just not spicy enough. The mango sticky rice should never be ordered for home delivery it was terrible waste of $4.
5	I've been going to this location for a few years and I've been served consistent dishes and I'm always pleased with the service. Even if you want to sit for an hour just drinking tea and talking after a meal they don't seem to rush you out.The Pad See Ew and Pad Thai are my go to dishes, and they always taste great. Just add a little chili sauce (conveniently placed right on the table for you) if you want more heat.
5	Love this little place! The food is consistently good and the service is always very attentive and friendly.  We've never had a bad experience.  They have a comfortable atmosphere, reasonable prices... all the things we hope for in our quick lunch-stop restaurants.  We usually order the Crab Rangoons to start, which are very good in comparison with a lot of other places.  I get the Chicken Krung Prow often and enjoy the spicy kick it has, while my husband explores the menu ordering something different every time, and seems to never have anything negative to say about any of his dishes.  Rice is, of course, included, and our drinks have not ever run out before someone is swooping in with a refill.Honestly, the food could be half as good and we'd still make regular stops based on the service alone.  You are really taken care of here!
5	Terrific little strip-mall restaurant, run by friendly people, and most importantly -- everyone loved their dinners!  We go with friends on Friday nights, and a few people order the eggplant (which normally I hate, but this one's pretty good.)  For me, the Mango Chicken has a wonderful sweet taste and the chicken stays crispy.  Same for the Orange Beef  -- crunchy till the end (previously called the Bangkok 9 Beef, or the Strip Beef.)  I do not like the Pad Thai, too fishy.  But my friend loved the fish filet, and used rice to soak up all the tasty juices off the plate.  The lettuce wraps were ok ... but nothing better than I make at home, def not better than PF Changs, my go-to for lettuce cups.
1	Egg rolls were over cooked and hard. My dish was hot when I finally got it. My kids (love Thai food) ate less than 1/4th of their food and said they could not eat it. :(
4	I decided to stop here because it was sort of close by and I have passed it a million times. Im glad I stopped by. Again I know Im in the right place with Im surrounded by Asian patrons. I had the lunch special which was 5.99. The soup was rich and flavorful for chicken soup. I had the cashew nut delight with squid and it was really delicious. The thai iced  tea was great. I have never had it before and was pleasantly surprised.I will be back
5	Amazing! Really good food, large portions, great prices.. I love Thai food, and this is the best in Vegas I have tried so far. Must go here..
4	Been here once before and the food continued to satiate my ever hungry palate.  The first time around I went with the pineapple fried rice, usually a safe bet at any Thai joint.  The fried rice was delicious on that go so I made it a point to be a little more adventurous and try something else on the menu and step out of my shell a little bit.  I went for the Rad Na and it was definitely just as, if not more, delicious than the fried rice.  Yeah, I know it's apples and oranges here, but I'm definitely glad I stepped out of my box and tried something I usually wouldn't go for.  The sauce was light, delectable, and good all the way to the end.  The only downside here at the "9" is that I didn't see a lunch special menu.. but the tasty grubs made up for it and made me forget about the regular price on my dish.Good grubs, will be back soon!
2	I really wanted to like the food here because the service is great.  The staff members were very friendly and my order was finished quickly.  The service was so good that I can't in good conscience  give them a one star review.  5 stars for service, 1 star for the food... "Meh.  I've experienced better." is the best way to describe my opinion about the restaurant overall.I ordered a curry dish.  The rice and veggies were cooked well, but it was hard to enjoy it because the curry was sooooooo greasy.  You could actually see the separation in the container, but mixing it didn't help the overpowering greasiness.  I've never experienced anything like it.  I honestly don't understand the positive remarks about the food.  Perhaps I will try again, but I'm not in a hurry to do so anytime soon.
2	Really nice staff, the service was great. But I don't know why this place gets such good review for the food. I wanted to like it, but it feel short. Everything I ordered ( 3 dishes ) had no real good flavor. Kinda a let down on this place. I probably won't be back. But I do want to note again, that the staff were awesome.
4	I love this place. The best time to go is during lunch for the special. What I love about this place is its character. The food is good but not great. However that is not why I like the place. It just has a special feel about it that makes it authentic while not having everything dressed up in Thai attire. You wont regret your decision to eat here!
5	Bangkok 9 is easily one of the best restauraunts in the state. My regulars are the Tom Kha soup, the cream cheese rangoons, and the Yum Nua salad (medium spice.)It's a hidden gem, and I will be coming back like I have been for the last 3 years. =) five stars for great food, cozy atmosphere, and best service possible!!
3	The food wasn't very memorable. My mom's peanut chicken and tofu wasn't super temperature hot, and my curry wasn't very spice hot, but both had good enough flavor. I was trying to find some new Thai in the area since I feel Penn's has gone downhill in quality and uphill in price. This place didnt seal the deal for me. Lunch specials were decently priced, and service was alright. Probably wouldn't go back on my Thai food quest.
5	I always order the same thing when I come here. Chicken Satay & Pad Thai. w/ Thai Tea. Service is on point the waitress knows I want the same  thing no need for the menu.....Good spot for lunch.......
5	I come here so often, I probably pay their electric bill. Lol Always an awesome meal with great service. Lots of food for low prices. No complaints here & the Pad Thai & Wonton Soup are always my go to choices :) Definitely recommend to anyone who wants to find a new "Hole-in-the-Wall" kind of places!
2	I was hoping to find another good Thai place. Nope, not this place. I did love that we could order completely online and pick it up, but my love stops there.I ordered the Spicy Noodle that came with chicken, shrimp and squid. The squid was more like a squid version of a chicken nugget! The chicken was sooo dry and it had like 2 shrimp. The flavor was spicy, but not a flavorful spicy. I will say that the noodles were nice and done. It also had no sauce at all. My Mom ordered the Mongolian Chicken. In ordering online I put in the notes that her's was not be very spicy. Wow, her's was spicier then mine and the chicken was soooo dry! My husband got the Pad See Oiw with pork. His lacked flavor as well and had very dry pork. If his had the sauce it was supposed to have it at least would have been bearable.Overall, I will say the portion size was nice, but it wasn't tasty so that really didn't matter. I'll stick with other places that I know are good. Meh explains it ALL!
5	The best  glass noodles in town. Friendly staff make you feel at home and even make you feel like family. I didn't feel like leaving the house so they came to me how awesome is that?
5	Oh Bangkok 9.I miss living around the corner  from you.Every time I've ordered or dined in here, I've had great service, and great food.The Golden Bags are a revelation.I love curry...my favorites are the yellow, the panang, and the masaman.  I'm going to have to go back soon, I'm craving good curry!
5	I love this place! nice family owned, hole in a wall restaurant. I been eating here since 2005. My favorites are pineapple shrimp curry, fried pork chop, pad Thai, Thai tea and Thai coffee. My go to when I'm feeling lazy because they deliver too.
2	I ordered delivery from here because of the good reviews. It wasn't gross, but it wasn't good either. I don't understand how all the flavor can be sucked out of thai food. I have definitely had better.
5	Love this place! Been going here for years! Delivery and in restaurant services are great! Must go if you're around Sunset - Stephanie area!
3	Decent Thai and Chinese food. Prices are pretty much on par with similar restaurants. Portions are big enough to be shared with a friend, or save some for later or just pig out now!Our group of 7 came in for lunch. We were well taken care of, the staff was very nice and accommodating. Some of the dishes we got were Mongolian Beef, Pad Thai, Spicy Noodle, Curry Panang, and Fried Rice. I think the chicken was a bit dry. Shrimp and beef were very good. All the vegetables were fresh and crisp. All the meals had good flavor but minimal spice or heat. You can ask them to kick up the heat or add your own if you like it hot.I would eat here again.
3	This is the closest place to us and we'd rather drive for Thai...if they tells you a little. We eat here in a crunch, but the shrimp tastes like it's been frozen and over cooked and the menu is large and confusing...there are better places! But you won't get sick and the food isn't awful- as long as you don't get seafood!
5	I have eaten here for lunch and for dinner and have even called in orders and taken there food home. I enjoy it every time the food is always good. Prices are great and you never go away hungry. The people are always friendly and thankful. Will be back.
2	Meh. Great service, blah food, but it was cheap. That's the only thing this place has going for it. The bathroom was clean, so there's that.
3	There are a lot of really great dishes here. I highly recommend the Massaman Curry, the Red Curry and the Orange Beef (used to be called Crispy Beef). The Thai dishes here are pretty good, but the Chinese offerings are rather bland. The Chow Mein is more like Chow Lame. When I started eating here 6-7 years ago, the egg rolls were made fresh and were amazing. Recently, I've noticed they are very soggy inside, and don't seem fresh. I suspect they are using frozen rolls, which is a shame. I've also noticed that the quality of the food is inconsistent from day to day. The food ordered on weekdays is typically less quality than weekends. My guess is that different chefs work different days. You can tell because the difference is really noticeable.
5	Great food and prices. Quick friendly service. I had red curry and my wife had teriyaki chicken. We loved them.
5	Best thai food I've had so far in Las Vegas. Very nice little spot,  clean. Food comes quickly,  very generous serving and always tastes delicious!  I'm currently trying my way through their curry menu - yumm!!!!
4	I spoke to a young lady over the phone and ordered chicken pad thai and spring rolls for dinner.  The young lady didn't know what spring roll was which was completely awkward.  I explained to her what spring roll is.  After that she told me it will take 10 minutes.  Asked her if she needs my name over the phone, she said no I have your number, which was awkward to say the least.  I arrived there to pick up my order, order was right, orders are delicious.  Managers need to train there employees there much better for service and how to take orders better over the phone.  That is why this place got a 4 out 5 stars
4	Love this place for their authenticity and family-like service. Have been there 3 times and never disappointed. Seems like a lot of "take out" customers so there is usually quick seating. The staff is attentive but not pushy. Have enjoyed the fried tofu, the eggplant delight, and the crispy chicken with mango. Did not enjoy the crispy duck not the salt & pepper pork chop, but will definitely keep trying new items.
4	If you enjoy Thai food like myself then this a must in Henderson area..
5	Had I been yelping a few years ago I would've been a duchess of this place.. but seriously, I've never had such amazing Thai food till I came across this restaurant. I usually always get the same thing. Honey walnut shrimp and Pad thai with chicken and shrimp. For those of you who are unfamiliar with pad thai its definitely a staple of Thai restaurants which offers a thrilling mix of stir-fried noodles, peanuts (optional), egg, tamarind sauce and your choice of meat. The honey walnut shrimp is made to perfection (you can really taste the authenticity of the dish). Service is absolutely wonderful. Since I go there often, they already know exactly what I come for. I definitely recommend this to everybody and anybody, you'll all be in for a delicious treat!
4	Great food. Yellow chicken curry was great!  Beef salad has a nice flavor.  Fresh food and taste great.
5	I always enjoy eating here because their service is always good. They always ask how you are doing and if everything is good with the food. Their food comes out pretty quick and I usually order panang chicken. I also recommend eating their honey walnut shrimp and pad Thai, it's so delicious.
1	Probably some of the most uninspired and on original Thai food I have ever had.   The Satay was deep fried.  The Thai barbecue chicken, it is not barbecued. It is cut up into small pieces and deep fried. Exact same taste it has the satay but with no peanut sauce.  Mee Krob Was essentially noodles with sweet-and-sour sauce on it.Some of the vegetables that we had, they were wilted and notably old.  There are better options out there, I would not waste your time here.    I will upload a photo of the barbecue chicken
1	Absolutely disgusting.  Ive been here before and it was good. I just tried it again and got pad thai. The chicken was old and smelled and the shrimp was overcooked and not cleaned. I will never return and wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
5	Really love this place for Thai food! Excellent and friendly customer service and delicious dishes. I highly recommend sitting in and getting the big pot of Tom Yum. I also really enjoyed the Pad Woonsen and their crab rangoons. They also have really good house sweet and sour sauce
1	So we were in the shopping center and he decided that since I like Thai food, we would go here. I was hoping they had improved since my last visit. Service was good, food is not with returning for. The pad Thai was so sticky clumps of it dangled from the fork for over a minute- kind of like that dried out spaghetti on a buffet, looked like & even tasted like rubber bands. Maybe 5 pieces of green onion in the whole dish (less than a full green onion) which made it extremely bland. Even the wide rice noodles in the spicy Thai noodle were rubbery. I know it is not just me when he says "the food is s**t here". I do believe this is the worst Thai restaurant we've ever been to. Maybe since the employees are Chinese. Guaranteed not to give them another try for 3 strikes.
5	I have been going here for 11 years. The server always remembers what my whole family orders. I've never had a bad meal here. The restaurant is always clean, food & service are excellent.
5	I love the Pad Thai Noodles with Chicken and Shrimp!  I like to drop by Bangkok 9 every time I'm in town (sometimes two or three times per visit!)  I always phone in my Pad Thai order so it is ready when I arrive.  I've never been disappointed.  The noodles and onions are full of flavor and the meat is always fresh.  I'll always be a return customer!
4	First off, we LOVE a good curry, and Bangkok 9 delivers!  You can get a great lunch special that comes with a salad with peanut dressing or a salad.First off, peanut salad dressing......this dressing would make George Washington Carver cry with sweet tears of joy.  I didn't think something that was akin to peanut butter mixed with some spices and what I was guessing was some vinaigrette would be so delicious on a salad.  Well punch me in the gut and tell me I was wrong....cause I'm wrong.Second, the owners and operators are super friendly.  While we were eating we could hear them talking to customers, who were were assuming are regulars, as the owner/operators were asking where they were yesterday.Lastly, the coconut ice cream does NOT disappoint.  I whole heartily believe that if mana where to fall from heave in the form of coconut ice cream this would be it.  It was creamy, cool, and oh so coco nutty..........sorry I blacked out remembering this delicious cool treat.  I've been multiple times and it never  disappoints.
1	We ordered to go, and the food was not great. We will not eat here again. We ordered the red curry chicken. It was watered down like soup, and other than the hot chile, there wasn't much flavor in it.  We ordered the chicken satay. My 6 year old said," How am I supposed to eat this, it is so hard?" It was so hard and dry she couldn't even bite into it. We ordered the ginger chicken- again watery broth and you couldn't even taste the ginger.
3	Love the panang curry chicken! The kra prow is really good too. Went today for some quick takeout and the service is friendly and fast. I was even asked if I wanted water while I waited.Prices are reasonable and the portions are pretty large by today's standards. Most dishes come with rice and you choose the level of spice you want. Beware the hot stuff! Even the mild spicy has a kick to it, but the spicy stuff will knock your socks off! I will be back!
5	Best food ever & service is amazing :) if in the area this is a must go !! Chicken won ton salad wraps yummy beyond words  !! Love this place !!
5	Awesome food! One of our favorite spots :-). The Chef's fried rice and bbq chicken is phenomenal.
5	Lunch special VERY good. 5.95 for chicken curry, rice egg roll and soup or salad! Even have a full portion to go left over. Also go hot Jasmine, only 1.50 for the whole pot # good times!:)ps they take credit card (not debit)
2	I've avoided this place for years due to the average Yelp rating. Thought I would finally give them a shot after reading good things about it from friends and seeing how cheap their lunch specials are ($5.95) in their insert in the weekly postal ads.I went for the pad see oew (with beef), which I feel is generally is a safe choice. My choice of egg drop soup (instead of salad with peanut sauce) arrived quickly. It was in the lower range of hot, not scalding. Worse yet, it was bland. There is nothing memorable about it but the lack of flavor.I still hadn't finished the foreboding soup entirely by the time my entree arrived. It concerned me that it came out so quickly, and I could tell from the first bite that there just wasn't a lot of sauce. Sure, the noodles were hot and not undercooked, and the veggies were decent, but you need to have that sweet and savory flavor to make the pad see oew what it is. The meat was okay but didn't really have any bite to it. It basically felt like a half-hearted attempt from a Chinese cook to do a Thai dish. Why Chinese? Because I recognized the language spoken by the employees and because no self-respecting Thai restaurant ever serves fortune cookies.I also sampled some of my friend's pad thai. Similar sauce issues, similar passable level of cooking. My egg roll, which I finally tried later on in the meal, was almost a typical uninspired vegetarian egg roll except for how mushy the filling was.In spite of how cheap the meal was, it was some of the worst Thai food that I've had. I was thinking about coming back to try a curry, but I don't have much faith that they'll execute it properly since they can't pull off the classic noodle dishes. Also, I would rather avoid the egg roll. I will stick to Thai Food To Go for awesome lunch specials or perhaps Penn's Thai House or Thai Chili for a short drive.
4	Every time I eat here, my dish is better than the last. Thai tea and Panang Duck is all I need in my life.
5	The food is always delicious, and the service is always amazing, everyone is always so nice and greeting! This is my favorite thai food place, too bad it's so far from home! Some of my favorite things are the salt and pepper squid, the cream cheese rangoons and the panang curry.
2	I got the pad thai which I assume can never be messed up at a Thai place but I was wrong. The chicken tasted old and the noodles were stuck together in one big lump. The shrimp was okay I guess but the meal as a whole was not impressive. Sadly after I ate it I read some reviews and there was similar experiences. Bummed cause I live close by and was hoping for a good Thai place but I won't be coming here again.
4	I usually come here during my lunch break. 11-3pm. It starts at 5.95. More for shrimp. 1. Red curry chicken2. Green curry chicken 3. Panang curry beef 4. Eggplant tofu 5. Pad see ew Lunches come with egg drop soup, white rice, and fried egg roll- Fast service. Food ready within 5-10min. It's not too hectic where it will take longer than an hour to eat. I'm usually in and out in 30 minutes. - Curry is pretty good, but thin. needs more spice. - Eggplant tofu, not enough eggplant. - Chinese broccoli not in Pad see ew. Regular broccoli.- Beef and chicken are tender. - Left over spice rack.- I feel that food is already made, just microwaved? Not too fresh?- Quality is not the best, but for lunch, I rank this place great! Satifying for what it's worth.
5	Excellent Food and Service, pricing is reasonable.  Unlike other oriental restaurants each dish had a different and distinctive flavor,  The Teriyaki sauces is light and Favorable, Salt/Pepper squid is excellent!The service is superb!  Adequate attention without interference and there when you need them!
4	Great curry, beef salad and noodle dishes.  Not as spicy as first time I came here but they have ground flakes on the table along with soy and fish sauce.  Always enjoy eating here when I'm on this end of town.
4	Great Small mom & pop Thai place that has been here for years and they always have friendly and helpful staff.They have a Mon-Fri lunch special, that is worth a try for $5.95.They have some liquor and they do Bobas.And if course teas.
4	This is our favorite Thai spot when shopping at Galleria mall.  Server knows our order and is always happy to see us and makes us feel welcome.
4	Super fast delivery!! Food was pretty good too. The online ordering made things easy. Picking the level of spice for orange chicken was new to me but it was very good. There was a $2.00 delivery charge.I will be ordering from them again.
2	This is only a review for the Thai dishes, which were all mediocre at best. Pad See Ew had very little flavor, same with the Tom Kha Kai soup. Red curry was watery and flavorless. But at least the service was friendly.
5	The service is outstanding! never had a badMeal & my favorite is the tempura & the TomYumSoup!! I have been visiting this restaurant forYears!!
5	Went here for Christmas Eve and the people are very nice and polite. I ordered a lot of food to-go and the food was really good. My favorite was the salt and pepper pork chop, and the egg rolls. One of the workers (maybe he was the owner) asked me how many people are going to be eating and I told him about 10, and he ended up giving me 10 free egg rolls. He also helped us get the food in my car. I don't usually get a lot of customer service from asian restaurants, so I was surprised with this restaurant. I'm definitely going to be coming back.
