4	This place is great! I love getting the first morning appointment. I'm in, they clean my teeth, and I'm out. Super easy and very friendly. They always call to confirm the day before and send the reminder card in the mail a few weeks before. Plus, if you go for cleaning every six months, you get two free tubes of whitening gel!!
1	Do not go to this office unless you want to be ripped off. I have been going to this group for 12 years. I have seen dentists come and go and never once have I had one cavity or had any spots even 'flagged'. I saw a new dentist this time and she not only talked down to me as if I was a child, she told me I have two cavities that needed filled.  They chose to show me "pictures" of my teeth and not the X-rays trying to make the case. Really?! I can tell you where I WON'T be going for my next cleaning.
4	I get soo nervous going to the dentist, but the people here are very nice and welcoming like a good friend!
1	First, when reading reviews,  I think it is important to look at dates of last review. Although there are reviews for this office they are over a year + old so here is a current one.  I took my daughter here for an issue she had from a previous dentist and the doctor we saw was OK BUT the billing practices are to say the least questionable! I gave them my insurance information on the spot and was told they would get back to me on the cost of the work that my daughter needed to have done. Later that evening I actually received a call from the office requesting I pay my deductible right then. I advised I would not do that and wanted to wait to see what the actual bill came to after going through my insurance but they insisted it was a "fee for service" based office and I needed to make that payment. I obliged and sent in a check for the full deductible against my better judgment and I WAS  RIGHT!  A few days later I got an explanation of benefits from my provider that stated the "contracted and allowed amount" was only 1/2 of what they charged me for. After a lengthy and frustrating call to their "office manager"  she insisted I was incorrect that they had a "fax" that showed what I should pay "if I came in she could show it to me and go over it with me" and I would have to call my provider. So, as if I get paid to do their job,  I took time from my own business to do their job and spoke with my provider and again I was RIGHT. They are trying to charge me for charges that were not allowed by my provider..... When they finally  receive their copy of the explanation of benefits (not a generic fax) they will see they were incorrect. Now, lets just see if they make right with me and refund me the amount I overpaid. Keep in mind the next visit they wanted me to just hand over  $ 617.00 because they said that is what that charge will be... No thanks!
