3	This is a small restaurant inside Circus Circus. We walked over due to an ad about their $2.99 specials. We ordered 2 items from that menu: a foot long hot dog & a strawberry shortcake. Bf also ordered a burger which was very mediocre. The shortcake filled an entire large styrofoam box! It was also surprisingly moist & covered in strawberries (not fresh tho). The hot dog had a crisp skin & thick like a sausage.
4	This deli saved me from dying of starvation!After a long night of walking tirelessly walking up and down the strip, I was EXHAUSTED. By the time I returned to my hotel (circus circus), it was around 5am. I was SO extremely hungry and so I frantically searched for 24hr delivery services. It was harder than I thought. I couldn't find a single pizza delivery service open during that time. Frustrated, I went downstairs and found a small deli inside the hotel. Their prices were a bit up there.. I think for my turkey sandwich, it was about $9. But it was decently sized with a big portion of meat in it. Also, the sandwich did not come with condiments. You have to put the mustard or mayonnaise in yourself. The sandwich tasted heavenly.. but it might have been so because I was ravenous!
1	Worst hot dog ever.
3	Not bad for a 24-hour deli in Circus Circus. Sandwiches are large, but a little pricey. Nothing too speical. Just a nice, big deli sandwich, great for late night munchies.
5	Honestly the best place to eat at Circus Circus.I'm giving 5 stars because it's 24 hours, it serves everything from breakfast, sandwiches, soups and desserts at decent prices. This place literally saved me and my friends and didn't just fill our tummies as the food was pretty good itself.- The Chicken Noodle soup is explanatory in itself, it comes out hot with loads of large noodles and chicken and is given with a handful of saltines. - The California Sandwich has bacon, ham, swiss cheese, lettuce and tomato on wheat bread. The portion of this sandwich is enough for two! - The "Sunwich" is cheese, ham and egg on an English muffin with a side of their seasoned chunky potatoes and bell peppers.Their drink selection is pretty good too from milk, juice, gatorade, energy drinks and beer! The workers here are really friendly, though service can be a bit slow ... it's definitely worth the wait.
3	Coffee was weak, but hot. Selection of pastries and breakfast items was like a smaller Starbucks. But, it did have a wider choice of cooked items. And it's open 24/7 (unlike most Starbucks, except the one in N.J.)I got a delicious almond croissant and coffee with a bonus apple thrown in with a coupon I got for booking a room at Circus Circus. I feel sad that Janet N. says this is the best place to eat in this hotel!
4	Good. Cheap. Fast. After 100 ounce drink, the pastrami REALLY hit the spot!
3	Really not bad. I ordered a bowl of chicken noodle soup because I was freezing cold from being inside the ice cold Adventuredome. The noodles were huge the bowl was a good size and it had nice bits of chicken and some veggies in - good flavor! I also ordered a cheeseburger which comes with lettuce, tomato, red onion and a pickle spear I got jacked for from Hunnie Bunnie. UGH. This wasn't bad at all - not dried out or anything and a decent size as well. Hunnie Bunnie had a hot dog, the regular size, but there are footlong hotdogs which you can order like Matt P. did - also with a cheese, chili, or both option to add to the wiener!
3	Service is slow but friendly. Surprisingly decent prices even though it's in a Vegas casino. The "meaty" sunwich is delicious!
2	If you want quality, quantity, and reasonable prices--don't go here.  The food could hardly be deemed within an authentic deli realm.  The service is poor, the offerings minute, and taste lacking (chicken soup too salty, sandwiches bland, and desserts hardly unique or fresh).Even though they are open 24 hours, you have 24 hours to find another venue.  This is a side-show at Circus Circus that is not worth attending.
5	Super nice staff. Fast. Huge portions. Reasonable prices. Totally recommend! I live next door so it's difficult to find decent food around me since I don't want to live like a tourist all the time. I'm really glad I found this nice little deli. It's easy to access and the food was fresh and well prepared. Love it! Everyone working was all smiles as well. Exactly what you expect from Vegas! Nicely done Circus Circus.
