4	I am not a huge fan but when I need a burger with mustard and pickle only and do not want to have a F'd up order I use this drive through. They always get it right and the burger hits the spot.
4	One of the best burgers around!  Just remember there hamburgers are really big!  Don't let your eyes be bigger then your mouth.  Fry's are great too and they have Diet Dr. Pepper!  Yummy.
4	My first whataburger. Food was good. It came fairly quick. Decent price.
4	For fast breakfast, hard to beat - they actually make the pancakes with batter and a hot griddle (not some microwaved stuff like other fast food places).  Taquitos are fairly decent too, and the eggs on the biscuit sandwiches aren't perfectly square or round (McDonalds).Nice, friendly service when they bring out the food to your table.
5	Mmmmm breakfast taquitos!
5	I come when I have quick, close, and edible on the mind! The food is pretty good for fast food ( I am a picky fast food eater.)  Eating in the dinning room is something I suggest. The general manager makes rounds asking how you are doing and even offering to refill your drink! I was without a drink once and a crew member even gave me a medium cup to sip on something. Hospitality is great, food is good, Comes out piping hot ( my burned tongue fell victim though ) what else could ya want from a fast food joint! The dinning room is open 24 hours which is awesome when coming home from a concert or late movie.
5	Personally, their food is good, but other places are better. It's kind of rare to get hot fries here, but the main reason me and my family keep going back is their sodas. They keep the machine clean and the sodas are pretty damn good. Better than Sonics even! Just sans the special add-ins.The day staff is really nice here, but at night the workers are a little.. unhappy. It's expected from a graveyard staff, but a little cheeriness doesn't hurt.Update 6/3/2012: If you're taking your food home and you want an awesome dessert, get an apple pie (or any other flavor pie if you wanted) and if you have vanilla ice cream at home, you can eat a little of the pie and then eat a spoon of the ice cream. It's probably the greatest thing I've ever done with a fast good dessert that doesn't deal with a Wendy's frosty.Seriously try it, you won't regret it!Update 7/26/2012: Just a side note for the employees and maybe the managers, can you make sure that the people working the drive-thru don't wear strong lotions or colognes? It's REALLY off-putting when you go to drink your soda and cologne slaps you in the face.
5	When I want a fresh and juicy burger WHATABURGER is the place I go to !I love the Bacon & Cheese Whataburger.  Combo meal is only $6.88 after taxes and that includes your fries and drink.  This restaurant is always clean.  Employees friendly and nice and the best part ?  Both the drive thru and dining room is open 24 hours !Whataburger is old school I remember ordering their food at America West Arena ( Now U.S. Airways Center ) when I went to Suns games back in the early 90's.
4	The burger was awesome and a lot bigger than I was expecting, about the size of a whopper. The fries are comparable to McDonalds, service was quick and friendly.
4	Me? Eat at a franchised burger joint? Not many Whataburger left in Phoenix. Out of all the franchised places this is the one I enjoy. Everyone is always nice. I am not speaking of just this one but all I have eaten at. I ate at them years ago in Phoenix. Then I started working in El Paso Texas. They are many there and I liked their burger. Maybe because they don't put a special sauce on it. They come with mustard just the way I would fix it if I was at home. Nice large tomato and lettuce. The personal touch is they deliver it to your table along with any condiment you may want.  Always a smile when you order and when it is delivered to your table. OH! And most times when I leave I get an invite back and have a good day. Whataburger wants your business and acts like it. Give them a try.
5	Bring it to California please!!!!
4	Love the A1 burger good onion rings also good service
4	Despite it being a common topic of discussion on yelp, reviewing a fast food chain is quite useful. Sure the food and prices will be pretty much the same at all locations, but the employees, service, the environment, and other quality issues will vary greatly.The staff at this whataburger are very nice and competent. My only criticism is that sometimes my chocolate malt is not mixed all the way and I get my first strawfull of nothing but chocolate malt sauce. However, this is a hand mixed shake which is a rare luxury in fast food nowadays, and I am receiving 32 ounces of chocolate malt for around 3 dollars and 50   cents. That's about twice as much as you get for the same price anywhere else. Can't beat that. Plus, if you only get a beverage or fries and there is a line in the drive thru, you'll often get to pull up into Lane B, which is shaded and you won't have to wait for the suv full of screaming teenagers or the van with 5 blue collar dudes ordering $14 dollars worth of food EACH. They'll bring it it to you, collect your money, and on your way you go.
3	The employs are nice. But they are slow and ignore you when you are at the counter. All they care about are their drive thru customers. They tell you to wait yet they aren't doing anything, help the customer you lazy people!
3	Food was good. Service was fast. Only a 3 star for the petty reason of 39 cents for a ranch packet. Not a total game breaker, but it's the small things that annoy me.
5	I will never eat at In-n-Out again after eating at this place. Best fast-food ever!
