5	Crossfit Embody is awesome. It is a fresh take on your typical warehouse boxes, meaning very clean and hip. No detail was left out. While being a new gym, all the equipment you would want is here, ghd, sleds, rowers, in fact more than most established gyms in town. There digital interface with Wodify is amazing. They offer classes for all ages, with a push for kids. I Been in many boxes in town and in other cities, and Crossfit Embody has made an effort of everything great in those boxes to be a part of theirs. Can not wait to go back to see what they added. A must stop and visit if coming to Vegas/Henderson.
5	Being new to crossfit, I've always been intimidated to step in and try it out. That is, until I found Crossfit Embody! From day one I have found an extreme sense of teamwork. Everyone here works together and doesn't stop encouraging until the last person is done with their workout. Coach John and Coach Jeff's approach to fitness is unlike any other I've seen or tried. They are friendly and helpful, and will push you to your max with an extreme focus on technique to minimize injuries. Each new student is placed in a 6 course foundations class so that you are able to learn step by step techniques and foundations of crossfit at a slow pace and not feel bad for the advanced athletes that already know the basics.Under Coach John's direction and dietary suggestions I was able to lose 16 pounds in just 12 weeks and the constant change of workout routines keeps me motivated to continue. If you are looking for a fun and effective way to get fit and healthy give Crossfit Embody a try! You won't regret it!
5	I dropped in for a class here to see what Crossfit is all about and I'm a believer!  This place is clean and organized and everyone here has been extremely friendly and supportive. Big sense of community with everyone supporting each other is what it should be about. Coach John is personable and extremely motivating. You can tell he really cares and is passionate about what he does. I'm glad I found this place and look forward to seeing results.
5	Visiting family we dropped in to get a few workouts while in town.  We really enjoyed this place.  Loved all the new equipment, very clean and organized.  Nothing against my home box but there's something to be said for shiny new toys!  You can tell a lot of thought went into this one.Coaches are very supportive and friendly.  I'm definitely coming back! Highly recommend.
