4	Ah, yes.  The site of where one of my profile pictures was taken.  I could not resist the allure of a bar that had a giant neon "Drink Blatz" sign hanging above the door.  I am, after all, a Wisconsin girl.The boy and I went on some random weekday night in the winter.  It was a very large, divey, unattractive hole-in-the-wall as you would correctly surmise from the Blatz sign.  Fortunately, I love townie dive bars, and therefore, was comfortable with this.We each ordered a beer on tap from the nice, older lady who was bartending, (PBR and Leinie's, if I remember correctly) and paid something like $3 total.  Sexy.  Very sexy.As we drank our beers, we decided to arm wrestle.  The bartender was going outside for a smoke and cheered me on.  My back was to her, but my boyfriend told me that she mouthed the words "Let her win" to him.  Haha!  She came back later to see if I'd won or not.  :)I need to go back post haste!
3	I love the Ohio.  It's the kind of hellhole where you can watch a prostitute sing "like a virgin" on karaoke night, and see old dudes in satin jackets with bar logos on them get in fights.Classy.
3	The bar itself is ok, cheap drinks and that kind of townie atmosphere that you need sometimes when you feel down on your luck. Plus singing karaoke with an Elvis impressionist makes for an impressive, different kind of evening! (He doens't do 60's Elvis by the way)The large Blatz sign out front is their calling card and the drink is always cold. So prepare for your hangover tomorrow, cause for $20 you'll get tore up!
3	This place is not a "let's start a pub crawl here because it's kind of cool" townie bar, it's a "this is so depressing that I want to leave" townie bar.Proceed at your own risk...
1	This place SUCKS!  Every time I go in here it depresses the shit out of me.  People say it's haunted and I would agree - haunted by degenerates and meth heads.  I always say I'll never go back but that never happens...
5	Oh my gosh this place is great. The bartender is so sweet and remembered my friends' names when they walked in. The pbr was cheap, delicious, and cold. Exactly the type of bar I want to sit and have a beer and make friends with at.
4	I can't ask for much more in a small bar than friendly service, inexpensive drinks, and positive atmosphere. That's what you get at the Ohio, with really fun karaoke dj's and regulars, too!
