5	GORGEOUS, fair prices, incredible views, extremely well decorated.Top shelf liquors, great wine list, incredibly laid back, New York like vibe.This place would get my highest recommendation for a date with a girl you want to bring for drinks; it can be super romantic at night. After, just go to MOzen for dinner, just down the elevator.There's no doubt this place is going to be packed through and through once city center officially opens all its doors. Useful tip: there is a dress code, so you must show up with nice shoes, collared shirt. Don't forget!
4	I love that I don't think many people know this place is here or are too lazy or scared to take an elevator ride. I love the view.I love the unique and refreshing libations they created (Lemongrass Mojito, Cucumber Margarita) I love the excellent service from the polite and personable staff. I love the atmosphere and low lighting. I love this bar. I love that I went there because I saw the first review on Yelp!
2	While the atmosphere and view are incredible and the service was good (amost too good, she wouldn't leave us alone for two seconds) we found ourself caught up in what I can only say is a scam. First we were forced into drinking the WAY over priced Voss water because she said the regular water there wasn't "fit for her dog" (we actually thought since the place was new that there was some kind of bug needed to be worked out). Actually, we weren't even asked whether we wanted water or not it was just poured. I even tried to block the attemp and she brushed my hand away. Great view but... over priced.
5	Doesn't get any better.
4	This bar is a nice escape from the chaos and tourist trash of the strip.To get to it you will need to navigate your way to the Mandarin Oriental through a somewhat hidden cul de sac of City Center.  Make your way up on one of the nicest elevators in Las Vegas and you will be greeted with a beautifully designed lobby which also serves a tea house and restaurant.The views are the nicest of any bars and the atmosphere and decor is extremely comfortable, luxurious and cozy dispite the tall ceilings and expansive spaces.I only went for one drink as they costed $20 each, but the glasses were fairly large and crafted with care.  As with any Mandarin hotel the service was very attentive, polite, and there to make sure you are happy.  I had the lemongrass mojito and it was very tasty.  The seating was extremely comfortable and I could fal asleep in the couches.  The server, who was very cute and attractive served complementary cured olives and spiced cashews which were nice -- she even gave us a new plate of these when we barely finished the first one.As I was there on a quiet night I has a nice conversation with her.It was very relaxing spot and the night time views are beautiful, I was there after a long hard day in the office and it really hit the spot. Next time I return I will definitely try the tea house just outside and enjoy their afternoon tea service which I have been hearing a lot of good things about.
3	I loved everything about the Mandarin Oriental over my 2-day stay here except for the service (and price) at the bar! The views from here are beautiful but the server just didn't seem warm or friendly. For a place selling itself on service and charging premium for it, the bar servers failed to deliver. Their selection was great and the place itself was nice, nothing too special though when compared to all the other fabulous lounges/bars all over Vegas!
4	As everyone else has said, this spot is not for the faint of budget.I had the lemongrass mojito and the ginger sparkle.  The mojito wasn't worth the $20, the ginger sparkle was worth every penny!   I had to ask the waitress how to make it...and she told me!!...yes that'll be me at Lee's looking for ginger liqueur.What i liked:Covert driveway. You  have to know where you're going to find it.  No drunken tourists wandering in.Best customer service I've ever had from a valet.  ever.Bench in the elevator.Not crowded.  We had no trouble getting an insanely comfy seat next to the window.   Prompt, impeccable service.  Waitress dug through stacks of coasters to get us the full set of dragon-puzzle pieces.Stunning view and seasoned cashews.What I didn't like:Nothing.  You get what you pay for.  Enjoy.
5	I'm a big fan of the Mandarin Oriental since our trip to Asia. I was ecstatic to find that they opened a hotel in Vegas since their service is top notch. While visiting City Center we decided to drop by for a drink. Unlike the other hotels in Vegas there is no smoking or casino on the premise. The bar is located on the 23rd floor overlooking the strip with a panorama view. The cocktails are unique and tasty accompanied by cashews with a salty yet sweet flavor. I liked their ginger and pear infused champagne cocktail. My only complaint would be the bill but it's Vegas -cocktails are never cheap!
4	Extremely expensive, but well crafted drinkies.  I really liked the Cavalier (cognac, cointreau, orgeat, apricot jam, orange bitters and fresh lemon juice) and the Elderflower Smash (Hendrick's gin, St. Germain Elderflower with fresh mint and fresh lemon juice).  Bar snacks are tasty.  Nice hip and modern atmosphere.  Good service and views of the strip.
4	Gorgeous views of the strip, especially at night.  Not too crowded - the fact that it's tucked away on the 23rd floor seems to keep the hordes out   Cocktails are $$$, but they're a generous pour and well crafted - the bartenders appear to be devotees of the "mixology" trend that swept SF a couple of years ago and the service is very accommodating.  A great place for a relaxed nightcap where you can actually TALK (or not) and just enjoy the view.  I'd give it 5 starts, but this place should stay open later - it closes at 1 (or 2?) and the snack menu is pretty limited.
4	What a lovely little lounge off the beaten path of Las Vegas Blvd. My friends and I enjoyed the relaxing atmosphere and stunning views of the strip. Our waitress was lovely and the Mandarin Martini might be one of the best I've ever had! We just wished there was little more to nibble on. Great spot to break away from the crowds and enjoy the scenery.
4	This bar is located in the brand new exclusive (aka expensive) Mandarin Oriental Hotel in MGM's City Center.  This entire hotel is unbelievably fancy and you'll notice as soon as you walk into the lobby.  The bar is on the 23rd floor and has glass walls with spectacular views of the strip.  Our martini's were $20 each, but they were totally worth it for the experience (plus we got snacks).  We only stayed for one drink each, but would definitely go back (for one drink).  I'm not sure about the dress code, but I'd dress nice to be on the safe side.  I would give it 5 stars for ambiance, service, and the quality of the drinks, but because of the extreme prices, I'll give it 4 stars.
2	My wife and I decided to check out this lounge as we've heard so much about it.  We were very disappointed with the entire Mandarin Oriental experience.  We've heard so much about their 5 Star service that we had our hopes up.We walked from Aria to Mandarin Oriental.  You have to walk down a long set of stairs to get to the entrance.  On the way down, we noticed how filthy the stairs were.  I realize it is windy, but 5 Star properties shouldn't have trash on stairs like that.  There was a lot of trash too.Our next disappointment was that there was no doorman to open the door for you.  I don't want to sound like a snob, but I thought that was a requirement for a 5 Star property.  Well, there were none.Then the two employees in the lobby didn't greet us.  They ignored us while we looked around for the elevators.  We had to approach one of them to ask how to get to the lounge.  He was busy texting someone on his cell phone....hmm....5 Star service?When we arrived at the lounge, we were very impressed by the decor.  Again, it shocked us because there were 2 employees behind this huge desk and not one of them greeted us.  We were well dressed and looked proper, so I don't know what the deal was.  Anyway, we were finally seated in the lounge and our waitress spilled the water when she filled my wife's glass, but didn't clean up the spill on the table.....what?  and she poured across the table instead of next to us....wow, that's 3 Star service 101 and they can't get it right here?The wine selection was very good and the Cabernet I ordered was fantastic.  The views from the lounge are spectacular.  That's the only reason why this place got 2 Stars....I was very tempted to give it 1, but the ambience, decor, and quality of the wine gave it the extra Star.Normally this kind of stuff doesn't bother me, but we wanted a 5 Star experience....we could have spent much less money somewhere else and received better service.  Maybe they had an off day....I dunno.Will I return?  Because of the brand name, I will give this place another chance.
4	Here on business we decided to check out the new City Center.  What a place!Always having appreciated the Mandarin Hotels we wanted to check this one. Went up to the Mandarin Bar, had a seat next to the floor-to-ceiling window and what a view!  The wait staff was friendly and attentive, the atmosphere perfect, and the Mandarin Bar a respite from the raucous activity on the strip.  Highly recommend this as an oasis from the typical Vegas over-stimulation.
4	We checked out the Mandarin Bar to grab some drinks before dining at Sage!  Everyone was extremely generous on helping us find our way up to the bar.  This place is pretty nice and offers truly great service!  The views are okay, but I think Mix lounge blows this place away with its views.Anyways, we ordered a couple drinks a piece and walked out with a $100 tab...not too shabby if you ask me.  Nice place to check out if you are in or around Aria!
5	The Mandarin Bar is an excellent place to relax and have a drink or two. It's located on the 23rd floor past the hotel registration desk and tea lounge. It's one of the few places overlooking the strip with a great view (floor to ceiling windows) and relaxing, laid back atmosphere. Drinks were great. We got a glass of champagne and a Mandarin Mojito (a mojito with a touch of orange juice). The place wasn't crowded at all and service was exceptional. My wife was a little cold, so our waitress brought out a shawl to warm her up. It is pricey (it's the Mandarin Oriental, after all)... two drinks with tip cost us about fifty bucks.
5	Exemplifies the contemporary luxury of what is the Mandarin Oriental.Without a doubt, the best place to get a drink on the Strip.  Been here over a dozen times.The service is inviting and friendly without being intrusive.  This is not the snobbish ultra lounge where the skimpily dressed, "corrected" server subtly ignores you so you feel the place is busy and cool.  It is welcoming.Bar tenders are intelligent and interesting.  Its obvious that they have come from diverse backgrounds, are well versed in current events and carry on a great conversation.Drinks are competently prepared.  I am partial to a fantastic Hendricks martini.  They prepared it perfectly with the cucumber garnish.  The warm nuts and olives snack on were a nice touch.Finally the view.  Wow.  Ultra high ceiling to floor windows provide a 180 degree view of the Strip.A must try!
4	New favorite--Teatini!
3	Awesome view and great tasting drinks but a steep price to pay for them. For a lounge the DJ had the music playing as loud as a night club so forget about trying to have a converstaion with anyone while you are there.
4	"Love lift us up where we belong.  Where the eagles cry . . ."Sorry for the 80s moment there, but standing in front of the floor to ceiling windows at the top of the Mandarin Oriental, it's easy to get caught up in thoughts of flying.  And the love bit?  Well, I love a well mixed martini.  And it's not just the incredible views of Las Vegas Blvd. below that make a Mandarin Bar martini excellent.  The drink menu was expertly crafted.  Classic drinks blend with contemporary infused vodkas and cucumber-seasoned gin.  The Mandarin Bar might be the peak of elegant Vegas cocktail culture.    Hell, the bar is situated high enough.  Beyond the alcohol's geographic heights, the drinks are also crisp and imaginative.  It's brilliant.  It's chic.  It's over-priced.  It is without a doubt a highlight of Vegas and yet so overpriced ($20 martini anyone?) that it's not worth visiting more than once every six months.  Argggghhh.  So close and yet so insanely expensive.
5	This is one of my new favorite drink spots. Great view and awesome martinis in a chic lounge.This bar on the 23rd floor in the Mandarin Oriental in City Center is very small as far as bars go. There's a center bar and then groupings of booths, seats, and tables on either side.When available, always opt for a seat by the floor to ceiling windows overlooking the Strip (duh!). And I have yet to go here when I have not be able to get such a seat. This little place never seems to be very crowded.The decor and lighting lend itself to what you might expect from an upscale ultra-lounge. But it also has this laid-back, casual vibe thanks to the lack of crowd, low music, and friendly servers.Don't let the cocktail menu send you into sticker-shock. The martinis are expensive (around $20). But it will be one of the best martinis you have ever had. The bartenders take their time making the drinks - no rushing and nothing pre-made. Everything is delicious and fresh - and so well-mixed. And in flavor combinations you've probably never dreamed of.And there's free bar snacks too!
4	Really nice little place to chill and have a drink..  Very grown up..  It's on the 23rd floor, and has pretty nice views of the south end of the strip..  They also have a menu for finger foods..  Kinda pricey tho..  The only thing that turned me off was that the windows weren't clean, but I'll blame that on last week's storm..
3	After hitting up The Chandelier, the next stop on our completely UnChristmas Day was Mandarin Bar. I had never been inside the Mandarin Oriental before. I don't think I even knew where it was to tell you the truth. I guess that's on purpose. The way they designed the entrance, you really shouldn't end up there by accident. This helps the place keep its somewhat secluded feel.It goes without saying that the drinks are going to be pricey. So why did I even say it? We went for a bottle of red for $75. This is another bar that I'd say is worth checking out once if you're really into this type of stuff. Being on the 23rd floor, the view of the strip is pretty spectacular and the bar/lounge definitely has a nice ambiance.Like I said, worth doing at least once. Don't let the 3 stars fool you. I take my star ratings literally. I may not be a fan, but I still recommend checking this place out if you don't mind spending $20 for a drink.
4	I popped over to the Mandarin Bar after dinner. Great spot, wonderful view, nice vibe and delicious Lychee Smash cocktail. Service is okay, bar nuts are passable, but views and did I already say... wonderful Lychee Smash, is priceless.
5	Prices - ridiculously high ($18-20/cocktail, $9/miller lite)View - best ever. Seriously, I used to go to Mandalay Bay's Foundation Room regularly and their view is about half as good as Mandarin Bar's.Ambiance - this is the most swanky I have ever felt walking into a place in Vegas (or anywhere else for that matter). There is a dj, so there's music going on, but the place is pretty much always quiet. Never a problem finding a place to sit at the bar or one of the small tables along the amazing windows. Even just driving up to the Mandarin you feel cool because it's secluded from the rest of the strip. I love how they did that.Cocktails - delicious. The specialty drinks on the menu are awesome, or just tell Mike what you want and he will mix you up something to suit your tastes.Service - excellent. Just what you'd expect when you are paying these kinds of prices. There's about 1 staff member to every 5 patrons (or more, depending on the night), so they keep your drinks and snack trays promptly filled, but don't bother you otherwise.One extra bonus: on Mondays (or maybe Tuesdays - I forget), they usually have some kind of featured drink or featured alcohol (once it was like a tea sangria and once it was some kind of vodka). Featured drinks are far far cheaper and sometimes you can even get free refills!
5	Second visit to this wonderful spot!  I was worried that my husband would not be as impressed (especially with the high prices for drinks), but he even ordered a second round of drinks (so we could try different and fun cocktails)!   The cocktails, service, and views are amazing.  I really, really love this bar!  The drinks are unique and amazing.   This is a fabulous place to visit in Vegas!!!!!
5	Nobody knows this place is here. At least not fat, pierced tattooed smelly street rats in sandals dont know. Its quiet and hard to find. Perfect. Drinks are foolishly expensive but good. Live music. Sweeping awesome views of the city. Absolutely wonderful place to hop to and have a few drinks. Servers are very nice looking and very nice. Air quality is great, bathrooms are clean, and there is a Tea Lounge and a restaurant called Twist which looks like a nice place to eat as well. I would make a point to visit here one per trip to Vegas.
4	We loved the fact that this bar was in a non-gaming hotel: everything is just nicer, starting with the smoke free lobby. The service and ambiance were impressive from the moment we stepped onto the property.  Our server was nice and classy.  The decor was chic but the two-story ceilings made the space feel big and empty.  The view was impressive, though one side is better than the other.  After I inquired, our waitress was happy to move us to the better-view side once a table opened.  This bar is probably much better at night.Even with all the positives, it is a questionable value given how expensive the drinks are (yes, $20 for a cocktail).  We would probably try a new place before going back to Mandarin Bar... at these prices you could try two new places.
5	This bar lounge on the 23rd floor of the Mandarin hotel is panoramic, romantic, stylish and modern. It has plenty of tables and seating to relax. Perfectly lit and decorated just right. The whole place looks spotless clean. A cool spot to hang before/after dinner or before hitting a club. The service you receive is excellent from the waitresses to the bartenders. Above it all, of course the view of the Vegas skyline is amazing. Never seems to get super crowded and you enjoy live music ranging from jazz to light rock throughout the week from different bands. Guys, you should consider taking your woman, girlfriend or significant other here when you're in town. She won't be disappointed
4	This bar is definitely a hidden gem!Literally the best views in any bar I've been in in Vegas, small and secluded, easily food a spot on a Saturday night at midnight.The drinks off the menu were all very good, my ONLY problem is spending $18 on a drink that was half as big as a drink I can get for $12 at any other similar type bar. Sure the glass is good size but it's filled to the brim with ice!I'm not looking to get crazy drunk, but still!Overall, great spot, prices kept it from being 5 stars for me.
5	My favorite spot on the Strip!  Views are unreal.  Considering the where you're at, the drink prices are fair.  Our party of 4 had a reserved table for 11p on a thurs.  There were only a few small parties in the bar with us.  We ended up migrating to the front right corner (supposed to be a VIP section) and enjoyed the corner window view in plush leather chairs for about an hour . . . think rooftop scene of every Boston Legal episode, with a better view.
4	Great chill bar with an awesome view. Not your typical Vegas crowd. More upscale and refined. Cocktails are unique and delicious albeit pricey (~$20). Perfect alcohol ratio made the martinis and tea-tinis perfect for sipping.
5	this is THE most amazing lounge in Vegas. if your looking to party & get hammerd, go somplace else. if you are looking for amazing views, a fantastic ambiance, simplicity, romance, all in a relaxed chill non stuffy enviroment - the mandarin bar is the spot. i will never not come here. my only regret, i didnt find it sooner!
5	Prime location bar, expensive ass drinks, awesome view of the strip, very nice venue, great service (well, from my experience), good music, loud enough that i can hear me n my girlfreind's conversation. went during the week, so there was no crowd. i spent 20 bucks per drink. i suaully drink blakc label on the rocks and dapphire and tonic for my girlfriend. for 4 drinks, i spent almost a good hundred bucks. but hey, this is vegas, you pay for the experience.would definitely go here again and would definitely spend the money here again.
5	i feel compelled to write a review given how incredibly awesome this lounge is.  believe me, i don't want anyone else there, but place is truly incredible.  first...  the music is at some balanced volume where it's heard but it never causes you to talk over it.  second...  the drinks are just magical.  my special lady had the eastern drop, which she adored.  my negroni was the best outside the Petrossian Bar, perhaps better.  third, the snacky foods were just right to go with drinks but didn't fill you up for a nice dinner ahead.  finally, the views from this lounge were just magical,as we felt that we floated above the chaos of the strip.STAY AWAY!!!!
5	Skip the Foundation Room and come here!Views of 3 sides of the Strip and an awesome, swanky vibe. Went there late on a Saturday night and loved the band that was playing. We sat on plush couches with tons of pillows and - imagine this - we could listen to music AND talk to each other! In a Vegas lounge! Woohoo!Sure the drinks are pricey but you're paying for the view and the experience. Love!
5	Anthony!!!
5	An oasis in the desert.
3	A nice view but kinda from a side angle.  There was a good Mocktail I had with Watermelon and Cucumber.  Mandarin Bar offers three treats: wasabe peanuts, trail mix, and salted almonds to accompany your drinks.The service was kinda slow and the waitresses didn't seem to check up on their tables as often as they should.  Both myself and another table's clients were peeking our heads up, waiting for our waitress to notice that we needed service.  There was a chill, jazz band but the atmosphere was too dark.  The chairs were very comfy; I could have fallen asleep.I would try another "bar with a view."  Maybe the Mandalay Bay bar?
4	I like, it's nice.
5	Beautiful view. Jazz music. Classy classy classy with a bottle of Cab.
5	This place is a true hidden gem in every sense of the word over at Vegas. I only found this place because of all my loyal Padawans here on Yelp. The Prince of Taiwan was thoroughly impressed with this place and will certainly hold his peace talks with Mainland China here next time so as to ease the tensions. Very low key, ultra modern, and oh so very sexy..this bar, shoot, this entire hotel was incredible. Our cocktail waitress, Sarah, is about the hottest, but nicest server you will ever have the pleasure of being served by. She is like the great unicorn...model looks but a seemingly down to earth personality that everyone will love.The view from here is possible the best on the Strip, even better than the Paris Tower or Stratosphere tower. Drinks as you can imagine are nOT NOT NOT cheap. 15 bucks for cocktails, and 10 bucks for non alcoholic drinks. Since i was the sober among my group, i had the Black ice tea flavored with vanilla and agave nectar. It was to die for. Seriously, if I was a Sweet Genius like that silly bald Ben-Israel on Food network I would try my best to deconstruct the drink exactly so I can make it at home. the fun part of the night was my drunk friend, who was staring at the unicorn, er i mean, Sarah, and he kept on saying that she looked like Jennifer Aniston. So we all pitched in and encouraged him to talk to her and get a picture taken, and after two hours of cajoling and two long island ice teas, he finally did it and got the best souvenir he can get. She was really nice about it, and was really flattered that my buddy was so goo gaga over her.This should fall on the must visit list for any classy group visiting Vegas..no tools or loud obnoxious beyotches allowed.
5	I like and probably prefer a dive bar over high end stuff, but this bar is different...it exudes class.  The view is awesome...you're not too high or too low, just kind of hovering over the strip on the 23rd floor :)If you're a girl and I ever ask you to go here I must have a crush on you cuz it takes a 2nd mortgage to hang out here hehe.Great for a special occasion, or just drop by to check out the view.
5	The layout of this place reminds me of Windows in Los Angeles (RIP).  The Mandarin Bar is a place where you can kick back with a friend or friends and enjoy the beautiful view of the strip.  The drinks are fairly priced (for Vegas) and the interior is very modern with nice mood lighting.  I plan to come here every time I hit up the City of Sin. Ya buddy!!
5	Amazing views!! This is going to be one of my go to spots to hit Vegas before I leave! The drinks are delicious and made with fresh ingredients! I had the spicy cucumber drink and it was everthing I like into a drink. Like it was just made for me! I also like how they change there drink menu every now and then. I'm always open to try something new!
5	Mandarin Bar is definitely a bit of a hidden gem, for two reasons: the first is that Mandarin Bar is quiet and normally far less crowded than some of the other lounges in Vegas; the second reason is the view, which is my favorite in Vegas.  The atmosphere here is swanky and upscale, and as mentioned before, this place is more of an ultra lounge than a bar.  This is a great on-strip date spot, but be warned the drinks are pricey (but strong), with some delicious speciality cocktails and martinis.
5	This is my favorite bar in Vegas, hands down.  It has amazing views of the strip, great cocktails, and good service.  I'm a big fan of bourbon cocktails and they really do them right here.Maybe I'm just lucky, but it tends to not be too crowded so it's a good place to take in a nice view and chat.  My wife and I like to come here to talk, and if we were not married I'd take her here to try and impress her with how classy I was.  :)This place is hard to find; the Mandarin Hotel entrance is kind of hidden, and when you walk in there is no signage pointing to the bar so you might be tempted to leave.  Persevere and ask someone to direct you.  Trust me, it's worth it.
5	Next time I'm in Vegas, this will definitely be on the itinerary. I love the atmosphere of the place...upscale and swanky, with a great view to boot! There were lots of seating and it was relatively quiet, so it's a great place to actually meet up with friends to talk and actually hear what they're saying. I love the complimentary bar snacks and of course the drinks were delicious. They're a little pricey but worth it considering the atmosphere and the view.
4	Adventured up here upon hearing about the amazing Strip view and it didn't disappoint, it's a gorgeous view and the atmosphere is quiet, elegant and very unique.  I totally didn't fit in and it's not my scene, not to mention the drinks are pretty outrageously priced (we only got two tea-tinis and they were $16 each), but I expected it.  Our server was extremely nice and brought us out a free appetizer and cupcake as a honeymoon gift which is why I didn't dock them too hard for the price.  I think once is enough for this place, but it was very pretty and romantic.  Fantastic date spot if you're looking on the Strip and want to get away from the nasty crowds.
5	Mandarin Bar is atop the strip but far, far away. The din of Las Vegas is muted by thick, floor to ceiling windows and through them you are offered a serene view of a city neck-deep in chaos. Your drink is super strong, but also delicious. If you close your eyes, you might stand a chance of forgetting that you're in Las Vegas.The Mandarin Martini is excellent.
5	Hippest place for cocktails and light food.  23rd floor in the Mandarin Oriental.  Awesome view.  Creative drink menu.  Quality appetizers.  If there was a flaw, drinks a little overpriced even for Vegas.  Good for a two hour stint pre or post dinner.  Live entertainment is always very good.
5	Fantastic. We were looking for a beautiful, quiet lounge to have celebratory drinks after dinner for our five year wedding anniversary with friends and we found it in Mandarin Bar. The decor is elegant and modern. High ceilings, low tables and couches. Beautiful, classy waitresses. It's a great feeling to stand high above the Strip, look down at the amazing view and feel a million miles away from all the hustle and bustle. The cocktails are incredibly expensive but incredibly delicious. It was a special occasion, so why not? I ordered a Tea-tini ($16) and tried sips of Berry Bellini, 9th Island, and Lychee Smash ($18). I've never tasted cocktails like those before, and it will probably be a long time before I do again. They are made with such skill and great ingredients, the taste is just amazing. For those who want something cheaper, beer is only $8. Highly recommended. I would not hesitate to go again.200th review :)
5	Amazing! Michael & Mariana took great care of our group. Great drinks, incredible food, stunning views & incredible service. Thank you!!!
4	The decor and views cannot be surpassed.  Couches are a bit uncomfortable - too deep and too many pillows, but we made do.   Ordered an appletini, of course.... even explained how I wanted it made and what I got was a "sweet & sour" tini.  UGH.  It was really late and I didn't have the energy to send it back.  So we enjoyed our time in the bar and then went to bed - which was right down the hall!  :)
4	Amazing views through the walls of floor to ceiling windows.  Big comfortable couches, and lots of seating.  Drinks can get expensive, especially if you're just knocking back shots of whiskey.  But the views, ambiance, and service are totally worth it.
4	Mandarin Bar has the glamour of the old Vegas: WITHOUT slot machines, huge plastic novelty frozen margarita cups, it has a sense of greater intimacy, and a fab view. The ambience, decor and the cocktails - being made with fresh and more unusual ingredients - are worth the price tag. I had two different cucumber cocktails, and both were refreshing and delicious. Service was good too - friendly and unobtrusive - although we did have to ask twice for water. I would be giving 5 stars for overall experience but the food was not so great. pork belly was tough (but sauce was tasty) and the waffle fries were a bit soggy. perhaps chef was having an off-night. Everything else: A+.
4	I enjoyed this bar immensely. The view down the Vegas strip was excellent, and the cocktails, although expensive (in American terms, i.e. around $18), were far better than the slushie mush usually doled out into yard-long plastic mugs elsewhere in the place. The decor is very cool also.  The food was only OK and did not match the otherwise classy vibe of the bar.What I don't understand is why every hotel doesn't have a top-floor bar and restaurant for people who want to escape the craziness of the street for a couple of hours.
5	There is something seriously inviting about this little gem in the sky! Perhaps it is the giant wall of textured gold welcoming you as soon as you exit the elevator doors, immediately giving you the feeling that you have been transported to a far away land. Or maybe it is the stylishly dim-lit decor, and the lush, comfortably fancy seating. Whatever it is, from the soft-spoken (sure not to disturb you) cocktail servers, to the 360 degree view of the Las Vegas lights, this place breathes class. And it better, for around $18 a cocktail! I would recommend this place if you are looking to get away from the hustle and bustle that Vegas is known for, as this place is beautifully intimate. No casino, no raging drunks, just a quiet place to admire the city, clear your head, and maybe get to know a new flame, rather than screaming at them from across the table. Free wasabi nuts, almonds, and little bites come around as long as you are still drinking. Venture out and try the spicy cucumber spritzer, garnished with a jalapeno! Yum.
5	Expensive but the views, the decor and the service make it worth the $$$. You NEED a reservation. This place is popular for a reason. It is occasionally bought out for parties so don't think you can just stop by and get a drink. It's not that kind of bar It's a destination in a lovely setting that is peaceful and inviting. Best bar in Vegas.
5	This was our first time here. The view was breathtaking, the service was awesome and the tomato salad was great! The drinks are expensive but very good. This place is top notch and the hotel is as well. You get what you pay for.
5	Great view, great drinks and a great place to spend a night with some friends or a date. Try the Lychee drink, it was awesome.
4	I didn't make here on my most recent Vegas trip, but came here once before and felt like i was in a different Vegas. A new, upscale, classy Vegas. This place is obviously where the money comes, and I guarantee you, you won't see any big plastic margarita filled pitchers within a good sized radius around this place. It's like a microcosm from the rest of the Strip. And the view is spectacular. I didn't know Vegas could be quiet, romantic and dreamy until I came here. Highly recommend going if you can. I can't wait to go back.I only had one glass of wine, and I don't remember exactly what it was... But on my next visit, I'll have a more complete food and drink experience and hopefully, they'll get that fifth star.
4	5 star view, good decor.  Good, pricey drinks, not too excessive though considering the venue.  We had bolognese fries which were not good.  I should have sent them back, but i eat what's in front of me if it's edible.  Service was a bit slow.  It took a while to place our order, but once we did they came out in a reasonable amount of time.
5	As everyone has attested, this is a small, quiet bar looking serenely down on the Vegas Strip.  In my eyes, this is not a negative.  Its refreshing to be able to enjoy the views of Vegas from a public venue without screaming at my friends or avoiding preying eyes.  There is a 3 star Michelin!! chef here with gourmet "bar food"  creations. The drinks are as special and unique as the Mandarin is compared to the rest of the Strip.  If you'd like to hit the rest of Vegas afterwards, by all means have the Mandarin staff bring around one of their Mercedes taxis.
5	Extremely impressive all around!  The view, the service, & most of all.....the cocktails!BF & I arrived first & after we gave the hostess our name & room info, she walks us over to a reserved table - the Front Desk had overheard our plans to meet for drinkys before dinner & made arrangements for a table for us.  Awesome!!The atmosphere is dark, romantic & mesmerizing as you're gazing upon the neon lights of The Strip & the view seems to go on & on for forever!We ordered Sparkling Wine while we were waiting on the rest of our party.....thinking we were being so sophisticated but we were totally outshined by the other drinkys in our group & we can't even say there was a fav among the orders b/c they were ALL that good!Cherry Amour - I tend to avoid cherry cocktails as they always taste like cough syrup but this drinky was a winner.Spiced Apple Whiskey Sour - this was like an adult apple pieRoyal Tea-tini - Oolong, Vodka & lemon combined for a light, refreshing little tiniMunchables for the table included smoked almonds - always a winner, Oriental Cracker Mix & these Horseradish-Wasabi Peanuts that completely took our breath away - literallyWe could have stayed here all night but dinner rezzies were calling our names.  Mandarin Bar will definitely be a repeat visit for future Vegas jaunts - for sure!
5	On my recent trip to sin city, I was looking to spend some romantic time with the hubby and being the wine enthusiasts that we are, I was searching for a nice wine bar to just lounge and enjoy a nice bottle of red.  Right off the bat, from valet to concierge, it was top notice with a smile and hello.  I wasn't sure where the bar was when we walked through the lobby, so the front desk concierge was very friendly and helpful to guide us to our destination.  When we arrived to our destination, we were given a table that looked to the north of the Vegas strip and what a sight it was.  The scenery was breathtaking.  The hostess and the wait staff were all so friendly and helpful.  My husband was craving some fruit (something that wasn't on the menu) and when I asked our waitress if by any chance they had some available, she was more than happy to check for us and sure enough came out with a nice plate of melons, pineapples, and berries.   Yes, the cocktails and single glass of wine are a bit pricy, but the service we received made it so easy for me to overlook that.My experience didn't just end at the bar.  Once we left and met the valet to request taxi service, the valet helping us wasn't able to get a hold of a taxi and instead of sending us off, offered the Mandarin's house car to take us back to our hotel.  We didn't want to inconvenience anyone and even mentioned we'll walk, but everyone there was nice all around and then rolls up the house car, an S-class benz!  Sweet!  This place really knows how to roll out the red carpet and make anyone feel like a VIP, even for just a few moments!  I was so impressed by the service here that I told the husband, we need to stay here for our next trip!  Overall, excellent experience all around!
5	Wow what a great place.  The view was amazing and it was such a place for my wife and I to sit, enjoy the view. This particular night was not too busy so easily sat on the long sofa that was really comfortable. This is definitely a place we will stop in whenever we are in town.
4	You feel like a high roller the moment you walk into this hotel.  The Mandarin Bar is on the 23rd floor and has one of the best views of the strip.  This is a chill place, not crowded, not overly loud.  What the Chandelier bar used to be.  Cocktails are awesome, the cucumber watermelon fresca is outstanding.  They serve light apps, try the sliders, or just munch on the complimentary nuts, but watch out for the wasabi ones.
5	So you're looking for a reasonably quiet place for a drink and a conversation?? Then come to this place for a great experience and awesome view! It's super easy to get to and the place is not so crowded.
5	Pppppricey!!!!Yes, very pricey drinks, BUT you're over looking the strip and the drinks are amazingly delectable! They do give you free small appetizers (wasabi peanuts, mixed nuts and roasted almonds)... yes they do refill it.Go during the week when it's not busy. Then you'll have the server's or the bartender's full attention and service.5 stars for it's amazing view, atmosphere, drinks and service. Must stop if you're bar hopping in City Center.
5	EXPENSIVE....the view is worth every penny. I love this location and the staff is amazing. I have only been a few times and it is always fun. The other customers are reserve and very respectful of others around them. I hope to take more friends and customers to this location.
5	Gorgeous 23rd floor views of the Strip. Top notch, friendly service. Pricey but worth the experience for sure. Example: Two Campari with club soda ran $31.00 with tax & tip. A 3-section nibbly tray is complimentary and they will refill it. The green litte wasabi nuggets will certainly clear out your sinuses in one millisecond - they were great!!!
5	If you're in Vegas and you need a sexy, dark place to enjoy fabulous drinks while enjoying a magnificent view of the strip: this is your place, baby.It's beautiful, quiet and the service is spectacular. They also give you some amazing almonds, wasabi nuts and mixed nuts to snack on while you're being blown away by the view. It's very private. The tables are seated far enough apart so you don't feel like you're being eavesdropped on. It's a very romantic setup if you're looking for that sort of thing.They have an extensive menu of mixed drinks that also come as mocktails. I am a beer drinker and they, in their exquisite taste, had Chimay. Yum.I love this bar and have since the first time I stepped foot in it. They are very accommodating if you don't have reservations, but I recommend them if you want window seating. Vegas' perfect  bar.
5	Nice bar with a nice view. Located wthin the Mandarin Oriental, it's also a lot less crowded and classier than the other bars in the city, and you won't have to whiff any smoke while you're enjoying your drinks here.They have a decent cocktail list, with some good brands of alcohol to choose from. They serve wasabi peas, almonds, and some other snacks upon your arrival, but you can also order small eats in case you get hungry while you're drinking.The cocktails I got were very well made. The truffle salt edamame was awesome and I couldn't stop popping more into my mouth despite being full. Plus, the environment is really chill but upscale, and you can sit there for hours just sipping on drinks. Apart from the price tag which can pop your eyes, it is definitely a good place to hang out at, especially if you're with that special lady friend.
4	If you're like me (I feel sorry for you), then you're not a fan of the loud, obnoxious lounges that are a dime-a-dozen in or around the strip.Mandarin Oriental is quite a different animal.  Most people will tell you the best feature here is the view.  While the view is amazing, in no way do I think it is the best feature.  The best thing about this place is the atmosphere.  Relatively quiet, dark, and intimate.  This is the kind of lounge you can actually hold a conversation with the person next to you without yelling in their ear.The next best thing, although not for me because I'm a lightweight, is the strong drinks.  So pace yourself.  Or do what I did and just girl out by getting one of those Berry Bellini drinks.  They're easier to stomach than the hard alcohol drinks.
5	The ultimate place to start the night, or just have a mellow evening in Las Vegas. Five Star views, drinks and service (I'd give the service 10stars if such a thing existed).   Aslo, due to the location and prices, you dont have the 3foot tall slushie carrying, wife-beater wearing rif raf. We start our evenings there every time we are in Vegas.
5	This place has, without a doubt, the best view in Las Vegas.  The bar is extremely high class, with the hotel entrance and lobby passed on the way in.  Their is asian art hung on the walls.  Fresh flowers in pots all around.  And massive art pieces about on the ceiling and floor.  Its great grand halls and huge decretive style are breathtaking - and that is just the hotel entrance.  Once inside the actual bar, the waitress seats you infront of one of the buildings stunning window views.  This is where the magic happens and why the trip is all worth it.  The view is situated half way up most of the buildings, right in the heart of the strip.  All the lights and colors are just so unique and a must see when in this city.The drinks are steeply priced ($16 and up), but when considering the benefits of admission (the view) its all worth it.  There are a lot of decently made cocktails on the menu, personally I preferred the champagne cocktail unique to the place.  The drinks also comes with an assortment of nuts for snacking, including wasabi peanuts which make your eyes water and are a good entertainment option.I love this bar and always take friends here from out of town.  It's just simply unrivaled for its view and class.
5	This is the ultimate bar/lounge experience in Vegas. Hands down. Best view - 23rd floor - the strip is in your lap. Incredible cocktails. Phenomenal staff. Ask for Corbin or Michael - although you really can't go wrong here.
5	Clean, quiet, sophisticated bar with an amazing view of the strip. As the elevator opens up to the 23rd floor, the mild, fresh, floral scent immediately hits you. Low music, great lighting, and a unique cocktail selection. The snack tray they bring out is a nice touch: sesame crackers, wasabi peanuts, and roasted almonds. Waitress was very pleasant. We would highly recommend this lounge.
4	Overpriced, but a great, swanky view of Las Vegas. Worth getting a drink and checking out, though.
5	An essential experience in City Center!
4	After going to Hyde, my friends and I needed a place that was cool to get the ick feeling off of us. Mandarin Bar is that place. It's a very nice bar with a really great view. I have been to Mix at The Hotel and that has a good view. But I think that Mandarin Bar's view is much better. When we were seated, we sat right next to the window, so it was just perfect. The ambiance of the bar is really nice. The bar was full of people, but it wasn't crazy like you would expect a Vegas bar to be like. I liked that, personally. We ordered drinks and some food. We had wine and beer there only. We got orders of their fries, right before the kitchen closed for the night. Those fries were so good. Probably because we were a bit tipsy and probably because they are really good. Overall, the place was really nice. I definitely would go here again for the view and those damn fries!
5	We really enjoy this place and it is a nice change from so many of the other LV Strip Bars.  First, the music is played at a level that allows you to talk to everyone in your party.  The bar itself just reeks class and the views are fantastic.  The only negative is the high price of the drinks, but to get the ambiance and view I don't mind paying a little extra.   The service was really good too.  The only negative was the Chimay was served way too cold.
4	Do you expect anything less than the finest from Mandarin Oriental? No.This is a strange property, but I mean that in the best way, from the ground level there is really only one place to go and that is up.  It throws you off the first time to walk into a lobby expecting the check-in area and all there is are chairs.  You take the elevator half-way up the building and you exit into a very dim and peaceful atmosphere.  This is no ordinary lobby bar... Since this property is just feet off of Las Vegas Blvd, the building has windows facing every direction except west.  Meaning you can stand in one part of the bar and see up and down the strip from TI to Mandalay Bay.This is a wonderful place to take a date, they are always playing music, which is sort of loud only because the space isn't huge and most of the seats are by the music.  The table comes stocked with nuts and wasabi peas which sting and yet you keep going back for more!With the cheapest drinks on the menu being roughly $8 for hot choco, expect to pay for the view, as you should because this place is worth it.  If the drinks were more reasonable I would be here often and my review would be 5-star.  Bottom line: If you want to impress a date and have a really "classy" evening, take them here :)
5	Mandarin Bar is on the 23rd floor of the Mandarin Oriental.  This bar has a really nice view of the strip.  I do not think it's the best view; it's only 23 floors up.  But still, it is a great view while you sip on some really good and pricey drinks.  They mix the drinks pretty good.
4	This place is exactly what a hotel bar should be. Like the rest of the property, you can easily forget you are in Vegas while you're here. No crazy loud music, no throngs of drunk tourists, no ding-ding-ding from the slot machines. Just a nice, cool, mellow lounge. The perfect place to start or end your night if you are staying at the Mandarin Oriental hotel. The only thing disappointing about our experience here was the bill. They charge way too much for their specialty cocktails ($16-$18) and wines by the glass ($16-$24) but if you stick with something a more basic mixed drink its not too bad. They also have beers for "only" $8. The service was not particularly memorable but I really did like the calming environment. It was a very chill bar.Since their wines by the glass were so pricey I decided to go ahead and sample some of their specialty cocktails. I tried the Cucumber French 75 and the Un-usual Negroni. Both were well made and exactly what I expected them to be. But neither one really knocked my socks of. I've had better craft cocktails at places in Scottsdale for half the price. Both the hubby and I loved the snack tray (which thankfully was free) especially the wasabi iso peanuts. He was hungry from skipping dinner so he also went ahead and ordered the sliders and some bolo fries and I had a couple bites of each. The sliders ($14) were super juicy but not too greasy at all. They had some butter lettuce and a tomato slice on top that were very, very fresh. Not your typical bar sliders. The bolo fries ($14) were a little unusual but very tasty as well. They are basically huge waffle fries served in what looked like a pasta bowl with a bolognese sauce on top. So it sort of looks like spaghetti with meat sauce at first glance. The fries were cooked perfectly and the sauce was delicious but I am not sure why they thought they should be served together. It was fun to try something new and different but I'm not sure I would order them again.Overall, we both had a good experience at this bar and the only thing that kept them from five stars was the bill. If their drink prices were a little more reasonable we probably would have returned the other nights for the rest of the stay but unfortunately that would have broken the bank.
5	The best view. Drink menu has a lot of great selections. I had the non-alcoholic cucumber watermelon drink; which was godly. So if you have ever wondered what your Cucumber Melon Bath and Body Works lotion tastes like, then you should have that. The staff was friendly, and attentive to your needs. The mood here was intimate and romantic. I really liked the assortment of spicy nuts they give you when you sit down. Watch out for the green ones, those will burn your ass.
5	We chanced upon this bar when we went into the Mandarin Oriental and it was the best decision we made during our whole trip.The views at this bar are unrivaled, with floor to ceiling windows that show the vast expanse of the Las Vegas strip. You want a picture op, come here for it. Mind you the place is very classy and pretty quiet - perfect for chatting with your group, not screaming over high decibel music. Our group had several cocktails and I'd recommend the bellini (fresh fruit, very light and refreshing). All of their cocktails were solid though, with liquor deserving of the higher price tag (can't say the same for a lot of other Vegas bars). They also give you snacks such as  almonds and wasabi nuts to munch on with your cocktail.
5	A quick check list on what makes Mandarin Bar so awesome.Floor to ceiling windows- CHECKBest view of the Las Vegas Strip- CHECKGorgeous bar with a super sexy vibe- CHECKDelicious cocktails and tasty small bites- CHECKLocated on the 23rd floor of the Mandarin Oriental, Mandarin Bar is a classy bar/lounge that boasts arguably the best views of the Vegas Strip. Seriously, the view alone should be enough to bring you here, especially if you visit once the sun has gone down and the lights on the strip are shining bright. My wife and I recently came here for a late night cocktail. This is what we ordered;Lychee Smash- TY KU Liquer, Lychee Liquer, Pear Puree, Simple Syrup, Fresh Lemon Juice & Mint LeavesThe Golden Leaf- Hendricks Gin, Aperol, Muddled Mandarin, Pineapple & Lime Juice & Simple SyrupI'm not going to lie, the price tag for one of their specialty cocktails is quite high. My wife and I each had one drink and our tab came to $36 without tip ($18 per drink). But in all honesty your not only paying for the wonderful cocktails, you're paying for the stunning views and the amazing atmosphere. Even if the drinks would've been $25 dollars apiece I still would've come here. To be able to sit back, relax, sip on a fantastic drink and take in the beautiful views with my wife was worth every penny. Check out the Mandarin Bar if you're visiting Vegas. Trust me when I say that it's a must see, even if you only stay for one drink like my wife and I did.
5	So happy that I got to stop by this place for drinks before had to leave for the airport on Sunday eve. Having cocktails overlooking the Strip while listening to live jazz...can't beat it! Very accommodating servers and civilized good looking crowd. Reservations required to sit on the lounge tables but bar seating is open. Strongly suggest to come there by 6pm (FYI, it opens at 5) and relax, sip cocktails until sunset. Amazing transition views from day to night!  The live jazz had a impromptu vocalist that sang "Don't Know Why" by Norah Jones. It gave me goose bumps cause she was fantastic and the crowd applauded gracefully. Had a pork belly appetizer (see pics) courtesy of the manager cause had to be moved from the table to the bar (didn't have reservations). That's what I call service...which Mandarin is known for!  It maybe a little pricey but this place is a must for couples because of the ambiance and panoramic views. Perfect hideaway to wind down from buzzing casinos. This was the perfect ending to my crazy-fun Las Vegas weekend :)
5	This is one fabulous and fantastic place.  Killer views, killer bartender, killer ambience.  My new favorite bar in Vegas.  Doesn't really get better than this in life.
4	I went here for a Tyku beverage freebie night a while ago to promote some art event. It was a Monday night I believe. They had a decent crowd, music and the drinks were very good (normal price $18). We also got bar snacks which is always a bonus with free drinks! With one of the best views of the Strip at this bar, you may be able to justify the $20 drink prices here. Fill up on the complimentary bar snacks!
5	Amazing view!  That is the most obvious part.  This bar is elegant and classy.  The drinks are definitely pricey, but worth it.  The service was professional and prompt.  I ordered my favorite cocktail, which was made very well and shaken with a bit of egg white.  I enjoyed chatting with my husband about all the views we saw while overlooking the Strip.  They have an appetizer menu that sounds great as well, but we came on a Sunday evening before closing, and the kitchen had already closed.  We were warned when we walked in that they would be closing in a half hour, but they did not rush us.  This is a great place to go all dressed up before or after a show and get cozy with your honey.
5	The Mandarin Bar is at the Mandarin Oriental HotelGreat view with floor to ceiling windows.Good drinks with free spicy Asian bar snacks.Older clientele.I came here after my spa visit. I sat at the bar and took a look at the cocktail menu. Plenty of specialty cocktails that sounded good. The bartender was attentive and friendly. As for the bar snacks they were also good; the bartender actually warned that one particular snack was extremely spicy. It might have been wasabi flavored peas(?) but I don't remember. This bar attracts an older crowd which is fine by me. The vibe here was much more "relaxed" and "quiet" as opposed to the hustle and bustle of the Chandelier Bar at the Cosmo. It was the perfect end to a lovely spa visit.
5	Love this place... It isn't cheap but for a few drinks before heading out this place sets the tone! Great drinks and a really interesting bar menu. The view is sweet and the feel is Hi-Ball Vegas! I will be back.. my new prefunk place. Also, where I will meet other Executives I want to punish with a $300 bar tab.. wink.. Love it!
4	Impeccable service. Amazing cocktails. Best view from City Center. Pricey drinks. Minimum $18 a cocktail.
5	Excellent bar, cool music, played not too loud. great views in both directions. Service impeccable as the MO hotel They make a wonderful special Mojito. Well worth a try.
4	7/4/13Mandarin Oriental is the synonym to swankiness and luxury. The Las Vegas counterpart certainly doesn't disappoint. On the night of the 4th we were at the bar to watch the firework, away from the hustle-and-bustle of the strip.All drinks here, martinis, cocktails--are $18 each. But you have to see the amazing view of the Strip through its floor-to-ceiling window. Tables line up by the plate glass and there are big couches for groups. Tasty Asian-style trail mix.The scene is mellow. It's loungy, elegant, and swanky. Music is not too loud and obviously this is not a destination for the riffraff party crowd. You can actually carry a conversation here. I recommend a reservation here on weekends and holidays.
5	The Mandarin Bar is an oasis of refined elegance amidst the craziness of The Strip.  The setting is warm and relaxed with awesome views of the lights and excitement of The Strip.Service is always flawless.  The cocktails are incredible-- well-balanced, interesting, and delicious.  A trio of bar snacks accompanies your cocktails.I keep coming back again and again.
5	This is a beautiful place, hidden away from the craziness of Las Vegas.  The staff could be friendly, but they are not.  Just ignore the staff and enjoy the view, the drinks and the quiet.
4	The Wasabi peanuts will burn your nasal cavity to a small, pricey mass. And this is coming from someone who actually inhales wasabi w/ sushi. But wow, what a view. And you will pay for that privilege.No food. Really. Just go to Jaleo at the Cosmopolitan Hotel like we do.This bar and the rest of the 23rd floor looks like a 21st Century version of the Nakatomi Building from Die Hard.The 23rd floor is simply magnificent.The two story glass windows allow you to look at the majestic video screens of the the Aria and Planet Hollywood, or the slumville of the Hawaiian Marketplace across the street.Tip: Go at night. You won't see the slum located after the Harley-Davidson Cafe across the street. And you should seat yourself towards the Cosmopolitan-side once you walk in the door.It's unbelievably beautiful, and I'm clearly meant to be living here on a regular basis.If you want to be beautiful (and we were), come here. Get ready to charge up your Platinum Amex card and be served like the God/Goddess you always knew you were.In all truthfulness, the GF really looked magnificent here. You will too.
5	Amazing spot! Worth the trip...great drinks and amazing views of the strip. Awesome place to meet up with friends!
5	Tired of the smoke filled casinos? Need a sexy 20th floor view of the strip to start a conversation? Enjoy exquisite creative cocktails in the most elegant decorated resort on the strip? Then make an OT resv in 30 minutes for a window table late at night and beam yourself up that dark elevator. Oh yeah, the wasabi peanuts have great pungency, so savior the fumes carefully lest you spit out most of your $18 cocktail.
5	This is my ultimate favourite escape from the crazy that is the Las Vegas strip.  Stepping into the lobby of the Mandarin Oriental immediately separates you from the masses, and by the time you've made it up to the 23rd floor you start to feel relaxed.Mandarin Bar allows you to sit in your perch (maybe a comfy couch or lounge chair) and take in the lights of the Strip, while listening to classy lounge music and while surrounded by people enjoying the same.This escape from the madness below comes at a price, with drinks at $18 a piece, but somehow it seems worth it- the drinks are complex and satisfying, the bar snacks (wasabi nuts, salted almonds, and a trail mix) are bottomless and tasty, and the views are pretty much unparalleled on the strip.The service is attentive and unpretentious.This is my favourite bar in Vegas, and I will return time and time again until somewhere equally as good comes along!
5	This FABULOUS bar should be at the top of everyones list, who wants to experience luxury, class, and superior service. Our visit was on Saturday, August 24.As we walk through the lobby of the Mandarin Oriental Hotel, a concierge gentleman greets us and asks how he can help. We tell him we are interested in the Mandarin Bar, and he tells us it's on the 23rd floor as he proceeds to the elevators to press the button for us. Feeling like a celebrity at this point! (I'll admit.) When the elevator arrives, I notice a bench inside covered of red velvet. I think I'm in love. The elevator smells clean and fresh...just the way I like. Stepping out you will notice a view that is spectecular. As my senses awaken...we walk over to the podium of the Mandarin Bar(skip the concierge, unless your heart desires something else). We are greeted by a pleasant and attrative young woman, asking if we would like to sit inside or outside. We choose outside because of the view. Not literally. It's the couches and seats that are next to the concierge. She says we can sit anywhere and the waitress will be right with us...and she was. Quick, did not miss a beat. Served a 3 choice snack mixture, that consisted of almond smoked flavor, wasabi covered nuts, and a chex mix. Served in a 3 dish miniature bowl setting. As we look over the menu...Drinks only but they do offer an entree menu on the appetizer size...We just had dinner. We noticed the detailed descriptions of the cocktails...like it!!! I ordered the Berry Bellini $18 "A decadent yet light cocktail created with white peach puree, muddled blackberries, sparkling wine." -Mandarin BarMy friend orders the Jack and Juice and did not like it. He than orders the Fall Old Fashioned $18 "A classic cocktail originally made with muddled orange and cherries, Basil Hayden's, a sugar cube, bitters and Seltzer, our's is a sophisticated twist using Ele Makule Bitters, Luxardo Cherrie, Port Wine, and cinnamon simple syrup." He was not charged for the other drink. And, was encouraged to order it even though he might not like it. Brownie points!!! The music in the background was jazzy easy listening just enough to have a conversation. As we sat in our comfy chairs overlooking the fabulous Las Vegas Blvd on just another Saturday...we realized that this would be a regular stop on our trip to Vegas.
4	"What a view..."Those were the first words out of my mouth when I stepped into the Mandarin Bar, perched on the 23rd floor of the Mandarin Oriental hotel.I wasn't really that high up, but I was lucky enough to be in Vegas on the 1 day per year that the desert gets a wicked awesome lightning storm, and seeing the huge lightning flashes against the backdrop of the Strip lights was a sight to behold.  The huge, floor-to-ceiling windows at Mandarin Bar provided views from all sides.  The bar itself is contemporary but cozy (albeit too sterile for my taste), and a singer and her musical backup kept the jazz standards coming.  A lovely setting to enjoy some cocktails.Speaking of cocktails... they're crazy expensive.  Like everything else on the menu, my elderflower smash -- a straightforward gin and St. Germain creation that doesn't seem too hard to make -- costs $18.  I could've bought a whole bottle of gin for that money.  Too rich for my blood.  That said, the cocktail tasted great.  (Cocktails are mixed in a kitchen out of sight, so it's up to your tastebuds to figure out if you got a heavy pour or not.)A great touch are the complementary bar snacks -- trail mix and salted peanuts.  Maybe if you eat enough snacks instead of going out for dinner, you can recoup the cost of the cocktails?That's what I pondered as I finished my drink, paid my tab, and hurried on to other things.
4	You really can't beat the view here - definitely worth paying the price if you can get a seat by the window. The servers were very attentive and cocktails will run you about $18.  They do close WAY too early for Vegas standars, but if you're sick of the typical casino lounges, head over to the Mandarin for a nice experience and a great view.
5	Pretty quiet, good view, fair price, but pretty small.
5	The views are fantastic and its a great place to relax & enjoy a drink or two from the hustle and bustle of the Strip.
5	SOOO glad we made it here. VERY chill, laid back, hidden gem. Mandarin Oriental DOES NOT have a casino :-O - crazy, right? SO unless you stay there, or do some research, you might never see this place. It's small, for Vegas. Maybe 10 tables along the windows and 5-7 inside of that. There is also a bar. We made 9:30 reservations, and noticed it was only 1/2 full. View was AMAZING. Waitress was friendly, and served us right away with complimentary dish of nuts and snack mix. My husband and I both ordered off the cocktail menu, and drinks were TOP notch, as they should be for the $$$.  Definitely would recommend and come back!
5	The view and the drinks are the best here...I was staying in the hotel and we came here twice for a drink in the evening and were greeted and taken care of right away. The service is excellent in the bar, and the wait staff and bartender are very attentive. They serve delicious little snacks with the drinks that are a lot better than a bowl of pretzels and the seats are comfortable, the views at night are spectacular and the entertainment is pretty good...mostly funny, which is good in my book.
4	Nice views but not the best. Drinks were pricey but excellently made by warm and very friendly servers.Great vibe, good tunes at right volume, and very comfortable seats.The nut tray is a plus.If i were staying at City Center or Cosmo, id return.
5	Great views of the strip & great selection of cocktails. Elevator has a cool couch inside that makes for some fun rides!
5	Our visit was on 11/1/13.  And, I would have to agree with Anna K.'s 8/25/13 review below.  The setting is spectacular.  Service impeccable.  Absolutely perfect if you want to get away from the noise, congestion and overall ickyness of the strip 23 stories below.  We stopped at the Mandarin Bar to have a cocktail before we ate at Mozen.  We ordered a bottle of Sake and, after tasting how delicious it was, determined that we didn't want to rush through our bottle.  The problem is that I like to be on time and didn't want to be late for our dinner reservations.  I could feel the anxiety building. Almost as if he could read my mind, the bartender asked if everything was okay.  I told him that if we enjoyed this bottle of Sake we clearly were going to be late for our dinner reservations.  The Bartender smiled and said, "No Problem. I will be right back."  In a moment, he returned and told us he had spoken to the restaurant and we could enjoy our Sake as long as we would like and our table would be ready whenever we came downstairs.  Excellent!  All my anxiety disappears and we enjoy the drinks, view and each others company.However, be prepared to pay for the ambiance, service and overall "Ahhh" factor.  Being a Rockstar does not come inexpensively.  But here, for my spouse and I on this night, it was worth it.  Thank you.
5	Spent our last night at the Mandarin Bar for Sunday night jazz and cocktails. Drinks and food were fabulous and we were seated at a lovely table by the window. Had a blackberry champagne cocktail and their version of a lemon drop martini and both were out of this world. Sunday night jazz (great) 6-9pm with $25 per person minimum for a table. Cocktails are $18 and worth it.
4	Prices were not too bad, Scotch and Cognac was much cheaper than at the Andre's bar. First time there we sat in the main bar area and the service was 5 stars, next nite it packed and we had to sit in the "tea lounge" where we got 3 star service. Great views if you are near a window.
5	Wow. The 5 star reviews don't lie.We were looking for something like The Standard lounge roof top from LA and this is just like it. Super chill. Great views. Plenty of seats. Great music and ambiance but not too loud.GREAT view. Ideal spot to chill at. Probably a good spot for first dates.Note on getting there: To get to Mandrian hotel you pull in to the City Center and stay left and follow the sign for Mandrian hotel. Easy valet parking from there. Go to the 23rd floor and you're there.Will definitely be back.
5	Came here for a drink as my girlfriend and I had a little time to kill before seeing Ka at MGM.  I have to say this is the best hotel bar I have ever been to.  Gorgeous floor to ceiling windows, plenty of chairs to sit in, and amazing albeit expensive drinks.  Entering the Mandarin feels like you are stepping into another world.  No slot machines, no drunk d-bags going to and from the clubs with their plastic girlfriends on their arms, just serenity and politeness.  The only downside to the Mandarin is that even though it is in City Center, it is really hard to find how to get inside unless you have been there before and right outside the parking entrance on the strip is a CVS and panhandlers.  Of course, as I stated above, it is like stepping into another world.  Shangra-La begins at their driveway.  PS the bar snacks (almonds, wasabi nuts, mix) are delicious.
4	$$$Romantic...Secluded...Inspiring...Dripping Class!  As long as multiple dollar signs don't scare you off Mandarin Bar is one of the best spots in Vegas for a view with a drink. People come here for one of the better views of the strip.  The setting is worth the price for many, but not everyone.  The drinks are good, but it's the view and setting that you're paying for.  There are several appetizers here, but I've never heard someone say they were going to Mandarin for the apps...still, I normally order something to eat when I'm here.  I'm never overly impressed, but not downright disappointed either.  Some people knock this place for the price, but if I was getting the best craft cocktails in Vegas with incredible small plates of food I would expect to pay 2 or 3 times as much as the already inflated prices.  It is what it is, and it deserves a solid 4 stars.For most of us, Mandarin is the kind of place you go on a special occasion, with a friend from out of town, or when you're trying to impress someone.
5	Solid, solid spot. Amazing how many people do not know about this place. Views are great, drinks are not the typical selection service is always top notch, and tunes are great, not so loud you have to yell to have a conversation. If you are on the strip or a local this place is worth the trip not your average lounge.
5	Amazing view, delicious cocktails, and wonderful food!!! We ordered the edamame, sliders, and bolo fries. The sliders were meh, but the edamame and fries were stellar. For drinks, I had the tea-tini followed by the rising plum. I didn't think I'd be a fan of bourbon and whiskey based drinks...but this place proved me wrong. We will be back next time we're in Vegas!
4	Few if any better views in the city. Friendly service. Really unique and well crafted cocktails. You will pay a premium for the location/view (~$18 per drink), but the view/ambience is worth it for at least one drink. Had the Muay Thai Mule, a fun version of a Moscow Mule. Ate dinner downstairs at Mozen (really good!) first so we didn't try any of the snacks, but they had the best "bar snack" wasabi peas (actually hot). We were here in slow season and got right in without a reservation, but it's not a big place so I'd recommend making one (particularly to try and reserve a window seat - though you can see from any seat). I'd give it a 5 but the drinks are insanely expensive - even for Vegas prices.
5	Very nice ambiance. Strong drinks. As others have stated the views are stellar. Try to get a reservation in advance to get a window seat. The hostess and bartenders were very patient and accommodating. Easy parking with complimentary valet. No self parking but who would want to! Its the Mandarin Oriental!
5	Great views of Las Vegas - we had wonderful window seats with views of Las Vegas at night and  the entertaining and large video boards.  We also had nice views of the 2 buildings that lean 5 per cent (yes - they lean; its not the drinks that make them look that way).The place had mellow music - perfect to still enjoy romantic times and lively convesations.I had two of their Royal Tea drinks (not really a tea but a nice alcoholic drink that has left me with a mellow buzz - nice and smooth; and served in a martini glass).Good service; we  used valet park service.Great place in Las Vegas for a drink in  a mellow bar (all ages but most over 40).
5	$18 drinks are well worth every penny. The view is amazing, the bartenders' creations are even better. I told him I love Moscow Mules, and I ended up getting 3 different variations throughout the night, all really unique and delicious. I love this place. Super classy. Relaxing. Romantic.
3	Management keeps things loud and the room acoustics make for very tinny sounding reverberations. Easily nauseated by the noise. We've been on multiple occasions and the atmosphere is always the same -- loud and obnoxious. Truly unfortunate as the Mandarin Bar space has the potential to be among the very best in all of Las Vegas. The high-floor view, 240 degree window panoramas and the sexy location are unsurpassed. All of that completely blown by an overeager ambiance.
4	We stopped in for a quick drink while we were guests at the Mandarin. Amazing views, modern design, casual elegance (as another reviewer mentioned)- great options on drink menu and priced well for the setting and name. Waitress came over with in a minute to greet us, offer drink menus and let us know she'd be with us shortly.  Returned with a tray of toasted almonds, wasabi almonds, and a wasabi cracker mix. My husband and I love wasabi- yay. Gave drink orders (mint julep and lemongrass mojito) We reluctantly snack- knowing our drinks will be right out- long story short- we got totally wasabied! It took a while- at least ten minutes- to get the cocktails. There were four other couples in the entire bar. I walked up to see if they were o the bar at one point as my thirst raged, but there was no bartender in sight. Once the drinks came- there was no apology for the extended wait- they were delicious! We would have ha another and possibly gone back again during our stay, by didn't feel like we had enough time to spend waiting. I would not return, but I'm so glad we went.
5	Excellent view amazing staff and your at the Mandarin!  I live here and the people and staff are wonderful.  Take a date or your parent to this fin establishment you will not be disappointed.
3	Mandarin is a good concept with an execution that misses the mark.A sexy cocktail lounge overlooking the Vegas strip sounds perfect on paper. The setting, the decor, and the soulful house music create the proper atmosphere. The staff is attentive and cute enough to enhance the experience. But the cocktail menu is just decent, not exceptional. The view of the strip is basically just an endless loop of video ads for Aria and Britney Spears. It's a nice place to have one drink, but there's no reason to stay for multiple rounds.
5	Mandarin service is always outstanding ... Perfect setting to enjoy the views and find a quiet place for a drink in a very civilized setting
5	We were here for a friends 40th birthday party in January...and the service was exceptional! Drinks were worth every penny and I have to recommend their "cake shots"! Definitely ask for them! Huge shout out for Michael Aquino, one of their Managers, who ensured that our event was absolutely perfect.
4	Great view and awesome atmosphere. Bring your significant other for a romantic night.
2	I think we came on a bad night. The two stars go out for the wonderful view and atmosphere of the bar, but that's about it. The night we came, our waitress was not too friendly and she seemed a bit distant, like she was new but I'm pretty sure she wasn't. They were out of many types of alcohol, which literally cut their specialty drinks menu to half. The drinks were okay, though not what we originally ordered, but filled with a laaaaaaaaaaaaaarge amount of ice. I used to be a bartender, and I understand we put a lot of ice, but WOW this was a lot. My bf's old fashioned was also really off-tasting and was not the best tasting.The little side munches were a plus, but that's really about it. We ordered some apps as well, but they were forgotten and never made their way to our table. Anyway, I really wanted to like this place, if not for the view alone, but the mistakes made in our alcohol, food, and service made it really off putting. I may or may not try this place again. Love the view, but do I really want to subject myself to another possible round of horrid drinks and service?
5	Best view of strip in Vegas. Swanky upscale vibe and a tremendous overall feel. Highly recommend it for a spot to grab a glass of wine or cocktail with your wife or girlfriend. They will absolutely love it!
5	There is something special about every Mandarin Oriental and this is definitely it. Very dim lit, super classy, chic yet comfortable.
4	MO Bar is probably one of the most chill spots you can hit up in Vegas! If you're looking for a chill spot to just hang with a group of friends with some delicious cocktails while enjoying the view and trying to avoid all the crazy drunks elsewhere along this strip, this is the place the go! You get a great view pretty much anywhere you sit up here. And the cocktails are perfectly mixed! Hits the damn spot after dinner if you're just wanting to chillax' and not go clubbing! Service is on point and they'll accommodate whatever size group you got based on the tables available! And live music from some damn good musicians make this lounge much more cool!Simply take the elevator 23 stories up to the main lobby and MO Bar is just a few steps away once you get out.Snap some shots while you're at it! :)
5	Amazing view! Expensive cocktails but they are so unique, you have to splurge on one to try it. There's nothing more sophisticated than sipping a tea infused cocktail looking at the gorgeous strip and all the 'hussel and bussel' below. As a local, I cannot believe I hadn't been here sooner. There is no charge to get in and you receive a complimentary trio of nuts which were delicious, although it may have been the combination of the view/classy ambiance.I hear this place does get packed, but I went on a Sunday right before sunset and I was able to find a seat next to the window. Did I mention the gorgeous view?!
4	Wow! This place was amazing! Nice get away from all the loud people of the strip. They had great music, low enough where you could still hear your friends. We went there the other night with some friends & had a great time! There's a beautiful view, comfortable seats.
4	The best view in Las Vegas! I'm lucky to have friends that live at the Mandarin residences so we frequent this bar often. Drinks are expensive but it's worth it for the view and incredible atmosphere. It's a great place to start your night!
5	We were looked after by Paige who was fantastic. Oh the cocktails were great too! The gold leaf in the first drink of the night was a nice touch. The view of the strip coupled, live music with stunning drinks made for a fantastic evening, and we can't wait to go back tonight.
5	First and foremost you will pay 15-20 per drink, that being said it was the most amazing bar I have ever been too, located 23 stories up from Vegas it shows the absolute best view of all the lights. I made reservations and the waitress upon finding out it was a mini honeymoon moved us to the window seating, we spent 2 hours just watching and enjoying our beverage of choice just talking laughing and watching the view. The staff is so attentive and unlike some of my Vegas excursions this one was worth every penny. Please put down your chips and enjoy one evening here. Best money you could spend!
5	Everything about this hotel is perfect.  Mandarin Bar is a great example.  23 floors up. Some of the best views of the strip.  Quiet.  Romantic.  Feels like the one in "Lost in Translation" where Bill Murray and Scarlett Johansson shared a few drinks.  Love it.It's my favorite Vegas bar.
1	went here for new years eve celebration. paid 800+ for a table.when i arrived, it was a STANDING table which i did NOTTTTTT KNOW. the waitress was nice enough to find me a stool to sit on though but my date had to stand.there were too many people. too crowded. too drunk. either splurge for $1000+ for a seating table or just pay $150 entrance fee. hindsight, just pay the $150 fee, buy some drinks, stand there for an hour, enjoy the live jazz music then leave.
2	The view here is amazing! Definitely worth coming here just for that. We decided to come here for pre-dinner drinks since the restaurant wasn't open. Upon entering we were greeted by the hostess (shorter, brown hair) and she was super cold. She did smile, she didn't even say welcome, I'm almost sure she didn't even look at us, because as 5 of us were standing in front of her, she ask if we had 4 in our party. She just asked us for our last name that was pretty much it. For being such a high end upscale hotel, with a beautiful view, it ruined the experience. We knew she knew how to smile because talking to her coworker she smiled.Our waitress was really nice. We had the crafty Moscow and berry Bellini. The crafty Moscow was super good. The ginger was strong which I loved, but I can see if you don't like ginger, you wouldn't like it. My friend had the berry Bellini didn't like it. Cocktails were $18. For the view and the crafty Moscow I would give it 4 stars, but the hostess killed it.
5	simply amazing.what a gorgoues bar. its the mandarin so I wouldn't expect much less. you walk into the dark mysterious ground floor of the mandarin hotel, take the elevator straight up and arrive on the 23rd floor. walk right into the bar and snagged awesome seats right by the floor to ceiling windows.the drinks are good and strong. the nut mix hits the spot. and we ordered some sliders which were really really good.we ended up making a whole night out of this place instead of just a quick happy hour spot.. it was that good!
5	One of the many perks of staying at the Mandarin Oriental is this sky bar. It has a great view and it's voted one of the best views in any Vegas hotels. What's even better is that this place isn't pretendious, it's really laid back, great jazz band, and great menu. Friday night, my husband and I came here for some drinks. We had walked all day and we had just relaxed in the sink-in tub in our room so I dressed down a lot in a dress and flip flops and still got in. The waiter asked for my ID and I forgot it so I went back to my room to get it. I came back in and there was a guy at the door all of a sudden, he greeted me and asked for my ID. I asked him how old I looked and he said I look very young to be in a bar, touche! Well, I'm old enough to be in a bar so I got in and got my drink (Golden Leaf)  where my husband was waiting for me. Along with our drinks, we got glasses of water and some snacks. My husband loved the wasabi nuts, they were hot but he couldn't stop eating them.We moved from the bar to a table and had a great view of the strip. It's a similar view to our room, except it's from the 23rd floor. After two drinks, we closed our tab and headed toward the elevator back to our room.As we were walking away, three people at the bar asked about our DSLR camera and we striked up a conversation. They asked if we were on our first or second date and we told them we've been married for almost 6 years. They were impressed and we started talking, exchanging phone numbers and they bought us drinks. My glass was never empty because our new friends kept insisting the bartender pour me more champagne.The bar had closed and we were asked to hang out at the lobby lounge where we talked and hung out until 4:30 am. The next night, after walking around other hotels and having a few drinks at the Cosmopolitan, we came back here for a few more drinks, this time I dressed up a bit more. The band played a song my husband really liked and he asked me for a dance. I told him that no one else was dancing but he didn't care, so we got up and we slow danced and went back to our table for more drinks.My favorite was the tea-cocktails, I love tea, I love cocktails, put them together and you got a happy Cindy. I got the tea-tini. The view was so nice, we didn't want to leave. This place made our stay at the Mandarin Oriental JUST THAT much better.
5	Easily the best bar I went to in Vegas. AMAZING view of Vegas, even in the bathroom. Very classy. Food is delicious, be careful with the nuts, they are extremely hott!!!! Highly recommended if you want a high class experience while In Vegas.
3	Came here for a cocktail reception, so I didn't need to pay for this event. This review is just for the atmosphere and the food. This bar definitely has a nice view of the strip. Very pretty at night. The place is a little bit tiny though. Not exactly somewhere you should host a large cocktail reception. The sliders they serve here were pretty good, and so were the egg rolls. The workers were nice though, and dropped by a lot to clean up and take away your wine glasses.
4	Tucked secretly inside the Mandarin Oriental, this gem of a bar and lounge truly feels like it's hidden. We honestly weren't looking for it, but curiosity always serves us right when we went to the 23rd floor to explore the hotel. The hotel is designed in a very unique and interesting layout. There are no signs on how to get to the check in desk or the bar on the 23rd floor. We happened to ask the valet guy in front and he gave us the tip on how to get there. Note, there isn't a casino here, so it feels even more secluded and there is less foot traffic here, which is great for those who want a more intimate and quiet place to talk and drink with an amazing view.The views of the strip from the 23rd floor are exquisite at night. The large glass window walls were clean and you could gaze out and enjoy the city lights in a peaceful surrounding. Best enjoyed with a swanky cocktail in your hand and a sexy date by your side.
5	Make a reservation so that you can get a seat by the window!  If I'd known they took reservations, I would have made one. However, our cozy spot on the couch against the wall still gave us a spectacular view. The drinks are inventive and delicious and the small plates are tasty. We ordered the Chicken Satay Skewers and the MoBar Sliders, delicious!  For drinks we enjoyed The Golden Leaf and the Elderflower Smash, both unique and refreshing!This was definitely a highlight of our last trip to Las Vegas.
5	They always do it right here. Feeling of family on the strip is usually non existant but the team here makes it happen.  I dont know why I always eat the wasabi peanuts that make my head explode but I always come back for more. The valet team is amazing always remember me and are quick with getting my car. Very highly recommended to anyone visiting the first or fiftieth time!
5	Not as expensive as you would think. Relaxed no-pressure atmosphere. All the staff is pro and you could sit there and drink water for all they care.Makes an excellent meeting space although it can be tricky to get to even if you know your way around Vegas.Live band was present when we we were there and it they have integrated well with the low-volume-dark ambience.
5	The panoramic views of Las Vegas will win you over in the Mandarin Bar, but that's not the only thing that will steal your heart about this place! It's stylish but comfortable with plush seating and a great vantage point from almost anywhere. The service we experienced both times was extremely memorable. If you want a seat you'll need to check in with the hostess, or you can seat yourself at the bar. I highly recommend making a reservation if you want a seat because this place is popular and fills up quickly! Once, we came without a reservation and were seated in the middle of the lounge, which still offers great views. The manager came as soon as a window seat opened up and asked us if we wanted to switch. The second time, we were able to get a reservation in the tea room right outside of the bar, but when we arrived something had opened inside the bar and they offered it to us. On my birthday, the waitress brought us a complimentary dessert trio including 2 delicious macarons, smores caramel popcorn and 2 small creme brulee desserts. It was heavenly, and much appreciated! The drinks are unique and refreshing. My favorite were the Berry Bellini and the Royal Tea. The drinks are pricey at about $18 each but they are so worth it for the entire experience. The ambience, live music, breathtaking views, and great service make this place an absolute must-visit on any occasion!
5	If you are the fancy fufu type, you should probably stop by for a drink or two.I've been to the Mandarin Bar in NYC so I knew what to expect. However, if you've never been, the view is very nice. My favorite part of the bar was the floor to ceiling windows. Half of the view is the City Centre, the other half is a view of The Strip. We went on a weekday but I reserved a table by the window anyways. When I arrived, there was a table for two with a little reservation card by the window. Little touches like this make the 15-20 dollar drinks worthwhile to me.The service was fantastic. The drinks were very well made. The ambiance was incredible. Go with someone you like and you'll have a pretty perfect night.
5	Good drinks great view and they even gave us free champagne to celebrate our anniversary.
5	The view is fantastic.  Very calming and romantic setting.  There is nothing bad about the bar.  Wait staff are excellent and very attentive.  The only negative would be the confusion on how to get there.  Seems like you have to go through a back alley to get there and then you enter a lobby with a single bell hop.  No sign stating which floor the bar is located but once you find it you will defiantly not be disappointed.
5	Best place to enjoy a relaxed cocktail on the strip. You can sit in the lounge outside of the bar for a quite drink. The cocktail selection is better than any of the other bars we went to.
5	Heaven in lounge form. An oasis of calm (in the earlier evening, at least). Terrific view in both directions and tables are spaced so that everyone has plenty of room and can see, even if you don't have one of the tables directly on the window. (These are typically reserved and you will be oh-so-politely redirected if you attempt to commandeer one.) The cocktail list is extensive and everything I've ever had was exquisitely prepared and served, enough even to justify the top-end pricing. Later in the evening, it often gets overrun by various annoying hipster/poseur types, so I like it better as a pre-dinner sunset cocktail spot.
4	Fantastic view of the strip from the Mandarin Oriental. Expensive drinks. It's a fancy place.My co-workers stopped by for a little bit after dinner. We split a $65 bottle of wine and snacked on some bar nuts. I really loved the ambiance since it was loungey and not too busy. It's a really great place for a romantic date and our bartender was really nice too.
1	Sucky ass waiter n bar can't even order more thn a drink at a time on my birthday. Not cool at all!
5	This place has an incredible location.  If you like  dazzling city views with a low key ambiance this bar is for you.  It is a refreshing change from the meat market night clubs and bars that so frequent the Vegas strip.  Quiet and filled with couples out on date night, it has breath taking city views at night.  That is just the beginning.  The service is excellent.  Our bartender Michael was incredibly knowledgeable when it came to scotch selection.  He was even able to articulate the pros and cons of Japanese Scotch versus traditional Scotch choices.  I would highly recommend this place, especially for a nice date night.
4	How to do the Mandarin Bar:1.  Find out what time sunset is for the evening you want to go.2.  Make a reservation for 15-20 minutes before that time.3.  Request a seat in the windows.4.  Watch the sun go down and the city come alive!
5	The view and service at this place is outstanding, probably the best on the strip that I've seen so far. It's confusing to understand how the dress code should be, because i see people all decked out and dressed to the 9's, and at the same time I see people in shorts and sandals. I try to go somewhere in-between. Drinks are pretty expensive, but expect that from a high end place like this one.
5	They have very good customer service not to mention that ,their view is incredible .. I had an excellent cocktail time with my girls :) this is the perfect place to hang out with your friends. I give them 5 stars bc I really like this place.
4	The Mandarin Bar (or Skybar) has a view worth paying for.  This is a great place to kick-off your night.  Pop in here for a couple of cocktails, drink up the view of the Strip, and move on before your tab becomes a wallet-buster.
5	Always a fantastic experience, beautiful views, world-class service (shout out to Mark),  and sliders delicious enough to turn a vegetarian rouge.   Did I mention I had a Cask 16 Old-Fashioned? wow.
5	Came here on a Monday night around sunset.  Even without a reservation we were able to be seated at a table next to a window.-The view was amazing! -Our server was attentive and friendly.-The drinks were expensive (but totally worth it)!As I come to Vegas every few months, I have found my new favorite bar.  The atmosphere and amazing views are perfect for having a cocktail before heading out for a nice dinner on the Strip!  Well done Mandarin Bar!
3	They gave us a great table right next to the floor to ceiling windows. overlooking the strip. the HUGE Jumbo screen and parking lot that were in view aren't very romantic but the Eiffel tower in the distance was. Drinks - great cocktailsMy only comment is the live music is on the other side of the bar from the windows. so you have to choose -  view or live music.. not both. :P kind of sleepy. everyone here was paired up. good for the "mature" or "date" crowd. I wanted to meet people and laugh so we had one drink and left. still worth checking out.
5	The Best Lounge in LV
5	I haven't been to too many bars in Vegas yet, but this one has amazing views, live music every night, good service, a great scotch and whiskey selection, and mouth watering Mandarin Sliders (burgers)!! The patties are cooked medium rare and the caramelized onions just help bring it all together in every delicious bite.
1	Beautiful view AWFUL cocktails. Came here for after dinner drinks after an amazing dinner at Twist. Ordered a Cosmo. Had to send it back it was SOO bad. Nice waitress quickly offered to get it re-made. Second attempt was only slightly better. Worst drinks I can remember ever having. No excuse for what they charge. We will NOT be back. Come for the view and then RUN!
3	Come for the great drinks and the view, stay for the wonderful small plate presentations.  Some of the food presented better than it actually tasted (lobster rolls were just OK)  but perhaps that's just me.  I wouldn't come if I was starving though as the amounts are small as they are meant to be - just in case you are new to the concept.
3	Decent view of strip, classy vibe. Not a place where you are going to fistpump and hold bottles up to lure in bottle rats. Server was blah, very creepily skinny with long black hair, gangly looking girl asked her to take a picture twice (who doesn't know by now you always take 2 pictures in a row, duh.) and she gave an attitude. Look, you're in customer service, I'm going to tip you based on your service, so if myself and my gf who btw, is 1000x hotter than you asks to take a second picture, put on your happy face and do it. Martinis are expensive but well worth it. Come here to impress you gf with a little bit of class and calm live music prior to getting into the craziness of Vegas for the night...
2	Trying too hard to be upscale, with none of the effort you would expect to accompany such high prices and professional demeanor. I don't mind paying more for quality, but the only thing that was 5 star was the view and the price.
5	Love it! We enjoyed a great band, excellent drinks, incredible view, and a relaxed and friendly atmosphere.
5	Go at night!  Call first!  Request a table by windows!  SICK VIEW!  I don't go on weekends!  Jazz music too loud can't hear your date and friends!   But sick view!
4	Just a little note. They no longer have happy hour or a jazz band on Sundays. Other than that it is a great spot with yummy drinks.
5	Perhaps the best night time view of the strip without a cover.  The delicious cocktails were around $18 each (in line with Vegas prices), and you get the added bonus of an upscale lounge with comfy seating, no crowded chaos, and that gorgeous view!  If you like St. Germain I highly recommend the Elderflower Smash.
3	Some went for a drink here since we were staying in the hotel. We went around 6pm on a Friday and were sat right away. The drink menu is filled with mixology type drinks. The price was kind of high. I know it's vegas but $10 for a drink WITHOUT alcohol is crazy. If this was the only problem it would be ok. The view is amazing but we sat for about 7 minutes before we got greeted and it was not crowded. Then it took forever for our two drinks and the server seemed not at all thrilled to serve. I think the view is amazing but the service and way too high drink price makes this a once ever visit for us.
5	Obsessed with this bar. I love the MO in any location, but I love the vegas location so much because it brings a lot of calm and class to the strip. The bar is absolutely stunning with a gorgeous view. The cocktails are some of the best I've ever had too. Love this place.
5	As good as it gets! Went here on a Sunday night after dinner.  I had an hour to kill before meeting up with friends and I wanted a relaxing bar to chill out in.  This is it!!  I enjoyed an Elder flower Smash and a tradition Negroni (they also have there own version).  There weren't any seats at the bar so the host took me to a table by the window.  Beautiful view, and the cocktail waitress Kristine was great.  I will definitely come back!
5	I came to a wedding reception here and loved every bit of the Mandarin Bar. The views were amazing and  staff was awesome. The bride and groom had their own drink for the night which was a pear martini and it was out of this world. Whether your coming here as a venue or just for some drinks, it's an amazing time.
4	Came again on a Sunday night even though they no longer have the jazz :(.  Our party of 4 was seated by the window without a reservation.  We were on the opposite side this time so we got a different view.  Drinks are still good although I preferred what I got last time better.  Still a place I would come back to to relax with a drink and a view.
1	Been a resident at Veer towers for a year and have heard nothing but good things about Mandarin bar, finally had a chance to check it out and unfortunately I have to say I WILL NOT be returning. We walked in at 10:25pm and were quickly told by 2 women that they were closed. They were clearly not happy to see us walk in. I asked what time they closed and was told 11pm at which time I looked at my watch to see that it was 10:25pm.. I said it's not 11, she said well we have last call at 10:30 so we can only give u beer wine or maybe a jack and coke.. I understand that it may have been close to closing but it was the bad attitude that has really left a sour taste in my mouth! I will not be returning nor will I recommend it to anyone. A high end establishment such as this should really provide better customer service. As a business owner myself I would be appalled if my employees treated their customers this way.
4	Great ambiance, amazing views and friendly staff. My only complaint is that the food is a little pricey and just OK in my opinion. Other than that, I would highly recommend if you want to experience the classier side of Vegas ;)
5	This is a place of greats.Great ViewGreat DrinksGreat and Prompt ServiceNice and quiet if you want to carry a conversationReasonably price drinks (Considering Vegas Tax)No overbearing crowd of drunk and loud idiots, like many other places in Vegas. Zero complaints, you should go here if you want a relaxed drink with human beings, good atmosphere and conversation.
4	pretty nice place to chill and sip on a drinkhad a a couple of martinis drinks were good ordered the sliders, pretty tasty but it took a while to come out so they comp. them without asking which was nice.yea the view is really cool, quite, dim/romantic, calm atmosphere.
