4	You can ask any and they will tell you that I am not a Pizza fan at all. I mean I like a slice from time to time, but not my first choice.I have bought pizza from here and I have bought dough balls to make my own pizza at home and it was also very good. The people working there made sure we knew what we were buying when I asked for a dough ball to make pizza. They're fast and very nice.
1	When we ordered we got two sandwiches, fries, Greek fries, bread sticks, soda and a pizza. The first issue was my girlfriend ordered with an out of state phone number and they almost refused to let us order. Took 20 minutes to place an order. They didn't have any diet soda of any kind. When we got the food the sandwiches were soggy and bland. I asked for no onions but they were still on it anyway. The pizza reminded me if I would have gotten Pizza Hut, kept it on the counter for three days and then microwaved it. It was horrible. The breadsticks were hard and stale tasting and the fries were very limp. It's almost as I'd they just reheated old fries instead of making us new ones. Needless to say I am never getting this pizza again.
4	I don't usually write reviews, But the customer service of this establishment is excellent. They had forgot my soda, not only did they come back right away, but they gave us a 2nd one for free. The Hawaiian pizza and hot wings were really great also.
1	Not nice
5	I've been to both locations and they are both great. I give this store an extra rating cause the service was crazy fast. The New York style and toasted sub is a must
1	I had previously ordered pizza from this establishment and it took them 2 hours for delivery. They did give me a $20 credit, which was nice. The pizza they delivered was warm and very good. However,I am VERY disappointed with the service that I received this evening. We ordered Pizza, bread sticks, wings, pickles with a Diet Coke. We had a coupon to receive the breadsticks and pizza for only $15. They Charged us FULL Price for those items and When I called to ask her if she got the amount correct, She said all she would do is give us a $4 credit for free breadsticks on our next order.  We ended up just cancelling our order.This is very upsetting because I regularly order and I love the pizza, but they can't seem to get it together. They are disorganized and need new management and staff training.
5	I love this place they always deliver on time my driver was  Brian V he's always got a great attitude and great customer service skills :-)
4	So okay...no this isn't my most favorite pizza in the valley.  It isn't gourmet or anything.  But having ordered it for our elementary school's parties and then a random lunch break where we didn't have time to head out and get anything...this seriously hits the spot for the cheap pricetag!The pizza is more of a thinner handtossed type crust and slices are large.  Yummy!I have now tried their classic cheesesteak and no it isn't genuine or anything along those lines...but dang it, it too hit the spot and was tasty.  The only thing I wouldn't recommend is their salads.  They are huge but not very good.  Stick to the pizza and cheesesteaks.  I'd like to try their other things like wings and other apps though.
