5	This is as good as it gets; this is one of my favorite things in Pittsburgh.About five years ago, I was a terrible woodworker, and started to look around for classes.  I found out that the community colleges didn't offer them, and didn't quite know where to look.  I then found GNA (and Dilegno Woodshop Supply), chatted with Dante over the phone, and took the introductory woodworking class.At first, I thought the price was pretty steep; looking around at similar schools in other cities, the price was *very* reasonable, especially given small class sizes, extended hours, and a low-cost way of acquiring some tools.  The class was great, and probably one of the best things I've ever spent money on.Fast forwarding a few years, I'm now a much, much better woodworker, and owe a significant chunk of that to GNA.  (Thank you!)
5	I've taken 7 classes at GNA Woodworks: Woodworking fundamentals, Shaker Table Buld (my favorite), Basic Cabinetmaking, Building a Workbench, Wood Finishing, Machine Maintenance, and Basic Venering. Each one was amazing entirely b/c the instructors are amazing. Dante teaches most of the classes but brings in some outside people on occasion to help out (especially for advanced veneering...which I have yet to take, but can't wait!). The old shop where the classes were taught was amazing and I thought it couldn't get any better. Well, Dante recently purchased a new space which is being built out right now (I got a sneak peak the other day and it is amazing!...can't wait till it's fully set up and ready to go). It's also in McKees Rocks, so if you're a veteran, you won't have to go to far from the old place.I went from never once working with wood to owning my own hobby-basement-wood-shop full of the usual power and hand tools in about 2 years and have been working independently on projects for about 1 year now (with, I like to think, lots of success). After taking the fundamentals class, I fell in love with woodworking and haven't looked back. None of that would have been even remotely possible without Dante and his instruction. There really is nothing I can say that isn't a glowing review. If you're not a novice, there's still plenty to learn at GNA. The more advanced classes challenge every aspect of your woodworking skills from using power tools (e.g. table saw, band saw, jointer, planer, routers, etc...) to hand tools (planes, files, scrapers, etc...). I've been in classes with people who were starting out like me and with people who had been woodworking for a few years and wanted to sharpen their skills. There's really something for everyone.I can't wait to take my next class!!! (probably Radial Match Veneering, but we'll see what other fun classes Dante comes up with).
5	Life changing and probably life saving. I'm on my 4th class with Dante & Co. and I've been blown away by what I've learned. Dante has a way of teaching that no matter where your starting point is, you're going to be off and running in no time.* Especially if you take the second Fundamentals class. I was nervous about taking it after seeing the work that the students in the prior class were doing, but damned if I didn't come out of there feeling like I could do just about anything. (I think he sprinkles some magic dust over his wife's pasta that the class eats over the first weekend to make you magically have woodworking ability, but that's just a theory.) The class project is a Shaker Table, which is nice, but not something I have room for or wanted. But after all the lessons I learned from that stupid little end stand, I take a lot of pride looking at it. It's quite beautiful. So beautiful that I gave it to my mother for Mothers Day.Reading Dean's review, I have to agree: I had the same concern about the cost going in. A quick little back of the napkin math allayed my fears and then I realized what an insane bargain it is. Combine that with the bargains on tools etc., taking a class here is a no brainer. *By "no time", I mean after hour upon hour of hard labor getting your tools in working order. It's the most important thing you'll learn in Fundamentals 1; you'll wonder if it will ever end, and you'll feel it the next day. So, keep your aspirin handy!
5	I just finished my first class, Woodworking Fundamentals - Basics.  It was an intense, three month class.  Get ready to get down to business, because this gets right to it!  Beginning with rough lumber pieces, you begin to square off and get your working pieces cut.  After that, it's straight to measuring, marking and so on...  Oh wait, there is that little bit about sharpening and honing your tools.  Don't worry, you'll make it through.  I had no feeling in my fingertips after a few classes.  It pains me to say it, but it was worth it!  You can't be serious about woodworking if you aren't willing to understand how to begin and maintain these tools.  It gets better and it wasn't anything that a glass of wine after class didn't fix.I can't speak highly enough about Dante and Becky.  Their guidance and hard work really give each beginner the opportunity to do their very best.  They offered some open shop days for those of us that needed it.  Thank you so much!Now, on to Woodworking Fundamentals - The Shaker Table...Can't wait!
