5	We had a great experience with United Mayflower. The price was lower than both PODS and Pack Rat, the containers were solid and everything arrived as scheduled. I would def recommend them for your move.
1	My experience using United Mayflower's container services was a terrible.  I did research before I chose them over PODS, reasoning that United and Mayflower have been in the moving business a long time.  What I found is that this company over promises and under delivers. We were told we would have 6 men, for as long as we needed, who would load our items and secure them with straps and tie downs for transport. It was at a cost of $2,000.  They sent 3 men.  We had 4 containers but only 3 arrived at our destination.  When that last container was delivered, the local rep could not raise the door, which was bowed outward.  The container had to be taken back to the warehouse so the door could be forced open. We were horrified by what we saw.  The Phoenix team who represents United Mayflower did not tie or strap anything down in this container, as they were supposed to.  When the unsecured cargo was tipped in loading and unloading, everything was flung forward.  Boxes of books, fragile items, and furniture flew everywhere. I was very glad I over did it with bubble wrap, as those items, which were upside down and had heavy boxes of books crushing them, survived. Our furniture was another story: two very nice armchairs are ripped. There is a huge gouge in the front of an antique cherry cabinet.  UM paid for being so late with the belongings, but when it came to the claim for damage, they stuck to the contract of insuring our belonging at a rate of .60 a pound. Choosing their insurance was very costly, and our homeowners insurer told us up front that our policy does not cover items in transit. That was a stupid choice by me, but I figured if I packed everything carefully, and paid UM for their Plus Moving service, all would be well. They stick to their contract for insurance, but ignore the fact that I did not get what I paid for manpower for loading and securing our belongings. By the time all is done, I saved NO money by using the container services in lieu of standard moving truck, and now am stuck with damaged good that will be expensive to repair.  When you move don't choose container services, and DON'T GO WITH THIS COMPANY AT ALL!
1	No stars! This company is a joke. Their website says "compare us to PODS" and yet the only thing they have in common is the size of the container. These guys have a weight limit (which they do not tell you about until they have picked up your pod and you have to go unload stuff at the storage yard), and they do NOT use a lift system so all of your stuff gets tipped as it's loaded onto a flatbed like a tow truck (PODS keep your stuff pretty much level the entire time). Oh, and they are not very good about showing up when they say they will (i.e. 10-1 means 4pm). I thought I'd go with these guys to save a few bucks. Guess I got what I paid for... If you're looking for a portable storage unit spend the money and go with the name brand PODS!
