5	Our server Eddie is a Sharks fan so how can this be a bad meal.   We flew in for game and the sharks beat the Coyotes.....The food was great and they open till midnight.  Good times.
5	Having eaten at this restaurant twice this month I can say the food is absolutely delicious.  I had the Jack Daniel's Chicken both times and it contains two succulent boneless chicken breasts lathered in a flavorful Jack Daniel's marinade, with a side of the marinade for dipping, and two side dishes of your choice.  Service was great, keeping my iced tea filled consistently, and the cost for five people was totally reasonable.Great service, affordable prices, and always delicious food, why not choose T.G.I. Friday's?  If you do, you won't regret it!
1	went to this location a few months ago with the hubby and kiddos,when we walked in the hostess snubbed us since we came in an hour before closing Im guessing! But anyways I gave this place 1 star because I couldnt give it 0, My husband ordered a steak and it was so full of gristle, fat and nerves that on his second bite he started to choke,I totally freaked out and he tried to drink some water and it couldnt go down his throat so he threw it up all over his plate and food,now the steak slipped down a bit so he could breath but it was still lodged there so he was in alot of pain and he kept trowing up.anyways the waitresses were just standing around watching the whole time and after the worst was over they came over and were like are you ok? to my husband.....no im not ok and i need to go to the hospital! the waitress was like ok and she actually went and got our CHECK! like are you kidding me? we just got our food and took a few bites and my hubby chokes on the food you served him and now you want us to pay for it before we rush to the hospital? so the hubby and kids went to the car and I was so mad I just paid and ran out...no manager no nothing. got hubbs to the er and they had to give him some shot to let the steak pass through this throat...you could actually see the lump in his throat! needless to say we wrote a letter to the corporate office and what did they do? oh they sent us a letter saying sorry! will never go here again.......EVER!
2	Food is so-so, but service has been "lacking" the last two times we have been in. I will not return as there are many choices in that area with MUCH better food and service!
3	Went here due to the mailer we received for BOGO. We ordered the Jack Daniels ribs, steak and shrimp, and wings to start us off. The food was good and the service was acceptable. Nothing really stood out as excellent, and I don't see us returning anytime soon. I would agree with Scott that the service is at times "lacking", but we didn't choke on any steak so I think somewhere between 2-3 stars is right.
2	After a late flight in, my wife and I wanted to get a quick bite and a drink before going home. We had 3 choices. Chili's was crowded, Applebee's was packed, so we went to Fridays that was not crowded at all. I now know why. Food took over 30 minutes, for 2 appetizers, TV's were playing the local news with no sound or CC (might as well had muted C-SPAN on), and all anyone working there wanted to do was closing clean up, even though they had 2 1/2 more hours to go till closing. Food was ok, service was sub-par. Needless to say we will not be going there again, unless there are no other options. Still would probably just go home hungry.
1	Came here for dinner after not visiting this restaurant for all most over a year and now I know why I haven't . They ran out of ribs so I order the 10oz steak and it taste burnt and it was very tough! I didn't even finish half the steak ! The happy hour specials are great but there dinner entires  are horrible ! Also the men's restroom was a mess trash over flowing with dirty paper towels and the floor was covered in urine ! Probably won't be visiting T.G.I Friday's anytime soon!
2	Took family of four out Friday 6/15/2012.  Dinner, no alcohol and we spent $100.  Not an issue if the food is good.  My steak had the consistency of a hockey puck.  Three of us got under baked potatoes served with a very small amount of toppings.  Two of the 3 potatoes came with bacon which was not ordered.  And just not very tasty.  Fuzzy, our server, asked us to hand him all the dirty plates, etc. with the barn house reach at the end of the meal.  We certainly didn't see him often enough during the meal to be that familiar.  We do eat out frequently and are fairly easy to please.  We all agreed the food just wasn't up to standard.  Certainly wasn't worth the money spent.  This restaurant won't be on a future visit list.
1	The best part of the meal was our server, she was friendly and attentive.  The food was pathetic.  Ordered potato skins and each one had a few crumbs of bacon and a pinch of cheese, about the size of a quarter on each.   My  friend ordered the spinach dip and it was good, but I was still disappointed looking at my potato skins sitting there so lonely and naked...Sat near the window, big mistake, it was so hot!
4	This was the first time I had ever been to a T.G.I Friday's and it was excellent. The queso appetizer left something to be desired and could use a little more seasoning, My Jack Daniels burger was AMAZING it was juicy and fresh and just all around awesome especially with the sweet potato fries. Our server was awesome as well. Will definitely be going back.
1	Passed by and it is CLOSED! Signage is off, fence surrounding it. Done.
2	We loved this place a few years ago, but great food is on the menu but exiting the kitchen. Both of us here and I eat alone.
1	This place is terrible.  Ordered two draft beers.. the sat at the bar for five minutes befor our server ever got around to bringing them to our table.  Ordered queso dip and chips, as well as flat bread.  All cold.  Our first clue this place was crappy was the hugh rip in the booth seat. ( and the huge rip in the booth seat in the next booth as well)This place is bacically a waffle house that serves beer.  Dont waste you time.  Walk across the street to Chili's and you'll feel like you've up graded to a 5 star restaurant compaired to this place.
