3	Cuttea Sark - a play on the tea clipper Cutty Sark - is a specialist tea and coffee shop.Cuttea Sark has a massive range of both teas and coffes in stock which they are constantly updating and renewing based upon customer feed back - which is nice.The staff are very knowledgeable - giving information about tea flavours, or coffee bitterness - but I couldnt help but get the impression that they were doing so under fear of torture. They were so unmotivated by thier work and apparantly bored of talking to me it was slightly off putting.
4	The pretty teapots in the window enticed me into this little shop. Within seconds of entering I was pounced on by a sales assistant who was very happy to tell me all about the different teas and coffees on sale. I don't drink tea or coffee but I was quite amazed by all the different types on offer. Who knew there were so many types? I was a little lost by it all, again because I don't drink tea or coffee so it went straight over my head. But I am sure to any tea/coffee drinker it would be interesting and helpful. I think I will probably return here for gift shopping as I can think of lots of tea crazed people who would love this shop.
3	Cuttea Sark is a wee shop that specialises in tea and coffee. As the sign outside proudly proclaims, they sell tea leaves, tea bags and freshly ground coffee beans alongside espresso machines, coffee perculators and milk jugs. The thing that makes them such a hit with passing tourists however, is the dazzling assortment of different teacups, mugs and tea pots lined up in the window. There's stylish china ones but the majority seem to be chunky ceramic ones with stripes, spots, animals, characters or landscapes. Hell, they even have a few tartan ones with hefty price tags. Whilst I appreciate there's a following for this kind of thing, I prefer to swig my coffee out of a Cath Kidson cowboy mug.
4	We were drawn to the store with its siren's call of coffee, and we were charmed with its history as a family-owned business. The coffee selection is not as vast as its caffeinated leaf counterpart, but our senses were seduced with beans from Java that promise a full-body flavor.The kindly woman behind the counter was delighted to hear that we are travelers from Seattle, and she was thrilled to learn that, yes, Forks is a real city in Washington State for her daughter to someday visit.If the store could be persuaded to provide tastings of the teas and coffees, I'm sure we would have left with more than one bag of coffee.
