3	this is another one of those boba places that keep popping up everywhere across the country.  apparently this place is rumored to have filipino owners, hence the name zeeboo, a variation of the word cebu (a southern area in the philippines)  anyways, it has the basic coffee, tea, and boba selections.  but because of the filipino owners, they also have halo-halo (a HUGE bowl of shaved ice, covered with ube (sweet purple yam), coconut strips, coconut jellies, pineapple jellies, sweet white beans, and sweet red beans, and smothered in evaporated milk).  i love this place b/c i just had the coco-loco---a whole coconut gutted out with the coconut meat sliced into thin strips and put back in the coconut shell with the coconut juice, and then vanilla ice cream, coconut and pineapple jellies, and pineapple chunks are also added.  ho-man...you this is the only dessert that must be ordered from this place.  it really was worth $6..  it was such an awesome finish to the cheese steaks i ordered from pop's
3	Lured here by the promise of this ever so popular and famous Coco Loco...a female customer (not me) almost squealed with delight when she discovered she could take this heavenly dessert to go instead of stuffing herself silly in public with it.  (I mean, it's big enough for two...so imagine what a piggy you look like enjoying this all to yourself)!A small little place to kick back with a couple of friends (not a lot, they don't have enough room if you bring all your friends and cousins with you)!  While waiting for your order, you can examine and sniff the different kinds of teas they have available and play the guessing game of "What kind of tea do you think this is?"  You can also challenge your friend into taking a bite from their enormous cake just to see if they would do it.I'm not a big fan of boba...so you'll never find me drinking those damn tapioca balls that are meant to choke the hell out of your while stuffing yourself with cornstarch balls.  So, I'll go for one of their milkshakes instead.  In this case, I had their Mango Magic milkshake.  It was definitely one creamy of a thing.  Not bad, but I think I overdid it.  After all, I just finished eating (er, sharing) one of those damn Coco Loco things first.The Coco Loco - it's a hollowed out coconut with coconut meat still attached to the head that you can carve out yourself to eat.  And then in the 'bowl', you'll find vanilla ice cream (the advertisement says coconut vanilla ice cream which is a complete lie since I asked the guy who made ours and he said it's just plain vanilla ice cream.  They don't have any coconut ice cream there.), shredded coconut meat, jelly things, pineapple chunks, and some other liquidy concoction that makes you slurping out all the little last bits from this shell.  (And go ahead, don't be shy about lifting that coconut up to your face to drink every last bit from it...look around, you'll probably find my friend doing it too!  Shute, if his tongue was long enough, he would be licking the sides of this thing!)  And yeah, at $6 each...it's a filler...that's why you're supposed to 'share' one of these bad boys!  (Check out my picture of it in the business profile!)Side note: They have a frequent buyer card! Purchase nine things and you get a FREE Speciality Beverage!  You know how I love those frequent eater/buyer cards!  We love places that recognize loyal fans!Updated: 11/28/06 - The last time I went, I crawled out of bed and headed to Zeebo's just for their Coco Loco and imagine my disappointment when they said they were all out!  Lesson of the day - call ahead to make sure they still have some if you're heading out this way just for some sugar!Update: 03/01/07 - I haven't had any Coco Loco since this review.  Why?  Because I called and called, and they were always out!  Last night we called again and they had coconuts in stock!  The BF ordered one for himself and one for me and it was yummy!  Damn, I missed it!  I would give the Coco Loco a 4.5 star all on its own!  It's so good!  (The ice cream - it sure tastes better than any vanilla ice cream I ever had, but then again, it might be all that white liquidly syrupy stuff they have in there that makes it taste all that much better!)Update: 08/06/07 - I finally tried something else here...one of their 'healthy fruit blends'.  I had the strawberry one.  It's sugary sweet and has me wondering exactly how healthy it can really be?  The cool thing is that you can have 'jellies' instead of boba if you're not a big fan of the tapioca ball rage.
3	They have good drinks and their halo-halo is huge and inexpensive.  The only problem I have is that they take FOREVER to make anything--even when there is no one in there!  I think I waited almost 1/2 hour one time for my halo-halo.
