4	No ChumpotleBy The RueClosing time is ten o'clock,I nearly got there on the dot,The employees were closing up,I put in my order and got my cup,Chicken burrito with rice and beans,They're out of gaucamole it seems,I didn't fuss and I didn't bitch,They even threw in a bag of chips,Since it was late I got my food to go,Stopped by here after the movie show,The dinning room was clean,The workers were not mean,If I'm in the area I'll come here again,After I ate I didn't break wind.Thank you Denver, good night!!
4	Been to this location a few times.  Never a long wait, quality ingredients and just like any other location.  Nothing stands out better then any other locations I've visited.
5	My favorite food!  Love the fresh, nutritious options!  Delish!
5	I love this location. As a matter of fact, I love this location so much, I actually drive past another Chipotle just to get here. Gas prices be damned!Being a chain restaurant, each location is going to have commonalities with its sister stores. However, each layout is going to be slightly different. This particular location, in my opinion, has a beautiful layout. As soon as you walk in the door, you're pretty much in line. All of the seating is off to the right. As you're standing in line, there are a few high-top tables with seating enough to accommodate six people immediately to the right. Past these tables, there's the drink machine/condiment station. Past that, there are the standard four-person low-top tables. The entire face of the building is made up of beautiful ceiling-to-floor windows. These windows look out onto Indian School. To many, a view opening up to a main street isn't much...but this is Scottsdale. The Pavillions (the shopping center where this location is located) hosts classic car shows every weekend. So, the beautiful cars that go by make for great dinner conversation.This location also has a great outdoor seating area. Each table has its own umbrella, and the patio has a great mister system for the summer months. For the other two months of the Scottsdale weather, there are propane heaters scattered about the patio. This means you can reasonably sit comfortably outside any day of the year. Fine by me!I don't know where Chipotle finds its management, but other companies should take notice, and start poaching. Every time we've been here, the manager is EVERYWHERE. After they take your payment, they're on the move. If there isn't a line, they're policing the dining area making sure that everything is properly maintained. They also check in with you to ensure that you're having a pleasant dining experience. So, even though it's fast food, you do get little feeling of being at an actual restaurant. Like I said...I love this location. I hope you will, too!
4	Ok, the food is great, BUT, these people are so cheap. They barrely give you ANY chicken I was like wth where's the chicken in this burrito bowl? so I always get the double-chicken.
4	I'm a fan of this spot. Maybe I am bias because it's my neighborhood spot. Aside from running into your occasional ball players and athletes, the energy at this location is a reward in itself after a workout. But it's always immaculate, the staff is always happy and friendly and the service quick. Fast food this way is what I call my idea of a happy meal!
