4	I live in Jersey and my buddies were out in Vegas for a bachelor party that I couldn't attend, but I wanted to send something out to them.  Someone told me about this service and I had to try it because it was a last minute idea.  I dealt with Danny, he was the man!  He kept me up to date on everything until the delivery was complete.  This is a very cool company and very easy to communicate with, tech savvy and they know how to use daily resources such as texting to convey messages.  Very easy to use, I'm very happy with the service.  They really will deliver the simplest of things.  I got a call from my buddy when he received the package, he was surprised and happy with the party starter package I sent him.  I will use their service again, and will recommend it to all of my friends.
5	These folks did a fantastic job with my order!  I submitted it online, and their response was quick and very polite.  My order was even a bit unusual: it needed to be left at the front desk of a hotel for someone else to pick up, so the delivery person called the hotel on my behalf to ask if that would work, and then reported back to me with the details!  It totally made my day to get such great service.  Highly recommended!
5	I found Anyting U Want via Yelp when I was trying to get a bunch of things delivered as a surprise for my fiance and his friends for his bachelor party in Vegas.  First I tried just having some food and a nice bottle of whiskey delivered to them from room service, but the prices were outrageous!  I was so excited when I found Anything U Want and gave them a call.I was able to order a ton of buffalo wings from Buffalo Wild Wings, as well as a bottle of Maker's Mark for far less than I would have from room service, even with a tip and the delivery charge.  While this was still a little expensive, it was worth it for such great service.  Being able to have a fun surprise delivered right to the guys all the way from Denver was remarkable!  Plus, they wrote them the silly note that I asked for, and delivered it right to the room.This is a great service and I highly recommend it.
5	AWESOME!  Thanks for coming through for me in a pinch.  Great service and communication.  I will definitely use again and refer, refer, refer.
5	We use Anything U Want at least twice a week. They do my grocery shopping for me and are dead on with my order. Alice or Danny will call me if they can't find something or if the grocery store is out of something. In addition to grocery shopping, they also pick up food from restaurants that don't deliver. Given that we both work mostly from home, this is a huge benefit when we are tired. They occasionally have a long wait time but as long as you know this going into it, they are well worth the extra time.Pros: Amazing and caring staff, accuracy, priceCons: Sometimes the wait can be excessive so don't order if you're in a rush.
5	So excited I found this service! They delivered food from across town, and got here in 45 mins. They also deliver Alcohol and anything else you can think of including groceries, oh yes!
5	Great service, very friendly and fast!
5	I worked with Danny at Anything you Want to have a birthday surprise delivered to my friend in Vegas, who was celebrating her birthday. I called them the day before my items needed delivered and they delivered beyond my expectations! The price was totally reasonable for Vegas and they really put the extra thought into. Not only did I receive what I asked for but they also gift wrapped it and included a card. I even received a text message when it had been delivered and who they left it with at the front desk of the hotel. I would definitely recommend using this service if you want to make someone's day extra special! 5 stars!
5	This is the coolest service EVER!! I was stuck at home, sick as a dog. All I wanted was some soup, cough medicine and halls. I called this service because a friend of mine uses them when he is in town playing in the poker tournaments. In the time it normally takes to get pizza to my house I had everything I needed and felt soooo much better! I will definitely be using this service again. Great business idea!! Great service!!!
4	Awesome service, XOXO
5	This is a fantastic delivery service!!! The staff is super friendly and accomidating. Love that you can order anything at anytime. I ordered food from my favorite restaurant and it was delivered hot within an hour. I also used them to send a gift to a loved one and they delivered it on time looking beautiful. They even couried business documents across town for me. I just found out that they will grocery shop for me as well. Being that I am a very busy executive with limited time on my hands Anything U Want Delivery is a godsent!This service does everything!!!! I highly recommend and will definetly be using them on a regular basis.
5	I just checked  on my phone to verify I had the correct name and noticed in very small print**except hookers & blow** which made me love this service even MORE-as I laughed hysterically! Can I even begin to express how much gratitude I have for this service?Skip past these two paragraphs if you don't want to know my crazy LV story.I frequent Las Vegas.  Fly on down and I rent a car, book a room-and do what I do.This time was not so smooth.  I found, after checking in at the airport, thatmy ID was expired.  WAIT!  Expired?  How the hell does one do VEGAS without a valid ID?  No car?  I guess this was the moment to stop walking towards the terminal and skip the trip.  But no, I continued on, in my delusional state.  Did I mention I was coming down with something too?  Yup. Flu, cold-some life threating virus-who knows.I felt like crap ran over.  I had a fever and I sweating as if I'd just run a marathon.Knowing that there's no way I'll be able to drive the vehicle that I'd already reserved and paid for-some distorted perception of reality kept me hopeful.I arrive to Vegas and it feels like the busiest month I've EVER witnessed at the airport.  No different at the car rental center.  After waiting in line for 30 minutes,feeling like I may just keel over and die due to the disease I had decided to bringalong with me-I come to find-my overly optimistic nature was useless. The man at the counter confirmed. No car. The guy looked like he might cry, he felt so bad for me. Not bad enough to break the law and let me drive illegally?  Jeez.  C'mon.I'm kidding. Unintelligent risk.  I knew it was not a good idea. Worth a try. Oh well.I get to my gnarly hotel (we'll leave that for another review) via slowest taxi driveralive in Las Vegas and collapse.  What does one do without a car in Sin City?  DIE!  Die is what YOU do!  Okay...it wasn't that bad.  I was sick-I wasn't going to end up doing anything I'd planned on doing-that was apparent after the first night.  I was dreadfully ill.  Who goes to Vegas sick?  Someone not thinking at ALL that's who! Or-someone who's just overly optimistic.  I really never get this sick.  I figuredI'd be better with a few litres of water and a good night's rest.  No go.STUCK in Vegas with car, feeling like crap in a dingy hotel room with no food.GOD! I love life!  So a friend who was visiting rescued me the first day and took me to Whole Foods.  Did I mention that I'm a Vegan food snob?  Yup.  Just to top it all off.Four days of staring at the wall (because I despise television)...Oh, did I mention that the hotel's wifi wasn't working?  Did I mention that I thought it was my lovely brand new Vaio?  Or that I sat on the phone hacking and coughing with Sony tech support for THREE hours trying to fix the problem?  Just wanted to throw that in. Yup. Good times. SOO four days later-I'm running out of produce from the Whole foods trip and down to my last bottle of water.  An hour searching on my little Nexus phone...and I find...anythinguwantdelivery!!!!I call, they answer. They say $20 and 10% gratuity.  Done and done...and done!! YES yes yes!Thank God!  I can't fathom going out and hacking and coughing all over everyone and dealing with the insanity that IS Vegas BUT at this moment in time-STARVATION and dehydration was steadily approaching.  anythinguwantdelivery SAVED my life!  Organic juice and yummy vegan food from my favorite little grocer: Rainbow's End!  When the delivery man arrived, he couldn't find my room as it was super confusing-even for me, this hotel is crap-did I mention that already?  Yes, this hotel is crap.  I'm pretty sure he was ten minutes early!  They said it would take an hour when I placed the order.  He called-and I walked outside-he spotted me and was stuck on the opposite side of the garbage bin area.  He unhinged the doors and walked though to get to me.  It was comical andvery heroic (considering my delusional state of illness and starvation).  He was very very nice, and walked back to my room with me and brought my order inside and asked for the exact amount I  had calculated myself (no weird hidden fees or overcharging) and even tried to give me all of my change back.  I wanted to give him all of my money I was so grateful!! Why I love:-friendly-$20+10% gratuity: totally worth the small fee (if you're in a bind) -arrived early! One tip-if you're ordering food, just call and order it yourself (like I did) and just have them pick it up for you.  Don't depend on them to understand your order-their not waiters-they'rean amazing delivery service!!Thank you so much for saving me anythinguwantdelivery!
5	While housesitting, I found myself craving a burger and some other random stuff.  I googled "stuff delivery service las vegas" and came up with these guys.  After reading their webpage I hit them up.  They said it'd be about an hour.Just about an hour later the doorbell rang.  My only thing was to call or text before showing up so the doorbell wouldn't wake up the kids.  It didn't, thankfully, and that was no big deal as far as I was concerned.  Everything was great and I am 100% sure I will be using this service again.  Sure, it's a little bit pricey unless you need so much stuff it balances out, but I don't care.  I needed a burger and AUW hooked me up.  They were polite, they got everything I wanted, and I'm going to use them again, because HELL YES!
5	4th time I've used them. Using more and more now that I realize how convienent it is at times. First time was watching a movie at home and wanted TCBY ice cream delivered.Needed parts brought somewhere and didn't want to make the trip.Last minute Valentines day chocolates and flowers for the sweetie while at work.Definitely a useful and professional service. They can be counted on and have fair pricing for their service. Will definitely be using them more and more
5	Go to for vegas. Makes everything easy and thats what vacationing is all about! Price is resonable for service. Thank you!
5	Awesome service! My fiance and his friends just got back from Vegas for his bachelor party. I really wanted to send them a bottle of Jameson with a card so that they could have their first round of shots on me. They were going to stay at the MGM grand so I decided to email and ask them how much it would be to do that. They told me they could deliver everything to their room for $130 for a 750mL... RIDICULOUS! Their other option was to go through an outside courier that charged regular price for the bottle plus a $50 delivery charge. I started looking for other delivery services nearby and came across Anything U Want. I communicated with the guy mostly through text. He was very helpful and even wrote everything I wanted in the card for me! I ended up sending a 1.75L bottle, a card, and a case of water bottles for the guys for only $87! Much cheaper than what the hotel wouldve charged and I recieved such amazing service!! The guys loved the gift. Will definitely use their services again in the future and will recommend to friends!
5	I cannot say enough wonderful things about this company!! I found them on Yelp and was immediately drawn to their company name.  My boss was at a trade show in Vegas and called me with a desperate request to find an Xbox 360 guitar and have it delivered to the Las Vegas Convention Center.  Since this video game item is out of date, it can only be found in resale stores and places like Goodwill and Salvation Army.  After calling several Goodwill and Salvation Army locations in the greater Las Vegas area, I finally found a location that had one.  I contacted Anything U Want and they quickly sent a driver to the location.  Right before the driver arrived, Goodwill sold the item to another customer! Anything U Want quickly notified me and I began calling more stores.  I again found a store that said they had several guitars for sale.  Again, I called Anything U Want and they quickly had the driver over to the store.  When the driver arrived however, he noticed that the guitars were not for Xbox but for Playstation! I could not believe my luck!  The owner of Anything U Want contacted me again and HE began to call around for me asking local pawn shops and everyone he knew if they had a guitar for the Xbox.  Finally, after calling more stores, I found another location that swore they had several Xbox guitars.  I again contacted Anything U Want (after business hours) and they texted me back and told me they would send a driver to the store to be there when it opened.  They did and the driver promptly delivered the much needed guitars to the trade show!Anything U Want saved the day and went above and beyond to help us out!  The customer service was phenomenal!  Although, I hope to never be in a bind link this again, I will definitely call Anything U Want next time I am in the Vegas area and need a delivery service!
3	They didn't get the right cigarettes I ordered & for the delivery fee it was quite frustrating but they did get here fast
5	Great idea for a business traveler with lots of work.  They delivered healthy meals to my hotel quickly and on short notice.  Great customer service as well.  There was a minor billing snafu and they quickly and kindly remedied it.  Highly recommend for for food delivery - reasonable prices and no minimum for the items ordered.
5	Great idea!!!Lana B, you need to write a newspaper column, you're cracking me up!!
5	I just found my part time personal assistant. Used them today to make a trip to the bank and deposit a check for me. Service was fast and the job was completed ASAP. Although i had no time requirements for them, the job was completed in about an hr from the time i made the call to Danny. Very impressed. To me, the price was cheap - especially for the inconvenience it would have caused me to leave work and drive across town. 1000% using again.
5	BEST IDEA EVER! especially for moms that have to stay at home and are'nt able to leave the house! I wish I would have discovered this a long time ago!
5	I found this service on Yelp. WOW! what can I say, the greatest service and idea ever. I was hosting a birthday party in May at the Mirage. I had everything going on from food to full bar. Well everyone wanted to drink more than eat food.We had plenty of beer, but never thought that all the people I always invite to my house who drink beer would choose to drink hard liquor. I think it was because of the hot bartender I had hired. I think it was more of an excuse to remain at the bar for everyone.But I ran out of alcohol. So I had this company bookmarked on my yelp profile and sure enough I needed them. I contacted them to get me some more bottles of alcohol before we ran out and perfectly timed, because the picked up my order exactly as requested, called me to come and get it curbside, the driver was very courteous and this saved the party.I would have hated leaving the party, when I am the host, just to pick up a few bottles to keep the party going. I am keeping this company on my speed dial and will most likely use them every  time we go to Vegas. We have an annual trip there and I will never go out and buy those last minute needs on my own. For what they charge and not having to deal with the terrible traffic of Vegas especially at night. Or me already having a few drinks in my system. I will recommend this service to anyone. Don't waste your time trying to find a store. Just call them. Trust me, with the headache of leaving the strip, which will cost you about 1 hour of your time, plus gas and not being able to continue to have fun, $20 is a drop in the bucket.BTW, I wish I would have called them from the beginning. With all the planning going on from Thursday, when we were suppose to buy some cases of beer, we didn't end up buying the beer until Saturday, the day of the party. So much wasted money on paying the bar price. If I had only called them from the beginning to deliver the beer, I would have save myself a good $100 over 2 days. Will never do that again.If you use them, you will never regret it and wish you had this service in your own home town.Until next time, you are on my VIP list.
5	I was really impressed with how quickly they turned my order around. They went above and beyond. Highly recommend!
5	this service was terrific and very reliable!!!
5	I thought I would try their service.  I little skeptical about it.  But it was pulled off so professionally and nothing but good things to say.   Great company, great communication and will use them again and again........
5	I'm obsessed.... That is. Like having my own personal assistant to run errands for me when I just can't find the time.... Or to do a beer run when no one wants to miss the game.... Or to bring me In n Out when I'm too hungover to put pants on ;) Amazing service!
5	Wow, what a help on short notice. I called Danny at 12pm to schedule a pickup for 2pm and drop off before 5pm and they did it all within an hour and half! It was a big delivery and were very timely and took care of everything. I would very much recommend them again!
5	Fast, accurate and super friendly. The delivery guy even knocked lightly instead of hitting the door bell because he wanted to be polite. I can't drive due to a medical issue and these guys are amazing. Will use again!
5	I love this service, it's an awesome idea. It was 1am and I was craving Mcdonalds, no cabs would pick me up from the hotel I was staying at near the airport so I called the number and placed my order. 20 minutes later I had my food, it was still hot. The total came out to be about $25 for a bunch of food, the delivery service was $10 which I feel is reasonable. I was extremely satisfied and would recommend this service to anyone.
5	I LOVE these guys so much. Have been using them for about 2 years now and they are well worth the money. There are several times when my wife and I are just too lazy to go out to get dinner, so we just call them up and we have dinner delivered to us in about an hour. They go anywhere we want them to and the service is always fast.Some may say its a little pricey but for us its perfect because it saves us the headache of getting dressed up to go out and etc. Danny is always super nice and always makes sure to let us know our food order is on the way and etc and gives up updates if anything is going wrong or if the delivery is going to be longer than expected. Between my wife and I, we have used these guys probably in excess of 100 times, so you can trust me that these guys are the best. Sure their are other delivery services out there, but by far they are the best and the only one worth using.
