5	When our daughter was 2 years old, she had a mass develop in her neck. We took her to 5 doctors who could not diagnose it before finding the surgeons of Banner Pediatric Specialists, who operate at Cardon Children's Medical Center. Dr. Pham  took one look at her neck and at the ultrasound and said, "I know what this is. It's a branchial fistula." Then when it turned out to be the rarest form of the problem (1st branchial), he brought in other specialists to assist him. (It was a 3-surgeon surgery that took 4 hours). I later read an article in a medical journal that said  it usually takes parents more than 3 years to get the proper diagnosis for a branchial fistula. So we were grateful to find Dr. Pham rather early on.He's a smart man, yet humble. He's very easy to talk to and is so kind and gentle with children. He even makes animal balloons for the kids! He really cares about his patients and their families. I thought it was comforting and reassuring that he called me at home twice to check on us. I have great admiration for Dr. Pham and recommend him to any parent whose child needs surgery.
4	Staff is nice, doctors seem competent.
3	I came here bc my baby was dehydrated from diarrhea.  I waited for over THREE hours in the waiting room to get in.  It was so frustrating.  It seems it's not unusual either.  Other than that I have no complaints.  The staff and Dr's and nurses were nice and took care of us, they even brought me a sandwich and drink bc I was starving.  There was lots of room switching and waiting between rooms but that seemed fine.  My only other issue was that they pretty much hydrated her and balanced out her blood sugar and then sent us home with instructions to do the BRAT diet.  This took 5 additional hours.  I just felt like they should have taken tests or something and given me more info bc it was the worst diarrhea I have ever seen and this is not my first child so it's not like I haven't delt with it before.  I ended up sending my husband to the pharmacy to get non dairy probiotic that I mixed in my baby's food.  It took another week to balance her out, but if I hadn't known to do that I would have had to go back for sure.  They should have recommended it.  I wanted to talk to the Dr more about my concerns but didn't see him more than the first initial time.  One more plus, they have a "distraction" nurse that walks around with an ipad and toys and games to distract kids that are getting shots etc.  I really liked that a lot, it really helped my baby.  They also gave her a "prize" a princess book that she got to keep and take home.  That was REALLY great it went a long way to making her feel happier.   So, maybe just try calling in first to see about the wait before going in.
4	I have returned once to this hospital when my other daughter fell and needed a staple put in her head.  We were rushed in quickly and promptly taken care of.  They were really great with her and gave her a popsicle for being so tough.
1	I can only speak on behalf of Dr. Barry Chang, Pediatric Urology.I understand there are many doctors at this facility so the reviews may be all over the place.It all started once we got there, we waited over an hour to be seen past our "appointment time".  When we finally got to see the doctor, he was very short, in a hurry and didn't really help us understand the process, risks involved, etc.   Regardless, we decided to have them check our insurance to verify everything would be covered and the out of pocket expense prior to scheduling the surgery. It took several months for them to get back to us, despite multiple phone calls.
2	It is far and few between when doctors are on time for their appts.  Waited over an hour before doc walked in to see us.  This is not the type of visit I was expecting from Banner Ortho pediatric group.  Nurse Toni and P.A. were fantastic but other than that, it felt like facility was over booked and not ready to accommodate scheduled patients.
