4	First, I have to say that this is apparently a very busy Subway. I was trying to call in an order and it took several times to get through to a person. The bank for which I work is a cosponsor of Habitat for Humanity and we needed some place close to the site for lunch over the past weekend. We were very pleased with the results. We ordered four party trays, three with assorted meats and wheat and white breads, and one veggie tray. I only had the meat but it was filling and tasted good. The other volunteers in our party appreciated the meatless option. This location actually gave us squeeze bottles with the mayo and mustard in them, which made me feel like a sandwich artist. I appreciated the honestly of the employees here. I was told a more cost-effective option than getting the assorted bags of chips through the store was to pick them up at Costco. They easily could have just taken that portion of the order without providing an alternative. Thumbs way up! We have another Habitat event in April and this will be my first choice for our lunch.
4	Anytime I locate a Subway with BOOTHS, I put it on my list to go!  Yeah booths!  Ok, so today after my haircut at (4 Star) Great Clips here in the center, I hopped on in here.  The "SUButopian":*  Staff a little drifty.  There was no soup on the menu sign, so I asked Mr. Drifty I, the cashier, what kinds they had today, & the price.  He said, "We don't have soup here".  Ok, so I asked him what was in the two kettles three feet behind him.  "Oh.  I guess we DO have soup, but I don't know what it is, or how much."Miss Nondrifty appears out of nowhere, & I ask her about it.  She agrees with me that it's not on the menu, & says they have Vegetable Soup & Broccoli Cheese Soup.  Fine, but I'm a meatie!  (Ok, the Broccoli Cheese is good, but I at least wanted Chicken Noodle which almost all Subways have every day.)After receiving my sandwich (& skipping the soup), I put my cup under the ice dispenser & it was empty!  I gripe & in a few minutes Mr. Drifty III appears & pours a bag of ice into the soda dispenser.  We're at 2 Stars right now, including a boost for the clean, comfortable cafe atmosphere & nice booth to sit in.Ok, the good:Backtracking to just after the no soup/soup/no soup minute, & placing my order...   The place is a little busy, but it's not too long a wait for Mr. Drifty II to go to work on my sandwich.  I order a "Subway Melt" which comes with ham, turkey, bacon, your choice of cheese, & whatever veggies you want on it.  I get it on their Honey Oat bread, & have him not toast it, but just nuke the four long slices of raw bacon.  The bread gets a thin coating of mustard on one side & mayonnaise on the other.  For cheese, it gets Pepper Jack (of several good choices), then a little lettuce, lots of tomato, some onion, Greek Pepper slices, & a squirt of Ranch Dressing.OMG, it was terrific!!  ...and the October Special is ANY foot long sub  (except 2) for only $5!SO, while this Subway doesn't come up to the 5 Star one down the street at 5130 W. Baseline, the great sandwich & value propelled this one up to 4 Stars (& I didn't need the soup anyway)!     :-))
4	Good food at good prices. Great staff at this location at my time of visit.
