4	Yet another SF snob, frequently disappointed by food on the road. The restaurant was recommended by the hotel which made me skeptical. All in all good service and food, a solid 4 star. I was intrigued by the large metal fish when I walked into the restaurant. I like a place with expression. My co-worker thought it looked junky. The blackened ahi tuna special was nicely presented and good complement of flavours with the lobster mashed potatoes. My critical co-worker had the crabs cakes and thought they should have chunks of crab in them. I tasted them and tended to agree that they needed a little more. The wine list was good with a Chalk Hill cab. After dinner Jim, the owner, came over and started talking with us about wine. He was quite knowledgeable with an extensive wine list.
2	I am not an "SF snob", but I have to agree with the previous two reviews by San Franciscans.  I travel often and am not native here, so I also have to say Charlotte doesn't understand good service at all.  Either I am left with an empty glass for way too long or I'm being badgered and made to feel rushed.  At Lavecchia's I've had both experiences.  Both times too, I was underwhelmed by the decor and seafood's taste and presentation.  I will not be going back again.  Oh, how I wish there was a good seafood restaurant here!
2	This seems to be one of the many places in Charlotte where it comes highly recommended, impresses you on first entry into the restaurant with the decor, waters your palette at first sight of the menu, and then leaves you feeling very unsatisfied when the actual meal comes.  A beautifully presented restaurant, menu, and plate of food....but they seemingly forget that what brings people back is the actual preparation of the food and the ingredients used.  I had the calamari and tuna and both were poorly cooked, underseasoned, and the ingredients did not taste fresh or well selected.  Will not go back.  In Charlotte, you have a lot of bad imitations of fine restaurants.  This is another one.  For fine dining in Charlotte, I would stick with The Palm, Capital Grille, Ruth Chris, Morton's, etc....  If you are really craving seafood, I would go with Upstream instead.
4	I am not sure why SF folks have a problem with Charlotte restaurants but maybe they should give Zebra's, Barrington's, Bonterro or Nobles a try prior to giving up on Charlotte.Lavecchia's is a bit noisy once it gets crowded but the seafood is pretty good (yes Upstream is better, but a bit new something for my taste). Try the their version of  Oysters Rockefeller  (not authentic but very tasty). Plus they have free parking in the building.
5	Just joined Yelp so even though I have eaten here several times, I have not actually been  since December but wanted to supply a review.  This is one of the best restaurants in Charlotte and a great location to go to before or after an event at Bobcat's Arena (or whatever they want to call it these days).  It is also right off the Lynx train if one just wants to pop-in from south Charlotte. I really like the layout and look of the restaurant with its open feel and metallic aquatic artwork.  On my previous visits there I have had King Crab and Lobster Mac 'N' Cheese (I believe these were both specials on my last 2 visits), both of which were excellent.  I have had several different deserts there such as chocolate cake and creme brulee, all of which delicious, and while they were not very large, that is actually perfect considering the portions that you receive for your entree.  The wait-staff is very friendly and one waiter in particular remembered us even though it was several months since our previous visit.  Really a great place to go if you are Uptown.
4	Very swanky place, kind of reminds me of Blue Fin in Atlanta.  It has a very modern design to it with nice wood floors and metal sculptures of fish hanging from the ceiling.  It's all very impressive.The food is to die for as well.  A great wine selection and food cooked to perfection.  The signature dish is the lobster, but I've always liked shrimp better.  It's a very nice experience to try.
3	Went here as the "fancy installment" during a recent trip to Charlotte.  We went based on local word of mouth, and armed with the knowledge that the Yelp reviews were mixed.Turned out that Lavecchia's is okay.  It's . . . okay.  The decor seemed like it was aimed toward the tastes of early 90s Miami drug dealers.  I would not have been surprised if Crockett and Tubbs had come in and raided the place.Got the house-style lobster, which is prepared well, and it's interesting how they remove it from the shell. It was lobster, so it was pretty good, but it did not stand out.  I got mussels, which were presented well, but unfortunately, it was one of those batches of mussels with the faint gamey/fishy taste.  Maybe the chefs should taste a couple when they make a batch.Two things did stand out:1. The Lavecchia salad.  Pretty cheap on the menu, but the salad was delicious.  The candied walnuts were a nice touch.2. Oysters with tuna.  This was a really interesting dish.  Six blue point oysters on the half-shell, each with a slice of tuna sashimi draped over the top, then topped with this honey/rice wine/wasabl mixture.  Popped in your mouth all at once, it creates a flavor that was unlike anything I've ever had.  Refreshing but also complex.
5	I've enjoyed dinners/drinks here several times in the 60 days.I started going before the Bobcats games, but I've also had a couple nights out there with friends/family.The food has been absolutely tremendous at this place every time!The last time I had Heather for a waitress and she rocked; some of the best service I have had in a long time.Its not the most expensive place and not the least expensive place, but be prepared to pay a bit.  Unless its before a Bobcats game they have $1.95 appetizers!
4	Went here on a Friday night for dinner recently.Atmosphere: Loved it. My date and I thought the decor was interesting and a change from the typical. LaVecchia's is the kind of place that's relaxed enough to where you feel comfortable and not like you're being talked down to, but upscale enough that you won't confuse it with Red Lobster. Leave the jeans at home.Service: Left much to be desired. The hostess took us right to our table that I had reserved, and our waitress immediately brought us water, but it was a solid 15-20 minutes before we could flag her down to actually order any food or wine. Now, I'm no fan of the hyperactive waitresses that bother you every 5 minutes to see how you're doing, but I think we ate the entire dinner without her so much as coming by our table to see if we needed anything. I've had much better service in Charlotte on Friday nights.Food: I had the jumbo stuffed shrimp with buttermilk whipped potatoes and vegetables. Great presentation. The shrimp were stuffed with lump crab and lightly breaded-- and by lightly breaded, I mean just enough to hold the concoction together. You taste the seafood, not the breading. My date had the salmon with penne and cream sauce. The sauce was too thin for my liking, but the salmon was juicy, thick, and not overcooked/over-seasoned.Would I go back: Absolutely. It's hard for any seafood restaurant in Charlotte to beat Upstream solely in terms of food, but LaVecchia's comes close, the atmosphere is more relaxed, and you can't beat the uptown location. I'm just hoping the waitress we had was the exception and not the rule.
2	Not a bad place but there are many others in Charlotte that are better. We where seated at a table so close to another couple that we might as well have eaten dinner with them. So if you are looking for atmosphere, not your place.  Don't get me wrong Lavecchia's isn't bad it just isn't up to par with some of the other nice spots in CLT.
2	I sat at the bar to try out Lavecchia's during Queen's Feast, Charlotte's Restaurant Week, fixed price 3-course menu. The atmosphere was nice & attentive. I didn't see the hostesses smiled once during the meal. Not sure what's up with that. I ordered the loster bisque, grilled Atlantic salmon & chocolate layer cake. The bisque was lukewarm at best. The salmon was tasty & the only redeeming part of the meal. The chocolate cake was cold & hard. If this place is deciding to dog it for what is supposed to be a showcase week for restaurants that's pathetic. If that's just how it is here then that's bad given their price points. Either way, I won't be coming back.
4	Enjoyable dinner place. I found some surprising entries on the wine list, including one of my favorite Regusci Cabernet Sauvignon 2006, The food was pretty good, very tasty filet mignon and cooked well.
2	I should know better than to eat seafood in a restaurant that is land locked. My friend and I decided to take advantage of a Groupon that i had purchased and roll it into a "date night". He had never been and what better way to try out a new restaurant. Our server was really nice and touted that they're known for their seafood, so of course I think, okay, let's order seafood. Started off with raw oysters, not bad, I'm learning to like them and they had all the right sauces, no rogue shell pieces. Tasty. I had the stuffed shrimp, he had the almond crusted tilapia. The stuffed shrimp was way too salty and a little fishy. i think the shrimp was old or wasn't cleaned well. My mashed potatoes would have been great if they weren't so salty and the bacon that was supposedly there i could find. The tilapia was a complete opposite! no salt at all!. It was cooked fine, but needed some seasoning. Definitely their dishes were inconsistent. I have another groupon so i will try again, but i think the decision was to just order the steak and pasta instead. Being a San Francisco resident i know i can't expect the seafood to compare, but i would have hoped that being in downtown Charlotte they would step it up a bit.....and almost forgot because they did, i had an open table reservation for points that they cancelled.  Now i'm unable to get the points on my reservation.  so unfortunate.
3	In a sea of pretty great restaurants, LaVecchias defines three stars for me. It's not a bad restaurant by any means, but it can sometimes pale in comparison to others in the area. If half stars were possible, I'd probably award LaVecchia's with 3.5/5.0. I've come here with a few different coupons, buy one get one (entree), free appetizer, special three course price, etc. Every time I show up with a coupon, the staff is more than accommodating - which is really refreshing. Hey, I appreciate that others understand I like to eat on the cheap-ish. Onto to the experience, while the staff has always been friendly and knowledgeable I abhor the setup and decorating. Sorry, but I do. The tables are really close together (especially the two-tops) and I can't stand the myriad of sea creatures floating on the walls. I know, I know, it has nothing to do with the food, but I think it looks chintzy. As for the food, one particular meal I recall a very tasty and fresh salmon with a great glaze and delicious potatoes. An other time, however, I dove into a really salty shrimp dish that I could barely finish. So, we'll call it a net three. Will I come back? Sure, with a coupon in hand!
4	The sea bass dish was amazing.  That potato pancake with the gorgonzola was delicious!  The metal decor was amazing and whimsical.
5	I had what was probably the best tuna ever at LaVecchia's.  I ordered it medium rare and it came out perfect.  I couldn't get enough of the wasabi, and the rice complimented the tuna perfectly.  The atmosphere was nice and lively.  We also had wonderful service.  I'll be back!
3	Celebrated my birthday here with my girls last Friday.  It was my third visit, and I was just a tad bit disappointed.  I've previously enjoyed their shrimp & grits as a hands-down fav, but this night it wasn't as delish as in times past!  Nevertheless, the spinach artichoke dip was fresh and tastey, as was my BFF's filet & stuffed shimp.  My other friend-girl was served some of the most ginormous king crab legs I had ever seen.  And, she was kind enough to share a few butter-dipped morsels... uum uum good!  The complimentary espresso tart was just the right indulgence to share with friends.  So, all was well that ended well... especially with a 1/2 off entree for my b'day!  yeah!
4	I really enjoyed the food at this place however the service could use a little work. The oysters and mussels were excellent and the filet melts in your mouth. Having to wait a really long time for our server to bring a bottle of wine and take our order knocked this place down to 4 out of 5 stars.
3	**The address is 214 N Tryon, not 14 N Tryon**One thing to know about me: I LOVE SEAFOOD!! I always say that, if I were forced to be a vegetarian, I would be okay with that as long as I could have seafood. Deny me and all hell will open up.With that said, I was invited to LeVecchia' s for my co-worker's going away party.  I am not from Charlotte, so I popped the address in my GPS and up I-77 South I went.  I drove past this place 3 times, because you cannot see if from the street. It is inside the Hearst building (which I did not know), which you have to walk up to and there are no signs on the street, that I saw, that tell you that the restaurant is there.  Finally, I get there and immediately ask about the WhiteWater Mussels.  YES! They are Prince Edward Island! Bingo! One order please. Fifteen minutes later, our server brings out this beautiful plate of mussels. They ahd the most delicious sauce and tomato concoction ever. Yes, I shared about 5 out of the 20 I was given, but I am stingy, so the rest were mine. They were so good and meaty. They were fresh and not gritty. If only they had been a little bigger, they would have been perfect.  I love mussels.  Beware of the price through- $11.95. Not bad, but it can cut you deeply when you read the rest of the menu.The menu selection is not that great. It's only 2 pages and it's categories are Greens (Salads), Steak and Seafood. That's it. Why isn't the selection larger? Why are the prices so high? Why does a 6 oz Filet Mignon cost $26.95?  What's going on? I know inflation is bad, but give me a break somewhere please!Since the selection was slim, I ordered the 6 oz Filet, Medium with asparagus and red wine reduction.  It was very delicious, smooth and buttery, but I am still on the fence as to if it was $26.95 delicious.  I would have loved it I could have gotten 2 more oz, but that was not an option.  I don't know yet.All in all, our service was good for serving 15 people and the food came out in a timely manner for a party that large.  The menu selection, location and the prices are what bring it down. I have no issue paying high prices in a restaurant. Believe me, I have done it before, but I would like it to be more justified in this restaurant.  It is a good seafood option, but I have been to better as well.
3	(Note: LaVecchia's has moved to Hearst Tower, taking over what used to be City Tavern's spot)Honestly, this is more a 2.5 than a 3 star review.Let's start with service.  First time I've ever seen a hostess at any decent restaurant sitting down smack at the entrance... something sloppy about that.  Our party of 4 decided to sit out on the patio.  We had to wait a good while before our waitress appeared (frankly we had to ask if she's our waitress as she walked right by us without acknowledging anyone), who wasn't at all enthusiastic or apologetic. She asked us for our drink order, yet we had no wine list.  She didn't even bother to light the candle that's sitting on the table.  We ended up getting the one from next table on our own.  The delivery of food was chaotic, 3 people for 4 patrons and it was all over the place.  I waited table before, 4 tops aren't difficult to manage.  Needless to say, verdict on service is: NOT GOOD, plenty of room for improvement.Now, food...  I ordered the crab cake appetizer and the crab & corn chowder.  Other items ordered were crusted halibut, stuffed shrimp and seared tuna.  I can't speak for others, but my crabcake was awful.  The crab meat was more shred-y than lumpy (to me an indication of lesser quality crab meat).  It was overly seasoned with some kind of vinaigrette based product that I barely could taste the crab.  It was simply overpowering and it was not complementary to the dish.  I never not finish my food, let alone crab cake, and I couldn't finish it.  The soup was good.  Creamy and a good balance between sweet & salty with the corn, and the crab meat was lumpier.  I tasted a bite of the halibut, it was good, but not sure if mashed potato is the best side option.  The stuffed shrimp was ok... at least the crab meat they used with the shrimp doesn't have that awful seasoning.  Verdict on food: HAD BETTER, for a restaurant that specializes in seafood, that was one disappointing crab cake.Lastly, the surrounding.  We were very impressed with the patio.  For a space that overlooks the back of Connelly's... I was skeptical of sitting out there.  But it's well put together.  The big pillar actually blocks the non-scenic view.  With the nice early summer/late spring breeze, I think this was the most enjoyable part of the dinner.... that and the bread & herb garlic butter.
3	Service, service, service.  You can have mundane dishes but when your service is lack luster....you'll lose me as a fan.  I've felt better served at Chic-fil-A than this place.  Sad.  We walk in, decide on the patio to eat.  Now, as most will agree when you chose to sit in a outdoor patio area, you always gamble on service.  Easy to be forgotten outside!  We were seated right away and I will interject at this point that the patio was actually impressive given the fact there is absolutely no city view, it's was still nice and probably a good spot to have a glass of wine and lounge.  There is a fairly large sofa on the patio that appeared comfy (although untested!)  Ok, back to the service issues, we sit down and that's where the service basically ended.  Hahaha...I mean it was a solid 10-15 minutes before we were even approached by our waitress.  And her first order of business was to ask if we wanted water? Why not just bring the water out, I mean my guess is 80% of people are going to want to have a glass regardless.  After our water order she said, "What else would you like to drink".  I promptly responded with "I'm really unsure considering I have no wine/specialty drink menu to look at".  Maybe a little forward but I have no patience for untimely service, especially if it's a place that's in a niche of restaurants that's striving to be in the upper echelon.  After drinks are delivered, we ordered our food.  During the wait for the food, the couple we were dining with noted that we had a candle on the table all be it, unlit.  ??? So my friend took care of that situation by taking a nearby table's candle in exchange for ours...hahaha....love it!  So finally our food arrives, and it's like a shuffle game, three servers, four dishes all criss crossing each of us trying to figure out who ordered what.  I think I actually laughed out loud at this moment.  In terms of the food, personally I had the grilled yellow fin tun (medium rare) served with baby spinach and jasmine rice.  No here, I can't complain, the tuna was fantastic, the rice was very light and the spinach was cooked to perfection.  I received another CPA (clean plate award) yay me!  So in breaking it down:Atmosphere - 3 starsService - 1 starFood - 4 star That's a 2.6 star average so bump it on up to 3 stars I suppose.  Note:  Right now you can get a $25 off certificate for 2 entree's for this location on Restaurant.com.  Does that make it worth it? Meh.....not IMO.
2	The service was good but that's about it.  My tuna was cold and was not cooked well. The rice was the best part of the meal. Definitely not worth the prices. Steak was over cooked. Croutons were rock hard. Deserts tasted store bought. Atmosphere was casual but prices were upscale.
3	Pecan-crusted mahi-mahi I love you but DANG you are expensive!!!  Having been at the new location twice now, I do have to say I approve of the decor and beauty of the new place.  White leather booths and soft lighting, who doesnt feel chic here?  The service is a little spotty and whose fault is it if we are sat at the worst table in the joint when the place is half empty at 9pm on a Saturday night?  If I was first to arrive of my party I would not have approved but I wasn't the first to arrive so I had the pleasure of watching the scantilly clad escorts stumble to the restrooms all night.The first time my friends and I were here the service was exceptionally bad and the food quality was spotty.  This time, things seemed a step up, dishes like the crab cakes that were barely edible before were now perfected (but too much breadcrumbs?) into crabby patties.  The mahi-mahi was light and hot in the center, perfection.  It came with fig risotto - (I could have made a meal just of this!!!)  Two glasses of mediocre Chard and my entree only and my tab was over 50 bucks.  So I do love your new location and decor and food LaVecchia, just cant afford you as much as I would like!  Per the 'patio' :  yall better hope you are with pretty people because that will be your only 'view'!  Lol!
5	Best seafood in Charlotte. Need I say more?
4	I accidentally scheduled a reservation at LaVecchia during restaurant week, which frankly could have been a recipe for disaster.  As I'm new to town, I wound up looking for it at the old location.  The hostess, sweetheart that she was, told me she'd meet me in the lobby of the new building to make sure we found it.I'm sure the comments previous to mine related to service are valid.   However, that was not the case for me.  We got two differing copies of the restaurant week menus, and our server merely looked at them briefly before telling us to order whatever we'd like off of either and she'd handle it.  They were also out of the wine we ordered, and she brought us a better bottle and charged us the less expensive price.  She was attentive but not intrusive throughout and more or less fell all over herself to make sure we knew how much she appreciated we were understanding of the "mistakes".  It's rare for a waiter to go so above and beyond to make sure I'm happy.The food- decent for upscale.  I had calamari (average) and a ribeye that was cooked exactly like a medium-rare steak should be.  My dining partner had tilapia, and I will not judge a restaurant based on the presentation of that boring ass fish.  It tasted like almond crust and an appealing chili relish.The service along merited a return trip.  I'm looking forward to seeing if the seafood merits the rating.
4	The calamari was good but on the salty side. The wifey ordered the filet and I the tuna seared rare. A little overpriced. The service was meh. Our server said they had changed the wine list 4 times over the past week and hadn't had a server tasting, so they basically recommended us a $50 bottle of vino blind! :-/ The asparagus, jasmine rice and whipped potatoes are all very good, as is the bread. Her filet was cooked well but a little burnt on top. Expect to spend a pretty penny but the food is good
4	We were headed to Ri Ra's for Corned beef and happened to spot LaVecchias - hadn't been to the new location, and never got a chance to eat at the old one. We were early, so we walked in. Decor is Cat In The Hat meets Mondrian and Captain Nemo, but in an oddly good way. I don't usually care about decor anyway. She got a terrible martini of some fruity kind, and I got Woodford Reserve. Ten bucks each, no surprises. She ordered the Watermelon Salad. She liked it a lot, I found it a little plain for delicious nonetheless - I might have simply salted it if it was mine. She ordered the Pecan Crusted Golden Snapper, and I ordered the Lump Crab Stuffed Shrimp. They gave her the Almond Crusted Tilapia (boo boo), and she started eating, completely forgetting she ordered something else. She was a quarter of the way done when they came to give her the correct dish, and apologized profusely. Both were fantastic in her view but the tilapia was better, and I agreed, tasting them both. The tilapia is a better crafted dish, for me. My shrimp were perfectly cooked, I enjoyed the ride and pineapple, and I was surprised how much I liked the striped of berry compote painted onto the plate - a little swipe with the occasional bite, and it totally changed the taste for a great difference. $120 for both, 2 drinks for her, 1 for me and coffee to finish. 4 stars for the quality - the food really was quite superb, but I left hungry. Should have gotten an appetizer, then we'd be at $135+ and perhaps still in 4 star territory. I recommend - best seafood i have had in Charlotte.
3	Not great but just ok.  Backed oysters were above average but the yellowfin tuna was unremarkable.  New York steak was not as tender as it should have been.  I think they did not serve Choice cuts.
5	Was in Charlotte for a couple days and heard this place was a must try. My boyfriend and I went and had an amazing time! I started off with the calamari and it was absolutely perfect - best I've had! My boyfriend had the Cajun crab and shrimp dip and fell in love - the portion was quite hearty. For dinner I had the almond crusted tilapia and he had the special pepper crusted ahi tuna. His tuna was perfectly cooked and the sticky rice was perfection. My tilapia was good but the mash potatoes, corn and asparagus definitely made up for it. Expect to pay a good amount of money - I had 2 mixed drinks and he had 3 for a total of $124. Next time I'm in Charlotte I'll definitely go back.
4	LaVecchia's came recommended by a business associate as a nice place with great food in convenient location.  All true!Tucked into the Hearst building, the restaurant can be a bit hard to find - its entrance is sublte, as is its patios area. The latter is under cover and looks like it would be cool and comfortable on a nice warm day.Our server was knowledgeable even if he looked like he just rolled off the futon.  We enjoyed the hot and cold appetizer towers at his recommendation for the table.  The oysters Rockefeller were the best!  Close seconds were the ceviche, raw oysters, calamari, and tuna sashimi.Two in our party ordered steaks (what??), but fish was the main reason to be there.  My Thai yellow tail was really flavorful, the pineapple infused sticky rice was really lame.The decor was a little cold where I think the decorator was going for casual chic.  It was fine for a group of six for a business dinner, but I'd think for a date it might not strike the right note.I'd go back and try more of their menu and definitely get the oysters Rockefeller!  Remember that they validate parking tickets too!
2	Located in Uptown and easy to access, this place should have had no problem earning 5 stars from me.  I'm usually pretty generous when it comes to review because I know how hard the service industry is.  However, LaVecchia's needs to take notes, because they have a lot lacking.We arrived at 7:25 for our 7:30 reservation.  Not all of our party was there so we were told we could wait in the building lobby and they would get our table ready soon.  At 7:45 we were still waiting, everyone was there and I had watched them seat several other tables who said they had no reservations.  So, I asked about our table and the hostess rolled her eyes and sighed and said they were still working on it.  When I mentioned that our reservation had been for earlier, she said "well, everyone else had reservations, too, Ma'am!" and just walked off.  I promptly labeled her the anit-hostess and another member of our party (of 5) went to find the front house manager.The manager seated us but acted like he did us this huge favor.  We were seated in the bar, next to the patio door, so we had the bracing blasts of cold air throughout our meal as staff went in and out this door all night long.Our waiter was in no hurry to take care of us.  Once we ordered our drinks, he never came back with any more water, and one member of our party had to flag him down each time he wanted another beer.  Our food finally came and at last, redemption!!  Every single bite was perfection!  I had the filet, my husband had lobster and two others had the snapper.  Everyone oohed and ahhed over our meals.  Price point wise I feel we got what we paid for strictly in terms of food and food quality.  The presentation was lovely, temp was good... I really could not find anything to negate the food.Service is a different story.  It was painfully obvious that the wait-staff was stressed by the front manager.  He really seemed to have an attitude about even being there.  The hostess was rude and off-putting from the moment we arrived and when we were seated commented that they "worked it out" for us, like she had to prove something. I still don't know exactly what her deal was.Bottom line:  If you want me to pay $200 for a meal, you need to act like you're glad I showed up.  Drop the bad attitude and step it up.  There are load of other upscale establishments in Charlotte that get it done.  We'll be going to a different one next time.
2	The food was pretty good, but the service was the worst I have experienced in a long time! Went here with a client for dinner on a week-night and had the most surly and unhelpful server ever.  We had a reservation, but were mostly ignored and both the hostess and server acted as if we were unwanted vagrants walking in off the streets. We wanted to order a bottle of wine and asked for some suggestions... this was a waste of time because the server either knew nothing about wine or just didn't feel like being bothered.  Fortunately, we were able to find a decent wine on the menu without any help from the server. It's truly a shame that I cannot support a local entrepreneur over a corporate chain, but honestly, I get much better service down at places like Capital Grill and McCormick & Schmicks... next time I have a client to impress, that's where I'll head instead of LaVecchias. :-(
3	We sat at the bar and only ate oysters, but all-in-all it was an excellent experience!  Craig and the other bartender (sorry i forgot her name...she was very sweet) were on top of it, and service was excellent. The oysters were delicious and drinks were good too.  They made our Charlotte experience better. Thanks!
3	My boyfriend hit the nail on the head when he described LaVecchia's as the Applebees of nice restaurants. There are so many fabulous places to have a nice dinner in Charlotte and this did not impress. I have a fabulous Lobster Bisque - creamy shellfish soup, lump crab meat, sherry creme fraiche. It was heaven. My friend who ordered the same agreed but although most of us cleared our plates: salmon, steak, mahi mahi we were not blown away.
4	We have been to LaVecchia's several times with this being our first review.  Parking is easy and dry in the Hearst tower and with LaVecchia validating a ticket it is free.  The walk/ride down is nice and the atmosphere is great with businessfolk, and upscale patrons.. RiRa, Luce, and a beautiful courtyard are just outside the building add to the great location.  If you make a reservation, LaVecchia's is pretty easy to get into.  Each time we have arrived we have been seated while large parties were being seated.  The wait staff have been prompt., and we have not had to wait too long for our drinks.  The appitizer has been a bit too salty each time, bu the main entre food has been great!!!   We have returned several times when we have thousands of options here in the Queen city area.
4	Not sure about all the less than stellar reviews, but food and service wise, I had a great experience.  Wandered in after the Kentucky Derby bar crawl (there were seven of us total) without a reservation but were seated on the lovely patio immediately by Michelle, who was genuinely friendly and helpful.  We were the youngest patrons by at least twenty years and although we did get a little loud at times, the angry stares from the other diners were a little off-putting.Anyway, on to the food!  The PEI mussel appetizer was enormous.  At least 20 mussels for $11, hanging out in a bowl of rich cream sauce with a huge chunk of bread to soak up all the yummy goodness.  And the dressing for the blackberry salad is positively guzzle worthy.
4	We were ten minutes late for our reservation, but LaVecchia couldn't have been nicer about it! Sat us immediately at a great table, and we received adequate and unobtrusive attention throughout the meal. Mussels appetizer was simple and good, steak and salmon entrees were perfectly done. Water glasses sat empty a couple of times, but not enough to really spoil the experience. Overall, a nice evening out.
1	We just went here last night because of charlotte restaurant week and wanting to try a different upscale restaurant.  The experience was nothing close to nice or upscale.  We arrived and were promptly seated by a friendly hostess, A+ to the hostesses.It took some minutes before our waiter came to us, friendly, but slow.  Kevin and I both ordered our appetizers, meal, and dessert all at once, along with a drink from the bar.  Kevin ordered soup and I ordered a salad.  Kevins soup came, no salad for me.  The server came by with bread and did not say a thing.  My salad finally arrives.  A few minutes later the server returns and mentions she is glad to see that I have my salad now and was wondering what happened to it.  Both the soup and the salad were good, but to eat starters separately should not happen.  After finishing, I finally get my bar drink, the server appologizes for it taking so long.Next to courses.  Kevin had lobster pasta and I had steak.  My steak was dropped off, but no steak knife was dropped off by our waiter, the person who dropped off the food, or anyone.  Waiter no where in sight, I flag down someone for a steak knife.  Aside from that, the steak was good, had a nice flavor.  Kevin liked his, but did not think it was anything special.We finish the main course and are waiting around for some time, our waiter comes by and asks us if we want boxes, we say yes.  A couple minutes later a guy comes by with our desserts. He asked us of we were still working on our dinners, suprised to see them on the table.  We told him we were waiting on boxes.  He takes them away to box them.  A few minutes later our waiter comes with boxes, and is surprised to see our food gone.  Aside from that, the desserts were good.  The chocolate cake was rich, but great!Overall, I was not blown away by the food, and since the service and experience was awful, I will not be back.  If I'm going to pay a lot of money for dinner, it should all be great.  It was just like going to a mediocre restaurant, felt nothing like an upscale restaurant.
3	Was there for a business dinner and stuck in the middle of a banquette for 6 with 4 other people who didn't want to leave!  Seriously, our server was very attentive, considering 2 of the people were late.  We all had outstanding salads--I had the spinach salad, another diner had the salad with blackberries--no complaints from anyone.  I had to try the mussels, which I had as a main course.  Everyone else got legitimate entrees, and mine was the best value--I had more food than they did.  They all seemed to enjoy their selections, since we all finished our dinner.  The only low spot was one of the diners got the chocolate cake and didn't like it...probably because she waited so long to eat it because she was gossiping.  I felt bad for the waiter because we were there for 4 hours and he could've made more money if we'd left earlier.  I like LaVecchia's new location.  I also like the food and seriously, I do like my co-workers!
2	Just nothing to write home about. I knew we were in trouble when we asked the waiter where the oysters were from and his response was " somewhere up north I think". The fried oyster rockerfeller were very good. We were pretty much the only ones in there. I might stop back for a drink and an app, but I would look elsewhere first.
4	I went to LaVecchia's for the first time EVER just a few weeks ago. I had heard so-so reviews from friends so I was a bit skeptical at first but thought that the dinner was very nice! The entrees that my date and I ordered did take a little long because they were very busy but we just enjoyed our appetizer in the meantime so it didn't bother us at all. The manager even bought us a bottle of wine for us because we had waited "so long". Score! The service was on-point and our waitress was incredibly friendly and helped us out with suggestions when ordering. I'll be back to LaVecchia's!
