4	This is a good place to go get curry TAKE-OUTS.  Despite the remote location and the small dine-in area, the food is quite good in contrast to the restaurants appearance. I'm comparing this to Sai Bai-thong and Curry-in-a-box.  Sai Bai-thong is a bit over price for the volume and ingredients.
3	Note that this place has changed names since the review. No longer appears to have even a small eat-in area. http://www.thaibasilcarryout.com/My rating is a placeholder as we only drove past when we saw that there was no dine-in option.
4	This is my favorite neighborhood spot for Thai carry out. I believe the owners used to work at Sai Bai Thong so it's similar styled thai at a lower price. The shrimp purse, prad prik and pad thai were tasty, portions and price are great.
4	I wish Thai Basil was closest to my house!  So good!  They know to ADD SPICE, if you tell them you like it spicey.  Order extra Thai tea. :-)  Yummy, yummy, yummy!
5	Can't believe how great this place is. Ordered late Saturday night and they delivered in 15 minutes! I was sure I had misunderstood and it was going to be 50 minutes but they were prompt and the food was great. I got the chicken pad Thai and my friend got the yellow curry and we were both pleased. I even enjoyed the remainder of mine reheated the next day and it was still good.  I'd highly recommend to anyone!
3	Portion size and prices were good. Friendly service. The food was just a bit spicy - not intolerably hot. The flavors were quite good but the food seemed a bit fattier than Thai food usually is, and my chicken green curry had only chicken and mushrooms - no other vegetables, except for two small chunks of tomato. But it was a good enough experience, and unique enough for Madison, that I'm sure I'll be back.
4	Thai Basil serves a wide variety of Thai cuisine.  Along with must-have Thai noodle dishes like pad thai and pad see ew, they also have curries, rice dishes and a variety of appetizers such as spring rolls and crab rangoon.   The curry stands out as some of Madison's best, but all of the dishes I've had have been well prepared and quite enjoyable.I think if Thai Basil when I want some comfort food.  I generally get take out, but have also eaten in their small dining area.  The staff is pleasant and goes out of their way to make sure you're satisfied without being overly attentive.  While they're not going to get a Michelin star any time soon, they do what they do well and with care.
5	Food is really good, I enjoy getting it for take out when we are in a rush, they are very fast!
3	Came here for quick takeout while taking care of my sister who recently had a minor surgery. I was trying to find some good Pho that I thought maybe would be easy on her stomach. Unfortunately, she wasn't interested but I had a Thai craving nonetheless. The menu was completely available online which was a bonus. But I chose two simple favorites: Pad Thai and spring rolls. Both were fairly good. The Pad Thai was very dry and lacking quite a bit of flavor. It was really not very good. The spring rolls were okay. It's pretty difficult to screw those up. All in all, it's quick and easy Thai if you're in a bind and near to the West side.
1	This is one of the worst restaurants I've ever tried to order from.  They take 2 hours to get you delivery, they always screw up the my order and they have no clue how to give good service.  Every time I've worked with them, they've screwed something up and they've never tried to make it right.  If Madison had any other food options, I would never order from them again.
4	I have always enjoyed takeout from this restaurant, but I must admit I only order squash curry as it is my favorite Thai food. On this narrow basis, I would give the restaurant five stars. However, there are some negatives: the price is a little high for takeout and accessing the restaurant by car is awkward - and sometimes dangerous.Nevertheless, I have always loved the food itself!
4	I definitely like places that encourage take out.  I'd often rather eat in the comfort of my home.Call it in, it's done when I get there and I live just up the street.  Their spicy sour type soup is excellent and you can add your choice of meat, tofu, or seafood (which gives a great variety).  Very interesting flavors.
4	This is my favorite Thai food place (and I recently went Thai fooding in London), plus it's close to my house! But its delivery or pick up ONLY (and the delivery area is small). I noticed someone complain about the phone person. I order here once a week and sometimes it does happen (but they have about 3 staff persons and if one is on delivery, 50% says it could be the cook answering, and if he don't speak good English - who cares! you know you're at the right place! -PS the girl is his daughter). So depending on who picks up the phone, I may have to repeat myself once or twice. (They recently hired a new front man - easy to understand.) They have always got my order right . My fav is a "special" order: I love the yellow curry and "add" the pineapple to it (versus getting the straight up Pineapple curry - my version gives me potatoes!). Sometimes I get swindled out of enough potatoes (might get 1-2) but they are BIG and the taste compensates for it. (Yes, they charge for the extras, but give you enough to not curse them). The yellow curry is flavorful, but not spicy, so if you're into that, you might want to add it. Depending on the night, their tom yum soup base can be quite spicy so ask in advance about their spice additions for that night. For reference, I like the mild thai foods, 1 pepper= good, 2 peppers = pushing it. Their chicken satay comes flavored with peanut sauce on it and 2 side sauces of cucumber and this other sweet sour yummy sauce. Spring/salad rolls are basic fat rolls with hoisin sauce and the chicken dumplings have a decent flavor too. My friend loves their chicken fried rice. I've had it and its one of the best I've tried in Madison. They add extras like real tomatoes and fat onions, big chunks of full size broccoli, etc.  This is one place that, I feel, the food DOES look like the pictures. Extra: For those that can, get the Thai tea! So sweet and yummy. Avoid if lactose intolerentReason for the missing star: 1) The veggies in the dishes can be more toward the "raw" side. 2) Inconsistent Tom Yum soup spice 3) Also, what they say about this pad thai is true: it's a little dry, but I notice that at many Thai restaurants. Maybe it's because I didn't pick it up at the 10min mark (sat out an extra 10-15 min before I got to it)? Plus pad thai is boring compared to the currys.
4	I love Thai Basil!  It is hands down the best Thai restaurant that I have been to in Madison! My favorite dishes include the curry dishes especially the red curry.  I also love the chicken fried rice and the tom yum.  The service is pretty fast and they deliver which is awesome for Sunday night when cooking doesn't really feel like an option.  I have never had a bad meal there!
5	We've never had anything but a hot, delicious meal from Thai Basil. Whenever we've ordered for either takeout or delivery, the food is ready very quickly (or if it won't be, they tell us ahead of time). The food is fresh and flavorful, and they are great about accommodating dietary requests.
4	In town for a week been here 3 times! Food is very addiction tasty!  I order combo fried rice, ragoon and curry noodles.  Place is a dump (carry out place),  location is hard to find around high traffic road.  but all I care about is the good tasting food.
5	The best Thai food in Madison. The ingredients are fresh. Things are cooked to perfection and the dishes are amazingly flavorful.
3	Definitely nothing compared to Suwanasak down the street, but a solid Thai take-out restaurant when you are in a bind. Portions are beyond generous so no complaints there, but I thought the pad thai noodles were a tad undercooked. Not a huge deal though when you can get in and out of there with a hot meal in under 10 minutes.
5	Easily BEST AUTHENTIC THAI MADISON! Also, liked that they've allowed me to customized my dish an they were willing once to stay open 10 extra minutes after I called order in at closing time. :-) Panang is The bomb! ~ Yet everything is so darn delish!
4	Could be 5 StarIf they only had a few more tables.  In Madison for an overnight business trip and craving Thai.  Thai Basil was pretty close to the hotel.  But must have mis-read the reviews, thought a few said service was improved.  Fortunately there are two tables and no wait.  (Besides - nothing worse that eating take out in a hotel room - SOOOO stereotypical).  So sat in the place and had delicious fried tofu and a wonderful Pad See U; always like the wide noodles.  Washed down with a smooth Thai Iced Tea.  And had the place to ourselves, so can't complain about the service and view of the kitchen.
2	Eh! Taste fresh for take out, I guess. I ordered the Spicy Basil with Beef. The sauce was spicy, and the vegetables were fresh, well-prepared, and plentiful. A little too plentiful. I only had a small portion of beef in my meal so I won't be returning. :-(
5	Simply amazing! I have never been disappointed with a dish. The pumpkin curry is my favorite!
5	I love Thai Basil! Their evil jungle noodle is super good! And I love that they actually make the food mild in request. Some other places seem to make it even hotter when you order mild but Thai Basil is spot on!
5	Fantastic food. I got the Drunken Noodle with chicken (requested extra spice) and it was just right! It was edible but left my lips burning. Crab rangoons were delicious, too--very creamy on the inside. Highly recommended!
4	We love the food here.  Everything we've tried has tasted great, although the spice level can be disappointing to someone who loves spice.We have had some communication issues when ordering but have always gotten the correct order. Certainly worth supporting this great ethnic restaurant!
5	The cashew chicken is the best in Madison!  They're not kidding when they say SPICEY but you can request mild or medium spiceiness.
3	The pad see ew was the worst I've ever had.  No flavor, no basil leaves, and greasy!  The Penang curry was pretty good and Tom yum was just alright.  Service was friendly.
5	Seriously, I love this place! They have gotten better on their cooked veggies, and I now just get the yellow curry (leave out the pineapple) b/c I'm lazy. Communication is good with a new front man. Delivery time is very extreme hit or miss - so I just pick up now.Ps. My curry and rice reheats just right for second day approval!
4	I had a bad experience with Thai Basil when they first opened and have not been back since. I am really glad we gave them another chance!! We called in our order and it was ready when we arrived 15 minutes later. The place was quite busy with carryout orders, there is really no dine in space. The man tending the front counter was efficient and pleasant even with how busy they were. This was appreciated, since inefficiency was the reason for our initial bad experience. We ordered chicken pot stickers, spicy cashew nut with shrimp, and spicy fried rice with chicken, planning to share. The two entrees were really tasty, the potstickers were nothing exciting. Great heat on the food and portions were a good size.  The one disappointment was they did not include the rice that goes with the spicy cashew nut and we did not realize it until we got home. Since that was the case I gave up half my fried rice to my dining partner.  We both found ourselves wishing we had more food. Will definitely be back, but this time will check our order before leaving.
4	Thai Basil is my go-to for take-out Thai food. I have yet to have a bad meal.The crab Rangoon is consistently the best I've had and a great treat once in a while. prik king is excellent, as is the spicy cashew nut. All the curries are good but a little thin. I think Thai Basil does their best work with their stir fry, so you may want to hold in that direction.Service is quick and I've never gotten anything that I've had to wait a significant amount of time for...10 minutes to be finished, tops. Just call them, hang up and then drive over.They have a scale of 1 to 5 for spicy and 4 is usually quite good. 5 is still easy to eat, but a little one dimensional in flavor profile. Also, be advised that sometimes an extra ingredient not listed on their menu may work its way in to the dish. If you have an allergy, you may want to mention it.
4	I got the Pad Thai from here and it was yummy. The egg rolls could of had a bigger presence od veggies all you could see was the noodle filling. The guy at the front counter was great, friendly and helpful guiding us through the menu.  I will be back to try it again.
5	Came here on a date (which sucked BTW)  but onto the food. Great atmosphere and friendly fast workers. The food is yummo however if you're into spicy spicy this isn't the place. Overall I'm giving it a 5. I recommend it
2	Very disappointed in the Drunken noodles. Far too oily and lacking in flavor. I asked for it to be spicy and they did a good job of giving it heat: the problem was the lack of taste associated with the heat. There just wasn't any balance in the dish. Prices weren't cheap but not super expensive-- $9.50 for a pretty solid portion of noodles. Friendly guy running the counter, and it took less than ten minutes from ordering for them to have my food ready. Ultimately I think the restaurant has to be judged on taste, and unfortunately my dish lacked in that regard.
5	Super friendly owner who is more than happy to give recommendations and cater the ingredients and spiciness to your taste. It's much faster than other Thai places around, both in terms of service and delivery. While they only have two dine in tables, you can usually find a spot without a problem as most people take out or order delivery. The food is great and the portions are good. There is even free delivery for orders over $20. You can't go wrong with this place!Recommendations: Drunken noodle, green curry (the eggplant is delicious!), pad thai. Basically everything on their menu. I will say that I got their Thai Iced Tea once, and while it was good, about 60% of it was ice, but it's not a big deal to me.
1	I will never spend another dollar at this establishment after how I was treated today. I located Thai Basil's menu online to order dinner. I called the number on their website and a man answered. I told him I wanted to place an order for delivery. He asked me my address, which is about two miles from the restaurant. I placed my order and he told me it would arrive in 15 minutes to one hour. I waited an hour and when my food still hadn't arrived, I called the restaurant. The man I spoke to earlier said the delivery person was out sick and it would be an additional 30-40 minutes; their delivery was very slow. I asked why he hadn't told me about that earlier--I would have ordered carrypit otherwise--and he proceeded to yell at me and hang up. I called back again and he hung up on me again after proclaiming that the store was too busy and he had no time to talk to me. I then drove to the restaurant; the owner claimed it was extremely busy (it wasn't) and said that the delivery person hadn't even showed up to work until 5:30pm. I reminded him that he told me the delivery person was out sick and he denied it, claiming I called before the delivery person arrived. I showed him on my cell phone where I called to place my order at 6:31pm. The owner screamed at me, put his hand in my face, and refused to give me my food. I demanded my order and he eventually gave me my food, prepared the wrong way and stone cold. I will not tolerated being disrespected and lied to, especially by an establishment I *choose* to patronize. I'd give this place zero stars if I could.
5	After moving to Bay Area for almost a year, I still miss Thai Basil, definitely the best Thai place in Madison. The red, yellow curry and Tom Yum Soup are all really good and takeout order usually just takes 10 minutes to get prepared, which is super fast. Simply put, you can't go wrong with any item on the menu.
2	Good food but they upped the minimum for delivery to $20. I realize that they are a small company but get real! $20 is far too much to charge for delivery
