1	This place charged double what they quoted and then got snippy when questioned. That's the worst combination of bad service traits possible. Fixed things that were not causes, but symptoms, of my problem. No progress was achieved, I dropped close to 800 for a starter and battery, which both had to be replaced again. They really shouldn't work on German cars as they seemed to be at a loss. Or any cars, as far as I'm concerned.
1	They suck at working on Japanese cars as well, they FAILED miserably at making some basic repairs on an old '93 Honda Accord I had several years back, and after going back to them four times they STILL couldn't get it right. If you give a sh*t about your car, DO NOT TAKE IT TO ANY SUN DEVIL AUTO LOCATIONS! Total scam artists.
4	I've had mixed reactions with all mechanic shops. For the most part I think they are all trying to scam the poor, heart broken auto dude/gal when you roll up with your vehicle. I come from a computer background and I know how difficult it is to trouble shoot an issue when the user explains it by using a sound effect. So, when I explained my issue with a sound effect, I couldn't resist busting out in laughter.  The mechanic seemed very knowledgeable with out being demeaning. The apparent issue was a factory defect and they handled it very well. After reading the reviews on here I was extremely skeptical, but I'm happy to say that today is a good day because I walked out paying just under a hundred dollars! Wohoo! I hate vehicle issues. I'm glad this experience worked out in my favor.
1	Can I give a Place no Stars , because that is what this place deserves, they suck NEVER NEVER NEVER go here. I got my A/C fixed and paid 1300 to replace my entire A/C components on my truck in july 2008. In less than a year later, It's broke again (April 2009). They said it was a valve that went out which they replaced. So, they replace that for free. Now, less than a year later again after April 2009 that it's broke in March 2010.  It does not work again. In less than 2 year period, my ac on my truck has broke twice since I got it all replaced. They want to charge me to get it fixed now that the 12 month warranty is over. To top it off they retro fitted my High pressure line with the wrong valve and told me they could not fix that and admitted to putting the wrong valve on it. So, I could not fill is up with Freon to see where it is leaking. I had to buy 60 dollars with of part at auto zone to fix it. It's ridiculous that I paid for my A/C on my truck to be replaced and it breaks every year.   This is about the Sun Devil Auto on Chandler Blvd, Cross Streets Chandler and McQueen but from what I have read on the internet they all SUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	My car has been making an unhappy noise for a couple months.  I took it into *an unnamed* auto shop in October and they couldn't find the issue.Finally I took it into Sun Devil Auto and they had all the details for me in two hours.  My air compressor kit needed to be replaced, or my belt was going to break.   I called around and did price comparisons on the repairs I needed -- they gave me a good price.  Plus, I added on an oil change for only $15.  These guys are fan-freaking-tastic.  Without their serious know-how, and their tough love, my car and I would be immobile.  If you love your car and good, honest people then bring it here next time you need a repair.
1	This place sucks, they milked a extended warranty we had purchased with a used car years ago. Every week like clockwork some other expensive component was broke, but it was usually covered. They also almost blew up my car and me in it when they did not install a hose going to my gastank after fixing it. It came off while driving and I dumped a full tank of gas in 30 seconds .
4	I liked these guys a lot.  They were fast, friendly, and sympathetic to my limited budget.  They were honest, helpful, and gave me a great price on the services I needed.  I'll definitely be returning to them in the future.  Plus, their front office and bathroom were very clean which is always a good sign that they care about their customers!
5	I always have car trouble and trusting Mechanics who work on commission has always been an issue, but these Guys are awesome! They showed, explained in detail, and compared to another engine what was wrong with my car with nothing but patience. We worked out a good payment plan for what was the first priority as well as them listing and pricing what else will eventually be 1st and 2nd priorities. I am saving up for a new car but until then I trust this place with my hooptie!
1	Every time my wife and I brought in our car to have its oil changed the mechanic would discover something wrong with either the radiator hoses, or the engine mount, or an oil gasket was leaking... It was repair this and that ad infinitum. Fortunately, I decided to independently verify all of these things before getting our 07 Chevy Impala overhauled by Sun Devil. Actually, the irony is, we took it to Big-o, who said they spotted a leak from a manifold head gasket. Sun Devil never mentioned that. (We too had that independently verified. And sure enough, there was a major issue that costs thousands of dollars, having just exceeded our warranty.) From this experience, my inferences conclude me to assume that the modi operandi here is mostly guesswork. They seem more interested in nickel and diming its customers, which is something that many mechanics do, even Big-o (whose services I have also eschewed). I will never take my car here again.
1	These guys bait and switch.  I brought my car in for an oil change with a coupon printed from their website.  When I came to pick up the car they charged me 50% more claiming that the oil my car used (5W30) was not part of the special offer.  Baloney!  If that were true, they would've mentioned it when I dropped off the car and gave them the coupon.  The fact is they just didn't want to honor their coupon.  The coupon was just to get customers in the door.  This place RIPS YOU OFF.  Stay away.
5	I brought in a used 93 Volvo with an oil leak to get an estimate. Dave was very pleasant and made me feel comfortable about them doing the work. I was relieved when they got back to me with a very fair price to make the repair.   Apparently, there were some hidden damages within the engine that was causing the leak. These repairs would have cost twice as much as what they originally quoted me and were repaired at no extra cost. They guaranty there work and I'll be bringing my car back.
5	I've been taking my vehicles to Sun Devil Auto on Elliot since 2007, when I moved to Tempe.  Over the years, they have earned my trust through honest work and fair pricing.  When I've been given a quote for a large repair, I've always researched the estimated cost for the work and found Sun Devil to be fairly priced.  Some times when I bring my car in for an oil change, they will recommend a routine maintenance service that the car could use.  I'm fine with this, as it has allowed me to do the needed maintenance on my vehicle over time.  The result of the maintenance is a paid off vehicle with 100k miles that runs like it was brand new.I'll continue to bring my vehicles to Sun Devil as long as this level of treatment and service continues.
5	I have been taking my car here for quite some time now for oil changes, and I have always been satisfied with the service. The guys who work here are always polite &friendly and they don't PUSH you to get other things fixed on your car, they simply inform you of a few things (if any) and give you an estimate should you decide to go through them. The price (for oil changes) aren't too expensive either. I am very satisfied with their service.
5	Good customer service.  I received a follow up call after my service was done to address some concerns I had expressed.  While servicing my car, they noticed an issue with one of my tires and encouraged me to take it back where I purchased it from, as there could have been a lingering warranty that could have saved me money.  They also noted that there could be additional service that could be provided as preventative maintenance, that could ultimately save me some money (saving labor having to disassemble the car again).  They offer shuttle service, which is a nice bonus.
5	I came to Sun Devil to get a diagnosis, since it was acting up after a collision. My friend recommended it, and these guys were beyond amazing. David Hyland, the store manager, had my car looked over and kept it over night since it was late when I took it in, and he wanted a few guys to test drive it. He sent me pics of my tires, two of which had wires showing..  He told me what I needed to fix now, and never once tried to up sell anything. They gave me rides to and from my house, and all were nothing but sweet! Never once talked down to since I know nada about cars, and David explained everything so I could understand. These guys, especially David went out of there way to check over my car, and for that reason, I will only ever come to Sun Devil! Thanks guys, and David I'm still bringing you Starbucks!:)
5	I recently had my car worked on at the Sun Devil Auto on E. Elliot Road, Tempe, AZ.  The staff were professional and pleasant to deal with.  This is one auto repair shop that definitely stands behind their work.  I will recommend them to all my friends.
5	Stopped in to get a crack in my windshield fixed. The manager Dave was extremely friendly and chatted with me for a bit as I waited for the repairs to finish. All of the staff were friendly and professional. The damage to my windshield was fixed perfectly, and best of all they comped the cost of the repair! Great place! I plan on making Sun Devil Auto my go to repair shop.
5	Stopped into Sun Devil after a recommendation from my mom when I needed to have a connector to my battery looked at, and a standard oil change. First of all, right away they were super welcoming and friendly. I could tell when I walked in that they were definitely busy because almost all of the lifts were full, and the parking lot was almost totally full, but I came in with my car without an appointment, they didn't make it seem like it was an inconvenience (which I have experienced at other places when I have come in during busy times). They gave me an estimated hour wait for my car to be finished, and it was done in a little over 40 minutes! The waiting area had current reading material, and there was complimentary coffee. I am used to paying nearly $50 for my oil changes at Jiffy Lube...I know nothing about cars, so I will openly admit now that I was sucked into their marketing and seeing them all over town. I was literally SHOCKED when it only cost me $17.03 for them to fix the part on my battery, and for my oil change (this was after the $5 Yelp check-in discount). Definitely will be a longtime customer after today's experience...I highly suggest taking your car here. They are friendly, honest, reasonable and really put the customer first!
