3	I was back in Pittsburgh visiting the "extended folks".  My parents are in upstate New York, but just about everyone else is in the Pittsburgh area.  So I've lived in rural New York state, various places in Maryland, and just outside Los Angeles.  None of which are big Steelers TV markets.  So I've grown accustomed to watching the Stillers at a bar.  The weekend I was home in Pittsburgh was no different.  I wanted to head to a bar to watch the game....  so that should give you an idea of how I look at bars for watching football.  I'm use to bars packed with Steelers fans.So with that... this is a pretty standard sports bar.  It's got a lot of room so I'm sure if they have something big going on, they could accommodate everyone.  But the Sunday afternoon that I was there was uninspiring.  There was plenty of parking for more than just those watching the game.  The place wasn't empty, most of the bar stools were taken, but I think there were only two people other than the bartenders who weren't sitting at the bar.I can't say I disliked this place.  They had a good beer selection and the Gyro Burger that I was delicious.  but it just didn't inspire me to want to return.  So I think the A-OK Yelp rating is about right.
5	I absolutely love this place. The food is great and the drink specials are amazing. They always have something going on on the weekends. It's my go to bar on the weekend.
4	Passing through West Mifflin on our way home, I did a Google for "Wing Night Pittsburgh" on a Tuesday night, because we were half-starved and were in the mood for wings.  It just so happened that our route home would take us up Route 885, and right past a place we had never visited called "Mulligan's."  As a less-than-impressive golfer of many years, and as a man of Irish heritage, I could appreciate the name, so it FELT RIGHT.  We decided to try it.It was a hockey night in Pittsburgh, and there was a good crowd.  The first thing that struck me was that this place could get loud.  Open metal rafters and a highly reflective metal ceiling above.  Put some sound dampening material up there, please.  The second thing that struck me was, "Hey, they've got 18 taps... There is bound to be something good!"  Sure enough, we were treated to a cold glass of Troeg's Nugget Nectar and a Lagunitas IPA.  There were other interesting taps as well, and of course, the Irish standards, Harp and Guinness.  The third thing I noticed was the restroom, since I had just been on the road for three hours.  It was clean, with foam soap and automated paper towels.  I appreciate those kinds of amenities in a new place.We wasted no time ordering some wings, and the price was perfect.  50 cents for a whole jumbo chicken wing.  When the wings came out, we were very happy, because they were indeed jumbo wings, perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned (we got the Cajun dry with some hot sauce on the side) and they came out of the kitchen very quickly.  The hot sauce was a bit on the mild side for my taste, diluted with butter, but had some other spices mixed in that made it very interesting and enjoyable.  We also got a basket of fries, and they were excellent.  I believe the method used was the "dipping in corn starch" method, which produces extra crispy and delicious fries.  They were not fresh cut, but they were excellent!  The blue cheese was quite good too.We plowed through our wings, celery and fries and were entertained by three consecutive Penguins goals in the third period for a come-from-behind victory.  The crowd was very enthusiastic, and an extremely loud boat horn sounded on each goal, adding to the crowd's excitement.  Our bartender was very pleasant, attentive, and friendly.  (on the check, it said that our server's name was Laura.)  Everybody in the place seemed like they were enjoying themselves as much as we were, too.In short, we've discovered a great new place to have wings and good beer on a Tuesday night, and couldn't be happier about it.  I would not hesitate to stop in there again on a Tuesday, and the rest of the menu looked like my kind of sports bar fare, as well.  If you're not sure where this place is, it is located right next the the Get-Go on Lebanon Road.  From my one experience, you won't regret stopping in for a beer and some wings!
1	Really wanted to like this place.  There were tons of tvs and projections for games, which was nice, and maybe if you go on a Wednesday night or something, you can have some luck, but I won't be going back.  First they charged a cover for us to get in, there was a band playing, whatever, it happens.  Then the place was so crowded that we ended up sharing a 4-person table with another couple.  We waited 20 minutes without being seen by a waitress--a girl walked by selling shots and I asked about a waitress.  She told me she was not a waitress but would send someone over soon.  20 minutes after that, we finally flagged down a waitress.  We ordered a dozen wings, fries, and two beers.  The other couple also wanted more beers.  We got our beers quickly, but the waitress wanted immediate payment, so we gave her a credit card and she never returned it (we said we did not want an open tab).  About 30 minutes later, we finally got our food, which was cold but at this point we were so hungry and knew that we'd never eat if we send it back.  Would have been really good if it was at least warm.  Our original waitress never came back, so we eventually asked another waitress if she could find our card and close our order, and gave her our receipt.  She came back 10 minutes later to confirm our card, but then we didn't see our card again for another 30 minutes.  Just overall awful customer service.
5	This Is Not Just Your Average Run Of The Mill Pittsburgh  bar, This IS The Place To Be!!  Not Only Do They Have Amazing Bar Tenders With A Large Variety Of Beers, But There Food Is Amazing!  There AM Burger Is Mouthwatering, There Wings Are Cooked Fresh Daily, And They Have Specials Every Day Of The Week!! You Really Need To Make It A Point To Check This Place Out If You Haven't Already.  The Atmosphere Is Great, People Are Fun, And The Food Is Amazing.  5+ Stars!!
3	This place went downhill fast compared to when they opened. Mixed drinks are never made right. Food is faster than other places.
4	Stopped for lunch. Janiel was great. The Sante Fe Salad was awesome and huge. Came hungry and left full.  Everything was out quickly enough. We will be back soon.  Oh ya victory on tap was nice too.
4	Better then I was expecting. Stopped by last night for some drinks and a bit of food. I sat at the bar and felt welcomed by the bartenders. Both were very friendly and never made me feel rushed. This is a great place to just come and chill with a cold drink. The tap selection is ok. Nothing really unique but they do have a bit of a seasonal selection. The bottle selection looked a bit more extensive. I ordered a gyro because I'm still on my gyro kick and while it was delish I wish the tzatziki was a bit creamier. The flavor was still there though. The fries were fresh and crispy. I'm looking forward to my next visit and hoping the food is just as fresh and delicious.
