1	Two maids and a thief!We moved into a new house this summer and by fall wanted to get someone to clean the house after we had settled in.Called this service and made an appointment - they ask you to prioritize what you need done in the house and they send two women over for two hours.  We tried to stay out of their way to they could work, so we really weren't watching what they were doing every minute, of course.What was apparent, almost from the beginning,was the woman who took the upstairs was doing a fantastic and thorough job.  The woman working downstairs seemed a bit slower and unsure of herself.What was more apparent when they left was that the woman who had worked downstairs had barely done anything --- large sections of the floor and furniture had not been swept nor dusted.  What she had been busy doing was figuring out a way to steal one of our electronic devices we had left sitting out and charging on a table nearby.  We noticed it was missing later that day, and it was so obvious who had taken it that there was no doubt in our minds.We called Two Maids to see what they could do about it --- very little, apparently.  They questioned the woman, just to see if she had "moved" it.  She had moved it, all right --- into her possession.  We waited a couple of days to see if it would magically "turn up," but it did not.  We filed a police report.A couple weeks passed before the Char Meck police showed up at our door.  They had recovered our device from a pawn shop.  It seems they're supposed to report stolen property, so we're glad we filed the police report.  The officer who brought it in asked us a few questions --- they seemed to have strong suspicions already about who had dropped it off at the pawn shop.After recharging our recovered device and turning it back on, expecting that it had been damaged somehow, I was surprised and pleased to note the thief had configured their email and left a copy of their resume, including name, address and phone number.  The identity of the this person coincided with, you guessed it, the name of the woman who cleaned our downstairs --- the same woman they arrested at work a couple days later.It's bad enough that she stole something from our house when we weren't looking, but what's worse is the way Two Maids insisted "we background check" everyone.  It's not good enough --- this woman was sketchy from the start, not to mention a LOUSY housekeeper, no matter how you look at it.  Her job performance was beyond poor and I doubt she had any training at all.  We're lucky that she was dumb enough to leave her resume right on the thing, as well as the photos she and her children had taken of each other with it --- made it much easier for the cops to nail her.  And that she was dumb enough to turn it into a pawn shop instead of selling it outright.And I can almost forgive Two Maids for sending a thief into my house, but I could not forgive them for sending me a "professional cleaner" who was anything but that.
2	Have used for about a year.  Initially was very satisfied.  The girls are all super friendly.  Office manager is obviously in over her head.  Would agree on a time, only to have them show up 3 hours early.  Scheduled an appt 2 months in advance.  Called an hour after they were to arrive to say they were on the way.  Mop around rugs, don't mop under kitchen  table.  A few times they left 30 minutes early.  Sent 3 girls for one hour, when I paid for 2 hours, office manager claimed "she did right by me" I  Have decided to no longer use this service
2	I would not use them again.  They did not clean thoroughly for our move-in cleaning, despite having been at our house for over five hours.  I had to call back to have them re-clean some portions of our home that I had requested be cleaned that were not.  I just think they do a halfway job, or the least amount they can get away with.  Will not use again.
