3	So not a real avid smoker...unless its green or I am extremely inebriated. But I noticed this place just opened so I thought I would check it out. If you are not a fan of cigars or cigar smoke...do not go here...I repeat do not go here! This place has it all for the cigar aficionado I mean everything plus a great supply of those foreign cigarettes I love to smoke when I am plastered Darjums. In any event just thought I would say the staff was really nice they have a smoking lounge were you can enjoy your purchase with a TV in it. pretty cool little place over all, and a great selection of empty cigar boxes for cheap.Worth checking out which is what I did!
1	Wow. Probably one of the worst experiences I have ever had with local retail. For those of you just looking for a quick review, the owner was condescending and deliberately tried to mislead me. I brought in 3 pipes to be reamed and sterilized. and when I got them back the insides were still flithy. When I confronted him, he tried to convince me that you can't clean the insides. It ended with me telling him he lost a customer. For the full story read below. I'm new to pipe smoking and have been frequenting several of Phoenix's local tobacco shops looking for a new pipe and place I can call my own. When I first went to Ye olde pipe things were pleasant enough, it was just before closing and a young cigar smoking kid approached my wife and I with a big smile and offered to let us see any of the pipes we wanted. I was ready to impulse buy and he suggested I take my time and come in later and talk to a regular customer of theirs who knew everything there was to know about pipes. I was pretty excited about how cool the store seemed and that they were really invested in developing regular customers. I found a few estate pipes at an antique store and went back to ye olde pipe to buy some cleaning supplies. The kid was there with another man and they suggested I just have the shop clean them for me and that it would be about $5 a pipe. I came in the next day and the owner was at the counter. I showed him my pipes and he said it would be $10 a pipe. More than what I was quoted, but 10 bucks seemed reasonable. I asked what the cleaning entailed and he said they reamed the bowl, cleaned and sterilized the shank and polished the outside. I gave him my pipes and came back a few days later. The shanks looked a lot better and the bowls seemed a bit cleaner, but when I separated the shank from the bowl, the insides were still full of gunk. I showed it to him and he grumbled something about it just being cleaning supply residue and he put a pipe cleaner through it and said it was fine. I double checked to make sure the whole thing was sterilized as I had no idea where the pipe was before. He said yes, I bought some tobacco and a pouch and dropped him 50 bucks when I checked out.When I got home and examined the pipes under light I realized the shanks were just as filthy as when I brought them in. When I ran a pipe cleaner with a bit of alcohol on it though the pipe it came out brown with a single pass.I took the pipes back and asked him if they passed as clean to him? He shrugged me aside and said yes, they looked fine, what was my problem? Since he refused to acknowledge the visible gunk in the shaft I gave him a pipe cleaner with alcohol to pass through it. When it came out brown he began to defend himself by saying you can never get everything out. As he put more cleaners through it and they came out browner and browner he began to concede a little that maybe it could use another pass, but that I only paid $10 bucks a pipe so what did I expect? A full restoration would cost $40-50.  All of this was explained to me with a condescending air as if I was too young and stupid to know anything about a clean pipe.I told him I expected a clean and sterile pipe and that he never mentioned that I would need to spend $40.00 to have it actually cleaned. I then asked if he really believed the pipes were clean to his standards, he said yes. I then told him that he could give me my pipe back (which he was still pulling brown pipe cleaners out of) and that I didn't appreciate his condescending attitude. I then told him he lost a customer. He responded with 'get out, and don't ever come back.' I don't intend to.
3	Ye Olde Pipe has a great selection of cigars and a very big walk-in humidor, almost too big. I say that because as I walked around I came across a few boxes of cigars that were way too dry. With that said, I still found SEVERAL cigars that were fresh and moist. What I liked best about Ye Olde was the variety, they had several cigars at all price points, so if you can't afford to smoke an Opus X, they had plenty of cigars for less than $10. If you aren't an avid smoker, I don't know if you will get any help because the staff did not seem very friendly or welcoming, but if you know what you want, there is a good chance they have it.
4	This place is close to home for me and they stay open late enough.  I'm not a connoisseur on cigars but I like to give the squeeze test to make sure they are moist.  It seems that 50% of the cigars are a bit on the tough side... but what do I know.  Other than that, the staff is knowledgeable and helpful.  I'll be back again.
5	Their old location actually used to be off of 20th street and Camelback in Town and Country. We've been customers at Ye Olde for over 30 years. We have always experienced nothing but the finest service and fair prices. My father would take me here with him ever since I could walk and I thoroughly enjoy stopping by the shoppe to buy his tobacco, etc. They treat us like family here and we don't shop anywhere else.Thanks for all the years, all the best.
5	What an awesome selection of cigars!  Cool brands I have never heard of!  Very friendly and helpful staff too!
5	My new found shop for picking a cigars. Very well stocked humidor and their prices are the best that I have seen around. Friendly and helpful service with a very knowledgeable staff. Most importantly, most cigar shops have a kind of dingy/dirty feel to them (not really sure why), but this place was clean and welcoming.Side note: Picked up the #1 cigar from Cigar Aficionado - Flor de las Antillas for the best price in the valley. Delicious cigar, by the way.
5	Great shop! Huge selection of cigars and knowledgeable staff. Go see the shop manager Eric, he has awesome tattoos and a solid pallet, for new cigars reviewes.
4	Great spot to come snd have a great stick. The prices go from $2.95-40. The owner is very helpful since they have a great selection of cigars. Its a must stop and check out place.
5	I am an avid pipe smoker and i have been into tobacconists all around the globe and i could safely say this place has what it takes to satisfy a pipe smoker. I know a cigars fan would probably enjoy the place more but for a pipe smoker it defiantly worth the visit, they have a pipe club gathering every thursday from 6 to 9 pm.
