1	If you are looking for an over-priced dorm like atmosphere then this is definitely the place for you.  Loud parties, underage drinking, and plenty of side-stepping the puke left in the elevators and resident floors from above mentioned guests.  This place is treated like a toilet and management has done nothing about it except raise the rates.
1	Can't go wrong with the location and the views but the management office is highly incompetent. They used to be good but the service has almost become non-existent. Also there are a lot of "children" who live here and treat the place like it is their own personal garbage can.Update 2 years later - this place has officially fallen to complete garbage. I have never seen such incompetence in a staff and the maintenance staff is non-existent.  Seriously I'm not just saying this, the people that work in the office here do not care at all if something is amiss. They will simply deflect you and will not communicate what they are doing to fix problems, which occur on a monthly basis and take weeks to fix if fixed at all. And as others have said the elevators are always broken.  It's pathetic.  If you're a working professional or a "responsible" student, go some place else.  You will be sorely disappointed.
1	This building has massive safety problems. The elevators are constantly breaking and often fall an entire floor or two when they get stuck. It is not uncommon for not a single elevator to be functioning.I have been living here almost a year and my windows have yet to get washed.The parking garage is horribly designed and my car has been damaged as a result. It will probably cost me $1000 to repair it.It is a real shame because the views are beautiful. I do not understand why they cannot fix it up but it has gotten worse, not better, since I moved in in summer 2012.
1	If you're looking for unparalleled living keep looking. This place advertises itself as high rise luxury living and charges accordingly, but it could not be farther from the truth. These sins would be forgivable if this were a low-to-mid priced apartment. The buildings sat vacant for a number of years without being properly serviced. Because of that, there are numerous problems with it. Just to name a few:1. The elevators break constantly, and when they work they make awful sounds.2. Tower 1 flooded, and forced residents in the building to evacuate for over a week.3. Tower 1 was without a fire alarm for over a year. This was only discovered because of the above flood.4. West 6th was forced to shut off power to all of Tower 1 for over 18 hours. They did not make any offers to compensate residents for food spoilage or displacement, nor did they find alternative accommodations, i.e. hotels, for residents.5. The management is incompetent at best. When it's time to sign your lease every single employee tells you something different. They are rude, unhelpful, and will make up answers to your questions. Unless you can get something signed in writing (and maybe not even then) you can consider anything they say to have no merit.6. West 6th has a number of absurd rules for an apartment complex that charges over $1,000 per person per month. You are not allowed more than 1 guest at the pool. You are not allowed more than 5 guests in your room (although they have since raised it to 10). They threaten arbitrary fines constantly.In sum: do not live here. It's a shame, because there is so much potential for this place, but, in the end, it falls well short.
1	West 6th was the worst apartment and most expensive complex I lived in during my time as a student at ASU. The building was a bankrupt project that used to be known as Centerpoint. It was eventually completed and opened as West 6th and it has a long list of problems. Elevators are one consistent issue in this building and that's a BIG problem when you only have 3 elevators serving over 20 floors per tower and 4 levels of underground parking. There were multiple instances where the building was down to one elevator, including the day I had to move out!The biggest disaster during the two years I lived at W6 was when a pipe broke a caused massive flood damage from the 8th floor down. This all occurred the week of my college graduation and I was displaced for 6 days. Even when I was able to move back in, the effects of the water damage only augmented the mechanical issues that this building has that never seem to be resolved. When you go to management for answers or with an issue they simply brush it off, they never offer any good will to their residents. To them, it's not a place that you call home, it's a business and they do not care. It's loud, full of mechanical issues, you're helpless when you're dissatisfied, and it's expensive. I highly recommend looking elsewhere.
5	Just moved here from the east coast and I'm loving it!! This place Is crazy awesome, the jacuzzi and pool are sooo sweet and the game room with pool tables , movie theater with lazy boy chairs for private movie night , what!!! Come on the list goes on and on , 5 tanning beds, steam room in the woman's locker room and if that's not enough views that make me say ahhhhhh, no more snow for me. Yes this place is expensive but if you look at all the perks it evens out , like for example the cable and internet are included in rent ( unless you want extra channels more than just basic cable then you have to pay extra) . No gym membership needed the gym is gorgeous, they even have the stair machine with the revolving stairs that I luv,  a private yoga area and a weight room made for getting buff. Let's not forget about the scenery and I'm not just talking the about the mountain views. Mill ave is only a block from my apartment and is a great place to hang out drink and eat. I could go on and on!!! Awesome place!
5	I read the reviews before we moved in (July 2013), and had to admit I was a little concerned about some of the things I read. Still, it was a step up from our previous place and cheaper to boot.I have experienced none of the concerns that others have complained about. I find the management to be professional and responsible. I did hear a few residents complaining about one of the female managers and how she imposes BS fines for minor stuff, but I have not personally experienced any of that.So far, I have met and made friends with other residents as a direct result of community events the management puts on. Maintenance is responsive, professional and friendly and everything seems to be kept clean. The elevators are slow at times, but never to the point where it has become a problem.We had a neighbor above us who was very loud 0-typical rowdy college stuff. But we could only hear them when they were on the balcony. After witnessing a bottle being thrown off their balcony and reporting them, I am happy to say they no longer live here.My children love living here and have made a few friends in the building as well. From what I can tell, some of the negative reviews happened under different management. So, listen to the naysayers with a grain of salt.
5	I have lived at West Sixth for almost 1 year. The staff has been great and responsive to any issues I have had. Frankly there have been no negative things to comment about. The location is perfect.... close to light rail and restaurants, bars or any fun place you want. The energy of ASU is great and on a football game day it is the best!I live in Tower one and have great views of the surrounding valley. The amenities I really enjoy are the health club, awesome pool and hot tub (jumbotron is awesome at the pool) as well as the sense of community with friends I have made this year. Also there are multiple families here with kids like me so that is very cool.Every month there are fun events in the building sponsored by local restaurants too.It is an apartment with lots of units and I am sure quite a challenge to manage at time but I am very happy with my decision to move here and plan to renew my lease. I have alsoi recommended it to a few friends as well.
1	I have never thought about writing a negative review in my life, but this apartment is extremely appalling that made me want to let everyone know.I have been here for a year now. Heard about W6 because some friends used to live here. Despite their terrible comments on the management, I still thought about giving it a shot. But, I ABSOLUTELY REGRET making this decision. Tower two has more than 30 stories with three elevators; however, for 99% of the time, only two elevator works. 50% of the time, only ONE elevator works! It has been at least 5 days now with only one elevator working. If you need the elevator, you have to wait for at least 10minutes! For some reason, there hasn't been hot water for a few days. Apparently some other units are experiencing no cold water, so I literally have no idea what is going on! You can report a million times about different issues to the office and they'd say they will fix it, BUT they never or for the most, things get fixed after a week. The walls between apartments are extremely thin (not much better from the ordinary dorm rooms). I can ALWAYS hear my neighbor's music! And being the unfortunate one, he plays music whenever he's at home. So, I pretty much know his schedule back to back now after a year of living here... If you are a dedicated full-time student, couples, or families that want somewhere peaceful to live in, THIS IS NOT A PLACE FOR YOU! Very lastly as a side note, If you are a PARTY ANIMAL, CIGARETTE OR WEED SMOKER, this is a place for you! Management team doesn't care about this place being a low-class apartment at all. It's pretty ironic because the apartment itself looks amazing and the rent is very expensive (which is suppose to mean that the quality of living should be great); however, the management and living lifestyle is terrible! This is the worst apartment I have ever lived in!
4	As much as I love this complex I have to underrate it from a full 5 star not because the staff hasn't done a good job but the building was built and forced to use sub standard materials and was a paused project for a few years that caused lots of issues with things like piping, elevators and HVAC. It's still the best high rise living in Tempe but can be a bit of a frustration at times. 5 stars to the office team though.
1	Major issues, I would avoid signing a long lease here. All three elevators barely work at the same time in tower 2, windows go months sometimes longer without being cleaned (so much for the nice views) and most units have been having hot/cold and water pressure issues for nearly half of the year. Management is out of their depth with the complexities of the building and inundated with service requests to properly address all of the issues. Save your money, pay premium rent at other properties that are well ran.
5	My boyfriend and I have loved living here. He is a business professional and I am a senior studying biology, so we have been very pleased that we never hear any noise from other apartments or outside from Mill. Sometimes it seems like we are the only ones living on our floor which is great. The view we have from our apartment is unlike any other. Our apartment is very small but since there is an entire wall of glass, it makes it seem larger and more comfortable. The amenities are very nice as well. We have had a few minor maintenance issues but W6 has a quick and great maintenance team so they are usually fixed within one business day of our request. The security guards are very kind and do a great job of making us feel safe. The location could not be better for walking to ASU's campus and to Mill. We would definitely recommend living at W6 and are very sad to have to leave this amazing place in August.
1	Alright people if you want a good laugh keep reading, if you want the cliff note version... Mold, broken elevators, thugs, terrible mgmt, good/safe are but still has thieves aka DO NOT SIGN A LEASE HERE LOL I'm writing this review an entire year after I moved out of West 6th bc upon my move out of my current apartment it seemed like everything was just a breeze, then I realized it was bc my last move (from w6) was such a JOKE.I moved into W6 the first year that it was open. I lived in tower one in the three bedroom three bath unit, gorgeous 180deg view overlooking Mill Ave/ASU. My friend lived three floors below me in the exact unit and when I was at her place she started telling me about how the ceiling in the master bedroom and the ceiling in the kitchen started dripping water, she said "be careful it's happened to everyone below me, it'll probably start happening to you guys soon." I  informed mgmt that I'd like to get the problem checked out. They suggested I fill out a formal work order online so that it gets checked out... Of course NOTHING gets taken care of. Dec. water started coming out of our ceilings. So I called down and told mgmt they needed to get someone up ASAP. The maintenance guy comes up and PAINTS over it. EVERYONE knows with water comes MOLD! The leak kept coming and every time we would file a work order he would come and paint over it, it wasn't until my roommate and I were moving something's around in her closet when we discovered there was mold growing ALL over her CLOSET, are you effing kidding me?!Unfortunately for us this was when the leasing office wasn't open on Sundays so we found the maintenance guy on duty and all he could do was put a tarp over it, until someone could assess the situation. It was like talking to a WALL with these people. Low and behold what did they find, MOLD! Mold, mold, mold EVERYWHERE and we had to move out of our apartment for TWO MONTHS while our apartment was getting new walls, air quality detection etc. Worst part was mgmt kept lying to us saying "Oh you'll get to move back in this week..." and the contractors told us we'd be out for a WHILE.  We had to stay on the 9th floor in the "suites" where they made us feel COMPLETELY unwelcome. When I went down to the office to ask if someone could please fix the internet, the snobby leasing mgr goes "it works, I set it up, I know, you're clearly doing something wrong" only for her to go up again to find it wasn't working. SO RUDE. While we were displaced we of course didn't have to pay rent but... really that's all that you're going to do for us? Any "high end luxury" apartment complex would go far beyond that to compensate for the things that we had to endure, with hopes to avoid any type of legal action, but not West 6th. After we finally moved back in I was given an notice saying I hadn't paid rent and that what was due had doubled since it had been 60 days since my last payment. LOL I DIDN'T EVEN LIVE THERE! Mgmt does a pretty vigorous future resident screening process, yet they constantly let people in that cannot or should not be living there. For example my first neighbor often threw parties loud into the night, never had a job, and my roommates and I constantly heard loud knocking deep into various nights. We just assumed he was a drug dealer bc he fit the criteria etc. NOPE he actually robs banks, and we discovered that when the SWAT team started breaking down his door, as he was wanted for armed robbery. Mgmt of west sixth; how'd you miss that on your "proof of income" that each one of the residents had to fill out. I don' t think "bank robbing" as an occupation seems fit?Okay moving on to my SECOND neighbor (ps this all happened on the same floor) He was a total partier/druggie. We'd ALWAYS call security on him bc he would knock on our door in the middle of the night after we told him many times we were NOT interested in hangin out. You'd think after hmm I don't know maybe 10 complaints against him, mgmt would do something about it NOPE. But he did eventually move out, and you want to know when it was? When he DIED BC HE OVERDOSED ON HEROIN IN HIS APARTMENT. This part SERIOUSLY disgusts me. Maybe if this kid had gotten EVICTED like he should've his parents would've gotten an idea of how bad his problem was. MGMT HERE SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF THEMSELVES. They DO NOT honor your lease agreements and when you bring it up and fight it they bring their lawyers into it, even when you are in the right. Pipes are EXTREMELY bad bc that building SAT there and then they tried to finish it so quickly they didn't do it the RIGHT way. I was forced to MOVE OUT for a week when a pipe exploded and ruined tower 1 in May 2013, and of course mgmt proved to be assholes, SURPRISE. One of the windows shattered due to heat (and it happens A LOT) they just fail to mention it. And they just left the glass ALL OVER  the "dog park" If you're not waiting for the elevators it's probably bc you're stuck in one LOL. DONT DO IT
1	I moved in 3 years ago when this place was an utopia...6 months in the new management took over and that was the turning point to mega disappointment. I was paying $1400 for 660 square feet ( crazy right ) expecting the best of the best....Turns out the head woman running the place (and her husband)...ssshhh now does not care about standards or rules or repairing the damage as she does not train her staff or security  to the rules and regulations. Also DO NOT move in the West side as the building the as Tempe Fire Department will wake you through the night with their sirens, and the huge mega train, and the garbage is picked up at 4:30 am...course if you live on the east side Mill avenue night clubs will wake you till 2am....The Doorman will fob up anyone after 6 o clock...so if you want a free work out or a swim and Jacuzzi just show up to tower 2 and he will let you in...???? ....hot water.....was a prayer in the morning..and the elevators breakdown 3 times a month....wait till you see the misters by the lounge chairs at the pool..twisted and dripping rusted water...oh and the 300 pound potted plant pulled into the pool and never replaced..Cigarette burns in the lounge chairs...oh and tons of broken glass at the pool...ask about their last 4th of July when they had to shut down the pool with police tape because their crack security teams were not told of the rules of the pool...DO NOT MOVE IN TO WEST 6TH..when i moved out i noticed that all the dollies donated had their tires slashed by disgruntled tenants..so don't ask for a dolly...
1	Yes would not recommend tower 2 facing the GREAT WALL OF CHINA..........claustrophobic....lol....check it out......before you sign......don't forget the Huge honking train 3 times a night.....and the horrible women running the place....don't look into her eyes she  will turn to stone.... and Security guards at $11.75 per hour...so you get what you pay for....with brown polyester and bad English....so wait...... what can you do ??? ......Don't move in......save your money.....want wait for the Cyclopes to be fired....but the owners have no idea....STUPID........
