5	What a thrill! I recommend going on a clear day for the best panoramas in town, and be sure to check out the parrot they have at the airport! They take you up behind a towplane and release the sailplane a few thousand feet above the desert floor -- truly spectacular and very quiet (gliders have no engine). You can buy a gift certificate online or just call them up and go straight to the airport.
5	AMAZING experience!  I did the 5,000ft "Scenic Ride", and it lasted around 51 minutes.  Before takeoff, the instructor goes over the controls and the gauges.  After takeoff, the tow plane took us up to 5,000ft(6600ft above sea level), and the instructor had me pull the release knob to detach from the tow plane.  Once the instructor leveled out the glider, he encouraged me to take the controls and fly!  He instructed me on turns and use of the rudder, and how to catch the "thermal pockets" to gain altitude.  The views were amazing, and I ended up flying the glider until about 10 seconds before landing, at which point the instructor took over and landed it safely back at the airport.I highly recommend this for anyone looking for a thrill, great views, and a great lifetime experience!  I would absolutely do this again!
5	My wife and I received a gift card for a ride with Turf Soaring, and it was awesome. My wife did the 5,000-foot scenic ride and enjoyed taking the controls and piloting the craft.  I did the 4,000-foot aerobatic flight, and it was among the most fun activities I've done (up there with racing cars, motorcycles, sky-diving, and parasailing). For the aerobatic flight, you need to don a parachute before climbing in the cockpit.  After the briefing, we towed up behind the other plane, released, and then the instructor did a series of aerobatics -- starting with a roll and a loop, and then a cloverleaf (loop with a 90-degree turn).  Then i took the controls and got to fly, which was fun. I had the option of continuing to fly or turning over the controls for more stunts, so I chose B. We then did a roll, a half-roll (flying upside down for a lot longer than i thought we would!), and my personal favorite, a hammerhead... basically diving steeply to gather speed, then climbing vertically until just before stall, and then peeling off left and diving again.  On many times through the flight, i felt my face flapping under the g-forces (we hit about 4 G's), and felt more like a fighter-pilot than I ever thought I could.  Extremely fun!  Our instructors were both exceptionally nice, knowledgeable and patient.  We had a blast.
5	Great birthday gift!  Instructor was very knowledgable and answered all my questions.  I would highly recommend Turf Soaring School.
5	Transferring my videos to DVD I came across the video I had taken almost 20 years ago to the day of my visit to Turf. I had friends visiting from Michigan and wanted to give them a memory that would last a lifetime. Turf did so in spades. Myself included, it was a blast. Two of us had James for a pilot. I'm not sure of the pilot our third party had. I know it has been 20 years and I know if I still lived in Phoenix I would have a more updated visit but I cannot express the fun I had that day. Luckily we had video (from the ground) for me to look back fondly at. You have to do this AT LEAST once!
