5	I've been meaning to sing Auto Zone's praises for a while.  I can't get over how helpful everyone is at the one on Central.  When I get a lot of stuff, they even offer to help me to my car, and they're not even fishing for tips.Whenever I go in, the staff are being peppered with questions by people with all sorts of weird car problems.  Not all of the staff are mechanics (maybe none of them are, I don't know), but they are knowledgeable and patient, and they seem to help a lot of people out.They've got an excellent online interface, and if you're going for a bunch of parts, you can order them and pay online, and they'll have the stuff waiting for you when you show up.And best of all, their prices are right.Way to go, Central Avenue Auto Zone!!!!
4	I drive by this AutoZone on a daily basis.  It doesn't look appealing (but then car parts aren't exactly my kinda items to drool over) so I've never stopped in here.  This past weekend my car decided to have 2 burnt headlights.  I had no choice but to get them replaced (guess after a month of "one headlight" I finally have no option left... hey hey, I like that "one headlight" song ok??).  Being a typical chick, I didn't even bother to look for anything in there myself.  I went to the counter and was helped promptly.  Besides a brief moment of WTF when he told me it's  $99 EACH, which I told him I bought it before for way less, he found the bulbs for my car for $25 a pair (good try buddy on the up-sell, but damnnnn, $100 a piece?!).  I asked him to pleaseeee put them in for me.  They didn't charge for labor, which in itself was worth the wait.  So I doubt the guy was master mechanic, but you know what, he got the job done, it was affordable, and I no longer have to worry about Popo.  I will be back again... considering how often stupid Volvo burns through headlights!
4	Due to it proximity to my residence, I frequent this Autozone alot.  They have all your car needs.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  There is plenty of parking.  What else is needs to be said?  Go here for car stuff!
5	I was in need of a battery for my Volkswagen Jetta TDI.  AutoZone is close to my house, so, I figured if I got the wrong type, I could return it easily.The man at the counter was polite and helpful.  He did not treat me as a "mechanically challenged female."  He offered to install my battery if I brought my car to the store, but I had help at home.  He did carry my battery to the car for me.I don't frequent auto part stores, but, if this had been a clothing boutique,  I would frequent it often.  In fact, some fancy-schmancy stores could learn big lessons in customer service from this gentleman.  He even gave me a rewards card.  If my head lights burn out, I won't hesitate to return.
