4	First time I have been to this establishment.  The food is very delicious.  You can order a la carte, however there's an all you can eat option for $22 where everything on the menu is available for all you can eat.  All the sushi is made fresh behind the sushi bar, none of it is pre-made.  The value of it is phenomenal and there is a large variety of choices.  I went for a lot of sushi choices that I never seen at other sushi restaurants.  Items I ate were the following: seaweed salad, sunomono salad w/ tako, BBQ Salmon roll, Hot & Sexy Cajun roll, Japanese Lasagna Roll, Supreme Albacore roll, Volcano Roll and ice cream (small scoop of all 4 flavors they offer) for dessert.  Keep in mind all those items are part of the all you can eat, all that food for $22... a great value and it all tasted very good.  The environment is very pleasant.  You have the option of sitting at a table or sitting at the counter in front of the sushi bar so you can watch them make your order.The people were very friendly and were quick to clear the empty dishes I created so I had more space.  Also when I was finished she asked if I wanted any dessert and I was glad to go for the ice cream.  I never really tried any of the four flavors they offered so I asked if I could get a small scoop of each and she was happy to do it.  I highly recommend this place and am intending to revisit this place before I leave Vegas to head back home to LA.  Now I have to find a place like this in LA that is hopefully near where I live.
4	Last day in Vegas before I head back home and went back with my family for dinner.  I had wanted something light so ordered off the regular menu instead of doing the all you can eat thing.I had seaweed salad, age dashi tofu (off appetizer menu) and Veggie Udon.  Despite the udon being on the lunch menu, they were kind enough to allow me to order it anyway.It was quite good and the soup was bigger than I had thought.  The seaweed salad was good and I enjoyed it.  The tofu was cooked properly and not overcooked at all.  It came with a nice and light dipping sauce.  It was good enough that my step-mom had to order one for herself after trying a piece of mine.The veggie udon was good and plentiful.  I personally would prefer more vegetables in the soup but there was a good amount and plenty of noodles.One other thing I wanted to add, even though I didn't have any tonight.  My family was taking part of the all-you-can-eat sushi and I was noticing that unlike other all-you-can-eat sushi places I've tried in my life, the chef at Fuji San doesn't skimp on the fish and load up on the rice.  They were getting nice sizes of meat in their rolls.  Just wanted to add that as I noticed it while they were eating and remembering how other places tend to load up on rice to fill you up.I have to say I need to make it a point to come back to this place the next time I make it out to vegas.
5	I was looking for a place near my job at the time where i can get some sushi since i was craving it so badly. I ordered a simple Rainbow Roll and Dragon Roll to go and was surprised by the size of the roll. I was so used to going to Sushi Mon or Ra sushi, where they stuff a little more than needed Imitation crab meat to make the rolls look bigger, that when i saw the size of this roll, i thought i was being scammed. However, there was a nice balance between the rice, veggies and fish that it was pleasantly enjoyable. So i recommended the family to go here for dinner on another day and we did the AYCE special for lunch. They were surprised at the quality of the fish and the fact that you got smaller rolls so you can enjoy more variety than be stuffed with imitation meat. You are allowed to order half rolls if you aren't sure if you'd like it or not. Their appetizers menu is part of the AYCE special as well. This was were i tried one of my very first baked rolls! My first thought was..."uh...baked? as in hot sushi rolls?"...and i must say it was to die for. It was a California roll with scallops baked with cream cheese on the top and dressed with yum yum sauce. it literally melted in my mouth! The staff is attentive and helping with any questions you might have. I frequent here with the family once in a while. If you haven't been here yet, I'd give it a go. Don't forget to try their baked rolls, some awesome stuff!!!!
5	We love fuji san!  It is family owned and Yani is the one waitress there everyday.  She is quick, remembers what you order when you come back a couple times and very friendly.  The sushi is great and fresh.  We moved to the southwest and have tried some sushi places out here but we still make the 20 minutes drive to fuji san when we want AYCE sushi.
5	Great fresh food! All you can eat lunch 18.95 dinner 21.95. Red snapper super fresh and delish, Cindy the owner is very pleasent.Service is wonderful! Can't wait to go back!
3	This is usually one of my favorite sushi places to hit up for the AYCE special, however my frequent visit here last week didn't have me leaving there impressed as usual. I decided to go there for lunch with my dad, and it wasn't the best experience. The moment we were seated, the waitress was persistent. We haven't had the chance to really look at the menu and she was already asking for orders. I usually like to order two things at a time, but she was constantly asking if we wanted to order more. Seriously? the service lacked major that day. But aside from the service, some of the sushi rolls weren't that great. The baked rolls as usual were good, also the shrimp tempura was great as always. You could tell the sashimi on top the Rainbow roll was frozen, that semi frozen semi thawed texture didn't do good for that roll. And the rice seemed semi dry. This was a bummer since this is a place i like to frequent, but hopefully this was just a wack day for them!On the plus side tho, they do have Punch Cards now!
4	Great, friendly and fast service. It could just be we lucked out and only had one other party there dining in but nonetheless, I would definitely recommend this place. There is an all you can eat for $25 with a 2 dish max per order. After being satisfied off 2 rolls (1 shrimp tempura roll and 1 Tiger roll) I was glad I didn't get the all you can eat :). My daughter had 2 miso soups and a Cali roll. Total was only $27.51, not too bad. I definitely recommend this place.
5	It's hard for me to find an AYCE sushi bar that still retains the quality of fish that like, this restaurant has succeeded. We sat at the bar and the fish was really good and the service was excellent. Wide AYCE variety with good size portions. I had a great experience here and I hope you do too when you visit thus place.
3	You can get some seriously good ayce at this joint. It's good, clean, and when the entire menu is ayce--you can't go wrong. I like  the fact that its in a strange place.  I also like the fact that it's a female sushi San.Try this place and you'll be pleasantly surprised.
4	Just tried this place after lookin here on Yelp. Good littlevspot tucked back  in what seems a dead plaza.Fish was great and awesome service. On par with Oyshi and better than Kobe. This Was the first time I had a woman prepare my rolls as well and she was very good a quick.If you like hole in the wall spots this is a good one.
4	My hubby and I love this place. The owner/operators are sisters and very nice. We go for the All You can Eat Sushi. They give nice portions of fish to rice. They remember what we have had before. One of our favorites is shrimp lovers. But I really haven't had much I didn't enjoy. Gyoza and tempura appetisers are good as well.Fuji San is tucked away in a strip mall that's quiet. Don't let it fool you, the food isgood.
1	I gave this sushi place a try, since it's around Summerlin(where I live). It was a to-go order. The sushi were not well made. They rolls don't look presentable. One of the rolls I got is a salmon roll. To my surprise, the salmon is cooked not fresh.
