4	The complex is really well kept and the agents are very helpful.  They are also pretty good with residents' needs for repairs.  They usually do the repairs within a day. I highly recommend the place.  It's safe and close to whatever you are gonna need: supermarkets, the strip, shopping centers, etc.
5	Everyone that works here is fabulous! The apartments are quiet and convenient to everything including the freeway. Plus they gave us a free 26" tv with our lease. Bonus!!!
3	I REALLY LIKE IT HERE.. the pools are pretty , the grass is nice for the dogs, and the landscaping is always pretty. BUT i live in apartment that has the LOUDEST AIR CONDITIONER EVER!!! When we first moved it they said it was a design flaw and we had already signed our lease! .We have been dealing with it , but it doesnt stay cool in the apartment ., it sounds like a jet engine kicks on every 10 min. With it being summer this air conditioner is none stop. Im writting because If i would of heard the air before I moved it I WOULDNT OF MOVED IT. you have to turn your tv up,,, tv down, tv up, tv down!!! its terrible. I HOPE THEY FIX IT. I WOULD GIVE 5 STARS... but with this being a problem. 3
4	I Feel Like a KIng Here! Great service . . . but the HVAC sounds like a 747!! Killer  Dude
2	For $925 for a one-bedroom, I'd expect a little better.  HVAC is indeed very, very loud... electric applicances are cheap and ineffective, storage space is inadequete for even one person... I would just expect more when you pay as much as I do.Facility is nice, pools are nice.. staff seems to care... but I'd rather save a few bucks and stay across the street at Park Villas.
3	If I could give 2.5 stars i would have. I've lived here for almost a year and though the apartment and ground are indeed very nice, I do have some pretty serious complaints. As everyone else has said, the AC is VERY LOUD!! You do have to turn up the volume on the TV. Volume goes up, down, up, down, up, down...drives you crazy. It makes it hard to talk on the phone too.After being here a few months, all of a sudden my cable went out. Well, I called Cable and after several workmen had come and taken a look, I was told that most likely the people either above or below me, tried to steal my cable and ended up cutting me off. The office staff offended two of the cable men and then refused to fix the problem, saying that it would take cutting into the wall and looking at the wires in all three apartments and they weren't allowed to do that. Needless to say, I had to move my TV. I've heard from several different companies that the wiring in these buildings is all bad and there are constant problems. I asked the office to at least check the apartments upstairs and downstairs to see if they had indeed tried to steal my cable and even though they said they checked and didn't find anything, I spoke to the people downstairs and was told nobody from the office ever checked.The appliances in the apartments are not great. My fridge causes so much condensation, most of my leftovers get ruined. The stove will tell you it's reach the desired temperature, but my thermometer says there's a 200 degree difference. I always clean off my dishes by hand, so I can't say how good the dishwasher is. I've always had to use community washer and dryers, but my apartment has its own full size washer and dryer, that is so convenient, I can't really complain about them.My biggest complaint is with the customer service, if you have a complaint. I can't ever hear the neighbors that live next to me, but I do hear every stomp of the kid upstairs and even though I've complained to the office 3 times about his unusually loud stomping around and I've talked to him directly 3 separate times, the office has never done anything about it. I'm pretty sure he's up there playing a wii or some other game and it literally rattles my windows and makes my ceiling fan shake. Also, the covered spaces are for tenants only, with parking permits ( only 1 per apartment, no matter how many rooms you have ) but parking is never enforced. Tenants let guests park in covered spaces ALL THE TIME. I really wouldn't mind so much, if I didn't have a disability that makes it very painful to walk. I always make sure my guests park in uncovered spaces. I hoped my neighbors would be just as conscientious, but apparently they are not.The other issue I have is with the crickets. They are everywhere and are somehow getting into my apartment and I have to spray every month or more and even then I still end up sharing my apartment with them. I also had roaches for a short while, I think because my downstairs neighbors moved out, but that luckily only last a short while. YUCK! I'm a very clean person, who never leaves out food, so that was really gross.Another reviewer said there were granite counter tops, not true, at least in my apartment. It's just some kind of laminate, that looks like granite. I do like the tubs/showers, as they are very big and easy to clean. I really like the layout of my apartment and large size with a great view of the pool. My apartment has a handy built-in desk. There are built-in selves in some apartments with window seats, which look really nice. There are built-in shelves in the shower. I suggest buying a new shower head though, cause the ones they have are not great. Water pressure is OK and the water heaters are very large. My electric bill is rather high in the summer, for an apartment. I would think it's even worse on the top floors. They have community events that usually involve free food. You can pay your rent online, which is handy if you forget and the office is closed, but there is a fee associated with the online payments. Pets are allowed, but I was told they really don't do anything if you have a dog living next to you with separation anxiety.Maintenance is also an issue. I don't like maintenance coming into my apartment without covering their shoes and have asked on multiple occasions to make sure maintenance wears booties in my apartment, but many times when they show up, they don't have them. I have to keep bags by the doors and I know that if I'm not home, they aren't going to bother to put them on. Many times I've vacuumed the carpet before they've come and have found bootprints on the carpet. Also, if you have two baths they refuse to come to your apartment after hours to help you with a maintenance emergency, so whatever is wrong has to stay that way until well into the next day. While this place is very pretty, there are drawbacks that would keep me from living in another Picerne property.
1	Stay away from this place!!!. Its a nice place, especially their different floor plans. I chose to live in the town homes. At first I felt like I was at home when I first moved in until I started getting warnings from my neighbors how much the landlord fines and complains about everything. The management wont accept  rent unless its all in full. They force you to be late so they can get there fees and legal fees etc. They don't even have a rent  drop box, so the tenants can actually pay on time. If you choose to pay online they will charge a $60 fee on top of your rent. The management are rude! When I surrendered my lease, which I never wanted to do, the lady in the office wanted to change the reason why I wanted to move out. SMH!!!This place is such a disappointment because it is very beautiful. SMH. If your rent is $1400 and you're short $50 they wont accept it. I search for places and before I moved in here I checked the yelp reviews about this place and it was all bad, but I was stubborn and I moved into this place anyways.... I should've trusted the reviews. Also you can hear your next door neighbors conversation because the walls are very very thin... Make sure to whisper at all times, because if I can hear my next doors business, they can definitely hear mine.If you have visitors with dogs, beware cause you will get fine for it too. It looks expensive but the quality of their cabinets etc. are all cheap!!! The AC is loud as hell!!! I can also hear my neighbor walking up and down the stairs from my bottom master bedroom and hearing them talk... I'd rather live in a better place with better management...RUN AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!!!This place doesn't care about their tenants, all they want is your money and they don't care if you surrender or break your lease because it's how they're getting paid.... When you break or surrender your lease, make sure you have over $8K to pay, or your credit is ruined.
