2	The baguette had a great texture, but the flavor wasn't there.  I wasn't a big fan of the macarons either (but I don't know what good macarons taste like...).  The croissant was good, but I've had better.Good seating area upstairs though.
2	walked in the store for some easy no frills food and i got was expensive food that was not terrible but i had better.I had the Dolce-vita sandwich that was mostly mustard flavor, bread was really hard but had great flavor. NOt a lot of meat on the sandwches..All 5 of my friends said the same thing..expensive food thats barely mediocre..maybe it was the day, slow day for them...
4	my fiancee and i came here for some french baked goods.. their almond croissant was a bit heavy for me.. their sandwiches were pretty damn tasty though as the bread is absolutely delicious.. i also recommend checking out their sweet potato soup which was quite good
3	I was walking up Rue Peel looking for a place suggested to me by a friend.  Suddenly, a smokin hot chick rossed my path and went into this place.  I thought for a moment, 'maybe smokin hot chick knows a really good place for breakfast. Maybe smokin hot chick and I can strike up a meaningful conversation, fall madly in love with each other, and be together forever?'     Not wanting to tempt fate and avoid ruining the happy delusion my brain had concocted, I entered. I asked the girl behind the counter about breakfast.  She told me I had to go upstairs.  Meanwhile, smokin hot chick quickly got a coffee and quickly walked out. My happy delusion crushed, I slowly walked up the stairs of solitude and inquired about breakfast again to the lady behind that counter.  She explained the specials, and I ordered it.  A croissant with ham and cheese and vegetables, a side of something and a beverage.  (I went with coffee and bowl of fruit.) Total was ten and change. The fruit was obviously canned, the croissant was cold Despite being squashed in a panini press.  The coffee was pretty good. AND I wasn't gonna live happily ever after with hot chick.      It was just an ok meal. I didn't however try their bread, which looked very good. So that might redeem it if you go.
5	Great service, awesome croissants, and  very interesting cheeses. I dumped like 30 $ there on a 10 minutes visit. Would totally do it again. The flower market across the street gave the place a real Parisian feel.
4	Love the sandwiches here -. Just baked french bread, your choice of cheese and some great meats or spreads. My preference is the Turkey sandwich. In the summer, I will pick up a sandwich and head over to Stanley park and eat it outside. Also lots of great pastries for breakfast.... or snack or even for desert. I always pick up a few things before I drive back home to Toronto. There are multiple locations around Montreal but this is centrally located if you in the downtown core. A great stop for a light  meal or breakfast.Highly recommended for a quick bite...
5	Another of my go-to places for artisanal bread if and when I'm in the downtown area. Their baguette 36 heures is the real deal and their pain brioche is just buttery,calorie -dense wonderful, but at $6.25 you might want to watch the scarfing down. Their pastries are also just to -die- for fat heaven, but lately I seem to have lost the craving for French pastry, when it should hit me again, hello delicious calories and damn the cost(s)!
3	got two chocolate croissants and 1 mini cake..  If i'm paying 2-3 dollar for a croissants at least enough chocolate for taste.
5	After strolling the nearby McGill campus, my kid and I were hungry for lunch, so we popped in here for a light bite. I ordered a sandwich with goat cheese and veggies: I forget the name, but it was quite good (if not a tad plain), along with an iced coffee. My kid ordered a croissant. We went upstairs to eat, and the gal behind the counter upstairs prepared my coffee drink (which was excellent). The best thing we ordered was the croissant. It was superb. Extremely fresh and light and flaky and buttery (but not in a greasy way). Makes me want to go back and try their other bakery goods.It was nice to go upstairs and sit along the window and watch the hustle and bustle and the people of the city below.
4	This place has been my one of my go to spots ever since my first visit to Montreal. This spot is located on the main hub of activity and serves as a great alternate to bring something to your hotel room or a very good snack for your trip. I really like their baked good especially the croissants and palmiers. This trip was no exception I grabbed a Turkey sandwich for the trip back (on a croissant of course :) and a apricot and cheese danish for dessert. the dessert are the right amount of sweet and hit the spot for me.  People seated next to me on the trip back were envious and I ate till my heart was content. If you are leaving from downtown for your trip back this is a great option (other being the atwater location as the highway exit quite close)
4	Just a step from where we stayed while in town, we were so happy with pastries for breakfast we retuned for lunch. The coissant, and chocolate pastry were superb. I loved the turkey & brie sandwich with cranberry & onions!
5	Booyah!!!  This patisserie in the middle of downtown was one of the highlights of my trip to Montreal. Nothing beats authentic homemade french breads and desserts. I loved it so much, I made two trips in two days. I had a chocolate eclair, chocolate muffin and a mini croissant. My mom had fruit tarte, lemon tarte, almond croissant and tarte aux fine pomme. DELICIOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!! They also have breads, quiche, sandwiches, coffee and other amazing pastries.  The service is fast and friendly. C'est excellente!!
4	This is a regular haunt for me & my family. While my favorite is the Brioche Au Sucre it  is far from all I enjoy there.With my sweet tooth I favor the sweet treats. Mom loves the Lemon tart, but like me will also enjoy the almond croissant and other danishes or tarts.I love to go when it is really quiet then I can get a seat upstairs and people watch.
5	By far the most delicious almond croissant I ever had. Crispy on the outside, soft and tasty almond filling in the inside. So good, you won't regret it! Also tried their chocolate almond croissant, it's taste even better, but you need to go early for that, those sell out quickly. Their macaroons are lovely too, not overly sweet but packed with great flavour
4	the confidence was the best! I think it's one of their most famous dessert and it's definitely worth the hype. It looks like a giant macaron, but I think it tastes much better. It's crispy and chewy and  has an awesome filling. The chocolate raspberry one is a must try! There's a little cafe upstairs where you can enjoy their baked goods as well as a cup of hot coffee. :)
4	Got the box of 6 mini macaroons & a cranberry pastry.  Thought that the cranberry pastry tasted a bit stale, but the macaroons were delicious.  Would def go back to try some other things here.
5	4.8... can always be better but clearly my favourite croissants in Montreal so far!buttery, tasty, fluffy... almost perfect!!!PS: I didn't try anything else there (nothing looks really appealing to me... perhaps just a personal feeling because of the display of boulangerie and salads and macarons so close to each other)
4	This is an adorable little place to grab a quick breakfast. I had the grilled baguette with butter and raspberry jam, and a cappuccino. My Sweetheart had the Sicilian Panini with coffee and we split a pan au chocolat. Everything was delicious and fresh and the service was charming!
4	To be honest the Parisian style Macaroons, while good, were not great, and were certainly surpassed by their Almond and "plain" (classic butter) Croissants in quality. And those Croissants were DELICIOUS! great flaky textures and the Almond was the best ever. My recommendation is to buy at least two so that you will have one for later because they too good to postpone the enjoyment of eating one immediately.Service is friendly and efficient, prices are reasonable.
