5	The food at their new cafe is amazing, A co worker had taken me there for lunch today, and the food is great. All the wonderful comments I had heard about the Chef are true. Food portion is great, prices are excellent, and staff is as friendly as it can get. I will be back often. The word I can best use to describe the Philly steak sandwich would have to be "SUCCULENT".
4	Divine Cafe had me the second I read "RED VELVET BELGIAN WAFFLE" on their menu. Unfortunately, it didn't live up to my expectations. I was thinking it would be a magical cakey, sweet mix with crisp edges. But, it just tasted like any other waffle. The only thing that screamed "red velvet" was its bright red appearance.Luckily there are other dishes that make this place worth visiting. The chicken tacos were topped with a chipotle sauce, black beans, and pineapple slaw and were enveloped in wonderfully crisp house-made tortillas.The "big-ass roast beef hoagie" is a large portion of tender slices of beef in a soft, warm hoagie roll. It's a tasty sandwich that's topped with provolone, lettuce, tomatoes, red onions, mayo and a red wine vinaigrette. It's also accompanied by some amazingly delicious fries.The chicken salad sandwich was good but the bread was dry and hard. Their chocolate chip cookie is ridiculously large and a great value at $1.25 but tasted too sugary and gritty for my tastes.Divine Cafe is located in an industrial park (in a building that also houses their catering service) off of Valley View, just north of Sunset. While their food can be hit or miss, it's a better lunch option than many other spots in the area.3.5 Stars
4	The breakfast options are what got me - the Creme Bruele French Toast was enough for two of us to split and the sausage that was with it wasn't sweet which was nice. The staff was really quick in taking my phone order and getting it ready for me. Definitely a gem in an industrial area where they wasn't much.
5	Simply Divine. Went to lunch here with a friend yesterday. We were warmly greeted. you order at the counter. They bring the food to your table. they have so many great choices. Something for everyone. I had the turkey meatloaf. It was enough food for 3 people. It was Delicious. I took a lot to go. I had also the cranberry chicken salad to take home for dinner. it was fantastic. My friend had the tuna melt and she loved it. I can't wait to go back and try something else.
3	This place is ok. Very few selections of food, but their Creme Brulee French Toast is DiVine. Crispy exterior with a very soft and fluffy interior. Yum! Their Red Velvet Belgian Waffle is good too. They top it nicely with powdered sugar, whipped cream, and fresh berries.The place has this nice little interior. If you're looking for a SMALL quiet place to grab some good breakfast alone, or for two. I'd love to go back and try the rest of their selections (which would be a good opportunity for a new star rating update).However, other competitive breakfast joints provide a lot more pros as far as offerings than Divine does. So this place has me comparing things from other places, and I still feel like I can go elsewhere for the same things. Their service was great. The nice attendant was very accommodating for my very picky mother. So she explained what comes with the Red Velvet Belgian Waffle, and offered to put them in the side for her. Thank you nice lady.Also, keep in mind, that they do cater and do event planning. Judging by their website, it seems like their catering and event planning business is more top notch than their little cafe. So if you are looking for a good business to service your wedding or any occasion, try to consider DiVine. They might leave you more satisfied.
5	I'm rounding up; I don't just give out 5 stars all willy nilly! So it's a 4.5 or 4 but the service was so great that I had to give them the bump! This is a very sweet little cafe, smack  dab in the middle of a industrial business park. What it lacks in exterior charm it makes up for inside. It is a surprisingly cozy and homey atmosphere. The service was definitely one of the highlights of our breakfast. Our server was incredibly warm and charming. I honestly would have bought anything from her. She was certainly the type that could sell snow to an Eskimo; cute, bubbly, witty, but not cloyingly so.The food, was pretty simple, but very done well. We had the french toast, turkey bacon, a waffle, and the eggs scrambled with spinach, mushrooms, chicken, and cheese...yeah we're fat kids. Everything was delicious. Potatoes were perfectly crisp, the eggs were cooked just right, and the french toast was perfectly sweet. Our server gave us 3 buy one entree get the 2nd free coupons and took one entree off our bill, because we ordered so much food (see 'fat kid' comment above.) It was a very thoughtful gesture, that was much appreciated.Overall I would say if Divine cafe is not too out of the way, you should most certainly make it your new go to breakfast place, I know I will!!!
5	i'm so glad this place is right by work!!! went there for the first time today - got their blackened mahi mahi with asparagus and brown rice and it was yummm!!! decent food selection, great service, the cafe area is warm and cozy looking. love their blackboard menu - really cute. very cute place in a very industrial looking area. will update as i try more on their menu. i'll be back for sure!
5	This place is right by my job. My coworker and I have either gone here or ordered from here (yes, they deliver!) 5 times in the last two weeks. That's when we discovered this little gem. The service is just as good as the food is. Reasonably priced food, great quality and flavor. Plus, they have a frequent diner card.The sweet potato fries are awesome and so are the sweet potato tots. I'd also recommend the blackened mahi mahi. But, the signature sliders have been my absolute favorite. Then again, I've enjoyed everything I've had there. This is definitely my go-to lunch spot. There aren't many places where you can grab a great lunch and be in and out in under an hour.
5	We just hosted my sister's bridal shower, and I was, of course, in charge of the food. Time crept up on me, and the food was pushed to the end of the to-do list. A friend told me about Divine Events and I immediately gave them a call. The staff was so helpful and made the whole process a breeze. Thanks to them, we had amazing, fresh food at a very important event for my sister. I will definitely be using them again, and recommend them to anyone I know. THANK YOU SO MUCH.
1	I've been here a bunch of times. Usually the food is good but the service is super slow. On this particular day I ordered a chicken sandwich. I ordered it at 1130 and my sandwich came out at 1225, finally!!Every time I've been here I've ordered the chicken sandwich because it's good. This time I did the same thinking no problems and it's good. We were the only people on the place when we sat down. So we sat down with two kids and two adults and they brought us chip and dip (good start). They took our order and then a minute or two later two more people came in and took their time ordering. We waited and waited and at 12 after the other patrons received their orders and were almost done my husband went up and asked where our food was. The waiter said oh I'll check on it. After checking he came to our table with my husband's order. He said the chicken sandwich will be out in a minute or two. We waited my husband finished his sandwich and we asked again where is my freaking sandwich. The waiter said 'oh I'm not sure I'll ask again'. Sorry but you should be on top of this!! He came back and said it will be out in a little over 10 minutes. Mind you it's now 1215 and I ordered at 1130. He then came out and said 'they forgot to make yours and then they were out of chicken and then they had to butcher a chicken and that's why it's taking so long.' If I would have known this 20-30 minutes ago I would have ordered something else! Finally my food came out and he said it was free since we had to wait so long. A few things... 1 I understand the kitchen messes up sometimes, but our waiter should have been paying attention especially since we were his only table! 2 where the hell was the owner or manager? Well she came by to say how cute my baby was but never came back to explain the problem or apologize. 3 55 minutes is entirely too long to wait for a sandwich! I'm so disappointed. I probably won't be back again!
1	This place has taken a complete 180. Used to be really good and had a wonderful wait staff. It is now terribly inconsistent in food preparation and quality. The new wait staff sum up as just plain horrible!! I just picked up a to go order that was missing items and was made completely different than the last time. That will be my last meal at that place.  I give them 6 months and they will be gone!
2	Great service really ave. food. City Life loved the 5 napkin burger-just an ave burger w/ a cold bun.  The beni was just melted butter. I won't be back-the outlaw burger @rollin smoke is still the winner for over the top burger.
5	I wanted something not in the Hotels to have breakfast at.  What a treat.  Very gourmet with a great menu and reasonably priced.  I went there twice on my trip!  I liked it a lot.  I'll be there next time I'm in Vegas.
4	I was in a hurry 2 weeks ago, in between Business appointments in the Valley view area, and I stopped in because of convenience. And I am Glad I did.What a Pleasant  surprise! Wonderful menu choices and Good Prices! for a Lunch time Rush, the service was friendly and quick! Located in a Commercial Business Stripbut well worth the stop!  They also have availability to host events after hours.
5	Divine Cafe is truly befitting of it's name. Wonderfully fresh ingredients help create their many variations on lunchtime staples. This stuff is made-to order, and it most certainly has the "from scratch" appeal. The prices are affordable and the service is friendly. When you dine-in, you're greeted with a basket of tasty homemade chips and a dip that's delightful. A word to the wise, if you're in a hurry and looking to take-out, it may be to your advantage to call ahead. They take what their serve seriously, so the wait for a sandwich can be longer than one would expect and more importantly longer than you have time for during your lunch hour.
4	I have had their food on several occasions, both at catered events and at their cafe' and it is really good!!  Just as some of the other reviews state, service in the cafe' can be a little on the slower side sometimes.  Not sure if that's a kitchen issue or a wait staff issue.  Never slow at a catered event.  Always plenty of food available.  Even tray passed hor' dourves (which is where a lot of caterers skimp) are constantly available at the events I've attended that Divine is catering.
