3	Smart City had a pretty good location in Old Town.  You can walk easily up to the Castle, Royal Mile, Grassmarket/Cowgate and Parliament.  It's also about a 10 minute walk from Waverly station.The actual amenitiies were pretty good and got the job done but no 'wow factor' really.  One of the guys in our room set some kind of record for snoring stamina which we could've done without.  It actually caused four of us to wake up and crash in another room at 4:30 AM.  Also out of our room the second night, the other people in there were all longer term residents who had been there for weeks and were looking for work in the city instead of other people traveling around Europe to hang out with.Overall, the price was very reasonable though and the bathrooms, towels, beds were very clean so I'd stay there again.
4	I thought this hostel was pretty good.  It's clean, has a modern look, and the rooms are very habitable.  There's free wifi, and plenty of space downstairs to hang out, shoot pool, or cook your own meal.  There's a bar too, though I didn't get anything from there.  The location is pretty good, it's right in the middle of old town in the heart of the city.  Easy walk from Waverly.In my room of 8 there were only 4 of us, and there are also 2 toilets and 2 showers.  Nice.  Oh, and towels are provided.One gripe:  there are lockers in the rooms for each bed, but they don't take standard padlocks... the hole is too small.  Come on now, seriously?
4	Gute Lage, nettes Personal. Preise sind i.O. und die Zimmer auch. Das Essen in der Hausbar ist gut und preiswert. Kann dieses Hostel nur empfehlen.
4	We stayed here for 5 days/4 nights as part of a college study abroad trip over the winter holiday break. We ended up in the semi-private rooms of 4, but we all knew each other so it was fine.The room facilities are quite nice, and I'm pretty sure all the equipment is from Ikea. Very modern cheap-chic stylings. Each bed featured a wall socket and l.e.d. nightlight, as well as a pretty generous sized locker. It was large enough to fit carry-on sized luggage into in the main shelf, and enough room for two pairs of shoes in the second shelf. Standard luggage sized locks fit in the lockers to lock them up. They also sell them at the front desk. Standard padlocks won't fit. Our room featured a toilet and shower. Both were clean and neat with modern appointments.The front desk also sells necessities like plug adapters for your electronics, earplugs, soap/shampoo, laundry soap, bottled water, etc.The free Wi-Fi was pretty spotty and slow in the rooms - we tried in all our fellow students rooms too. I ran a speedtest utility and it showed that the speeds are only a bit faster than old-school traditional telephone 56k dialup internet. 187k downlink / 94k uplink. Good enough for sending and receiving emails, Twitter, and iMessages but not enough for Facebook or any web browsing. They would just timeout because retrieving the data was so slow. You can buy faster wireless internet access for a charge, or use the internet cafe they have for a charge too. Downstairs in the bar, the free Wi-Fi was much, much faster. I measured 2megs down and 1meg up. Almost 5 times faster than the room Wi-Fi. If you're a technology geek like me, do your internet stuff down in the bar.The laundry facilities were quite handy. I ended up washing a load of clothes. They weren't anything special, just 3 washers and 3 dryers and a row of folding chairs. But it was simple, neat, and clean. 2 pounds to wash and 1 pound to dry. A 2-pack of soap (for two loads) cost 1 pound up at the front desk.The bar in the ground level was great (see my other review) and so was the breakfast bar included with the price of our room.Overall, a very great experience. I would definitely stay here over a traditional hotel any day!
5	The Smart City Hostel is about a 10 minute walk from Princess Street and the Downtown area. The rooms are clean and so are the showers and bathrooms.  They have have coin operated laundry which was very helpful. The free wifi was a huge help. I would defiantly stay here again.
