1	We went to a teen showcase here to expose our daughters to the arts and I was pretty disgusted. They changed the lyrics to RENT so that the song was heterosexual. If you want to be prudish and homophobic you will have a hard time preparing kids for Hollywood. They could have picked any other duet but to alter the words to "protect modesty" made my tea curl. This is on top of feedback issues, really bad castings, terrible off key singing, and behind the beat dancing. One would be better off seeing some of the plays produced at the local high schools or UNLVs theater department.
5	My child went to Hollywood Kids Academy.  It was an amazing experience.  My background is in the performing arts and I was blown away at how great of an experience it was. I loved that she didn't just sit in a class for 9 months and then do one number in a recital.  My daughter was able to perform on stage over and over in incredible shows and plays.  She sang, she danced, she acted on stage with the lights, wireless mics, costumes, and everything.  All the kids performed every semester in every class and they can perform up to six times each semester in each class they take. Not to mention the outside performances at Magical Forest, Winterfest, etc..  Wow!  The plays and shows were outstanding!  It was so great for her confidence and her self-esteem.  I loved the fact that the kids come first at HKA.  Her training was amazing.  It wasn't about the teachers and the shows, it was all about her and her progression. She progressed so fast!  I loved that  it was such a safe, happy place for her and all the kids to learn and grow. Her teachers were so great and so loving. It was so professional for children's theater.  I loved that it was values based-no swearing, vulgarity, crudity, etc..  She felt so safe and so loved.  She just blossomed.  She had the opportunity to tour and travel.  She even performed at Disneyland and on cruise ships. As a parent and a performing arts professional, it was amazing and I would do it again if my daughter hadn't grown up!
5	My son has been in Hollywood kids academy for three shows. And has now moved up to the Stars level. As well as the Glee class. My daughter is now going to both. They are amazing. Teaching kids how to perform on stage acting, dancing, singing. The change in my children's ability to sing is unbelievable. The confidence on stage is so great to see. I love this studio and would recommend it to anyone who's child wants to perform.
