4	Wonderful!  Perfect, squishy little pork buns, friendly cart people, reasonable prices. What could you not love about that?I have only thus far tried the edamame as a side with the  pork belly and pulled pork buns, on recommendation by the cart workers. All were wonderful. I especially loved the asian peach chutney on the pulled pork, it paired well with the shredded carrot and was almost a dessert to me. You can bet I will be trying more in the future. The very near future.
3	Tasty, but pricey.I caught the cart on the weekends at the Farmer's market. It's pretty good, but with the price I was hoping for a little better.Never had it at the actual restaurant, but I'm assuming it's the same. It's sadly just a tad bit better than the same pork bun served at Great Dane's, so that's not really saying much.
5	Amazing buns! The wonton chips are a tad too salty but I can eat this all day, all night.
5	Can't get enough of your love, babe. And there is certainly lotsa love to be had with an Umami pork bun. Oven roasted pork belly, scallions, hoisin sauce, and pickled cucumbers. Yep, it's love. The steamed bun is warm, fluffy and scrumptious, the meat tender. Flavorfully wonderful.
4	I finally, finally tracked down the Umami cart at the farmers market!! My friend and I split 3 buns plus a side (edamame or wonton chips) for $10; pretty pricey for a food cart, but not so bad when you are splitting with another person. We got the pork belly bun, the bulgogi bun, and the spicy tofu bun. Of the three, I was only very impressed with the pork belly and bulgogi buns. The meats are marinated well and cooked even better. I thought the additional condiments (hoisin sauce, cucumbers, etc.) were a nice touch that helped add a different flavor dimension (and crunchiness!) to the buns. I, however, did not like the spicy tofu bun. I'll give them credit for offering a vegetarian option, but the slices of tofu are way too thick and way too bland for the spicy sauce (which is really just mayo + sriracha) to counteract. Nice try, but I'll pass. I was also not very impressed by the buns themselves - they were way over steamed, which made them difficult to chew.  My biggest gripe was with the slow, slow service. I understand that they make each bun to order, which is great, but if that is the case, there really needs to be more than one person in the cart. One person taking orders and one person putting the buns together would make the process go much more smoothly and quickly! Five stars for the bulgogi and pork belly buns and three stars for the service averages to a nice, even four stars for Umami Buns.
5	I usually get these when I spot them at the farmer's market. I love love love their pork belly and bulgogi buns. I've only ever had the wonton chips as my side and they're also pretty good. It is a little pricey, but I quickly forget the cost once I take a bite out of a deliciously filled bun!
