4	This very quiet resturant has some somewhat rude customer service, but the food is fresh and the vibe here is more local than some of the flashier places as you get closer to the Strip or even Downtown.I ordered  a 10-piece nugget meal with a Dr Pepper. I was able to get refills just by asking, which is always a plus. The dining room was mostly empty save for a group of women and a small family. It was nice and peaceful for eating. The fries were actually really good; I didn't know the recipe changed again.I'd come here again if I was the DD for an exhausted and hungry drunkard looking for a chili baked potato!
1	If I could give them zero stars, I would. Extremely rude staff. Horrible customer service.
1	If you like it slow and stinky this is the place.  And I like fast food when I'm at airports :(
4	I ordered a quick snack since I forgot to eat lunch.  I went through the drive thru.  I ordered some fries and a small burger.  My order was correct and tasted like it's supposed too.  The service was good and I was in and out of there quickly.  I went around 4:30pm.  I didn't have an issue.
4	Most men in Vegas objectify women because it is socially accepted there. Not at this Wendy's! Walked into the store and was greeted by the funniest, friendliest, and most respectful worker ever! Jerry T took our orders, didn't judge me for wanting to try everything on the dollar menu, and checked in with us to make sure that our food was up to par. The food didn't appear rushed. My Jr. Bacon Cheeseburger was properly aligned and stacked and my chicken nuggets were freshly fried!!! My friends ordered the bacon cheeseburger on a pretzel bun and raved about eating real meat at a fast food place!The food came out fast and it appeared the staff in the back were preparing food while I was paying. So rare to be able to experience quality like this. The restaurant was also clean and tidy. It appeared to be the stomping grounds of older women who were passing time or enjoying time with their friends. I watched Jerry T take food to other customers who had limited mobility. The restaurant truly values it's customers. The only odd thing I noticed was that the soda machine was behind the counter and you had to ask to get a refill.
4	Drive thru is pretty fast. Employees are attentive. They get our orders correctly everytime we ate there. Clean. Marko is good respectable man he works the drive thru window. You cant pay for kindness but all the employees are kind show appreciation people
