4	There are several Hudson News locations in the D Concourse - this one is somewhat smaller than the massive one located at the main intersection of the D Concourse. This one is off in the direction/arm of the D Gates ending in Gates 52 - 58 - on the right hand side - pretty close to "Burke in the Box."
3	Ouch!That was me reacting to the prices charged at this little shop. But that is to be expected. Full of current release magazines, paperbacks and liquids that have been screened by TSA so they can travel along with you.Clean. Busy. Convenient.
3	One thing I hate about traveling is that you can't bring bottled Water past TSA checkpoints.....I know it's for our safety, but I still think it sucks.  So.....when I'm thirsty, I'm forced to walk into a place like Hudson News and pay through the nose for a bottle of Water.Then, while I'm there, I magically need to buy magazines, Candy, and other random stuff.....why???  Because I'm bored!  Stupid airport gift shop traps always work on me.....Return Factor - a begrudging 90%
1	Maybe I'm spoiled.  At the Philadelphia Airport, the shops aren't allowed to charge more because you're at the airport.  They don't have that law in Las Vegas.  Hudson News actually charges $5 for a bottle of water.  And of course I paid it because one isn't allowed to bring liquids through security.  I know Las Vegas is all about ripping off tourists, but this might take the cake as the biggest rip off in town.
3	Ok so you can bring in all the snacks you want until you hit the TSA search where you are forced to throw out that huge slurpie you were planning on consuming on your X hr flight. I guess if you have no other option you can pass by the 50+ Hudson News locations each airport has inside. Yes you are paying a little over Manhattan prices, but hey you really want a snack right so just pay up.
3	Wait until you pass the security check point prior to purchasing anything. Sounds like obvious knowledge as they WILL force you to throw out the water you just purchased, but for some reason I forget this EVERY time I'm in an airport. I guess that's what you get for resorting to water in Vegas in the first place. I mean what is this? Utah? But other than that this place has all the crap you'll need to get through your waiting and flight with exceptionally high prices. 9 dollar magazines, 6 dollar waters, 3 dollar bags of nuts, and, can I get a happy ending at least?
1	Ain't. No. Way. I'm. Paying. $3. For. A. Single. Bottle. of. Vitamin. Water. Doesn't Vegas get enough dinero from tourists gambling their rent money in hopes of retiring, or at least partially paying off their student loans? I'm frugal, but mostly rebel against the store on principle. I'm fairly certain I can wait until I board the plane to drink some sparkling water.
3	Convenient location and they have anything and everything you need. I love browsing through here even if I know I only came for bottled water and a snack. Everything is waay overpriced but what do you expect.
1	Horrible experience at store across from Gate E9 at airport5 employees and I couldn't pay for my purchaseTwo on cell phonesOne manager ringing up other employees cigarettes Two standing around watching who knows what...When I left the manager came out only to lie to me saying he couldn't ring me up because register wasn't working....oh except if you were buying cigarettesWhat a joke!
3	Overpriced place with small bag of lays potato chips at $3 and Pringles at $4.  Good place to come for magazines, beverages, and small quick snacks, but at a high price. A must if your flight is delayed as they have a good selection of magazines.  More like the airport's convenience store whereas the Nuance is more like the airport's mall. Either way, be ready to splurge on stuff you would pay at a fraction of a cost.
3	Having a convenience shop in the airport is a necessity.  I realize that most people complain about the prices, but shouldn't they have thought about it before coming to the airport? Sure you cannot bring liquids in the airport, but last time I checked you get free non-alcoholic beverages on your flight.  If you're not smart enough to think of your convenience needs before coming to the airport, then you will have to pay extra for the privilege.  These place exist because, customers keep coming back.
3	While I detest paying through my nose for water and junk food, what other option do you have lol...especially when you know your flight doesn't have meals, though mind you, I read somewhere how in-flight food has one of the most sodium/salt ever...but i digress...this particular occassion, my stomach was growling for the Cheetos snack, the crunchier ones instead of the soft, and too bad no spicy availabl.e  Paid $3 for a bag that would barely last through the first 15min. of a movie onboard lol.and $2 for the Twix, regular-size.  Like I said, highway robbery.At least they do accept AMEX ;)
