5	The Gurkha, with its pleated tablecloths, smiling waiters, and dinky interior has an old-fashioned charm, that is complemented by its range of extremely tasty curries, which are satisfyingly spicy without being so hot that they bring a tear to your eye.  My particular favourites are the channa masala and the bhanta (aubergine) curry, but I've never had a dish there I didn't like - though, as I've found out the hard way, the portions are extremely filling, so avoid the temptation to order too much!  It's location makes it the perfect place for a bite to eat after catching a film at the Dominion over the road, but in my opinion, the Gurkha is a real Morningside gem, well worth heading to in its own right.
4	The odd occasion i venture down into Morningside in the evening i always get a huge wift of the most gorgeous smell from The Gurkha so finally after 7 months living in Bruntsfield we decided to try The Gurkha for a takeaway!WOW is all i can say, the taste certainly lived up to the reputation of the lovely smells that waft from the restaurant doors. It was alot less spicier than Indian food but alot more flavoursome.Myself and my partner both had chicken dishes and the quality of the meat was fantasticand the pilau rice was really nice nothing like the rice you get at an indian restaurant. We will certainly be trying this restaurant again.The only thing that stopped me giving it 5 star rating was that because the restaurant is really quite small they didn't really have space for us to wait for the order which took about 20 mins so we had to go away and come back, but they do delivery for next time!
4	The Gurkha looks like it has been around a while, decor wise. The SR is a fan of Nepalese cuisine, so I suggested we pop in one evening. I did my normal - I'm starving and plan to order EVERYTHING. Much to my horror, every single item I ordered was HUGE. Mains, sides, the lot. I tried to avoid looking at the SR, in shame, as I knew what he was thinking. Miss piggy wiggy, stuffing her face in the corner full of delicious curry. Well, I reasoned back, I have lunch for tomorrow! This is why taking home leftovers is a Good Idea. It's been a while since we visited, so I don't remember what I ordered (apart from it being vegetarian, that is for sure), but we did enjoy our meals, but struggled with the volume - so heed our warning, as with others - don't order too much!
