3	Decent food and reasonable prices.  Worth giving a try when you want to get off the strip.  Lots of parking at the mall and never a long wait at this restaurant.
5	This is a bright spot in The Boulevard mall.  It's quaint, with authentic atmosphere and an independent feel that makes me happy to support it and keep coming back.I often spend at least a day a week in the boulevard mall, and before I would have to settle for restaurant coffee or some other terrible machination.  But no more.   Now I can get barista quality and enjoy a nice view of the mall from one of their many chairs.  There's wifi, a tv, and plenty of small tables to set your laptop on if you need to get some work done.Stop in sometime if you happen to find yourself at this mall or on this side of town, you shouldn't find yourself disappointed.
3	Went here late afternoon and it wasn't very busy. There was a woman with a little girl who was running all over the place and a man in the corner. One customer was ahead of me and she was finishing up paying for her order when I walked in. When I walked up to the counter, however, there was no one there. I had to wait more than a couple of minutes before someone came out of the back. She was friendly but that's pretty much where it ended. What I wanted was not in stock so I ordered an iced mint mocha instead. After paying for my order, I stood there and watched as the girl made a sandwich for the woman who was already in there with the little girl. Then she started making another sandwich. Turned out it was for the customer who had been at the counter just before me. Meanwhile, one customer came in and stood at the counter. She got a passing "I'll be right with you" as the girl behind the counter got to work on my drink. As it turned out, it was made, she just had to pour things into a cup. Another customer came in, saw me standing there and saw the customer at the counter and walked out. In the end, I did get a drink. Not the one I ordered, it was blended and not iced, but a drink. It tasted fine. But I had been there for more than 10 minutes and by the time I got my order and the worker offered to make it again to correct it, I didn't want the person still waiting to order to have to wait any longer so I said it was fine. Because it was relatively empty when I walked in, I thought it would be a quick stop. I was in there much longer than planned and didn't even walk out with what I had ordered. There should have been at least one other person working and perhaps things would have been smoother. I may go back if I'm at the mall again, but I haven't fully decided yet.
5	Nice service, the ladies that work the counter are super sweet :) Cool vibe. Cafe latte super yummy. Conveniently located in the boulevard mall. Nice break from the holiday shoppers in here ;)
