5	I don't remember the first time I went to Gentle Strength.  That's not their fault in any way - I was just too young.  My mom was a peaceful hippie going to ASU the year they opened.  The next year - presto - me.  I hear we went there now and then.  All I remember was lots of patchouli and eating banana chips.  I still love banana chips but I digress...   In the mid 80's my brother was put on a "special" diet to help curb hyperactivity (Good-bye chocolate, Hello carob) and back we went to Gentle Strength.  It had been several years since we'd gone and I remember my mom saying how much it had changed.  She would hardly recognize the place now.Gentle Strength moved to a new location recently and this has given them lots of room to stretch their wings.  I hadn't been there in years, but I went for the first time (as an adult - no banana chips needed to keep me happy) a few weeks ago.  I have decided that I will be a regular.  It was one of the best shopping experiences I've had in a LONG time.  Yes, shopping experience.  No free samples, dance music or water slides - but the people were just amazing. And not just the folks who worked there. People shopping said "Hi" to each other - and to me.  I had a 10 minute conversation with a guy who'd been a member for more than 20 years.  By the end of my 30 minutes there I'd joined in the spirit and when someone asked me if I knew where something was I walked her on over, helped her read some smaller labels - sharing opinions and a laugh.  You don't have to be a member to shop there, but it does have it's privileges. (See web site for details) Their products are awesome.  I saw some basics that I've seen other places, but I saw tons of stuff that I just don't see at other stores.  From their awesome selection of easy to make Asian food, amazing looking produce, the super bulk foods, the great selection of "Newman's Own" right next to products that were made locally, and lunch/dinner options that include their great pre-made section (from sandwiches to tabbouleh salad) and their smoothie/sandwich/salad bar spot - everything was great.  My personal favorite, and new addiction, was their Cinnamon Sweet Potato and Corn Chips.  Freaking amazing. Here's the most important thing for everyone else to know.  When talking w/ that long term member I found out that they lost a huge chunk of their walk in traffic when they had to move to this new location.  They are hurting financially.  There's no massive corporation behind them to help them get through the rough spots, and no other valley location to help balance out the transition period at this location.  Gentle Strength is a valley tradition to folks who love natural foods, or are living vegan or vegetarian.  With the popularity of this market, we now have Sprouts, Wild Oats and the others offering this same thing, and at locations that may be closer to you.  As you're able, I'd really hope that folks keep visiting Gentle Strength, because this is one piece of Valley history that we don't want to fade away.UPDATE: Rest in peace Gentle Strength, Rest in peace....
4	Goodbye Gentle Strength!  You were a pretty good store and I'm really sorry to see you go.  GS carried some great products that you couldn't find anywhere else, but aside from being "family" run there was nothing dramatic to set it apart from Sprouts or Wild Oats.  I guess the campus just didn't have the customer base to keep a little hippy-food shop thriving.Ah well.  Cheers to you Gentle Strength!View the AZ Repuplic story here:http://www.azcentral.com/community/tempe/articles/0228tr-gentle0228Z10.html#
5	I shed a tear the day the co-op closed. I had been going there for over ten years, I knew the staff, I was a member, I had worked in the garden and recycled my glass long before Tempe did it for me.  They carried Doctor Bronner's, Quorn, Big Sky soda and delicious tempeh sandwiches. They were the first place I turned when I was sick, bought my first netty pot there and learned of numerous home remedies from the helpful staff. I loved that place. No Whole Foods or Trader Joe's will ever com close to the unique and truly organic home grown experience that was the Co-op.
5	GS Coop made the MOST delicious vegan carrot muffins. If anyone knows the recipe, I would be thrilled to get it. The muffins were huge, moist and delicious. My favorite, I would get them as often as I could. I miss GS...
