3	Normally, Henri Bendel is out of my price range.  $150 for a fashion jewelry necklace seems a bit crazy to me.But, after 2 Long Islands, I was all about this place!  I needed to buy some jewelry for a wedding and I ended up finding a cool necklace and bracelet.  Yeah, and, oh god, I spent $300 on them.Drunk shopping  = bad idea.Anyways, they have a really good selection of jewelry, bags, candles, etc.  But, pricey.  Service is also friendly, less snobby than at the Henri Bendel at Fashion Show.I'll probably go back here....sober.
4	This location is at The Forum Shops at Caesars Palace.For me, it's really a 3 1/2 stars. The store is adorable. Their visual merchandising, displays, customer service...everything is top notch.If anyone is familiar with the accessory store, Charming Charlies, this is like the expensive version of that. Most jewelry items can run you from  $60+. A bracelet is usually around $88. Rings are about $50. They also carry a wide selection of handbags, wallets, wristlets and clutches....all at $150+. A makeup bag is around $40+. Ehh...I'm not about to pay that much for a bag that's usually INSIDE my purse. No one will see it anyways so I cannot justify to pay so much for a makeup bag. This won't  be your everyday "i'm going to buy something in here" store...but coming here, you will feel like it's a special treat. =)I ended up buying a Henri Bendel keychain with their signature brown and white stripes bow icon. Damage to my wallet= $41. Yeah I know, I know....freakin $40 for a keychain can be a little ridiculous. BUT....I COULDN'T HELP IT!!! Anything that is cute and bows, I cannot contain myself. When the boyfriend found out how much I paid for that keychain, he was LITERALLY speechless for 2 minutes. Oops...my bad!
4	I love Henri Bendel, and I'm so happy they've opened in Vegas. Their merch is fashionable and high quality. I'm a total sucker for their jewelry. Love the brown and white dust bags they give you for everything.  Janine, the manager, helped me and was very friendly and knowledgable, although a bit zealous in trying to get me to buy more after I picked out a couple of things. This is a great place for gifts -- my friends flip when they see anything coming their way in a brown and white box/bag. As others have stated, you will easily drop some coin in here. If you want inexpensive, stick with Aldo.
4	Don't miss their After-Holidays sale! It's half-off all the major jewelry on the table. Super good deal and steal! (Especially if you're looking for a New Year's present just for yourself). My friend was able to buy an $80 gold necklace for only $40. Staff is also super helpful and friendly. They will clarify what's on sale and don't make a fuss over returns.
5	This is the best store ever! When you go ask for Tomas, everyone is friendly and helpful and helps you pick out what's right for you. This store is clean and fun! They also carry the candle & home fragrance lines! (And are on display for you to smell) everything is so cute & I really just want to buy everything. It's also right next door to mac & Tory burch.
