3	One of the good things about this place was that it had a very large and varied menu, and it seemed like it would have a very large and good lunch buffet (I went for dinner).  Unfortunately, I found the dinner to be rather pricey considering the food that we received.  I ordered the lamb tikka masala, and it was ok, but the meat was tough, and the sauce was just nothing special.  Copper restaurant is above and beyond a better choice at these prices, plus their chicken tikka masala is one of the best things i have ever put in my mouth.
4	I completely disagree with the other reviewer. I love Indian food and Namaste is by far the best in Charlotte. The dinner buffet it expensive at $16.95 per person, but if you're hungry for samosas, tandoori chicken,  tikka masala, daal or great naan bread and much much more, it's the place to go. Most Indian places I've been to in Charlotte aren't spicy enough, but Namaste offers a great variety of spiciness in their dishes. Simply put, it's well worth the price!
1	I went here for dinner and was very disappointed. I have been craving Indian food for a while and decided to go for a chicken tikki dish. What I got was a chicken fajita on a hot plate with onions, bell peppers, carrots. Then a separate bowl of bland sauce-the same sauce that my companion got on her bland food. For $14, I would have at least expected a tortilla to go with it. The naan was really salty and buttery. I also ordered garlic naan and got what even the waiter called "garlic bread". The only good thing was the mango lassi. I wish I could be more positive, but I've had better fast food Indian in strip malls.
3	I came here on a Wednesday night with a large group of friends.  Oddly enough, we were the only people in the restaurant!  The service was adequate (obviously, as there were no other patrons to distract our server!).  My Chicken Karahi was pretty satisfying, but as this is my only real exposure to Indian food I can't comment how it might compare to other places.  Overall, the experience was good--but it could just as easily have happened at any other Indian restaurant.  I can't fault the restaurant for anything in particular, but they did not do anything to stand out in my mind and make me want to come back.  The food wasn't overly expensive, but I'm left with the feeling that I should have paid less.
3	Finally tried Namaste, at Bill F's YERRAA suggestion, and it was pretty rad.First of all, they have Tandoori vegetables and a Tandoori Paneer dish. This is ridiculously rare, despite it being the awesomest way to cook vegetables ever. Secondly, they have the BEST garlic naan I have ever tasted. Seared close to black in places, puffy and light, salty, garlic everywhere, some ghee but not a ton. Better than the best garlic knots you've ever had. But the service was kinda weird: our apps went missing, no raita for me, the spice levels on our entrees were switched, kind of a bummer. The waiter that we had, while cool and conversational, wasn't there when we ordered; perhaps that's why things got so garbled, as the hostess who sat us seemed very unsure of herself. The pepper plate that came with our (free!) parathas was overly sweet for my taste, but that didn't stop me from eating a ton of the tomato and onion chutney. This place has the potential to be some of the best Punjabi food in Charlotte. I make the distinction because Woodlands does both North and South Indian so well, that its at a whole other level of awesome. If they can iron out the service kinks, Namaste will become my favorite North Indian restaurant and get lots of my money. We'll see!
4	Another place I've been going to for years. Anytime anyone comes into town for a visit I take them to Namaste and they love it. Their lunch buffet ($8.99 for Indian and Brazilian food) is a great value, vegetarian-friendly, and almost can't be beat. The lineup for the buffet is variable so don't go there on a Wednesday and come back on another Wednesday thinking you will see the same food choices. The collard greens on the Brazilian side are yummy most days, super buttery greasy on other days. The same holds true with the naan on the Indian side. Their mint chutney is my fave in town as well as their samosas. Their gajar ka halwa (carrot pudding) is to die for.I will say in the last year or so the quality and freshness of the veggies has declined. I know the owner has yet to decide if they are keeping Namaste open past this year so maybe with that knowledge they started lacking in the veggie area. I don't really know but that is my one gripe about my Namaste.
4	I have just discovered this place, and tried it on two very separate occasions: The menu dinner, and the lunch buffet. I must say, I was quite impressed with both.Namaste India, unlike many other Indian restaurants in Charlotte, isn't afraid of offering spicy, bold options across its menu.  For dinner, the waiter respected my family's wishes for spicy entrees, and delivered.  The chicken was fresh, the naan was obviously taken out of the oven and onto our tables, and the service was excellent.The lunch buffet is very affordable - on the weekdays - and I thoroughly recommend it as well.  I am from New Jersey, which is the only reason I am not giving it 5 stars... but it is the best Indian restaurant in Charlotte!
5	The service is very attentive. Their buffet has plenty of options and the food is fresh. Two thumbs up!
3	This place is OK Food:was bland on the buffet  and also coldService:FriendlyAmbience:FancyHad it not been for the service and ambience i would have rated a 1 star
2	Naan is definitely not indian..... i like it but it's not naan it's more off a domino's garlic bread type of thing
