4	Wonderful experience with Felly's today in ordering flowers and having them delivered in short notice. Woman was very nice that I spoke with and it was rather hassle free.
5	Went here for my wedding flowers - they are amazing! Always answered all my questions and everyone was extremely helpful. I would highly recommend them.
4	This place is not too far from my house and I enjoy getting fresh flowers to brighten up the front of the house occasionally.. They are very accommodating and very friendly with suggestions... Had a few pots replanted and they did a great job..
5	Had a few planters made up here, just a great local place for flowers...
5	In a word: Amazing! Klein's on east Washington should take note.(That review, forthcoming.)It was a matter of seconds before being greeted by probably the nicest most helpful person I've had the pleasure of dealing with recently. I want to say his name is Dor, a traditional Israeli name a few friends of mine had in Hebrew school, but I could have misplaced his accent so don't quote me on this. He's vocal and he's joyful, you'll know him when you meet him. After explaining that I had this metal pail I picked up from a garage sale (or was it Odana Antiques?) and that I wanted to fill it with flowers that would hold up in mostly shade, he led me like a magnet to some glorious fuchsia that he decided would be wonderful centered in the pail, surrounded by violet browallia cover. He was right. It looks incredible! And the the best part about the whole ordeal, he was content (for a little extra) drilling a draining hole in the bottom, adding some soil, and planting my new favorite flowers! All this for a fair price! You MUST visit them the next chance you get! There are aisles and aisles of house plants, succulents, trees, full sun, mostly shade... you name it, they probably have it. And now that we're in season, they're getting deliveries constantly! They have an insane amount of pots and gardening tools, even a map of how things are laid out so you can find exactly what you're looking for with ease. Look, you can go to Home Depot and spend a fraction of the price, or you can go support a local business that's truly interested in making certain you're thrilled with your purchase.Flower power!
2	Positives were selection, they got everything, and being located near Target.  I met the owner at a business I once ran and he was a decent guy even when we failed to meet his expectations so I felt I owed him my business. First visit they were out of manure and the teenager working the cash wrap seemed more interested in her phone than having some brought up. Second visit no staff to help me. Third visit I found staff after five minutes but the isles were too narrow to pass people with a cart. Too cramped and spotty service. I'll shop elsewhere
5	Wonderful selection and friendly staff! Was greeted immediately upon entering. After browsing for about 10 minutes, a staff member came over and asked if I needed help. I explained I was looking for something for my balcony, which doesn't get any direct sunlight and she called over Greg, the grower. He was very knowledgeable and showed me a variety of plants and flowers before I settled on a dracaena. It looks WONDERFUL on my balcony, I am extremely pleased. Thanks for all of your help!
