3	I've got a problem with restaurants that tell me that their particular fare is the "Worlds Best!".  NO restaurant has yet to prove these words true.  Bad Dogs is almost no exception.I was driving down Tryon the other day and to my surprise there was a large hot dog waving at traffic frantically next to sign proclaiming Bad Dogs to have the "Worlds Best" Burgers, hot dogs, and fries.  I was intrigued!  So happens I had recently gotten a coupon (coupons ROCK!) for a free dog with the purchase of a fountain drink.  I went.The interior is fairly divey, with the smell of last evening beer and cigarette smoke still lingering in the air.  It was clean enough and the waitress at the bar was quick with a "howdy".I pulled up to the bar, got a menu and ordered a Sprite.  The dog menu was average.  Coney dog, Chicago dog, cheddar and bacon dog, Kitchen sink (chili, slaw, onion and cheese (not a very big sink)) and a couple more.  I ordered the Coney dog and the chicago style (sans relish, not my condiment at all).  I also decided to take the $2.50 fries, what the hell, right?!The dogs arrived with a gargantuan pile of the best looking fries I have ever seen.  There was no way I was getting through that.  The coney dog looked right, veggieless/beanless chili sauce with grated cheddar underneath in a slightly oversized steamed bun.  Taste was fairly good and slightly better than fair when a smidge of salt was added.  Although I tend toward grilled buns, it worked well.  The Hebrew National Hot dog was nicely browned, moist on the inside and overall very nice.  I enjoyed it!The chicago dog was a HUGE disappointment.  The bun was NOT steamed, in fact it was a bit hard.  The pepperoncini were dried looking and tastless.  Even the pickles were unfairly bland.  The dog seems to have been cooked earlier and left to set while the other was on the flattop which is odd considering I was one of the first three customers in the joint (It was about 11:15 AM).  It lacked flare, moistness, heat, joy, attention, love, and everything else that the chicago style dog is known for.Now to the fries!  Holy Cow!!!!  Them were some good fries!!!!!  I am guessing they use the blanch first, fry second method, cause they were everything a fry should be.  Crisp, deep brown, mushy in the middle, everything.  I didn't even consider using a condiment, it would have been french fry sacrilidge.  I ate them ALL!!!!!!So, they tell us worlds best hot dog, and, again, we are left short of the goal.  The first dog was good but forgettable.  The second, a disaster, pure and simple.But the fries!  There may be better fries in the world, somewhere, but these would pit up one hell of a fight for the title.Would I go back? Yes.  But not for the dogs.  I would go back on a tuesday when the bottled beer is cold and half price and drink a few while stuffing my maw full of those Idaho dandies!EAT WELL!  V-DUB
4	For someone who likes burgers, fries and beer as much as I do, this place is awesome!Like the reviewer says below, the hand-cut french fries are great, but by far my favorite item is the Carolina burger. Wendy's offers a Carolina burger also, which is good in a pinch, but the one here is so much more substantial...chili, coleslaw, mustard, ketchup and cheese! Soo good! I would offer my opinion on other items, but I haven't yet made it past the Carolina Burger. I need to try the hot dogs next. A friend has told me they are really good too.
5	For burgers, hot dogs, and other good ol' "American" food, Bad Dog is perfect.  We've gone for lunch a couple of times, really enjoyed the meals, and went back today.  As I left, I wondered, "Why don't we come here more often?"  To start, we tried the crab quesadillas.  Wow.  Real crab...and very spicy.  The flavor and hotness surprised me.  I loved it!  I had the cajun sausage wrap as my entree.  It was delicious although nowhere near as spicy as the quesadillas.  The only other thing that would have made it better is if the sausage had been whole instead of cut up into chunks.  My partner had the Southern Hot Dog.  They don't tell you it's a foot-long 'til they drop the big wiener in front of you.  And, yes, we can definitely attest to the fresh-cut fries like in everyone else's reviews.  They ARE delicious.  So simple, yet so tasty.  Skinny like McDonald's fries, yet 100x better with the skins left on.  I give top marks to Bad Dog.
1	I have to admit that I've been jonesing to visit Bad Dog for a while now.  I tried to stop in a few weeks back and couldn't find the place (I didn't try all that hard).  When we couldn't figure out where we were going, we went elsewhere.This time, we were on a mission, and armed with the address - always helpful - and knowing what we were after, we headed straight for the kill.  Yet we still had a bit of a time finding our way because signage doesn't really exist.  You have to go around the other buildings, to the edge of the lake, across the boardwalk from Boardwalk Billy's and there they are.Once we found it, we were absolutely underwhelmed.  On a Friday night, with football (minor bowl games) on the sets, there were about three other people inside.  There were more staff than there were customers.  I would imagine from the reviews that Bad Dog sees better days, but it just wasn't happening here.We ordered a burger (the "over easy", with an egg and bacon) and a cheese steak.  The burger wasn't bad, but the bun was way too big.  Smaller bun would have done much more justice to the burger.  The cheese steak also wasn't bad, but it's tough to mess up a cheese steak.  Oh, except for the moldy roll that we didn't notice until halfway through the sandwich.That pretty much did it in, but not as much as the "oh, we'll take that off your order" comment did.  Not a "let us take care of your whole order" or a "how about a free meal next time" or even a "here is a free dessert".  Even a simple apology would have been nice.  To top it all off, the manager - who allegedly took care of the sandwich for us (but didn't) - simply waved and told us to have a good night.  No wonder the place is empty.On the plus side, the sweet potato fries weren't bad.  There was no sign of the "tableside guacamole" or crab anything (mentioned elsewhere) that we could find.  I don't think we'll be back anytime soon.
4	My favorite burger place in Charlotte. The hand cut fries, sweet potato fries and tots are all great. I've always gone during off peak hours because I have two kids, and wanted to avoid the "bar crowd" so the place has always been empty. However I went for the first time on a Saturday evening recently, and it was still empty! I'd be worried about them remaining in business, but it's been this way for the five years I've been going. The menu has recently changed to 100% grass fed beef from a local farm, which was a pleasant surprise.
1	I've been there twice before and loved it.  They've got good beer at good prices.  Decided to go for dinner last night and was disappointed.  They have changed their menu.  Fries or tater tots no longer come with the burger; you have to order them as a side and they are expensive for the amount you get.  For $3.50 I expect more than a handful of Sweet Potato Tater Tots thrown in a basket.  They are good, but not THAT good.  My wife ordered their Gourmet Burger, and about 15 minutes later the bartender told us they were out of Goat Cheese, which was the main reason she ordered it.  This should have been brought to our attention before this.  She then ordered the Shroomin' Swiss Burger, which was delivered without any Horseradish mayo, Tomato, or Lettuce.  We had to ask for these items, even though the menu says the burger comes with it.  The burger was over-cooked and chewy, and the bun was too big for the burger and stale.  My Chicago Dog was decent.It seems this place can't decide what it wants to be.  Does it want to be a "Gourmet Burger" place or a college bar?  It should probably figure this out before it's too late.  I will not be back.
3	I went here for lunch and had decent food.  The view of the man made lake in the shopping center is pretty cool on a day when the weather is nice.  I went back again at night and they had a great DJ with an artist performing ( Truth of the QC), the place was pretty packed, and the drink specials were awesome.  I think I like this place as a night venue better.  I will be back, but not in a hurry because the University area is a hike from south Charlotte.  I had a fun time nonetheless.
3	Beer and Drink prices were very low bathrooms were the worst ever hands down. Sat night tho the place to be Party Party Party
5	$1.00 PBR need I say more
3	Went here for a second time had the chicken sandwich want bad but I wish they wash the counters
3	Six dollars for two beers nearly had R ready to move to Charlotte. I'm sure Bad Dog became his instant favorite.We popped by for a couple of brewskies and to watch the Barcelona-Man U match. I was pleasantly surprised that they were showing it! Plenty of TVs along the bar, and there's also one outside in case you want to get your drink on al fresco (but I do hope they upgrade the outside TV, as it's almost as old as I am). The staff was friendly, the beer was cheap. A-OK by me.
1	This place must have new owners or something, because the name is now Bad Dog American Pub. FOOD:  I had the following and rate it as such:------------------------------------------------------------Burger - A little dry with skimpy fixingsBeer Battered Onion Rings - Very goodFried Pickles - A little undercooked/hard but good flavor. Very very greasy though.Chicken bites - It tasted like they fried them in fish.Beer - Mediocre selection.ATMOSPHERE:--------------------This place is 100% a college bar. On a summer Tuesday evening (5pm) there was only one other person eating there, because college had let out. The place looked like it had been manhandled quite nicely by many a drunk college kid. It had that "after the party" smell that you could tell wasn't going away any time soon. And everything just looked disheveled. As I noted to my friend, it looked like the pub itself was going through a divorce and it's significant other had taken half the stuff and the pub started drinking heavily and was now devoid of any personal hygiene habits. STAFF:---------The male waiter we started off with was awesome. He was courteous and made suggestions on what he thought was good (sorry dude, I wish I could remember your name). Half way through the meal shifts changed and we were now stuck with a girl that acted like she knew more than everyone else about everything. She completely ruined the mood of meal with her attitude and mishandling of our respective bills.  She said that she had been in the food service industry for 6 or 7 years, but I think she needs to find a new job.Sorry to say, but I will not be visiting this place again, nor recommending it to anyone.
2	Ok burgers. Occasionally good food specials through out the week.
3	This place makes me laugh everytime I think about it. It is so grimey and cheap. 5 dollar cover gets you 1 dollar drinks all night. Crappy drinks of course but you will get wasted and make bad decisions
2	I took an out of town friend here last weekend on a Saturday and I must say that it was an experience.  When we first entered we were asked to pay a $10 cover (each).  I can never figure out why bars, not night clubs have a cover charge.  We paid our 20 bucks and proceeded in.  After getting in the long line for the men's bathroom, I soon discovered why we had just paid $20 for the privilege of running up a $100 tab.  It was college night!!! There were at least 10 people in line rubbing the X's off their hands and trying to get to the sink to wash them off.The drinks were pretty good and fairly priced.  I haven't eaten here in a while, so I can't give any feedback regarding the food.As for atmosphere, I'd have to say that this isn't a place for anyone over the age of 27.  The majority of the patrons there on Saturday night were between 18-22.  The floor throughout the entire bar was also very sticky, it felt like walking in caramel and if you stood in one spot too long, you'd actually become stuck to the floor.  The music was also extremely loud and the crowd becomes questionable towards the end of the night.  I recall a group of guys that walked in, smelling like they'd been digging ditches all day.I gave this place an extra star because of the bachelorette party that was going on.  There's nothing like watching a 21 year old bride to be and her 18-20 year old friends go all out on the dance floor :)
3	I went on a Tuesday night before Thanksgiving. It was $1 wells night that night. That was awesome. Other than that, I think this place is a place to drink. Definitely not a place to dine.The music was pretty good that night and the place was pretty packed. Some nights, the music is a little off for my taste so I don't go here often. The only reason was because it was close to school, $1 wells, and my friends decided to come here to drink.
1	They charged a cover, were stingy with the liquor, and the DJ sucked. Disappointing.
2	The only reason i gave this place 2 stars is for the omb beer other then that it took honestly 20 min to get from the back patio to the bathroom. There is no cap size so they just kept packing them in. Other then the mass crowds of sloppy hoes and douche bags there isnt much else. Maybe just went on a bad night which was a thursday and country night. Wouldent go back
1	If hanging around a bunch a douchy frat boys is your style then get here early BC you wont want to miss out on all of the fun. The place is dingy and the food really stinks. As bars go this is the kind of spot that high schoolers would go to with their fake ids and would fit right in.
3	A puppy amongst DOGS....I had a the chance to get to Bad Dog's this past Saturday for lunch.  I can't exactly tell you why my gf and I decided to go to Bad Dog's, maybe just looking to try something off the beaten path, and not your average dog.  We arrived there a little after 1pm, walked down into the bar and set-up shop at the bar. The bartender was a polite dude, took our drink orders immediately, had menus ready for us and was ready and willing to take our orders whenever we were ready.  Ordered the chicken quesadillas (see pics), my gf ordered the Bad Dog burger which is basically a bacon cheeseburger (see pics).  The quesadillas were good, not great; they were about what you would expect for a bar of this nature.  My gf's burger was tasty, as I took a few huge bites.  The maple flavored bacon added a unique flavor for sure.  The bill came to $20.17 (see pics)., which is fairly priced for the quality of burger and size of the quesadillas we received.  Keep in mind however that fries do not come with the burger, which are $2.00 extra very tasty hand-cut fries.  It still stinks that they don't just come with the burger, but oh well.  Hey, this isn't the greatest food you will ever eat.  The actual bar itself isn't the classiest bar you will ever hang out in; not as long as you know that going in, then you should be ok.  The service is great.  The food is good, not great.  There are plenty of drink specials from day-to-day.  Bad Dog's only fault, if you can call it that, is that it doesn't do anything to distinguish itself from the many other bars in the University Area.  Sorry to say, but I look at Bad Dog's as a puppy compared to the Big-Dog bars in the area such as B.walks, Picasso's, Taco Mac, Hickory Tavern and others.
4	I have been to this bar a few times but this past weekend we was in the area and decided to give it a try. I had the Texas burger which had great flavor and was really good. But the best thing we had was the burger of the day which was the taco burger, it was great could have done without the chips they add on it but it is really good.
3	I used to LOOOOOVE this place when I was in College. They had $1.50 Yuengling all day everyday - no cover and great food. It was not busy back then and my well kept secret.We came here anytime we wanted to watch a hockey game and would play a game of video golf.The handcut fries are DELISH. and the burgers are big for how cheap they are.But sadly - it has gone downhill. The food is still good but now they are charging cover...LAME. The bathrooms are disgusting! absolutely foul. They still have pretty good beer specials depending upon what night you go thoughIf I had reviewed it a few years ago - it would have easily gotten 5 in my book, but now...barely 3.love the outdoor seating still.
3	I went here the other day for lunch. It took forever to have someone take my order (maybe because I wasn't sitting at the bar). Anyways, I had to go up to a bar attendant to order my food. Very odd, right? The server was kind and I had my plate in about 15 minutes. Place is clean, but feels very dark. Prices aren't that bad. It's worth checking out.
1	Just BAD, Really BAD....  Don't waste your money at this place. Servers and Management do not care about the customers. The Place is dirty and very run down. Bathrooms, don't even go there. The food is okay at best, but not worth the price or experience. $9.00 for a burger with no side. No Thanks.Anyone that says this place is good, either has not been there in a while, or does not know what good is. This place is smelly dirty dive. If I could give it less than 1 star I would
3	Let me first start off by saying that the food here is wonderful!  The burgers aren't made until you order (not talking about the frozen burger patties either); juicy and just the way you like them...well done, medium rare, or rare!  The homemade fries are pretty good to and the tater tots have just the right of crisp to them.The last time I was here I ordered a Blackened Chicken Cobb Salad.  Not the typical cobb because it didn't have eggs or cucumbers but black olives and avacado slices.  I could have done without the black olives (it seemed they put the entire can on there) but the avacado I'll always take.  Nonetheless, this salad was really good and a nice size for the price (which was $7.99).The statff is quick and polite.The only reason they received three stars is because of all the flys!  I'm guessing that they kept getting in as the door that lead outside onto the balcony was opening and closing.  At first they were just annoying, but when the food came out...they really got bad.  My advice...visit this place in the fall and winter (no flies).
3	Been twice and had a decent meal both times. the last time I ordered the "dirty southern" burger...and must say it was hard to eat.  Didn't taste bad, but it was messy and had to use a fork (taboo for any good burger).  That said, the burger is "dirty" so perhaps that was why.  My best rating is the beer selection...great brands of local brews and the bar staff is good at making recommendations and pairings.
1	I can't believe the service we received! We came in and sat down and I let our waiter know that I was using a living social deal. He took our drink orders and told us he'll give us time to look over the menu...over 20 minutes later we're still sitting there watching our waiter hold multiple conversations with everyone (at the bar/a few people outside). The group that came in much later than us sat, received their drinks, and food order was put in!Here's the kicker, when we stood up to finally leave and was walking out he had the nerve to look shocked. My bf told him that he never came back to the table and he said and I quote "I was waiting on you to wave your hand". I will never give this place my business again. They used to have great food and service, so I'm not sure if they're under new management but I can see why they have such awful reviews!
4	Since they lost their liquor license and can only serve beer, they have really improved on their food overall. I really enjoy that they give UNCC students 1/2 on their burgers. Taste varies depending the cook. Presentation is great. Service is lack-luster at times, but overall it's a great place to get some good, cheap food & brews. I go there all the time (since it's right around the corner) and they have beer pong tournaments on Wednesday (prize = $25 gift card per player).
2	The dirty southern burger tastes great!  The service was absolutely horrible!  We sat down and asked for water to start and a drink menu. We were told by our waitress, rather nastily, "we only serve beer."  Beer sounds great!  Do you at least have a list? She listed off bud light, miller light and that was it. I know they have more options, She seemed peeved that we even had to ask.We ended up ordering a local favorite that we knew they carried. I never got a refill on my water and she just seemed annoyed to have to check on us more than once (which didn't happen...we had to go and ask for utensils). I won't be back.
1	If you are over the age of 25, don't bother. Bathroom is a hot mess, bar tender straight told me they gave up on it due to young party kids. We had a big party of 20 or so & no one bothered to check on our table despite the rest of the bar being next to empty. And it smells like an ash tray despite the glass doors separating us from the patio. Pay $5 to get into boardwalk billys.
