5	No reviews?! For shame, Phoenix!!Mamma Toledo's is wonderful. I can sit here all day and make jokes about loving her pie, but I'm going to try to be mature. That being said, I love her pie. The key lime is my absolute favorite so far, and I've gotten it the past two times that I've seen her; love, love, love it!Mamma herself is wonderful as well! She's a fun and beautiful woman (that's her on her truck, people), and my girlfriend makes fun of me a lot for my shameless crush on her. What can I say...? I know an awesome lady when I see her, and the fact that she's one hell of a baker...? Oh my!Now, since she sells out of pies all the time, I know she's getting business. BUT, she deserves more, dammit! Go eat some pie!
4	I love Mama Toledos pie!! Delicious ,homey and original flavors .  i  love the peach pie ,lightly sweet and  tasty rich ripe fruit. They come in the cutest little pie tin and her panel truck has a wonderful retro vibe, My only complaint I cant just go get it easily in the No Pho .  You can visit Mama Toledo's food truck at the Wednesday Urban Market downtown and other Food Truck sites which in my book is not enough.
2	Yuh did shut my pie hole; My fingers can still talk though. So...over to you fingers. I tried this Food Truck at the "Great Food Truck Festival". I would give this place about 1.5 stars if I could. I love pie....Fuckin' love it....not this though. They had a variety of cream base pies. We tried most, all were not good at all. There was a cream base and I swear to me that canned topping was used. The prices were high and the product was low. Even if your not an econ expert one should know not to buy.  On a happier note my Pie Hole has once again opened after fear of something nasty again returning to my mouth.
4	I've tried a large variety of the pies she offers, and 75% of the time I'm happy with my purchase. I especially love her cobblers and her key lime pie. Every week when you find her, she's got something different on the menu. The product is fresh, home made personal sized pies for $5. A really good value!The owner is sweet and really love what she does.She can run out of stuff really fast though, so if you find her and you see something on the menu you just have to have- get it! If you are one of those "I'll get one after I'm done eating dinner" people, you'll probably miss out. I've done that a few times and was so disappointed to find out the pie I wanted sold out. I've learned my lesson though. Now I find her first, then go get my dinner.
4	Phoenix is seriously lacking when it comes to options for pie. Thank goodness Mamma Toledo has stepped in to fill that, ahem, piehole.I got to experience of of her pielicious concoctions at the Wednesday night food truck gathering downtown. I'll admit I was kinda hoping for a fruit pie but it's all creme pies. I however am not going to turn down pie so I can make a creme pie work! The boyfriend and I shared a chocolate creme. Yum. Yum. Yum. For $5 you get a mini pie that was certainly big enough to share (at least after stuffing our faces at other food trucks). The filling was rich and chocolatly, the whipped topping held up in the heat and the crust was really good too. The crust can make or break a pie and I thought her's was flavorful, flaky and just the right thickness.The only bad thing was that she gave us two really wimpy spoons. It was hard to cut through the crust because the spoons would bend under the pressure. Mamma Toledo - get some heartier spoons, or forks even, and it'll be perfect!
5	Let me first say that I am not a pie person, however these are some of the best pies I've ever had! I'm definitely not a fruit pie person either, but the apple crumble was so delicious.  We also tried the coconut creme pie, both were perfect-not to sugary, but just sweet enough. Also, something about her crust...to die for!!!
5	If you get the chance to try the pie at Mama Toledo's pie truck you must give it a taste. I have to confess I have tried way toooo many flavors.  The great news is you can never go wrong!  Her seasonal flavors of Apple Chili and Pumpkin  are so delicious. The pumpkin pie took the boring out of pumpkin pie and made it a real showstopper.  My personal favorite is the cherry pie --so fresh and a bit tart but not too much.  At the next street fair, art market or farmers market look for the bright red truck and be sure to save room for pie!
5	With proteins accounted for and rounds made of the art show my next stop was dessert and although there were other choices available the only logical choice in my mind was Mamma Toledo's, a spot I'd been meaning to visit since I arrived in Phoenix not only because the name matched my home town but because the eclectic assortment of pies available in three sizes all sounded great - particularly after reading owner/operator Tonya Saidi's roundabout way of arriving at a job she truly seems to love.A small truck - largely a delivery mechanism for pies made at home - the selection of pies at Mamma Toledo's on Saturday morning consisted of six pies, two pie bites, plus a cup o' cake and while every single one sounded good it was the Chocolate Coffee Pie and Carrot Cup o' Cake that immediately caught my attention - an $8 tab that weighed in at a substantial half a pound but far more in terms of quality and flavor.Beginning first with the cup o' cake, I have no idea what carrot to flour ratio Tonya used to make this beautiful item, but with the cake itself dense, bright orange, and sweet while remaining vegetal the self-described "Pie baking specialist" proved to possess a deft hand with non-pies as well - the cream cheese frosting adding a slight tang without overwhelming and the subtleties of the cake; pretty much everything one could ask from carrot cake and entirely without the nuts or raisins so many others rely on to liven up the mix.Moving next to the pie - let it first be said that if you've not experienced Mamma Toledo's crusts then you should search for her truck right now and order whatever sounds best because no matter what sort of pie you fancy her crusts are superlative- flaky like a croissant, loaded with butter, and crisp enough to support the filling without being 'hard.'  Moving next to the filling, while I can only speak to the single pie I tasted I'll simply say that this was great - a thick pudding of cocoa and espresso with a light cream topping that helped to mellow the bitter notes without overwhelming them at all - the only thing missing was a cup of coffee to wash it down...or maybe some ice cream; either way I can't wait to go back for more.
4	I will admit I'm not much of a pie person unless it's pecan pie. However, Mama Toledo's has won me over. On three separate occasions, we've tried the chocolate pie, the coconut pie, and the pumpkin cheesecake. All were delicious! The crust is flaky and good, which is high praise coming from a gal who doesn't like crust. The husband, who loves crust, agrees it's really good. I really enjoyed that the pies tasted super fresh. They are also reasonably priced for a quick and tasty dessert. Definitely something to check out if you are ever given the chance!
5	So this little truck is always at the ASU block party on Wednesdays and every Wednesday my friend and I make the plan of eating at one truck and then coming here to get pies for home. And every week we get so full from eating at the other truck that we never end up coming here. Well, last week I decided to break our mold. I ordered my food, and while I was waiting marched straight over to Mamma Toledos to get my togo pies. About 2 minutes later, pies acquired. Now, i understand that these are mini versions of the ones sold on her website (?). In any case, at $5.99, theyre a steal.I got the coconut cream for my husband and the strawberry cheesecake for myself. My husband LOVED his. I got much praise for bringing him home such a delicious treat. I was a large fan of my cheesecake as well. It was creamy and delicious, and the crust was just the right thickness and crumbliness. Even 3 days later, still delicious.Take my advice. Get this before you decide on another truck (either at ASU or FTF), or whenever you see her out. You wont be sorry.
5	It's taken me at least a week to finish this review.  I'm at a loss on what to say about Mamma Toledo's pies that will do them justice...they're just that freakin tasty!!  I think Tonya puts crack in her pies! Tasty Tasty Crack Pie.    Other than my grandma, my mom, and myself - every other pie and pie crust I've had has fallen short.  Tender and flaky.  That's what a traditional pie crust should be like.  And the pies you purchase from Mamma Toledo's are just that - T&F!  (looks around for Alton Brown's Tender and Flaky boxing puppets) The fruit pies - I heat them up in the toaster oven for about 7 minutes.  The cheese and cream pies...eat'em cold..DUH!  ;)CRACK PIE!!!
5	Love in a pie crust!!  The quality and care she takes in her offerings definitely shines through.  While I do have a few must have favorites, I always try to try something new on her menu.  But it is REALLLLY hard for me to get beyond her Key Lime Pie (the decadent crust is like nothing I have ever had with other key limes), her eclairs (the perfectly sweetened REAL creamy custard filling topped with a dark chocolate ganache) or any of her fruit topped cream cheese pies....Oh I love Mamma Toledo's sooo much I usually find myself running past her truck just so I am not tempted to stop EVERY time I see her.  But then again there are times I will go out of my way to drive where she is stationed after she announces on Facebook that she has eclairs that day. Mmmmmm.....Mamma Toledo's!!!
5	This is the other reason why I would go back to Food Truck Friday (see review for torched goodness). I have gone here two times and LOVE IT. I always take two home for my father in-law and he agrees. I like to get the peanut butter one and the cheese cake one was delicious too. This should be your second stop at Food Truck Friday, if not they will be sold out.
3	I like her coconut cream pie and chocolate cream pie, although the crust is not my favorite - a little too thick and crumbly. It's not expensive, but I wouldn't go so far as to say it's a "great value" like another reviewer did. I feel like at most restaurants you can order a dessert for $6-8 that will feed at least two people. The pies you get here are $5 and definitely would only feed one person.  I get full very quickly, but even I can eat a whole pie here.  Plus, I usually see this food truck at lunch at the Phoenix Public Market, and I'm just not in the mood to spend $5 on dessert at lunchtime.
3	I really did not think these pies were anything to write home about. Maybe her full size pies and cupcakes are better. Tonight at the Neil Gaiman event I purchased a cup of pie, peanut butter and chocolate pudding and a Coconut Cream crusted mini pie. They both tasted store bought to me. I actually felt sick after eating one and ended up throwing half the pie away. Oh well. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing or maybe it was just too hot and my taste buds were off. Like Mia says, I did not like the crust either. Too hard for me. I am picky about baked goods being from NY and having homemade pie makers in my family and as good friends. Meh!  However, the lady is very nice so three stars. She was packed and still managed to serve with a smile. Sorry to the pie lady who probably did not know 1,000 people were going to descend on her. lol Also, her website and marketing ploy/ads are hilarious and genius. I love funny!
4	Woah mamma this place knows pies and sweets.  Conveniently located within Sit and Stay, Mamma Toledo's offers the perfect opportunity to dine in and enjoy a sweet treat or take it on the road to your next adventure.  I do not yet have a favorite pie as I have not found one that I am not impressed with yet.  The crust is always incredible as the fillings, so it makes it very difficult to say the pie would be better if... because Toledo's just nails it.  Let me know if you find a favorite and I will definitely try it if I have not tried it already.
5	The pies are excellent, but I go here for the eclairs. Delicious.
4	I'm not typically a sweets eater. I usually prefer savory to sweet, I'd rather have dinner than dessert any day. I crave pie maybe once a year, and today was that yearly occurrence. I've been wanting to try Mamma Toledo's ever since I had brunch at Short Leash about a week ago. My friend and I were having serious sweet tooth cravings so off we went in pursuit of pie. I find it to be slightly odd that Mamma Toledo's is located inside of the short leash restaurant, and that hasn't really been touched on very much in other reviews. When I called to see if Mamma Toledo's was open before heading out, no one answered. We took a risk and headed down anyway. There were so many delicious options, it was mind blowing. We almost went home with four different varieties. We settled on two, apple crumble and chocolate cherry creme respectively. Although, I think we both wish that we had taken home a brown sugar peach and a pecan as well. If only Mamma Toledo's served pie by the bite. What a wonderful world that would be. I'm sincerely concerned about becoming a Type II Diabetic with Mamma's being so nearby. Mamma, please consider selling pie by the bite, my waistline and taste buds would be appreciative. I can't wait to go back, Mamma Toledo's may have created a pie-eating monster.
4	every single thing i have had here has been fantastic, love it. someone else on here noted that the eclairs are great and THIS IS SOME REAL TALK. you really can't go wrong here. when you walk in to Sit...Stay, i would personally advise you to skip dinner and go straight to the left for the lil pie corner.
5	Yum! Normally I'm not big on cakes or pies.. But these are delicious! I've had the coconut cream and cheesecake! They also offer "cup size" pies! Perfect for a little treat!
4	Got their chocolate cream pie, the filling was very yummy! The crust wasn't amazing but it did the job. $5.50 for a mini pie that can be shared and saved for later. Looking forward to trying the key lime pie next time!
4	Mango, chili, lime, oh my! This pie is awesome. The first bite is strange as it's spicy, yet rich and tart. Go past the first bite and you'll be back for more (if you can handle the spice!). I enjoy Mama Toledo's!
5	Green chile apple! Everything about this pie is perfection: the mix of sweet and savory and spicy in a heavenly crust. Everything I have had so far from Mama Toledo's is lovely and so well executed, the chocolate cream, coconut cream and the key lime.   But after having the green chile apple on a whim, no other pie ever will match up. So happy they moved to the best restaurant neighborhood in Phoenix!
3	Tried this place for the first time tonight. I really enjoyed the key lime pie's creaminess and the crust was awesome. The blueberry fruit pie I got for my wife had a good crust but the filling itself was average. I might return to this shop to try some of the other pies but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.
5	I am so happy they moved a little more north...closer to home.I am really enjoying they new pot pies, creating a all in one restaurant instead of just a dessert place.My faves right now is the chicken pot pie and the key lime pie.
5	I know I should write a more descriptive review of this place...but this is what you are going to get.Go eat there! Get the mango chile lime mini pie! It is to DIE FOR! I can't wait to go back and see what other goodness they create!
1	As a big advocate for downtown restaurants, I'm glad to see Mamma Toledo's is doing sufficient business as to be unconcerned with inventory, variety, pricing or service. Tonight, I stopped in to buy a whole pie. Sadly, but not uncommon to my experience, they didn't have any whole pies and what was available was VERY limited.  They did have 3/4th of an apple pie.  Whole pies are $19.00.  I offered $15 for it (more than 3/4th of the $19 whole pie price). The woman at the counter told me she could only sell me the pie at the per-piece price which came to $21.50.  I said thanks but no thanks.  I prefer the Pie Snob's pie anyway.
2	This place is kind of a dive, pies are just left out on the counter which made me nervous to eat/order them.  I was expecting amazing pie and it was disappointing. The coconut cream was mostly whipped cream with very little filling.  The peanut butter mini pie was better, but nothing amazing.
5	Cute little storefront with an awesome selection of pies. There are more options of cream-based pies rather than fruit but that's fine by me. The coconut cream is something to savor. Love it!
4	Came in to try the pie and we will definitely be back - and we will probably order some pies to take home for a holiday party too. The French Silk was especially good. The chocolate mousse filling was excellent. The fruit pies available in the case had crumble topping so were a little too sweet for my taste but, again, the fruit filling was very good. My one complaint is that I wish they had a bit more selection available for people who drop in for a piece. But, otherwise, I highly recommend this place. So nice to see a local pie shop in town!
