4	I love Le Peep.  Its even worth the drive from East Blvd all the way to the Arboretum, just to enjoy their delicious Breakfasts, and fast friendly service.  I really like the sausages here, they are big and plump, and they have that outer covering made of skin that pops when you first put your fork through it, and the meat and grease come gushing out, oh yeah.  Le Peep also has some massive delicious pancakes, I'm partial to the Blueberry, but all of them are good.  Sundays are really busy, so be ready to wait a little, but if its a nice Carolina day, grab a seat outside and enjoy the fresh air with your orange juice and eggs.  They cook their over easy eggs really well, also.  When my girl and I go there we usually get the Lumberjack Breakfast, and split it, and then I get a side of eggs and sausage, and we're good to go.
4	Le Peep is an awesome brunch place. It's never very crowded, which is refreshing in Charlotte, where many of the breakfast and brunch places get overwhelming, especially on the weekends. It's bright and cozy inside, and it's great for conversation. There aren't lots of vegetarian options on the menu other than the pancakes and waffles, but the staff is flexible and willing to help you set something nice up. I had the California Turkey panini without the turkey and bacon, and the waiter didn't even give me any attitude about changing the menu options. There's also lots of breakfasty-stuff, so it's one of those wonderful places where it's kind of safe to bring anyone...no matter if the group wants lunch or breakfast or meat or vegetarian or sweets or whatever...Le Peep can accomodate.
2	I went to the Le Peep in Orlando once for brunch in the early 2000s.  I was amazed by the 80s country decor with hunter green tones.  (Note: sarcasm.)  After moving to Charlotte and not aware yet of any brunch places, we decided to give the Le Peep here a try.  Wow--same thing.  It's like every Le Peep was built in the 80s and hasn't changed a thing since.  Their menu items for brunch are pretty good, but the atmosphere kills it for me.  You'd do better going to Good Ol' Days just on the other side of the Arboretum shopping plaza.  1950s decor = cool.  1980s decor = uncool.  But maybe if they wait around a couple more decades they'll be considered "retro."  Who knows?  For me, now that I've discovered them, there are much better brunch options in Charlotte.
3	Been once.This place has a book for a menu with so many options for breakfast or lunch. It's a brunch type of place, where old people like to go. You can tell by seeing the crowd dining in this place. Nonetheless, the food is just typical breakfast food that comes out in big portions. The service is ordinary and a great place to go! It's a great place to go with groups and kids as well. Easy to find restaurant.
3	I tried this place for the first time today. Pros: - Quantity of food: When they say two large eggs come with the meal, they mean it. I thought it was like 3.5 eggs.- Service: They were pretty fast for a Sunday morning. The server told me the corned beef hash came from a can which allowed me to make the informed choice not to get it.Cons:- Their signature peasant potatoes could have used some seasoning. They tasted dry. Maybe I caught them on an off day but they have potential. In fact, most of the food could stand some seasoning.Verdict: I would go here again. The pancakes looked really good. It's about the same price as Cracker Barrel with larger servings and less flavor. Better seasoning would have garnered a 4-star rating from me.
2	Some folks are of the opinion that it's damn near impossible for a restaurant to screw up breakfast. Trust me, it's possible. And while to say that Le Peep screws it up would be an exaggeration, they don't exactly get it right either. For the price and the wait, I'd expect that they'd do much better.
1	If you enjoy dining with flies, then look no further! Le peep is the place for you!Three stars, really? I mean, really? I don't know about anyone else, but I don't want my food with a side of fly. Flies, flies, everywhere--even near my food!  If the fly-fest at brunch wasn't enough, the service at Le Peep was just as terrible. So bad in fact that I would even go so far as to say it was the worst service I'd ever had. And the place was empty, only two other tables besides mine were occupied, so the busy excuse is out the window. And the food, dear God, the food was foul. So terrible that after taking one bite, I had to cover the offending plate with the only napkin I'd been given, so as not to be reminded of it's taste. And the atmosphere--what atmosphere? Mcdonald's has a better atmosphere than Le Peep. And at Mcdonald's I don't feel the need to be armed at the ready with a flyswatter in each hand. What a filthy restaurant. I took a shower when I got home. Three stars? Come on. Even in Charlotte, where good food is nothing but a fanciful dream, this was bad--shockingly bad.This place deserves negative stars! Better yet, shut it down.
3	ALMOST a quaint hole in the wall feeling for the queen of all suburb towns.  ALMOST.But no.  Charlotte is forever doomed to suburban boredom.
1	VERY BAD EXPERIENCE.  My husband and I ate brunch at Le Peep in Charlotte today, 12/13/10.  It was our first and last visit.  Online there was a nice menu and what looked like an upscale restaurant.  I purchased a Groupon certificate so that we at there even though the floors were dirty, many table cloths were ripped, and it was cold. The first thing to arrive was my cappuccino.  I looked around for cinnamon, as there was none served with the drink or on the table, I had to walk up to the cashier to obtain some.  Eventually my husband's order arrived, minus the avocado that was a feature of the omelet.  Had he been notified upon ordering or shortly thereafter that there was NO avocado available, he would have ordered something different.  I also had a problem with my crepe.  The crepes were only room temperature as were the potatoes.  I did not send them back, because it had taken a long time to arrive at our table, and I wasn't going to have my husband wait for me to receive my order and sit there while I ate it with nothing in front of him.  The bacon was of poor quality.  Prior to leaving, my husband used the men's room and the stall closure was broken, hanging down, unusable.  That was something anyone who cares for the restroom would have seen.   It was all extremely disappointing, and I would never eat there again, and I certainly would not recommend it to anyone.   It was really bad.
4	Come before 9 on Sunday or you'll be waiting.The food selection is perfect for breakfast or brunch. If you are looking for ambiance, this is not your place, but if you want a good, solid meal at a fair price with great service, then it IS your place. :)
4	I am a huge fan of their Sir Benedict omelet (which is made with chicken, broccoli, and hollandise sauce), while my boyfriend loves their waffles or french toast.  The place stays busy, so plan on a wait.  20 - 30 minute wait is typical on Saturday/Sunday. The food is good and price is average. Service is hit or miss - sometimes it is really good and sometimes not so much...
2	Let's just start off by saying that I will not return to this location.  This is a chain that has a surprisingly loyal following, but I will not be part of that multitude and here is why.The interior has no sound abatement, so one cannot hear or understand the waitress.  This morning it was only a third full and I cannot possibly imagine what a roar it would be if it were full of patrons.I ordered eggs over medium, sausage and potato, along with "plain" English muffin and juice.  My son ordered scrambled eggs, potato and corned beef hash.  Upon pretty fast service we were confronted with my fried eggs well-done hard, potato so dry that they sucked all the moisture from your mouth and were flavorless to boot.  Not a lick of salt, onion, oil, parsley or anything other than those miserable potato rectangles.  Sausages were good, flavorful and not greasy.  The "plain" English muffin came with the oil that they try to pretend is butter.  I handed the muffin to the waitress and reminded her that I wanted "plain".  She promptly informed me that they had two types of muffin, plain and whole wheat and I ordered plain.This is when my son and I exchanged glances and knew, really knew that this was not our day to buy lottery tickets.It is like ordering "regular" coffee in Mass and getting cream and sugar in it.  So be careful in your vocabulary or your expectations will be shattered.  Seek clarity from you waitress, if you can hear her and if she can her you.  My son's corned beef was straight out of the can, it just had been heated and broken apart from the can shape before serving.  We both left disappointed.  When the cashier asked "how was everything" she was simply going through the formula motions because she did not miss a beat in making change along with my silence.  It seemed that Le Peep is asleep both up front and in the kitchen.I did look at the computerized bill and there was no descriptor for how eggs were to be cooked or for the muffin.  They must just trust the kitchen to cook it as they see best at any given time and if the waitress (yes, they were all females) is not on top of them the patron is at the mercy of the kitchen crew's judgement.With so many restaurants and other forms of eating establishment in Charlotte don't waste your time at this particular Le Peep.  It appears that they are not worth a peep.
3	Their biscuits and gravy just ain't that good.  All I kept hearing is "You gotta try the biscuits and gravy".  Save yourself and don't.The omelettes are good - you won't go home hungry.  I wish they had hash browns but they have home fries.Expansive menu could get confusing and time consuming if you can't make up your mind. They leave a carafe of coffee on the table - that's a plus.It's actually kind of expensive for a breakfast spot.Go early or call ahead on Sundays.  It gets packed - people like their breakfast here in the South.
4	I thought that Le Peep's was very good.  I liked how it was not such a big place, but the right size.  I had ordered the Desperado skillet and really enjoyed it.  It was a pretty big size that I wasn't expecting so much!  I had to bring some of it home.  It was still tasty when I ate it later.  I do recommend this place.
5	Love this place! Spanish omelette is the best! We try to go a few times a month. Frequent eater card is a nice bonus. Definitely try this place!
4	For a good brunch, David and I keep coming back to Le Peep.  I love their omelettes, especially the Sir Benedit Omelette  However, but on yesterday's visit, I decided to try something new. I got the Eighteen Wheeler combo which includes 2 pieces of french toast, 2 eggs, home fries, and 2 pieces of bacon or sausage (which happily, they will substitute turkey bacon or sausage for no extra charge.)  David ordered one of his favorite omelettes - the Greek omelette with a side of fruit.
1	More like Le Plop! Second time was NOT a charm. Thought I'd go back and give it another try after a mediocre breakfast the first time. I tried the "18 Wheeler". It comes with eggs, bacon or sausage, "peasant" potatoes and french toast. The meal was just bland, I've had a better breakfast at a T/A truck stop on Route 80. Eggs are eggs, link sausage was barely cooked, "peasant" potatoes were just that, poor! They lacked taste and texture. The french toast was two large pieces of bread, over dipped in a plain, tasteless batter. Using sliced sandwich bread for french toast was sub par for a restaurant with a name like Le Peep. The service was fine, the waitress can't help the lack of ability in the kitchen. It has gotten dirtier from my last visit over 18 months ago. The carpet was dirty and the walls were banged up. Le Plop needs a face lift. In agreeing with the other yelpers, the decor is lacking. There weren't many patrons dining during my visit and it was extremely loud. Good Luck! It seems their weekend faithfuls keep them afloat! Does the South lack taste buds and palates?
2	We made the mistake of going out for brunch at 2 pm, which seems to be the a no-no in Charlotte. So I see this sign that says "breakfast served ALL day" and I figured out perfect!Our first visit there (and last) I'm trying to figure out the menu. I ask the waitress "it says here all scrambled eggs" can I have sunny side up instead?". She says "Of course, anyway you want them other than hardboiled!"Five minutes later I decide to order the "dawn breaker" special with fried eggs, the waitress says"no that one is only available with scrambled eggs and you HAVE TO hurry up because the kitchen closes at 2:30""someone could have let us know before they sat us down, outside it says ALL day"  she answers "but it doesn't say dinner!"  Good move dummy trying to win an argument with the client. I tell her ok but I want the eggs lightly scrambled not well done.And of course I got scrambled eggs so overcooked they were hard enough to be hard boiled, and the bacon was MIA from the plate and the country potatoes were frozen. The reason I gave them 2 stars instead of 1 is because when I told the waitress that no, the food was not good she got the manager who came over, inquired and adjusted the bill. It still came to $11 for a salad and two coffees but I was not in the mood to go over the bill.When I stepped outside there were several dark grey streaks of grease from the seat on the back of my left calf, luckily I was wearing shorts. WTH that really takes the cherry.
4	So many of the breakfast places in this area are really hit-or-miss in terms of food and service... but for me, Le Peep consistently serves good food.  And lately, the service has been much better for us. Here, I am never disappointed with my food.  I like the fact that they will happily substitute items without making a huge deal of it. We figured this place would be a zoo on Christmas Eve, but it was not - no wait for a table, yay!
5	Amazing! Delicious! Must Have!Ordered Crab Cakes Benedict, Belgian Waffle, and White Mocha. Yes that's 2 dishes but hahaha I couldn't decided and I wanted it all. Egg was poached perfectly. Crab cakes was full of real crab meat and not overwhelmed by bread crumbs. Belgian Waffle was scrumptious. White Mocha was incredible. I'd recommend to all. Everyone is kind and very warming. Will visit on a monthly basis. Love it!!!!
5	Eaten here many times (breakfast only) and I have never walked away unhappy!  The service is fast and the food is great.
4	Upscale from the usual diner breakfast, this was solidly delicious with great service and great food. After reading the reviews and the tips, I chose the pancakes, which came with bacon and an egg. Bonus points for being able to poach it and as well for the bacon being cooked just the way I like it - not burned and crispy but cooked through. And the pancakes? Excellent. Thick and fluffy and tasty.Coffee was good. Served with a carafe so I wouldn't have to wait for a waitress to notice my empty cup. Why don't more places do it this way?
4	Chocolate Chip Pancakes or the regular Pancakes with LOTS of Whipped Butter?  Both are really good and are making a BIG Breakfast!  Today it was Chocolate Chip Pancakes with just a little Whipped Butter because I have to lose weight and I have high Cholesterol (I counting this as a public proclamation that I'm going to do something about it, on Monday).Three Links of "Hawg-Wild" Sausage, I was planning on eating two and taking one home and I did!  This is one of my favorite links of Sausage... It has a good flavor and i give it 4 yelp stars!Hash Browns "Cubed and Fried" (on a hot griddle) is one of my favorite Potato preparations...  This was my only disappointment and not a big one. I have had these before, forgot that I did not care for them here and ordered them today.  Since "Eddies Place" is King of this "hash brown" style, Le Peep gets 3 stars for the potatoes. The Service here is laid back, which I appreciate since I am almost never in a hurry.  I notice each time I have eaten here, none of the patrons seem to be in a hurry!!!  A leisurely Breakfast, with the one you LOVE or, or, or alone.  I'll probably have a date next time!Patio and outdoor Dining!  This is a cool, cozy, partially private (in a nice way) spot!  Reminds me of the Charming Cafe (not the one in the Opening and Closing Scenes) in the movie "Ronin" though it looks nothing like the Cafe in the Movie, it is the Romantic idea for me!No fan of most Chains, here is one of my FEW exceptions!  When I finally decided to move to Charlotte I was glad for Le Peep!Las Colinas is where I first fell in Love with Le Peep... This was a weekend long Bachelor Party for Robbie the Love Knobby and when one of the guys (it was all guys) chose the Restaurant we thought he was kidding... "We said what is it ?"  He said "French", we said "What"???  "Le Peep" ...So we thought maybe we were going to the chain "Popeye's", cause it was a joke taking a bunch of men to a French Restaurant for Breakfast..  So we were saying "Le Popeye"... This guy was not kidding and that was my introduction to Le Peep!  I fell in Love!The Love Affair continued in the next spot when I was considering moving the the Phoenix/Scottsdale Area... Another Le Peep!  This one may be gone now???
4	Living in Charlotte for over 15 years, I am s00pah embarrassed how long it took me to try Le Peep, especially after going and finding everything DELICIOUS!!!We went for a Saturday brunch around 1pm before I headed to work and were seated right away by a nice lady hostess. After a bit of a wait, our overworked waitress got our orders, drinks and left us looking at the kinda cheesy, kinda Roman, kinda Garden Ridge, kinda homey feeling decor. I didn't mind it but this place it's la-te-da so FYI for all you la-te-da kind folks out there!I dove right in to the crab cake benedicts and home fries for my meal and I was not disappointed! Huge cakes, great seasoning, and potato chunks that are funky and chunky in all the best ways, I was singing a song of MMMM and OMMMM on my side of the table all meal! Definitely would get again in a heart beat!The date got pancakes but honestly forget which ones, but end of the story is that he said they were amazing too and we left with ZERO doggie bags in tow.All in all, I am looking forward to going back again - we got out for under $30 for 2 people and that's a WIN!
3	It was good solid brunch food, but it's not really anything I'd crave again.
2	We heard a lot about the breakfast here so decided to head over on a Saturday morning. I had the bacon, egg and cheese sandwich. I don't even remember what my fiance got, but I do remember her impression of her breakfast was as unmemorable as mine. With the options for breakfast in Charlotte, this is not a place we'll head back to soon.
2	For the amazing location this place has, and the number of tables full, I had high expectations.  However, I thought the food here was just ok.  The staff was very friendly and the menu had plenty of what looked like great selections, but when my food arrived, I was disappointed.My "breakfast potatoes" were dry, and a bit tough.  It's like they'd been baked, then fried.  Whatever it was, the texture was all wrong.  My egg dish was bland and a bit watery from the veggies in it.  It just created a kind of soup in the bottom of the dish, not very appealing.  My meal wasn't very hot, and even the toast seemed off, like the bread was already slightly stale.The coffee was good and the prices weren't bad, but in search of breakfast, I'll keep searching.  This place just didn't do it for me.
3	I want to love this place I really do but it was only okay for me. So first of all my service here was excellent probably it's biggest saving grace for me at this point and the ONLY reason for 3 stars. But now on to the food...I ordered the cafe Vienna (all of their espresso drinks supposedly have two shots of expresso as is standard) but it tastes just like the International house Cafe Vienna mix you get at the grocery store blah!! No way there is espresso in that!I asked my very attentive (sometimes overly so, but I was by myself) waitress what her suggestions were. She suggested the 18 wheeler which I had considered and then a bunch of super sweet things. So I went with the 18 wheeler which consists of 2 eggs, 2 sausage links or bacon, French toast, and their peasant potatoes.  Now my first red flag (after the coffee) was that I got my food less than 5 min after ordering??!  My eggs were scrambled like I asked but they were too wet for my taste, ( a lot of people like that so I didn't factor it into my rating). The sausage came highly recommended and it was my favorite part of the meal!! The French toast was okay, rather dry, but nothing special about it and the peasant potatoes while well seasoned were so dry not even ketchup could rescue them. Now as I've sat here I've noticed people's food comes almost immediately after they order just like mine did... I hope theirs is hotter than mine was as everything on my plate was lukewarm and some of it very cold. I'd rather wait 20 min for food and get it hot than have cold food and no wait!! I hear they have great sandwiches so I'll have to come back for lunch one day but as far as breakfast goes its a miss for me!
4	South Charlotte, while having an abundance of most everything else, seems to have a lack of quality breakfast establishments. Enter Le Peep. While not being a super flashy joint, Le Peep doles out fresh and tasty breakfast items that satisfy the senses. My choice today - tomato and cheese omelet. The hubbys pick - banana and strawberry crepes. The best part - you'll find neither item on the menu. They totally let us customize and create our own (good thing since I'm a veg-head). The waitress didn't even blink when hubby made his strange (yet super yummy) pick. Just smiled and said "sounds good"!Breakfast isn't breakfast with out a good cup o' Joe. Le Peep delivered yet again. My own carafe of coffee on the table. And good coffee at that! Waitstaff was good - we weren't bothered by them much, yet we weren't ignored either. Service was fast and correct. Just a few things to point out : I saw no flies like a previous reviewer said. Zip. Zero. None.There wasn't a wait when we went, despite the fact that it was 10:30 on a Saturday. We caught a glimpse of the pancakes - HUGE! They over took the plate. Last word: I'd go again. I plan on Taking the 'rents here when they are in town next time.
3	Mom and I went here for brunch on a Tuesday. Mom ordered the Hen Pen (I think) with turkey sausage and "very soft" scrambled eggs. I got the turtle mocha and Salmon & Avocado wrap with waffle fries. Lisa our server was very knowledgable and on top of things. My wrap was so delicious; the only thing being that the feta was so unevenly distributed, I only tasted it in one big clump in one of the wrap halves! Also, the mocha she brought out wasn't the one in the "turtle mocha" description; I didn't taste the caramel and it was missing the crumbled walnuts. Mom's dish was great...until she got to the eggs. They were so visibly NOT soft scrambled, I was kind of disappointed Lisa even brought them out. She offered to take them back, but mom's been watching those "bad restaurant" shows and she was hungry so they just stayed on the plate and, predictably, weren't eaten. It was mom's second time coming there, and the first time far out-shined this one, just on the basis of getting her eggs wrong this time.
2	This place is, it's okay. I guess. Sunday brunch rolls around and I love brunch so I like to go to different brunch places. Most reviews were pretty alright and when we got there a lot of tables were empty since it was about 1pm. I like to sleep late, okay?I ordered the eggs benedict "Irish", which is served with corned beef hash instead of ham. It was really weirdly crunchy, and I didn't finish it. My friend ordered a skillet (I am not exactly sure of which one) and their cheese was also crunchy. The cheese, it was crunchy. Why was the cheese crunchy? He also ordered a single biscuit with gravy and he got a single biscuit with some type of white gravy. The gravy had large sliced up pieces of sausage and he did not finish it. I also ordered a coke, and it was really syrupy and tasted as if the ice had melted in it but they just put more coke in it to cover that. Soda is a hard thing to screw up on, but if you do that successfully then I worry about you.The service was meh. Our server looked unhappy and distant, sort of like a girlfriend who is mad at her boyfriend but isn't going to tell him why and when he asks she says "nothing", which is a lie because everything is wrong. Trust me, everything.
4	Skillets...... yum!  I like all breakfast places, but any place that can pull off a decent skillet moves to the top of my list.  They have all the usual breakfast items (benedicts, egg platters, etc), but, IMO, their skillets are what separates them from other breakfast joints.  My favorite = The Wanderer or The Mega.  My daughter loves the chocolate chip pancakes (duh).  Wife loves their Belgian waffles.Staff members are friendly.  Wait staff hustles.  The arrival and check out processes are a little kooky (meaning there's not much space to wait when you first walk in, which happens to be the same place others are lining up to pay after their meal), but other than that, this place works for us.
4	Ate at Le Peep for the first time last week. Although my service was not particularly exceptional, my panini was delicious. Will I return? Most definitely.
2	Brought my youngest to breakfast here.  We were seated right away, and ordered within about 10 minutes.  Our food was out in a reasonable amount of time.  My Spinnaker (egg white omelet with mushrooms, bacon, and spinach) was pretty good, although I ended up eating around a lot of the bacon.  It wasn't crispy, and seemed kind of flabby.  Ew.  Overall though, it was pretty decent for egg whites.  The potatoes were pretty good.  Seasoned well, and not as greasy as in many places.  My meal also came with an English muffin, either white or honey wheat.My son ordered a funny face pancake.  Now, I know that this is going to sound picky, but the pancake started with the standard round pancake, with a face made with whipped cream and a couple of pieces of fruit.  It got a little weird when they added 2 ears, sort of like Mickey Mouse.  If Mickey had gotten caught in some kind of farm machinery.  One ear was maybe 2 inches around.  The other was huge, and more like a giant tumor off of the head part.  Seems like if you are going to bother trying to make it fun for kids, just do it right.  If you are pouring a pancake and see that you have totally jacked it up, stop cooking that one and pour another one.  It's maybe a few cents worth of wasted batter, right?  The pancake tasted fine, but the syrup container they brought was SO hot that we couldn't touch it.  The waitress even warned us about it.  I tried to let it cool for a minute, but then our food was getting cold.  I ended up grabbing it with a napkin like a pot holder, but it was really a mess.After eating, we waited.  And waited.  I tried to make eye contact with our waitress, but she walked over to a table and sat down, talking to a customer.  Seemed like she was also taking his order, but also just chatting.  I dunno... I wouldn't rule out returning, but I'm not going to go out of my way to do so.
2	Sunday breakfast is my favorite meal of the week, and a good yogurt & granola parfait with fruit is my favorite breakfast, so I was pretty excited to see that Le Peep had a Breakfast Banana Split on their menu, which on the website was listed as "bananas, strawberries, yogurt and granola."  Yum. Perfect.  Upon arriving at Le Peep and taking a glance at the menu, I saw that it was listed as bananas, strawberry syrup, strawberry yogurt and granola.  Hmmmm, not as excited.  What came out was an old banana split in half in a bowl of store-bought strawberry yogurt with frozen blueberries and strawberries in their respective juices.  It was a lot of liquid all meshing together wrong and tasting pretty processed.  The coffee was pretty bad, and I'm no coffee snob.  The fella got corned beef hash with potatoes, eggs and an English muffin.  He said the English muffin and eggs were the best part... I couldn't even see any seasoning on the potatoes, and he said he couldn't taste any either.The atmosphere leaves a lot to be desired with Pepto-Bismol colored walls, wood paneling and stenciled stone murals.  The service was great, but the place just felt... sad.  Perhaps we should've caught on to the fact that the Manhattan Bagel place two shops down was more busy than the actual breakfast place.
5	Since we moved to Charlotte, Le Peep has always been the go to place for breakfast. The food is great, the people are friendly and if you get there early enough on Sunday the lines aren't too long . . . yet. I always go for the french toast and bacon. It's fantastic. the skillets (The Lumberjack, The Wanderer, etc) are probably what they are known for but everything they make is delicious.Also they have a program where you get one breakfast every time you get your card stamped 10 times.Great place. But if you don't try it that's okay because the line will be just that much shorter when I want to go.
5	Great place for a party no bigger than four. Not huge, but quaint and it utilizes the place to its capacity for dining. Menu's healthy and eccentric. Service is on-time and the though the place looks congested upon arrival, the traffic flows to where you're seated within ten minutes of your arrival AT THE LATEST. No complaints about the food whatsoever. I even want to re-visit to try something different.
3	I guess I was expecting to be transported to a quaint little French Bistro when I walked into La Peep. The name lends itself to that don't you think? Sadly I walked into a dark, dated, cave like environment  with the testosterone level well over 100%.  My dear friend and I were the only ladies in the place. It was rather strange. The service was fine. I had the egg, tomato and artichoke scramble and let me tell you, it was the UGLIEST plate of food I have ever seen but very tasty! I would order it again and maybe this time eat it blindfolded hehe.
4	On a road trip to New York, we decided to stop in Charlotte for the night, before heading out the next morning a friend recommended that we have breakfast at Le Peep.   It was the best suggestion and detour.  The wait was a little bit long, but definitely worth the wait.  The food was home-style cooking all the way, and the prices very affordable.No doubt that the next time I'm in Charlotte, we'll be back.  But if you're lucky you might find one in your town as they are a chain restaurant.
2	Nothing "sensationnel" about this place.  If you are looking for a french bistro feel go to Epcot.  The decor or lack of it was cold and run down. Pancakes and waffles looked good and were big.  Their sausage was tasty and the hot chocolate was rich . Everything else I tried meh. We ordered biscuits to start and they had a "reheated for a third time" texture and taste.  They were already cut in half so they could reheat the inside. I ordered the bagel sandwich trying to keep it simple but after a long session of jaw aerobics trying to chew the rubber-like, over-fried egg I only ate half from exhaustion.  The "Peasant Potatoes" were cold and not fresh and trademarked? WHY? Service was ok but making a line to pay is for fast food restaurants and the always reliable Waffle House.
3	I've been here twice now.  I don't remember what I had the first time, but I did have the  chicken pesto panini this time.  It was ok.  I had the salad for the side with the balsamic vinaigrette dressing.  This is probably the worst dressing I've had.  It's water-based & just terrible.  You can always judge a place by it's salad dressing.  I doubt I will be back.
4	Love this place and yea, we are foodies, eating in a non foodie world here. We will try anything, love fancy, love holes in the wall, and like local, local local. Yea, this place isn't anything special on the fancy side or foodie side nor is it a hole in the wall. Just your average brunch/lunch place in atmosphere and surroundings. Locally franchised. HOWEVER, having tried EVERY, and I swear, EVERY brunch spot in South Charlotte, from the Terrace Cafe's of the world, to Skillet's (now Broken Egg), to New South (next door to Le Peep), to Vine American Kitchen, 131 Main, Flying Biscuit, Big View (YUCK!) etc. etc. etc. this one actually has the highest rating for us next to Terrace Cafe. The skillets are yummo, our eggs are always perfectly cooked as ordered, the kids menu sufficient and pleasing with coloring and games to boot, and the service is ALWAYS good. They are consistent, have a very large and diverse menu, something for everyone. The crab cake benedict is a tad heavy on the breadcrumbs and less on the crab side but hey, this isn't your froo froo brunch spot, so have realistic expectations when you go and order accordingly. My other half got the corned beef hash skillet on his first visit here with us and blurted out "FINALLY"! He had finally found a spot in South Charlotte with the salty NJ diner type hash he had been seeking, not fried potatoes some places actually call "hash". This is a favorite spot of ours, make it one of yours too!
2	Read all of the positive reviews so we went to Le Peep this past Mother's Day. Very disappointed!  The food is very average. We ordered the sausage skillet, omelet and pancakes.  All were over cooked. The decor is very dated and desperately needs an update.  Will not be returning.
4	The breakfast in my opinion is the best, and everything tasted fresh and well cooked. There's not much to say about it but if you are looking for somewhere that's quiet and has good food then this is a good restaurant for you.
3	A great breakfast/brunch spot. The skillets are great (very large) and the omelettes were delicious. Note: I've been 4 times but only for breakfast.  The ingredients seem fresher than typical diner. For some bizarre reason the salsa is served piping hot, which doesn't work. They have to cool it down for you (they don't keep any cold). This has happened all 4 times for me. Tables only: no booths. Attentive friendly staff.  Frequent diner card available. All in all a great brunch place in the arboretum.
4	Have had hundreds of breakfasts over the years.  Consistently good breakfast food.  Good prices and generally outstanding service.  Plenty of choices from lighter fare to traditional American breakfast to full on steak and eggs, large omelets, etc.  Nice atmosphere.  Convenient and fast.
4	Great place for Sunday brunch with the family - they have all of my favorites - pancakes are hot and the omelette a are fresh
3	Pretty quiet for 1 in the afternoon on a Friday. Decor leaves a lot to be desired- dark and gloomy inside on a bright day. We both had the Hen Pen. English muffin was burned, hash browns were so so but the sausage and scrambled eggs were fine (how could you screw those up?) Service was good, coffee was good. $20 for 2 seemed reasonable, but I am not inspired for a return trip.
5	Food is Delicious!!! Just went two days in a row.  The manager is very friendly and doesn't mind sharing her favorite dishes!!! My mom seemingly the pickiest eater ever....is able to find something she loves or at least put it together.
4	Le Peep is your typical but delicious diner! I had the Hen Pen which was two eggs, three strips of bacon, potatoes and an english muffin. We were served our food quickly and devoured it just as quickly! I recommend Le Peep for a quick and simple breakfast
3	eggs Benedict- holandaise sauce was delicious. nice sized portions
3	Le Peep is pretty Le Great.  I really enjoyed my meal here as I'm a huge fan of breakfast anytime of the day.  I had a egg white omelette and it was delicious.  I did however have a couple drawbacks to mention unfortunately.  First was the time it took for visits to the table.  A little too much time in between visits created an issue where I literally had to go to the host station to request my check and pay for my bill.  The server was great mind you, but maybe overloaded.  Secondly, the salsa given was pretty hot, temperature wise.  I'm not a fan of hot salsa and I prefer it cold because the tomato dices don't disintegrate that way.  On the plus side, if the weather is nice it's a real treat to sit outside and soak up all that is suburbia.
4	Good Breakfast spot in Charlotte to bring the family.   Their regular scrambled eggs and their egg whites are both excellent.  The coffee is strong, which is great because that's how we like it!  The French toast is good but just ok.  I think the food came out a little cold instead if fresh and hot from the kitchen, so I think they can do a little better with timing.   The service was pretty good, no complaints there!
5	So yummy and affordable. I always bring out of town guest here for Sunday brunch!! Staff is always friendly, food has always been great. I usually stick to eggs, home style potatoes and turkey bacon but I always add a side of corn beef -so yummy!
