3	I agree with a couple of people who stated that the customer service in the store is not really great...but what do you expect with all the young kids that work there?? No one is really attentive, every time I come in, workers are always standing around having conversations with each other. I really think the store needs to work on their customer service skills and cleanliness. I understand people bring their dogs and accidents will happen, but the whole store should not sometimes smell like a pee scented store! The only positive note is the Banfield Hospital this location offers ( Silverado Ranch and Eastern). The nurses and receptionist are always friendly and helpful. Doctor Allison is AMAZING!!!!! I always feel at ease when I have to take my son dogs in for any kind of appointment. The workers in the store are really what make it a drag...if it wasn't for the Banfield Hospital, this place would only get one star!!!
4	I used to spend a lot of time in pet stores when my former college roommate would take me to go shopping for her dogs and numerous other pets (fish, mice, rabbits). This store felt alright. So made me give this store 4 stars?-Upon checkout, the short-haired cashier woman was very kind. She offered me plenty of useful information regarding training classes for the new puppy. And she all that without coming off pushy. She also set me up, rather quickly I may add, with the frequent shoppers card.-Dr. Allison Berday - we brought our newly adopted puppy for his first visit to establish him as a patient and to make sure he's up-to-date on all his health care needs. She is the BEST. So if you live in the area and are looking for a knowledgeable, caring vet, she's your lady.
5	I know what you're thinking, 'this is not a real vet,' but I assure you they are awesome! From the front desk to the assistants to the vets, I have had zero negative experiences and my dog goes to see them once a month for blood work. Not one negative experience in a year! They remember my name, they remember my dog's names, they treat me like they truly do value me and my pets. I really can't say enough about them. I get reminders, phone calls, in and out quickly and always with the best attitudes. I won't take my dogs anywhere else, ever. Don't let the fact that it's in Petsmart affect your decision, these are the best vets my dogs have ever gone to. You'll love them too!
1	I am writing this review to be informative and also see if others have experienced the same type of treatment as I did when I took my pooch in for an anal gland expression.     I took my dog in for a routine expression with Dr. Johnson and we were in and out of there in under 30 minutes.  The assistant indicated his glands were full and to come more regularly.  At this point I was pleased and planned to give them a thumbs up... after all the location is great and the service was quick!  However the next day our pup, Fray seemed visibly uncomfortable...two days later there seemed to be bleeding....I took him back to Dr. Johnston at Banfield to see if this was usual or was there a need for concern and had general questions about the overall health of Fray...after a deep breath he looked down and began a long narrative about their Wellness Plan and how this could save me money in the long run and what services were included....after about 10 minutes he said "Now to answer your questions..."  at which point he said he would need to take a closer look and  took Fray into the back to examine him....there was no examination done in front of me.  In a few minutes he returned to explain that his anal glands had ruptured and the process involved to clean and treat the trauma.  When I questioned how they could rupture after they were expressed by him two days ago he did not have any explanation but did note they were not ruptured at the time of his previous appointment.   He gave me a quote for the process required, mentioned the Wellness Plan again and said he would input some notes and I would be able to schedule the surgery at the front desk.  When I left the exam room to check out there were no notes and no treatment plan, not even antibiotics...The clerk said no notes had been entered yet, but to wait a few minutes...I shopped for a collar and returned to the front desk...still no notes.  She indicated the  doctor wanted to see Fray back in two weeks.  At this point I was a little confused given what the Vet has explained earlier.. I asked her wasnt this a bit urgent and she advised me to call back he next morning to see if any additional notes would be entered...I called and guess what, no notes.    I immediately took Fray to another Vet where he was treated right away and is healing nicely!  From the research I have done since this happened and the comments of the other veterinary service the fact the glands ruptured after the expression should not have happened.  I am also a bit suspicious how a hole appeared outside my dogs anus after he as examined by Dr. Johnson during our second visit, I had given Fray a bath immediately before this appointment and did not notice anything at all. Also the other Vet service mention the hole outside his anus and the gland did not seem to connect.....This is very questionable in my opinion!!   The Banfield Vet, Mr. Johnson seemed too  focused on selling pet insurance instead of the reason of my visit.  He seemed preoccupied and zoned out...a bit creepy.  I have read rave reviews about another Vet at this office, but I don't plan on returning to find out.I heard from Banfield about 2 weeks later asking if I wanted to schedule Fray for a teeth cleaning...I don't think so!!
4	It's been over two years since I've been here but the friendliness and helpfulness of all the staff has not changed! My dog was frightened, but their compassion eased both him and I!
4	My dog went in Tuesday for his rabies and distemper shots. I was kind of in a hurry to get him in and out but the doctors were having a meeting. So they gave me a free nail trim while I wait as and apology for waiting; what great service!The next day, they called me to check how he's doing! I was pleasantly surprised with the call and their sincere concern. They also reminded me of his next appointment coming up!
1	Please do not ever take your pet to banfield, I have had 2 wrong diagnoses that caused my poor shitzu unnecessary discomfort. The first issue was actually not at this location and was in CA so I thought I might have better luck with this location (this was my own fault, I should have never trusted another banfield). The first instance I had dropped off a fecal sample because he was acting sick & I thought my dog had some kind of worms, when I called they didn't find anything. One week later my dog had diarrhea all over my apt & was also throwing up. I physically brought him in and they told me he had 3 separate types of worms (when they had supposedly already tested the sample I brought him).The second instance I am still in the midst of. My dog had a tiny dot in the middle of his eye & it was watering a lot. I decided to take him to banfield on Friday, I called and told him the issue with his eye - they suggested I just drop him off because he was due for his comprehensive (he has the pricier package that includes a teeth cleaning which they put him under for). I agreed and dropped my little doggie off early that morning. They called me to ask if they could do a test on something they found in his throat that could potentially be cancerous - this cost 300 which I said I would pay. I pick him up around 5 & he is groggy from the teeth cleaning & his eye seems to look a little worse. They gave me an antibiotic to put in his eye a couple times a day, they said it could be an ulcer but they weren't sure ... I go to work that night & come home to a dog that looks like he has gone blind in one eye ... Its cloudy and that little dot is now 10x bigger and indented , I freak out and bring him in as soon as they open. They say it def looks worse but to continue to do what I am doing ... I didn't trust this diagnosis so I brought him to South Valley Animal Hospital , they stained his eye & told me it was the worst they have scene & sent me to an eye doctor today ... Also, when I brought him back to banfield they said worst case scenario - dogs are ok with one eye ... this is when I had brought him in with a tiny little mark ! So, 400 dollars later I believe we are finally on the right track. My issue with banfield is that they should have never done a comprehensive on my dog with an eye ulcer ... the worst thing you can do is put stress on the dog because it will make it worse ... They should have told me they weren't sure how to treat it instead of sending me home thinking my dog could lose his eye. It got 10x worse after spending the day at banfield, they should have checked his eye first before doing anything else. I think they played a big role in it getting worse.I am still waiting to hear back from the manager & obviously cancelling my plan ... The receptionist said if I cancel I will most likely be charged for services rendered on Friday , the services that caused greater damage to my poor dog!
1	Still waiting for them to cancel my account, have had to talk to about 4 different areas that each told me they could not do anything. I will continue to tell my friends and coworkers to avoid this vet.
1	So, the final word is that they will not cancel my wellness plan ... I signed a contract that they will not let me out of even though they cost me way more money than it would have been had I not done the comprehensive. I will have to pay out of my checking account  every month even though I would NEVER EVER take my dog to banfield again ... By the way , small services for pets cost way more here on the plan than they do at other hospitals with no plan ... Wellness plans do not save you money! If anyone has any ideas on how to get out of this plan, please let me know.
1	do not subject your innocent pet to emergency surgery due to their incompetent veterinary techmy 8 week old golden puppy walked in there happy and in one piecebut walked out with a prolapsed rectum!banfield on eastern avenuewill completely deny liability if your pet needs emergency surgery due to their vet techsover aggressive manner of stool sampling!!!!they will also deny the explanation of the trauma your pet suffered at their hands even though it is from the fantastic surgeon that we took him to at their recommended after hours animal hospital!!!!they trust him to do surgery but don't value his advanced expertise?!!! come on banfield !!!!  really?!animals trust us to keep them healthy, happy and safebanfield will leave your pet sore, exhausted, and whining!your animals deserve betterdont trust their care to banfield techs
4	This is Momo's primary spot for healthcare. They tend to be more on the expensive side when it comes to procedures, but the convenience in location and friendliness of staff does help offset the cost. They ladies at the front desk are always smiling and are readily available to answer any questions one might have about your pets health. Momo is a scamp and for that I need to make sure that she is healthy. They call when it is time for her comprehensive exam and I could not be more than happy. Sometimes life gets away with you and it is hard to keep track of a schedule. Now if only my dentist and optometrist would call me to remind me to come in.
5	They really care about your animal. I get constant updates, I have insurance on both of my kittens through banfield. Anyone saying anything negative is cheap on animal care. Yes, banfield isn't cheap... but you get what you pay for. My cats are loved, and the staff is amazing. 5 star rating everyday
1	Well, I had a bad experience with them.  I have a 11 year old pug that has allergies which we tried all kinds of medication. The only thing that works for him is Prednisone. He takes 1 every other day besides other oitments and special shampoo and food. Its been 5 years he is on it and hes never been so happy, breathing fine, his skin looks great. The doctor that used to take care of him left. Today I went there to pick up a refil (paid right away), but when I got home I realized the bottle was EMPTY. Not even 1 pill inside. The label says 30. I called them and they gave a hard time insinuating I was lying. The doctor(Lisa) said she would only give me again if I make another appointment (spend more money). I PAIDDDDD!!!  and it was empty!! I dont need another appointment. Im canceling my dogs plan there too and looking for another one. I dont recommended it to anyone. I wonder if she put those pills in another container and gave by mistake to another dog. Be careful.
