5	A young, pretty girl that works here was SOOOOOOOOO helpful and nice when I went in to switch a SIM card.  She was not a pushy salesperson at all and was very informative.  She even ran two transactions to give me the discounts she could.  She really made me feel like a valued customer.
4	We had a great experience and always have when we come here.  We are always greeted by someone to find out the reason for our visit.  Although I've never waited more than a few minutes when I've come in here.So my husband needed to upgrade his phone.  He picked it out and Gabe assisted us with the rest of the transactions! He answered any questions we had about the phone and our plan.  Easy Peasy, In and out!
4	I've been reviewing a lot of AT&T stores lately, I think I need an intervention. I was really impressed with this location. The store employee that helped me was extremely friendly and attentive. She sympathized with me and was very knowledgeable about the products and services while helping me with my service needs. I was in and out in minimal time on my lunch break and it still gave me ample time to run a few more errands before I had to get back to work.
5	Came here to add mobile hotspot on my phone so Ivan use my iPad everywhere and the service was awesome. 2 employees right at the door to ppl and a few employees ready to serve their guests. It took me literally 5 minutes and im out the door. The guy who helped me also walked me out and opened the door for me and wished a good day. Great service all around.
5	Great customer service by Tony! I always do my business with location because they make things quick and simple!
4	Four visits to understand why my phone was not activating correctly. Each visit offered a new insight on what was wrong with my switch from an Iphone to an Android. It was not really their fault for not knowing. As long as they put in the effort and eventually addressed the issue at hand, I am satisfied with the service.
1	The manager here is a JERK his name is Anibal Culk very Unprofessional. Talk about customer service, this guy has none. Talks down to you like you are the bad guy all because he is the manager. When your manger is a JERK all staff starts to be the same. Never have I been so disappointed about service with AT&T until I met him and was treated like I was a mentally challenged person.
1	Went to this store today to return a product that was past the 14 day return policy... I was on the 15th day. I had called and let them know that I was going to be a day late due to it being on Thanksgiving. They said it was fine and will help me out.  Got there and was past on to the Manger who's name is Anibal Culk,  he is the most unprofessional and unethical Manger I have ever dealt with, he is rude,  big headed and had the biggest power trip ever.  Told me to go sell my product On Craigslist and refused to give me the return after being told I could.  He then continue to make comments, so I went to call AT&T customer service and requested their service, they gladly went and accepted my return and will issue me a full refund. When he could have done it himself but refuse to service cause He had to be right and I was wrong. So who ever made this  a manager for this store needs to Re evaluate him and send him back to a customer service program where he needs to learn to listen to the customer and get off of his high horse. Management position.
4	I have an I Phone but still not the most familiar on how to use it... I'm use to using a blackberry.  The sales associates greeted me right when I walked through the doors and was giving great instructions on proper usage of my new phone and addressed the problems I had.  All in all happy with the provider, level of customer service, and the understanding of my lack of understanding of technology.
1	My husband and I have been AT&T customers since the very 1st iPhone came out. To say the least we are loyal customers.  We have been trying to transfer my mother's cell number to our account.  I spoke with AT&T customer care over the phone who instructed me that since we wanted to keep her number and just transfer it from one AT&T account to another that we had to go down to the store.  So we went to the store on May 4th.  When we got to the store on May 4th, we were instructed that my husband (who is primary on the account) had to physically be there to accept such transfer.  Since my husband worked out of town for weeks at a time, we had to wait until he arrived. So today, on Mother's Day, my husband and I went to this AT&T store.  We were informed that my father had to personally call AT&T and release my mother's number.  A piece of information that was not told to us with the prior AT&T staff at this store on our visit on May 4th.  At this point I'm very frustrated and I started to explain to the AT&T staff member who was "helping" us my frustration with the company because each person we speak to tells us something different and had we been told the correct information we would have taken the necessary steps to be able to complete this transfer today while my husband was in town.  I stated that at this point that my husband and I are so frustrated with this process and inconsistent information that is being given to us by AT&T that we are ready to take our business else where.  I also stated that I am giving him a chance to salvage a decade long customer.  The AT&T staff member's response was this, "I am sorry that you are frustrated, but there is nothing I can do.  This is the policy of AT&T and if I deviate from that I will get fired,  Unless you want to pay my salary then there is nothing I can do."  I was shocked.  I know I was frustrated, but I did not yell.  I did not even raise my voice.  I just expressed my displeasure with the experience.  My response to him was, "There was no reason to be disrespectful or snarky."  He proceed to escort me from the store with out an apology.  His response was so out line.  I will never set foot in that store again.  After my horrible encounter with this AT&T store I called AT&T again.  I got 4th version on how to transfer the phone number and was able to do it completely over the phone.  So if anyone has to do that in future, you can do it over the phone rather than visiting that horrible store.
4	My boyfriend and I went in to get him a new phone... GREAT EXPERIENCE! Erick was sooooo very helpful and fun!  We will be back to get my new iPhone in a few months!
