4	It might not be the very best golfing Charlotte has to offer.  It is likely the best golfing value Charlotte has to offer.
3	I am not a golfer, but I've gone with friends from work to enjoy the outdoors and a couple of cold brewskis while they played golf.   Raintree has 2 full  courses to keep members happy.  The clubhouse and restaurant aren't swanky, but a-ok for dinner and drinks after a day on the links.  The staff I've met are friendly and helpful.
5	We moved out of Charlotte 4 years ago.  The thing I miss the most is my Raintree Country Club membership.The clubhouse is not the most modern, in fact it's down right old looking, but thats not what makes it great.The service is fantastic, after only a few events, the staff knew my name.  Always friendly and ready to help.  The food is good, the burgers are fantastic.  I miss the Shecrab soup!  But again, that's not what makes it great.It's the golf and the mens club!Two 18 hole courses, one is longer and straight, the other is shorter and tricky.  The conditions are good, the greens fantastic.  If you join, get in the Men's club!  The events are interesting and extremely well run.  The handicapping system pretty much eliminates sandbagging.  Thursdays is a 9 hole skins game you can't miss, and they set up the foursomes with a person from 4 different handicap 'groups.'  The club championship and member guest events are the best i've played it.Trust me, if you live in the Charlotte area, Raintree is the place for you!
4	I attended a breakfast meeting for one of the organizations I belong to, and the club did a fabulous job.  Raintree is located in the heart of the Raintree neighborhood in South Charlotte.  It is conveniently located to the Arboretum area, and I-485 for an easy in and out.  The staff was courteous and kind, and went above and beyond to get me a cup of tea when coffee was the only thing offered on the buffet.  Going the extra mile always impresses me!  I would reccommend booking your next medium to large function at Raintree!BTW....the golf and tennis is great too!
