4	I bought my '81 mercedes diesel sedan from Tim, the eccentric owner of this auto shop, who specializes in old diesels - though I get the impression he could tell you he specialized in anything he sells.I bought the car about seven months ago, and have had no problems.  I think the price was a little high, but that's because I am a terrible negotiator - and since I expected to take it to Tim whenever I had problems, I didn't want to make a stink by being a fussy purchaser.If you take your old English car or diesel here, you can expect to chew the fat for awhile, in a good way.  In a lot of ways, it's like walking into a sitcom.  Tim seems to have a million little things going on - he has a website where he sells his voice for commercial readings, he has a bunch of land up near Strawberry, etc.The place is like a loveable scene out of your favorite old television show - an unbelievable amount of cars crammed into a tiny parking lot, from shiny new rolls royces and land rovers to junked out astons and jaguars.You get the impression they're not going to screw you over, and if you don't know much about cars (I don't), that's really all you can hope for, right?  They take the time to show you everything they fixed/are going to fix, from oil filters to vaccuum tubes.
5	Coventry Motors is the real deal. If you have a problem with any british and/or german make cars (especially vintage models) this is the place to go! Tim & Co. are very friendly, inviting, and honest. Whether you want to drop it off and not think about it or hang out and see the guts of your car you will be in good hands.
4	Coventry are great for parts orders from anywhere in the country. Call them and talk to an actual human, and that person knows Jaguars! Their pricing is good and their knowledge and attitude are excellent. I don't bother calling competitors anymore.
5	It is 104 degree in Phoenix today (June 30).  I just drove my 1986 Jaguar 35 miles across town and the temperature gauge reads 91; this is a desert miracle.  My XJ6 was not meant to be in such extreme temperatures but the feat is made possible the radiator upgrade that Tim did for me this spring.  I LOVE that I can drive this car in the summer now.  Previous to the installation of the upgraded radiator, Tim helped me keep the car running smoothly with a few small mechanical fixes and regular maintenance at reasonable prices. Owning an old jaguar is a special experience.  It is an experience that is made possible  for me by Tim.  If it was not for his expertise being available at affordable pricing, I am not sure I could maintain the car as I do!
