4	In the midst of all the sequins and pastels of Vegas fashion, this is your supply for fetishwear, leather, pvc and all sorts of fun accessories. I didn't expect much out of it but was pleasantly surprised to find a very clean space, nicely organized and well kept. Nice selection for everyone, from off the rack corsets to full body suits and masks, even some well-made floggers. Very friendly man who has good knowledge of what he is selling. Almost seems out of place, a bit too good for Vegas, but it gives me hope that there are indeed people I can get along with here.
4	It had a small theater, Onyx, in the back. Strange. But it's good for them, because I ended up browsing the merchandise as I was waiting for the door to "open"...I overheard the unannounced discount of leather goods and underwear. So I tried out a few leather items before and after the show. It was too crowded to ask the clerk for help at the end. So I returned the following day so I can ask the same clerk ample help. And I bought a few items even though many were from discontinued stock.I did check out the online site afterward. There was no discount offered.The clerk was nice and helpful to some degrees. He did give me more discount than "unadvertised". I recommend checking out this place.
5	Visited a few times, on recommendation of friends with "similar" interests, lol.Ya it's a leather/kink store, and a damn fine one at that.They even offered to order me things out of catalogs they has if I didn't see it in the store or in my size. They are very pan sexual (that is, friendly to all interests) and I love their variety.I went here to the Onyx theater once in the back with my three sisters to watch ROCKY HORROR live shadowcast. It was awesome we had a great time making up lines and tossing props.Can't wait to go back, as this is one of the only real leather stores in town.
5	My first time there was an awesome experience!  The staff were really friendly, helpful, and very respectful of their customers.  They let me do a little fashion show with some of their great selection of high quality fetish gear.  Everything was really easy to find.  I would definitely go here for more leather.
5	I love this place. I visited during a great sale. I got a pair of leather shorts for 50 bucks and lizard leather whip for 60 bucks. What great values!
3	Ok stuff focused on men's wear. Nothing for big guys though.
4	The Rack is a great local source for leather / kink / fetish supplies at reasonable prices when you want to support local business and / or don't want to wait for an online order to ship. Toys, rings, even sounding equipment can be found here. They also have a nice selection of leather wear that's worth a look. The front of the store now sports a Vape section with a modest selection of vaping devices, tanks, batteries, and they carry Pink Spot liquids at modest prices. Some of their pricing on tanks like the Kanger items is a bit on the pricey side and can be purchased for less in other places across the valley. But the staff is knowledgeable about their product lines, and you get service with a smile which is always welcome. The Rack is located in the same shopping center as Lotus of Siam, the overhyped Thai place so it's pretty easy to find. Some may consider the area sketchy at night but the parking area is lit fairly well, with the Onxy Theater close by there's foot traffic, so the area is not as bad as other places you could be at. In short, know your pricing but definitely give The Rack a look if you need vaping supplies, or need something a little more specialized for your adventures.
5	Okay I had to give this place
2	Don't know why hours for business are posted on website no one bothered to be there Monday!!
