4	Most people just run to Home Depot when they are getting ready to do home improvements because they cater to the DIYers and don't force you to buy wholesale amounts.  Don't be afraid of the large building suppliers they all have a customer store front that you can go into and pick what you want.  My neighbor got new bedroom doors in his house and they were a lot less than HD.  I told him i needed new doors and baseboards and i wanted to put up some crown molding as well, he told me to try R&K and they are awesome.  they have a door showroom for exterior and interior doors, and all the different kinds of trim you can think of.  Steve, or Dustin will treat you good and find what you are looking for.  It is so nice not to have those hideous brown wood grain doors on my bedrooms, instead i have nice paneled doors with beautiful hardware to make my home look newer.  I don't know if crown molding is still in, but i love the fact that i don't have to do such a good job with my painting of the walls with the ceiling, just cover it with the molding.  that's it.
5	Rand K is simply the best place to get your building supplies. I buy all my supplies there and recommend them to all my clients. They have great prices and honest service. You can't go wrong with R and K!!
5	I used R and K to insulate my house and they did a great job. They even fixed a problem that Custom Energy Designs left behind (see my review of CED) when they sealed my vents. They could have left it and I would never have known the difference. It actually ended up costing them more money because they had to use more bags than they expected. No increase in price though.My only complaint of R and K would be they don't advertise clearly that they also do vent sealing--it is buried in their web site. Had I known that I would have at least asked for a free estimate and I would have probably used them for the whole project.
5	Shelly was wonderful to work with.  She took our "why did we wait until the last minute?" attitude and turned it in to a good days work.  I ordered some beams and fascia and she went above an beyond to find everything we needed and get our trailer loaded up.  There was zero discrimination against our tiny project.  Everything was done quickly, we hardly waited on anyone the entire day.  I will absolutely work with them as much as I can in the future.
4	I am going to knock R&K down 1/2 star from my original review.  I know I can't give a 4.5 but that's what I want to do.  While they were great, I found out that they advertise on the radio for at least one services that no one needs.  Keep in mind though that the guy who came to our house did not pitch any service with a low ROI.As a reminder the top 3 ROI projects for saving money on energy, from several experts I talked to who wanted to be off the record, were:1.  Seal vents2.  Insulate3.  Window shading[Now, this isn't in the top 3 but if you have an electric water heater then adding a timer will save you money.  Get an electrician (shop around) and the whole thing can be done for under $200.  Who needs to spend money heating water at 2am?  Not me.  That saved us money as well.]Our electric bill went down after R&K insulated.  Good deal.
1	Just walked in their showroom and left after a few minutes. There were at least four people working in the showroom and not one of them acknowledged us the entire time. The most unfriendly place I have ever been in. Customer service is obviously not a priority forR&K.
