1	This is one of the slowest, most inefficient, and most disrespectful parking establishments I have ever dealt with (and I thought I have lived, parked, and got ticketed in many cities across America and other parts of the world). Paper is the king, efficiency is of no concern, and inconvenience to customers is the rule. (Wait, somebody said customers? who are they other than mere *things* whom money should be sucked out of at all costs?). Most of the people who work at the Blvd of the Allies office, the Parking Court, and on the phone have the aura of kings and queens; the aura that governs those who want to be in control and assert their superiority to others who actually need their services. They act as if they would be doing favors to you, whereas they are only supposed to be doing their job. The goal of the whole establishment seems to be not making parking easier for people but doing things such that they can suck the most money out of people who park (and especially those who need to park in the city boundaries) in the very limited parking resources. Enough of the rant. Let's move to some concrete examples. Example 1: I live within the city boundary, so I need to get a zone permit to park in front of my apartment. It turns out I have to renew this zone permit every year via mail. I am happy to pay more to get a 3-year or 5-year zone permit so that I do not have to deal with this snail mail renewing process which is invariably prone to the forgetfulness of human mind. But, you have no choice. You have to pay $20 to renew your residential parking permit every single year. So, what happens? I forget to pay one year because the Parking Authority did not mail me my renewal notice, and lo and behold I see a ticket on my car parked in front of my apartment. A $35 ticket for parking in a residential zone without permit. The permit itself costs only $20. How reasonable is this? A $35 ticket for a $20 permit, which did not get renewed because the Authority did not send a renewal notice.Let's say we accepted that. Now, I want to renew my residential permit online. I am not allowed because you cannot get or renew a residential permit online or even on the phone. You have to be physically present in front of the Authority to accomplish this monstrous task. So what do you do? You go to the Blvd of the Allies office and renew your residential parking permit, for one year. You have to sign documents, bring your lease, etc etc (Thank God some of this information is on their website, even though it might take a while to find.) So, I do that and I ask if I can dispute the $35 ticket I got for not renewing my $20 permit. Of course you can, apparently, but they do not do this sort of business at the Blvd of the Allies office: you have to make an appointment with the Pittsburgh Parking Court, go there on a separate date, explain your case to a judge (don't judges have better things to do in this city? more important problems to solve?), and pray to God that the judge actually has some common sense left in him. Good luck!  Technology has really not seem to have caught on in the Parking Authority of the city of Pittsburgh -- except when they demand payment from you. If you want to simply renew your residential parking permit online or on the phone or even via snail mail, there is no way. But if they ticket you, all options are there for you to pay. You want the phone to pay your ticket? You got it. You want the internet to pay your ticket? You got it. You want the good old snail mail? You got it. You will get charged a fee for the first two (thank you very much), but you have all the convenience to fork your money over. You just cannot have the same convenience when you actually want to do the things that would prevent you from getting tickets in the future, like getting a residential parking permit.Example 2: They will find a way to ticket you in any way, shape, or form they can. They will not fix meters and not clearly mark where parking is disallowed, just to keep open the option of ticketing you. If there is an opening that looks like a parking spot but you are not sure, be very careful. If you are lucky once, it does not mean you will be lucky the next time. Basically, many spots are not clearly delineated, so you can get a ticket even though something looks like a spot to you and there is no sign saying "No Parking." They will ticket you. And, if you want to dispute, you are in for some pain. Example 3: To dispute a ticket, you have to go to the court. And, the court has limited hours. There is no other way to handle a disputed ticket, even if the issue is trivial. Actually, there is a way. Their website says you can call a number if you believe the ticket is unfair and if you were issued the ticket for a very limited number of reasons. Apparently, some very limited cases can be handled without going to the court. In theory, they can... If you get an answer to your phone call, that is. Good luck with that!
1	Brilliant!  Why'd I not thought of reviewing some of our wonderful local government entities?  Good thinking, Miles.The Parking Authority (or Public Parking Authority of Pittsburgh, PPAP) is pretty much the norm for Pittsburgh government: poorly run and really hard to deal with.  (I'm guessing corrupt, too, but that's conjecture.)  A.) It's 2011.  Why can't I conduct business with them over the web?  Seriously?  I have to physically go in to their office with closing papers or a lease?  I can't even send a .pdf?  Are you kidding?  I guess Pittsburgh would prefer that its residents not have jobs so that they can spend their days dealing with the crappy hours and bureaucratic inefficiency that comes with trying to live in this dysfunctional city.  B.) I had some contractors over, and I gave them my visitor's pass.  They still got harassed and ticketed until I called in for a waiver.  (Again, I can't do this online?  Really?  It was over the phone - they didn't need any proof of who I was or who the contractors were.  Good idea if you have friends staying long-term.)  When I did call in, all I got was an answering machine.  I left a message to call back, which didn't happen after 3-4 calls.  I finally received a return call after contacting my city councilman's office.  Message: PPAP doesn't work for Pittsburghers, but they move fast for city officials.C.) Residential permits are required during daylight hours and not at night?  What other f'ing city does this?  Who cares if someone's parked in the neighborhood at noon?  The street's almost completely empty during the day.  Most of the "hardworking taxpayers" are at work then!  What's really annoying is when I come home late in the evenings and have to cruise around to find parking.  Lo and behold we run a residential program like most of the others I've seen that restrict parking from 6 or 7 in the evening until the morning.  (We know the real reason for that: the enforcement guys would have to work at night.)One plus: Despite all of the systemic problems with PPAP, the two employees I've seen the two times I had to go in to the office were friendly in that weird, gruff Pittsburgh-friendly way.Not that they're all that much better, but Fox Chapel and Cranberry look slightly appealing every time I interact with my city government.
1	Ridiculous in every way....I've been parking at the meters downtown for about 10 years.  When I was going to school at Point Park and I had to pop into school for something or even go to a quick hour long class I'd usually park at the meters because it was cheaper than parking in a garage.  Long gone are those days!I just recently went downtown for a quick lunch and decided to park at a meter....well actually,  was in a hurry and the 3rd ave garage was full.  So I plunked in a quarter and watched the digital meter say 5.  WHAT?! It hit me right then that I would probably never park at a downtown meter again.  Seriously ridic!  I mean, I thought 7 minutes for .25 was a bit much....but this takes the cake....the whole delicious cake, right away!I know there's been an ongoing debate about keeping the meters being enforced until 10pm (which was revoked temporarily), but if that goes back into effect it's like saying to anyone who lives outside of downtown: "don't bother coming downtown because if you do we're going to charge the heck out of you!"  I won't even get into the parking garages.  I'll just say this...do they really want us downtown?  How are we going to keep the revitalization going if we can't even afford to park there!!
1	More fun comments on the effectiveness of PPAP:Despite all the hassles with parking in front of my house during the day (when the street's empty because most people are at work), a stolen car from Ohio sat abandoned two blocks up from my house for six weeks.  It was plainly abandoned: trash all around the car, broken side mirror with glass on the street next to the car.  SIX WEEKS.  No one did anything about it until I sent an e-mail to my city councilman's office.  I don't think I've ever seen a ticket on cars that park too close to intersections, i.e. on a yellow-painted curb.  This obscures visibility around intersections, creating an actual safety issue.  Cars regularly block traffic lanes on Craig Street at Centre - real public nuisance, but I've never seen a ticket there, either.  I have seen cars ticketed in almost empty parking lots on Saturday afternoons, though.  Sure - they may have broken the law by overstaying, but I don't think they were creating a public nuisance given that only maybe 10% of the spots were full.As another reviewer noted, don't count on getting a renewal notice in the mail.  Mine ran out this year, and I didn't get anything from them.  This department is completely dysfunctional; they need to lay off every single employee and start over from scratch.  Just thinking about them makes me want to move out of the city.
1	More updates: went down to renew my residential permit, and they were closed at 3 P.M. on Good Friday (6 Apr 12).  As far as I know, it wasn't a city holiday (regular trash pickup week), and there were no signs on the door, nothing on the web site, and nothing on their answering machine indicating a holiday.  The lazy S.O.B.s just decided to cut out early, leaving me and two other peeved residents shaking our heads outside their darkened door.  (...And out $4 for parking in the neighboring garage.)  So happy that my taxes pay for such effective government services.
1	So I live in Oakland, and I'm in grad school full-time.  Most of my days run until 4pm and start at 8, so there really is no way for me to get down there to renew this damn sticker.  Fine.My landlord asked me to park on the street because her cleaning person was coming and needed the driveway.  She gave me her visitor's pass.  Great.I come out of the house, and this lady is walking toward my car, which is right in front of the house.  I think nothing of it.  I'm beside the car and she starts writing a ticket.me: Whoa!  This is my car!  Why am I getting a ticket?PPA**: Bcz your sticker's expired.me:  But I have a visitor's pass.PPA**:  Well you can't do that!!me:  Really?  Where does it say that?PPA**:  Look!  Dem's the rules! If you want to know where they are you need to call PPA, don't ask me!I have had my share of tickets in the past, I've contested them and won almost all of them because I find that people often quote laws that don't exist to justify the ticket. I don't think it's too much to ask where a rule is written if you're going to quote it.  But fine, whatever.  My issue is 1) I'm beside the car with my keys out.  Why  write the ticket?  2)  Why do you have to be such a b****?! 3) Why isn't there a way to renew this damn sticker without having to skip school/work to do it?  You're going to save my parking space while I'm at work/school, but I have to skip work/ school to get the parking permit. :-/Well, that's my review.  It may not be 100% fair,I may well be in the wrong, but you know, as crappy as this authority is, as inconvenient as they make obtaining a permit, and as nasty as the workers are...they really don't deserve more than 1 star.
1	Horrible and ridiculous...there appears to be a pattern here PPA.  And nothing but one star reviews,  it's not a great pattern to have. Taking away the meters was a huge thing. Then putting in those new computerized stations throughout the city was an OK thing, but maybe you should have put some better lighting around those things. I mean I'm a bit leery walking to one of them in the dark and paying in the dark. I'm also a bit leery of how honest these machines want you to think they are. No slip to make sure you parked unless you print out a receipt.And how about the rates?  $3/hour, $.25/five minutes in the downtown area. That surely has deterred me from visiting some places that don't stay open later than when you continue to monitor the meters. And to park in a garage downtown is as equally gouging. It hurts. On the Southside it's $1/hour. May I make a suggestion in some of these areas?  Have a convenience spot or something like that, 15 minute free parking for people like me that just want to run in to a store/office, pick up my item, then run back out. Paying $1 for one minute of parking was a bit ridiculous. Maybe you can take a page from San Francisco's book and fluctuate the rates for parking downtown depending on the time of day. They've got it figured out, even have an app to let you know when a spot opens up. That would be great here, especially how wonky the streets are downtown.
4	ppa gets a bad rap on because there are a certain number of people who take advantage of the rules then final get caught and get tickets are the one that abuse the system  the most just park were you are supposed to and you wont get caught , just put a quater in the meter a and leave after a limit time and you would not be on yelp complaining about the system i have a business were there are meters and people will take the spot but for some reason wont pay the meter and expect to park for free and then complain later  they got a ticket it seems they will stay there all day for hours and dont get ticketed but once caught they cry ,so more credit for a job that need more people to work and for the job they do we need more supervision about the free parking and timed parking
5	I don't know why yinz are complaining. Every time I deal with the Parking Authority I get a free colonoscopy.
1	Pittsburgh Parking Authoritarians and Judge Welsh at the court....where do I start!?!?!  This organization is basically the very definition of Tyranny.  They have set up a system of absurd parking laws, and metering prices that ensnares pretty much everyone who needs to park or drive in the city of pittsburgh in their trap.  I fell into it.  I was parked "the wrong way" on a street that had no one parked in the same direction.  They booted my car for too many parking tickets (5), then I went to court to plead my case of not being able to afford $709 in tickets (that's another story), and they wouldnt agree to any kind of payment plan and the boot ($300) cost as much as the "tickets".  So, I appealed to Judge Welsh, and he basically was rude and talked to me of "procedures" from his smug perch and said "i can't help you".  Oh really, so you make plea deals with criminals yet I can't even get my car unbooted so that I can get back and forth to work.  The whole idea of a Parking Court is ridiculous to me to begin with so for anyone who things I'm whining and crying because I didnt pay some tickets, well, you really dont get it.  It starts with parking meters and parking "the wrong way" and ends with us being punished and criminalized for every single thing we try to do in our daily lives.
1	Wow no spots on street. Must park in garage. Such full. Very paradox. No parking available. Definitely not wow. Must avoid. Stay away from towne.
1	Does it make sense to anyone that we have to pay more to park in Oakland than in Brooklyn? Thank you, PPA. I live in Bloomfield and work in Oakland and when the parking meters were changed and rates skyrocketed, I refused out of sheer stubbornness to ever drive into work again so I don't give PPA the satisfaction of giving them over $20 a day to park there. Seriously, if they are that much in need of money, Pittsburgh needs to reallocate its funds before the city has an uprising on its hands.Further, when I lived in Shadyside, I was appalled at how strict the situation was with the parking decals. My one decal expired and within the next day I had a beautiful ticket on my windshield. Aren't there bigger fish to fry than to Narc on residents who stay parked in a neighborhood for over an hour?
1	Thank goodness I don't have a car anymore and don't have to deal with these clowns.Back when I moved into PGH, I did have a car, and obtained the residential permit necessary to park in my neighborhood (N. Oakland).  Go figure, when I went to the office to do so, the meter I first tried to park at was broken, and wouldn't accept any of my quarters.  (This is back in the day when the old meters still existed.)  I should have recognized this as a metaphor for PPA's dysfunctionality.  As it were, I just reported it to them.As anyone who's ever been to N. Oakland knows, parking there is a real PITA, and the street that my apt. bldg.'s on doesn't even have parking.  One day about two weeks later, after parking in one of my normal spots, I went to my car only to see a ticket on the windshield.  "What the heck?" I thought, since I had my residential permit prominently displayed.  Turns out I was parked within twenty feet of a crosswalk.  I wasn't aware this rule even existed, but apparently, it does.  Way to welcome me to the neighborhood, PGH!Since I was new to town and I'd heard that PGH parking court is a joke, I decided to contest the ticket.  It took me three calls to even get someone to answer the phone to sign up for a court date, since you couldn't schedule one yourself through their website.  I scheduled my hearing for an evening session about a month later.Before I was ever able to go to court, a flood happened and totaled my car, making me even angrier about the situation.  I went to court with the plan of asking for leniency, given that I was new to town and newly carless.  When it was my turn, I took one look at the judge (a portly and stern-looking elderly woman) and knew I wasn't going to get off.  I didn't even get to finish my sob story before she cut me off.  "It isn't our fault you didn't know the rules and that your car's wrecked," she said.  Good thing I had enough cash on me to pay the fine, since I don't think they even took credit cards.Don't believe the stories about PGH parking court judges taking pity on you because you took time out of your day to show up and contest a ticket, regardless of the reason for it.  That court is a kangaroo court and they're out to do one thing--make money.  Be aware of the more obscure laws, which include not only parking too close to crosswalks, but also head-in parking only.  Check the parking signs carefully, feed the meters, and observe the time limits, and hopefully, you won't have the misfortune of dealing with these idiots.  You've been warned.I won't even get into the exorbitance of their rates downtown and in Oakland...  Their slogan, "The Value Parking Network," is laughable and downright disingenuous.
1	I haven't live in the city of Pittsburgh in 14 years. I just hate how greedy the city of Pittsburgh has become. They have managed to put those new dumb electronic meters everywhere including areas that never even had metered parking before. I mean do you really need to charge people to park on Saturdays and Sundays too? 25 cent for 5 minutes is crazy! I hate parking in the city and try to avoid it like the plague. Don't even get me started on the parking garages downtown. Most of them are utterly disgusting and smell like pee and are falling apart. And you have the gall to raise the prices even higher?!C'mon Son!
1	Can I give zero stars?   Every time I go into a garage, I am pained.   Poor layouts, bad attitudes, dirty looking lobbies...   I could go on and on.   Yesterday, I spent 45 minutes trying to get out of a garage after a theatre event.  I parked on level 5.   You have to go all the way up before you can go back down.   Grr....    When I get to the entrance, there are people standing there whose purpose is to take the ticket from my hand and put it in the machine.   I mean, I appreciate the assistance and all, but is this really a job?   Today was free parking day.   I thought that I might finally have something good to say about this parking system, but no.   I sat in horrendous traffic only to find that its cause was the ticket machine and arm.   It's free parking day - lock the arm in the up position and let the people park!   What the heck.  On the way out, there was yet another guy manning the ticket machine.   What a waste!!   Get it together Pittsburgh.  If you want to grow your downtown, take a cue from Raleigh and offer free parking in the evening hours.   People will spend more downtown if you make it easy for them.
