5	Friendly staff and good selection of guns. Can't beat a family owned business.
5	2nd Amendment Gun Shop gets 5 stars from me. Very friendly and helpful staff. Had what I needed in stock at a fair price. The owner is a super nice guy, he takes his time to explain things. Good people make all the difference, you feel welcome when you walk in.
5	Very friendly and helpful, highly recommend!
3	I give this place 3 stars for now. I just saw this place while at the Draft House across the street and decided to walk over.I walked inside and immediately you know its a small family owned joint, the best type IMO. Everyone was very friendly and helpful. We asked alot of questions and they didn't hesitate to answer or show us what we asked for.As for inventory, honestly it wasn't bad for the size of the shop. And their prices were indicative of the times so no negativity for that. I picked up a few boxes of ammo and fought buying another case of ammo since I just bought some elsewhere. All in all, I will be back here no doubt and will hopefully be able to update the review and up the stars.
5	Great people.  Selection is a little low right now but they are a start up and have an awesome attitude.  I'll def be back soon to buy some ammo and possibly a firearm.  Don't hesitate going to see them.  Mil Vets also is a BIG PLUS!  Thanks!!
4	As a woman, I often feel like gun store employees treat me like I'm either of no consequence or a 'noob'. The guys at 2nd Amendment didn't dismiss me out of hand just because I'm female. The first time when my husband & I walked in I was greeted warmly and asked specifically if there was anything I was interested in or wanted to see. I just pointed at my husband & said, "I'm with him today" but it didn't stop anyone from including me in the conversations (and it's not because I'm a hot mama in sexy clothes - I'm dumpy & middle-aged, lol).   This morning, my husband & I went back to buy the gun we were looking at. We got there first thing when they opened, and the gentleman behind the counter (he's older, w/a beard - I suck at getting names) was friendly, knowledgeable and helpful. My only complaint is the same as everyone else - they need more stuff! For a shop their size (it's tiny), they've got a decent assortment of rifles and some handguns, but woefully little ammo - and a very limited collection of holsters, cases, and straps. I'd personally love to see this shop really take off - as long as everyone can keep the fantastic attitudes and customer rapport going!
5	My husband and I love this place. We were referred from my mom and dad because they came in to buy guns and some ammo. I walked in and these guys were so nice! They were so helpful and its awesome because they remember your name when you come back. My husband and I bought a .9 and .25. The only issue I had is they did not have my ammo! Im hoping they get stock again! But I will be referring all my friends and family to them!
5	Great staff plus veteran owned. Didn't purchase anything, but they gave us a great recommendation on where to shoot out in the desert!  Ammo prices are comparable to other places.
5	Serious but friendly, the 2nd Amendment Gun Shop is my kind of stop.  We stopped in there for a quick look and ended up staying a half hour, talking with the owners and looking around.  It's a local shop, privately owned and operated.  They know their stuff and don't mind parting with that wisdom.  Another cool thing about the shop was all the different types of people there.  It's on the smaller side but was packed.  There were a couple of families with kids, and people from all walks of life.  It was definitely a cool feel... which I didn't expect.  I just ended up picking up a couple (4) boxes of ammo and some business cards.  I live in Cali but shoot a lot in Nevada.  I can't buy a pistol or rifle in store but maybe I can buy from their online store.  Definitely see ya there!
5	this is with out a doubt my favorite gun shop in Vegas! Mark, Kalif, (i hope i got the spelling right) and Sam, are great people who know their stuff! i don't ever feel any pressure to buy anything when i am in there, but i almost always find something i can't live with out. and they are all more then happy to take time and answer any questions, or show you anything you may want to see. i think customer service is what sets these guys apart. you won't find any "operators mentality" here. just good people who are knowledgeable, and passionate about what they do. prices are in line with, or better then the other shops in town, and ammo is priced better then the area stores i have seen. check this store out i promise you won't regret it!
4	Friendly staff and very knowledgeable.
5	Friendly, professional, and great prices.  Family owned store according to the sales associate I forget her name but she was great.
5	Perfect shop for all your gun needs and Vet owned/operated. Kalif and Sam are great at what they do, and my purchases/transfers have all been flawless. This shop should have everything you need, and if they don't, they can get it for you.
5	So happy I found this place. The guys are very friendly. I was really impressed by there service. I've been waiting for a certain item to come in at another store for 2 months called around no one seemed to have it. 2nd Amendment they were able to deliver within 24 hours. Not saying that's a how it would be for everyone. But I was very lucky. This is my first to go place from now on.
5	Excellent little shop.  Professional.  Respectful.  As a vet, I love the fact that fellow vets run the shop.  Worth the drive from the strip.
5	I was visiting from California and this shop is near a family members house.Awesome place they had what I needed and if they didn't they could order it.What I really like is the service. A lot of these gun store guys come off a hard asses.These guys are really friendly and we were yuking it up about the lame California gun laws. They are all veterans too!Thank you gentleman for your service to the country and your customers
5	You guys rock.  I purchase my first hand gun here a FNX 45  but the service and the knowledge of you guys was so great that I also purchase a PS90 the same day. I forgot the name of the sales person all I remember  is that he was in the Cost Guard.  Thank You For the great service and I'll see you guys soon I wish your store would be a little bit closer to blue diamond and Durango.  Almost forgot Best Price in Town.  5 star service
5	Moving from California I was looking forward to buying my first Gun.I'm glad I chose 2nd Amendment i had the Best gun shopping experience Highly recommend ! Everyone's and friendly and knowledgable .
1	Deceptive. I came out looking to buy a .45, they had a couple there- Mike highlighted what he told me was an excellent unit. While I was awaiting the checks I took a look online and compared which gave me an indication I wasn't buying quality.  I asked them directly more than once if what I was purchasing was a good quality piece, point blank. Clearly they wanted it off the shelf, Mike went as far as to coerce me telling me he was going to buy it himself- what a joke! I didn't haggle and I believed the joker and bought it, the heaping pile, and also asked for a couple upgraded modifications- nothing crazy, just trying to spend money in a store and be good to the local economy- I came back to pick it up AND NOTHING WAS DONE, I forgot to check out back for the basketball hoop or bags setup I still can't figure out what they do here, apart from cheat people.. So at the range I was incredibly displeased with the peice, everything out of wack (you would think they would audit a used gun first, check it out before they resell it- they don't do that here either clearly) I would take it back but lo and behold there are NO refunds at 2nd Ammendment Guns! Beware of this place, do your research first, go somewhere where you can shoot it first so you're not surprised, but regarding this place steer clear.Also, owner has subpar knowledge of foreign currency,  just thought I'd mention it :)Happy hunting!
5	We just bought our first guns the staff made it easy and they were very helpful and friendly. I will definitely recommend this place to anyone that is looking to purchase a handgun.
5	Buying a glock , try to fuck with me Vegas , you will be going down, have to wait 72 hours for background check,  but it's all good .Go see Robert Webb , he is awesome
5	Great customer service and amazing prices!!!!I walked in knowing exactly what I wanted to buy and the customer service that comes along with purchasing is beyond GREAT!
5	Was looking to buy a personal protection firearm, did my research and decided to go with the Beretta Nano, I knew how much they cost so when I went to the closest gun store he quoted me a price that I knew was high, so I did a google search and the 2nd Amendment gun store came up. This turned out to be a great store, the price on the Nano here was over $100.00 cheaper than the first gun store, yes a $100.00 cheaper, plus the staff was just great, they will always get my business. On a later note I was at another gun store to use their range to break in my pistol and there price for the Nano was even higher than the first gun store that I checked, so if you want a good price on your next firearm go to the 2nd Amendment gun store, you wont be disappointed.
