5	These mechanics are terrific. Professional, reliable, honest and fair. They have maintained my Lexus and my wife's InfnityQX4. Great diagnosticians. I have had others I've recommended to them say they were also. They have repaired problems others couldn't diagnose. Art the owner, and Tom will explain anything we ask and have taken a lot of time answering our basic questions so we will feel like we understand what they did. They have shown us our old parts and pointed out the problem they repaired. These guys keep their word, and stand by their work.
5	My elderly mother used to take her 1987 Mercedes to Art's. And now I take the car to Art's, too. Art and his staff are wonderful. They are honest, reliable, forthright, and they do great work. They explain everything, and it is clear to me that Art has kept repairs and repair prices down, i.e., a less honest person could easily have thrown in extra repairs. I have suggested repairs to him where he has told me, no, you don't want to do that, or no, you really don't need to do that, and so forth. --You see my point. You will be happy if you take your cars here.
1	Art is not trustworthy.  His mechanic broke something on my car (Not Tom, Tom is a very good guy and excellent mechanic.) and then got very angry with me when I actually (gasp) expected him to repair it!  The next time I came in he treated my wife and I very poorly. We started going through all our bills and realized he'd been overpricing us for years. After finding a better mechanic we were told we'd paid for things, fixed and replaced things we never should have.  We expected better after taking our cars there for eight years.  Art is a scheister taking advantage of poor older folks and families who don't know any better.  Do NOT trust him!
5	Most honest shop on town.  Serving the valley since the 80's.  I have been going here since 96.  This shop has kind employees and Art is authentic.  They are honest and hold high integrity.  If your looking for a small honest shop were they get to know you and your vehicle, I highly recommend Art's.
