5	Personally I've had some of my bestest meals here and they have/had this awesome table wine that was cheap yet probably the best pinot gris ever.  Despite it being a smallish establishment, I found it to be warm and welcome, tasty all around.Times visited: 1
5	The best things can come in small packages!!  Bravo Bistro is a tiny Mediterranean bistro on in the heart of old town Scottsdale.  The atmosphere is spectacular.  .  Very Very intimate!!!!  Then there is the food.....the food is great.   The veal shank is so awesome.  Their wine list is very nice and the lounge up stairs is great for parties.... some of the most attentive servers ever.  I always stop in for dinner when I'm in Scottsdale! Steve and Tony, the owners, are exceptional and go out of there way for their customers.
5	my annual visits to scottsdale would be incomplete without a meal at the Bravo Bistro.  Steve and Tony run a wonderful establishment... it's beautifully decorated, the food is always spectacular, the service is top notch, and well - it's a family favorite.the lounge upstairs is super-cool - very inviting and makes you want to stay all night long.  i probably would if my cousin didn't practically carry me out that last time (those drinks pack a powerful punch)...
5	Since I have frequented this establishment with Sammy (stotheizzoF) who is my brother in law.  I can only say that what he wrote is a perfect review.  The only addition I have to add is that the kitchen is spotless and I think one of the cleaniest restaurants in the city.  I believe Tony and Steve received awards about this.  You have to go atleast once, also visit the upstairs bar for some nice pre-evening cocktails.
5	After eating at a number of Scottsdale restaurants that were unusual in what they presented, we went to a very traditional restaurant which proved to be a nice change of pace.  Restaurant is located next to a very popular bar and does have valet parking right on Scottsdale Road.  It is a nice cozy place.  We started with salads with 3 of us going with their house salad which was only $5 and the 4th going for the Caesar Salad.  Both salads were very big portions and delicious.  For my main course my friend and I both had Veal Piccatta with Roasted Potatoes and Spinach and it was outstanding.  Probably the best main course meal I had on my trip to Scottsdale.  Big portion, great flavors, nice presentation.  My wife had salmon and it also was very good and our other friend a vegetarian style pasta that was delicious.  The service was very business like and well done.  We really enjoyed the whole experience at this restaurant.
1	I read all the reviews before I went.....and I just don't get it.  I went with three people and we were all dissapointed.....so it wasn't just a single bad meal.The pasta was over-cooked.......the sauce had no flavor.........and it was expensive.........$30/person w/ just water & no dessert. It's just not worth the money....
5	So far, this is the best place I've found in Phoenix (been here 5 weeks on business, eating out most nights).  This place is the closest I've come to finding a 'family run, no frills' restaurant similar to what I"m used to in the Bay Area (if there's one thing I'm tired of, it's the 'over-fancy' places in Scottsdale - let's focus on food, folks, not winning an architectural design contest!).  The veal piccata was great - thin and tender, as was the veal marsala.  The 'house made sausage' was also tasty (though a bit salty). The pita bread they serve on arrival is perhaps the best I've ever had - no idea why! And the salads were great too.  The cooked veggies served with the meal were super-fresh - another surprise.  The service was friendly but not overbearing, and it was nice to see a place that is independently owned and been in business for 15 years.  If they could somehow move away from the rowdy drinking hole next door, life would be even better!  It is a tad on the pricey side, but typical for Scottsdale.
5	This place was recommended to me by one of the Bell boys at the W scottsdale.  A short walk from Camelback Rd and amazing food.   Being a vegetarian I was easily accomodated and they were able to mix any pasta with any sauce i wanted and add mushrooms etc.  They had a decent wine list and a great variety of food mostly Mediterranian, Italian and Greek.  The food was great, and they have smaller portion sizes for a good price (and believe me the "lighter fare" was just the perfect size.Service is pretty good.Don't be fooled by the size, its  on the smaller end but I can see how this place would be a cute date place.
4	For anyone in Scottsdale, you have to try this place... The Arabic chopped salad, hummus and stuffed eggplant are DELICTIBLE!  I visit this restaurant every time I am in AZ. The owner is a doll and really makes you feel at home.  It is a small restaurant so I suggest calling to make a reso.
3	The food was pretty good; although the meatballs were a little too drenched in soy sauce. I wish the bar was a little bigger. They only carried a couple of beers and I like variety...all in all, it was pretty good.
4	I went to Bravo Bistro last night to attend a Yelp Recruiting Mixer and it was a great experience! I was only there for a few hours and had a couple pita chips with humus and a few beers (which were on the house!) and the service was amazing. Any time my drink was gone a server was right there to get me another one, and on two occasions the owner Tony came up to take my drinks. Tony and I actually had a long conversation on the patio about his restaurant and the spot he does on 3TV. He is an extremely down to earth and intelligent guy who really is passionate about his business! I look forward to coming here again and again!
4	If their dinner is as good as their appetizers I'll likely be revising my review.  Happy hour prices are some of the best around, and the food....  The Mediterranean Mazza was an excellent assortment of Pita chips, hummus, baba ganoush, cucumbers, lentils, feta cheese and olives, paired with wine at $5 a glass or $2 draft beer, this place should definitely not be overlooked.
5	The hummus was delicious. Then the calamari was light and delicious.  Then the veal Picata was lemony and light with fresh garlic. And the tiramisu. Wow. And Tony is a great host. Nicest guy. And of course, it's in a great location. Eat there. Really.
5	I am lucky I get to eat here at least once a week. The calamari is truly the best in the world, and I have eaten it all over the world. The Veal Milanese is another of my favorites - it is not on the menu but just ask and it will be served. Tony and his staff make everyone feel welcome and at home.
5	Great little Italian restaurant with Mediterranean overtones as the owner,Tony, is part Lebanese. Very friendly. All the food that we had was top notch. The Calamari is flash fried an is thus very tasty an tender. The Arabic salad has a mint vinagarette dressing that is outstanding! The veal osso buco is outstanding - best I have tasted. Will definitely come back when we are in town.
2	I'm sorry Bravo Bistro, I wanted to soooo badly to like your restaurant.  Let's start by saying if you put on your website... "Ask your server about our Happy Hour", then you probably should let your servers know.  Our server brought us the wine list (All bottles north of $40) and didn't mention or offer wines by the glass.  When I asked him about Happy hour, his response " it's only until 7 (which it was 6:20PM) and if you order one minute past I will charge you full price, but you can sit at the bar and get HH all night", then took the wine list and walked away.  So you don't want us to sit at your table? We stayed at the table and ordered our wines by the glass like the second class citizens that we were (at least that's how we were treated), some bruchetta and an order of garlic bread for the meal.  They brought us a complimentary plate of hummus which was good but on the salty side, as was everything we were served.When it came time to order, I asked about vegetarian options, he said they could do any combination of pastas and sauce primavera style.  I ordered penne with spicy marinara primavera.  It came out with less than a cup of pasta and no veggies.  When the server finally came by to check on our meals, (which I hadn't tried) I told him I didn't get any veggies... he looked annoyed and took it back to the kitchen.   I'm sorry, but I was not too thrilled about paying $15 for a cup of pasta with no veggies, no salad and no bread. When my food came back the portion size had slightly increased. It was good, but nothing special, and there was NO spice whatsoever.  My boyfriend ordered the chicken parmesan and said it was a little salty, which I've never heard him say in two years... because he over salts everything.  Overall, the menu was limited, the service was uninviting and it was overpriced for the quality and atmosphere.  We will not be back.
5	Having spent a great deal of time in both Italy and the Mediterranean throughout my life, I have found the best places to eat in the cities and country villages in those regions.Recently transpanted to Phoenix I didn't hold any high expectations; especially after my decades of disappointment in Los Angeles (NOT a gastromic capital of ANY kind)!!!Word of mouth brought me to Bravo! Bistro and it is as good, if not better, as any place in my hometown of New York CIty!   From the owner, Tony, to  his wonderfully knowledgeable and gracious staff I was immediately impressed.  A nice, intimate and relaxing setting with meals that I have enjoyed around the world - only here they are even BETTER than any I can recall!  The Oso Bucco is to die for, as is every other item on the menu.  I try to get there at least once every week or so to try smething new; and Tony is always ready to please and tease hs guests with something new and spectacular! I could spend decades here as I did in L.A. and doubt that I could find a better restaurant in the Valley with a more pleasing and relaxing atmosphere than Bravo! Bistro.Mike Cleveland
3	Surprised this place isn't frequented more. Never see a lot of folks in the place but service was great, friendly and food was good. Okay, I started with the Tiramisu... don't judge! And of course, everything goes better with Malibu Rum :o)
5	Bravo Bistro is a gem in the heart of downtown Scottsdale between 5th Ave and Drinkwater Blvd. on Scottsdale Rd.   I have eaten here several times over the last 9 months and I can now write an informed review.   I do not give a 5 star review lightly as my own experience must be outstanding to do so.  Not too big and not too small with excellent food and spirits at a fair price.  The wait staff is very efficient, knowledgeable and, friendly.  The menu offers a good selection of Italian and Mediterranean dishes.  Toni, the owner and chief chef,  is on site and he is directly involved in the operation of the restaurant and kitchen.  That is a good sign.  The humus recipe is from his family and it is great.   The lasagna has a twist on the sauce that brings in customers just to savor its flavor.  One review noted that the calamari is the best ever.  I must concur.  After ordering it several times a long term server suggested having it grilled.  That is fantastic and I highly recommend this variation.  That is if you truly like calamari, no breading here to disguise them, just the real delectable creature.  Always a fresh fish selection and there is a steak on the menu for those you drag into a restaurant that can't do without one.  Nice deserts as well.  Open 5pm to 10pm 7 days a week with a happy hour menu 5 to 7 M-F.  Valet parking at door $5 plus tip.  There is a fun bar next door with same valet if you want to continue the party.  I live in Tucson and stay in the Phoenix area frequently for my roofing business.  I prefer to support local business especially when the quality of the business is superior, as is the case here.  Bravo has been around for over 20 years with the same owner.  Like many business in downtown Scottsdale there old line clients are aging, or gone, therefore they need new customers to maintain their business.  As the city spreads and the dining choices multiply the true gems must be searched out.  Good for all circumstances this is also a quiet place to bring that special someone.  You will be happy here.  Bon Appetite.
2	I like to write good reviews with positive feedback, but this isn't one of them.  The food here was only subpar.  After dinner, I was hoping for a knock your socks off cannoli to make up for the food, but they were bland and fairly tasteless.  However, what made it a forgetful evening was the lousy service.  Our waiter was extremely rushed.  When we asked to see the wine list he said "you just tell me what you'd like and I'll tell you what the brand is".  Really?  We can't even see the menu?  He didn't even give us a chance to view the prices.  The same for desert, he was so rushed he couldn't get the flippin menu, he could only tell us what they had.  We had to ask 3-4 times for water.  Here's a hint to the staff:  When it's 100+ in Phoenix, people will want more water.REALLY an unsatisfying time.  For a much better experience, hit Tutti Santi (I prefer the one on 16th street).  The food is superior and service outstanding.
2	My experience at Bravo Bistro was very disappointing. After looking at the website and reading other reviews, I went there expecting to be wowed by the wine selection and the Mediterranean cuisine. Neither  were great.  My first impression of the wine list was one of dismay. It seemed that it had not been updated in some time. The first three bottles that I inquired about were unavailable and the server had to go upstairs to check on the fourth, only to return with bad news. Deciding that we would stick with wine by the glass, my wife asked what pinot noir was available. The server had to go behind the bar to see what she could come up with and returned with a bottle of Castle Rock. This gem is $6 a bottle at your local super market. She passed on the pinot and was then offered a glass of "another red". Wow. What a wine list indeed! My experience was completely ruined though, when I ordered the veal ossobuco, only to be told that, it too, was unavailable! At this point I was very frustrated and copped an attitude, asking "Well, what DO you have?"The server apologized and offered the lasagna instead. She said it was a house specialty and that everyone raved about it. I got the lasagna and while it was good, it was nothing that I couldn't have gotten at the Olive Garden down the street. Bottom line is that this place doesn't live up to its reputation.
4	Night out with the girls for my birthday. The food was outstanding.  The Cannaloni was superb. I had Chicken Parm with pasta. Hard to find good Gravy in AZ. Not bad here! My friend had Eggplant Parm-great too! The service was outstanding. I loved the Bruschetta Apps. They even gave us a free desert for my birthday. We had a Groupon so dinner for three with wine, apps and dessert was a steal! I can't wait to go back.
4	I was visiting Phoenix for my 5th wedding anniversary, and decided to check Groupon to see what deals we could get while out there...and we totally scored!  A $50 groupon for $25!  We made the reservation without any problems, and the gentleman on the phone was actually very friendly and welcoming, even after I mentioned I had a groupon, which gave me positive vibe.We arrived on time; 8:15, walking quickly past the cotton candy, cowboy tourist attraction next door and opened the door to the large, yet intimate feeling room of a warm mediteranean bistro.  We were quickly greeted simultiously at the door by both the server and owner or manager.  Upon enterring, it seemed odd that they seated us toward the back when the whole front was empty, but we didn't dwell on it.  Our server was very friendly and had no problems taking substitutions; as my husband wanted a vodka sauce: not on the menu...no problem!  I ordered the chicken marsala over pene; no problem!  And as an appetizer we order the special: PEI mussles casino, and ultimately a cannoli to go.I have to admit, i was a little sad that they didn't serve fresh, warm bread and butter, but realized i was better off not filling up on that.  The mussels arrived fairly quickly, to take my mind off the bread, and while they were good, it didn't thrill me, though the sauce it was served on was fresh and bright.  My marsala, however, was very rustic and full of the wild, earthy flavors of an abundance of various  mushrooms, while the chicken was lightly dusted in flour and pan fried to juicy perfection.  My husbands dish:  unbelievable!  The smoked tea chicken breast served in vodka sauce.  It has inspired me to try to duplicate that smoking affect...cross ur fingers!  The smoked chicken added a whole new layer of flavor that I never thought to add to italian dishes.We ended up getting the cannoli to go...we were so full, but I just had to get them.  Our server brought them to our table to show us how pretty they are before they start rolling around inside (which I discovered when i got home and dug into them.)  They were good, however, being from new york....difficult to compare to a n.y. Cannoli.  It needed a little more sweetness, and maybe a little lemon zest to liven it up.   Regardless: our entrees and service were so good, it didn't matter.Awesome meal, great prices
4	i've only been here for dessert and had great service!tip: great photo ops for tourists! classic italian restaurant!
5	Went to Bravo Bistro for the first time and was blown away! My roommate found Bravo Bistro because of the Yelp deal which went a really long way. We ended up getting the traditional bruschetta which was fabulous and they also brought us pita and hummus while we were there. I had the ravioli which was good and my roommate's Jenne's Penne order was even better. More than anything, the service was amazing. The food was good, but what really set the place apart was the service. The owner, Tony was there and he was extremely nice to us. At the end of our meal after we had paid, he brought us out free Tira Misu which was delicious (my roommate even added a picture of it!). Also, our waiter Ian was really nice and while we were eating my roommate and I even commented on how rare it was to go to a restaurant where you don't have to flag the waiter down - they were always there when we needed them.All in all, Bravo Bistro was very good and definitely worth it. I'm definitely planning on going in again especially for happy hour!
5	Went here on a Saturday night for a date night and it was absolutely amazing. The dining atmosphere was quiet, the lighting was nice, and our waiter was very helpful as it was our first time here.We started off with an Apple Martini and a Cosmo which were made to perfection. Then we ordered the Iceberg (wedge) salad to split, the stuffed eggplant and the chicken Parmesan. The portions were bigger so we each had to bring some home for lunch tomorrow. The chicken was juicy, the stuffed eggplant was made with just enough spicy 'kick' to it (upon request) and had a hint of garlic in it. Overall, the experience was one we absolutely enjoyed and would recommend to anyone.
1	I bought a Groupon for Bravo Bistro after reading other positive reviews on Yelp and elsewhere. The groupon was $44 which included a dinner for 2 (seemingly an amazing deal). It was supposed to include any appetizer, any 2 glasses of wine, and any 2 entrees. The groupon explicitly stated that the value of the deal was $124 (up to $16 appetizer, 2x$16 wine, 2x $38 entree).When I sat down to the table and explained that I was using a groupon, I was surprised when the house menu was taken from my grip and replaced with a small green piece of paper detailing the "Groupon Menu". On this menu, the most expensive entree was $22 and none of the large 2 person appetizers were included. My $124 valued groupon now felt like it was worth MUCH less.Needless to say, we were furious. I asked to speak to the manager. The manager came over an acted very smug while he explained to me that this was the groupon menu that I had to order from.The manger listened but seamed to care little that the restaurant was completely misleading customers with the groupon deal. After a 10 minute argument, he agreed to to "accommodate us" and gave us the normal menu back. I then ordered the Veal Ossobucco (my favorite dish and the reason for us coming to Bravo Bistro in the first place).I'm then told that they are all out of Ossobucco! Of course, how convenient. And they also wouldn't allow us to order any of the specials either.We paid for our two glasses of wine, left, and refunded our Groupon by emailing support@groupon.com.We'll never go back.There are plenty of great restaurants in the Old Town area. I'd recommend staying far away from this place -- Don't be temped by misleading groupon deals!
3	The food was pretty good. However, I hated the interior design of the restaurant. If the place looked better than now, I would have given one more start.. calamari was well fried and Jean penne I ordered was pretty good.
4	I came to Bravo Bistro with a couple friends using a Groupon.  The restaurant is a small quaint place, which is the right ambiance for a date.  The restaurant had a homey vibe, which was nice.  Our server looked like he was Italian and provided great Hosp-Italiano (Great Italian Hospitality).  The only thing that does not give this place a 5-star is a limited menu.  I wish there was more variety, as it took me a solid 10 minutes to see what I really wanted.  I was looking for something light, but flavorful.  I got the chicken marsala, which had good amount of flavor.  The sauteed mushrooms on top of the course was amazing and well-caramelized.  While we were waiting, we got hummus and pita bread.  I was quite surprised and very pleased to have something delicious to satisfy the temporary hunger.  My friends enjoyed their meals as well (ravioli and vegan penne primavera).
1	DH & I came to Bravo Bistro tonight. We had terrible service, we waited for 5 minutes before receiving menus. During that time they asked what we wanted to eat & drink before noticing that we did not have any menus. They do not have a menu for wine by the glass....they only tell you that they have cab sauv, merlot, chianti....and so forth, without saying where each is from or the price of the wine. We finally got menus and ordered, we had the grilled bruschetta with peppers, chicken parmesan, and chicken marsala. They do not provide pasta with the chicken marsala, it was a vegetable medley. DH had a couple of bites and stated that the chicken parmesan is better at Olive Garden, and he hates Olive Garden. DH's marinara sauce tasted like ragu sauce. My chicken marsala had no flavor at all, you couldn't even taste the mushrooms. The marsala sauce was very bland. The bruschetta bread was soggy. The wait staff did not notice that my water glass was empty and had been for awhile. DH & I would not go back, and would encourage others not to waste their money at Bravo Bistro.
3	The bread they offer is a disgrace to "italian" bread but it is worth the trip for the chocolate bread pudding! The rest of the food is good but nothing special. Server was excellent!
1	1 star is a stretch~ I really was VERY disappointed & thought Bravo Bistro didn't deserve any stars!  Bought a groupon and tried this place out after reading mixed reviews.  Service was not good, waiter was watching football instead of getting our bottle of wine...which by the way, was the best part of the meal.  Calamari was decent, we ordered capellini pomodoro and linguine & clams with marinara.  Pomodoro was edible, linguine & clams came with white wine sauce and they brought them back to fast we wondered if they didn't either rinse the pasta or just add the marinara sauce to the dish!  Ordered some bread, 1st order was burnt and the 2nd order was not as black, but still not good!  How do you have bad bread?  REALLY!  We won't be back & are trying to get a refund for the 2nd groupon we purchased for this place.
2	Our dinner at Bravo Bistro was fair. Nothing special, nothing to go out of your way for.  The appetizer portions were small. Calamari was very tasty but only provided a few bites. I ordered the linguini in clam sauce. Adequate portion but sauce was tasteless. No garlic flavor, watery and bland. The stuffed eggplant was also bland. We ordered garlic bread for some flavor. What came out for $4.00 a serving were small melba toast-like round crusty pieces of dried out bread. The service was great and attentive, but if you want flavorful, interesting food you'll have to go somewhere else.
1	My husband and I went here for the Living Social deal ($40 for $20). Not sure it was worth it. The service was great, our waiter was really nice and helpful. But our portions were quite small and the dishes overpriced. For instance, my husband's side salad had one slice of tomato in it (pretty sad looking) and the bruschetta was just 4 bland and boring slices. My chicken marsala was alright, but still stingy, even with the sauce. The house wine was decent, but I'm not sure if it was worth $9 per glass. Also, the place is pretty small so the tables are quite close together. This wouldn't have been a problem if it didn't require the waiter to keep putting his backside over our table while he was leaning to pour water for the table next to us. It was embarrassing for all involved, though I don't think he noticed. Overall, we were pretty unimpressed with this restaurant.
5	Took the wife out to Old town and discovered this awesome family owned business.  The owner and staff were great.  We got plenty of special attention as did the other guest.  I definitely  would recommend this place to all.
5	I stumbled upon this hidden gem for my friends birthday and DAMMMMMMNN was it good...fresh and mouth watering...we had the brochetta I think that's how its spelt the olive oil and vinegar is out of this world and the tomato and basil so fresh...also had the cheese raviolis OUTRAGEOUSLY good...then after being stuffed beyond belief the waitress brought out the canollis and tiramisu holy moley did I die and go to heaven after that....the staff and atmosphere was amazing as well...plus the little old man who went around I think he was the owner? is so cute :) I will be back for amazing Italian food!!
5	We had a great dining experience at the Bravo Bistro last night!  It was a fun date night and we look forward to going back.  Very elegant ambiance and a professional and courteous staff.  I had the grilled salmon and it had an amazing flavor.  I really like my zucchini and cooked carrots too.  My husband had spaghetti and he loved the meat sauce - both meals were very memorable.  We enjoyed red wine and some after dinner drinks as well.  We really enjoyed talking with the owner and he gave us a tour of the upstairs.  It is a great space for parties and it has a really cool balcony overlooking Scottsdale road.  Bravo Bistro is a very charming place and we look forward to bringing our family and friends with us next time!
4	Cozy and charming, decorated tastefully but not pretentious in spite of the Scottsdale Rd address. Wish we had brought jackets to take advantage of outdoor seating & really nifty heating system.Interesting soup  - fresh spinach, cheese, chicken broth, very nice. Fresh Bruschetta - the tomatos were red & ripe but not mushy!  Trout was fresh tasting and not over seasoned or overcooked - Just Right!  Son had eggplant dish and the red sauce was garlicky and nicely complex, totally stood up to the penne! He said the caesar dressing tasted homemade and "interesting" too!Overall Good experience, Great service, friendly but not pushy.  Valet service $5 which is worth it in that crowded area of town. Would like to see more selections of wine by the glass since i am the only wine drinker in my group.  Next time I will ask what "market price" actually is - although the meal was tasty it is better to know before the check is presented!  (lesson learned)
1	I've never had such terrible service.  When I spend more than $100 on dinner for two people, I expect the servers to at least be polite.  Went on a Friday night, but there was no hostess on duty.  After waiting a bit at the hostess stand, we gave up and walked into the dining area where we were pointed to a table.  This was an issue all night with people wandering through the crowded tables looking for somewhere to sit and standing over diners waiting for them to get up.  We placed our drink order (bottles of wine starting at $40), and then we waited.  And waited.  Finally someone walked by and put the bottle on our table - unopened - and kept walking.  10 minutes later a different server came by and asked if we wanted the bottle open (ummmm...yeah!).  While he was opening it, the first guy came by and started fussing at him because he "was planning on coming back for it."  They walked off bickering - and without taking our order.  After 20 minutes, we considered just leaving money on the table for the wine and going someplace else.  It wasn't that the servers were too busy, the ratio of servers to tables looked fine.  And I could them wandering around at the bar not actually doing anything.  Everytime one walked past our table he turned his head and avoided eye contact.  Finally, we were able to wave someone down when he told us that we weren't really his table, but fine, he would take our order.  Scowling the entire time.  We got a calamari appetizer, a ceaser salad, chicken parmesan and chicken marsala.  The food was good.  But by the time we got it, we had finished our bottle of wine and weren't offered anyting else to drink.  Nobody came by to check to see if the food was ok.  So while the food and decor was good, I marked it down for being overpriced and terrible service.  I won't be going back.
1	Here we go again!  I bought 2 Groupons for this restaurant & our 1st experience was horrible.  The Groupon was expiring so we thought we could just go for Happy Hour-wine & some appetizers.  On the website the Happy Hour says $2 off glasses of wine and appetizers 1/2 off!  We went on a Friday @5 because the HH was from 5-7.  Once we were seated and ordered a bottle of wine the server proceeded to tell us about specials-we told him we were there for HH and he said they don't do that anymore!  I assume what he meant was the pricing?  We ordered 2 appetizers and a bottle of wine.  Our Groupon for $40 of food still cost another $40-$80 for HH!  Ridiculously overpriced for poor service and average (&that's stretching it) food!  Burnt bread, once again-how do you burn bread?  They apparently lay it on a grill and forget it!  We had mussels in wine sauce(a special) & the antipasto plate.  We will NEVER go back there and honestly are wondering when we will see a closed sign on the door-I do not know how they stay open!  Would not recommend with or without a Groupon, overpriced and not good food!
1	This restaurant is the reason that I created a yelp account. If I can prevent just one person from making the mistake that I made (going to Bravo Bistro) then I will be happy.I first heard of this restaurant on a local television program "Check Please Arizona," where it received good reviews. Needless to say, I went into this expecting a positive experience.When we sat down our first thought was that the menu seemed greatly inferior to the menu they had presented on the show. Undaunted, my girlfriend and I went against our initial impulse to seek greener pastures and ordered off the "new" menu. I ordered chicken, and she ordered pasta primavera. Shortly after placing the order we were informed that there was no chicken. This was an hour into their dinner service, and we were the third table of the night. As an alternative the waiter was inconsiderate enough to suggest I try the cioppino, which I was willing to give a shot. In retrospect this was the second time we missed a queue to leave.When our food arrived the first sign that something was amiss was that the pasta primavera, which was described as containing a wide variety of vegetables, was angel hair pasta in red sauce. As a remedy the restaurant was happy to give us vegetables to mix in, which made their way onto the check in the form of an $8 charge.If the pasta was bad, the cioppino was a disgrace to Italian Americans. It was bland, rubbery, uninspired, and $36! I felt like I had been conned by the waiter, who was rude and condescending throughout the entire ordeal.When we finally got the check a tip was out of the question for a many reasons as you can imagine, and while we were unhappy at the cost we were relieved to be able to head home and commiserate over a glass of wine. You can imagine our surprise when we received a call from the waiter, who used the number we had provided for reservations to reach out and express his displeasure. He yelled and screamed his opinions about us for several minutes, refusing to take any responsibility for our experience and heaping ridicule on customers that had just spent over $100 in his place of business.In conclusion, this business deserves to fail. They are inept, disrespectful, and downright invasive. Their food is of poor quality and high cost. Go there at your own risk.
5	Best lasagna I've ever had and that cudes Italy
5	Just held my husband's 50th birthday party in the cozy and comfortable upstairs lounge of Bravo Bistro.  Our guests were wowed by the homey ambience and the wonderful outdoor balcony, but the food and the service impressed them even more.  We loved the delicious antipasto platters, the flavorful chicken and beef kabobs and the amazing hummus, not to mention the pasta too.  The service was impeccable and staff  even helped with decorating for the party! It's the perfect place to create a memorable evening for a special event.
5	This is a great, if pricey, Italian restaurant.  An old friend and I went there for dinner.  I wanted to carb-load, as I had a triathlon the next day, but I had their special - salmon, steamed mussels, and a bed of risotto.  The salmon was perfectly cooked.  My friend ordered a bottle of Cabernet from Sonoma County, which was excellent.  Jeff, the owner, stopped by our table to say hi, and that's always a nice touch.Our waiter told us that some of the servers and the chef had been at the restaurant for many years, which says a lot about how the management treats the employees.The ambiance is great - low lighting and a very cozy vibe.It's not cheap, though - $143 (before tip) for two entrees and a bottle of wine.  But, for a special occasion, you can't go wrong.
5	What a find, went with friends the other night for the first time.  I've walked pass the place a hundred times and never went in,  it is a well kept secret in Scottsdale.  The food was delicious.  We started with the fried calamarie and a cold antiposto  perfect.  I had the Pasta Primavara in oil and garlic  which was cooked just perfect and my wife had an eggpalnt dish that was great.   Price wise I thought it was very reasonable and we'll definitley be going back.
5	Second visit just as good as the first. This is a great restaurant!
5	We are from ST LOUIS MO and visit Bravo every time we go to Scottsdale (15 years).  We first visited back in 1997 when Steve owned it.  BAR NONE...you won't find better Italian cuisine then this.  Get the lasagna.  There will be leftovers.  And the atmosphere is very cool.  If they ever want to re-locate to ST LOUIS, let us know.
5	This is hands down one of the best restaurants I've been to in Arizona! It has a chic little ambience but what's most important is the food is unbelievable. I think it's more Mediterranean than Italian... you get freshly homemade pita and hummus when you sit down and every single entree I have had there is utter perfection. My filets are always to die for! Save some room for dessert!
