2	The customer service is bad. I feel like the workers hate their job.  Every time I go in one person is at the counter and there is a long line.  No one   acknowledges that another line needs to be opened unless the customers start to complain.  One of the workers was arguing with her coworker and said bitch out loud.  Other than the HORRIBLE customer service this post office is convenient.
1	Waited in line for 45 mins to renew my daughters passport. Only to get to the front of the line and be told they have to take ten people before me!! Oh and it's their policy!! Then she says there are other post offices that I can go too!!  No wonder people go postal!!
1	This is BY FAR THE WORST POST OFFICE IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA! The box clerk, Bette, is literally insane and needs to be not only fired but institutionalized for the criminally insane! Since October, this insane control freak has RETURNED ALL MY MAIL! I inquire at the post office and they tell me to call and talk to her which takes WEEKS because she leaves early EVERY DAY. When I finally get her on the phone, she tells me, "I returned ALL your mail and I DON'T CARE IF YOU EVER GET ANY MAIL!" Then says, "FUCK YOU" AND HANGS UP ON ME! I call back to speak to the postmaster and NONE of the employees will put him on the phone! They won't take a complaint and continually hang up on me! I literally had to file a postal complaint to get ANY mail and now I'm getting mail from October! NONE of the mail I've mailed from here has been delivered! I guess tampering with mail is only a federal offense if anyone cares to enforce it! This post office should be shut down and Bette the box clerk should be prosecuted!
4	This Post Office was near the airport which made it convenient for my wife and I before we flew back to Cali.  All we needed to do was grab a flat rate box and ship it out.  We went inside grabbed the box which was easily acceptable and went out to the car to load it up.  I love that if it fits it ships, and we made it fit.  After we made it back inside we were waiting in line when when a nice old lady needed help with a piece of registered mail.  Since all the employees were busy my wife who works in a law office helped her out.  While my wife was helping that lady, an employee asked me if I wanted to use the self checkout computer and I looked over and there was a lady using it.  I forgot to say that I was next in line.  So I asked the employee, isn't someone using it, and she said no I can help you.  So I don't know why but I believed her and we walked over there and she said ok just wait behind this lady.  I then asked why would I want to wait when I was next in line so I walked back and the girl that was behind be was being asked to come up to the counter.  All I could do was laugh and I took my spot back in line and was then helped by a very nice gentlemen who got me out the door very quickly.  The place was very clean and I would use it again if I ever need to ship something next time I am in Vegas.
4	FREE BOXES FOR PRIORITY SHIPPERSI do a lot of shipping and mailing at work. I make several visits to the Post Office in Walnut Creek every week. After stopping at one Post Office that was closed for lunch, we made our way here to send a package of our stuff, back home to us. This post office had everything we needed to get our treasures home. Well, they didn't have the sticker label for addressing like I usually use, but it's probably less wasteful to just write on the box anyhow. So that's exactly what I did.While in line, I helped an elderly woman fill out a certified mailing order with return receipt. These can be confusing if you don't use them all of the time.  She appreciated the help and when I was done it was my turn to pay. The employee took the flat rate charge (approx. $12) and our package was home safely in two days. Well done, post office!
1	Absolutely the worst Customer Service not only the letter carriers (Rich) who spews racial hate but the lack of attention to their customers from a managers stand point! They do not return phone calls or emails. Try another post office like the one on St. Rose and Seven Hills those employees smile and are happy to do their jobs!
4	I like this post office. The building is open fairly late (maybe even 24/7) and has a kiosk that can handle almost all my shipping needs. Who needs to wait in line all day. Not this girl! I also really like the automatic doors. This location also has a fair amount of PO boxes. I've only dealt with the customer service reps a few times and all interactions were fine. Nothing special, just polite and efficient. I really only come here after hours to mail packages or get stamps from the kiosk. If you are looking for quick and easy, this is the place.
1	I thought priority mail is 2 days guarantee.. Now i found out its bs.. There is no guarantee for delivery.. Absolute bs..
2	The hours at this location are just about as terrible as possible for me (M-F 8:30am-5:00pm).  The Seven Hills location is open 9:00am-5:30pm which would at least allow for a few more people like me to be able to stop by after work.  I don't understand why they don't just open 9:30am to 6:00pm or something.  The way it's set up now just forces this location to have a HUGE weekday lunchtime rush.Today during the weekday lunchtime rush there was ONE person working at the counter.  ONE.  Ridiculous.  Usually it's only understaffed by having two employees at the counter (which is still about two less than they should have working).To make things worse, the kiosk was broken today.  Although, even when it is working it doesn't help the lines much (more of a commentary on the customers than the business though).The employees are rude and unprofessional.  One time when I was at the counter I could hear the employees in the back calling each other "n***er" and "motherf***er".  Unbelievable.
1	I went yesterday to get a new passport. After was sent back to change the amount of the money order, I get back on the line for about an hour cause only one person does the passport. Once assisted she tells me that my money order is again won't, when I tried to explain the amount was right she got upset abbr started saying "we don't believe in the fees posted on the government website, Obama sucks, we need a new president, f&$k Obama care. You trust what I tell you!" Then she told me she wasn't gonna serve me if I keep asking and rudely told me I was better off at the Sunset station since she had other customers. Then she over charged me $15. When finally a supervisor came over and I referred the issue, she pretended like nothing happened and still was arguing about the fees age kept over charging. Obviously this lady is crazy and should retire. Never apologized once and I even found out she filled in my papers wrong. WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!
3	I don't understand the bad reviews this post office gets. The staff is always very friendly and helpful. I have not once had a bad experience there. Yes, the wait can be really long sometimes. But that is not the fault of the staff at the post office. It's the fault of people who come there and ship things that are not boxed up, they don't have the paper work like custom declarations ready, etc. They bring their babies and they are crying etc. The staff is always so patient, friendly and helpful to people who didn't prepare their stuff right. I go there often, and I have never had a bad experience. I like to compliment the staff there for their patience with people. I hope that people who read this think about their attitude towards the post office employees a bit, and hopefully appreciate their work a little more.I like how there is always an employee asking what we need when in line. That speeds up the entire process and helps. I also like the kiosk. It works well for me.
4	I know going to any post office is a pain, but that is rarely the case for me whenever I go to this location. This post office tends to be busy while it is "open" more often than not, but there is always one or two parking spaces available so I can park. As soon as I enter, there is a long line for the counters with employees behind them, but fortunately, I rarely have to deal with that line. Most of my business at a post office is either picking up mail at the PO box, waiting in the much shorter line to pick up a large package at the half door, dropping off letters inside, or using the machine to print postage labels so I can easily drop off my large packages to the left of the machine.Because my business rarely needs a live employee, I never have to worry about what time it is because this post office is "open" 24-7 if I don't have to go to the counter with the live employees. I deal with the machine if I need to or I drop off mail in the slots. In and out of the post office any time during the day or night and I like that flexibility.
1	This has to be one of the worst run businesses I have ever seen. Due only to proximity to my home, I have attempted to accomplish a few seemingly simple post office errands on multiple occasions, and the incompetency of ALL staff and services provided never ceases to prevail. **Passport Photo and application for our 3 month old baby- Attendant says "We need you to make copies of these documents and come back before we can complete photo and application... But we have no copy machine. Make copy and come back" (I then leave with baby to make copies elsewhere and return, wait in line again only to hear)- "Let me see if someone can do the photo..." (Lady asks staff loudly)- "Who can do the passport photo?" (Silence from staff. She struggles to get an answer out of one staff member who says)- " we don't have the white sheet" (even though there is blank white wall in the photo area to utilize and I am perfectly capable of holding up my baby for it go the face shot where my arms won't show). She finally says "just go to walgreens and get a photo and come back". Needless to say I didn't return to complete the process at this location.**Example 2: Mailing a package and letter using Priority Service- as I look around for mailing labels and packages, they are of course out of priority labels and every type of package other than the largest size. I settle for using my own envelope which I was hoping to deliver in pristine condition and go to the self service area to print a paid mailing label which I can them write an address on. Looking around for a pen, which of course there are none (even for sale), The staff points to a pen refill with no case on it, that was placed in one of 6 different empty pen holders. I grab the tiny refill and try to write on the label, and the leaky refill gets ink all over my hand. I ask for a paper towel or tissue and of course no one knows anything about where to find one. One staff member tells me to ask the mail room person, but that person is of course not around at the moment. This all may sound like a comedy act but I'm sorry to say that it's the actual experience you are likely to receive at this post office location. There were more horrifying details regarding staff attitudes I witnessed, including towards other customers, but in order to avoid writing a book, I gave only the baseline review.
1	Waiting in line of about 10 people, it's 15 minutes till closing time and there is two windows open for helping out the customers in line, until now, they shut one down putting up a window closed sign!!!! Seriously!!! It's only 15 more minutes till closing time!! You couldn't have waited! And it's sooooo hot on here. There is one helpful lady in here working down the line trying to help people out. But leaving open the second window would've helped us in a tremendous way.I hope a supervisor reads this ....I first went to the self mailing station, put my package on the scale and went to print the postage, the price was $4.95 for regular first class, I went to get my debit card, then realizing I forgot it at home. So I head over to the line and wait, once I get to the window to pay, the price is now $6.95 for the same first class!!!!!!! So I waited 15 minutes in line to pay $2.00 more to use cash!!!!! WOW just wow!
1	I thought it took at least some education to work for the post office. I was wrong. A personality would be nice as well. WRONG on both accounts. This branch should be closed down to save money. The resident would rather drive a little than put up with such horrible service and bad attitudes.
1	Customer service agent I spoke with barely spoke English and didn't seem to have any idea what I was talking about regarding a simple mail hold and address change. It's a very time sensitive matter, and she promised me a call back after she could "check the system," but I haven't heard from anyone. Impossible to reach anyone to begin with, the phone is permanently busy it seems. Service is slow and inadequate in store as well. But, what would you expect from a government run agency?
