4	For a breakfast chain, Cora reigns supreme. Mounds of fresh fruit, artfully cut and arranged on every breakfast platter makes you feel a little better about the eggs, cheese & hollandaise wrapped in your giant crepe. The hand-made menus are super-cute. You won't go home hungry!
4	Great food, beautifully plated and served by friendly staff. We enjoyed it so much, we ended up going three times over the course of our week in Montreal.The crepes and French toast were hot and delicious. The bacon and eggs were cooked perfectly. The huge portions of fresh fruit really rounded out the meal. The wait staff was friendly and quick to top off my coffee, a feature I really appreciate. If you're looking for a great breakfast, it's tough to go wrong here.
4	Great food. I had the buckwheat crepe. It was excellent.
2	I think my girl hyped this place up too much.  She had gone to Montreal the year before and SWORE BY IT.  It was our last morning in Montreal before getting back on the road to head back home, so I made a point of eating there before I left.  Honestly?  It was just Denny's with crepes.  Nothing fancy. Ok - maybe Baker's Square with crepes.  Would I go again? Sure.  But I definitely wouldn't expect anything more than a solid effort at breakfast food.  It's really just "ok"
4	When you look at the pictures in the menu, you think - naah, can't be that good in real life. But it WAS! We had the bagel with smoked salmon and a heaping pile of fruit which was absolutely amazing, and the other dish was a cinnamon brioche made french toast style with an egg and bacon and heaping pile of fruit. I ordered a side of custard for dipping :)I can't remember a better breakfast anywhere, seriously. And also, very good service!We went on a Saturday morning, there was a long line out the door - so be prepared.  There's a Starbucks a couple of blocks away on Rue St Catherine - maybe stop there first and then you won't mind the line as much.
1	Zero stars because for two mornings in a row reception was so slow we got fed up waiting and went somewhere else. Plenty of empty tables, not enough staff. I've frequented Cora's places in Halifax without complaint, but this was a shambles!
2	The whole time I was here I couldn't shake the feeling that I was in a Denny's by a different name.Food was decent, but nothing special. I had a little skillet of potatoes, eggs, veggies, and cheese. Not bad, but rather bland and unexciting. Service was slow and inattentive. It took ages to get coffee, coffee refills, and the check. You pay for your meal at the register, rather than with your server. There was a line at least 10 people deep waiting to pay when we went up to pay. Nothing like waiting in line for 15 minutes to pay for a mediocre meal.
4	Really need an ability to rate in between the whole numbers - this was 4.5 star experience.Just looking at the reviews below, I can't comment on the service (we had no issues with ours, may be except a tad longer wait for the check to arrive), but when they say it is "just ok" food or "just ok" breakfast, I'm really curious what they consider "good" food....Food was impeccable, fresh, lots (did I say lots) of fresh fruit with every dish. I never had better Eggs Benedict - hollandaise sauce was just perfectly balanced and whole execution of the dish was outstanding. Western omelette was also very good.Definitely recommended place for breakfast, especially if you are traveling with kids.
2	The food is ok,but the service needs to be improved. Waiting to get seated could take up to 20 minutes. Then having your order get taken takes another 10 minutes.I noticed that there are quite a few complaints here for the service and it's understaffed situation, but evidently the establishment doesn't think it's a problem.
3	I enjoyed my meal here although it wasn't out of this world.  I hovered between 3 and 4 stars.  I don't agree with other reviewers who compared it to Denny's though... clearly those people have not eaten at Denny's recently.  I also had no problem with the potatoes, they seemed just fine.  I had the eggs ben et dictine and they were pretty good (definitely not the best I've ever had but solid).  The hollendais sauce could have been better (it was very tame).  We also ordered the rasberry crepes which were good although we were a little surprised that they were served cold ( not necessarily a bad thing just surprised us).  I loved the fruit garnish on the plates!The service was fine although as some noted not the quickest.  They didn't seem to have many waitstaff for the crowd, but it wasn't a problem for us.
2	There are a million breakfast places in Montreal that serve this stuff (or better) for less than Chez Cora charges...If you don't take chances on other places, for sure you'll think this is the best breakfast ever...
5	Came here for breakfast one day.  We had to wait a bit, as it seems to be quite a popular  place. We got seated and menus were given to us.  The waiter was nice and eager to serve.  As my super-healthy eating friends perused the menu, I suddenly heard them cry out in horror and disgust at something in the menu.  I felt this was a cry for the item I wanted to eat.     After they settled down, they revealed it to me.  It was called an e'tage 10, and it had just about every form of pig one could ask for on a plate.  This thing had hot dog, bacon, ham, bologna, sausage, Cheese, vegetables and the kitchen sink was tossed in for good measure.     My friends ordered various healthy  things, and it all arrived shortly after we ordered it.  The food was very very well presented.  Fruit was arranged as beautiful flowers, placed atop sundae-dishes filled with yogurt parfait.  My omelet was massive, and delicious.  Meat extravaganza danced in my mouth.  Meat mixed with eggs and vegetables and was washed down with hot coffee.  It was an amazing meal.      The food was great, the service was great, and the place was clean.  Whenever I find my way back to Montreal, I'll certainly come back here.
3	3.5 stars!Easily my favorite brunch place in Montreal. It was next door to me when I was staying at the Sheraton for conference. The breakfast is fresh and delicious, and you get quite a lot of food for the price. (Especially compared to the $19.99+ breakfast price tag at Sheraton) Since I'm a fruit fanatic, I love the food combination at Cora with huge sides of fruits. The food is decent, we ordered cinnamon bun and bacon topped with a lot of fruits as well as egg/sausage/bacon with hash browns. The atmosphere is quite relaxing, a great place for friends to social in the morning.Nothing exquisite, just simple delicious relaxing food.
3	Chez Cora kind of reminds me of IHop a little or maybe another restaurant chain. It is pretty decent and they have a lot of choices. Of course, me being the fatty I am, kept getting the eggs benedict everywhere I went. Got them here and they were pretty decent, nothing to write home about but definitely a great place for families with kids.
2	There's better breakfast food choices in the area...much better ones.Chez Cora was recommended to me by a friend, who claimed it was cheap and it was delicious.  Me and a friend went here on Friday morning.  There was a line that reached out their door, but the line went quickly.  I took this as a good sign...but I shouldn't have.  Chez Cora is huge, with many many tables inside and stressed staff trying to keep up.  The waiters zoom past you nearly at a jog, and it's extremely difficult to get someone's attention.I ordered 3 eggs over easy, 3 strips of bacon, 2 sausages, a mound of apple-cut potatoes, and some fresh fruit of pineapple, cantaloupe, and strawberry.  The eggs were cooked perfectly, the bacon was alright...not soggy, so that's good. But strangely tasteless?  I'm not sure how that happens.  The sausages were the worst - extremely tasteless, I couldn't tell if it was a chicken or a pork sausage, or a combination.  It just tasted like bland fat.  The potates were also rather tasteless; I think they were simply boiled, sliced, and that's it.  I see that some people are raving about having fresh fruit....but in Montreal, this is not uncommon at all.  You'd expect it as much as you'd expect a hotel to have a toilet or a bed.  There's nothing special about it.Oh, also the waiter forgot to give us our coffee, which is supposed to be part of the breakfast set we ordered.  It was hard to flag down our waiter - or any waiter - because he was constantly rushing around to deal with other people.  This isn't his fault per se...they just don't have enough staff to cover such a big area.  Even though there were many empty tables in our section...the waiter could traverse one entire row and not see my hand up at all, because there's so much space.  We already had the single-serve packets of cream from when they first delivered our breakfast food, but they never gave us a cup of coffee to dump it in to.Finally, we flagged the waiter down.  "Isn't this breakfast supposed to come with coffee?"  Waiter replied, "Yes."Long, silent pause transpired between us."Can we have our coffee?"Waiter replied, "Yes." Then disappeared.He returned with coffee that, sadly, was not worth the effort to get.  It was weak, but at the same time I didn't want it to be any stronger because it also tasted awfully burnt.The price is not drastically cheaper, so I would not go here again.  There's far better breakfast places a stone throw away; their lower price does not justify the bland tastes and bad service.  Why make yourself suffer over $2?
3	Came here on a Sunday morning for breakfast.  There was a little bit of a wait, but were seated pretty quickly.Service was good.  When we got our food, all 4 of our eggs were cold.  Looks like they waited too long to serve it to us.  I was pretty disappointed and didn't eat the cold eggs.On the flip side, their fruit is always fresh and tasty. They also had decent coffee.I would give them another shot next time I'm in town.
2	With all the charm and allure of a Denny's, Chez Cora was recommended by not one, but two of our friends on places to get a decent breakfast at in Montreal.  I wasn't thoroughly disappointed; the food was fine and the service was fast, but I couldn't get over the fact that this place that was well regarded by everyone we had talked to before coming to Montreal was essentially Denny's.  I'm not a big fan of Denny's if you haven't figured it out.We started by looking over the menu, which had many different choices for all things breakfast.  Despite this, I couldn't decide on what I wanted simply because nothing truly sounded appealing.  I settled for a spinach and cheddar crepe.  It was fine: savory and salty, and surprisingly good with a little maple syrup.  The BF's apple and cheddar crepe didn't taste quite as good in my opinion, but it was fine.  Nothing to write home about though.I was also surprised that coffee wasn't included in the cost of our meal, whereas a six-and-a-half dollar simple eggs and meat breakfast included it.  The pricing structure is a little weird, and all in all I found breakfast to be a little more expensive than I would have bargained for.  Overall, meh experience and would probably go somewhere else.
3	As has become a tradition before the St-Patrick's Day parade in Montreal, we came here for breakfast to coat our stomachs before imbibing. We got there at about 10:30 to ensure we had enough time to wait in line (because there will most definitely be a line on the morning of the St-Patrick's Day parade!), eat and get to our "spot" in time for the parade to start. We waited about 15 minutes in line which isn't bad considering the amount of people there. We were seated by the window (always a nice touch), and wanting to try something different from my usual (3 large crepes with fresh fruit and homestyle potatoes), I opted for Rosemary's Sunday, which included everything you could possibly want in a breakfast - eggs (scrambled of course), whole wheat toast, fresh fruit, blueberry pancakes, homestyle potatoes and bacon. YUM! It was very satisfying and pretty good, mind you the pancakes could have been a little fluffier and fresher (they seemed a little stale), but nonetheless, it was a success! For a chain restaurant it does the trick. Given a choice, however, I prefer smaller establishments.
3	Never heard of this place and went here for breakfast and was so pleasantly surprised with the quality, price and convenience (it was right next to our hotel) that I went back the very next day!Very solid breakfast. Omelettes were great. Portions plentiful. The potatoes as well as the nice fruit made the breakfast a winner. My son had the eggs& toast one day and blueberry crepes the next.  Coffee was very good. THEN after coming home, I found out it was a chain! I must say, I was surprised...
3	If you are coming before 10 its nice and quiet, after 10 its madness.   when the place is busy the service become slow.VERY SLOW!!! waited for a coffee more then 15min!!!!  but in general the place is OK, the food is good as usual in Cora.
4	While visiting from the US for a conference, my classmates and I were desperately craving for some healthy food. We get enough of the tasty, fatty foods at lunches and dinners, so Cora was a perfect place for breakfast! I don't normally eat many fruits, but I'm a fan of the Cora chain of restaurants. The strawberries are sweet, the bananas are perfectly ripe, and everything is cut to perfection. I ordered the Sarrasin Surprise and then the Surprise during my two breakfasts here. Both were delicious.Many of us wished deeply that Cora would expand to the US! We could use some healthier breakfast options!
2	I was not too impressed, I felt no effort placed on my meal. Had dust on my grapes and sour fruits. I haven't been back to coras in some time!
2	Came here to have a bite with some friends who were in town. It wasn't my personal choice of place to eat compared to some amazing competition on Montreal. I was apprehensive of this specific member of the Chez Cora chain being located in a hotel near the Bell Center.I ordered their 7th of July and it was nothing special. The fruits were fresh but the crepes were rather bland and unexciting. For the price tag, I expected more fruits and the crepes to have some gusto. I guess not.Service was very slow and inattentive. It took ages to get coffee, coffee refills and the check. Seriously, should I be asking for the check thrice so that we can pay to leave when dozens of people are waiting at the door?Should I mention I shouldn't ask twice for the Maple Syrup as well? And speaking of that, can I get the genuine stuff instead of the cheap stuff? We are after all, IN CANADA.GIVE ME CANADA'S BLOOD GOOD SIR.A Canadian knows full well when the Maple Syrup being offered is of the inferior race of maple syrups!You pay for your meal at the register, rather than with your server, which is a PITA! There was a line at least 15 people waiting to pay when we went up to pay. Like a previous yelper said... nothing like waiting in line for a quarter of an hour to pay for a mediocre meal...
1	feels like I got ROBBED! Not a good deal. $13 for a mediocre breakfast (they just put a bit of fruit on a crepe). Big deal. Avoid like the plague. Try other breakfast alternatives in the city! There are plenty.
3	Chez Cora is a homey place that I miss coming to, as the Kingston, ON location closed some time ago. Being in Montreal begs for something more chic, but to heck with that - we went to Cora's! Wait time was about 15 minutes around 10:30am on a Saturday. The line is long, but the staff certainly are efficient. I can't complain about service time once seated, either; things were speedy and efficient. The coffee is bottomless, the choices are comforting, and the staff are very friendly. If you don't mind a really busy atmosphere, it's not a bad breakfast pick.
1	I've been to lots of Cora restaurants, and this was by far the worst. I ordered the asparagus Swiss Benedict. It had so much sauce on it I had to ask for a spoon and dish to scoop it off. After removing half a cup of sauce, it was still barely edible. The potatoes were dripping with oil. My server never once came to ask how the meal was or refill my coffee- I had to ask one of the other servers.
4	I try to get breakfast here every time that I visit Montreal.  The food is great and the service is usually great also.  Prices are a little higher than I like but not extremely high.They chain should consider expanding south of the border.  I think that this type of place would be very well received.
3	Cora is a lot like the US-ubiquitous IHOPs and Denny's, but unlike most chains, it has a lot of healthier options. Came here before embarking on the half-day Wine Tour of Quebec and the food filled me up for hours. I recommend the whole wheat toasted bagel with lox. It comes with capers, red onion (although a little too much for my liking) and tomatoes all on the bagel. I adore they way they cut up and present all the fruits with the breakfasts! And I'm not just referring to your standard run of the mill fruits like bananas, berries, and apples...you'll get kiwis, mangoes and tropical star fruits as well! They're like cute little fruit diorammas...Easily accessible via metro Peel or Guy Concordia. There was no wait, probably because we arrived early but around 11am the place starts packing out...and with a lot of Longuyland-native look-alike Broskis, probably hungover from the night before in the club gettin' tipsay.
5	One of the better breakfast places in downtown Montreal. I would highly recommend giving it a try.
2	I never like franchised places because standards are very commercialized. I had a waffle with strawberries, and waffles were nothing special, a bit chewy if I must say. I think I can make better ones at home. Food wise it's a nay, but I love the cute and fun decor and the atmosphere. Staff is very friendly and wise and they have clean washrooms. I'm torn to rate this based on food or environment+ service, but I'm there to eat, so i'll put a 2.5-3/5. If you're not picky like me on the quality of waffles and just want food, this is the place to go. Large portions and plenty of fruit options.
4	Chez Cora, despite being a franchise/chain, does have well made, filling meals. And the food really is good. On arrival, the first thing you will probably notice is the enlarged picture of Cora (I assume?) on the front page of the menu - a touch I found to be a bit awkward..Nevertheless, the menu is pretty extensive with a large number of options: sandwiches, burgers, omelettes, eggs Benedict, fried eggs, crepes, waffles, and a small 'rebellious' menu with unusual items like the breakfast poutine. There were four of us at the table and we ordered the (1) breakfast poutine, a ham & (2) swiss omelette, (3) eggs Benedict on waffles and (4) the breakfast burrito (in order of our preference, (1) being the best). The breakfast poutine was an egg atop roasted potatoes, frankfurters and bacon. It was definitely a risk to order, but I wasn't let down. It wasn't your typical poutine, not as greasy, and definitely had the nice breakfast touch I was looking for. The best part was it was topped with Hollandaise sauce rather than gravy. The ham and swiss omelette was also tasty and had a very generous amount of cheese which is always good, not to mention roasted potatoes and fruit. The eggs Benedict were good, but perhaps ordering them on a waffle wasn't the best idea. It was a slightly weird mix of salty and sweet, but it felt kinda like an acquired taste - the more you eat it, the better it gets. The breakfast burrito was actually pretty tasty as well - I didn't try much of it but my friend who ordered it really enjoyed it. The good thing is coffee is complimentary with the food! That's always good to know. The service was good, we received our food fairly quickly. There weren't many people when we went (around 13:30). Overall, the food definitely was as good as we could except. It wasn't exceptional, but worth going back for.
