5	The guys here are very nice and didn't try to blow smoke up my ass!! Great job!!
3	Not the cheapest place to get your oil changed...they do offer a $10 off early bird special (7-10am M-F) but the conventional oil will run you about $40. Next door they'll do it for $20. I guess they also wash your windows and vacuum your car, but I can do that myself. They told me I should get all this work done to my car but at least they weren't pushy about it. Also, a lot of the services they offer here you could probably do yourself (ie. clean battery terminals, replace windshield wipers, replace headlight bulb, etc).
4	Overall I was really impressed with the service here. They were dealing with a difficult customer while I was waiting and even though the customer was very upset, they managed to keep their cool and also continued work on the cars. There were two different "levels" of oil changes and a helpful flyer showing which oil change included what. I was a little annoyed that you couldn't clearly tell what the cost of an oil change was until after they'd already begun work and called you back to discuss the different options. They display prices in their lobby for just about everything else, but the oil change signage does not make it at all clear how much it will be. Otherwise, I was very impressed. They took me back to the computer and went through the different services (in addition to the oil change) that they offer and what my car might be due for and explained everything well. Plus, I love a place that vacuums my floors when I get my oil changed!
1	I have been to this location twice since moving into the area.  The first time was fine - not particularly good, not particularly bad.  Last year the franchise that owns this Jiffy Lube settled a class action lawsuit for illegally spamming customers through SMS text messages.  As one of the consumers affected, I received a credit of $17 toward a future service.  However, when I went to use the voucher, things only got worse.After completing my oil change the staff told me that my voucher was not good toward the service I'd selected because that service was offered at a promotional pricing.  I asked the staff to point out which signage or documents stated their regular value oil change was a "promotion" but they could not provide any supporting evidence, other than their word.  I was told that my only option was to pay the full price, leave, and call their district manager and ask for a refund of the amount I'd overpaid.  Obviously I refused.  I asked them to call their district manager while I was there, understanding that the staff at that location (including the manager) had no power to resolve customer issues.  The district manager did not answer, and never returned my call.  The staff could not provide any other options for resolving the issue aside from charging me for a more expensive service (which I had not received) and applying the credit though this would still cost me more than what I should correctly have owed.I was finally able to resolve the issue by contacting the hotline for the settlement, which confirmed that the voucher could be used toward the service I had received.  While the staff were polite throughout this entire situation, they were obviously frustrated that they had been given false information from their district manager who had instructed them not to take these vouchers for the value oil change.Having been very frustrated myself by the complete lack of consumer complaint resolution procedures, I sent an email to the Jiffy Lube corporate office describing my experience.  It was a week and a half before I received a response from the district manager (who addressed me with the wrong name).  I did receive an apology and the offer of a refund or coupon toward another service.  While I generally appreciate a company's willingness to correct their mistakes, the fact that he continued to use the wrong name even after I included my correct name in my response; that this seems to have been an intentional effort to force customers to purchase more expensive services; and that there was no explanation of how customer issues will be better resolved in the future all make me concerned enough to avoid Jiffy Lube in the future and share this experience so others can be more careful consumers when dealing with this company.UPDATE 1/16/14: As of this time (2 months after my last communication with the district manager) I still have not received the promised refund.
1	Not very professional, the add on front of the store states "24.99 oil change" but when you walk in cheapest oil change is $40.00. Must be a new tactic to get people to walk in. Tried to sell me a cabin air filter for $40.00 when you can get on at auto-zone for like $14.99. They do not know how to properly rotate Non-directional Tires. The kid completely blew it, he did not know the difference between directional and non-directional tires. I tried being professional and informing him but he did not listen and insisted that his method was best. Little did he know I am a mechanical engineer and have taught at WyoTech in automotive. Now my vehicle rides completely different, unbalanced, and not as smooth as it used to, just what I need in the snow. First, last, and final time I take my POV to any Jiffy Lube. STAY AWAY FROM JIFFY LUBE!!!! ESPECIALLY THIS LOCATION!!! Now I will stick to my instinct and just do it myself. Tried talking to the main guy about it but he was not having it, so i just ate the bill and continued on with my day.
5	Kyle and team did a great job! I stopped in with a transmission that had been overfilled by another Jiffy Lube in IL. Kyle and the team got me in and out at no charge. This is why I continue to be a Jiffy Lube customer for well over 10 years.
