5	Salad's have a twofold reputation: first that they're good for you, and second that they're non-filling diet food. Well although they are the healthier choice, Mandy's just goes to show that they offer far more than a "light" lunch. This is some hearty grub!Best part, variety. Oh and REAL ingredients, no plastic tasting iceberg lettuce as filler. Great cheeses, veggies, meats, fruit, nuts, greens, etc. And serious dressing options. I've been there more times than I can count. And the whole back of a boutique salad bar with just enough seating room, attractive clientele and smiling, knowledgeable staff really does it for me. I'm happy.
4	I like this super tiny place! For a small place they sure make a BANG salad! Good topping choices, only they are missing hard boiled eggs. With my custom salad I picked Mandy's House dressing vinaigrette and it was really really good. The nice woman who took my order at the cash (perhaps it was Mandy herself?) told me it was good and she was correct! Next time, I might pay the extra and choose one of their own salads instead of picking my lettuce and 5 toppings. I look forward to my next visit to try something new at Mandy's.
5	Sometimes when a new business opens in Westmount I feel a little nervous for them, but I think Mandy's will do well. I like how Mandy's focuses on salads. Mandy's does it well and it fills you up like a well thought out salad should. I had the Tokyo Salad and what stood out the most was the tofu and the dressing. Tofu is not easy to get right in a salad--at least in my experience anyways. The Tokyo salad was delicious and the ingredients were really fresh. I was skeptical about the seating at first because it is such a small place, but since they serve the salad all in plastic containers, many people get it to go . The seating arrangement outside was just enough for those who wanted to stay.Would definitely go back again and try other salads.
5	We had several salads. All were crunchy fresh and great tasting. A very healthy option. The staff were charming and helpfull. Highly recommended and we will be returning.
3	Sucker for these salads! Have been eating Mandy's salad for years now. Ever since they moved their location to their own store in westmount, i have enjoyed my experience picking up and the quality of the salads.Although it is ridiculous to spend 15 dollars on a salad, it is so large and filling that you don't need to eat it with anything else. Great place to create your own salad or choose from a diverse menu of salads
4	Absolutely luv the fresh and creative menu of salads to choose from. A delicious treat for my husband and I when we feel like splurging. A bit a on the pricey side but worth every penny. Luv the kitschy decor as well! Only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because I wish they would keep soup on the menu all year.
4	Excellent salads and good smoothies. Their monthly specials tend to be especially good. They are generally very fast and accommodate special requests. Love the Mexican, the Curried Quinoa, and the Wolfe Bowl.
4	Mandy's is really delicious. They're not skimpy on the delicious items in every bite. It's very yummy but way, way too expensive.
4	Nice cozy place with many varieties of salads and soups. The dressings are pretty amazing as well.
