5	My family & I go to Dr. M. Broadbent since we moved to Arizona in the late 80's.  Even though we move 20 miles away, we still go to Dr. M. Broadbent for our dental care needs.  Dr. M. Broadbent and his staff provide great service with excellent results.  Recommend.
5	I have major anxiety going to the dentist. When I scheduled appointments for my daughter and me, the receptionist was very polite and helpful. I explained a little of my back-story and she listened patiently while reassuring me everything would be alright.  My daughter's appointment went incredibly well.  They called the day before to remind us of our appointments and even faxed my paperwork so I didn't have to wait in the lobby very long. I was very apprehensive but they made me feel very comfortable and reassured.  They gave me a quick tour and even a gift to welcome me as a new patient.  My DA went over everything she was going to do before she did it which helped my anxiety.  I was embarrassed about my teeth and the quote I most remember was, "There is always someone that is better and someone that is worse" It oddly made everything easier.  After my exam they sat with me and provided me with an estimate and discussed everything in detail.  My biggest fear was being reprimanded for the lack of care I may have had for my teeth and not once was that mentioned. They focused on the positive instead of the negative, letting me know what I could do better instead of what I had done wrong. I would refer this Dental Office to anyone.
5	I went to Broadbent Dentistry once in Mesa, AZ while visiting my mom. Best dentist experience I've ever had! It has been a few years, but I'm still impressed. So I thought I should leave a review.I went in for a regular checkup and cleaning. Dr. Broadbent recommended sealant for my teeth to fill in the deep grooves in order to prevent future cavities. I haven't gotten any new cavities since! He even showed me the finished result of each tooth on a TV screen via a mouth-cam. He was very thorough. I had braces at the time, and he had no problems working around them (which my regular dentist DID have a problem with). The staff is also super friendly!I wish Dr. Broadbent could be my regular dentist, but I live in San Diego, CA. Any dentist visits I've had since then just doesn't compare. I definitely recommend Broadbent Dentistry!
5	Great office.  Most of the staff has been there for many years and they always "know" you when you go in.  Dr. B is very caring and compassionate and gives the most painless shots ever! His son has  joined the practice and is just as nice as he is.
