4	Worth every penny, great driver (Chris) was fun to talk with and knowledgeable. Very comfortable even when "off-roading" on the wet and muddy road to the West Rim of the Grand Canyon, in the Hualapai Reservation.Very good experience, would use them again in a heartbeat.
5	Awesome!! Worth every penny. We took the West Rim Classic Deluxe tour which included the famed Skywalk (cost extra), Hoover Dam, Lake Mead, the Joshua Tree forest, and the Colorado River. Lunch was included, courtesy of the Hualapai Nation tribe. The tour itself was awesome. The views were breathtaking and the jeep (literally a pink jeep off road vehicle) was comfortable, air conditioned, and had large windows to allow for ample picture taking. My complaint is that it cost extra to walk the Skywalk, which our driver told us in advance, but I still think for the cost it should have been included AND no photos were allowed to be taken on the Skywalk. This is not a criticism of Pink Jeep Tours (which is why they are still receiving the 5-star rating), but just a complaint in general. The lunch was good -- BBQ pulled pork, chicken pot pie, apple pie, beans, a tortilla, bottled water. I don't think I've ever seen anything quite so beautiful as the Grand Canyon and the surrounding areas. There were two or three moments where I was able to stand and look out, by myself, and feel the air, the heat, and just be. Pink Jeep tours is worth every penny.
1	The tour guide's driving was very dangerous and he almost hit several cars head on. While the tour was okay, it was dampened by the driver who tried to rush to every location. He also was on his cell phone while driving us to the Grand Canyon. The company overloaded our car and the conditions were dangerous with this company.The SUV was very old and worn out. Stay away!
5	These guys know their stuff! Worth every penny, their Grand Canyon West Rim Deluxe tour was wonderful! We got to see so much throughout not only the Grand Canyon, but the Hoover Dam and Lake Mead too.Just like our Criss Angel tickets, we booked this tour through BestOfVegas.com. They offered quite a few tour options, from both Pink Jeep Tours and other tour providers. The passes were easy to purchase and made our trip perfectly seamless!The tour was wonderful! We were picked up right from our hotel and then whisked off onto the tour. The jeeps were comfortable to ride in and made the longer drive much more bearable. Our tour guide was wonderful. I would definitely recommend them if you choose to do a tour while visiting Las Vegas!
3	If you are into this type of guided tour experience, you will enjoy this. The reason I rated it as a 3 out of 5 is that the tour was SLOW, you didn't get to enjoy many sites and did lots of driving. You would enjoy the park more if you rented a car and drove there for the day, perhaps pack a picnic lunch. The staff and driver we had was fantastic. Again, I'm rating this a 3 out of 5 because this guided tour stuff is not my thing. I think they could pack a bit more into the day and allow you to linger more. Also, my rating was lower due to the poor boxed lunch they packed. For the money you pay, something more than a dry sandwich with a mayo packet would have been nice.
5	Our half-day trip to Red Rock Canyon was worth every penny and far and away one of the highlights of our trip to Vegas.  Our guide, Jerry, was totally versed in the plants and animals of the canyon, took the time to answer all of my annoying questions about plants, and took plenty of time at each stop for us to see everything there was to see.  Pink Jeep has an off-road permit for the park, which allows them to travel on some of the unpaved roads and off the beaten track- during the stop on this portion of the trip, we saw a rare group of big-horned sheep!  I only wish we'd booked another tour through them as well, or a full-day tour.  Next time I go to Vegas I will definitely book with Pink Jeep again, as I'd love to visit the Valley of Fire or Death Valley.
5	We went on the Hoover Dam/Lake Mead Tour thru Pink Jeep and it was worth every penny. Our tour guide/driver, Carol was very kind and informative. She drove us to a park where the horned sheeps were. That was cool! I've never seen a sheep with horns before. Carol was also friendly and a very careful driver. Our group was small, which I like a lot.When I go back to Las Vegas I will surely try other Pink Jeep tour packages.
5	There is not much to say other than AWESOME tour! The guide takes you to a couple of different stops - 1st one being the Hover Damn, 2nd one being a Chocolate Factory (an extremely small one, more like a rest stop, but still good chocolate), and then last but of course not lease the Grand Canyon. Once you get to the Grand Canyon you get to visit the souvenir shop, the sky walk (if you are on the Grand Canyon West tour), the ranch where they can serve you lunch and then to a special section that only pink jeep tours are able to go. This is the best part, because you don't have to fight through the crowds to take pictures, since you are only with the group of nine people who are on your tour bus. The guide will bring you on a short 10/15 minute hike and is willing to take loads of pictures for you. The guide also knows a ton of information - they literally talk the whole time - telling you different things about Las Vegas, the Grand Canyon, the animals, people, and plants in the area. Anything and everything you can think about they talk to you about. It's a bit more pricey than the other tours, but it is defiantly worth the money!
4	The Pink Jeep Tour Bus showed up at our hotel around 7:00 am. We hopped on and picked up a few others from neighboring hotels.  Our tour guide was from Germany and very knowledgeable about his tours.  His name is Juergen and believe me when i say you will definitely get your moneys worth because he takes you places not many tour guides would take out.  if you have a camera, he is also extremely camera friendly willing to take pictures of you everywhere with the scenery.Our first stop was the Hoover Dam.  That was super cool.  They are building a new bridge that should be finished sometime soon as an overpass over the dam.  Next stop was Lake Meade which was right around the corner from the Hoover Dam.  It was pretty cool.  I was not prepared to leave Lake Meade because I honestly could have turned around at that point and headed back towards Las Vegas.  We drove to the Grand Canyon which seemed like a miserably long drive because the scenery on the way there was so ugly.  We made it to the Grand Canyon and it was pretty cool.  Now, I can say I have seen one of the natural world wonders.  When we arrived back at the hotel it was around 7:30 pm.  Are you kidding me? Twelve and a half hours on a tour?  I was grouchy and ready to do something else.  I think if you did a helicopter tour it would only take a couple of hours and then you can do other stuff.  Our tour guide was really great but I get antsy on tours so I guess thats why when I do go on a tour I don't stay on it for 12 and 1/2 hours.  Who needs a cocktail after that?  I know I do, I'll be at the bar.Cheers and Enjoy!
5	Do the Drive Fly & Float tour! I asked about tours at the Venetian's concierge desk and they recommended this one - worth every cent!Our tour guide was Shanin and he knows his stuff, and the most important part of driving a tour - take the scenic route! We saw the Hoover Dam, a herd of bighorn sheep, a family of wild horses, a Joshua tree forest, and then we pulled in at the Grand Canyon - wow! They let us out and ushered us onto a Sundance helicopter ride down into the canyon, where we stepped out and got on a pontoon called The Party Barge. Our captain took us for a fine float down the river, splashing us with the riverwater and pointing out wildlife and Conquistador graffiti, until we rounded a bend and found our helicopter waiting for us. Great job to the Sundance pilots, too; it was a smooth, gorgeous ride both incoming and outgoing.We drove out to see Eagle Point and gaze out over the canyon - plenty of time to wait in line for the Skywalk, or to just relax and take in the view. (We did the latter and I'm glad for it!) Then we tripped out to lunch at a small tourist-ranch on the Hualapai reservation, where we got barbecue ribs (my favorite!), cornbread, and veggies for a hearty lunch coupled with live music. We re-boarded the Jeep and Shanin took us for a little off-roading to see the totally breathtaking Quartermaster Point. There are no words for the view out there. :)Shanin knew everything there is to know about the local views, the rock formations and wildlife, the small towns and the history of the place. The Jeep was comfortable, and the cooler full of ice water and the frequent "comfort stops" at funky homegrown roadside stops made the 13-hour tour of the desert fly by. The running tour commentary continued as we pulled back onto the Strip, too!
4	We did the Eldorado Gold Mine tour, which was recommended by the concierge at the Wyndam Grand Desert.  What a great trip!The Pink Jeep showed up on time and we ended being the only 2 people on the tour.  What I found surprising is that they didn't cancel it due to lack of participation.Our tour guide (Dave) was wonderful.  He took us all around  the area surrounding the Eldorado Gold Mine and then went with us on the tour.  After the formal tour, he took us down to the Colorado River and took pictures of us. After using Pink Jeep and then another tour company for our trip to the Grand Canyon (see my review of Las Vegas Grand Canyon Tours), I would highly recommend Pink Jeep.  I wish we had used them for our Grand Canyon trip as well!
3	The tour was ok, but it was advertised as a 10-11 hour tour to the West Rim of the Grand Canyon with the optional Skywalk.  From pick up at the hotel to drop off, it was less than 9 hours.  I think the guide skimped on the tour.  We stopped off in a little town for a restroom break, then the rest  of the time was at the west rim with just a 10 minute stop at Hoover Dam.  The lunch was pretty good and the bus driver at the Indian reservation was more entertaining than our guide.   The guide only offered to take 1 picture of the family when we got to the Skywalk, then really the rest we were on our own.  Sounds like from the other reviews, each tour guide is different and we just got one who wasn't too interested in taking us around.  They advertised some special place that only Pink Jeep Tours can go to, but I don't think he took us anywhere special because the tourists were from all tour groups.  The kids enjoyed seeing the Grand Canyon though.  Definitely not worth the price we paid.
4	Interesting dessert tour in the pink Sherman tank style jeep things.  Well built. And very nice driver.  The drive was bumpy and it threw us around. But that was part of the deal we signed on to.  Just be ready for a rough and tumble drive.  My wife was not thrilled, and there were some very uncomfortable moments, but worth it in the end, if you like being outside in 100 degree weather - and we do.We took the tour of the dessert, the trip to Hoover dam was too long for our plans.  But the dessert was beautiful and the woman driving was very knowledgeable.
5	We booked with Pink Jeep at the recommendation of our hotel (MGM Signature) prior to our arrival in Vegas. We opted for the West Rim Grand Canyon tour which includes seeing hoover dam, lake mead, joshua tree national park and the Hualapai Indian Reserve.I was dubious about booking both a driving trip and also one that would confine me with a group of strangers for the day. However the whole experience was great from start to finish, our driver/guide Scott made the trip with his extensive knowledge of the areas we visited.We were picked up from our hotel around 6:30am, and made a couple more stops along the strip for the remaining passengers (the tour takes 10 people in total). We were then on our way, there was ice water provided on board  to ensure we all remained hydrated in the sun. We also had plenty of comfort breaks along the way at the places were quirky but always nice and clean. In addition to this our guide also ensured anyone that wanted pictures taking he was happy to assist, this makes a nice change to our usual holiday pics where only one of us is usually in the shot.I would recommend anyone visiting vegas that can spare a full day out to take a pink jeep tour, they are good value for money and provide you with a unique view of the the canyon and surrounding areas.
3	Had the Hoover Dam tour.  The tour of inside the facility were done by the local guides who are not affiliated with Pink Jeep.  We basically got dropped off with the new guides, picked up when we were done, and walked around on the outside of the Dam.Pros: Friendly tour guide - accommodating, eager to answer questionsCons: Uncomfortable suspension on the car; at $86 per person, it lacked some value, especially since most of the tour was done by the local guides ($30 per person and $7 parking if you go there yourself), got separated from the group because the guide wasn't part of the inside tour to help keep everyone together.
4	Took the tour to Grand Canyon.Shannon, was a terrific tour guide who wasn't talky and annoying as these people can be, but rather very knowledgeable of both Vegas history and the Grand Canyon.Stopped at a few gift shops along the way, but that's to be expected and he kept the group moving rather than encouraging purchases.My only complaint, they indicate that their van accommodates 10 people.  That's true, but one person sits in the front passenger seat which is not nearly as nice as the lounges in the back.  Not a big deal, but cost them a star.
5	We just did a tour of the  south rim ,Grand Canyon. Bobby was a great guide with iinteresting insights. I will book Pink Jeep Tours again.
4	An incredible experience, we took the grand canyon tour drive fly & float it was hilarious!! The only part I didnt like was the float part, the trip was really short, they drove us like 100 yds and let the river took us down.. But the other things were amazing!! The guide was the best I have ever had!!
5	We booked the combo tour of the Hoover Dam & Grand Canyon West Rim - what an AWESOME day!  Our tour guide was Ken and he was by far the best tour guide I've ever seen - a fun guy that loved sharing his knowledge of the area and made the day so much more enjoyable!  At the Grand Canyon, he gave us free range of the area to be left alone, but stayed close enough to call us over to a few really great spots so he could take our picture (which was AWESOME) and give us some cool information of the area.  He also gave our group "insider knowledge" on where to sit to get the best views on the bus, which areas of the Canyon are a "must-see", when and where to shop for gifts, and the best locations to be during the Hoover Dam tour....he was just plain awesome!  The Pink Jeeps (actually a Dodge, lol) sits 10, including the driver - I was very happy to see it was a small group tour rather than a ton of people.  The seats were super comfy, and Ken was a great driver (I sometimes get motion sick if I can't see where I'm going, but I didn't feel sick even once - even during the gravel roads of the Grand Canyon).  The tour estimate was 10-11 hours, but Ken got us back in 10 without us feeling super rushed.  They provided TONS of water (YAY), and muffins and juice for the morning.  They also called my hotel the day before the tour just to verify where we should meet the driver, what time, and gave us a phone number incase there were any problems.  DEFINITELY RECOMMENDED BY US - 5 STARS!
4	We had been recommended Pink Jeep from some friends of ours and we're really thankful they did!The trip was well organised with them picking us up from the hotel and then heading out to the Canyon. Our driver gave us some great commentary on the way out and had the perfect balance of not talking the whole time but still being really informative.We stopped at a few spots on the way out including Hoover Dam and a small store for a rest stop which made the trip out there feel even more authentic going into an actual country store.We didn't realise when we got there that we would all be going onto buses afterwards but the guide was really good at making sure we all had the freedom of looking around each lookout and then still grouping back together at the end.Thanks for making it an easy and great trip!
4	Pretty fun..... I went with a couple friends that were visiting vegas. The tour guide was really funny and knowledgeable. It was very organized. There are a few stops. We went to the hoover damn which was nice. Its a good family experience if you want something to do during the day. Not very expensive either.
5	The Red Rock Canyon tour was definitely  the highlight of our Las Vegas trip. Curt our tour guide was incredibly knowledgeable about the canyon and a great guide with lots of stories about his outdoor experiences. Ask him about his first (and last) time sleeping outdoors "cowboy style". We went in February. Be sure to bring a jacket, gloves and hat during this time of the year because it's cold and windy in the Canyon!FYI, we booked this Pink Jeep Tour  through http://www.alllasvegastours.com/
5	WOW, wish I had known about you sooner !  I took the Hoover Dam / Grand Canyon tour (places I have been to before on my own). Tommy was our fabulous guide. He's kind, patient, informative, prompt & thoughtful. He pointed out many things I would have completely missed. It was like spending the day with a favorite Uncle; going on an adventure, sharing in his enthusiasm about the wonderful sites we visited & the road along the way. What a treat to travel in the Pink Jeep, it's comfortable, has big windows & there's plenty of room to relax. Really awesome to sit back & enjoy the trip, rather than being the driver; what a difference it makes to be allowed to ride, take in the sights, snooze, and not worry about maps, schedules or anything but enjoying yourself. It was nice that we had a small group; we got to visit, share travel stories & take turns being photographer. Our meals were wonderful, plenty of yummy food for a day of touring. Oh; Hoover Dam & the Grand Canyon were great too. Can't wait to travel with you again :) Thanks SO much !
4	My husband and I always wanted to see the Hoover Dam, having visited Las Vegas numerous times.  Finally, we were given a phone number for Pink Jeep tours. We took this tour from Mandalay Bay.  Our tour guide was fantastic, Chris Meyer. He was funny and filled with information about the Hoover Dam and Lake Mead, as well as the strip and Las Vegas. One did not get bored.  The Pink Jeep was quite comfortabl, too!  Shared our tour with really nice people from various states, 10 in all.  Took about 5 hours in total.  Took some great pictures.   Will always remember.
5	Awesome tour company.  Guide was great! Went out of his way to make the tour even better.  Picked us up at MGM West End Lobby, picked up a few more passengers at two more hotels and we were on our way.  They had tons of water and snacks. Ride was comfortable and informative. Would totally use them again. We did the extended Hoover Dam tour and would highly recommend the upgrade.
5	Pink Jeep did not disappoint us! We were picked up from our hotel right on time. (Mandalay Bay) . Provided us breakfast and lunch and lots of water to keep us hydrated the entire trip. Tami was great ! Very knowledgeable and gave us plenty of time to take pictures and explore the Canyon. Did not have to worry about bathroom 'coz they give you time in every stop.  Will definitely try another tour with them. Highly recommended !!!
5	Our Pink Jeep tour of the Hoover Dam was just amazing.  Our tour guide Randy was exceptional and very knowledgeable in pointing out all of the interesting and historical spots along the way.  Randy even took a slight detour to show our group an area of big horn sheep coming down a mountain and into a residential park area which was fantastic.  Our group took a short boat ride on the river below the Hoover Dam that provided us with a different perspective and knowledge of the Dam that not everyone is able to experience.  The tour of the Hoover Dam was great and provided us with the History and construction of the Dam that was unbelievable.  We would highly recommend the Hoover Dam tour with the Pink Jeep Tours to anyone and if you are fortunate to have Randy as a guide it is just icing on the cake.
4	We had a great time on Pink Jeep's Hoover Dam tour on Tuesday.The vehicle was clean. The driver arrived right on time.Chris, our driver, was extremely friendly and helpful.Thanks to Pink Jeep Tours for a memorable experience!
4	This review is for the Hoover Dam tour. First I would like to start off saying that Bob, our tour guide/driver was knowledgeable and excellent at his job. In fact, he called 15 minutes before pick-up to let me know he was still waiting on someone at another hotel and may be a few minutes late. I appreciated that. The issue I had was that Pink Jeep schedules all the pick-up times at the same time resulting in delays. If the pick-ups were scheduled in a staggered fashion the final pick-up would not be delayed thus shrinking the amount of time permitted for the actual tour.I also think that the amount of time allotted for the tour was not enough because we rushed directly to the dam tour and made it out just in time to take a few pictures. We did not get to go to the exhibits or walk the top of the dam before we were required to meet back up. This issue could be resolved by not requiring the drivers to gather up each member of the group for a huddle prior to going on the dam tour. This took an extra 30 minutes that we could have already been down on the tour. I noticed that all the other Pink Jeep tours were doing the same thing so it appears to be a company policy. The pink Jeep is really a pink Dodge but it is one heck of a truck. As a truck guy I read the little pamphlet in the vehicle about the engine, design, capabilities and thought "Cool...I wonder how well it would do in the mud.". Ok, so enough about the truck. The tour was fascinating. Bob drove us through old Boulder City explaining the history of the dam and Boulder city. He got us to the damn, brought us to a place to take pictures then back to the reception center where we were escorted to the secure area where our dam tour began. He gave us a time to meet him back at the meetup point and we were off. The dam tour provided by the Bureau of Reclamation was very short and hurried but informative and interesting. We were then able to walk on the dam and observation deck taking as many dam pictures as we liked though with such a limited amount of time we were indeed limited. Soon after that we were whisked away back to our hotels. The whole experience was great and interesting. We were able to get some good pictures. I think Bob knew more about the dam than the Bureau folks. Would have liked a little more time but it was good none-the-less.Great job Bob and Pink Jeep. We enjoyed our trip.
4	Our concierge booked this tour to the hoover dam for us. The driver was prompt and friendly and introduced all the other guests..10 of us in total. Only made 3 stops to collect everyone. Glad we were on this tour BC our guide was very knowledgeable, other random tourists stopped to listen to him! Free bottled water and he had the van ready for us when it was time to leave. Big buses couldn't park as close. Left hotel around 8, returned by 12. Would recommend!!
5	Just got back from the Pink Jeep tour to the Hoover Dam with the upgrade.  The tour was awesome, Jeanne our guide was friendly, super knowledgeable and packed us snacks, water and really took great care of us!  We got to see a lot, take a pontoon boat in the river and see the Bridge! I would recommend doing this for sure! It was excellent and well worth it!!!
5	Just got done doing this. Our tour guide was Jerry. He was incredibly informative. This is the best way to do the hoover dam. I have been before and learned so many new things this time around. Definitely use these guys!
4	We took the south rim Grand Canyon tour. The bus is smaller and more intimate than most other tour companies, the driver and guide was fantastic and knowledgeable.It started with pick-up at our hotel, we were provided a light breakfast when we boarded which included a juice and pastry. We picked up one other passenger and were off. Because there was only 3 people on the tour she let us stop at the welcome to las vegas sign to take pictures. The drive was long, but the scenery made it go by quickly. When we got to the canyon she parked the jeep and we grabbed our lunches at the first point. Lunches provided were a sub style sandwich, chips, cookies, soft drink, cheese and crackers and carrot sticks, it was huge none of us actually finished it then so we all had snacks on the drive back. They also provide bottled water all day. After lunch we got to enjoy a beautiful hike along the south rim to various other look out points, then back to the bus for a trek to Bright Angel lodge, where we got to explore the many shops and other lookout points. We hiked a bit into the canyon at bright angel. Overall the whole trip was great, the guide was great, and I would definitely use pink jeep for future tours.
5	I was in Las Vegas over the past weekend for business. I had a free day, and I took the half-day tour to the Hoover Dam.  I'm not sure why the other reviews are suggesting a delay at being picked up. I was waiting 15 minute early outside my hotel as they told us to, driver/guide was early, and we picked up a few more people! Our guide, Debbie, was animated the entire ride. She gave us a in-depth history of the Hoover Dam on the way there. Once there, she gave us a tour above the dam: history on the new bridge, monuments, spillover, drove us to the Arizona side, you name it! She also escorted us to the National Park Service part of the tour that included the video and to see the generators. It was a packed four hour tour, but it was well worth it! One of the best day trip companies I have ever used!Plenty of water was provided throughout the entire journey to stay hydrated.
5	We booked the Pink Jeep tour to see the Hoover Dam. Jurgen was entertaining, informative and knowledgeable. We learned more from him than we did from the tour guide at the Dam. The van was super comfortable, both the seats and the air conditioning- which is important when it's 108 degrees outside. It also had large windows so it was easy to see. Germany happened to win a World Cup game on the ride back, which made the trip all the more fun. Great experience!
5	The Hoover Dam half day tour is a great way to spend time during the day and still have enough time and energy for the night attractions.This tour is highly recommended!
5	Small tours are always better in any situation. I went out on the pink jeep south rim tour and the death valley tour with pink jeep this year. They are very professional and the tours are very personal. The pink jeep is basically a customer truck with a shell painted pink. You enter from the back of the truck and all of the chairs are bucket leather seats. Very comfortable and no more than 10 persons per tour. The south rim of the grand canyon is great and good for a person that doesn't want to walk a great deal to enjoy the view. The Death Valley tour is simply great. Too many great things to mention and I enjoyed that very much. Death Valley is very underrated compared to the grand canyon. I've gone on the valley of fire tour which is also very interesting and a much shorter tour. Good if you don't want to spend more than 6 hours away from las vegas. All pink jeep tours are very good and worth the expense.
5	Pink Jeep Tours is nearly perfect.As a New Yorker, I am always suspicious of tours and weary of travel-related scams in general, so my radar was up when I started searching for a tour in the Vegas area.  However, thanks to Yelp, I found Pink Jeep Tours (as you can see, they have very good ratings).I was in Vegas for a week in early June 2014 for a business trip.  I had one whole day at the end for serious sightseeing.  I was hesitant to sign up for a Grand Canyon tour because it is so long (8-9 hours for West Rim Classic tour, 10-11 hours for the combo westrim+Hoover Dam, and 12 hours for the South Rim!).  However, I didn't know when I'd be able to get back to the area and I had never seen the Canyon before.  I kind of wanted to see both the Dam and the Canyon, but I finally decided on the West Rim Classic tour because I did not want to spend a whole day out.  Turns out, I got to see a little of the Dam anyway, which was a nice bonus!The Pink Jeep (actually it's a heavy duty Dodge pickup with a custom-built cabin that has 9 comfy seats in it) picks you up from your hotel rather early in the morning (around 6AM).  The great thing about Pink Jeep is they are so distinctive, you will not have trouble spotting them.  One issue I had though was that I went out to the parking lot and tried to chase down a Pink Jeep that I saw leaving; turns out that one was for another tour, and mine was just around the corner.  The truck has a large door and fold-down steps at the rear.  The inside has three rows of seats;  two seats on the left side and one on the right.  I took a seat on the right because I was alone; three couples ended up sitting on the left side.  There is also a passenger seat at the front of the truck, so I guess they can accommodate 10 customers, plus the driver.  In fact, I think the front passenger seat might even have a slightly better view than the normal seats in the cabin.  This is because the cabin is raised up higher, and while you have a big window next to you, you can't see out the front window too well. I was aware that the tour provided lunch, but I didn't know they also provided a small breakfast.  At each seat was a bag with an orange juice, cheese danish, and a napkin.  Also, the driver had two coolers of ice cold (and some room temperature if cold water disagrees with you) water bottles that he continually passed out throughout the trip if you wanted them. I also noticed (at least in the first row of seats behind the driver) there is a 12VDC cigarette lighter power outlet, so if you have a car charger for your phone or camera, you should be able to recharge it in the truck. If you are one of the first to be picked up, you will have to wait as the driver goes around to the other hotels and picks up the other guests; they decide this ahead of time, based on the quickest path through the city. I was concerned about the length of the drive from Vegas to the Canyon, but it actually went quite fast.  The stops were timed well and broke up the trip nicely so it would not be monotonous.As I said, I had wanted to see the Hoover Dam; it's actually rather close to Vegas, and we drove right through that area, which was a nice surprise, because I didn't think I would get a chance to see it at all.  The combo tour goes inside the dam and looks at the internal structure, which is neat, but I didn't have the time.  We got good views of the dam and lake Mead, and we even stopped for some pictures!The next two stops were nowhere really special; a gas station and a convenience store, but it was an opportunity to use the bathroom or pick up a souvenir.  We kept to a tight schedule so there was no lounging around, but enough time to stretch your legs and buy something.Another thing that made the trip go quickly was the tour guide had lots of things to say about the area and it's local flora and fauna. When you get on the truck, you wonder why there's a need for such a huge off-road vehicle with big wheels and big suspension.   Well, I don't know how often this happens, but there were 2 large sections of the main road that were detoured due to construction.  The detour was over a dirt/gravel road that was very rough.  I saw other tourists in rental cars who were having a tough time of it, but we were perfectly safe in the big pink 'jeep'. See my review here for the canyon itself: http://www.yelp.com/biz/grand-canyon-west-rim-las-vegasThe ride on the way back to Vegas is much quieter, our tour guide told us that some people sleep on the way back.  There were still rest stops, and you get to see the Dam and Lake Mead again.  In fact, we stopped at a rest stop that had a really nice view of the lake. After being dropped at the hotel, some people tipped the driver and some did not. I am not sure what the etiquette is on that. Next time I am in the area I would not hesitate to take a Pink Jeep Tour, maybe the Hoover Dam or South Rim (just to try something new)!
4	The Pink Jeep Tour of the Hoover Dam was convenient and entertaining way to get from the Strip to the Dam.  Our driver/guide was courteous and cooperative.  He was entertaining as well as informative.  Great way to check out some scenery, some history, and enjoy another aspect of Las Vegas.
5	I had the pleasure of using Pink Jeep Tours on Fri Oct 24, 2014 to the Grand Canyon West Rim and I have to say I had an AWESOME time. The folks in the office and my driver Tom Shay were courteous and very professional in every way. Tom's knowledge of each place we stopped at was great. He pointed out objects I would have never known or seen in the Canyon and was very watchful of all of us on the tour. The little touches like a pink bag with breakfast was so nice. This is a great company to use and I highly recommend them. THANK YOU Pink Jeep Tours
5	We took a tour of the Valley of Fire with guide Jerry S. Jerry treated each and every one of us to a personal, informative, and entertaining drive through the Valley of Fire. His imaginative views of the rock structures (and his awesome hair) reminded me of Bob Ross (sans the happy little trees). We made several stops along the trip which presented me with tons of opportunities to take photos and explore the rocky regions. I highly recommend the Pink Jeep Tours, especially if you can get Jerry!
5	Pink Jeep Tours are the best.  We took the Red Rock Canyon Classic tour and had a wonderful time.  Our guide Tommy was very knowledgeable and we had a very good time.  I would highly recommend Pink Jeep Tours.
5	Don Ritchie is an amazing tour guide. So knowledgeable of the area, wildlife, plants and other creatures. Couldn't have asked for a better trip!  Thanks Don!!!
5	Did the Valley of Fire Tour back in March and then the Grand Canyon South Rim Tour in November.The price for the tours are a little bit more expensive than other companies out there but the experience with pink jeep is awesome.Tour guides were friendly and knowledgeable. The ride was extremely comfortable. Food provided was pretty good. There were lots of cold water provided. Would definitely look forward to doing another tour with them.
5	Excellent! I can't say enough about this tour company.  Booked a west rim tour for the Grand Canyon, Tony was our tour guide, and what's nice, knowledgable, friendly man.  Had so much information about the drive out, and what we were seeing, stopped to the Hoover dam, and had excellent information about it along the way. While at the Grand Canyon, he totally looked out for our group, keeping us informed, and together for each stop along the way.  He took pictures for us, and guided us to the best views.  Was honest about what to expect, just a first rate guy.  Cost us $250 each, and that included picking us up at our hotel, trip out, admission to the area, Danish, and orange juice for the ride out, lunch at the canyon, and dropping us back to our hotel.  Totally worth the money.  Please remember that the cost doesn't include a tip, hubs and I tipped Tony $50. I don't know if everyone in our party tipped, but the tour recommends a gratuity.
5	The wifey had never seen the Grand Canyons and since it was on her bucket list of things to do I went along.Due to my physical limitations I was very hesitant to take a drive but after doing our research and calling up the PJT's we went with them even thought they were more expensive than the rest of the tours.The custom modified jeeps were very comfortable with very soft and cushiony seats that reclined (9 to a cabin) and the trip was very comfortable with frequent stops and no leg longer than 1 1/2 hour.We got to the Canyon and got a lot of pictures and because I could not walk too much I must say our guide Debbie was amazing as she always placed me at the best points of view and when the group went on a hike after lunch I stayed behind and soaked up the scenery and it was breathtaking! I think this was a great trip and all Kudos go to our guide Debbie for without her vast knowledge of the area and her caring attitude it would not have been as much fun! She made our day!
5	Suzanne was a great tour guide, friendly and knowledgeable. It was literally freezing in Red Rock Canyon when we did the tour (it snowed) and it was still enjoyable thanks to Suzanne.The only thing I would say is it is very possible to do Red Rock Canyon without a tour if you are coming in to Vegas with a car like we were. However if you want a guide and a comfortable all-terrain vehicle, this is the way to go.
