2	The Olive Garden is definitely just chain formulaic dining but when you live close to a place and need a lazy dinner, this place is ok.  Honestly though this location in particular does not use as much garlic on the breadsticks or dressing on the salad which leads to a rather flavorless start to the meal.  The reason for this (I think) is due to all the old people here near this location that come from the retirement communities of Sun City West and Sun City Grand.  These old farts complain whenever food has taste...so this Olive Garden has made it less than great. That being said, this place is still busy all the time so expect a wait at nearly any time of day.  The service is just ok, and the food is just ok.
4	Wow, I was a jerk in my last review or this place has soooooo improved!  Maybe a little of both right?  Anyways,  food is tasty and seasoned well and service has been really good as of last few times we have eaten here.
5	The Olive Garden has always been one of my favorite restaurants. I've been here a few times and was pleased with the friendliness of the waiters/waitresses and the food is delicious.
5	I love the Olive Garden!  For a chain Italian restaurant, they have great food.  I have never had bad service there either, and go at least 3 times a month.  One thing is for sure, Olive Garden goes to the limit to make their customers happy.  You can't get any better than that!
4	Good service, good food!  Ordered the new pork scallopini with asiago-filled tortollini and portobello mushrooms.  Very delicious and lots of food.  Server Joshua was attentive but not intrusive.  Salad and breadsticks were great as usual.  I give it a 4 instead of 5 because they still don't have enough room for folks to sit and wait - and there is always a wait. This estaurant serves many retired folks as well as young families. They need to rearrange so there are more options than standing during the wait.  (the few chairs they have are always full).
4	Salad & Bread sticks & Soup! Oh my! There are many a good chain restaurants & in my opinion this is one of the better ones. Light, casual atmosphere, good service & the food is not bad at all!My favorite order is Zuppa Toscana, salad, marinara for the bread sticks, peach Bellini iced tea & a slice of lemon cake :DThis meal does make me a happy, happy camper!
4	Food is very good, service is also good. Problem is that my favorite food is not very healthy! And OG's food is very fattening! But that's my problem! For a restaurant chain this place is one of the best.
2	If they aren't interested in serving you dinner in the bar (because of lack of help?) they just don't clear the tables in the bar area. We put our name back on the list for main dining room and told them why...THEN they hustled to clear it. Our waiter was overworked but he did a great job. Food was fine but I've had better there other times.
3	Visited this location last night and I'm surprised to see I haven't reviewed them before as this is our neighborhood Olive Garden and we've been here many times. The only complaint I have about this location is that because it's so close to Sun City, the restaurant under-seasons the breadsticks. I love OG breadsticks. They are buttery, garlicky, and always served hot and fresh....except at this location. For whatever reason and again, I assume it's because of the Sun City-ers, this location doesn't put nearly the garlic butter on top of the breadsticks. They are pretty bland and we haven't had them served hot in I can't tell you how long. Breadsticks are a major part of the meal at OG so for me, this is a drawback and takes a star away. Other than that....it's your basic OG. Food is the same as it is at every other OG across the country. Service is pretty much the same as every other OG. The manager, Lynn, is VERY kind and generous to the community and has always donated to our PTSA. I have mentioned the breadstick issue to her many times and she always thanks me for the feedback but the breadsticks never change...always bland.So what would be a 4 star rating has to be a 3 because breadsticks are such a major factor in the meal at OG. This location is good though if you are willing to look past that and enjoy a basic OG meal.
2	We've lived in the El Mirage area for almost 8 years and eaten in at Olive Garden in Surprise numerous times.  The food is very good and the service is quite attentive.  The prices are not cheap so it is nice the service is good.  We have ordered food "to go" approximately four times.  The service does not translate when ordering "to go".  We have been met with sharp, curt employees at the "to go" window.  Our 3rd order out should have been our last.  Our dinner was bagged in front of us with the bag placed on the floor.  I was astonished and asked the service to please place the bag on the counter rather than the floor.  The service was quite rude and couldn't believe we were making such a ridiculous request.  Not only do I not want my food bagged on the floor, but eventually that bag will make it to my diningroom table (as opposed to the floor).  Now all the germs from their floor will be on my diningroom table.  After many months, we returned tonight to order "to go" for my daughter's birthday.  Olive Garden was her birthday request.  I was astounded to watch the manager bag our dinner with the bag on the floor.  I again said, "Could you please put the bag on the counter rather than the floor?"  The manager, Ms. Anderson complied, but obviously bagging on the floor was common place.  She didn't seem to see the problem with placing food items in a bag while on the floor.  I cannot imagine this is health code.  After spending $50 on dinner for 3, I think we will find either a new Italian restaurant or at least a new Olive Garden. Food is good and pricey, but just eat in and don't take it "to go".
4	I have to add an addendum to my review of 2/27/12.  After posting to Yelp.com, I also took my concerns to Olive Garden corporate.  I emailed my experience and concerns.  Within 48 hours I received a personalized email response as well as a phone call from corporate.  They were very understanding and validated my concerns.  5 hours after the call from corporate, I received a personal call from the manager of the Surprise Olive Garden apologizing for the situation.  I have to say, the quick response and feeling that my concerns were taken seriously makes me re-evaluate the restaurant and chain as a whole.  I really believe they will strive to make their "to go" experience better.I definitely recommend the restaurant and giving their 'to go" a chance.  Their food is good and I do believe that their food handling will improve  after this correspondence.
4	Olive garden never disappoints.  It's affordable food not too far from home.  I had the Chianti braised short rib with risotto.  I love this dish and for $16 you really can't go wrong.  My husband had the stuffed chicken marsala.  He cleaned his plate so he obviously liked it.  We ate in the bar area since there is no wait there.  Service was great.  FYI-most of their dishes can be found on their website.
4	This is one of my favorite local eats and I love the all you can eat pasta when they have that promotion. I try not to eat too many breadsticks because they really fill me up. The salad is always tasty too. Service here has always been really good and I plan on coming back.
3	It has been about a year since my last visit to this particular OG location. It just doesn't fit in with my lifestyle change and if I can't eat the ravioli portobello, what's the point? But I came here recently with a friend for Soup-Salad-Breadsticks for lunch. I skipped the breadsticks because I can't really have them but the soup and salad were the way they always are. I had the minestrone and the low fat dressing on the side so I can control the calories. Unfortunately, my friend couldn't say the same. She had the grilled chicken caesar salad and asked specifically if the chicken had any breading on it or coating at all and asked for no croutons as she watches her gluten intake. She was told no breading or coating at all on the grilled chicken and no problem about no croutons. What comes out? A piece of breaded chicken with grill marks on it. Fortunately, we got no croutons. The other problem is that our server disappeared after serving us so it was quite a while before she could ask about getting her grilled chicken fixed. Naturally this comes with it's apologies and then a visit from the manager. When the new salad came out, not only was the chicken plainly grilled, but now there were no croutons, no parmesan cheese, and no dressing. :( If I wanted to have another bowl of soup, it wasn't going to be forthcoming. This was a disappointing visit because the manager, Lynn, is super nice and has been here forever. I think it was just a fluke with our server. Either way...a basic visit to have basic food that was less than basic service.
3	It's Olive Garden and it's in Surprise, so it's always busy. I've always had decent service and good tasting food. If I have my choice, I'm always going to choose a less chain place, but it's not bad in a pinch.
4	{Date of Visit: 9/7/12}Typical Olive Garden fare, but an amazing staff.  We were in the area after visiting the Wildlife World Zoo and Aquarium.  We were starving and this was close by.  The best customer service I have EVER received at an Olive Garden.  Shout out to Eric for the wonderful drink suggestion and great personality!  And kudos to you all for working so well together and giving our new waitress a helping hand!
3	My wife and I wen't out to dinner last, the wait was 45 minutes on a Saturday night. We sat out side as there was no waiting.....The host was way to talkie...He needs to stick to point and don't turn a simple Question in to a conversation... our app was wrong we ordered Mozz. and stuffed ravioli, they brought out the ravioli and calamari... I'm pretty sure the used   they used the same ravioli when they finally brought it out.... the ravioli  and the mozz. was not hot at all. The salad and bread sticks were really good, I had the pasta fagioli soup, and ordered the Penne di Mare, a pasta dish with shrimp and scallops.  They used baby shrimp for this dish, not a good choice. As for the scallops, they were barley the size of a dime. There were 2 scallops in the entire dish.. If your first 2 ingredients in a dish are shrimp and scallops, then it should be a dish based on those 2 items.  The soup and pasta were good, but it seamed everything on the menu was under seasoned. I would not have known this was olive garden, by the flavor of the food.  The service wasn't bad....but no one is known for their customer service anymore... Just another chain Restaurant, average food you pay for the name.
4	Directions are wrong it is next to Red Lobster at Bell and Grand
1	Please stop calling Olive garden a restaurant. It implies the food is edible. It is just horrendous. It tastes like a heaping helping of Corporate. just stop...NOW. What the hell is wrong with people who find Olive garden good....get a clue...Oh wait same people who think red lobster is good....
4	Extremely busy Friday night.We had reservations for a party of 10, but that didn't seem to matter very much.  After waiting for about 15-20 minutes passed our reservation, we were finally squeezed into two small tables.The manager was very apologetic and provided us with free appetizers.  The serving staff also accommodated us by providing a third table a few minutes after we sat down.Overall, the food wasn't inspiring, but it was adequate.  At this point, we all know what to expect when we go to Olive Garden.However, in this case, the staff and the management really stepped up their game.  We were continually bombarded by service and asked if we were doing well or if we needed anything.While the food may be mediocre, the people working here certainly are not.  In fact, they all deserve to be paid more for putting up with my crazy relatives.On another positive note, the triple chocolate whatever cake was awesome!
3	It's the Olive Garden, what can be said...
3	Located on grand and bell my phone showed dysart and bell! Again Grand and Bell!
4	My wife and I share an equal admiration for this place! I generally order the trio sampler which goes well with salad and bread sticks and my wife gets an order of mussels. This is our little get away from the kids on a Friday night secret! Great service even when they are busy!
5	Celebrating my daughters student of the month. Proud mommy.  Love the salad and bread sticks. Tatiana's favorite place to eat.
2	Went here just before 6pm on December 9th.  I only know that because it was where my daughter wanted to go for her birthday dinner.  We were sat within like 10 minutes and the host were friendly.  Our "server" was Melissa, and I only found out because I looked at her nametag.  She didn't do a proper greet, she took a while to deliver drinks, the only part of the welcome that she did right was offering a wine sample.  She didn't offer refills on soups, or drinks, had to wait to get the plates clears until we stacked them.  I saw her take a dirty plate from another table and put it on the tray while boxing a different table's food, and she lied about how something was made because the bowl was messy and she didn't want to take it back and get another that looked presentable.  They were also told that we were there for my kid's birthday and no acknowledgement or anything.  The assistant manager?  might have even been a service pro was the reason for 2 stars instead of 1.  She was nice and engaging when I told her what happened and seemed a bit mortified by some of the stuff I told her.  The manager seemed like a donkey (some words can't be said on yelp)  He was very dismissive and acted like I didn't know what I was talking about, and then I informed him that I was a server trainer at a different location.  Meal was comped, which I told them I would pay for it so I could get the survey.  Guess I will have to stick with either going to the locations I know or making the food at home myself.
1	OG has gone down! The service from our server Margaret was perfection. Great personality and too much personal info About her life but she was sweet. The food was unbearable! Calamari seemed uncooked and chewy. The chicken from the chicken Alfredo and chicken parmesan was mushy. Similar to frozen chicken that is thawed while cooking in a microwave. Salad had chunks of iceberg lettuce which is the poorest of the lettuce family. The sample of wine was delicious and the breadsticks were great.  Sorry Olive Garden (OG) but another one bites the dust. No longer on my list of restaurants to frequent. Andi
5	I love getting the soup and salad  the Zuppa Toscana is my favorite cheap light lunch I especially enjoy the dessert zeppoli those are my favorite also with the warm chocolate sauce at the side
4	Yes...I know. Olive Garden is Olive Garden. We all know that and yet we all still go to this commercialized restaurant. We have been frequenting this location since 2007 and last night we had the best experience we have ever had at this restaurant. It is always hit and miss. Sometimes the entree is on but the breadsticks are off or sometimes the drinks are good, the appetizer is bad and the service is awful. Well I will say....last night this Olive Garden redeemed themselves! We had no kids so we were excited to go out for a quiet dinner. We decided to go a bit later than usual to avoid the mad wait.      We were seated at 8:30 PM. We ordered a glass of red wine and a mudslide...both delicious! Off to a great start. Then came the always fabulous salad and breadsticks. They were both on tonight! Fresh and hot breadsticks and a super ice cold salad. Then came our entrees...cheese ravioli with a meat sauce and cheese ravioli in a white Alfredo sauce. Both right on and superb! Our server was Jessica and she was great as well! We know we can't always count on a great experience every time but we will definitely give this restaurant another shot in the near future.
5	I love Olive Garden. They are so good and polite and I love all the staff. Especially Jennifer. I love drinks and beer and pasta.
4	This location is busy. I was happy with the prompt service and good food. I have visited the other locations in the past 75th McDowell and Estrella parkway and McDowell and this location is by far the the friendliest. Next time I feel like soup and salad without ghetto or cold treatment I will definitely stop at this location.
5	Our waitress Jessica was fantastic! My buddy and I wanted to stop in for a quick drink/meal. We were promptly taken care of which made the atmosphere and experience more enjoyable!
4	old faithful.  had a craving for the soup and salad for dinner.  it wasn't busy but i sat myself in the bar area since i wanted to watch tv.  the bartender was friendly and attentive.  i had 2 different types of soup and i'm a fav of the pasta one.  the bill came out to $11 without any drink.
5	I was in this location today for lunch. I got awesome service and great food. I love the friendly staff here, they really make you feel welcome. I also like the fact that you can pay at the table with the tablet they have available at every table. It makes it easy to get in and out and you are not left waiting around for the server to bring you back your cash or card. This restaurant is always very clean and presentable. I enjoy eating at this location very much, it is consistent in every aspect. I will be returning! Thanks for the great service!
4	Greet me when i walk in.  I've been there twice recently and both times my greetings were lackluster.  My server at this past visit seemed very preoccupied and our table piled up with our old dirty dishes.The server from my previous visit was very new at his job but his heart was in it and he used great common sense.  I loved him, just wish I could remember his name... older gentleman... possibly Mike.Anyway, the restaurant is always pretty clean but this time I had dried food on my fork.  yuck!  The food was good,  The calamari was great as always... never a let down there.  The fried asparagus was a great idea but not executed as well as it could have been.  I really enjoyed the Zuppa Toscano (sp?)  The salad needed more olives but other than that I was please and will return to this location in the future.  Btw the manager check on our table both time I visited recently.  I like that, I feel like they actually care about my experience when they do that.
1	I'll try to keep it short.. This 1 star is for service tonight. Greeted when we walked in. Given menus and told to go seat ourselves "over there" that seemed unusual, but okay. Took about 7 minutes for our server to greet us after he had already been chatting with the table seated behind us for far too long. Someone else gets our drink order then he comes over and asks if were ready to order we say not yet.. And in a second he disappears. Doesn't introduce himself, also don't ask if we have questions. Comes back and takes our order. I'm very annoyed after ordering but I think maybe he's just really busy. After so long of our drinks not being refilled I notice him chatting at the bar with other coworkers. At the end of our meal he was telling us how they were so slow tonight.. And I just kept thinking, how could we of gotten this poor service if you had nothing to do. Being a server myself, his nonchalant attitude at the end was very unprofessional. Don't know his name but he was working the bar side of the restaurant. Food was great, but pretty unpleasant experience tonight.
