4	This Subway is a great location as the staff is super friendly and their bread is nice and fresh baked!They have the deal going for a $2.00 6 inch meatball marinara or cold cut combo sub so we got two foot long cold cut combos!Yum the toppings were fresh and generous and the bread which I tried was the parmesan cheddar bread and it was delicious!What a deal it only cost us $15 bucks for two foot long subs, two large drinks, two packs of chips and 3 fresh chocolate chip cookies!We will be back to this Subway location again for sure because it was a nice treat and they are above average compared to some of the other Subway stores around town!
5	Eat Fresh mo'fo's! Good sammies, fresh ingredients and on the cheap, plus the employees are all nice at this location.
5	The best service and I always came in everyday sometimes twice a day for the best foot long sandwiches ever had in my life until I came to St Louis and it's great service and in OK location... Make sure to bring your cup back so its cheaper on a soda refill
5	I love this subway location for one it's close to my house so it like a 10 minute to 15 minute walk from my house.Two the staff is super friendly from the moment you walk in they greet you and talk to you. And finally the ingredients are fresh and cheap and they have my favorite the peanut butter cookies and the chocolate chip cookies which are really good and fresh and they always have good deals going on.
5	Gonna keep this one short and simple. Everyone knows how Subway works.But I LOVE this location because.....1. It's 24 hours.2. Service has always been great here. They're not rude and always greet and acknowledge their customers whenever someone walks in the door. Even if they're busy.3. SOUPS!!!!! THIS LOCATION HAVE SOUP!!!!! I've tried both their chicken noodle and broccoli cheddar soup and they're delicious!!! Perfect for those sick days or cold chilly days. (I've been to at least 2 other Subways around the area and other locations do not have soup. What's up with that yo!?)
5	After a horrible experience at another location of subway down street!  I was still craving subway.so went into this location...food was fresh! Thank u (Rodney) very polite.and can my a killer  tuna footlong! Nomnomnom!
1	I don't know what the other reviews are talking about! We all know how subway is and how it works. Most subways now are 24 hours, and the food quality is consistent through most. What I'm complaining about is the serious lack of customer service, and the fact that they are stingy with their toppings.
2	We decided to have subway for dinner...we were in the area and felt that this subway was the better of locations and choices. As we quickly realized was the exact opposite...here is my review...in the pictures is two I have uploaded showing my concern...The first thing I noticed was a gentleman spraying down the walk way infront of the store...I won't express the lack of education this is during busy..hot hours. If u look closely at the pictures u will notice he has no yellow wet floor signs out...very dumb..so he is spraying the water and it hits my car...FAIL! Now I usually wouldn't bark about this but my sister in law is pregnant and all we need is for her to fall due to this. Once was walked into the restaurant, the dang water hose was laying in the ground were customers could easily step on it and trip...this is also pictured. Now ur saying well where should it go it's a hose...no one as there warning us of the hose or a hazard sign wasn't up...very serious...if someone trips and falls and the restaurant knows of the failure...my yelp is about lack of proper hazard awareness!
5	The man who helped us was working around 12am Thursday morning. Don't remember his name but he was nice and quick to take our orders! Food, awesome like always. Music is playing to keep the mid-night vibes going and it was nice and chili in there so you can escape the vegas heat! 24hr must I mention!!
2	I come here quite often because it is 24 hours. And too the man who said most are, no you're wrong. Anyhow. The night guy is super awesome, helpful, and nice. I'm here now on a Saturday at 4pm. After leaving another subway because they only make cookies once a day and i wanted chocolate chip delicious morsels with my sandwhich, i drove here. (Knowing if they dont have cookies theyll make them). I come in and no one says anything, no acknowledgement, no hello, no "be right with you"I stand waiting (they were filling a big order. Probably a catering im assuming. Still no one said a word. Two other ladies walked in... SilentI asked if they could make some more chocolate chips and he said no we cant. (Theyre 24 hours and have to make them) The chick said. Yeah give me 10 minutes. Finally the young guy asked what I wanted. I said turkey and double american on an italian herbs n cheese footlong. He puts 4 turkey slices on (its supposed to be 8) and moved on. I asked "isnt it supposed to be 8 slices of turkey. He said "yeah"Ummm can i get ma damn turkey please? Then he only put four pieces of cheese on (i asked for double) and then i asked again. He said "i dont know"The woman behind me told him it was supposed to be more cheese.Then he started making her sandwhich and left me. That woman told him to do mine. And he said "yeah butt" And someone else came to help. Anyways. I got everything and it tasted good. Still waiting on the cookies. I also noticed on the catered items theyre sooooooo stingy with items. Usually you get 3/4 lettuce and 1/4 other. With the catered sandwhiches they probably had 10 shreds of lettuce on there. Pretty weird and gross looking.
