5	Well done, Yelp. I'm thinking this must be the best deal for Italian on the strip. Spicy, yummy pasta (big portions). Plus it includes bottomless salad and delightful bread with marinara and chopped basil. Sans wine, $20 including tax and tip!
3	3.5 StarsI was amazed at the newly renovated Tropicana hotel and I'm glad to have tried out one of their new dining options. Bacio is all about Italian cuisine and they offer pasta dishes to meat entrees to pizza. The pasta dishes run for roughly $20 and the main dish entrees are slightly more expensive at $25. For those looking for a budget meal, you can opt for the pizza.We actually had to ask our server to bring bread for the table. As Nicole L. described, the bread comes with a big bowl of tomato margarita sauce for dipping. I liked how the bread was nice and crispy and went well with the dipping sauce.For my main dish I tried the Veal Marsala that consisted of flour dusted veal scallopini, fresh mushroom marsala sauce, brocollini, and linguini. There were two flat pieces of veal and they were really tender. The veal complemented the sweet marsala sauce and the mushrooms burst with good flavor. I wish there was a little more brocollini and linguini though. Overall, I felt it was a solid dish, but I wish there was slightly more pasta.I didn't have much expectations going into this restaurant at the Tropicana, but I'm glad I did. The prices were quite decent compared to other venues in Las Vegas. Now I'd be interested in checking out the other dining options here at the Tropicana.
5	We ate at Bacio on their second night of soft opening after being taken over by Carla Pellegrino. Our server Todd was so friendly, efficient and unpretentious. The wine selection was well curated. Most of all, the food was wonderful. Sea bass was cooked to perfection (not too much) and husband's veal was like butter. A super-rich tiramisu was the perfect end to it.Will definitely enjoy Bacio again!
3	The space for the new Bacio by Carla Pellegrino is white, light, and airy. Located on the mezzanine of the recently renovated Tropicana Las Vegas, and overlooking the swimming pool, the restaurant conveys a friendly and open ambiance. Service was very good except for a major server error in bringing me the wrong pasta dish, which I unfortunately did not catch until the bill came. I knew that I did not like the dish, and did not completely finish it, because it tasted fishy. It was supposed to be Penne alla Vodka, tomato based with Italian cooked ham and a touch of cream sauce tossed in penne. I thought initially that it might have been some unusual type of ham with which I was not familiar. But when I received the bill I saw that I was being charged for a different but similar dish that instead featured salmon and penne: Garganelli al Salmone. When I pointed this out to our server, she immediately took that charge off the bill, which I thought was a nice but not required gesture since I had consumed most of the dish. First the hits! Complimentary Italian olives and assorted bread products and butter were a nice beginning to our meal. The tiny bread-sticks at the bottom of the basket were addicting. Mozzarella in Carozza--billed as a Deep Fried Mozzarella Sandwich accompanied by a sweet Marinara Sauce--was very, very good. And, Branzino con Vegetali, pan-seared sea bass fillets gently placed over grilled fennel, eggplant, and zucchini, was superb--even more memorable than what I ate at Bartolotta di Mare at Wynn Las Vegas a couple of years ago! I also sampled a large piece of cheesy Pollo alla Parmeggiana, which provided a delicious couple of bites. Those were the hits! Misses included Pasta & Fagioli Soup. I liked the broth but not the short noodles or the Borlotti Beans, with which the soup was heavily laden. Salads are high priced even for dinner salad size, at $9.50 and up; and, unfortunately for me, no Caesar Salad is available. Neither is Alfredo Sauce, but my wife was successful in getting a slightly different Cream Base Sauce to substitute for Marinara Sauce on her chicken parm. Gelato was just okay, with the Chocolate Gelato tasting like bitter dark chocolate. The best tasting flavor was Banana Gelato. And, the Torta di Mele, warm Italian Fresh Apple Pie, served with Caramel Gelato, was burnt on the bottom. Nothing accompanies entrees--not even a green vegetable or roasted potatoes--which seems inappropriate for main dishes priced from $22 to $44. Worse yet, roasted potatoes are not even available to order ala carte. Carla Pellegrino was visible in the kitchen and occasionally on the restaurant floor, but overall quality control was very uneven on the night I dined at Bacio. If I am in the mood for pan-seared sea bass, I will probably revisit this dining establishment, and just avoid ordering the misses I experienced on my first venture here.
5	We were visiting Vegas and stayed at the Tropicana. On the mezzanine through the casino we found this place. We ate spaghetti w/ marinara sauce, green salad, Sauteed  Spinach, Beef, Veal and Pork Meatballs. The 2 meat balls were huge! All of the dinner was very well prepared and the staff very attentive and helpful with any questions.We split the whole meal because the portions are big! They give you an assortment of bread in a basket. The owner thanked us for coming as we departed full and happy!  Ask for an inside seat, otherwise you are sitting in the hall as traffic cruises by. They should put up some kind of screen or plants. We got a table for 2 overlooking the pool ans palms.
2	We were going to Nikki Beach and wanted to eat somewhere in the hotel, so we looked up the restaurants. I believed some Yelp reviews that this place had excellent sea bass and tiramisu, so that's what I ordered. Eh... It was OK. Everything was just OK. At $50 a person, I don't think I'd ever return with so many options to eat elsewhere.
4	In brief, we got the prix fixe menu on a slow night, and everything was wonderful. For $33 a person, you get a classy 3-course meal, a glass of house wine, and coffee/tea to finish. Totally worth it anywhere; a steal in Vegas.Our waiter was helpful, friendly, and prompt-- a delight! Bread basket was varied and yummy. I had the arugula salad to start, which was pleasantly larger than I expected; it was fresh and delicious. Clark K. had some sort of large-ish dish piled with an assortment of fried seafood, which looked good. The pastas were good but nothing special (I had the penne alla vodka), but definitely no complaints. Wine was average, tirimisu amazing. Pacing of the meal was right on target.In all, it was a truly lovely, enjoyable experience and a good value. The restaurant is very new, open, white, and crisp. They're definitely working to impress, which works to any customer's advantage! I would definitely give it a shot if you're staying in the Tropicana or in the area. The recent renovations are really sleek, so here's to hoping for more great things from the Tropicana!
5	I ate at Bacio the night before the Las Vegas Rock-n-Roll Half Marathon, with three other girlfriends.  If only the race organizers had taken some advice from Bacio on how to satisfy customers, the weekend would have been a complete home run.We were admittedly somewhat skeptical, given the location (inside the Tropicana, which appears to be frozen in time somewhere around 1967), but the food, service and value were all top notch.  We had a reservation and were seated within a few minutes of our arrival, and were then greeted by a friendly waiter who was able to assist us with a tasty wine selection (Layer Cake - delicious) and tide us over with warm bread.  We were seated on the "patio" (I guess?) area, which is set up to look like a sidewalk bistro.  This made for great people watching over the course of our dinner.  Two of us had the Orecchiette Pugliese, which was very tasty.  Mine was a little greasy/buttery at the bottom, but it was such a flavorful dish I couldn't stop myself from eating all of it.  With an entree each, and two bottles of wine plus tax and tip, the four of us paid only $50 each for dinner, which we thought was very reasonable for an Italian restaurant in Vegas.  I should also add that our waiter could give classes on exactly the right level of attentiveness.  During the hour and a half or so we spent there, he checked in on us to refill drinks, etc. often enough to keep us happy, but without being obtrusive.  He was friendly without being overly demonstrative.  We also loved the photos on the walls... All Italian photos of people kissing.  Very fun.
5	Great inside atmosphere and good food. The service was top notch. The drinks were strong. The tables are spaced well do you don't bump into others. Our server Anthony was prompt, friendly and cordial. The host was nice.  The top chef was having her birthday and sat right behind us.We had the calamari tempura as an appetizer. It was ok but I wouldn't get it again. If you love tempura you make like this. I enjoyed a key lime martini and my boyfriend liked the pomegranate lemonade. for my main course I really liked the seafood mix on the black squid ink pasta linguine and his salmon was good. The tiramisu for dessert was pretty good too. A bit too much cocoa powder on the top. The salad was very fresh.I'd give five stars for service and atmosphere and four stars average for food quality.You don't need to dress up to come here despite the fancy look.
3	Took a date here on my mission to try any and all legitimate Italian restaurants in town as new ones pop up. I was slacking on trying Bacio so I finally wanted to check it off my list. Get there for my reservation and Nicole the hostess was friendly and walked us to our 2 top  next to the window over looking the pool. The restaurant looks very Miami with white everywhere. It looks very nice though. They bring bread with olive oil and balsamic vinegar to the table in what I would describe as a small gravy float. The taste was very good but then  problem is what with the gravy float type container the olive oil and balsamic was in it is impossible to get the correct oil to vinegar ratio because the balsamic sinks to the bottom and the dish is too deep to get the vinegar without the oil washing most of it away. The quality was great but a shallow saucer with the same mixture would be much better. The serve comes to get our appetizer and drink orders. My date orders a glass of wine (very nice wines on the list) and I order an Aperal Spritz. The server comes back after about a minute and says they are out of the Aperal wine, I pointed out it was a liquor not a wine. He comes back shortly with both drinks. The spritz was made perfectly. The waiter was either new to Bacio or just didnt know his menu very well as there are only like 6 cocktails to choose from.For appetizers She orders the Cesar and I order the Caprese. She enjoyed the ceasar and the caprese was  good as well. Great quality tomatoes and olive oil with Bufalo mozarella. I wish there was larger pieces of basil though and they were micro slices instead. Different but it didn't really take away from the great quality I just would have loved it more if they had larger pieces of basil. We order out entrees and she orders the Tagliolini Neri ai Frutti di Mare as she was in the moos for seafood and I order the Salsa Rustica with Spaghetti with Buffalo Mozzarella. We get the dishes after a perfect wait. The portions were fairly generous for the quality of the ingredients. She really liked her Frutti di mare and I was pretty impressed with my pasta. The pasta was cooked perfectly and the sauce was nice. The pasta was much better, twice as big and better flavor that that of Scarpetta at the Cosmo for a few dollars less.Side Note:While we were eating Carla was dining at a table right behind us with a guy in a suit. She is an attractive women and the pictures are accurate as to how she looks, not some stock photo from 1982 as many chefs and celebrities use. On several times during our meal she was talking and venting about her divorce of Frank Jr. from RAO's. Getting emotional as I can only imagine it had to be. I am always one to mind my own business unless someone makes it my business. I just feel it's inappropriate and unprofessional for a chef and owner to vent anything out where the public can hear or see her getting emotional about issues that the diners should have no business hearing. take it in the kitchen or stay home if you can't keep it together. It's easy to get caught up in emotion but as a professional there is a time and a place and your business isn't it. Now on for Dessert. We decide to share the the Tiramisu. I am a Tiramisu connoisseur. It is my favorite dessert of all time. Cannoli as well but Tiramisu is top of the pile. It is a dessert that had pretty specific ingredients yet every restaurant seems to have such drastically different consistency, flavor and presentation. That is also part of the intrigue of the dessert to me.  The portion size is fairly large and very nice presentation. It had 2 small cookies on the plate with the Tiramisu. The favor of the Tiramisu was different. Not in a bad way but not in the way that I prefer either. It was creamy but the coco and espresso favors didn't balance out right with the other flavors. It was not bad, it just wasn't as impressive as the rest of the dinner was.  The 2 cookies the size of a half dollar were the best part of the Tiramisu. So the star was not something you would really find traditionally. To me the appetizers and meals were a solid 4 stars. Very good food. The server was decent, even though the server didn't seems to know his menu all that well. I had to ask the server for dessert instead of him suggesting it and trying to up sell. He was a nice and friendly guy, he could just use some more experience at Bacio. I would say he was about 40 so it wasn't for lack of experience in general, just at Bacio. The unprofessional behavior of Carla was a bit of a disappointment even though it didn't take away from the dinner.  For this reason I am giving it an over all of 3 stars because of the small downers even though it is easily a solid 4 star restaurant.maybe just an off night my date and I went. I love the name Bacio for the place too.
5	I half to tell you that Carla Pellegrino and her staff are fantastic! The food is great and The New Tropicana is a breath of fresh air! Literally. The Chef took care of me and my family for a recent birthday celebration and she took care of us personally-well at least it felt like it.  The menu is about to be updated and rumor has it Osobucco is going to be featured! A Definate must for a return visit!  You have to check this place out! Awesome Job Chef!!! Ciao!!!!
3	We did the early bird 3 course tasting which is a great deal at $33 a person and includes a glass of wine. The appetizers are huge (fried calamari and veggies) so we got pretty full before the meal even came out. The disappointing dishes were the pasta vongole. Not sure how they messed up a relatively simple dish but both people in our party didn't care for it. It was missing something and we couldn't decide if it was lemon or salt or clam juice....just way too bland.The salmon over spinach tasted good but later got sick so wasn't sure if it was from the salmon or all the fried calamari. Nobody else in our party was ill, so likely the salmon. The tiramissou was outrageous and the house wine really nice. Service was mixed but overall I might be inclined to try it again because some of the dishes were quite good. Oh, and Travis on yelp mentions another issue which we had...the ratio of olive oil to vinegar in a gravy boat just doesn't work. They need to put this on a plate for proper dipping.
5	Came in for a fun Restaurant Week dinner. Amazing selection on the three (and a half) course meal! The hostess and servers were all super friendly and helpful. The portions were huge. My water glass was never even close to empty. Everything tasted delicious. I had the calamari to start, the chicken parmesan for an entree (side of spinach), and the apple pie for dessert. The chicken was about enough for me to split it into three separate meals so I took the rest home. Whoever had bagged my food to go had accidentally put my spinach in the wrong box so they actually cooked me a new side and put it into my to go box. What?! I'm impressed. Couple that with the fact that my huge meal was only $30.12 before tax and tip. I would definitely recommend this place, especially because the view of the pool is quite nice.
3	Like the reviewers before me, this was a disappointing dining experience and I would suggest trying other restaurants on the Strip.We decided to support Three Square Food Bank by dining at Bacio during restaurant with the fixed price of $30.  What was great about this set menu was the amount of choices we had.We both had the calamari appetizer which was surprisingly filling.  The calamari tasted good, the one piece of Tilapia & one large shrimp was overcooked and tough.  The deep fried zucchini shreds were delicious along with the accompanying sauces.My dining companion ordered the pork chop and she loved it.  There was plenty left over for a doggy bag.I had the Veal Scallopini Marsala and the veal was undercooked, the sauce was fairly tasteless, the mashed potatoes was more like runny puree with large chunks of crystalized salt on top of the potato which was unpleasant to taste.The side dish of spinach was overly salty and undercooked for both of us.The tirimisu was okay but definitely didn't taste like traditional tirimisu and I wouldn't order it again.  My friend enjoyed her cannoli.Our Waiter, Todd did a poor job taking care of us and served dinner when we hadn't finished our appetizers.  It looked like my meal had been sitting under a warmer because the sauce had 'set'.The inside dining room is very plain and stark and not for people looking for a romantic setting.
4	My wife and I both enjoyed our experience. Food was wonderful, as was the service. Only negative was they were out of the wine we ordered. However, it wasn't hard to find plan B. We definitely recommend & will return.
3	On the whole - just ok. While our servers were great, very attentive and helpful, the food was so-so. My Veal Marsala had very little flavor, although the portion size was much larger than I expected. Potatoes on the side were a bit watery. The bread was very good, but as the other reviewers indicate, the olive oil & balsamic vinegar mixture is almost impossible to use in the container it's served in. All oil, no vinegar.My dining companions seemed to enjoy their food (pasta with clams, and another veal dish). So perhaps I was the unlucky one.
4	Very sexy Italian restaurant inside the Tropicana. You'd be hard pressed to find something on the menu you don't like, and the drinks are very good. Excellent service (this is Las Vegas), convenient location, decadent desserts. Just a wonderful place all around. If you don't leave Bacio pleased, then there's no pleasing you. Come check it out for yourself, you won't be disappointed.
4	I had a great dinner this evening. I wanted to try out their Happy Prefix Menu for $33+tax. It comes with an Antipasti, a Piatto Principale, Contorni, and a Dessert.Anthony was my waiter today and he was very nice. He was very accommodating to my entire dining experience. I even asked him to recommend a few dishes since it was difficult for me to decide. I was disappointed though that they did not have the Scaloppini al Marsala as the shipment of veal did not arrive. I really was fixated for this Scaloppini. I guess better luck next time is the mantra for Vegas, right?The only real negative thing about the whole entire dining experience was the bread that they gave you. It was rather stale and cold. Even Macaroni Grill gives better bread than this place. Other than that, everything else was spot on. I ordered the Insalata di Arugula & Rosso Bruno as the Antipasti. It was pretty good, although the portion was very large for an Antipasti. I still managed to eat the whole thing. Next, I ordered the Linguini alla Vongole Veraci as my Piatto Principale. It was very delicious with the wine sauce. However, as a criticism, some of the clams I received were still populated with sand. I was disappointed in this as I heard a few disturbing crunch noises when I bit down. If I overlook this, the dish was still delicious. It is also complimented with a Contorni. I ordered some spinach as the contorni. The spinach was a little salty so I had to refrain from eating too much of this.Finally, the dessert I ordered was the gelati. You can order up to three flavors so I chose vanilla, banana, and pistachio. When the dessert came out, I was surprised by the size of the dish. It was very tiny! The ice cream was great but I wish there was more of it.  Overall, I had a great experience and would definitely love to come back here again. Hopefully this time around, they will have the Scaloppini and perhaps improve their bread.
2	We decided to go to this restaurant because the wife just had to try the squid ink pasta.  If you want to try this restaurant you should seriously reconsider or temper your expectations.Got off to a horrible start when I pulled into the Tropicana and tried to valet park my car.  There were 3 cars in front of me and 3 cars in back of me and 1 valet guy running around trying to park all the cars.  Literally stood at the valet for 15 minutes just to give the valet guy my car key.  Even funnier was there were like 5 door men standing around watching all the cars congregate.  So, 1 valet guy but 5 door men..... excellent use of resources Tropicana.  Carla, if you read this, you seriously need to move to a different place.  Tropicana is about 30 years behind the times.  I honestly would not return to this restaurant just based on the terrible valet parking alone.Once I got to the restaurant we had a quick wait and then were seated.  The decor looks like a homely kitchen kinda thing but the prices were high end restaurant.  Not a good combination.  Got a pretty nice bread plate with some olive oil to start.  For appetizers we got the mussels in white wine broth.  Very well done and my favorite dish here.  The wife got the tagliolini with squid ink, tomato sauce, and various seafood.  Dish was okay but I don't think the squid ink added anything to the dish except for color.  I got the oriechette with mild sausage and brocoli rabe.  The mild sausage was too mild as I thought there was almost no taste to the sausage.  The green sauce and the dish itself was kinda bland.  We also got a side dish of peas and proscuitto.  While the taste was okay, the peas were a dull green color and wrinkled which leads me to believe they were frozen peas and not fresh.  Just more disappointment for me.  Lastly, we had to sit for almost 1 hour before we received our pasta dishes.  I wanted to like this restaurant but I don't think there is anything here that would make me want to go back.
4	I came here to give it a try and chose the 3 course Prix fixe menu which consists of an appetizer, a main course, and a dessert.  I was surprised by how small the restaurant was inside.  There's more seating in the hallway that leads to the rear tower of the Tropicana Hotel.  I decided to eat inside because there had been a whole lot of people rolling suitcases down that hall and I wanted a little more quiet. The restaurant inside is almost all white.The bread basket was brought quickly.  A couple of things here.  The bread was very dry, stale even, and the mixture of olive oil and balsamic vinegar is just the wrong shape for this dipping sauce.  There's way too much olive oil and the balsamic just sits at the bottom.  The basket had a piece of lavash, some focaccia, a roll, and a slated bread stick.  The star of that basket was the salted bread stick.For a main course, I got the linguini with Manilla clams in a white wine sauce.  There were 10 clams arranged around the pasta.  This was excellent.  I wanted to drink the sauce left, but I used some of the bread to soak up the white wine sauce and I finished it that way.  For those who don't like salty foods, I could taste a fair amount of salt in the sauce.  I love salt so this was a good thing.  Others need to be warned about that.For dessert, I got the tiramisu.  This was a very large piece of tiramisu different from what I've generally had, but it was very tasty.  On top was a lot of cocoa powder which set off the sweetness beneath.The prix fixe menu gives you coffee or tea and a glass of house wine.  I got iced tea and instead of wine, I had a cup of coffee with dessert.  At most places, that would cause fits and an extra charge.  Here it was just fine!I was going to give Bacio 3.5 stars, but shortly after I was seated, Chef Pellegrino had a meltdown with one of her staff--enough so that most people in the restaurant looked where she was and watched and listened.  She was giving grief to one of her bus people for wasting bread.  The meltdown ended with her saying, "That costs money."  She walked out of the restaurant for a few moments and then came back.  The show was worth an extra 1/2 star.  Brava!  The service by all the staff was superb!I do have one complaint.  The French term for your kind of menu, Chef Pellegrino, is Prix fixe as you well know.  Please don't be lazy and spell it prefix like many people do who have no clue as to the origin of the term.  I know it sounds like prefix but don't succumb to dumbing down your own menu because people don't know.Chef Pellegrino is very talented.  She was working in the kitchen all the time I was there.  Obviously she cares.  I am sure I'll make a return visit!
3	Cute place, nice staff, but very slow service and inconsistent food. Something strange must have been going on in the kitchen that night, as the manager and the waiters were  all lined up most of the time looking into the kitchen through the pass- through. Was there a hidden kitchen disaster, or was it the dark- haired, very expensively dressed diner in the starched white shirt, whom the waiters appeared very nervous around? Was he an owner?  He received very prompt service! The food : salads and bread were quite excellent had the one with dried steak: delicious! this was followed by the squid ink pasta with mixed seafood, and the scallops could have been fresher, they tasted somewhat of ammonia.  The capellini with shrimp lacked any lemon cream sauce, as described on the menu, and the shrimp was overcooked and rather tough. The rigatoni with  tomato sauce was nothing special. The pasta with salmon cream sauce was pronounced delicious by my sister. They ran out of the olive appetizers at 6 pm, which we thought rather strange. After an hour of waiting for our main courses, one of our party had reached the limit of her patience, then demanded to see the manager. Our food came out very shortly after that. No manager was then needed, but none came over to make sure things were OK, either, he was still glued to the kitchen window. . Our waiter was pleasant but I think we only saw him three times in an hour and a half: when ordering, when he told me how much I seemed to enjoy the food ( well, I was hungry and my mother taught me to eat what was in front of me), and when he gave us the bill.  The busboy was very attentive, though, we had much water refilling . We declined dessert, but they never offered us coffee after dinner, which one of our party thought was unusual.  As others have noted, the olive oil and balsamic vinegar was served in a high- walled container that did not lend it self to mixing of the two when bread - dipping. We sat next to a wall opening in the restaurant, so I had one type of music from the restaurant  in my right ear, and music from the hallway in my left ear, which was very distracting, until I was able to tune out the hall music.  Very small wine pours, too, although the wine menu was excellent.  We had a half- price entree deal through half price tickets, I think the Price- fix dinner was a better deal. I don't think I would go back, as there are many other dining options in Vegas. We did love the newly decorated Flamingo: light, bright and smells of coconut, not smoke! I would definitely stay at this hotel.
5	Day one of my restaurant week experience was by far the best italian dinner I have had in a long time. Carla Pellegrino's cooking is like eating a hot dinner right out of grandmas kitchen in Sicily.The pre-set menu for restaurant week was 30.12 and the portion sizes were great for a limited menu. There was 3 of us 2 adulst and my 4yrold and the staff was attentive and friendly even to my daughter who likes to order for herself.The restaurant is cozy and romantic..,maybe sits 100 to 150 tops. Part of the restaurant is on a terrace setting into the casino. So if seated out there you do see people walking by and it can be noisy but nothing like eating at the Hard Rock Hotel. The ambiance would be great for special occasions or a romantic date. The wine list was not overwhelming in quantity or price but it was not short in quality either.We ordered 3 restaurant week dinners so it started with 2 orders of frutti di misto..which was calamari rings and legs, green beans, white fish and 2 jumbo shrimp all fried in the light saltt calamari batter..it was soo filling and deliciouswe also had the baked clams..which came with 7 mini clams baked with an italian bread crumb top,.squeeze a little lemon on top and its perfection.2nd courses we had the linguine al vongole..best i have had..not too buttery or oily..which some cheaper venues make that mistake..clams where fresh and light and even tho this dish is known for its garlic taste it was not overwhelming or stagnant...it was awesome-i have included pictures so check out the portion sizeswe also had the chicken parm which was the biggest chicken breast i have ever seen..it came out on a large plate and that breast took up the whole thing..it was served solowe also ordered the salmon and spinach dish..salmon was cooked perfect, flaky lightly seasoned and the spinach sauteed to perfection..not overly wilted over salted.3rd course was dessert we had all three they offeredtiramasu-soft light rummy and yummysorbets-perfect for a light dessert or to cleanse the palette or for my lil oneRicotta cheesecake..fluffy not too sweet but just enough creamy goodness to have you begging for more.we ate family style so we could enjoy all the tastes..my daughter was brought a notepad and pen when she asked for paper to drawer..the service was impeccable..they cleared plates and cleaned the table like they were ninjas..then all off a sudden food was droppedRoland was our server,,and although other patrons started to complain about ticket times once the restaurant was busier about 8pm..roland handles everything professional and with ease..even if i had to wait 20-30 minutes for my entrees it is well worth it..this is a little known place..but my new favorite restaurant for a night out..its located in tropicana which after the total remodel is suprisingly very miami chic..it no longer has that old person smoky smell like the casinos downtown do..so i would like to dine her again and again even at regular price..over all a winner and highly reccomend it!!!
1	my wife and i are long-term customers of rao's in vegas and harlem and were quite excited to dine at carla's new restaurant at the newly renovated tropicana. note that my wife and i eat out at some of the best vegas spots, Delmonico (emirl) Spago, Sinatra's, Nine as well as some of the more reasonably priced stablishments, Margaritaville, Burger Bar, in and out burge, Pinks hot dog's etc, so we are not snubs when it comes to food. Howevwe we enjoy fine dinning and an experience in-line with the price point. As for Bacio, here is my story sad but true:the meatballs were dead on arrival, they were dried out and appeared to have been made a number of days ago! i advised my waiter who was kind enough to buy me a beer in exchange for my dried-out balls, a fair, but  equitable trade, however, i would have preferred a good meatball. my wife ordered a chicken parmigan,   which like the heretofore mentioned meatballs was dry,  with almost zero tomato sauce and appeared as thought it had been cooked days in advance, not an good thing considering this is supposed to be a highfalutin establishment, not!  as a matter of fact it was dryer than the driest turkey reheated from thanksgiving day! as a result of ingesting this meal my wife was sick all evening, and into the early morning, a scenario you should not get for "waking up or eating in vegas". its funny but my wife had lunch at buca di beppo earlier in the week and their chicken parmigan was of a higher caliber and made fresh on the spot (for an quarter of the price) and she didn't have to get sick :). maybe bacio charges extra for that privilege.  i ordered their veal chop with hot cherry peppers which was served in a bowl, (strange) with zero sides! the dish which takes twenty minutes to make was fresh and quite good. i guess its best when eating here to make sure to order those menu items which have to be made on the spot. also, i must say the decor and atmosphere here was ....sterile to say the least and to say the most was quite boring. we asked for a quite spot and were place at a small table next to a dozen business men in like tee shirts who were drinking up a storm. as there were no other patrons inside we asked to be moved to the outside eating area.  why is it i ask that vegas restaurants think its exciting  for their guests to watch the hotel patrons go to and fro while they are eating their meal? i was actually afraid that one of the passerby's would take one of my meatballs which in hindsight might have been a good thing.lastly, is there a Manager in the house! There appeared to be nobody in charge, we couldn't find a manager, not good. as for bacio? i will have to say baci-no!
4	It was a very nice experience, the service was very good, but the food was a little below the price.  Being from New York, we nit-pick Italian.  We had a very nice meal.  The food is good, but not incredible.  We were very happy with the over all experience.  The staff was friendly and the celebrity chef comes out to talk to patrons.  She didn't come to our table, but we weren't looking for a conversation.  It's a very nice place to eat is you stay in theater, and we were very satisfied.
4	Chopped SaladItalian spicy sausageSeafood calamariTo match italian medium bodied red wineCrispy Seafood  Fried Calamari, Shrimp, Tilapia It was fairly salty. Some bites more than other, but it was still delicious. Chopped Lettuce, Prosciutto, Salami, Sopressata,  Artichokes, Tomatoes, Olives, Zucchini, Grana Padano, Balsamic VinaigretteI love chopped salad. And this one was DELICIOUS!Sweet and Spicy Sausage Fresh Tomato, Basil Just as described, but it was nice, tasteful.
3	I'm not a fan of Italian, but a friend took me here, and who am I to turn down a free dinner? It was solidly OK. I felt like having some kinda baked cheesy comfort-foody goodness, but shockingly there is nothing like that on the menu. Not even lasagna! So I settled for the shrimp risotto, which was pretty good. We shared fried risotto balls for an appetizer, and they were pretty good too. The bread basket was uninspired -- just regular lightly toasted sourdough slices with oil & vinegar. My friend had the pounded veal cutlets, which he found a tad dry, but they brought him some marinara on the side and then he liked it ok. The custom cocktail list is fun, and the drinks are really good. I had the ginger mojito, which was fanTAStic -- served with a sugarcane garnish -- and my friend had some fruity vodka thing. Both our drinks were chock-a-block with fruity minty greeny goodness -- they do not skimp on garnishes here!For dessert, we shared the profiteroles, which were also good. The main problem as far as I can see is the atmosphere. It's BORING. The place is located on a walkway in the back of the casino, very claustrophobic and dim, with not much of a view -- just hotel patrons walking back to their rooms. Although I did see a bride, in full wedding attire, carrying a bag of Hooters-to-Go...so I guess the people-watching is OK. Overall, if you're staying at the Trop then yeah, try this place. Otherwise, it doesn't stand out. I probably won't be back.
3	Our biggest problem with Bacio was the inexplicable length of time it took from when we ordered our meals to their arrival at our table. An hour and fifteen minutes, despite being only one of TWO seated tables in the entire restaurant on a Thursday night.Our waiter, whose name I wish I could remember, was amazing: attentive, polite, personable, and honest. He did the best he could given the other let downs we experienced during our dinner. As for our meals, we were all very divided. I ordered some sort veal dish, which I really enjoyed BUT I have had better veal on numerous occasions. It was a forgettable albeit filling meal. My father-in-law had veal prepared in a different fashion that was too salty for his taste. My husband had a surf and turf combo on special and it was decidedly the best meal on our table. The other two members of our party had a salad and lobster ravioli, which were "fine" and "good" but again, they've had better. It was a mediocre experience, and when I'm in Vegas I like to kick it up a notch from mediocre. Bacio exudes an upscale modern vibe but falls flat in the taste-bud department. This is not a Vegas-must.
4	Jaime W and I had the best time on our free night on the strip. She had a gift card to Bacio, I had free tix to Blue Man, and together, we made magic happen on the Strip.We started off with a flatbread, which wasn't so much a flatbread as it was a thick-crust pizza without sauce. Flavors were good, temperature was not so good. It was meatball-tastic. I dipped it in balsamic because I'm cool like that and like to give my mouth the inability to taste things. Vinegar is a girl's best friend, what can I say? We both had a pasta with alfredo sauce, thick noodles, proscuitto, chicken, and artichokes--Papardelle. The noodles were definitely the winner here--it was fresh pasta and so tasty delicious, I was sad when it was over. However, the meats in the dish were not my fave. They weren't flavored well and way too overcooked. I picked across them for the artichokes and devoured happily.For dessert we had profiterole and tiramisu. The tiramisu was a real winner--nothing standout other than the fact that it was delicious. The profiteroles weren't as outstanding, but I really never met a dessert I didn't like so I still ate it.Definitely request to be inside. We sat on the "patio" area with full view of the casino area and the "I-forgot-my-poncho-and-my-fake-Gucci-sunglasses" kiosk. The inside was reserved for the executives to hobnob their way through a bottle of wine. CEO, Schm-EO. The kitchen-y old Americana-Italia feel inside was more what we were going for.All that for $4? Yeah, we know how to hack life. Jaime is my homegirl.
2	They were accommodating as I wanted the special baked pasta but without the meat. It was tasty, though one mushroom barely constitutes listing it as an ingredient. The meal delivery was slow in comparison to the limited number of customers. I found the prices a little steep for the quantity/quality received. I would not recommend unless you are staying in the hotel and get a discount or points.
4	This place took me by surprise.  I got a dining credit here and had nothing else going on for dinner so my buddy and I tried it out.Service was great.  You can sit "outside" which means you can sit where everyone walks by from their rooms to the casino at the Trop and although that sounds moot - it actually was pretty entertaining and made for fun conversation.  The pasta - this is an Italian restaurant - was fantastic.  I had the cappellini with prawns.  The cappellini was perfectly cooked, the prawns too (and they were huge) and the sauce was amazing.  Very delicious.  My buddy really liked his meal as well.Service was attentive but not in your face. If you are at the Trop and think the place is sub-standard because it is in the Trop - Think again.  Well worth your money and time especially if you have the dining credit!
4	My husband and I ate at Bacio during our recent stay at The Tropicana and enjoyed it very much.  We ordered the Crispy Risotto for our appetizer and it was okay, needed a bit more flavor in my opinion.  I ordered the Chicken Milanese and my husband Chicken Scarpariello, both were very tasty.  We added an  order of pasta and sweet & spicy sausage for the table which were excellent!  Nice hot assorted bread, great wine list and didn't break the bank for us.  Would recommend a meal there if staying at The Trop!
4	This was really good. Maybe a 4.5. If they would have used fresh pastas for more of their pasta dishes they would have gotten a 5. The mozzarella appetizer was fantastic as well as the cocktails (margarita and mojito). The sauce was pretty good as well. The pasta dishes were good, still wish they would have used fresh pasta however it's still pretty good. If you get the Trop players card you also get a complimentary glass of wine which was a pretty good one. Still surprised at an Italian restaurant that a house Chianti wasn't available. You also get 2 for 1 cocktails if you are staying at the hotel. What a deal! By the way, the bread served before the meal- also great. If you go for dinner here, which I suggest, ask for Todd to be your waiter. He's great!
3	My wife and I placed a to-go order from Bacio, hoping (praying) that the meal would be better than the horrendous meal we had at the Beach Cafe (24 hour restaurant at Trop). The soup was hearty and filling and not overly seasoned; however, the accompanying bread was too salty and the consistency was that if an under-done crouton. We also ordered the rigatoni which was tasty. The vegetables in the sauce were cooked nicely and still had some bite, and the sausage was spicy and flavorful and didn't have too much anis. We were pleasantly surprised but, again, our expectations were very low. In our Vegas experience there were many other restaurants that would warrant a visit before Bacio.One thing to mention: the service was fantastic and Steven was very accommodating to our needs.
2	If the Las Vegas Strip Casinos' were to have "Mom N' Pop" restaurants, then this would be it.If you are used to the glitz and glamor of the strips huge property casinos' and all of their modern, current, and flashy decor than this place may take you by surprise.Everything was "fine" with this place, from upon entry until we left.  Service was "fine", Food was "fine", the bill was "fine" but pricey considering it was "Mom N' Pop".  There is no bar seating although they do serve hard alcohol as well as vino.Most likely, I would not go back again.  Not because of any bad experience but because it left a flat affect and the location is not my speed (I like all the shiny lights of all the newer casino's).  However, our server Todd was seasoned and provided fun and quality service which is always refreshing and a pleasure.  This place is worth a shot but keep your expectations optimistically low, only because this place is simple.
4	Staying at the Tropicana can be a bummer because there are only three restaurants in the hotel, but all three restaurants are exceptionally good.I was excited to try Bacio mainly because I LOVE watching Top Chef and Carla Pellegrino was/is the chef at Bacio (I was secretly hoping to meet her, but sadly I was too chicken to ask).I'm always a sucker for Italian and pasta. I've tried multiple menu items but by far my favorites are the Bacio Salad and the apple dessert. The Bacio salad is perfectly refreshing and tasty with many veggies that you don't see on many salads. The dressing is what makes this salad my favorite, the tangy citrus flavor is delicious. I've tried both apple desserts at Bacio and Biscayne (the restaurant across the way), but Bacio's is better. Bacio's apple dessert has a crispy, flakey pastry with caramel ice cream (gelato?). This caramel ice cream is soooo good. It's very different from the usual vanilla ice cream you usually get with apple desserts.The pasta dishes aren't anything super special, once I got the capellini and the pasta was "mush-y" because it was most likely overcooked. I have yet to try their gnocchi which I've wanted to try for like ever, but hopefully I'll be back soon to try it.
5	After attending the Laugh Factory show we were looking for some where to eat and stumbled upon Bacio.  The menu looked appealing so we decided to give it a try.  Our server, Todd, was excellent.  We started off with some signature cocktails.  The Pomegrante Lemonade, very good, slightly tart flavor. Cetrioloino, vodka, cucumber, strawberries and mint, very refreshing! Italian mojito, basil instead of mint!  All of the drinks were good but I especially liked the Cetrioloino.  For our main course we ordered the marsala, pappardelle and tagliolini.  All the meals were enjoyed and the pasta was homemade.  Unfortunately, we did not have room for desert but from what we saw they looked delicious.  I would recommend a stop at Bacio if you go to the Tropicana.
3	After reading about how good the food is at this place especially for the price, the girlfriend and I decided to give it a shot. Upon arriving, I was a little surprised that the restaurant is located in upstairs hallway of the casino. It's not too noisy, but you can still hear the background noise of the downstairs casino from the patio where we were seated. We were told that it would be a 15 minute wait and waited about 10 minutes for one of the 5 or 6 empty tables located in the hallway that had been empty from the time we arrived. I was a little disappointed with the ambiance, because when I think of a nice Italian restaurant in Vegas, I think romantic, darker lighting and a little bit of privacy to your table, but that's just my opinion. Our server did a very good job. He was very quick to fill our water glasses and serve the calamari appetizer that we decided on. Calamari came with fried zucchini and fried fish as well which was delicious. I ordered the Gnocchi which was very good and the girlfriend ordered the Rigatoni which had spicy sausage and bell peppers. Very spicy, almost too spicy to really enjoy. We enjoyed our food, but if seated inside the restaurant, its possible that I would've added another star to my review for ambiance.
5	People should consider coming here even if they're not staying here. I've eaten here a few times and it's really, really good. Also excellent service every time. This place is a bit more intimate than some Vega$ eateries. It's a bit tucked away on the 2nd floor of the Trop. While the ceilings are a bit awkwardly low, the rest of the restaurant ambiance is rather appealing. We tried some different things this time including a linguine and clams dish as well as the meatballs. All was very very good. The salad I felt was just ok- too much cheapy lettuce. Bread is always good and the drinks are awesome! If you get that Trop Players card it is buy one get one free excellent drinks AND a complimentary glass of wine with your meal. Can you beat that? I don't think so! Ask for Todd- he's a greater waiter...
1	Service was good, which is why the place got 2 stars instead of one. I can't stand restaurants that tell you there is a 10 minute artificial wait when I counted no less then 10 empty tables. I made the mistake of asking why, got a shitty sluff off answer and when sat, got a crappy table !  The place is very expensive for really crap food. I had what was the closest thing they had to a seafood pasta dish and it came out looking like dog food. The wife had a chicken Alfredo  type dish that wasn't half as good as the premade stuff you buy at CostcoI hate paying close to $200 for a shit experience. Forget it.... I was trying to be generous and give you 2 stars.... Naw.... This place deserves a one!!Do yourself a favor and take a cab to the hundreds of good fining places on Vegas!
3	This is has been on my list for a while now...Mainly because I've been trying to get a 1000pt reservation with Open Table.So here we go, finally came before a visit to the Laugh Factory. (no 1000 pt tables available, but oh well.) First we were seated at what my guy considers one of the WORST tables in a restaurant, right behind the hostess stand at the entrance. And to make it worse, its on a patio where everyone walking through the hotel can see you.  (I always think that's weird. Not a fan of dining on display) So next we ordered a bottle of, wine, and sat there for seriously 20 minutes before I had to ask the server to bring it out. I had to ask for bread too. The food ended up being just ok, I can't say anything wowed me. I had the seabass, with veggies and another side of spinach. All in all, the poor service makes me not ever need to go here again... Check and done.
4	Located inside the Tropicana we found this Italian gem !  We had reservations and were seated inside at a small table at the window with wall right behind our chairs, After a minute we realized this was not going to work, as we both felt pinned in. The hostess was very accommodating in letting us move to a table for 4. We both ordered a glass of red from the limited wine menu. Bread with oil and balsamic arrived and it was nice, but found the bowls you had to pour from awkward. We ordered the heirloom tomatoes salad with buffalo mozzarella and 1 leaf of Basil. It was very tasty however the chef really should do a view of the dishes before leaving the kitchen as one of the salads had the most wilted and brown leaf of basil on the plate and considering you only get 1 leaf it's disappointing.  Basil Is not that expensive, here's an idea......possibly add more to go with the salad, and of course, some quality control would certainly be appreciated. Ordered the Veal Marsala with the side of fresh spinach, as most entrees (other than pasta are a la carte). Both were outstanding, and the Chicken Piccata was moist and delicious.  It is great looking menu and hard to choose what to order, the pasta looked good, so the nightly special of ossa buco sounded wonderful...... the atmosphere is a little "stuffy", it looks like a fun place, I want it to be a fun place, but just needs some FUN......a little to quite for my liking.Found it kind of odd as we were leaving that the whole front patio was empty and they seated everyone inside.  All in all, we thoroughly enjoyed our dinner. The server was very attentive and in the area again, will certainly visit to try something else.
4	This place was definitely accommodating last minute. We had a party of 8 walk in from across the hall because the other steakhouse was a bit too pricy. We only had to wait 15 mins and we were setup. I tried their chicken pappardelle. It was definitely a well put together plate. I love their bread with oil and balsamic to start. I was in a rush to get out of there to make a show and the server easily provided us with separate checks. The only downer about the restaurant was where we had to sit. If I had a choice of sit inside away from the smoke smell coming from the downstairs casino.
4	Amber our server was excellent. Huge smile and very attentive.My girl and I tried the Calamari, slow cooked meatballs, rigatoni and the chicken parmigiana.Calamari - tasted light but oily.Meatballs - Big and full of flavor.Rigatoni - Just Ok.Parmigiana - Huge portion & good.Will I return... No. With so many options, I think I would rather take my money somewhere else.If you have a TropPlus Card you save a $1 on items. I think the prices are pricier then what most Italian places charge.I for one wanted to try it for myself, was full yes, was happy with service... Yes.Will I return, No!
2	Since Carla Pellegrino left, it's obviously gone downhill. A groupon lured me back and I still felt cheated at the end of the meal. The pork chop sounded enticing with grits and an arugula walnut salad on top. But there was no vinaigrette and it was literally just arugula with chunks of salt and walnut sitting on top. Cohesive, it was not. Plus, the first pork chop was way overcooked. They took it back and started fresh but by the time I received my meal, my dinner mates had finished.  The meatball soup was tasty enough, but you could see the oil floating on top. The chopped salad came out brown with way too much balsamic. We split it between 3 of us and left over half. Even with ordering a bottle of wine plus an extra glass of wine, I guess they didn't feel compelled to offer any compensation for the problem pork and salad as we had a groupon. Not forward thinking as I would definitely never return.
2	My wife and I were excited to try this place as the menu looked good and they offered an $80 groupon which helps "offset" the tourist pricing of these types of places (we are Las Vegas residents).  The staff was nice and attentive, and if based solely on them this would be a solid 4 star review.  The food, however was very average at best and  very expensive for what it was.  We started with a $16 chop salad that was VERY SMALL and very average, especially for the price.  It never ceases to amaze me how some high end places skimp on stuff like this that costs them mere pennies (iceberg lettuce and a few other cheap ingredients) and would definitely add more value to an expensive meal without much more expense on their part.  The bread was very crappy and either stale or lightly toasted, not sure which one.  Any italian place, especially high end ones should really focus on having quality bread as this is an italian staple.  The entrees came out, my chicken picatta was OK flavorwise, but it was NOT a chicken breast (first time I have had that happen anywhere) but rather a thigh.  About 5 bites of chicken and that was it.  My wife's lobster ravioli was a much larger portion and was pretty good overall, the one bright spot in the meal (although still a $36 entree).  Three glasses of lower end wine and we were already well over $100 for a relatively small quantity of average food.  Honestly, the Olive Garden is much better than this place.  I know not to expect too much from places that are meant to squeeze tourists, but there are many, many better places to go on the Vegas strip that give you much more value when they charge these high prices.
3	Was okay food, but they overcharge for it.
5	Delicious Italian food. Freshly prepared, nice complex flavors. Good high quality oils. The heirloom tomatoes and buratta is delicious. The risotto croquettes are great, 4 of them so great for sharing.The tortelloni are so delicious, highly recommend this dish.Great service, friendly staff.
3	Great food if you pick the right items, otherwise it's overpriced and mediocre.Our favorites were the eggplant, fried risotto, and meatballs. The pasta dishes are just average. We've been here twice. The first time we got chicken parm and parpadelle Alfredo and both were weak, especially for $30 a plate.The next time we got smaller dishes and shared a baked pasta and were much happier that way even though it cost the same as out previous visit.The price kills the star rating. If they were more reasonable I might give it 4, but the price almost makes it 2.5 stars in my humble opinion.
4	We were a party of 8 so we I was able to try a few dishes. Everything was amazing! The food was all delicious. The service was fantastic and I am pretty particular on customer service. Our servers were Natalee and Glenn. We were all very thirsty from the heat and drinking the night before and all had waters. The waters were never empty and we drank a lot. I had the Caesar Salad, it was good. I ordered the Pappardelle pasta.  It was so yummy! Often times things with a cream sauce are to heavy or greasy and this was not. SO Yum! I also tasted the chicken parm, it was a really good size piece of chicken and it was super good. Ok, don't know what it was called but it was a beef ravioli or a short rib ravioli? Either way, it is not something that I would ever order but it was amazing. We all took turns dipping our bread in this sauce. One person got the side of Rosemary potatoes, they were just ok. Someone else got the side of Grilled Artichoke hearts - amazing! I will be ordering those the next time we go. I definitely suggest dining here when in Vegas. Ask for Natalee and Glenn, they were awesome!
5	Stayed at tropicana for a long weekend and ate here every night. Food is fantastic and the service is outstanding. I ordered the shrimp capellini and it was my favorite. None of my guest had a complaint and the portions were large....be assured we finished every bite. Enjoy! You will be glad you came here.
1	Is it fair to write a review without eating here?We went there out of desperation as we were seeing a show at Trop.The place was 1/2 empty and still we had to give our name and wait.  After 5 minutes we bolted!The food looked like chef boy-r-d (right out of the can) and the decor made u feel like u wer at a denny"s.  Thats not my idea of fine (italian) dining".They need to open a Favoli"s on the strip!
2	Mr. B and I went here because we couldn't get reservations anywhere else prior to the Aerosmith concert on Aug. 2. We had a reservation and were seated immediately. While we were reviewing the menu, the hostess came up to our table and asked my husband to remove his ballcap. No problem at all - we were in full Aerosmith attire so I'm sure they thought we probably were riff raff. I ordered the chicken parmigiana which was really good - the two sides that came with it were inedible. Luckily, it was a good sized portion of chicken parm and it filled me up. I think there was broccoli on my plate but I really couldn't recognize it so I left it. Mr. B had the steak ravioli - he enjoyed every bit of it. The wine list is very limited - only one Pinot Noir to choose from.As we were leaving, there was another guy with his ballcap on and they didn't make him remove his hat (he had his on backwards - maybe that's more acceptable). Considering there are people on the other side of the railing of this restaurant wearing coverups over their bathing suits and walking to the pool, it seems ridiculous that there's any kind of 'dress code' - and that they enforce it haphazardly.For the $125 we spent on dinner with two glasses of wine, it would probably be worth the walk across the street to go to Buca di Beppo's for so-so Italian food and no dress code.
1	If I were on my deathbed, I would request to be wheeled over to eat at Bacio because it would feel like a LIFETIME!!!I dined here because of a $150 food credit.  With so many quality restaurants in Las Vegas, the ones at The Tropicana aren't on the top of my list.  They're not even on the list.But color me surprised when I saw their 4 course tasting menu with wine pairings for only $39.  Hey!  That made "restaurant week" look expensive.  It's a shame we didn't even get to the third course after 2+ hours.  I felt even worse for the couple from Italy at the next table playing the same waiting game.  Why in God's name would actual Italians eat here?!?!  Their saving grace was that the food I did try was actually decent.  The "Risotto Capesante" with scallops, asparagus and prosciutto paired with a crispy white wine was surprisingly good.  I would've been happy with this dish as all four courses.  The "White Peach" salad I received over an hour later was also good but the wait made it taste a little less good.  My dinner companions ordered a la carte and got the veal parmigiana (huge and juicy) and shrimp risotto 90 minutes after ordering.  If they actually got this whole "serving food in a timely manner" down, Bacio wouldn't be a half bad place.  What the heck was going on in the kitchen??  My guess was the chef suffered from narcolepsy.  We had less than 35 minutes to make a 10pm show at Caesars Palace.  I spoke with the manager to express my displeasure and he took the 2 course dinners off the bill.  The server was super nice, apologetic and took care of a round of drinks too.  At least they made an effort to make it right.  They then boxed up our last two courses of lobster gnocchi (rubbery) and apple granola cheesecake.  The dessert then melted in my car and went straight into the garbage.
4	This restaurant is not bad at all.  I like the simplicity of decor and intimate setting.  The wine list is pathetic, but the food isn't.  I had the scallops for appetizer and Tagliolini as the main course.  Both were good.  The service was efficient and my server, Saul, was efficient and friendly.  The Tropicana used to be the happening place back in the day.  I remember the crazy pool parties.  Oh well, such is Vegas....
5	I love this restaurant!! I have eaten here a few times and It's always really good. The tropicana is not really my first choice when selecting a hotel on the strip to visit but the restaurant makes it worth it. Their service is five star, the staff is all very friendly, knowledgable of the menu, and always checking in during your meal. The drinks are delicious, and I enjoyed the $10 red wine a lot!The food was amazing, I had the chicken parm, (only complaint is it needs more red sauce-- which they gave me right away when I asked for it!!)The fried calamari is great! I had their desserts are all fantastic! So so delicious. If you're staying on the strip near tropicana and want a nice place to relax and enjoy dinner then check this place out.
4	Good service and good food.  From 1-10 I rate it a 6.  The food tasted good, but overall there are better Italian restaurants in town.
5	I learned of this Restaurant when I was a guest at the Tropicana Hotel. The location and ambience didn't pull me in immediately but I decided to give it a try. I am so glad that I did. The service is superb (Thank you Anthony!) and the food is truly fantastic. Our party consisted of three and every single dish that was ordered was so good we decided to make our dishes "family style" so that we can all enjoy. Please keep in mind the dishes are not of "family style" size, but just too damn good not to share with those you love. One of my guests ordered a Espresso Martini, Anthony wasn't sure his bar could grant his request so he made an exception with another bar on the property to make it for us. TALK ABOUT CUSTOMER SERVICE! Phenomenal all around. You will not be disappointed.
5	The food and cocktails were spectacular and came in a timely manner.  Waiter, Lloyd and his co-worker Glenn were super stars!  Will definitely be eating here again.
4	After eating heavy for a few days we decided to do a light meal with apps and salad.  Food was great, service was excellent.  I wanted a drink I had seen on the menu at the restaurant across the way.  Since they were related the waiter was happy to go over and get it for me.  We had the perfect meal before attending the comedy show.  Always check for comps we had about $20 off this meal.
4	As soon as we approached the hostess Carolina, we felt appreciated. We were early for our reservation and she asked us to wait a few extra minutes and she would seat us. We cane back a few minutes later ad were seated in a wonderful table. Th service was excellent! The food was amazing There was NOTHING to complain about! We were very happy our visit!
2	This is actually a difficult review for me. Food/Drink - excellent. I had chicken parm, my friend had some ravioli. We both loved our food. We also had a dessert cocktail (can't think of the name now), but it was some sort of Italian espresso... and it was fantastic. Prices for everything were very reasonable. Service - also, excellent. Very attentive, friendly, and not overbearing at all. Atmosphere - here is where I have issues. Tropicana recently underwent a MASSIVE remodel - soup to nuts. And they really couldn't have picked a more inappropriate area for this restaurant. It's a floor above, and a 150 yard walk from the casino, in an area that feels very much like a mall food court. The space itself is small. Very low ceilings, and feels more like an Italian cafe. If this restaurant was anywhere else in the nation, it would be great; however, it didn't feel like Vegas. If you're looking for a no frills, quiet atmosphere, this would be great, but for me, I was a bit let down.
5	We cold called this establishment as a precursor to the "Raiding the Rock Vault" show and it was fantastic.  Our server Ashley was super professional and delightful.  We ordered two appetizers, a salad and several main dishes for our party of three, and shared everything family style.  The Veal Parm  was a ginormous bone in veal chop that was tender and succulent  and the lobster ravioli spectacular.  Total bill with a bottle of the house Merlot about $50 per person.
1	DO NOT ever come to this restaurant! We received the worst service ever from our waiter TODD. They charged $40 for sparkling water where nice restaurants do not charge for distilled or sparkling and they never told us that they would charge for the water. We asked for the water to be waived so they added $33 as a mandatory tip on a $72 meal. I never expected to receive bad service in Vegas. This has made our day very unpleasant and the rest of the evening was not enjoyable after being treated so badly. I have never wrote such a long review before and my average overall rating for places is a 3 or 4. But if I can give a zero star I would for this restaurant. I hate to pull the racial card, but for once I really felt that was a factor. I want to share my experience with the rest of you so that you will not ruin your day in Vegas like we have.
1	Horrible food and service!  Sadly disappointed in this place. ..the server was clueless about the special of the day for starters. The bread was soft sourdough which is NOT at all Italian. The food was tasteless and the meat was dry...very overpriced for an Italian meal that is worse than Olive Garden
2	Very unhappy with this restaurant.  Service is good, drinks are strong, but choices are tired, entree was a little dried out and chewy,, including the cheese topping the chicken (when will I learn?!). Three drinks, two entrees, coffee were $100. Next time, I will take a taxi to a Yelp 5 star choice.  Or walk to Coco's.
