5	Fantastic place, great location and best view of Pittsburgh.  Nice interior , appetizers were great any one you pick
4	Went with my wife on opening night for our wedding anniversary.  They are still working on the exterior and second floor but we were impressed with the main floor and view of the city.The service was above average and there were plenty of people checking up on us during the hour and a half we were there.The food overall was very good.  By course, and I'll comment on both items because I did taste my wife's dishes:-starters:  the tuna crudo was excellent and full of flavor.  "Tongue and cheek" satisfied my beef craving and loved the pierogi.-entrees:  "duck duck goose" was enjoyed by my wife and she really loved how well everything tasted together.  I continued my beef streak with the filet mignon which was very tender but slightly smoked which it did not need.-sides:  tried the pommes frites which were addicting-desert:  ordered the chocolate mousse dish which was perfect for our sweet tooth-drinks:   I had the seelbach which was a bourbon base-nice and strong, and then had a well paired Cabernet with my steak.  My wife had the accomplice which was a well balanced vodka drink.  She had the same Cab with her duck and finished with a desert wine which she enjoyed.We are looking forward to going back and trying other menu items and checking out the second floor once everything is finished.  Definitely recommend checking it out!
5	My wife and i went for our 18th wedding anniversary. The outside is still under construction and i hope they can liven it up to represent what the inside has to offer. Goodbye dark gloomy Georgetown Inn and Hello fresh new bright modern Altius. You walk into an open airy atmosphere with an immediate view of the three rivers. We arrived early and were immediately seated. We faced the windows and had a great view. The owner stopped over immediately and welcomed us and offer to start us off with a drink. The waitress (Jill P) came shortly and was adorable and bubbly. Made the experience memorable. They provided a complementary unique shooter that was a salsa mix and was fresh. Fresh bread from the bakery was offered and delicious with multiple spreads. We ordered Charcuterie for starters that had many meats and spreads all of which were awesome. I had the prosciutto wrapped veal tenderloin which was cooked perfectly and tender. My wife had the jamison farm lamb rack which again was cooked perfectly and very flavorful. Topped off w a bottle of Hess cab. Desert was a chocolate mousse that we shared and to our surprise had a happy anniversary note in chocolate on the dish and comped. We were stuffed when we left. Ive been eating out way to much recently and this experience tops the list. Top notch new restaurant in Pittsburgh with a great view, great food and great service. Altius did it right!
4	Finally mount Washington has a restaurant worth going to. I would highly recommend the "duck duck goose" entree. There were some minor things that could be better, but they are still working through Being a new restaurant.
5	Went on 6/27 for our anniversary. The place has a GREAT view - one of the best in Pittsburgh. Very clean, upscale restaurant. The food was impeccable. My husband got the lamb chops and I got the pork - both cooked perfectly! The sides are equally as delicious - he had garlic rice pilaf with the lamb and my pork chops came with amazing skinned/ mashed potatoes. We could tell they were still working through the newness of the restaurant..... there was almost too many people working. That said - the service was outstanding and everyone was so nice. I would highly recommend this place. It's a little more expensive but worth the few extra dollars. Very nice atmosphere - not too stuffy - kinda perfect. Park at the bottom of the Duquesne Incline and ride it up - it's located right next to the incline overlook - so great people-watching during dinner and a great date.I honestly don't know if I have had that good of a meal in a while. It was just splendid. Again - the service was great - clearly the chef is extremely talented and all-in-all I can see this place doing quite well. A great night to celebrate 5 years!
5	My wife and I went there last night for our anniversary.  The service was first-rate, from start to finish.  The wait staff was friendly and helpful without ever being obtrusive or (as is sometimes the case in high end restaurants) condescending.  The food was delicious, from starters to main courses to dessert.  There was a touch too much salt in a couple of the dishes for my taste, but otherwise everything was interesting, fresh, attractively presented, and tasty.  The decor was spare, but tasteful.  The view is, of course, magnificent.  And there isn't really a bad table in the restaurant, upstairs or down.Finally, considering what you get, I think that the pricing is very reasonable.  I will definitely go back!
4	Great view, of course. That's the easy part. Went on its second night of operation and had a great meal. Service needed work but that's to be expected on day 2. Can't wait to go back again and see how menu changes and how the growing pains have how philly ironed themselves out. Living on the Mt. means having good restaurants is exciting.
5	Food: 3Decor: 4.5Ambiance: 5Service: 5Value: 4
3	The food was excellent. Fairly priced and perfectly cooked. The service left a lot to be desired. First we had a reservation at 815 and were not seated until 9. After we were seated service was slow at best. For a restaurant w a focus on wine, we should not have had to ask for a chiller for a bottle of white wine. The bottle sat on the table for at least 15 minutes before someone came by and we could ask for one. The meal seemed to take time which is nice and helps you have an enjoyable experience, but the server should be checking on you. Also felt like the service was slightly condescending. Get rid of the placemats are nice in theory, but no one wants to eat off of a reused placemat. 5 stars for food. 2 for service.
2	Start off your meal with a valet for $6,  oh you don' t have cash?...that'll be $10 on a card.  Things don't appear as advertised?   That is apparently the theme.$32 for 'berkshire pork chop' that is listed as $28 on the website menu.   The server informed me that it would be cooked 'medium'  ( slightly pink)  which is perfect.   What came out was grey,  over cooked.  Like it was over cooked and held there for 20 minutes to dry it out on purpose.  It truly takes talent to so thoroughly ruin an ingredient like this.   Maybe this was just a fluke?  Nope,  another person at the table also had an identical ruined pork chop.   The manager offered to comp desserts for the error which is nice but not a remedy.   Another person at the table ordered the rack of lamb..$40+  and it was overcooked.   Really... this is unforgivable. Also, the gnocchi.   Flavorless and really not a pleasant texture.   Apparently the red snapper was delicious.    A gentleman behind us was ordering a steak  at the time we were leaving...I should have warned him the 'chefs'  can't handle cooking food to proper temps. There were some good points to the meal.  The bread service was nice,  the truffle popcorn was a hit  and the desserts were excellent.   The appetizers were decent,  better than the mains.Service:Needs improvement but was acceptable.  Overall the entire experience was painfully slow.  Almost a 3.5 hour dinner.   Took 25 minutes just to get the checks.  Another table also had to inquire about their food after a lengthy wait.  Restaurant was not even busy.Suggestion: Go to Altius for a drink and dessert with a view.   Want a good meal look elsewhere.
3	Heard good things, but left with a bit of a sour taste in my mouth.To start- Valet is $6 up front with cash, but if you pay with a credit card later it jumps to $10.   This is ridiculous, they should validate your parking anyways since you pay a premium to eat there.  Maybe over a certain amount validate it, but still at least offer it to your patrons.The place is beautiful and they really did a nice job with all the windows and decor, but it was freezing.  I asked if they could turn the air down a bit, and the guy responded with " Yes, you should have brought a Shaw"  Sorry, host, I didn't realize I was going into the arctic tundra.The drink prices are outrageous, there was no glass of wine under $12. Hell, I think there was only one glass for $12.  The rest went up, and up, and up.  I appreciate the Stemware they served each varietal in, but cut us some slack. Drinks were $13 and higher. My first drink had a chip in the glass, the swapped it out.  Pittsburgh is getting a bit crazy with drink pricing,  it is now cheaper to drink in some parts of NYC.We got some appetizers, and while  I appreciate the truffle popcorn they give you, it seems out of place, the charcuterie was $16 and it was all toasted bread, not a lot of meat.  Crested Duck was the meat, and I know the cost of a thin slice of that stuff, so please put a bit more on the board. Beet terrine was good.  Nothing crazy.For dinner I got the pork chop medium rare.  It was so overcooked I couldn't cut it.  I had to send it back, my friend got the gnocchi, and it was bland.  Others got the fish dish and said it was good, not great.  My pork was $32.  The highlight of the meal were the desserts.  Flan and a chocolate torte were very good.All in all I do not think I would return, way spend for what you get.  They need to reevaluate their drink pricing.   That may be why they don't post pricing online. I tried to look up wine prices, no luck.  Only a note that if you wanted to bring your own bottle.   It had to be of EXCEPTIONAL QUALITY, and that they would charge $25 cooking fee, but would wave it if you bought a bottle of theirs.  Silly.  I Will spend my money on Avenue B any day of the week.
5	This was a wonderful experience and a refreshing one at that. Every restaurant on Mount Washington seems to rest on the laurels of the view, with either service or food suffering. Fortunately, Altius has fixed that. The service is friendly but not too in your face. The food is amazing. We even got a free appetizer (lightly fried zucchini blossom stuffed with goat cheese). We had the "Duck, Duck, Goose", and the salmon. The duck pate was wonderful, and the salmon was poached (I think?) to perfection. Even the bread service was phenomenal (foccacia and molasses stout) and came with great recommendations about which butter goes best on which bread. It is on the pricier side, but it's definitely worth it.Also, for the complainers that focus on the valet... there is more than enough on street parking (for free) after 6pm. We found a spot literally 20 feet from the entrance.
2	This was my third time dining at altius and probably my last.First, as others mention, have your cash ready from the start. The valet requires that you pay up-front when dropping your car off.Food: The first time the food was amazing; I was very impressed. The second time the food was 'good.'  Last night I had a business dinner here and was very disappointed- even embarrassed at my suggestion.  I ordered the same starters and entrees as my first visit.  Sadly, this time the food showed no resemblance to the first visit. Totally different taste. Also, the chef had a difficult time with cooking temperatures of our meals.  Medium lamb showed up well done and a colleague who ordered rare steak had to send hers back for being cooked well done.  The second attempt was just as over-cooked as the first.  The marked variance in the food prompted me to ask if this was the same chef as before or someone else. Was she sick? On vacation? Or just overwhelmed? The consistency is not there. Ambiance: The interior is beautiful and, of course, the view is amazing.
5	This new restaurant is exceptional. It is totally renovated into a very contemporary sleek restaurant with phenomenal views. The food is superb. The chef provides a complimentary taster. Homemade breads and butters are delicious and creative. The beet appetizer is one of the best apps I have ever eaten. Red and yellow beets layered and bonded with a little gelatin, served with warm goat cheese. Incredible!  We were there for our anniversary. The salmon and fillet were prepared perfectly.  A complimentary dessert was a special added treat. A very eclectic drink menu. Service was flawless. I highly recommend and will definitely return!  This is well needed on Mt Washington and hope they have continued success.
5	Outrageously good. Last weekend, my fiance surprised me with reservations to Altius. It was our first time here, and I hope we will return many, many times. Our meal here was the very best meal I've had in Pittsburgh.We pulled up to the restaurant and we were very pleased to find that there was plenty of free on-street parking. As we entered the restaurant, my fiance gave his name and we were promptly seated upstairs. Of the times I've eaten on Mount Washington, the view from Altius has been my absolute favorite. The interior is modern without being busy.We were seated and greeted immediately by someone offering water and truffle oil popcorn. Our server next greeted us. She was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. She brought over our cocktails and amuse bouche. For a starter, we ordered the Tongue in Cheek. It was delicate, cooked to perfection, and the perfect size to split between two. I was very pleased, as was my FI. In addition to a really beautiful balance of flavors, the presentation was also lovely. Bonus points for quality heavy flatware to dine with.We were also given fresh baked bread with both butter and a tomato spread. Pick the focaccia bread and combine the two spreads. You'll thank me later.For our entrees, I ordered the Duck Duck Goose and my fiance ordered the rack of lamb. My duck was cooked perfectly, served over polenta and with pate. It was incredible and the flavors were absolutely perfect together. My fiances lamb was also perfectly cooked, and he absolutely loved his black garlic risotto. We also ordered a side of the parmesan risotto. It was all wonderful.To end the evening, we ordered the stone fruit cobbler and the chocolate mousse. I'm honestly not sure how we managed to eat these, because we had already eaten so much! The fact that we finished these, also, is a testament to how delicious they were.It was a lovely evening, a wonderful meal, and I hope to come back soon.
3	Food was good. A bit overpriced but good quality.  Biggest gripe for us was management. The head honcho (manager) was a bit pompous, told us right off that he couldn't guarantee us a window seat even though we reserved 2 weeks in advance. Fine, but seems to me they could've handled that better esp considering we were seated in pretty much the opposite location... Nowhere near a window. Also waited past reservation time for a table, and were given a defensive response when we politely asked abt it. The bartender was not very responsive, although it looked like she needed more help.The waiter was excellent. Nice guy, personable and quite knowledgeable. We won't be back any time soon.
5	This place was wonderful.  Even without the magnificent view from Mt. Washington, it would still be wonderful.  Cocktails were delicious and they have a great wine list.  We shared an charcuterie plate as an appetizer, then had salads and mains.  I had the beet terrine and filet mignon while the hubby had a caesar made with kale and salmon.  Dessert was a baked chocolate mousse with banana ice cream that we split.  From beginning to end, there was not a misstep.  Food was perfect and service fantastic.  It is not a weekly destination for us as it is not inexpensive but we will definitely be back.
4	Very good dinner! I had the gnocchi and my husband had the salmon. Both were excellent dishes. The prices were also very reasonable. Mine was only $22 and his was around $29. The interior is very sleek and trendy but the largest problem we had were the lights. The flicked from very bright to completely turned off very frequently. When I asked our waitress she said they are working on it and it's caused from the incline next door.
5	Delicious food and cocktails, great service, and an unbeatable view. This is a great addition to Grandview Ave. and I highly recommend to anyone and will return many times in the future.
4	I'd been here twice for drinks, but was waiting for the right moment to enjoy the food. The right moment came with a tantlizing restaurant week menu! First, let's talk about ambiance. It's super swank and modern. If you'd ever been to the former restaurant here, The Georgetown Inn, forget about what you remember, because it's nothing like that! Are the views spectacular? YES! Will you be paying for those views? Probably.So the food. First, you are not only treated to complimentary popcorn, but also complimentary bread. A bread offering that is probably one of the best freshly baked bread assortments I may have ever had! I gluttonous, so I had to try all three... the faccacia, 12 grain and potato roll. All were fabulous. Pair it with the sea salt butter and you're really in carb heaven. Simply incredible fresh bread. The tasting menu I choose was $39.14 for a three course dinnerFirst coursesquash blossom risottoSecond coursebraised Jamison farm lamb orchiette with zucchini, sundried tomatoes, spinach, sheeps milk ricottaThird coursehalf baked brownieThe risotto was very good. I think it's hard to not have a bland risotto, and this definitely wasn't. The lamb was to. die. for. Seriously. Cooked medium rare, tender and flavorful. I could have had a little bit more, it was so good! The pasta was good, but there was something missing. I'm not sure if it was the flavoring. It had all the ingredients to be flavorful, and it just wasn't enough for me. Seasoning just didn't do it for me. But was by no means a bad dish.The brownie is every bit as good as it sounds. I hate when people try to pass off chocolate cake as a brownies. This was a legit fudge half baked obey gooey center brownie. Legit. The bite of my friends cheesecake further convinced me that their desserts are incredible! Is the food expensive? Yes, but not excessively priced. But I think what really adds up is the wine or cocktails on top of a meal. Their wine list is impressive, and they offer pairings. But just remember, you'll also be paying for the water. Yep. Bottled or sparkling you're charged for. Not sure if you can ask for tap.But , I think a fancy meal with a lovely view is totally okay once in a while!
4	Took my girlfriend here for her birthday. It was an overall good experience.I had made reservations a few days in advance and called and asked for a window table (told they could not guarantee it); however, we arrived 10 minutes early and they were able to clear a window table for us. We used the valet service for $6 upfront even though we live within walking distance (didn't want to be walking up those hills in nice clothes).We started off with the charcuterie. It was yummy; however, most of the meats seemed to be saltier than other charcuterie I have had before.I got the Lamb Rack and she got the chicken. The lamb was a little more towards medium than medium rare, and they did not cut the rack up into individual slices (had to get my hands messy cutting the rack apart myself). But it had good flavor. The risotto was good but I could only eat a portion of it because it was just so salty. The chicken was a slightly dry but the glaze (girlfriend asked for it to be on the side which was a good choice as it was delicious but concentrated) helped to add some moisture. The vegetables were fantastic.We ended the meal with the Strawberry Pretzel Cake. OMG!!! Fantastic and a must try!The cocktails were good but nothing to get overly excited about.We would definitely go back!
5	I go to a lot of business dinners and am from Chicago, so I've been to many fine restaurants.  I can easily say that this is the best meal I've ever had - to date.  We started with the cocktails - i got the Clover Club - a bit fruitier than i expected, but mostly because they were using real ingredients.  We also had the charcuterie appetizer - out of bounds, order two, you'll be happy you did.  We had 7 people so we ordered 3 - all of which were swiftly decimated.  I ordered the "tongue 'n cheek" appetizer, which was really great, but you have to like beef tongue.  I also ordered the "Duck, Duck, Goose" - the goose pate portion of this dish alone made my mouth scream with passion - it's that good.  I won't mention the baked chocolate mousse because i'm pretty sure it's illegal.
5	Have you ever planned a special evening out and had really high expectations? I did and Altius met every single one of them.  I'm not kidding either, from the valet, hostess, bartender, assistant server, server, manager and the owner. Just a group of professional people there to make my night complete. They were helpful and the smiles were everywhere. I love that.I need to first mention we sat right on the window on the second floor and that alone was worth the price of admission. Our city is stunning and it was a busy beautiful Saturday night.The meal was awesome. They give you flavored popcorn to nibble on. Three types of homemade bread as well with this flavored butter and red fruity spread. No idea what it was but I could have ate a bucket of it. We had two appetizers a Sea Scallop/cornbread/pork belly w some type of vinaigrette. The other app was a Charcuterie of cured meats and cheeses. My words mean nothing! Look at those pics! The main courses were even better. I had the special of a Glazed peach Tuna w wasabi mashed potatoes and the wife had the Berkshire Pork Chop w a 4 cheese mashed potatoes and bacon wrapped asparagus. I blew it on the pic but it was better than mine. Honestly they were both 10's. :) We finished up with a few deserts. We shared the chocolate mousse and the cheesecake. There was a raspberry ice cream with the cheesecake that I swear I have since dreamt about. All told this is a legit $150 meal for two if you are drinking. The beer and wine lists are too notch. I plan on going back and trying more items. Put Altius on your list for a must dinner. It is well worth it. :)
5	Boyfriend and I came here for a special dinner and it exceeded our expectations. The design is beautiful and you can't beat the view!We had a few cocktails (both delicious), shared the charcuterie for a starter, and the duck duck goose and berkshire pork chop for our entrees. SO GOOD! I moved to Pittsburgh from NYC two years ago and this is easily the best meal I've had here so far. (Much prefer it to Cure or Meat and Potatoes for example). Often times fine dining = small portions. This is not the case at Altius. Portion sizes were large enough to feel full upon leaving the restaurant. Service was friendly and prompt. *The popcorn was a nice touch.
5	I am visiting Pittsburgh so don't know anything about the area.  A friend found a listing for this fairly new place so we thought we'd give it a try.The atmosphere was great - everything was clean and the view of the city and river awesome!  Watching a storm roll through from that vantage point was fun.The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable about their food and wine menus.We had the tongue starter - neither of us had ever tried tongue.  I was pleasantly surprised it was so good.The chef sent us a small sample of another starter - another pleasant surprise.  Unfortunately, I can't remember what it was called but it was delicious.  Some sort of chicken salad in a small tart-type crust.  Yum!I had the pork chop and it nearly melted in my mouth - couldn't have asked for better.If I'm ever back in Pittsburgh, this place will be on my list again!
3	I was so excited to go to Altius, but the experience left me lacking. I didn't hate it, but I wasn't blown away. I'll start with the positives. I love that every table starts with a bowl of popcorn. I'm not sure if the flavor changes, but we had this amazing savory chicken and waffles flavoring. The food is great, there is no doubt about it. It's pretty meat heavy, so vegetarians beware. The small plates were all delicious and I had an amazing short rib with mole for an entree. The cocktails were great too, and my party all commented on how great the wine list is.So what went wrong? Call me crazy, but I have certain expectations when I go to a restaurant where most entrees are $40+. One of those expectations? That it's properly, or should I say consistently lit. Due to sharing a power grid with the incline, the lights in the restaurant flickered every time the cars ascended or descended. I think this wouldn't be a problem early in the evening, but we had a late dinner. The lights were during up and down fairly often. it was really noticeable, it was like someone was playing with a dimmer switch. It took asking a few servers until we discovered why--most of them brushed it off, pretended they didn't know, or said "Our building is haunted".  I think in the end, I would return here, but not for a full meal. The view is great, but I'd only stay for a drink as to avoid the dizzying light-changes.
5	First time in Pittsburgh and only 2 nights. This restaurant is amazing and the view is spectacular.
3	The restaurant itself is beautiful, modern, and has a great space for private parties. I had the Chardonnay by the glass and unfortunately thought it was overpriced for such a brassy finish. I was excited for the green gazpacho and the presentation was fantastic, but I was confused by the addition of minced almonds which kind of texturally ruined an otherwise extremely promising starter with a nice kick. The texture confusion continued with the main course in a gnocchi that was gritty, along with it being under seasoned. The flavor profile and presentation were excellent though. Again, overall, nothing was bad, just mediocre. If you're trying to impress a date with food, just go to Isabela up the street. If your date is more into decor, go here. They both have the spectacular view.
5	Extremely clean and modern restaurant with beautiful views over looking Heinz and downtown Pittsburgh. Can take the trolley up the hill and walk. Came for a work event and the food was delicious. Service was great and staff was very accommodating. Great place for a date or to take a client for dinner.
5	We had heard very good words for this new place on Mt. Washington and sine we were always looking for a place that could provide the great view with a good quality food we decided to give it a shot.  We were not disappointed at all! The place is very elegant with a classy, modern ambiance.  The stuff is extremely helpful and the food is great as well! I love when restaurants offer bread with the mean and this one does (and the bread is great as well!).  The view is phenomenal.  We were lucky enough to sit right by the window and we could see the whole city.  I think Altius will be there for quiet some time since the combination of service, food and location makes it rather unique.  I will be definitely going back to try more of their menu.  It is also highly recommended for special occasions (e.g., first date, anniversaries etc.) :)
5	I don't do high scale dining often, so I'm very glad the one time that I did I went with this place. It is AMAZING with a capital A. First of all, the restaurant's interior is beautiful. Even if it didn't have the amazing Mt. Washington view, it'd still be gorgeous. It's extremely modern and interesting to look at. The wine list is very extensive. I can't remember exactly what my table got but it was a dry red from California and it was very good. Before they bring your food out you get a palette cleanser and an assortment of breads to choose from. The bread was so rich it was almost like a dessert, but I loved it. They even have a number of different butters and spreads you can try.For dinner, I had the Duck Duck Goose, and it was spectacular. I love duck and don't get to eat it very often. I have to say this was the best I ever had. The one thing I loved in particular about Altius is you get a good portion of food. Some fine dining establishments have great food, but they don't give you very much of it. Believe me, you will be full after you leave here. We didn't have any room for dessert, but I'm sure it would have been as delicious as everything else!
5	I honestly hadn't heard of this place until I went on open table looking to make anniversary reservations.  Guess I've fallen off the foodie scene. Anyhow, as a Bistro 19 fan, this place did not disappoint.  Of course, the view was amazing and probably worth going just for a drink.  The decor was modern and lovely as well.  A tiny bit tight on space, but not uncomfortably so.   (Side note:  you could easily get seated in the bar area when we arrived at 5:15 and again.  Around 6:30-45, it was completely empty again... This was Saturday night.  So, if you're planning to stop by without a reservation and stay in the bar, it looks like if you do it either early or in the middle of the dinner hour, you're solid.)  Speaking of drinks, they were fantastic.  Huz had the East India and I had a French 75. We also had the charcuterie, which the husband raved about and he rarely raves.  I was stunned as he kept shoveling meat and cheese into his mouth.  Typically, I end up eating these sorts of plates by myself while he rants about how the restaurant thinks it's fancy... The popcorn was truffle flavor.... I don't really care for popcorn, but managed to eat most of it.... Delish and a fun touch.I also have no idea what they added to the butter ... salt and a seasoning... it was like crack butter....For dinner, I had the goose goose duck, which was truly outstanding.  I ate all of it.  And I rarely eat meat.  He had the steak, which didn't do much for me (I'm not much of a steak eater), but he thought it was perfect.  And it was beautifully cooked.For dessert, we had chocolate cheesecake.  He thought it was amazing.  Again, not really my thing (or maybe I was just too full?), but tasty enough.  The marinated cherries on the plate were my fave.  Actually, I'd have eaten the cherries and the ice cream alone...  And they sent us with a delightful little fruit cookie bar thing, so we really didn't need to order dessert.I also had a glass of delish zinfandel (with the duck) and a cappuccino (with dessert).  He had a sparkling water with dinner.  Total bill before tip was around $150.  Completely worth it.  Easily the best meal we've had in ages.  And, frankly, if you had a single drink, still water, and skipped dessert, you could be close to the 50 pp mark.  (Entrees were in the $30 ball park and certainly enough for a meal... )  But, if you're going to splurge, why not?!As noted by some of the other reviews, unlike a lot of fine dining places, the portions were very generous.Service was also near perfect.  The server was prompt, polite and helpful.  The sommelier was appropriately present and helpful.  We thought about a bottle and he didn't bat an eyelash when I decided upon just a glass.  The wine list was nicely comprehensive -- a little bit for everyone at a good range of prices.  If you've got a special night out coming up, this is the place.  Hands down.  In the meantime, it gave me a hankering for a night just up the street at Bistro 19!
5	I took my girlfriend to Altius the first night we got in to Pittsburgh and we absolutely fell in love with it. We sat upstairs by the window and you get an amazing view of the entire city of Pittsburgh. We got there at 530 pm while it was still light outside and got to watch the transformation from day to night and it was truly a sight to see.Our server Sarah was amazing. She was very attentive and personable, and answered all of our questions.  Great service.The food was outstanding. They give you complimentary popcorn, the days flavor was truffle! How sick is that?! Truffle popcorn?! Yes please! Then we got a complimentary little bite of seviche w/ cilantro & butternut squash served on a fancy apple slice (don't remember the name of the apple). Then we ordered the oysters appetizer. My girlfriend wanted to get them because she's never tried them before. I'm not crazy about oysters but I let her go with it because it's her birthday weekend...and these oysters were the best I've ever had. They were covered with an amazing salsa verde that was a perfect blend of spice that made the oysters really shine.The main courses were sublime. My girlfriend ordered the salmon with risotto & mushrooms and it was delicious. I ordered the special which was a black grouper encrusted with porcini mushrooms, black garlic risotto and sauteed broccoli rabe. I do don't care for the broccoli rabe but that was literally the only thing from the entire night that I didn't like. For dessert we split the black truffle cheesecake which was spectacular. It was served with pistachio praline, vanilla infused tangerines, and homemade vanilla bean ice cream. Ridiculous!
5	Wonderful! Dined here for a team dinner with work colleagues and loved both the food and the service. Pork chops were delicious and enormous and the desserts were all tasty. Service was impeccable. Even when we absentmindedly added a tip at the end for a large group, they called to say they figured we didn't want double gratuity and would only charge us the original amount!
5	We went here for my birthday celebration and I wasn't disappointed. A great view of the city with contemporary decor (nice change from the stuffiness of other longtime Mt. Washington favorites)From the flavored popcorn to the variety of fresh breads the meal was off to a great start. Everyone in my group enjoyed their starters (baby kale, watercress salad and sea scallop), entrees (chilean sea bass/special, line caught halibut, butternut squash ricotta gnocchi and filet mignon) and the variety and creativeness of the mocktails and cocktails. Our nine year old rated the dinner 100 thumbs up :)Table service was attentive We plan on a return trip!
5	Wow. One of the best modern American restaurants I have been to in the Pittsburgh area. Overall an excellent place for a date given well-prepared and flavorful food, a fantastic view of the city and great atmosphere. Ambience:Having been to some of the neighboring restaurants in Mt. Washington, I can comfortably say this place has one of the best views. It is perched a bit higher than LeMont although without the ceiling to floor windows. I was a huge fan of the modern decor, which is a welcome change from LeMont and Monterey Bay next door. Food:Kudos to Chef Jessica! I had the short rib and holy hell was it moist and flavorful. I'm not a big red meat fan overall but I would return for that dish any day. The asparagus on the side was a bit bland and greasy but the risotto made up for it. The real winner of the night was the Pumpkin Cheesecake- creamy, well-spiced with plenty of pumpkin flavor! Definitely not for the non-pumpkin enthusiast. One of the best desserts I have had in quite some time. Price:Since it was a special event I didn't have to foot the bill, but based on their menu, expect to pay the usual Mt. Washington premium (~$50-75 per person). That being said, on the right occasion, it's well worth it.
5	Great dinner! Its relatively pricey, but worth it!
5	This place was fantastic.  The food was amazing.  The service was superb.  Happy to have this gem in our neighborhood.
5	The food and service was incredibly good! We had pork chop and the lamb and they both were very delicious. Their vanilla ice cream had me licking the plate clean! And to top it all we had the best view in the city.
5	Recently went here with my gf to celebrate and had a pleasant surprise.  The updated interior, menu, staff, awesome food were all on point and somehow the tab was only around $100 before tip.   This included a few vodkas (kettle one)  and a few glasses of wine.  Short review but long story short this place had good food,  better service and was well under what I expected to pay.   I will be back again.!
1	I wish I could actually rate this place (yelp made me put atleast one star), but after three attempts at making a reservation for New Year's Eve I have given up and decided to go with our back up reservation at Eleven. I called at the beginning of November and they said they only take reservations 30 days in advance - understandable. So, I made a note on my calendar and called on December 1st. But, I was informed that they were still not taking reservations until tomorrow or the next day. Called back today and they said they started taking reservations yesterday (I guess after I called at 3PM?) but they still could only take my name and number and call me back in 24-48 hrs because the girl organizing all the reservations didnt work today and only one person was taking reservations to "keep it simple"...yea, simple for them. I'm not trusting this place with my New Year's Eve reservations if they are giving me thing much of a runaround....maybe next year Altius.
5	Took my wife to Altius for her birthday dinner and we were both quite impressed with this eatery.  Everything you hope for in a fine dining experience was covered here, in spades.  Decor?  Modern and elegant.  Ambiance? Unbeatable skyline view.  Food?  Nothing short of spectacular.  Service?  Felt like we were being waited on by 10 people.  We look forward to our next opportunity to dine at Altius, because our first experience there was wonderful!
