5	LOBSTER, SUSHI & CRAB OH MY!!!I was surprised by how many people who go to Las Vegas don't know about the Seafood Buffet at the Rio Casino Hotel!  I've been to all the buffets in Vegas but the Rio has to be the BEST when it comes to SEAFOOD!Their sushi is fresh and delicious, the lobster tails & Alaskan King Crab legs are steaming and HOT just drenched in butter, they have prime rib & rack of lamb that's tender & yummy!  They also have a Mexican & Chinese station for people who don't like seafood.  OOh and the Dessert Station is awesome!  They have all kinds of pies, eclairs, tarts, brownies, rice crispy treats, cream puffs, chocolate & custard fruit cups (my fav) & ice cream *drool* soooo good!The price is $35 and the line is ridiculously long so get there early!
5	OMG! If you love seafood and you love them in buffets then you HAVE to hit this one... even though it's off the strip I'd rate it higher in my books than the bellagio buffet and that's saying a lot.  Here's the list of the delicous delectable sea creatures I devoured that night: shrimp, clams, mussels, crab legs, lobster tails, oysters.  Well, the oysters weren't as fresh as I'd liked them to have been, but the lobster and crab legs sure made up for it.  They had so many shrimp dishes too:... think bubba gump in forrest gump.   my favorite of the shrimp dishes was the asian prepared kind with the head and shell and tail still on it and fried with a spicy dry salty coating.  YUM!  They don't have much meat if that's what you're usually after....prime rib and ribs.  I loved the dessert too. There were these little chocolate cups filled with a not too sweet custard (perfect!) and fresh sweet berries. I think I got 8 of them and only ate the berries. I love blackberries.  YUM! I will definitely return to this buffet the next time I'm in Vegas.
3	Ehhh... We were totally looking forward to this buffet, especially with the lobster tails, but sadly it disappointed. The quality of the seafood was decent, but wasn't superb. For the price of the buffet, you're better off visiting Wynn. Granted they don't have as much seafood as this one, but the quality of the food is three times over way more superb. If you're staying at a large casino hotel, stop by your concierge for a "what's on las vegas" magazine, there's a coupon in there every other month for a 10 dollars off coupon for this buffet. Now at 24.99, its more of a 4 star buffet. Lobster was hit or miss. Some tails were mushy (dead lobster) some where more fresh. Crab was ok, they didn't have dungeness which was a bummer. Oysters were hit and miss too. The upside was that the dessert was awesome, but not worth the 34.99 price tag or the 24.99 post coupon tag. Definately a place to try out once for the gluttony of eating 29 split lobster tails.
4	Long lines but worth it!
4	This has to be my favorite buffet in Vegas.  The last time I went there for dinner it was $43.  Kinda pricey, but worth it.  Anyways, you will win that money back at the tables, right? ;-)I absolutely love the desserts and the quality of the sashimi they serve there.  CRAB, CRAB, CRAB Galore!  And they cut it the long way so you can MAXIMIZE your crab eating and MINIMIZE the cracking and opening of the shell.Hmmm, I better look into that coupon everyone is talking about in these reviews for the $10 off.  And I'm not sure why I paid $43 when it looks like everyone else is paying $34.99.  Well, even at $43, I would still recommend this place (for dinner).
5	This has to be one of the best seafood buffets in las vegas! You can eat unlimited king crab legs, slipper lobsters, sushi, and prime rib. Be sure to get there early or gamble enough so you can go in the vip line. The line can get long but definately worth the wait.
5	This was fabulous as far as buffet's go !!! Crab legs, and Shrimp, and Slipper Lobster Tails, so many things to choose from.  We left stuffed, and feeling that we got our moneys worth big time !!! Someone in line gave us a $10 off coupon for the buffet as well, so that made it more affordable !!
5	This is my all time favorite buffet in Las Vegas because of seafood. I'm also a humongous fan of crab. It's worth the price.buffet + crab = HeavenI go here whenever I visit Las Vegas!
4	Best Las Vegas buffet by far.  I usually stick to the crab, lobster, sushi and prime rib...because I want to get my money's worth and because it requires the least preparation on their end.  Most of the other entrees are mediocre. I usually have a couple oysters cause I feel I have to but they're never really any good.  I don't have a big sweet tooth - but I do like their variety of desserts.
5	Disclaimer before you come to the Rio Seafood Buffet: you MUST love seafood!  If not, go to the Carnival buffet.  That being said, let me proceed with my review of the gluttony I experienced.First off, I love salmon sashimi.  That is probably my favorite dish.  Rio has salmon... TONS OF IT.  I was in salmon heaven, baby!  I always get a plate full of salmon sashimi.  Their sashimi cuts are generous and not thin and stingy like many other places I've been to.  Plus, the salmon tastes fresh, it is possibly some of the best salmon I've had.They of course, have other other dishes, which include the lobster, shrimp cocktail, crab legs, prime rib (to name a few).  All are good.  The prime rib here tastes ok, but not as good as the Mandalay Bay one.  Then again, I didn't come here for the prime rib.Their dessert bar is smaller than the Bellagio & Wynn buffets, but it is suffice.  After swallowing everything in my path, there is hardly any room for desserts.The price is slightly lower than Bellagio & Wynn, so it's a bit on the pricy side.  As with other hotels, if you have the Platinum or Diamond players cards, you shoot to the front of the line and get a table right away... woo hoo!
5	I sat for 3 hours only getting up once to refill my food, basically show my Mister what I wanted him to bring me thereafter.  I had one piece of prime rib, one plate of shrimp, probably 1 pound or so, and then endless crab legs.  I could tell that the waiter was getting a little irritated by my non-stop shelling of crabs.  After a while he just kind of let the shells pile up and onto the table.  It wasn't his money that bought the crabs so I didn't feel bad for eating so much.  I ate well over my money's worth.  I really wanted more crab and some dessert but the Mister pushed me out of there because they were closing up and we were the only people left besides the workers putting food away.  *Sigh*
5	This is wonderful. We waited about 2 hours to sit, but played the slots and watch the fun music bead throwing going on at the bar! Great place and yummy food. worth the wait!
2	I didn't think it was worth $40 to eat at this place.  All they had were some crab legs, shrimp and lobster tails.   I'm a big fan of Maine/Canadian lobster, but they only had California or Florida lobsters.   They didn't have much else except for a salad bar, and little bit of fruit.  I guess their dessert bar was pretty nice.  For $40 buffet, I was expecting a pasta station, some warm buns, and all the stuff that most buffets have in addition to the seafood.
4	One of the attractions for Las Vegas are buffets that offered throughout the strip.  This one is a definite must who into seafood.  Lobster tails, crab legs, shrimp, salmon, and so much more, this place is almost like seafood heaven for anyone that is really into eating seafood.  If I only had time to eat one meal throughout the whole day, I would go to Rio's Village Seafood Buffet
4	The $10 coupon probably made me like this place a lil more. To compare, I definitely think Bellagio is better but Rio Seafood holds its own. The prime rib and salmon sashimi highlighted my trip here. Great selection overall, tons of seafood if thats not obvious. A few turnoffs include unpeeled cocktailed shrimp, unsplit skinny crab legs, and unfresh giant prawns. Tons of decadent deserts but they are all behind the glass and you have to ask for them (portion control??? not that it worked for me just thought it was weird) Come early or you'll spend most of your time lining up and trying to catch mardi gra beads they be tossing.
5	Oh I love the seafood buffet at the Rio, this is definately on my must go list whenever I travel to Vegas, it is all worth the $40 you pay to get your fill of all you can eat crablegs.  Last time I was there all I ate was the crab and prime rib!I was in a major coma status after I was done eating here!
5	Best Seafood Buffet in Vegas!  Beware though, need to come here REALLY early, otherwise you'll be spending most of your precious vacation time waiting in line!We came here at 6 pm and had to wait about 15 minutes for a table.  For $40 a pop, we hit the MOST expensive area 1st!  They have the snow crabs, and a seafood stew type combo consisting of baby lobster tails, jumbo shrimps, and scallops.  They also have one of the juiciest prime rib available.  Also available were crawfish; salmon; sushi (not much of a sushi fan!).  They made seafood in many different ways such as Chinese style (clams, mussels, crabs, and shrimp stir fry) or just Japanese seafood Udon stir fry.
4	I kept hearing about how good the buffets were at The Rio, so we finally checked it out. Luckily we made it before the rush (around 5:30pm) so we only waited in line for about 10 minutes. The spread looked pretty impressive, but I didn't want to fool around and get full off of the mediocre stuff - I WENT STRAIGHT TO THE LOBSTER TAILS & PRIME RIB. I can honestly say I probably finished the equivalent to 8-10 lobster tails and about 3 hefty slices of prime rib. For $39.86, I'd say that's a pretty good deal. Not to mention, the desserts are of  5 star quality as well. Next time, I gotta make it a point to check out the Carnival Buffet...
4	while in line you can pay by credit card at a kiosk, but be prepared to pay in full including the gratuity. it comes out to about $40 per person... just like the other posts, the main reason to go here is to stock up on the seafood. forget about all the pasta dishes, rice, and any other carbs. head straight for the lobster tails and crab legs, and fill your whole plate up with that. rinse, repeat, and repeat again till your belt buckle tightens up...
4	CLOSED UNTIL MARCH 2008, their website says - I love YELPers and now I'm fishin' for other seafood extravaganzas in Sin City.  Waiters laugh when I seem to eat my weight in seafood - it must vaporize on contact with my Scandanavian DNA, or maybe it's something even more primal . . . I guess I'll see Sea Monsters on IMAX at the Luxor, then be one somewhere else.
4	You might have to wait in line for a minute, but if you like or love seafood it's worth the wait.  Best seafood buffet i've had in Vegas so far and from what i hear it's usually rated pretty high.  Food is so good u just want to keep eating.  Huge selections of seafood, all prepared in a number of delicious ways, fried, baked, grilled, breaded, raw.......if you have an appetite for seafood this is the place to go.
4	the waiting line for this place is crazy...but is well worth the wait if your a seafood person. there nothing but seafood here. all you can eat fresh oyster and crab legs? oh man...you cant beat that.
5	THE BEST BUFFET EVER!!!i know the price for buffet here is ridiculous but trust me, it's well worth your money!i normally go here everytime i visit vegas, and always stack up the oysters on half shells!
5	One of the best seafood buffets Ive ever been to.  Its really expensive but worth it if your down to splurge.
4	I came here with family in 1999.  I believe I had a lot of fried seafood and a lot of shrimp cocktail (the quintessential Vegas food) and raw oysters.  I  got one of the worst case of food poisoning I've ever had.  We drove down to check out a bunch of colleges in so cal.  I remember throwing up in multiple college campuses including UCLA, the school I ended up going to.  Since 1999, I've been back here a few times and no food poisoning so they're okay in my book again.  I think the key is to not overdo the cold or raw seafood as they are breeding grounds for bacteria.
5	If you love seafood as much as I do, the Rio Seafood Buffet is a must.While it's one of the pricier buffets in town (something like $40 per person), nowhere else can you get such a deal on unlimited seafood. You could easily cover the cost of the buffet by eating say.. four lobster tails. Or three dozen oysters on the half shell. Or a mountain of crab legs. Or a couple plates of sushi and sashimi. Or deep fried catfish. Or grilled swordfish steaks. Or a heaping plate of shrimp cocktail. Or fried clams. Or steamed mussels. Or.. or.. or.. Every imaginable seafood in a variety of preparations.It's amazing. Heavenly. ENDLESS SEAFOOD. I spent 3 hours eating here once. And I wanted to do it again the next day.
5	The best buffet to go to when you're craving seafood! The buffet was a bit pricey (about $50 a person), but it could easily be paid off with the unlimited lobster tails, shrimp, oysters, raw salmon, etc. Every time family or friends come to visit, I always suggest this buffet. I'm excited to see the new buffet, as it is still under renovation. Hopefully, it will be bigger (and I bet a lot nicer!). Seafood....yum.
4	This is the buffet for seafood lovers. All you can eat lobster tails! Of course, they are on the salty side. Actually, many items were on the salty side. Drink up that water and get full!
5	OH MY GOSH SHRIMP HEAVEN. If a buffet ever tasted too good to be true, its village seafood. I wish all buffets were like this! All you can eat shrimp shrimp shrimp lobster crawfish and they have this one shrimp tail looking thing I don't know what its called but it's absolutely TO DIE FOR! Cholesterol overload, but I don't care! Definitely getting our moneys worth. Then afterwards, head over to the dessert area and get yourself a red velvet cupcake. Yay! Other good stuff too creme brulee, a variety of cakes: carrot, chocolate, vanilla...etc. When you're in vegas, this is a must try buffet.
4	For around $40 per person...try to get your money's worth! Eat all the lobster tails, all the shrimps, and all the crab legs you can get your hands on! Our group of 6 waited for an hour and a half to get into this place!Totally worth the wait! Their dessert selection is not that bad either!  Try the mango mousse cake...it's delicious!
5	Every year I go to Vegas this is the only definate restaurant that I have to hit up.  The only LOBSTER buffet in town. Creativity - your choicePresentation - your choiceService -4 reasonableAtmosphere - dont care (ALL YOU CAN EAT LOBSTER)Flavor - (ALL YOU CAN EAT LOBSTER)Execution - good
5	Exceeding every seafood fantasy you could have ever imagined ... be preapred to saturate your taste buds with all the lobster, sushi, crab legs and shrimp prepared in every conceivable way you could imagine!  Be forewarned, ladies and gents ... wear comfortable clothing and forget about calorie counting ... indluge indulge indulge b/c to do so otherwise would deprive you of seafood bliss!  By far my favorite buffet in Las Vegas ... I always take home a crab leg as a souvenir to hold me over until the next time I return ... I suggest you do the same.  =P  Oh, also the desserts are mouth watering and you can't help but want to dip yourself into the mountains of perfectly decorated and decadent sugary displays.  Truly orgasmic.  You can go wrong here folks!
5	If you like to eat come here, good food, good service, nice atmosphere. The reason I love this buffet is the vaule, with the amount of sushi, lobster, and shrimp me and my people put away this place is baragin. I wouldn't waste $40 on all you can eat pasta, veggies, or crepeseven if it is "gourmet". This is real food and good quality so come here ready to chow down.
5	I LOVE THIS BUFFET!!! Everytime I come to vegas, (2-4 times per year) I ALWAYS make sure to hit up the Village Seafood Buffet.  Since their  recent remodel, they've increased the cost, but there are some $10 off coupons floating around, so you can still pay about $30.  I'm a huge fan of seafood, and love crab legs, lobster, and oysters, and this buffet has ALL of it.  They also have sushi and other non-seafood dishes for those that don't really like seafood.  Although, if you really don't like seafood, I don't recommend this buffet since you're paying an awful lot of money for regular food.  Their double fudge brownies are to DIE for and they have a prety good selection of gelato.  So basically, if you're heading to vegas, this is the place to go eat.  Enjoy! :D
4	1 star for excellent crab (hot crab legs, cold crab legs, cold crab claws, crabs in rice, crab in jambalaya...)1 star for excellent lobster (lobster with the butter dipping sauce OMG!!)1 star for excellent shrimp cocktail (cold)1 star for deliciously scrumptious desserts.  mint gelato. yogurt gelato. cookies and cream gelato. pistachio gelato.  cheesecake. fruit tart. creme brulee. cupcakes. pecan cake. chocolate cakes. etc etc etc (the list is endless)1 star for fresh sashimi (tuna, salmon, yellow tail..etc)-1 star for not so fresh oyster.... last time i came it was much better (before the remodelling)BRING BACK THE TASTY OYSTERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I LOVE SEAFOODDDDDD
4	I'm not a big fan of buffets, but this one is actually OK.  If you like sea food it's like you died and went to mediocre seafood heaven.  I mean it's not 4 star quality food, but it is good for what it is.  All you can eat seafood.  The best part is when you go and there is alot of people, there is a huge line... and then when you get in there is even a bigger line for the lobster and crab.  This doesn't effect the rating because it's a buffet in Las Vegas.  it just makes me feel like a dweeb for standing there when people bum rush the lobster station when they see the new delivery come in.  All I can remember was my friend was pissed cause we made him go with us and he didn't want to pay.  He proceeded to get his moneys worth by shelling lobster, shrimp, and crab, piling it into a huge bowl, drizzling it with butter and eating it like cereal.It was the most disgusting/awesome thing I have ever seen.4 stars buffet wise...the only buffet in Vegas better is the Wynn
2	Not sure if I had unexpectedly higher expectations from reading all the raving reviews of this newly renovated buffet at the Rio, but I thought it was overpriced ($41/person) for the selection of seafood and desserts.The utensils were also dirty or have very heavy water stains, which were still nicely wrapped in a napkin.  If you want real lobsters, you will have to have a coupon or pay extra for it. The tiny lobster and shrimp dish was good, but overly salted.The Chinese food, were not very good (dim sum station's steamed shrimp dumpling had really thick doughy skin; the food looks like it has been hot-held for hours or just overcooked). The Japanese sushi station had just the low end selection of tuna, salmon, California rolls, and shrimp tempura rolls and a few other, but definitely nothing fancy or higher end). The prime rib and tri-tip station is hit and miss, depending on if you got there when they have the left overs or new roasts.The dessert station had a fair selection of sweet treats, but due to understaffing, the guests soon empty the dessert selections and it was a long wait to individually order desserts from the staff manning the pastry station.I do like the decor and the spacious design of the dining area, although it is relatively small compared to the buffet at the Wynn or Bellagio.In my opinion there are far better values at other Strip buffets. So it is cool to try once and check it off of your Vegas To-Do list, but I doubt I will vote to go here again in the future.Oh yeah, they do have a full bar, but the drinks you order will cost extra.
5	After deciding this would be my 1 buffet experience in Vegas, I determined I should go right before my drive home, since I'd likely be in a food-induced coma and unable to move for a few hours and take any touristy Vegas pictures without looking 8 months pregnant.  Good decision? Yes.We got there at 3:45 - the buffet opens at 4, and there was already a line.  Luckily it moved fairly quickly, although it was pure torture to watch others digging into the mounds and mounds of cholesterolly goodness. Of course we copied everybody else and went straight for the crab legs, intent on filling ourselves up on these along with the other most expensive items in order to get our $ worth. Seriously, why pay $40 to eat rice or salad? WASTE OF STOMACH SPACE!! Well, the crab legs were delicious as expected, but honestly i ate a lot less than originally anticipated, bc they're a lot more time consuming to eat than the other dishes. We got coupons from some street guy for fresh steamed lobsters, which made up for about half the buffet cost in themselves. Other than that, they had these AMAZING things called 'lobster slipper tails' that sort of look and taste like jumbo shrimp, but with a hint of lobster. Accompanied by approximately 5 gallons of hot melted butter, I couldn't think of a better way to end my trip to Vegas! The dessert bar looked good, and the gelato was fair, but I only partook of them in moderation, since I actually had to drive home, instead of my boyfriend who could just sit in the passenger seat in a half-dazed state and b*tch about feeling morbidly obese for 3.5 hours.Overall, I would definitely return w/ family or close friends, or a long term boyfriend, but not with anybody you're worried about making a good impression on. We were there for about 2 hours and spent about 1/3 of that time getting food, and 2/3 stuffing our pieholes. Probably not the most romantic meal possible, but ehh..
5	Probably my favorite buffet in Vegas (with Bellagio coming close).  If you like seafood, then this is the buffet you want to hit.The last time I was there, I went with 3 of my friends.  I'm the smallest in size of the four of us, but I have a hollow leg.  My friends weigh anywhere from 200 to 280 pounds.  I put down so much food (mostly lobster tail) that my 280 lb friend got sick watching me eat and had to leave the restaurant :)
4	This buffet lives up to its name!  We sat for 2 hours, eating enough crustaceans and other food to fill a small bay!  OK, I exaggerated, but its so worth the $38.My hubby said the oysters were just OK; they were a little frozen from sitting in ice for awhile.  Avoid the fried food.  The dessert section is DAH BOMB!  Gelato, cheesecake, tarts, etc....I think I just turned into a diabetic.
5	2 dozen oysters. 30 cocktail shrimp. 6 king crab legs. cookies. cheesecake. chocolate. fresh fruit. $38.Coming back to the hotel room and getting on the scale to find myself with a 5 pound seafood baby about to pop.Priceless.Hands down the BEST seafood buffet in town! Don't even bother with any of the other buffets  (except perhaps the Wynn's) because this one definitely hits the spot!I think this might be the place where the SO officially got it through his head that I'm a piggy!
3	The Village Seafood Buffet has failed me yet again :o(Here's why they would have had 5 stars in my book:-  Large selection of crustacean prepped in many possible combinations-  Prime rib with a yummy dry rub outside-  Fruits and veggies to balance it out-  All the dessert your heart desiresAnd here's why they lost star number 1.  They closed for remodeling and were going to open the day after i was leaving.  I know partially not their fault ... bad timing on my part but still i didn't get my seafood buffet that i was yearning for.As for star number 2.  After the remodel they took away lunch.  Hopefully third times a charm.
4	YUMMY!!!  This was my first visit to the reknown buffet.  The crab legs weren't the biggest, however, they were full of flavor!  I got two plate fulls, it was so good.  Also, the other hot food was good, they had a good selection of Asian (Japanese and Chinese).  I loved the fact that they had salmon sashimi, I swear my bf and I ate about 20 pieces.Then, when we did move over to dessert, there were way too many to choose.  During this past trip, we went to Paris and Luxor's buffet too, but the Rio's dessert bar was simply the best.  Creme brulee was cooked perfectly, good selection of gelato, and other great tarts/cakes.  I want to go back!!!!!
4	05.10.08: SEAFOOD! I'm allergic to Shrimp so what?!? I came here for the crab legs! I made sure I got my moneys worth. I ate everything there..seriously I did a mini sample. Then on the next round I went back for what I really liked.Three plates of crab legs..the hot ones..too salty..But it didn't stop me from eating. Two plates of crab legs again but this time the cold ones. freaking good.One plate of meat: prime rib and rib eye..not that great chewyOne plate of sushi: It was alright..I didn't really like it as muchOne plate of pasta: Yum I love pasta this was actual good to meTwo plates of shell stuff: clams, oysters, mussels..etc..That was my second round. Plus I got two ice creams. O my goodness it was heaven!I would come here again but only with my brother. Without the VIP status the wait was about two hours..No way!
5	This is totally worth the money! Went around 7pm on a Thursday and paid $40 + tip.Everything tasted fresh and was moist and delicious. I think I ate $40 of lobster tails alone! There ae some non-seafood items, but not enough to warrant a trip for non-seafood eaters.
4	I am giving this place 4.5 stars. I went there on a night where it was so packed the line went from the front door to almost I dont know how long. All i know was that it was so long we waited an hour and got buzzed/drunk before we actually sat down to eat. I ate baby lobster, roast duck and their desserts + pistaccio ice cream. That was all I emembered after the alcohol consumption but I still give it two thumbs up.SORRY i meant crawfish.. I was probably still intoxicated when writing this entry LOL
3	I got crabs while shrimping it.The crab legs were good at first and then you get to the second one and it gets salty. Probably to deter all the leg lickers... 4 stars.The popcorn shrimp is good... 5 stars.Shrimp was kinda mushy but decent... 3.5 stars.Oysters were not good. I threw them aways because I felt like I was sucking on a mushy nickel... 0 stars.Dinner price $ 40.95
3	This was the final stop along the Cee'z bachelor party express. It had been a couple of years since I had been back to this seafood buffet. From what I recall Nina and I were there back in 2004. Anyway, they remodeled the interior giving the restaurant a modern feel to it; we spent the entire day rocking the Mandalay Cabana with our entire crew so it was hard for us to get out to the restaurant early. Matter of fact, we barely got to the restaurant the place stopped serving at 10:30pm, it was 9:30 pm, so we went into a wasteful craze and ran through the crab legs, oysters, lobster and shrimp in a vacuum like manner.The place is a little on the pricey side when compared to other buffets, but considering we did not have to stand in line and that the food was good; I was willing to spend the money.
2	Came here with a few colleagues on a recent meeting, one of them recommending it.The place is huge. They have 2 sides/lines of the same items, so you can pick which side has the least people. The assortment is grand. I haven't gone to any other buffet that has the assortment of dishes, seafood, pastries, and desserts as this buffet.But the quality just isn't on par with some of the others in the same price range. There were several people waiting for the crab legs and I had to wait for about 5-10 min. Some of the seafood like the baked mussels and shrimp cocktail just didn't seem that fresh and I didn't finish what I took which is rare.Although decent, I rather goto the Wynn, Mandalay Bay, or Planet Hollywood which are on the strip. Being that this is on the opposite side of the freeway from the strip, I wouldn't go outta my way coming back.
5	Definitely the best buffet in Las Vegas!! All you can eat seafood - sushi, lobster tail, crab legs etc!  They also had great modern music playing which also made the place fairly hip.  The one gripe i had was the fact that there was a 15% gratuity added on for parties of 10 or more.  We had to split our group into 2... 9 and 7...  All the food was great.  I was never a lobster fan but the baby lobster tails were cooks well and were not rubbery which I am used to.
4	One of the better buffets specializing in Seafood and lots of it.  Everything from lobster, shrimps, crawfish, to oyster.  Good selection.  But don't forget to save room for desert.  For a buffet, the desert was pretty good.
4	It's a very good buffet, though pricey.  It's much better than Rio's World's buffet.Yes, all sorts of dead sea creatures served for your gastronomic pleasure.
4	It was all about the crab legs for me here! We waited 2 hours to get into this freakin place. We had an afternoon flight and I hadn't eaten, when I saw the line snaking it's way around the casino I wanted to cry! I was so hungry. We had a party of six so two of my cousins stayed in line and my other cousin and I snuck over to McFaddens for a drink and some appetizers. This held us over for the 2 hour wait to come.Very expensive, about $40 a person so you better come here with an appetite to make it worth it. I won't write about anything other than the seafood and dessert because let's be honest who comes here for the other stuff anyway.Mini-lobster: Eh...so my cousin was raving about the lobster, but I felt a little cheated because they were mini and frankly not that good. Not too much flavor and since people get greedy and pile their plates full of this stuff I was left with the soggy dregs of lobster on the bottom. I had a few of these but didn't come back for more. Crab Legs: I must be fascinated with the art of digging out the crab meat from those long spindly shells, because I kept coming back for more. I like my seafood simple so steamed crab legs, warm or cold is right up my alley. Dip it in a little clarified butter, Delish!Dessert: They had Gelato which is always a good bet. The cakes and such come in mini servings which is great for someone as indecisive as me when it comes to sweets. Try everything!
2	granted that i'm really not a seafood or a buffet person, so my opinion didn't count..lol.... but everyone else in our party was really excited about eating here... and they all had a complaint about something...the oysters weren't cold, the crab legs were salty, the desserts were pretty but not tasty, etc.. We did have a great waitress  who kept our drinks filled and if we would have had an excess of used plates she would have been on top of it I'm sure.... but next time we'll go elsewhere
4	Mark and I really enjoyed ourselves in the end.  It was a long road to get here and our main objective was to be gluttons and eat at the seafood buffet!  And in all the waiting and standing in line, we were greeted with a wonderful waitress who took good care of us and made sure my 45 oz. margarita was filled to the brim.... yes, as she was about to deliver it to me, she stopped and said, "I'm gonna go back to the bartender and tell her to fill up your glass, you should get your money's worth, shouldnt you?"  Yes I should, thank you!  Everyone's raving about the crab legs, but I was raving about the lobster tails soaked in melting butter!  To top that off, I was still dipping them in melted butter!  The desserts, I can't believe I still had room in my little (well not so little, I guess) tummy for desserts, but i managed and I'm glad I didnt skip out on them!  SOOOOOO good!The one thing I was disappointed was that, there were no oysters when we were there.... booo
5	i really enjoyed this buffet because it really does live up to its name, they really  focus on seafood. i didn't even bother to eat the prime rib, and im a big fan of prime rib. i liked everything and its worth the 40 bucks. the world buffet in rio is ok, they have many selections but the seafood buffet is a must!
1	I haven't been here since my first ever outing to Las Vegas--which was about 3 years ago. Back then, my taste buds may have had more mercy, but I don't remember the Village Seafood Buffet being so horrible before.To keep it brief, the seafood should be the star of the show here, but I found it hardly better in quality than my local AYCE Asian food restaurant. The sashimi/sushi was nothing to rave about--some pieces were not even fresh. The oysters were so small in size, it felt like I had to eat about 5 to get a decent size worth. Add to that they tasted very poor in quality. Nothing special. Most people were lining up for the crab legs (which I think you can get pretty much anywhere at LV buffets these days) and the lobster tails (which again, seemed a bit off in quality). The lobster was mixed in with all these other seafoods I think to detract your attention from how sucky the lobster really were.The line to get into the restaurant is ridiculous and even after you get in, you'll have to wait in another outrageous line to get food. They don't have great food to accompany your seafood at all either. If I had gone here for my first ever seafood experience, I would definitely be turned off by seafood. By dessert time, I wasn't even impressed with the selection. My gelato tasted like peach lotion. I really didn't get my money's worth. To pay for the cab to get to this buffet and back + the actual cost does not add up to the experience I actually had. On top of that, the first thing I did when I got back to my room was use the restroom and sleep right after (mind you it was only 11:00 pm in VEGAS).It's bad when the highlight of the night is your apple juice drink.I won't be coming back ever. Steer clear mateys!
4	We came here on our last night a couple of trips ago.  I was totally done with drinking by then (our 6th? 7th? day in sin city - something has GOT to give)  What I wasn't done with yet, was food.We saddled up to just about every station, and ate and ate .. and when we didn't think we could get any more down - we got up and did it again.I've never seen a dessert buffet so amazing as this one.  Really impressive.   Worth the money, and crazy thing - after talking with a few of my friends who are locals - this is where they hit up, to pig out  on the high end stuff.Not a huge fan of lobster, but I did down quite a bit of shell fish and crab and at least one or two sticks of melted butter to wash it all down.
5	Incredible!  Everytime I'm in Vegas, this is a must eat buffet for me.  What better way to spend $40 dollars.   If you're a seafood junkie like myself, this is the place.  It has a good selection of seafood and the best part is that it is really fresh.  THe oyster here are incredible considering it's an all you can eat joint.  But be fool by the name of the restaurant, but this place also have sushi, chinese, mexican, prime rib, etc.    Man, I think I came out of that place weighing 10 lbs heavier!
5	My family and I are buffet connoseiurs. I have been engaging in this sport for decades and the kids have been training since birth. In one phrase, this place is "the bomb". Outstanding snow crab legs and fresh ahi tuna for sushi. Many varieties of seafood inc shellfish and other cooked items. Gelato and other pastries for dessert. Ambience is clean and contempo. Service friendly and efficient. Striking contrast to the Mandalay Bay buffet, which was terrible and not at all cheap.
4	I think you can tell who are the locals versus tourists: tourists get everything they see, locals just get one huge plate of the crab legs.Take a hint from them, crab legs are awesome and the one thing that  gives this place 4 stars because man was this expensive. Still, probably one of the best buffets in Las Vegas, just be ready for a long line if you're there at lunch or dinner. Try their desserts, specifically the little cakes they have - much better than their version of sorbet although having  a server there made it a pleasant experience.
3	For a seafood buffet, this does have a pretty broad selection with king crab legs, raw oysters, mussels, raw clams, shrimp, crawfish, etc.  But I was somewhat disappointed with the lack of quality for the $38 price.  I ate and ate and ate, but it was just ok and seemed overpriced.  I think I'd rather go to the Bellagio buffet where the quality is higher for the same price.With so many choices for buffets in Vegas, this one doesn't do enough to stand apart from the rest.
3	I'm not someone who can eat a lot of seafood.  In fact, I'm allergic to anything related to shrimp or lobster!  That being said, I was able to stuff myself silly at this buffet.  The crab legs were amazing, as were the green lip mussels, the oysters, and the clams.  Everything was fresh, which was impressive for a desert buffet!    There were also many non-fish items to choose from, many of which I also enjoyed.   It doesn't compare to the Wynn, but it's certainly fun.  I have a pescetarian friend who would have been in 7th heaven here, but the fish-haters in my acquaintance would not have gone hungry here at all.  A great compromise buffet, and a perfect spot if you want dinner before Penn & Teller.
4	I took my hubby here because he loves seafood!  The price was about $40 per person, but it was worth for us.We ate a little bit of everything from lobster, crab legs, clams, mussels, oysters, etc.  You name it, we tried it.  This was our only  meal of the day because we knew we were going to eat here for dinner.  It's Vegas - we didn't sleep until around 5 or 6 am and slept until 4pm the next day - just in time for the seafood buffet!We've been here once and we're probably going to come back the next time we're in Vegas.
4	It's hard for me to rate a buffet as a 5 star since well, I don't think any buffet has any 5 star food, but I'll give this one as high one as I can - which would be 4.5For around the same price as all the other higher class buffets in Vegas, this one is aimed at giving everyone the best seafood, and it delivers!  Crawfish, Lobster, Oysters, King Crab legs, Snow Crab claws, shrimp, sushi (and sashimi) are all available.  There's also the necessary prime rib, chicken, and other ethnic foods, but who eats those!  All things are eaten up quickly so it's freshly restocked continuously, and the servers bring you buckets for shells and crackers for crab!The desserts were also amazing.  Specialty cupcakes, freshly baked donuts, and awesome gelato.  The only thing missing was fruit, uh yeah, don't know why they missed on that one.Overall, one of my favorite buffets - and will gladly revisit anytime.
5	Ok, I like the Bellagio buffet, but I am not use to eating the weird stuff they serve sometimes, some of the types of foods are too high and mighty for me. That is why I would totally recommend coming here for dinner instead. Rio buffet is the type of buffet you wish you had back at home. It has all sorts of great food. It's like the gourmet of everyday foods. Sushi, cuts of beef, crab legs (chilled and steamed), pad thai, seafood pasta (freakin excellent but i didn't eat too much of it cause i couldn't waste stomach space on pasta!) and a bunch more. For dessert I only focused on creme brulee, which was darn good too.
4	Ever have one of those small world experiences where you think you might be safe from running into someone you know, but then wham, there you are, in a town with hundreds of thousands of people and a plethora of hotels and restaurants and bam you are sitting next to a person you worked with for a total of 2 months and left that job because that person was such a royal ahem, let us just say interesting person? Well, that is what happened to me at this fine buffet restaurant. It was awkward to say the least, but I managed through with grace and dignity that my folks would be proud of.The food here is pretty good for a buffet. Large variety and the man was very happy as he loves seafood and sushi. The crab legs were watered down a bit, the shrimp still had shells and the crab in the sushi was krab, but those were the only negatives. The prime rib and fried shrimp were a deliciously fattening combination, that I particularly enjoyed but what made this buffet the best was the dessert bar with tons of flavors of gelato (really good gelato I might add) and some interesting cupcakes with different toppings and fillings. Good service with our soda and iced tea constantly refilled and plates taken away lickity split.I would come back here for sure and it is definitely worth the $40 per person.
4	I've heard a lot about the Village Seafood Buffet and finally got the try it for the first time this past weekend.I was not disappointed.  For all those seafood lovers out there, this is THE buffet to put on your list to try.  The price per person is $38.  They have all kinds of seafood at their "raw" section: salmon and tuna sashimi, sushi, king crab legs, raw oysters, raw clams.  They were all very fresh and being from SF, I know what fresh seafood tastes like and this place was close enough because it had to be frozen shipped from other places.  It is hard to find this large of a selection of seafood at other buffets on the strip.So why was this buffet not 5 stars??  Other than the seafood, the other selection was not as good. The meats and other stuff were mediocre and the dessert station had a lot of variety (such as the cool spinning gelato selector) but lacked something.If you are seafood lover, give the Village Seafood Buffet a try.
4	Great Great Great! This is a staple on my Vegas Trips.  By far the best Seafood Buffet I've Had in Vegas.  They have a large selection of Crab Legs (my Fave) Shrimp, Lobster and tons of other dishes.  They are a little on the Higher Price scale, I think it was about 40.00 For Sure it was worth it.  Our Server was amazing, even though the place was packed we never wanted for anything.  She was on top of all of our needs.   They have a really cool Ice Cream Wheel Selection thing, that has great Gelato.
4	Yummy Yummy Yummy! Love SEAFOOD and this place is great to go if you do! I love the Bellagio the best but this place is definitely worth the trip from the strip. Everything there was fantastic...no complaints at all!
3	So ever since my folks took me to this place when I was about 12-13 i have always looked forward to going back. I mean how many other places give you all you can eat oysters, small lobsters and the such. Everytime we go now, either with my folks, my GF or my friends, we always try to stop by and eat there. The last two times I went to Vegas, back in Feb 08 and Dec 07, the place was closed for renovations, sadly sadly we had to leave bootiful LV without exepriencing the spot.We went to LV in mid August, and one of the places we were looking forward to goto was this buffet. We got there really early around 4:30 or 5ish the reason being is that we had a show to catch around 7:00 at the Wynn and we had a very light breakfast. I remember the last few times we went, the line was always long as heck after 6:00, about an hour or so wait. But this being 4:30-5ish, there wasnt a line at all. There were already people within the place eating and such.The place isnt cheap let me tell you, $40 or so, not including tip. We sat down all excited about the oh so delicious food we were about to eat. Let's just say that we werent dissapointed, but we were raving about it so much so after we left. They still have the same basic staples that they have had forever, raw oysters, small lobster tails, fried everything, prime rib, etc etc. The place just didnt seem like it offered the same quality as before. They did do a remodel of the place but it was nothing worth noting. The selection seems to have shrank, there is more "filler" food than before now. In the asian section they used to do the small lobster tails with a slightly tangy spciy sauce, but no more. Now it was just reg. chinese buffet food you can find anywhere. The service was fantastic! The waiter we had was on top of things, such as clearing plates, drink refills, etc etc. Let me tell you, i can consume a whole lot of liquids throughout the course of a meal, maybe about 7-8 cups worth, no exagerration, just its always been that way for me. He was always making sure that my cup wasnt empty and that everything was taken care of. i think that is what brought this place to 3 stars.The food quality has gone down a bit, the selection has drastically gotten smaller and smaller. I guess we just wont be going to this place anymore, might as well spend the $100 at one of the Oyster Bars i have seen other Yelpers talk about here. The one highlight at the end of the meal was the ice cream, if you like pistachio as much as i do, oh boy will you enjoy the ice cream!All in all, i would go again only if it was free or if i had a buy one get one free coupon =)
1	Not sure why everyone is so in love with this. The price is steep (at least $40), most of the seafood they have is available on the finer buffets in town (Bellagio, Wynn) with the exception of lobster. The other buffets have wider variety and higher quality food, and I won't be coming back to the Village Seafood Buffet.Everyone needs to know that buffet lobster isn't all that special. It sits in a steam tray, it's overcooked and is so disappointing that you risk falling out of love with Lobster.
3	Went to this one with the folks.  The food quality was just OK.  A lot of the seafood gets tough sitting around too much and the other food variety just isn't there.  I thing the Wynn buffet is just better overall.  The location is tired looking as well.
2	I have no idea why this place is so popular. This is probably the buffet where I had to stand in line for the longest of times. The wait was about 1.5 hours, which is completely ridiculous when you taste the quality of the food. I think this place was also the most expensive, even topping Bellagio and Wynn. In my opinion, this place is totally over rated, and I would definitely choose to eat at Bellagio in a heart beat. The only good thing about this place is that you get to watch the free air show while you stand in line and put up with your growling stomachs. Oh yes to make things worse, when we stood in line there was a sneaky lady who tried to cut in. We had been standing there for over an hour, and this lady was probably 40 minutes behind us.  She pulled the oh-so-smooth "pretend to be-friend us, while carefully sneaking behind us in line and one by one bringing her husband, sister in law, kids, nephews, nieces into the line". Geez some ppl are so rude and dirty.Food wise, this place offers seafood that is not very fresh or tasty. Go to one of the other places in Vegas instead, or even the Rio Carnival World Buffet (in the same Casino); which I give 5 stars.
4	Yes, I overate. Doesn't everybody? Isn't that the point? Yes, some of the other "better" buffets around town have crab legs and/or sushi and/or a few of the other dishes. But this is the only place I know where you can literally sample everything seafood-wise you've ever heard of (just about). Wanna know if you prefer crab to lobster? This is the place for that side-by-side taste test you've been dreaming of.YES!! They had fried clams - something almost impossible to find in LA or Vegas. Yes to say Yes!
5	NEVER FAILS...Every time I come to Vegas I always eat the Rio Seafood Buffet and I have NOT ONCE been disappointed.  Thank you for staying true to the food lovers =)The hot steaming Alaskan King Crab legs are thick and juicy and the Lobster tails are my fav.  They have a huge selection of Sushi and Sashimi =)I've gotten so good at crackin the crabs the people sitting next to me just stared at me in amazement and said, "Wow you're a pro at this!" which I replied, "I should be I've been coming here for over 5 yrs!"  Seriously I think I'd whoop anyone's ass in a crab leg eating contest.... I got it down.... crack the middle part, slide the meat out nice and long ('that's what she said' haha) and dip in butter and into my tummy all in one quick smooth motion!  OMG I am such a fatty!  hahaha  I love it
5	Hooray for the unlimited crab legs!  I can't tell you how anything else tasted, because it was just about all I ate because I didn't want to waste any of that precious stomach space on filler food.It sucked standing in line for two and half hours to eat, but all was forgiven once I had a pile of crab legs in front of me.On a side note, Ari C. is an amazing eater.  I watched her devour eight sections of crab legs, that equates to eating four whole king crabs.
3	$40 for the best seafood buffet in town!if you're hitting the rio buffet during peak hours (weekends for dinner between 5:00pm - 8:00pm), make sure to be ready to stand in line.  We waited once for 1.5 hours to get into this buffet, and yes it was worth it.  Another time, we went in on Friday at 4:30pm and walked straight in.  the buffet is divided into the following sections/regional flavors of seafood:asian - chineseasian - sushihispanicamericanthe buffet also includes a great prime rib, massive assortment of dessert, and a gelato/ice cream/sorbet station.  the gelato/ice cream/sorbet station boasts a cooler that automatically spins to your selection.  GREAT.  make sure to ask for a good sized portion, otherwise you'll be given half of what your plastic bowl can handleavoid the raw bar....not top shelfthe crab legs are the exception and are great!the sushi selection isn't to die for, but is a step up from grocery store qualityremember to properly pace yourself!  if you do, you will easily be able to enjoy 4+ plates :)
5	Best buffet I've had in a long time... Crab, clams, mussels, oysters, salmon, tuna, steak, pork, chicken and so much more!  I was in heaven!  And a food coma afterwards!!!
2	Two stars because although they had hot crab legs, good popcorn shrimp, and decent sush and beer-boiled clams, everything else was just not good. I also should mention that out of the five of us who ate here, three got stomachaches, including myself.The prime rib was overly salty and not well-flavored. The oysters were disgustingly not fresh; I love oysters and I didn't even attempt to try to fnd a decent-looking, possibly edible oyster. They had cheesy mashed potatoes, which were okay. The fried clams were okay.The desserts were not good. There was a limited selection, and my sister, who was eating at the Carnival World buffet, saw them wheeling the fruit tarts from the Carnival buffet to the Seafood buffet. The fruit tarts were covered with FLIES. Ew. And I ate one too!The gelato was not good at all; they use artificial flavoring, and it was disgusting.All in all, I would not go back. There were only 3 or 4 items worth eating. Everything else was a waste of stomach space.
4	I wish we'd been able to sneak in when they changed over from lunch to dinner, but we were running errands (I know -- errands in las vegas?? it's a long story) & didn't feel like rushing.  We were expecting a line, but at 5:30, there were just 2 groups ahead of us, and we didn't have to wait for a seat at all.  Our waitress (for drinks) was super attentive in the beginning, then disappeared after 45 minutes & only hit up the tables around us.  I know, who can eat a buffet of food for 45+ minutes? I can, that's who.The snow crab legs were great -- both warm & cold, but hubby & I just couldn't figure out how to get those darn shells cracked so get at the skinny pieces.  The bigger claws (er, stone crab?) were just okay.  Surprisingly, I thought the chinese ribs were delicious, but I stayed away from most everything else, focusing only on the seafood.And the desserts. I seriously ate about $38 worth of desserts, considering I polished off 6 different kinds.  Soo bad for me, but mmmmmm -- I couldn't justify turning away trying these, b/c I didn't know when else I'd ever have available to me all these desserts which were seriously worthy of being listed separately on a menu, not just the crap desserts that get put out on buffets.  Surprisingly, my favorite was the chinese-style fried bread rolled in regular sugar (different than a beignet in my head); next would have to be a cross between this light lemon cheesecake, then the chocolate ganache-raspberry cake, some other chocolate dessert thing... oh, I'm losing track of everything.  Overall: yum.  I'd vote for trying this once, but I'm satisfied with my one-time visit. I'll put this$40 on our next trip towards either one of those half-price dinners you can get at the discount tix centers, or partly towards Bobby Flay or Emeril's places :D
4	It has been a few years since we've visited this mecca of a buffet. BF has issues with buffets but this one he thoroughly enjoys. We are lovers of good seafood and this place never disappoints. The crabs legs are always a favorite along with the mini lobster tails. You can get all kinds of shrimp: coconut shrimp, butterflied shrimp, shrimp cocktail, popcorn shrimp, skewered shrimp, shrimp won tons, shrimp fettuccine - do I sound like Bubba from Forrest Gump or what?!? For about $36 pp, you can't beat what you get here. The only complaint I had was someone's kid got sick and hurled all over the floor near our table. We had to suck it up and keep grubbing! I wasn't about to have this kid ruin my dinner!
4	How do you give four women simultaneous (food) orgasms?First take them to Vegas.  Then take them to Rio and stick them in a long-ass line, make them watch the same loud, lame show twice (and considering that show starts every hour, that gives you an idea of exactly how long that long-ass line was), and force them to see the same freaking faces all around them as they get hungrier and hungrier and crankier and crankier.  Basically the equivalent of taking them to see the English Patient on a first date.When you have about 30 minutes to go, shake things up a bit by getting two of them hammered off one drink from the casino bar.  (After all, it doesn't take much to get them going if their stomachs are *that* empty. http://static.px.yelp.com/photo/wHN6nbeG3TPvQlEAq1jQKw/l)Get them *just* to the point where they're saying, "goddammit, this better be damn good!" (http://static.px.yelp.com/photo/xg4EfS0b8ZOaYD0xwiBL1w/l)...then let them loose.No foreplay, NO FILLER!!!!!!Get straight to the point and take these women to the CRAB LEGS.  We're not talking costco style, salty-yet-still-bland, cut up the side for easy access crab legs...we're talking succulent, taste-like-they-just-came-out-of-the-wild-Bering Sea amazing morsels of heaven.  Seriously, food has never given me such pure joy.  Pure, pure, unadulterated crustacean-induced happiness.My dearest Village Buffet, you were so memorable, almost 2 months later, I'm still trying to figure out how to quit you.
4	I had never been so happy to get crabs.So happy that I ate 8 huge pieces of crab legs (the equivalent of 4 whole crabs).Ugh. I feel like a dirty whore.
4	$40 seafood buffet.they've remodeled in the past couple of years, and it looks brighter and nicer.for seafood buffets, it's kind of hit or miss.  We went in mid-late October, and the seafood was awesome.the crab legs (they look like snow crab legs) were sweet and meaty.  sometimes snow crabs at buffets are dried out and flavorless, but not the case here.they also had crab claws which were also very sweet (i've had my share of horrible crab claws).  the "er" months (september, october, november, december) are traditionally known as crab season, so maybe we hit the right time.i've been here a few times before, but this last time really stood out as being very impressive.
5	For seafood lovers like myself, it is definitely a must-go in Vegas.There are lobster, crab legs, shrimp, mussels, there is no sazae though...Price is $38. for the quality and variety it is worth it.Meat and other ethnic food look good too. Did not have room in my stomach for them though.
3	Walk in starving from standing in line for a hour and a half.  Leave feeling like a beach whale in search of a nap.  I will say the spread is vast and never ending.  The price is worth it considering the amount of seafood available to you.  You can get your money back with that first plate of crab legs.  Seafood paradise!
4	I actually haven't been here in years but I do remember it well.  I think if you love seafood, this place is totally worth it.  There was so much seafood I didn't know what to eat.  I think everyone generally goes for the crab as most of my friends did.  Since I've never been a big Alaskan crab fan, I ended up mostly seafood noodles.  Pretty good seafood noodles, but they really are just noodles with seafood.  For me it was not worth it because of what I like, but I definitely recommend it to those seafood lovers.
1	Okay, here is the only review you need.  I have been going to this buffet for more than a decade, possibly since its inception when the cost was $16.99, and also hold platinum membership at the Rio.  At that time the lobster and crab legs alone made this place for worth the cost. Then the cost went to $19.99, $24.99, 29.99, and $34.99.  All the while the quality increased at least in proportion with the cost. They added clams, an entire sushi bar, and always had high quality, fresh seafood no matter the preparation.  So, I recently visited once again in March 2008 to find that the buffet was under construction. I was disappointed since this is one of the reasons for my travel to the Rio. However I understood it was probably going to be a nice upgrade so anticipated a subsequent visit. I traveled to this RIo, stayed in an upgrade suite, and went to the buffet that night of arrival. Good night! MAJOR DOWNGRADE. Sushi bar cut in half as to selection, and freshness gone. Lobster - absolute disappointment! They were as small as crawdads and my company mentioned that they were in fact crawdads, and NO I did not mix them up with the crawdad section. Crab legs? Smaller than average and dirt and grime all over the shells, like they were just caught out of filthy infested waters. They upgraded the furniture like some sort of modern city joint - not the nice homely place it was. So to sum this up the buffet is worth $24.99 - not a dime more! Poor quality and lower than average. Better food at Todai, or Onami - franchise type seafood buffets. Side note - rooms poor quality, so overall perhaps this was recessionary effect.
4	I found that there was not enough of a variety of seafood. There was a vast quantity of shellfish, and not very much fish fish. Being a pescatarian (the only meat I eat is fish) I was looking forward to some of my favorite types of seafood, many of which, made no appearance at the buffet. I felt that the deserts overshadowed all of the seafood. They were my favorite of all of the eateries I visited that weekend. Anyway, all of the fish was  really fresh tasting, so that was definitely a good thing.
5	I know, 5 stars for a buffet.  But, this is as good as it gets for a buffet.   Really.  Unless of course, you can get it comp'd.
2	The lobster was pretty low quality.   I mainly came for that.   It was very expensive.. and eh.. I've had much better.  There was a long line as well.  The food was a step below Red Lobster.I won't be going back here again.
4	I am not a big fan of buffet, but when i am in Las Vegas,...i have never missed buffet here, it's fresh and the price is worth it.
3	I'm not a seafood fan, so I wasn't very impressed with the selection and the price. My friend was pleased with the crabs. Although, he suggests avoiding the hot ones as they seemed to have an overpowering salted water taste to them. The cold ones were more flavorful. I did like the selection of gelato, including their Elvis flavor, made with peanut butter, jelly, and banana. Also good was the pistachio flavor. Very nutty. If you're a seafood fan, I guess the $38 price can be worth it. The tempura shrimp seemed to have a bit too much breading. There does not seem to be Diamond Tier service there. I prefer to go to the other end of the Rio to the Carnival World Buffet and be pampered in the Diamond Tier seating area.
3	I've eaten here about 6 times over the past 10 years(when it USED to cost 27 bucks)....you should only come here and spend the 38 dollars if you love seafood and you have about 4 hours..1-2 hours to wait in line and 1-2 hours to eat. I was on a time crunch because we had to catch a show at 8pm at the Riviera so dessert was rushed for some of us. I LOVE their mini lobster tail things (I still have no idea what crustaceon that is) all you have to do is stick your fork in it, pull the meat out and dip it in lemon butter. Easy, breezy, and fatty. This is all I usually eat plus some shrimp and a little prime rib. I don't mess with crab legs because I HATE to peel those apart...if we had the time I might have eaten a few. I sampled some of the other choices...stayed away from the mexican food(nothing looked that great there and I don't want to waste stomach space for tacos), tried some asian noodles and duck. The duck was actually really moist and the noodles very tasty. The prime rib was bomb diggity...very tender and flavorful. At the dessert station..yummy was the caramel pecan tarts(take off the big chocolate thing on top) and the creme brulee. There is a LONG line to wait for dessert because of the italian gelato. It's hand scooped and not all flavors are labeled so people are asking what flavor is that? What is that? Can I taste first so I don't have to wait another 10 minutes in this friggin line for another scoop? ugh..my suggestion..skip the tiny sample scoop of ice cream and just stick to the baked goods. My only other disappointment with this buffet is their sushi..I always get the sashimi but why cut it like you took a steak knife and hacked it up? They need real sushi chefs to prepare their raw bar because the sushi looks crappy and what..NO spicy tuna rolls??? shoot..the sushi selection is better at Todai.The seafood buffet here is starting to decline for me. I used to be all giddy about coming here but it seems their standards are starting to fall because they have so many people willing to shell out 38 dollars and wait 2 hours. Be willing to pay $25 for kids ages5 and up. If your kids can pass for 4 and under, lie. My daughter is 10 but she is small and half way through her crab and butter, she fell asleep. There went $25 bucks!So overall, they need to step it up and keep this buffet at the highest quality of food like they USED to. They used to not serve anything but seafood and prime rib here. Even in the mexican and asian food areas, all the food contained only seafood. The Village Seafood Buffet used to be worth the price.
5	I CANNOT go to Vegas without at least having a wet dream about this place.  OMG.  THE. BEST. crab ever.There's cold crab, steamed crab crab sushi etc. And SHRIMP... cold, hot, scampi, mexican style, mediterranean.  Lobster.  All you ever need to have a great seafood dinner.  The dessert menu offers the Elvis gelato (PB & banana flavor) that is a perfect ending to the seafood fest.The price is steep considering the price only.  But if you like seafood and don't waste stomach space on the unnecessary offerings such as pasta, rice and other meaningless carbohydrates then you fill up on seafood and it's totally worth it.The line is long.  No shit.  It's hella long.  But they always have that Carnaval floating parade overhead and those "Cocktail"-inspired bartenders that are hella entertaining so the wait isn't like the one at the DMV.  The wait staff is always friendly and they are totally attentive.So yeah there are pros and cons but the pros far outweigh the cons.  Plus it's not that standard boring buffet.  (Did I mention the OYSTERS!!?)Yay.  I heart Village Seafood Buffet.
4	4.5 Stars Definitely.As a seafood LOVER, I cannot get over the fact of how Freakishly delicious the crab claws (both regular + rock crabs were available!!!!), the snow crab legs, and the oysters and shrimp all tasted at a buffet.My group also spent 2 hours here as we did with the Wynn Buffet. We spent the first hour just devouring plate after plate after plate of the crab claws and oysters and shrimp. I would say it was close to being as good as sex (and very very few things get that close), just based solely on the freshness and sweetness of the crab, oysters, and shrimp alone. I apologize to all the surrounding people who were scarred for life after watching the monstrosity of a scene of the slurping, mumbling, and violent merciless cracking that my friends and I created during this time. The waiter was very nice and laughed as he switched out each of the 9 or 10 baskets of empty seafood carcasses that had been laid to waste by our ravenous appetite. We spent the 2nd hour trying all the different regional dishes and all turned out ok, nothing spectacular but enough to satisfy many different palettes. The dessert and gelato station was alright, but similar to other buffet dessert stations. I remember the sea bass and tilapia fillet dishes both being quite tasty, herby, and fresh. The sashimi selection were surprisingly good as well, the salmon was quite silky and buttery smooth.If you love crab claws, legs, shrimp, raw oysters, and seafood... It Is Worth the $40. If not look elsewhere with more selection like the Wynn or the Bellagio. I have no idea how they could've profited from the amount that my friends and I shoved down our bellies.100% sure hitting this again for the claws and half shells next time I'm in Vegas.
2	Admittedly, I'm nearing the end of maximum buffet capacity as I age into my mid-30's, meaning the appeal of impersonating a human version of a foie gras force fed goose is quickly waning faster than a 68 year old man's erection. That, and my proficiency for converting large amounts of food into rude amounts of byproduct is normally deterrent enough to prevent any gluttonous inclinations. EXCEPT when I find myself in Las Vegas, where I seemingly always find myself reenacting Michael Corleone's sentiment: "Just when I thought I was out... they pull me back in! "In comparison to my last foray into the realm of gastronomic excess known as the Las Vegas buffet, the Village Seafood Buffet is a more humble option to the Bellagio's all you can eat spread that I last conquered in Conan-esque fashion (3 plates with not one ounce of vegetable matter, not surprisingly horrifying my vegetarian girlfriend when I ate my age in BBQ ribs years back). Rio's Village Seafood Buffet promises heaping piles of King Crab legs, raw oysters, various sushi, cooked shrimp, alongside others dishes that span the global flavours of the Middle East, to Mexico, to China/Japan and occasionally even into the skimpy-attired borders of Hooters-ville (the land where all good food is fried food).Avoiding the pitfalls of typical all-you-can eat deals, the King Crab legs and rock crab claws were surprisingly flavourful and mostly devoid of the excess salinity that mars most buffets; if you particularly like these seafood choices and are capable of eating several plates of these aquatic arachnid parts, you might find the buffet worth the money. In fact, I spied a notable amount of the dining room's patrons with plates singularly piled with only crab appendages, communicating the quality of the particular offering. On the other hand the raw oysters reminded me of a real life autopsy of a human being's eyeball offered on a half shell; a gray, flaccid, watery mass that didn't do much to excite the taste buds and worried me enough to limit my intake to a single slurp followed by an immediate return to the belief in the power of prayer. The worst though were the overcooked, tough and slightly unappetizing looking (because squished eyeballs weren't bad enough) slipper lobster tails; possibly cooked by  H.R. Geiger himself, this culinary crime against nature is stacked en masse in a broth with a strong resemblance to used laundry water...yet I ate two in sheer stubborn stupidity hoping I'd get over the yuck factor and love the taste of laundry water. Skip the slipper lobster tails unless you're looking for a chew toy that looks like the underside of a pillbug and tastes no better.Laid out neatly, sushi rolls and nigiri are standard buffet fair and easy to devour in multitudes (which I did), but it was really the hot food options in the Chinese food section, notably their steamed dumplings, noodles and braised Chinese string beans that I enjoyed the most.  At the same time the rubbery sliced steak station might be a good way to loosen a tooth if you have a child looking to cash in with the Tooth Fairy, characterized with a taste that can only be described as "interesting". Overall, besides the ethnic tinged dishes, the overwhelming characteristic of this buffet is a blandness that is neither notably offensive nor memorable.Leave yourself room for a creme brulee, a slice of chocolate mousse cake and some gelato/ice cream which is dispensed from a contraption that looks like an angled wheel of lactose misfortune manned by an octarian who scoops the most miniscule amounts of chilled sweets. They're not bad at all, if markedly more flavourful than the entrees that preceded them during our hour stay. Also, be sure to download the free upgrade coupon from the Rio Casino website; you'll be rewarded with a silver dollar sized filet mignon Oscar with grilled shrimp and asparagus true to its "petite" advertisement.Seafood lover's heaven? Perhaps if your expectations land somewhere near the realm of Red Lobster territory. Otherwise at best, Village Seafood Buffet doesn't seem any better than the multitude of all-you-can eat seafood buffets in any metropolitan city bigger than Bakerfield. Because of the price and the limited selection of actual seafood worth eating in vast quantities (or eating at all), you'd be better off using that money at one of the finer dining establishments in LV that promotes quality over quantity or wandering over to the roulette table and always betting on black like that wise tax-evading sage once professed.
2	Pathetic. I have never tasted such waterlogged crustaceans in my life. The oysters were tasteless, the muscles were rubbery, and the large vats of hot food had sat around long enough so that everything fell apart as you tried to scoop it up. Yuck. And you'd think the patrons hadnt eaten in a week the way they hurried around ready to knock each other over to shovel this crap onto their plates. The only good dishes were the sushi and a skillet full of crab claws swimming in garlic butter. Now those were great, but not enough to justify the $40 entry fee.
3	So I have been a huge fan of this place for years and this time around I went and was very disapointed.  The food is still good and there is a huge variety but some of the food was not so fresh, I was scared to eat the oysters because it looked and smelled like it was not fresh.  Last thing is getting sick on my vacation in vegas.  The lobster was ok crab legs were good, etc.  But the overall quality has gone down but the price is still very high.  I think Ill try them next year.
4	Yummy crab and seafood galore. The chilled crab is quite tastier than the warm ones. They were sweeter and super juicy. I'm not a big fan of crab but ended up eating a plate full of the chilled crab legs. I totally impressed my fiance. I didn't really care for the international stations (ie Asian, Mediterranean, Latin etc) and concentrated only on the seafood. Didn't care too much for their dinky lobster either. Sure most buffets serve crab legs now but these ones tasted soooooo much better. At the other buffets (sorry Wynn but Rio beats you here in the crab category), they were quite bland. And YAY for not seeing my butter clump and lard up. Makes my arteries feel better. And good job with having the bowls to throw our trash/shells in. And good job with always picking it up and throwing out our trash when it gets full.
5	I got to say this seafood buffet beats all the ones I went to in my area!! I love the lobster tail and also when they cook it in their speacialty sauce. This is my husbands favorite buffet when we go to Vegas. This is one of the first places we have to go before we leave.
5	me:  I'm walking as fast as i can.he:  I told you we'd be doing a lot of walking.  I dunno why you wore those shoes.me:  Hmmmppfff.  After all the blood and guts from the UFC fight, we were famished.  we rushed out to beat the crowd.  Oh, my poor feet. :(  Our next destination was the Rio Seafood Buffet.  It was almost 10:00 pm and my Vegas resident cousin had informed me that the buffet closed at 11.  So we walked as fast as we could...well, I tried to anyway.  After a couple of miles, some blisters, and a quick hop on the freeway, we finally arrived.  It was 10:10 pm.  The staff corrected our information by saying the buffet would close at 10:30.  That meant they would stop serving new food after 10:30.  Hmmm...we had 20 minutes for AYCE at $41 per person...was it worth it???  Oh, what the hell...we were already there.  They had a huge selection to choose from.  I love shrimp so I grabbed anything and everything shrimp...except the shrimp cocktail.  It was late and that usually upsets my tummy so it wasn't a good idea.  I had lobster, shrimp, fish, shrimp, oysters, shrimp, clams, shrimp, rib eye. shrimp, sushi, shrimp, and more... did i mention shrimp?  We ate way too much, way too fast.  It's all kinda blurry now.  Pure gluttony.  We sat in silence for a while staring at the empty plates in front of us.he:  Should I eat more? me:  Uh...sure.he:  I don't think I can.me:  Then stop.he:  Ughhh...my stomach!  My kidneys hurt now!  Why did you let me eat so much?!?!me:  I was trying to let you eat your money's worth.he:  I'm not eating at a buffet for a long time.
3	Since my friend keep telling me Village Seafood Buffet has a very good all you can eat seafood, so I guess I should make a try. Well, a little bit disappointed since I think their seafood, especially for raw fish wasn't that fresh..oyster was bad because I can taste the sand! crab leg was fine, didn't impressive me a lot, it still a good place to go if you are seafood lover!
2	we went on a wednesday night. no line at all which was good coz we were pretty hungry.but we were so disappointed. i dont see anything special in this buffet. i could go somewhere else and still get pretty much the same food and pay half the price.we went to the buffet at wynn's the next day and we loved it.
4	If you like crab legs this is the place for you. if you don't like crab legs forget about it because the rest of it is only okay. i liked the paella which had some good tidbits of seafood in it. of course the crab legs and claws. couldn't get enough. the little lobster slippers were yummy along with the shrimp. the sashimi was okay.my only complaints were that the prime rib was not good at all and the desserts were kind of lacking!  but they never stopped filling up the seafood station and there were multiple of the crab and lobster areas so that was a positive. their lack of variety is made up for their quantities of the main seafood. this makes it the best seafood buffet i've been to.
4	last time I came here, in the middle of my 5th plate i had to use the rest room. when i came back i ate 3 more plates.really the only thing worth while to eat in a buffet is seafood. this isn't the best but its a lot of it. a lot of the ok quality versions of my favs. but the best are the lobsters and raw clams! but stay away from the cocktail shrimp!
3	While I wouldn't say it was the best Valentine's dinner ever, it certainly was the most entertaining with five of my friends. Love was undeniably in the air as there were at least three newly wed couples and accompanying wedding parties scarfing down crab with their little bibs on. And that same love in the air gave me superhuman strength to consume more food than I've ever eaten in one sitting, I think. Nothing comes between me and food. Not a thing.Our motto for the meal was "let's eat crab until we shit GREEN!" If you really want to know, it never happened, but damn, even I was surprised. I ate, ate and ate, until my chest felt heavy and I struggled to breathe.But really, this a fun buffet for the sometimes necessary cheesy VEGAS careless indulgence/ridiculous consumption binge where you can pig out on not only seafood (chilled and steamed crab legs, mini lobster tails, shrimp cocktail, crawfish, clams, paella, etc.), but also dim sum, Italian-American and Chinese-American dishes, sushi, carved meats and normal buffet faire such as salad, rolls, soup, pasta, steamed veggies and dessert. I think we cleared out 8 plates of crab legs and a plate of shrimp cocktail each individually, so you know you'll get your moneys worth if you have an appetite cooked up. Honestly, I'm sure it could be missed since there are so many other buffet options in Vegas, however the Rio is kind of corny and fun with the Chippendales Show (tempting) right upstairs and the regular Mardi Gras float shows around the casino.
4	Easily the best (and perhaps only?) seafood buffet in Vegas. Mounds of king crab legs, slipper lobster, cold and fried shrimp, cold and steamed clams, raw oysters on the half, green and black mussels, a sushi bar with fresh sashimi, loads of desserts and although there is no frozen yogurt machine as one reviewer pointed out, there is a homemade ice cream bar. There is also a selection of hot favorites, including: prime rib, chinese food dishes and stew/jambalaya/gumbo dishes. The only downside is the line, both inside and out. You can count on waiting at least 30-45 minutes to get in and then once you begin your feasting, you will notice that the actual buffet lines begin to get deeper. Sometimes you can wait in the food line for close to 20 minutes. If the crowds cleared a bit fast then this would be a five star review!
5	This place has some great seafood. It is definitely expensive but you're eating lobster, oysters, crab legs and sushi! The service is outstanding! I would recommend it to any seafood lover!
3	I was soooooo disappointed. lobster? more like crawdads. I dont' feel like this was worth $40 a person, i mean, really, how many crab legs can you eat? and the pathetic little excuses for lobster tails, half of them weren't cleaned completely and some were way over cooked. Hubby said the sushi was good. ON an upside, we had a FANTASTIC waiter, he busted his butt, glasses never got less than half empty and he  kept bringing us a new basket for our shells.
5	This is mine and my wifes favorite buffet place when we go to vegas. I love the steamed crab legs and lobster tails. They also make a seafood jamablaya that is so delicious. So many seafood dishes to choose from. They recently renovated the restaurant and the price has gone up. I still think it's worth it and the village seafood buffet will definately be one of our stops when we go to vegas in april.
5	Best Buffet in Sin City hands down!Love the Brazillian BBQ!, good sea food(for a buffet), good salad, good deserts!
4	Best buffet? i'm not too sure about that. but it is up there. it's different from the other buffets u see at vegas. this one focuses on mainly seafood. but that doesnt mean it's ONLY seafood. they still offer meat dishes. They dont have king crab legs, they have snow crabs. And it's really fresh and tasty. Raw Oysters were okay, i've had better...but yes, after all it is a buffet. They also offer stone crab claws - not bad. They have raw clams - not so great. the usual cocktail shrimps.for the hot dishes, they have other mixed seafood. which was okay.they do have a sushi bar where they ahve just sashimi of tuna (ok), salmon (ok), and yellowtail (not good).they also have an asian section w/ dishes like bbq pork, stir fry clams w/ black bean sauce, and shrimp rolls, just to name a few.dessert...surprisingly, the desserts were pretty good. And the best of all the Gelato machine..sooo many choices! i think i had about  5 different scoops.
4	This is my first review so be kind....I was in Vegas over the weekend and decided to check out Seafood Village Buffet. This is my second time there and from what I remembered, it was excellent a few years ago. The cost is around $40 and I must say the duck and BBQ pork were excellent. In fact, the taste and flavor were good on everything. The only disappointment was the lobster tails. From what I remember, the lobster tails were easy to get to and were excellent. This time around, you had to look for the lobster meat. Probably the only thing that disappointed me. My sister, her boyfriend and my mom loved the desserts. With me not being a dessert fan, I will trust their opinions. Overall it was pretty good....Would I pay $40 again for it? Maybe but first, I have to try the Bellagio one....
5	4.75 stars.Rio Seafood Buffet. It was freaking awesome! We took the free shuttle from Paris to Rio. It was a quick 15 min-ish ride. The rider was pretty cool too.We walked towards the Seafood Buffet, and Rio has a live show in the ceiling! That was very cool too! But onto the buffet...There were a lot of different dishes, and the food was excellent. I stayed at the hot seafood side, and they had this lobster dish that was to-die-for! I would highly recommend this buffet if you are ever in Vegas! Come early, or prepare to wait in line. A tad expensive though... but it's Vegas.
3	Ehhh, it's definitely a good value if you like seafood and can stuff your face silly!  There's definitely a lot of ice involved to keep things as fresh as possible so watch out when you suck those oysters, claims and mussels down!  For $40, it's great cuz they do have a pretty good variety of cuisine -- they have prime rib, gelato bar, sushi, etc. in addition to the seafood.  But then again, you don't go to a buffet to get the best quality, just the biggest quantity!
5	I love this buffet because of the obvious... IT'S SEAFOOD!!!  I think there might be other things like prime rib, but why would you eat prime rib when this is 99% seafood.  So, I was so glad that on our last night (after the Machida fight!), we got to go here.  And it was just as good as I remembered...Crawfish, crab legs (both cold and warm... and they're different styles ex. tossed in an asian sauce), fish galore (ones in a chunky tomato sauce, shrimp tempura, mediterranian style, etc.  I will say, some had a fishy taste to it so after a while I just stuck to eating my ginormous plate of crab legs), hush puppies, sushi, seafood soup (2 types, a cajun style and another one I forget), you can make tacos, eat stir fried noodles with chicken and shrimp, they of course have shrimp cocktail, and mussels, clams, and oysters.  All I know is, this is my dream buffet, and I hate that they don't have one of this kind in Hawaii.  Yes we have todai, and makino chaya... but that's more of an Asian buffet (plus the crab legs, sashimi, etc.), but this is the epitome of buffets, and, may I add, well worth the $42 per person.  I'd move back to Vegas just for this buffet, but that's a dream within itself... but don't let my dreams get in your way of experiencing the best seafood buffet I have tried.
5	Best seafood buffet EVER!!!! So worth the price you have to pay ($40). 4 plates (not including dessert) I was going to passout from stuffing my face. Every dish had some sort ot seafood in it. Of course, you wouldn't want to get full on carbs so we stayed away from the pastas. Shrimp alfredo... HA. The crab legs were huge and amazingly fresh. The oysters and clams... not so much. They had great lobster tails and really fresh sushi. I think we out ate a lot of the tables around us. We sat there for about 2 hours. I was dying in the end, but I had to get dessert. They have a gelato station. I had to skip it because I really couldn't eat anymore so I picked creme brulee and cheesecake over gelato. The desserts were AMAZING!!! I almost want to start with desserts the next time I'm there... almost.If you're a seafood fanatic like myself, don't miss out when you're in Sin City.
1	Food here is TERRIBLE!! I think the price is too much. The oysters are frozen instead of fresh. The sushi rice are spoiled!!!! Unacceptable! I won't recommend this buffet restaurant.
1	I don't understand all the hype about the Village Seafood Buffet.  Came here with my boyfriend the Tuesday after Memorial Day and we both thought it sucked.  I don't think there was a single thing that I liked at the buffet and I LOVE seafood...The crab was not fresh at all (no crab taste and the meat was a little off-colored).  There weren't any lobsters.  Their clam chowder had way too much cream and not enough clams.  The gumbo was the worse sh*t I've ever tasted.  And don't even get me started on the raw bar.  That crap was just disgusting.  The oysters were covered in ice and super dry/old.  I didn't even dare try them because I was convinced I'd get food poisoning from them.Their dessert selection was just as disappointing.  I was excited that they had a gelateria but their gelato was some of the worst I've tasted.  Sampled some other desserts as well but nothing was good.I suggest you just skip this buffet and go to Bellagio or Wynn instead.  This place is so not worth the $40/person it charges.  Uber disappointment =(
3	I'm a much bigger fan of the Spice Market Buffet at Planet Hollywood, but I LOVED the lobster tails and sashimi here. I'm definitely not a fan of the $40 cost because I thought the variety was lacking. Yeah, I know it's a seafood buffet, but it wouldn't have hurt to have a little more meat. The space itself was also a lot smaller than other buffets I've been to and the bathroom is located outside of it. The service was alright. Definitely try the carrot cake with cream cheese frosting..mmm!
2	I feel all these reviews were made by the owners of this place. Don't be fooled. This place is absolute garbage. While planning a trip to Vegas I heard constantly about this place being one of the best buffets in Vegas. It was further backed by all these lovely Yelp reviews who said it was the best thing since sliced bread.I went here at the end of May very anxious and excited to eat at the place I had heard so much about. I grabbed some of everything, Crab legs, mini lobster tails, prime rip, shrimp etc.. Long story short the Crab legs had absolutley no flavor and were cold(Supposed to be the hot ones). The butter I tried to dip them in also had no flavor and tasted like nothing. The mini lobster tails were just as bad and didn't even taste like lobster. The shrimp wasn't very tasty, I've had much better. I would rather go pay $30 at a Red Lobster and get a meal I know is going to be good. At this seafood buffet I would have to say the best things were the Prime rib and the dessert buffet. The mini doughnuts were very good and the Gelato wast great too. I did not come here for dessert however so this place gets a mere 2 stars. They should be lucky to even get that! Take your business elsewhere! Trust me!
2	Not worth the money.  The clams, oysters etc didn't look fresh and were imbedded with crushed ice.  It was a hassle to dig the ice out of the clams.  I had a couple of clams that didnt taste quite right, probably why my stomach hated me later.  The lobster they advertise is a joke.  How is even legal to harvest such SMALL lobsters.  They chop it into pieces and cook it with some shrimp.  Most of it was overcooked.  The other hot food was just ok.  On par with a 14.99 buffet or somthing, not a $40 buffet.  The only reason this place gets 2 stars is because the Gelato for dessert was pretty good.  They had an interesting assortment of flavors.  Get the "elvis".  It's good.  For a good seafood buffet stick with the Wynn Buffet.  Pre-split King Crab legs and better overall food/desserts.
4	This place used to be my favorite buffet spot in Vegas cos they have Alaskan King Crab, too bad they only serve snow crab now. I love seafood and sashimi, so $38 is a good deal for me to have all you can eat crab leg, oyster, clams, baby lobster tail and sashimi. They have craving table and some other hot food, but I never have room for that.I'm not a dessert people, but you got to save room for the flan and gelato. yum yum. Plus you can always enjoy the free sky show before or after your meal.
4	I've always avoided buffets that cost more than $30. I mean, could I REALLY eat THAT much food? So when I saw the $38 (before tax) price tag, I was a little taken back, but my friends insisted on eating some good seafood. This place was pretty impressive! I was totally surprised. I usually don't give much credit to buffets (even in Vegas). I mean, you never know how long that stuff has been sitting there. They had all the seafood you could imagine... snow crab legs, crawfish, mussels, clams, RAW oysters, LOBSTER?? Craziness. I was a little scared of the oysters, worrying that I would get sick. So I picked the smallest, best looking oyster to try. AND... it was actually... GREAT! =O *gasp* I didn't take my chances at eating anymore than that. The other ones didn't look up to par. But I TOTALLY filled up on the mini lobster tails. I'm pretty sure my cholesterol took a good hit...Shellfish + Melted Butter = Heart AttackAnother surprising goodie they had was their sashimi! Ive never had a really good experience with sashimi and sushi at buffets, but the fish here was really fresh! The sushi rice is a little hard, so it's best to just stick to the raw stuff. I really liked the salmon sashimi. =)And of course, they have your basic carving station. The prime rib was REALLY good. And it was cooked a PERFECT medium rare. I totally loved it. And of course, they had Au Jus to go with it! They also had THICK, fall off the bone ribs, chicken wings, deep fried clam strips and shrimps... way too much food for my stomach to handle. And THEN... THERE WAS THE DESSERT BAR... O... M... G... I've never tasted a dessert bar like this one. I was prepared for dry cake, overly sweet frosting and chocolate covered everything. But no, no, no... THIS WAS THE BEST DESSERT BAR EVER! I loved their mini beignets. I tried everything... black forrest cake, chocolate mousse, creme brulee, carrot cake, fudge brownie cake... ALL FABULOUS. And they have a WHEEL of gelato! Coffee, mango, strawberry... you can choose from about 10 flavors. All were droolworthy. Another thing to mention, the service here is fantastic. All the waitress were super friendly and very prompt. They all had some personality rather than just picking up plates and running off. I would come back to eat here eventually, but with so many other buffets and restaurants on The Strip, it's hard to do repeat places to eat. I would say this buffet is worth the money if you either (a) stuff your face enough or (b) eat enough lobster. =P Have fun and go get your cholestrol on!
2	the quality of the seafood here has dropped. I use to love this place. now it's just seem like a typical buffet that is way over priced. it's not worth it if you ask me. the only thing that is still good are the crab legs but it's no worth pay 60 per person just for some crab legs and some other crappy food. I might give them one more chance if I go to another WSOP!  :D
2	This was a splurge night choice of a restaurant. It won't be a slurge again, mainly because I don't think I'll be able to convince my husband to go again. We went at 5:30pm last Saturday. This was the perfect time to go because there was no line yet. Turns out the line begins to form around 6:30ish. Anyway, I digress...My experience: I had no problem finding things to try and eat. Nothing was really amazing or shouted out "I want more!". The food was just okay, although there was this spinach/feta/mushroom salad that was good. The dessert selection looked good but only the mini cheesecake was really good. The gelato was too icey for gelato if that makes any sense and not really that good. Believe me- I know gelato after living in Italy for 3 years. All said- it was just okay. My husband's experience:  "Horrible & Never again" to use his words. Main reason for this complaint... my husband loves his shrimp cocktail. He had to wait in long lines to get to this shrimp (and other shell fish). It grossed him out because there would be people in line waiting as well, eating off their plates. Also, both times he went back to get refills on the shrimp, the shrimp itself was still too frozen to eat. Here is what's wrong with buffet...the stations are set up wrong. The main attraction for this restaurant is the shelled fish (shrimp, mussels, clams, crab legs). The locations (there are two) of these stations is not very convenient nor well set up for traffic flow. Long lines form because the stations are in cramped areas in between larger stations that most people skip anyway to go to the shelled fish. People end up waiting in the long lines for the shelled fish and in the end, might not be worth the wait. Imagine waiting 10 minutes in line only get finally get to the station and then having to wait another 5 minutes while they replenish the food. Also, just imagine other people standing in line, eating off their plates, while along side other food stations. Not very clean (nor good manners). Suggestion: make the bar smaller since most people drink either soda or water, move the meat station (which is really nothing more than roasted beef and sausage) to a smaller station. Move the shelled fish to the larger more open stations. The good note: our "server" was very attentive about refilling our drinks and clearing our basket as it filled with the shells.
4	ive been here so many freakin times....i honestly prefer carnival better.. because i am one of those "little bit of everything" type and they have much more there...but if you are just wanting crab legs and oysters... this place would be fine! i dont remember the price difference but this one is way less packed than carnival.... so if you want to avoid massive amounts of people on a busy vegas weekend... come here instead... its just on the other side of the casino.also... try the gelato with any of ur favorite toppings... its to die for!i usually get coffee w/ heath bar on topand pistachio with butterfinger.. YUM!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Only go here is you really, really want seafood. There are none seafood stations, but even then a lot of the dishes are seafood dishes. The non-seafood dishes are actually pretty good. The prime rib and dim sum stations in particular stick out. They probably don't go through as much of those as seafood so they don't have to cut corners. As far as the seafood goes, it seems to change seasonally. Each time I have been there, they have had snow crab and stone crab legs. They have never had king crab when I was there. They had crawfish on this trip as well. One of the attractions is the "lobster". I say "lobster" in quotations because they are langostinos, which are more closely related to the hermit crab than a lobster or shrimp. These are what you get when you order Lobster Bites at Long John Silver. It's funny seeing how many people line up for the "lobster". Some people take their sweet time picking out the biggest ones. They used to have two areas to get them, but now there is only one and it is in the middle of the seafood station, leading to unnecessarily huge lines.I've never really tried any of the desserts except the gelato. I actually get cravings for the Elvis (peanut butter and banana) flavor once in a while. The service is really good here though. Probably the best service I've ever had in a Vegas buffet.
5	OMG!!!!!  The best buffet EVER! As good as a buffet can get.  If you love seafood and are in Vegas, you MUST go here.  We went twice and wanted to go a third time, but ran out of time.  They have evrything, crab lags, snow and king, lobster tails, shrimp, mussels, crawfish, sushi, scallops, the best blackend tilapia on the planet.  They have carved meat and chicken too.  Plenty of sides and dessert.It was $38.95 a person I believe, but you can find coupons around town for $10 off.
1	If you ENJOY this buffet you needa grow some tastebuds!!REALLY?? REALLLLLY?!?! yelpers COME ON... i dont freakin understand$45 for dinner @ the buffet here.. first off thats insanebut fine fine its supposedly OFF THE CHAIN delicious AMAZING seafood.....are you kidding me?!??!?!what the freak is there to eat here? i should have TOTALLY taken pictures.............-pasta and seafood ceviche and etcetc was MEDIOCRE at best....-the shrimp were decent shape and size..didnt eat one tho im not stupid i dont need to get foodpoisoning-oysters...WTF happened to these OYSTERs???? some were MASSIVE others regular but wtf was wrong with it...they were yellowish and looked very unappetizing wow.... really disturbing-the crab legs... i REALLY cannot understand if people are crazy or the dinner on saturday was horrible but those are NOT large legs OMG! they were SMALL you can get bigger fresher ones @ the Wynn buffet...seriously LARGE crab legs are the ones fromm Costco now those you can call large the ones at the rio buffet are shameful...-crab CLAWs ok now those came from maybe a decent size crab i had one it was good i liked how meaty they were but what did the birthday girl proclaim when she ripped hers open "man these suckers look creamy"....CREAMY???? PEOPLE..PEOPLE!!!... PEOPLE!!!!!!!.....steamed crab legs should not look and taste CREAMY  & moooshy thats just offf....they had fried shrimp, fried fish, salmon (very very lame), clam chowder & more..the only thing i ate 20834328483 of? the red snapper sashimi with the sushi "chef" slicing away next to you. those were good, no funky smell, no sliminess BUT some were awfully tough to chew ...he has some horrible skills...he did NOT kno how to slice em i mean i think he got completely lazy at one point becuz i got some cubes, some stringy ones, some that were nearly the whole fish...blahhhh sloppiness....to top it off?? that was the sorriest dessert bar EVER. yea the gelato looked great but not amazing like the wynn  so NOT amazing where i thot it was a waste to take a lactose pill for it...instead i grabbed a brownie which i couldnt even finish...a brownie CAROLYN cant finish is shit...blah!!!!!waited 45minutes to throw $45 down the hole...down a dark fishy hole...how very very sadbtw if u wana come here for some freak reason go get urself a ballys ceasars rio players card and save ur ass $10 we signed up the next day...FML!
5	The first place I ate in Vegas my first TIME in Vegas! Oh man oh man, it made the trip wayyyyy worthhhhh it. I heard they lowered the prices and remodeled a bit so it looks different than before. I am not one for seafood but DAYMN this place was GOOOOOOOD. I never ate so much seafood in my life. I had 2 full huge plates of lobster tail alone. With that delicious butter sauce. I had to fight for that lobster tail too, I was waiting for the tray to be refilled so I kept hovering around it. It FINALLY came out but somebody else grabbed the tongs before I could. Damn my stubby limbs. The big red lobster tails were theee best. Filled with sweet, juicy, fresh delicious lobster meat. To die for.Crab legs were delishhhh! Sashimi was excellent as well! Oysters were oh-so-fresh!  Popcorn shrimp was a winner! Prime rib looked delicious but I was too busy with everything else I never got around to it :(DESSERT! Now I ALWAYS have room for dessert. The Gelato was AMAZING and so was the carrot cake. I also loved the cheesecake, it was light and fluffy - not too heavy and filling.This was a HUGE buffet. Pretty attentive staff. Reasonable price. Overall great experience. I would have come back the very next day if it were not for fear of some sort of mercury poisoning. But it would be worth it to me baby. Ultimate Foodgasm.Definite hot spot to check out in Vegas.
2	LCD displays outside this place inter-splice scenes of oceanography and edibles to demonstrate the freshness of their seafood. Waiting outside in line it was like NOMS, you sure made the dolphins look delicious!But I jest of course, they don't have any dolphins to partake of on the menu, so yeah, sorry to get your hopes up. Went here a couple months ago with my girls on a relaxing weekend. Friends of ours had told us that this was the place to go for all you can eat seafood. But all in all it was just meh. I mean we had just gone to Bouchon so this just seemed ok. I swear the older I get the more particular I get about eating. Buffet is just too much. Prime rib, meh, sashimi, decent, oysters meh, crab legs also decent. But the gelato here was the best part. And one of my besties got picked up at the gelato bar, so it made for a memorable story that we all laugh about. "Hey girl, you're so hot you got picked up at the seafood buffet!" Hilarity ensues.
4	if you love sea food.. this is the place to go.... price was absolutely reasonable, worth every penny... the sea foods are extremely fresh.. love the sashimi... & must try the ELVIS flavor ice cream... not sure what's in it,but please don't try it if you're allergic to peanuts... our server was great!! so i'll give a plus on the service.. tips:* don't wear tight pants (make sure the waist is not too tight)* crab legs are very juicy.. don't get on your shirt
4	I'm not sure why it took me 10 years to try out the Rio Seafood Buffet...cause of all the Vegas buffets I've tried, I notch this one at the top of my list.  All the lobster tails you can eat ( some were small but who cares just eat double) crab legs, crab claws, etc, which were all dunked in a nice bath of drawn butter!  Hmmmmmm!  They also had other selections other than seafood such as prime rib, Asian entrees, pasta, and much more, which were all good as well.  The overall size of the buffet was a bit smaller than other buffets, but here quality surely surpassed quantity.  Overall, good food, good overall price, and good service.
5	this is pretty much my favorite buffet in vegas now if you're a seafood lover , look no further, i was eating oyster after oyster, crab after crab41 dollar including tax, is not a bad deal ,if you know how much a few dinky little crab leg on the coast costthey had some interesting gelato flavor too some of the gelatos are good some aren'tnot too sure how the other food taste tho ... since i didnt really touch them.... i gotta get me one of them hotdog eater stomach ... so i can enjoy this buffet as much as possible...
4	It was a buffet, so of course it is a notch below a normal restaurant.  The food was good, but nothing fantastic.  If you are in the mood for a seafood buffet, I would recommend it.  Next time we are in Vegas, we will most likely go here again.
5	This one of the the highlights of my Vegas trip.  I've been to this town before..but never tried a seafood buffet to this magnitude! Price wasn't too bad....38 per person for dinner buffet.  If you love seafood...this is the place to be!
5	This place was super good for the price and all the crustaceans they had to offer. I must have only stayed at the crustaceans section. I did not even venture off to see what else they had. The sushi was pretty fresh and tasted awesome. It is a must if you are into seafood. The price of 40 bux was not bad per person. You basically get what you money is worth.
3	@ $38 a head, I expected a little more than what we got.  The lobster tails were sliced in half and not impressive (overcooked), the meats were just ok.  Yes, they had crab legs but so does every other buffet.  The gelato was honestly my favorite part.  Wasn't worth the money in my opinion.
2	TOTALLY NOT WORTH IT!!!The lobsters were overcooked. Clams/oysters were not fresh. Crab legs were salty and dry. Mussels were dry and rubbery. There wasn't much edible seafood to choose from for a SEAFOOD BUFFET! I noticed other reviewers mentioned the gelato bar was the highlight.... this hardly makes it the strong point of a seafood buffet, and to pay $38/person?I think Todai would've been a better choice!
4	I haven't been here since they remodeled the place, but I do remember loading up my plate with raw oysters and lobster tails.  If you're a big seafood fan.  This buffet is a must visit!  Sure it's expensive, but you have consider that seafood isn't cheap, and the amount of seafood that you can get in one serving can equal more than double of what you initially paid for.
2	I remember when I was a little kid we would go to this this seafood buffet in Carol Stream, Illinois called Boston Tea Party or something like that.  As our car pulled up to the restaurant, my mouth would start watering in anticipation of the fresh oysters and clams along with steamed lobster served with drawn butter that I would soon be enjoying. Sadly, as most restaurants do, it eventually went out of business.Twenty years later, I found myself in Rio in a line presumably filled with other seafood lovers.  Childhood memories of glorious seafood feasts past went racing through my head as we approached the cashier.  I eagerly counted out forty-one one dollar bills and we were soon led to our table.  I ordered a beer and raced to the line and plucked up a plate full of crab legs,oysters, and clams.Alas, the good times ended right there.  As soon as I put the first clam into my mouth, I noticed that it lacked any discernable taste.  The second and third ones didn't taste any better.  I then tried the oysters and discovered they tasted no better than the ones that come in supermarket jars.  The crab legs were decent but it was pretty obvious that most of the so-called fresh seafood had previously been frozen.  When you factor in the price, which is similar to the superior Wynn Buffet, along with the tacky decor, you will probably come to the conclusion that the Village Seafood Buffet is definitely overrated.  I realize that quality of food served at buffets is usually not up to par with that of traditional restaurants but still I expected a lot more from VSF in terms of quality.  It is safe to say that Las Vegas's best buffets can be found on the other side of I-15.
4	I ate so much here, I seriously thought I gained 5lbs walking out of there! It was great! I wasn't a fan of waiting in line, but our friend who had a card, got us out of line and we were in a lot faster. I was rather upset to see the people who were behind us in line, were still waiting in line a half hour later.But the food was plentiful and the crab legs were so good! I kept going back to that! I had cravings for all types of food and this buffet pleased every single craving and taste bud I had. This was definitely a cure to my hangover!
3	I went to vegas for a business trip when I went. My husband and I went here because my coworker insisted we try. It was about 35 per person. The food was pretty good. However, the crab legs had no meat and it was very dry. The lobster tail was very dry, too. Everything wasn't very fresh. I liked the ice cream and the creme brulee...That's about all I actually liked from the place. I think I filled my tummy with dessert...At the end of the night, I did my natural asian thing and wrapped a creme brulee in a napkin and took it out. lol
3	i like how David Y said "if you're a seafood lover, its like you died and went to mediocre seafood heaven." i guess for $38/person and if you really really love seafood, its worth it. the bf said he'd probably would have paid $18 at the most haha i was a bit disappointed since our friends wanted to go and they seemed like they really liked it. so we decided to check it out. the only thing i actually liked was the shrimp cocktail and the lobster tails. the shrimp cocktail was tender and nicely seasoned (might have just been salt haha) and the lobster tail also had nice flavor but they were pretty small. i think i got lucky and they brought out the new batch right when i got up there. the rock crab looked like it was going to be good but it was pretty dry. oh i also liked the bbq chicken that was with some roasted corn, but chicken is chicken. our waitress lady was really nice so that was a plus. but i'd say its totally not worth $38. i would rather go to the rio world buffet on the other side.*EDIT* one thing i forgot to mention was that the plates were PIPING HOT. no matter where you picked up the plate from, it was so hot it would burn your finger tips! i guess its good because it'll keep your food warm a few minutes longer, but its not cool when you put some fruit on it and it totally goes bad because the plate is super hot!
3	I gotta say, I returned here and was disappointed this last time.  Lobster was chewy and crab was not very good.  I was really disappointed, actually.  They have the gelato for dessert which is nice but other than that, there was not much else impressive about desserts.  I don't know why, but this place is not like I remember.  Quality has really gone down from before.  Mexican, Asian and Middle Eastern food were not good -- I mean, nothing special about them.  In the sushi bar -- sashimi was only thing decent.  All other rolls were really generic.  Too bad, I'd always enjoyed coming here.  =(
5	They got it all here.... except couth. Cafeteria atmosphere - it's so freaking noisy, by all accounts, a sawdust joint. But yes, the food is good, lots of variety, and plenty of it. Pig out like the pig you know you are. Just make sure you bring your life savings.... $38.00 a person.
5	Great people, awesome place, well recommended, affordable price...awesome for large party...
4	I hate buffets-the negatives of a buffet out weights the benefits for me, but when we asked our taxi driver where to eat he immediately said go to the RIO seafood buffet-Not the Bellagio.  Thanks Pal! Great call.This place is ridiculous and is a good indicator why people are overweight.  I couldn't nor did I want to stop eating.  chilled - Lobster tails, Crab Legs, Oysters, and Shrimp,   Prime Rib cooked properly and several asian dishes- roasted duck and pork, steamed buns....Just a ton of great food.  The desert bar was insane-homeade gelato, bread pudding and small little custard cups.Oh and they have a salad bar and nice breads, but come on who gets salad and bread at a buffet.It was about 50 after tax and tip but what a good place to go crazy.
4	Love this place. Eat like a straight baller for 40 bucks, come hungry so you can get your money's worth. Everything you can think of on the seafood tip is here. Crab, lobster, crayfish, oysters, shrimp, blah blah blah, you get the picture. Anyways definitely recommend checkin this place out if you wanna be a true American and eat like a pig for a night. Just make sure you have a way to get back to your hotel pretty fast, because your gonna most likely slip into a food coma after stuffing yourself.
1	What a total disappointment.  Years ago this was the best buffet in town, now it just serves as a reminder of how Harrahs can ruin every good thing about a hotel.  Trust me folks people want to like this place because it's big and had a reputation yeras ago, but the buffet now is just an abomination.  The oysters on the half shell will make you choke, the sushi smells, the quality of the mussels and the rest are so deplorable, I wanted to choke soeone after waiting in line and then paying over 30 bucks for this junk.  The place is crowded on top of that, but I guess it is expected.  Years ago I recomended this to everyone, recently I have had freinds and family tell me how bad it has become but I refused to believe, too bad I didn't take their word for it.  If you want a great seafood buffet literally for half, go off the beaten path to a place called Asia Buffet ( I went to the one on Rainbow) literllay more than half the price and miles better.  I used to love this place at the Rio, now I mourn for it.
4	Don't trip, you're not in a buffet in Macau or Hong Kong. There's a lot of Asians here because we Asians love seafood. Our parents like to act as if one plate is all you get, so don't get mad if you see those little Asian ladies stacking it up yay high on a single plate. The chefs will pile on more of it soon.The line into this buffet can be long but what legit buffet entrance line in Vegas isn't? If you got the diamond or platinum rewards player's card, then hop in that VIP line. Muchhhhh faster. Seafood buffet dinner was about $40/head.The service was really good. Our two ladies, one with the tag from Thailand, the other was Chinese were very very nice and prompt. They had a lot on their hands considering I brought the clan that day, a table of 13. So I give them mad props for making our time enjoyable even though it's a self served buffet.In my opinion, the food is pretty good but it has slightly shifted downwards from when I first experienced it. They use to have lobster but even Vegas suffers when the rest of the nation is. Cut out some losses and X out some expensive shelfish off the menu is their answer. Still, plenty of different seafood to go around. Their prime rib is not too shabby either. Au jous sauce is slightly salty but the meat is tender fo sho.I don't care if I'm at a seafood buffet, I love fried chicken. I gave it a shot. To my surprise, they were darn good. All was missing was some Texas style hot sauce.Lastly, desserts... All I have to say is pistachio gelato. That's it. That's all you need. Two orders, maybe one for the road. I promise you, if you like pistachio, you'll thank me. And if you don't, oh well. You're at a buffet in Vegas, don't be so senstive. All the left overs gets grinded and literally trash trucked to a farm outside of Vegas to be fed to a bunch of piggies. Thank you Mike Rowe and Dirty Jobs for enlightening me on this.
4	This is the best seafood buffet in Vegas.  If you love crab legs, they keep coming here.  They have everything from sushi to lobster to gelato.  When in Vegas, as I was about 2 weeks ago, I do not miss the buffet at the Rio.
5	This place is always worth the price... and I love the dessert area. haha My bf and I spend hours in here... ok, maybe not hours, but I just really like it and I once left my phone here and no one stole it! They even called my Dad since he was the last number dialed to have him pick it up!
4	My sister and I came here in October, during our b-day week. I went with the tip to come early, around 5:00pm, which turned out perfectly, not wait at all. I enjoyed the food immensely. The only thing was we were so early, that some of the seafood, the crab legs most noticably, were still partially frozen. Honestly, though, and what you need to save the most room for, is dessert! This place has the BEST desserts of any buffet I've ever been to. And the best is that they serve them all in these little portions, so you can try a TON of them. They also have gelato, a very good selection, but the regular desserts were my favorite. They had two kids of trifle, this fudgy kind of chocolate cake, carrot cake muffins, a kiwi mousse. I mean it was endless, so good!p.s. I wouldn't even bother with the lobster tails though, tiny and tasteless. Stick to the crab legs and then dessert!
1	We went to the Village buffet with high hopes since we are avid fans of the Rio Carnival World Buffet. As seafood lovers, we were excited about trying out this buffet at the same hotel. We were VERY disappointed. Don't be fooled by the notion that there will be an amazing assortment of fresh seafood here, afterall the name is the Village SEAFOOD Buffet. The lobster was chewy, rubbery, bland, and mushy. Seafood should NOT taste like this. The crab legs were mediocre, with the same problem as the lobster - chewy, rubbery, and mushy. The Carnival World Buffet is a way better buffet for the price and selection. The crab legs there are 100x better.
5	I came. I ate seafood. I conquered 4 plates. Tummy full, mission accomplished. I've heard so much about this seafood buffet. On our last day in Vegas we decided to eat here and leave on a good note. We came early, it opens at 4pm...there was a line! It went by pretty quick...we paid our $40 and I was ready to feast on some seafood. You name it...they had it...lobster tails, cocktail shrimps, pasta and shrimp, dungeness crabs, snow crabs, oysters, clams, scallops all cooked in so many different styles.  Plus they had a pretty amazing dessert bar as well. Some of my favorites were the shrimp pasta, mac and cheese lobster and clam chowder soup. Oh and they also have a full bar in the middle, which drinks will cost extra. Here's all that I fit in my belly:Plate 1: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rvnTFEq7R2ZHg0_CYbBNFw?select=JHYDJO2tNMjYB2fEXnuPegPlate 2: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rvnTFEq7R2ZHg0_CYbBNFw?select=9JeXTsQi-KShdc60TDzt3QPlate 3: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rvnTFEq7R2ZHg0_CYbBNFw?select=AmMOM91RYw_ALKAux1l0AAMy clam chowder (YUM): http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rvnTFEq7R2ZHg0_CYbBNFw?select=j_U5C3Ct-GO6MnVTHk8MugPlate 4: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rvnTFEq7R2ZHg0_CYbBNFw?select=2G1cBejfRFBv6BUpviFChAThe buffet was massive and I didn't even try everything...I'll definitely be back when I need to overdose on cholesterol.
5	IF there is anything that i liked about HARRAH's it would be the free shuttle to RIO'S hotel. where they have the village seafood buffet! AND their coupon book which states that i could get a 10 dollars discount for 4 people max. we had 6 people and the total was around 160 when it was originally 200. good good good deall! :)SO. lemme tell you. the line here is freakin exhausting wait. but wanna hear the good part? ITS GOOD. one of the best buffets i've eaten at. they have a lot of different varieties. its not your standard home town buffet. its way bigger. there are 4 different sections. one is the meditteranean and spanish. another is asian. another is like raw fish stuff, and the last is the desserts! :)to tell you the truth, most of the stuff is pretty salty. but let me remind you that this is a buffet. most of the food there is SUPPOSED to be salty and bloating. ahha. ohhhh mann. i wish i went there right now. i just swallowed a huge wad of saliva writing this review -_- (sorry for gross image)DESSERT!!!!!! OMGOMGOGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMG first place i went to that serves FREE GELATO WITH YOUR MEAL!!! lol. they have this like huge freezer type circle freezer that can rotate and you can ask whoevers working for the flavor you want. and its pretty good! lol. and the server there was really nice :) we talked a bit about how vegas was gonna be SUPER busy and stuff like that. but wow. good. and nice. lol. i cannot describe to you what kind of stuff they have. because yelp would warn me that i've written beyond their word count limit. but let me just say, that they have basically everything. its crazy. and the only way to find out whether im lying or telling the truth is to go try it there yourself :)
5	Losing at the slot machines while taking turns waiting in line  - $60.00All the seafood that you can eat plus a killer dessert station - $39.95Big fat dancing Hawaiian shuttle driver to Paris - Priceless!
5	We got in line 30 minutes early before it opened. We're a bunch of girls and we got here early instead of getting our asses early to get into a club. WE LIKE TO EAT.WELL WORTH IT THOUGH. OMFG. Just being able to go back for as much Sashimi and Oysters that I want? Plus our server was so adorable and helpful! It just makes so much sense to spend 40 dollars here. SO MUCH SENSE.
3	Okay, so I made a special trip out to the 'skirts (lol) of Vegas for the Seafood Buffet at Rio. I was really excited because I love love LOVE seafood, even moreso than steak. My ears perk up at the sound of 'lobster' like my dog's ears when he hears 'treat'. That being said, I was a little disappointed in the buffet. Maybe it was just a bad day or a wrong day to go, but they ran out of lobster (causing much of an uproar from other patrons)... so I stuck with crab legs and other things to suffice.
4	For my second visit to a buffet during my weekend stay, we hit the seafood buffet at the Rio.  After about a 30 minute wait in line, we paid our $29.99 (thanks to a $10 off coupon that one of our group received when he check in at Ballys) and we were seated. We lucked out and got a high table with bar stools.We specifically picked this buffet because we wanted seafood and we were not disappointed.  So much seafood!  And the majority of it was pretty good.  Well worth the wait and the money.The little lobster tails thingies were tasty and they were always filled with fresh servings. I really enjoyed the chinese style crab legs more than the steamed ones. Nice and messy and flavorful.  The only disappointment was the crawdads, they were on ice. I would have much preferred hot one to dip in my melted butter. Even though we went just for the seafood, I had to fill a little of my stomach with some meat and the prime rib was quite good. Got a nice rare piece too. Yummers.Dessert was good too. I loved the Wheel of Gelato...thought the 90 year old chinese guy serving it was quite grumpy and only mumbled if you asked him what the flavors were that didn't have a sign on them.We left stuffed and satisfied.  And though it was a Saturday night at 10:30pm when we left, my belly was so full I decided to just go back to the hotel room and lay on the bed like a beached whale instead of going out to the wee hours of the morning.
5	OMG this place is soooo good! Every time that i'm in Vegas i make sure i eat here. AYCE lobsters,crab legs. shrimps, mussels, sushi and a really good dessert section they offer gelato. Its about 45 dollars a person well worth the investment, especially if your a big eater.
1	This place is horrible. Don't waste your money. Worst quality seafood I've ever seen at any buffet. Lobster tails were dry and over cooked, didn't even try the oysters bc they looked and smelled awful, sushi wasn't consistent, some good some bad. It was just bad and let just say that I ended up paying for it later.
5	When it comes to seafood buffet in Las Vegas, Village Seafood Buffet of Rio always wins the top spot. Price per person is $38.95. It is actually not bad for a place that offers sashimi, easy peel shrimps, hot and cold snow crab, fresh oysters, butter and garlic clams, steamed mussels, scallops to start. Great selections of hot plates such as lobster tails, shrimps, dungeon crabs, and stir-fried crab legs in Asian and Mediterranean style. Not to mention there are prime rib, toasted BBQ chicken, charbroiled Ma-hi Ma-hi, and stuffed crab shells. If anyone is going to crave in Village Seafood, please plan ahead and slow down. Try be only half full before you are done with entree. You really need to save some space for deserts. You will not miss the berries fruit tarts and other cakes made with dark chocolate, cheesecakes, cream puffs, low fat frozen desert in many flavors. Besides good food and excellence deserts, great customer service is also a plus. Very attentive server. Well deserve a $5.00 tip.
3	4 adults, 1 child, and 2 babies.....$180.  Not really sure how that fairs since this was the only buffet I was able to go to this time around, but for the amount of available "seafood", I guess it wasn't so bad.And I say "seafood" because as good as it was.....let's face it. We are in the desert and the seafood wasn't fresh.  The crab claws were a bit too frozen for me that eventually, my fingers went numb and started to hurt :-(  What can ya say though, I'd rather experience numb fingers than food sickness, right?I did enjoy the "asian inspired dishes" (or the Chinese food, if you will), and I thought the dessert area was pretty nifty with your choice of gelatos.  The ladies serving us were particularly accomodating since we had 2 babies with us - which also meant 2 strollers.  So I give them props for that.Would I return?  Maybe.  I'd probably hit up 2 other buffets first though before coming back here.  If and when I do come back, I'll let the crab claws sit for a little in case they need to thaw out for a few extra minutes.I will tell ya one thing, for something that's being advertised as the "Only Seafood Buffet in Las Vegas", they could have used more seafood in the buffet.
2	I paid $30 to get in.  I got the tickets at the 1/2 price discount place.NOT worth it!  The food was gross, and bland.  The crab legs were too salty or too bland.  The sushi was not fresh and non tasty.  I was too afraid to try anything else-the food looked like it was sitting there simmering in grease or drying out by the heat.If you don't expect much, then okay you would be happy here.Okay so the desserts were pretty good, but this is a seafood buffet.
1	It hurts me to say this but I am very, very disappointed. I have been to this buffet countless times, however, it  had been about 5 years since I was last there. I must say that the quality has definitely deteriorated.I am usually the one that forces my party to go there, but, that wont be the case in the future. These were my reasons for disappointment:Its seafood so I will expect FRESHNESS!The fresh oysters on the half shell were tiny and did NOT taste fresh. The sashimi looked great, but it was WARM...ewwww gross...and flavorless. The TINY lobster tails looked like crawfish, were rubbery and salty. The crab legs were tiny as well, and they were also salty and too much trouble for what they were worth.Ok, they do have a few good things--non seafood items--but they are things you can get at ANY other buffet in Vegas for half the price. They have decent prime rib. And, their desserts are good.All in all, I was soooo sad because I always enjoyed this place. However, it's no longer worth it. Next time I will opt for any of my other favorite buffets (Bellagio, Paris, etc.). Heck, even the Buffet of the World was better
1	Don't get suckered.  The "all you can eat" lobsters are itty-bitty tank-raised things the size of crawfish.  They look and taste like crap.  You're going to know a whole new definition of disappointment when you pay $40 for "all you can eat lobster" and end up staring at a giant metal steam tray overloaded with these gross-looking practically fetal "lobsters."  The rest of the buffet is small and has nothing to distinguish itself from any other second-rate buffet.  I'd rather eat the $8 buffet at the Orleans.  I ate here at Village Seafood once when I moved to Vegas back in '06 and was furious the Rio and with myself when I left.  Never again!
2	SO disappointing....I've been wanting to go here for YEARS!!! Finally had the chance to do so this past trip and I'd hate to say this but it sucked. We got in line about 45 minutes before it opens. By the time we got in I walked around to see what I should have. There was "mini" lobster (I didn't even know they were lobster until my fiance pointed out), snow crab legs, sushi, meat, etc. Everything was BLAH. The oysters didn't look very fresh, the crab legs were fishy, the mini stir fry lobster was salty. You get the idea. I wouldn't go back here and pay $40 for dinner.
5	The best buffet for the price in Vegas!  Technically not on the strip, but I took the free shuttle from Paris which leaves every half hour.  My favorites were the prime rib, King Snow Crab Legs, and shrimp.  Pizzas and desserts were good as well.  I pretty much stayed away from the sushi, as I normally do at buffets, but it looked good enough to try.  The spread was diverse and my only suggestion would be to stay away from the real authentic stuff.  For some reason I decided to try their Pho and it was very uh, non-authentic.  Stick to the goods and you'll be fine.*Breakfast $14.99 plus tax, 8am-11am Mon-Fri,*Lunch $16.99 plus tax, 11am-3:30pm Mon-Fri*Dinner $23.99 plus tax, 3:30pm-10pm Nightly*Saturday & Sunday Champagne Brunch $23.99 plus tax, 8am - 3:30pm
2	I've been here years ago and was like WOWED! They had all kinds of lobster tails, stuffed, steamed, grilled, etc. Everything was super fresh and I loved to come here whenever my mom would take us to Vegas. I came back after a few years, once I moved here. Came with my BF and he was all excited too. Like me, its been a while and he remembered it as fantastic. I was disappointed that its not quite the same. Yes, there was fresh crab legs and they were well cooked not dry,  the limited sushi options was fresh looking (mackerel was good, others okay), a few of the cooked fish was nice, but lobster I was expecting something else. Small steamed lobster tails- almost giant crawfish sized. They got rid of the variety and though these were alright- they werent the same quality as before. I thought you can't kill baby lobsters but maybe I'm wrong about the fishing laws or this is some sort of different variety of mini lobsters. They were pale and small as shown in some of the profile pictures like Anne T's pic....some of the pics though like Tracy N's and Freddy B's look good! I just don't know how I feel about that inconsistency. I feel a bit jipped. One of the lobsters had a leg left that was a bit long for a lobster. Something isn't right or that was one freaky deformed lobster! Desserts are fair- the gelatos were really nice. $38 dollars during a weekend dinner. I think if you didnt have it at it's peak, some can enjoy it but I just cant go knowing what it was, what it still should be and I know I can get better elsewhere. I'm going to Wynn and Bellagio for the price and there I am not disappointed with the spread and quality.
4	Great food good price, Highly recommended for sea food lovers.
3	Spent 4 hours here and I'm surprised they didn't try to kick out my friends and me! I didn't think their seafood buffet was the greatest buffet I ever ate or anything. The food items were hit or miss. I was one of the first to finish eating because I got bored of the food selection.I actually enjoyed the dessert section more than anything else.
2	They are NOT lobsters.  Instead they are "Squat Lobsters" which are more closely related to the hermit crab.  Wikipedia it.With that being said, during my visit here in January 2009, the squat lobsters left me a bit dissatisfied.  I honestly wouldn't mind their small size if they all tasted good (since we ARE at a buffet), but some were cooked decently and some were rubbery and some were mushy...in other words, don't come here for the "lobster."  BUT looking at one person's pics here on Yelp (Tracy N.), I'm seeing her Squat Lobster looking a lot better than what we had, and bigger too, so I'm confused if this is an older photo or not.Anyway, the rest of the food is reminiscent of that found at your typical $13.99 buffet.  The gelato was pretty damn good though.Although it's been over a year ago since my last visit, from the looks of recent reviews, it hasn't changed much.  VILLAGE SEAFOOD BUFFET, PLEASE STEP YOUR SEAFOOD GAME UP.I think we paid a little over $40 each.  Well un-worth the price and 45 minute wait.
2	WTF! those werent lobsters! they looked like big langostinos!ugh, wasted $40/head at this spot thinking they had lobster.grrrrr, the bf & i were so irritated. the bf ate it & said it wasnteven all that great. the thing that irritated us most was thatwe looked for the lobster & the carver lady said 'oh you guyswere just by it." & directed us to the langostinos. ugh, whatevs.those are NOT lobsters. anyway, the prime rib was pretty good,& the dessert aisle had good gelato & dessert shots. & the restwere mixed styles of seafood from mexican to asian. bewarethough! the nachos were sitting the closest to the asian sectionso our friend poured asian mustardish dressing on top of hisnachos thinking that it was really nacho cheese. funny but sad.
3	another star lost. the buffet is definitely not what it used to be.  or am i just getting pickier?  king crab legs were too salty. sashimi tuna was way too fishy.  salmon and yellowtail were ok.  king crab claw is still king.  lobster tails got smaller.  but the gelato bar... yumquality went down.  definitely.
1	As you walk in, you think that with so much seafood you can't eat anything wrong. WRONG! I have eaten here twice and ended up with the worst food poisoning each time. First time I though I was just sick but few months later when back in Vegas, we came here again since my friends wanted to do the Seafood Buffet. It happened again. I have no idea what is in the food or how fresh it is that makes me sick every time. On the second trip 2 other friends also got sick. I don't know what others experience is but I am not coming back. The casino is fun but this Buffet makes me too ill to return.
4	WOW! Village Seafood Buffet you had me at Sea... Why would you need a Seafood Buffet, when every buffet in Las Vegas has Seafood?  If you are like me sometimes you go to the buffet JUST for the seafood. If you skip all the other dishes and head straight to the seafood, Village Seafood Buffet located in the Rio Hotel is for you! My first time staying at Rio.. I was getting ready to go to the Carnival World Buffet (which is Las Vegas largest buffet), but I read about the Seafood Buffet AYCE Seafood, lobster, king crap, and oysters. WHATT???!!! Oysters and Lobster! That's a first! Every Buffet has king crap and shrimp, but raw oysters? YUM! At around $38 dollar per person, this buffet easily rivals Wynn Buffet for the most expensive buffet in Vegas. After checking in to the hotel I received a coupon book with $10 bucks off. How could I say no? When you first enter the buffet it looks sorta like Todai (YUCK don't ever go there!!), but a lot better. I highly recommend going for the Oysters and King crab first. Also, another great strategy would be eat the raw foods first and go for the cooked seafood later. I would not recommend using the same fork for raw and cooked food, maybe you can wipe it off with a napkin. Keep you stomach happy and you will be a true AYCE specialist. Oysters were awesome! No fishy taste or smell means they are fresh! King crab legs and claws with butter and I'm in heaven. The cocktail shrimp was pretty normal. I was hoping they would be jumbo shrimp like Wynn and pre-peeled. The lobster tail did not blow me away. I expected something like Boston lobster or at least lobster tail with butter, but instead I received chopped up lobster tail with pieces of shrimp. If it weren't for the shells, most people would not be able to tell the difference between mini lobster tails and shrimp. This did not look like the images on the TV outside of the buffet. Keep it simple don't fry my lobster! This method dries out the lobster at that point you might as well just cock shrimp, its cheaper. Just broil it and give me some lemons and butter. There are other items like steak and some Asian cuisine, but I recommend skipping those items completely and focus at the task at hand which is concur the seafood! The other items are delicious, but save it for another day another buffet. Man vs. SEAFOOD Only please! Get your 40 dollars worth. Stock up for all the days you wanted seafood and couldn't have it. Another side note... the desserts were very disappointing. I think I have more options of dessert in the frozen section of a grocery store. No pies or cakes just mini tart things and by mini I mean MINI. The gelato or ice cream what ever it is. Didn't taste like gelato, ice cream, or frozen yogurt so I'm not sure what it was exactly. The coffee "gelato" did not taste like coffee. It taste more like a sbucks frappuccino after the ice melts and its just cream and ice water. Next time I will skip the dessert and just eat the seafood. *Small disappointment.. where the Cajun/ creole food?? I want some gumbo, jambalaya or at least some Lobster bisque. The service was great! Servers constantly empty the shell baskets and refilled my delicious ice tea and coffee.Highly recommend for seafood ONLY. Get ready to get your hands dirty and enjoy the freshest seafood you have ever tasted in the middle of the desert. Bring a friend and coupon. Enjoy.
4	What can I say.. this place is honestly a seafood lover's dream come true! Lobster tails, oysters, crab (both cold & hot), & different variations of shrimps, clams, & mussels. The buffet could be a little bigger but it has stolen my heart nonetheless! Second only to it's sister buffet - the Rio Carnival World Buffet!
2	Friend of mine told me about this seafood buffet that I should check out at the Rio. Took a chance and went yesterday night. The wait wasn't too bad. $38 plus tax per person. Opened till 10:30pm on Fridays and Saturdays. Open till 10 all other days. I thought it was a little pricey for what I ate. I tried a little bit of everything. The duck was very good. and so was the fish. The cocktail shrimp was ok. The deep fried fish didn't taste like fish. A lady asked where the lobster was and when I saw it... I was surprised.. it looked like craw fish but a little bigger and a little bland. Definitely not the same as you think it would be when you think of lobster. Was ok but nothing rave about. The prime rib was ok but awfully salty. The dessert variety was good. The fruit with cream in a chocolate cup was tasty. The gelato was ok. Texture is off a little. It's an okay option if you like seafood. They have a lot.
4	On the fence about this place! Being a self-proclaimed seafood buffet, I expected a great variety of seafood. There were some, but not a whole lot. I'd say, it's comparable to the other buffets. Plus being a seafood buffet should mean good quality and tasting seafood. I'd say, not to par.Seafood to skip: raw oysters (not fresh; looked frozen and thawed), raw clams (sand), crab legs (mushy), lobster tails (non-existent), any cooked fish (overcooked and tough)Seafood to get: Cold mussels, cooked mussels, cooked clams, scallops, shrimp creoleThe seafood made up of less than 1/4 of the food available. Therefore, it was very misleading to be called a seafood buffet. But once I got past the whole seafood ordeal, the rest was enjoyable. The sashimi was pretty good for a buffet. And their meats and pasta were tasty as well. Best of all was their dessert area. I felt like a kid in a candy store! My eyes widened at all the trays of neatly placed desserts. And can someone please get me that gelato machine?!$38 for a seafood buffet didn't seem bad. But after the meal, that price felt a bit steep. 3.5 stars for food and price. +0.5 for our awesome server!
1	UPDATE- ITS "LOBSTER" NOT LOBSTER!!!!!!Remember in my review I said I found a long leg? Yeah, it wasn't a deformed one and it bothered me. Yeah I know this was a review months ago but I HAD TO figure it out as little shit bothers me. I'm very sad to know they did the switcharoo on us and giving us the cheaper stuff. Yeah looked at lobster fishing laws and yeah, I was right about them not being able to harvest lobsters of a certain size so it got me delving further......and so did more research and the lobsters they serve here are NOT the usual "true"(american or spiny) lobster that we all are thinking of (they used to but not anymore). Look at the pale color and the fact that the flat shaped heads or legs are no where to be found which gives it away as a faux lobster or another suspicion is that it is flown in already "prepped" and possibly fresh frozen since the tails all had different consistencies- one okay one, one dry, on mushy, one chewy...wtf and then I stopped after that.  Its a SQUAT LOBSTER.....a Squat is also called a "langostino". It normally is used in very heavy "yum yum" sauced sushi rolls and as a base to make soups and minced meat seafood products and are rarely used in pure tail form as its flavor and consistency is not as great as it's cousins. I also asked a fisherman who said I was correct in my research. Just thought to put that FYI out there incase people were psyched about All you can eat American/Spiny Lobsters. It's kinda a lobster still, but miles different. It's like the difference between getting KRAB and real Crab.
5	After a day of flashing lights, smoke, gambling, and drinking I lumbered into the Rio Seafood Buffet.Like a lot of red-blooded Americans I enjoy an occasional gorgefest. I loaded up 3 thick-sliced ribeye steaks and 3 giant stacked platefuls of crab legs. During that hour of my life, I was in a beautiful trance-like euphoria.I walked out refueled and refreshed and was ready for a fun Vegas night.
4	We've been going to the Rio for years and somehow missed this place. The last few times we've gone to Vegas, we manage to fit this super seafood buffet in. It's kind of pricey for a buffet, but honestly, it is the best I've ever been to in Vegas, and you'll get it for about a third less than the seafood restaurant in the same hotel/casino. Add to it that you can go back for seconds or thirds, and it's a bargain. They offer fresh crab legs, raw shrimp, sushi, plus all types of cooked fish, fried shrimp, and calamari. There is a Latin section, American Section, Asian section, salads, fruit, and of course deserts, which include cakes, pies, and Italian ices.The only downside is that you can't take any away or out of the buffet. No brown bags. Bring the kids, they'll like it.
4	This buffet is great. Of course they have food other then seafood, but I suggest you ignore those foods. They are filler. Stick to the seafood and desserts. You can ask the guys behind the counter to steam some of the crab legs for you.Know that the buffet is going to cost you somewhere around $40-$50/pp so come hungry to and eat your fill.The decor is standard Rio buffet. I would like to see them class up the joint a bit, but the food is pretty tasty.
3	I'm pescatarian so I gave this a try. It's good, not great, and they offer much more than just seafood: tacos, etc. My takeaway here was that having a good meal at a good restaurant is always much better than a whole mess of mediocre food at a buffet. It's indulgent, unsustainable, and pushed me that much closer to total vegetarian. Not planning on going back here anytime soon, or any buffet for that matter. I've really got to fit into pants with a smaller waistline than 68.
4	If you like seafood, then this is the place to be in Vegas.  Fresh, crab, lobster, shrimp and much more.  Its about $42 per person, but was worth it to me.  Get there early as there tends to be a long wait.
5	A buffet with lobster tails. Do I need to say more? This is by far the best seafood buffet I've ever been too. Even though they have more than just seafood, it wouldn't be worth the $50 per person to eat anything else. Not all of the lobster pieces was cooked well, but that's why it's a buffet and you can choose what you do and don't want to eat. They also had fillet mignon, but I didn't care for the pesto that it was smothered in. The dessert also impressed me. They have some of the best gelato in vegas. Come on an empty stomach because you'll wan to get your moneys worth here.
3	Seafood galore.Came here since I could get comped.  The space isn't very big at all but there is a huge selection of seafood that can make seafood lovers go crazy.    Huge mounds of cocktail shrimp and next to it is a huge pile of crab legs.  It's pretty much the spot to go if you love seafood.  They don't crack the crab legs for you which is good since flavor is preserved but it is also very time consuming... I'm lazy so I rather have the crab legs cut in half.  Lots of oyster for your to slurp them up too ahah.  Oh and as for the "lobsters" they are those tiny ones you see a lot in buffets, which I don't think it really qualifies as lobsters but it tastes good haha.  What are they anyways?  Most of the other seafood items are either grilled or fried, and with the majority of that fried.  They have a lot of other items such as Asian, Italian, or Mexican.  It's not expertly done but it gets the job done.Dessert selection isn't bad and I'm a sucker for creme brulee so if they have it, then it's a plus haha.  Delicious gelato as well, and it is just fun to watch them spin the machine to the right flavors so they can serve you.I probably wouldn't pay the $40ish to come here since I think there are better buffets around but for seafood lovers, it's a good spot.
5	Piles of raw seafood: clams, oysters, sushi, sashimi. Piles of fried clams. Piles of a gazillion types of shrimp. Piles of crab legs. All kinds of fish made in all kinds of ways.If you want to pig out on seafood, this is the place to do it.Service was good, especially for a buffet. They kept the buffet well stocked and the fish was always very fresh. The table staff kept my table free of the piles of shells and plates and my glass full of  iced tea, as I scarfed down everything in sight.
4	If you love seafood, this buffet is for you. It was enjoyable even for someone like me who doesn't really care for seafood. It is a bit expensive at $40/person but we had a buy one get one free coupon so I'm not complaining :)We're at a seafood buffet so we piled on the seafood! Shrimps, crab legs, raw oysters...yumm. THEY HAVE SASHIMI! I love you sashimi. After 2 full plates of seafood, I was seafood-ed out! Time to check out the dessert. They have an ice cream wheel, awesome! I tried the coffee and mango flavors. They also had an "Elvis" flavor...I wonder how Elvis taste like haha.Overall a happy dining experience and wouldn't mind coming back on our next trip.
1	horrible, sushi was not fresh at all like the other reviews have said.  Lobster tail were horrible too.  They did not taste like lobster more like a giant schrimp, crab legs were whatever ,  dessert was horrible.  DO NOT GO HERE... i spent 41 bucks and was mad!
4	Excelent choice for seafood. If you are looking for atmosphere, keep looking. Its insanely loud. I didnt knock off any stars for it, because the food was that good. Its pricey @ $40 a person, but it was well worth the cash. Also, the bussing & waiting staff had the best customer service I've dealt with yet.
5	Best buffet in vegas!!! I love this place. Everytime I am in town, I will always try to come here. The only thing I really eat is the crab legs, crab claws, and shrimp. I have to eat the most expensive stuffs in order to get my money worth!! LOVE LOVE LOVE the crab here. They also have a wide variety of gelato - not too good but good enough to end the meal.
2	I go against my standard of giving 2-stars here, but I don't know if it was just me, but I believe I got sick from the oysters here, I had an upset stomach most of the night and tried to suck it up for the rest of the night. This place is a little too expensive for my taste, I'd seriously be happier with all you can eat sushi for 20+ dollars. I mean it's pretty standard, you can get more at like the bellagio buffet for the exact same amount of money you spend here, and at the bellagio buffet, I didn't get sick...The food was adequate, nothing to scream "awesome" about, but if anything, their little gelato bar was kinda cool. They had like all this crap, but again, you shouldn't spend 40+ bucks here for that...their sushi bar is whatever, but enjoy what you can, people will still go here regardless...so....goood luck?
3	I honestly don't know what all the hype is about this place. Best seafood buffet in Vegas and they can't even de-shell the shrimp cocktail? Seriously, who serves shrimp cocktail with the shell still on it? I guess I'm just a lazy person as I do not have the patience to sit there and take my food out of the shell. Oh, and the lobster tails were dry. Yuck! My friends all had the crab legs but none for me thanks! I refuse to struggle to get at my food. That's just me. If you're not much of a get your hands dirty and work up a sweat trying to eat your meal then try the Bellagio and Wynn buffets. If you like seafood and sitting there de-shelling your shrimp cocktail, crab legs, and what not then by all means this is the place for you!
4	i love seafood, therefore I loved this buffet.  it's a whopping $38/person though -_-i was surprised how much I ate at this place.  the raw oysters, the lobster tails, the sashimi. it was mMmMM MmMmm good. I absolutely loved the dessert bar and their gelato wheel.  The strawberry cheesecake gelato was definitely mMmm MmMm good!!I eventually did get food poisoning, barfed and had diarrhea like crazy.  My bf didn't.  So I'll give this place the benefit of the doubt and still say I'm a fan and will visit upon my next return to vegas.
4	The BEST deal in Vegas!!For just under $40, it's an AYCE seafood buffet. It's always the best $40 I spend in Vegas. LOLAlaskan King Crab legs, giant shrimp cocktail, ceviche, prime rib (carved fresh for you), cedar plank salmon, baby lobster tails, and I can go on and on.... there are so many selections, but I've mentioned the best.Stuff yourself carefully.... and leave just a little space, 'cause the dessert selections are incredible as well. They have excellent mousse cakes and their coffee isn't bad. The last time I was there, they added a gelato selection.... pineapple was delicious!
3	I've been waiting for years to go to this place (last attempt they were closed for renovations) so it pains me to give it 3 stars but I guess it just didn't live up to my lofty expectations.The good:- crab claws, these were delcious, they tasted fresh, not salty, we went for the cold ones, not the hot ones.  They were so good that i had quite a few and maybe missed on a few of the other items in the buffet i probably should've tried!- shrimp, pretty good, similar to the majority of the buffets in vegas.- sushi/sashimi station, the rolls were nothing special, but i wasn't expecting much.  The sashimi was surprisingly good considering the buffet format, i suspect because it's so popular they cut it and turn it over quite quickly.- gelato, tried two flavours, tasted very good!The bad:- the oysters...they looked sick!  they looked like they'd been sitting out there for hours and i feared trying even one would make me sick.- price!  $40 is too much for this buffet, for good crab legs i could definitely find something on the strip for $10 or more cheaper.- calamari, not sure how they found squid so small, these were very tiny and not very good.- cheesecake bottom layer was his sicky sweet syrup that ruined the flavour of the cheesecake.If you're looking to shell out $40 on a buffet I think the Wynn is a better option, and if you're looking to save a few bucks try out the regular rio (non-seafood) buffet.  When we walked by on our way to the half-empty seafood buffet there was a HUGE lineup...
5	This is my favorite buffet in Las Vegas because of all the seafood and all the crab.  There are so many ways to eat crab at the Rio. It's different than just having  iced and frozen crab legs at other buffets.  I liked the oyster choices, too.
4	I'm such a princess, my friends were opening the crab legs and claws for me :) Still such a spectacular experience there. You can never go wrong with plates of oysters and sashimi!Though, I still have a gripe about the salad bar, I wanted to clear my palate but what they offered was very lacking.
4	I heard about the Village Seafood Buffet a long time ago and finally got to try it on my most recent trip to Vegas. Our group of seven arrived at about 8pm and it was nice to see a pretty well-known buffet that didn't have a ridiculous line to get in. The buffet seemed smaller than I expected, and the seating area is not as vast as the others, but I LOVED this buffet! I am a huge fan of the oysters on half shell, crab legs (both chilled and steamed), the crab claws, shrimp - sooo easy to peel and delicious! The day we were there the oysters seemed to be replaced and refilled relatively often, so to me that was a good sign. Yum yum yum! They keep the raw stuff pretty chilled so no worries on that! For those non-raw fans, there is a pretty decent amount of food that is cooked including prime rib (tasty!), grilled fish, among others. GELATO bar and pretty decent selection of dessert. However, when we wanted more crembrulee there was NO MORE!! Very disappointed :( So if you're a fan, grab your crembrulee earlier in the evening! The buffet will put you back a little over $40 including tax for dinner, but I definitely ate my money's worth and didn't have that disgusting post-buffet feeling. Check this place out if you love seafood!
5	This is your next destination after you tried your favorite buffet and the Bellagio buffet during your stay in Las Vegas. Why? Because experience is really quite delicious and they have large selection of good quality food. I recommend it to anyone who needs a good buffet.There are only two minor downsides. The first is that it may be too costly for some. The second is that the line can get long during dinner time. Besides that, it was a fun and enjoyable.
3	considering the fact, buffet food is considerably a "no-no" for me, this place was actually quite decent. background info about me: i'm broke. this place was quite a hefty amount to pay for. most of the food is pretty decent. wasn't overly packed with salt and who knows what. i have yet to find a buffet place with decent sushi. sadly, on the eastern part of the buffet, was the unvisited salad bar. i will give you a couple reasons why:1. lack of decent salad dressings (OIL & VINEAGAR! they even lack the classic)2. rotting veggies.. can you say "hell no"? 3. it's vegas. people rarely often go for salads regardless of taste.one thing i really like about this place, the food is properly labeled. no more of "what did i just eat?" questions running through your mind.
4	Thank goodness I was raised in a pretty traditional Chinese family, because even at a young age I tried and fell in love with all kinds of seafoods.  Thus, my expectations for what Rio calls "the only seafood buffet in Vegas" is for it to be a spectacular and intense party in my mouth.  Did Rio meet my expectations?  Hell yeah... but it does miss its mark by just a bit.  (3.5 stars for this buffet)This joint is one of two buffets at the Rio, and is arguably the more famous one.  When my sexy lady friends (including Angela Y. and Tiffany D.) told me about it, I was expecting it to be only seafood inside, but luckily there's more to it.  For $40 and a fifteen minute wait before seating, you get a large variety of foods that will be sure to hit any taste buds.On the right side of the buffet, there are a lot of hot foods including pastas and even Chinese food (such as dim sum).  In the center masterpiece, you get all of the seafood options you'd expect from a Vegas buffet (grilled, steamed, fried, and of course- raw) along with prime rib.  Finally on the very left side, there is a large dessert area to end your meal on the sweeter side.Tiffany D. and I became eating buddies, so we tackled the seafood first, and here were some hi-lights and low points:[Cold Options]1. Alaskan King Crab Legs - Decent... they were a bit small in my opinion, and took a long time for the workers to refill them afterward.2. Sashimi - Tuna was rubbery!  Blech... the only decent option was salmon, and it's hard to get that one wrong.3. Oysters - I piled all of these on my plate all at once.  They were a bit small for me, but weren't bad at all.[Hot Options]1. Fried Calamari - Not bad at all!  Although  the pieces of squid seemed a bit small for me, I was enjoying these small bites.2. Lobster Tail in Sauce - I'll admit that none of the other buffets have this option.  The lobster tails were very flavorful and not too strong, however, there wasn't enough to go around during the evening.3. Baked Salmon - Good flavors all around.  The herbs that cooked with it gave it an extra kick.After plates of seafood and a slice of prime rib, it was time to dive into desserts.  The gelato here was incredible!  I haven't had much in my life, but these topped it.  The strawberry and coconut flavors were epic, and I remember tasting them again later in the evening after I had burped.  A must try!So for the food I can give it a solid 4 stars (with a few exceptions), however, the service our night was horrendous!  Our waiter was terrible- we had to call him out after he passed us multiple times for our drink orders (non-alcoholic), and I swore that our plates of crab shells were uncomfortably piling up!  I've served before, and can understand when it is busy you can get caught up, but we felt extremely neglected the whole night there, even when it was not busy.The Rio is definitely a must try, but my favorite Vegas buffet awards still go to The Wynn or the Buffet at the M Resort (off the strip).  Parking at the Rio was tough that evening, so be prepared to hunt down a parking space if you come.
4	I would agree with other fellow yelpers that this place is a 3.5 star rating. Yelp should change their rating system to allow a .5 score.  Anyways, this place is a staple of the RIO HOTEL. If you love seafood and want to be a glutton, then go to this place. I was disappointed to know that the lobsters are mini me longastino lobsters. Oh well, still tasted good after marinating it warm butter. The price has gone up over the years so I don't know how much longer they can keep up with the competition. The "M" buffet can rival this buffet any day for a cheaper price.FOOD: BLOCATION: B ( Inside the RIO HOTEL)PRICE: B
1	Don't come here.  Ok, wait... that's not fair.  Come here if you'd like to be disappointed.  That's how I felt after coming here.  I remember those good old days when this place used to offer thick cuts of salmon sashimi.  That's all I would ever eat.  I'd ignore everything else.  Nowadays, there is no such dish.  Instead, they went cheap and rolled it up into a sushi roll.  Bad move, Rio; that's why you guys are dying (well, probably not the only reason).I had to focus on other foods instead: cocktail shrimp (which wasn't peeled for our pleasure), crab legs (which weren't alaskan king crab legs and not cut in half), miniature baby lobsters cut in half (just ok), prime rib (the only good actually).  I felt such a huge disappointment, I ate more tuna and red snapper sashimi instead, but they really do not compensate for the salmon that's missing... I'm still crying over it.
1	I am not happy!  My salmon is even better cooked at home..  I am sad to waste money there.  Beef looked so good so I took some and it turned out to be too salty..  I said on reciept I will leave cash for tip..  They snuck in 20 more on my credit card without my authorization.  There was only 2 of us they cannot automatically add tip to the reciept!  I already left them cash because I didn't expect them to add anything more to my credit.  Theres other buffets in Las Vegas does way better than this place.  Waste of my money.
3	It's pretty expensive and the taste was not fresh enough to be paying this much.  Even though I am not the biggest fan of seafood, I gave this place a try with a group of friends.  If you don't like seafood or raw fish, oysters, crabs and cocktail shrimp then this is not the best place to eat a buffet at.  Food tasted rather plain and normal and not up to par for the price you pay.  I would rather go to a expensive steak house or a real sushi bar, and the piers for fresh seafood.  It's 42 per person and 15% gratuity for party of 10 or more.
2	This place is over rated and expensive.The day I went there wasn't a long line or anything... just bad service. What is it with Vegas people and rude service?The price is ok.. sucked that it didn't come with the 24 hour buffet feast!THE FOOD IS SO BLAH. I think you can pay less and go to the World Rio and get some other pretty good food!2 stars for having raw oysters... NOM NOM NOM.
1	OMG. BAD EXPERIENCE HERE!! I GOT FOOD POISONING...and I actually went to the ER later that week.Anywho, I like seafood but not the biggest fan of it. The cocktail shrimp were good. Selection of worldly cuisines was blah. I enjoyed things that were not worth the hefty price tag- greek cucumber salad and Ms. Vickie's bagged salt and vinegar chips. Hhahah. I know- SAD! Anywho, I probably got sick from the ONE raw oyster I tried. Talk about not fresh! Totally made the end of my Vegas weekend sucky as hell. NOT worth your $$! Go to the Reg Rio Buffet or Wynn or Bellagio. IT WON'T GET YOU SICK!!
3	I have been coming to this buffet for years. I sometimes made trips to Vegas just go eat there. I've taken a few years off, so I was very excited to learn I was going to Vegas for my birthday. I made it my priority to eat here. So on to the review.The first thing I had was the sushi. I'm not even really complaining here. Sushi at a buffet, you get what you get. Not overly fresh tasting, but a decent variety to choose from. I always tell people I didn't even realize they had anything other than crab legs and lobster tails. I did look around, and there is a good variety of food. I still stuck with the crab and lobster though.The crab leg were VERY salty, too salty in my opinion. Another feature of the crab legs that really upset me was that they scored each piece with a saw. I realize this made it easier to break apart, bit it also cut the meat and made it more difficult to extract from the shell. I was not happy about this.Now on to the lobster tails. There were various sizes to choose from. They were all in a big pan. Some were split in half down the middle, these were the larger ones. They smaller tails had their shell sliced down the middle, making it easier to open. There were some of the tails that were mushy. It was rather nasty. The drawn butter was nice. They had plain butter, garlic butter, and chipolte butter. All very good. The desserts were decent. I only had the creme brulee, which was good.All-in-all, i was rather disappointed in this visit to the buffet, and that makes me sad.
3	How many stars can you really give a buffet? The thing with most buffets is that the focus is quantity, not quality. Although the seafood buffet at the Rio in Las Vegas is a touch above many others in food, the atmosphere is just average.I was excited to try this place because of the all-you-can-eat crab legs and lobster tails. Not to mention all the other seafood delights. It was decently fresh for the most part. I'd compare it to what you might find at your local grocer. The steamed crab legs were good, nothing more. The lobster tails were little. I expected at least 4 or 5 oz. tails, but the ones they serve are probably 1, maybe 2 oz. if you're lucky. The flavor wasn't all that great on them either.It was cool to see that they offered crawdads, scallops, different types of fish and shrimp all prepared in styles from around the globe. They had a Mediterranean section, Latin section, Asian section so that you could try seafood in many different styles and flavors.The dessert bar was OK. The best offering it has is the gelateria - I got a cookies and cream gelato that was really yummy.Overall Id' give it 3 1/2 stars for the good selection and decent tasting food. But for the price ($40/person) I'd just as soon have other Vegas buffets that are cheaper yet still offer pretty much everything the Rio does, except for the lobster, for $10 cheaper.
3	crab legs- meh. lobster- size of my pinky finger....major meh. shrimp- not peeled?! come onnnmussels- the seasoned ones were good, the raw ones...not so tasty. oysters- DON'T even bother. The rest of the food was okay...exactly the type of food you would expect to taste from a Vegas buffet. I didn't come here with high expectations, but I did come with a super hungry stomach..which is why I ate A LOT. The dessert station didn't have a huge selection either. My faves had to be the strawberry shortcake, chocolate fondant, and the Elvis gelato. I would come back here again If someone paid for me. I don't really find the Vegas buffets to be worth the money, but out of all the other buffets I have tried on the strip, this is one of the "better" buffets.
4	If you love seafood, you will love this place.  Its a little on the pricey side for a buffet at like $50-60, but you pay almost as much for other buffets and all you get at those places are crab legs.  This place has a huge assortment of all kinds of seafood dishes, everything here was good.  I did not eat one thing I didn't like!
5	I couldn't be any happier. This place is awesome. It is like you're entering in to a heaven full of seafood that is so mouth watering. Everything in here is so delicious and fortunately for us, we did not have to wait that long to enter. If you want to eat at the world best seafood buffet when you're in Vegas, then come here. You would not want to miss out. They have the best Gelato ice cream in every flavor that you can think of. Our waiter was so nice and tentative (be sure to leave a big tip) for even better service.  I absolutely love this place.
2	Well... I was pretty disappointed. I was super psyched to eat a ton of seafood, but omg... no. The oysters had a bunch of grit and sand and the crab legs were still partially frozen! The ones that were thawed were very very salty. UGH. The clams and mussels were good and so was the rest of the offerings, but they were standard buffet fare (enchiladas, pastas, various deep fried dishes).The gelato was very good (except for the melon, which was slimy) and the cakes were also very good, but it wasn't worth it for the money. (Unless you get the 24 hour buffet pass!)
1	Run. If you really want to try it do what we did, tour it first. Dirty and cheap looking. I remember this buffet from a few years ago. It has not changed...
3	The Seafood buffet inside the Rio hotel is a popular one on the strip. (actually, it is not on the strip, but a block on the other side of Highway 15)It costs $39.95 per person. If the line is really long, you can pay $49.95, or ten dollars more, and get in the express VIP line and get in with little wait. This is what I did, because I was meeting some friends who were here 15 minutes before me because I was running late. (Note: The Las Vegas strip traffic is HORRIBLE on a weekend evening! You might move faster on the SF-Oakland Bay Bridge at 8am, or the I-405 past LAX at 5:30pm)The buffet has a huge selection to choose from, and of course a lot of it is seafood. Their are king crab legs, several types of fish in various styles, shrimp, clams, mussels, oysters, clam chowders (New England and Manhattan), sushi, sashimi, etc. Of course, there are offerings that are not seafood, so the meat lover can get something to fill his/her tummy.A lot os desserts or course, of all sorts. I would caution that you be careful with the shellfish,  as it is sitting under hot lights and if they don't move fast, well, you could get some uncomfortable gurgling deep in your gastro-intestinal tract.  The sushi seemed to move faster, so it seemed ok. Your waiter gets you drinks, and general they are good about refills, because they want their tips from you, so leave one for your server if they are giving you good service.
1	As a former tourist and now current resident of Las Vegas, NV when my brother and sister-in-law stated they wanted us to treat them at this buffet we were excited to go. We felt the $43 a pop price was pretty high, but we were treating family. We got there and it was pretty full, and looked pretty trendy, and overrated. Now for the food. The presentation was okay, but the taste was horrible to okay on a lot of the entree items. The ice crab was salty, and the hot crab did not taste that fresh. There lobster was not lobster at all, and to add insult to injury my husband and I both got sick shortly after our trip here.  If I wanted montezumas revenge I would have drank the tap water in Mexico. Thanks for the biggest ripoff in las Vegas.
3	I dont think it compares to Todai.  The slection was great, but for the price you are better off with other buffets.  There are discounts available through Tix 4 Tonite and in some of the magazines.
5	I love this seafood buffet. Many casinos claim to be a seafood buffet but this one really delivers. (There's only one other one that is pretty good and is off the Strip- Sam's Town.) When this buffet first opened, the lines were ridiculous.  If you weren't waiting in line by 4 pm, you'd be waiting for a very long time- seriously. I hadn't been in a while, until within the last few years with my husband- it's going to be an anniversary tradition.The selection is amazing- broken into region types- Mediterranean, Pacific Rim, South America, North America. Langostino lobster (delicious), snow crab legs (a little salty at times but very good), dungeness crab (mmmm), oysters, peel and eat shrimp (with lemon and cocktail sauce- just like at the resident buffet, very good), crawfish (not a fan), sushi (I'll pass- sushi has to be eaten at a real sushi place), and soups (like chowder), just to name a few. The quality of many of the dishes is very good. The dessert station is not as big or impressive as the other resident buffet, but by that time, one has eaten enough, right? Ha-ha, just kidding. I usually save room for dessert. And given the choice, it's almost always ice cream or gelato, in this case. The last time we ate here, there was a wedding party of about 20 people. Seating is mostly chairs and tables, with some booth seating. The ambiance is much nicer at this buffet compared to the regular resident buffet, with artwork is cheeky- fish, but it's cute. The paint colors are warm neutrals, browns. It's not so crowded anymore, maybe could be due to the price. The service is pretty good- drinks refilled and the dirty plates are taken away. The food stations are clean and maintained/refilled. Yes, it can be pricey, but I think that this seafood buffet is actually worth it and not many seafood buffets in casinos are true seafood buffets, either. It seems like these casinos have shrimp and slap on a name, Seafood Buffet, but it's simply false advertising, in my opinion. I've heard that the M Resort's buffet is very good, but we have yet to try it. For now, enjoy coming here though.
4	I honestly can't remember eating anything other than plates full of shrimp with endless tubs of cocktail sauce, but I do remember being happy.  The price is pretty steep so make sure you get your money's worth - hence the heaps of shrimp...Being off the strip is a bit of an inconvenience, but I took the shuttle from Paris to Rio no problem.  Go at least once, but it's not worth going every visit.
1	Oysters and lobster? Hell yeah! Count me in.  Wow, color me disappointed. The oysters were gritty and sandy. The lobsters, crab legs, and prime rib were so salty. But on the flip side, the mussles (even the ones sitting in sauce) were so bland. Everything else was crappy or not worth eating because it was typical "Hometown Buffet" food or worse. I was at least hoping to make a taco or nacho, but they were missing a TON of stuff. No refried beans, black beans, sour cream, etc.  The Mediterranean section was pathetic. How do you equate bagels, smoked salmon, and capers with Mediterranean food? We got jacked!
1	Oysters and lobster? Hell yeah! Count me in.  Wow, color me disappointed. The oysters were gritty and sandy. The lobsters, crab legs, and prime rib were so salty. But on the flip side, the mussles (even the ones sitting in sauce) were so bland.Everything else was crappy or not worth eating because it was typical "Hometown Buffet" food or worse. I was at least hoping to make a taco or nacho, but they were missing a TON of stuff. No refried beans, black beans, sour cream, etc.  The Mediterranean section was pathetic. How do you equate bagels, smoked salmon, and capers with Mediterranean food?We got jacked!
3	I came here with a fairly large group for the dinner buffet. I had such high hopes for this place because I LOVE seafood, but honestly, the quality of the seafood wasn't all that up to par. While there was decent selection and variety, there was also sand in the shellfish. The crab legs were also super salty, so I was a bit disappointed. I have yet to find a really good buffet in Vegas!-L.
5	If seafood doesn't do it for you, then what the hell are you doing coming to a place called Village SEAFOOD Buffet!This is easily the best buffet in all of Vegas. I love seafood and this place does not disappoint. It was something like 42 bucks a person, but all you can eat lobster, crab, oysters, shrimp, shashimi, and more. The Rio is a little off the strip, but this buffet alone has now passed the Wynn and Belagio buffets, in my mind, as the best one in Vegas.
4	Sashimi was super fresh and good!! Line was a bit long but moved quickly. Great place for Seafood.
1	This is the worst seafood buffet I have ever eaten at, and for the money, the worst buffet I've ever tried. All the white fish tasted the same no matter how they seasoned it and was dry. The seafood pasta was gross. Half the problem is the food doesn't turn over fast enough and it sits out in the buffet way to long. Probably because the food sucks and they can never get enough people at the buffet to eat it. The lobster tails sat in this weird broth and looked disgusting. They had this italian NY steak that was as tough as shoe leather....nothing was good here...nothing! I wouldn't pay $10 dollars for this buffet and would rather pay for a meal at the Red Lobster (which is almost as bad) than eat for free at this dump.
5	I really enjoyed myself here, and what I will say next may shock a lot..But I felt it was better than both the Wynn and Bellagio buffet!Yes I just said that. Don't get me wrong the Wynn and Bellagio buffet are top notch as well. They have a much nicer/luxrious atmosphere compared to the Village Seafood buffet. But I came for the food. Perhaps it was because prior to eating at the Wynn and Bellagio, there was A LOT of hype behind them. My expectations were super high from all the reviews that after my experience it was, "yea it was good but that was it?---  that was supposedly the best buffets"I went into Village Seafood not expecting much at all, just heard it was good as well, but no hype or high expections.The decor and atmosphere are well below that of the Wynn and Bellagio. The buffet sections were not as spread out as the aforementioned places, it did make it look more like a dense amount of choices. So it depends how you perceive it.They don't call it the "Seafood" buffet for no reason. They definitely had more choices in seafood compared to the others. Of course its a trade-off wit other items. But I'm not that much of a pig to argue that they were missing other items, because it made up for it with more seafood.All the food tasted great, I went straight to the lobster and crab of course. There is sushi, and they were not bad, but not good either, but no buffet (even the wynn and bellagio) produce a "good" sushi. What really shines is the desserts. The gelato wheel is awesome! The flavors all taste great and refreshing. The other dessert items are absolutely superb as well.The staff that cleans up after your plates are attentive and we had no problems.A line does form as well, but not as much and not as long as the more popular Wynn and Bellagio. I would definitely go here, and after you experience the hype that is of Wynn and Bellagio buffets, give this a shot.
3	3.5 starsWe planned to eat for 40 minutes and leave for our flight.. ended up staying for an hour and I wanted more because I felt bad we didn't finish all the food. I'm not a waster even at a buffet! They are only open for dinners and it's $40 per person. We were excited to see raw oysters but they were shucked and thrown together in the platter so there were bits and pieces of shells and the pile didn't look appetizing. We still plated a few that looked nice and they were okay. I really liked how they separated the cocktail sauce and the horseradish since I love a zing and my bf doesn't but in this case, he liked my sauce better. Like it hot don't you? Muhaha. My boyfriend got tons of king crab legs and those were both of our favorites. Very easy to break apart since they crack it for you beforehand. We got a few of stone crab legs and they were more difficult to get the meat out since the shell is like the name implies, like stone! Even though the shells were a little cracked, it still took a some elbow grease to get the meat out. Then we had to remove the cartilage before consuming the overcooked and sadly bland stone crabs.I really liked a white pasta shell dish they made. It was covered with baked cheese and there was a little tuna and peas inside. Really lovely. I went back for another helping I enjoyed it so much. Near the pasta is a green bean, squash and broccoli dish that was delicious because it was mixed in butter. Way to be healthy right? Eat greens drowned in butter. Oh yeah!DO NOT get the raw clams. I don't think people usually get them so they sat out on ice for a long time.. smelled a little rancid like dirty butt which is never a good sign.Got a slice of the prime rib and I asked for medium rare. I usually get rare but this time, it looked too raw for me.. seriously too raw and I like it red! The medium rare was surprisingly tender and juicy. I quite enjoyed myself eating it! The desserts were really good. They have a strawberry shortcake that I love love loved and a great helping of fresh fruit. The eclair was a little too egg-ie and the custard a little too firm for my liking.. actually I noticed the other Rio Buffet had the same problem with their eclairs too. They probably make desserts at one location and send it to the other buffet to save time. Way to be efficient!Overall, we enjoyed ourselves but the price was a little steep. If we weren't pressed for time, I would have enjoyed myself much more and not eaten like a pig while checking the clock. Sorry to the people who saw us eating!
3	About a month ago, I started craving Las Vegas's Rio's Seafood Buffet out of the blue. Good thing I was slated to run the Vegas marathon a few weeks later. As the race day neared, I thought more and more about the obscene quantity of seafood I would consume once I finished my marathon. After all, one of the perks of running 26.2 miles is that you get to eat whatever you want before and after the race without feeling an ounce of guilt (at least in theory).Thus, to my mild disappointment, the seafood buffet never really lived up to what I expected it to be. Surprising, because I've been here before--Oh how I've been here before... I'd say this was my 6th or so visit to the seafood buffet, and in all honesty, I don't know why I keep coming back. At $39.99 + tax and tip, it's hardly a bargain. I mean, if their seafood was the best I've ever had, I might not mind, but it's "good" at best...not even "great".Yes, they have baby lobster tails, hot and cold crab legs, deep fried scallops-clams-shrimp, as well as an assortment of sushi, but at the end of the day, it's all seafood I could live without, especially at that price.
3	I really wish i can give Rio Seafood Buffet a higher rating, i really really do.What do everyone look forward to at any high end buffet? THE CRAB LEGS. With the Seafood Buffet, its a hit or miss. There are days when they bring out multiple types of crab legs. But man today...only opilio crab legs...i mean it was really good but it was pretty salty. Actually a lot of the dishes were a bit salty. I know its seafood, but there's a difference between salty and briney. The raw clams and oysters were still good, but sigh* really nothing spectacular. And that's the problem. NOTHING STOOD OUT. Nothing tasted great. it all tasted...OKAY. I really wish i can say more for this buffet. It is just so disappointing...it seems to have so much promise, but it just sort of rests below the high standard of Buffets that Las Vegas is known for. however, dessert is good. dessert is really good. Creme brulee, gelato wheel. Mmm so so amazing. but that's it. And i am not particularly fond of desserts. But for every fail, there's still a Wynn.
3	Oh its been way too long since I've been here! Years perhaps. From what I had recalled from my first visit, it had left me with great impressions on repeat visits. Years later to present day......Prices jumped from $25 to $39. Full lobsters down to baby lobster tails. I still give it some degree of positivity with the crab legs still being up to par. However, with uprising competitors elsewhere, this will be known as the original Seafood buffet and of the past. Sushi tasted semi-fresh. But, I felt my money's worth could have gone spent elsewhere for more prime food be it seafood or not. Sadly, to my disappointment, this will be my last. Thanks for the memories!
2	I have heard so much about this buffet over the years. I finally gave it a try. What a disappointment. $42 bucks down the drain. The sushi was blah and I wish I would have seen some of the items in the photos on Yelp. The other choices looked no better than any other $10 buffet I've been to in Fresno. Next time I'm  in Vegas I'm going to try the $13 seafood buffet at the South Point.
3	I finally got to try the seafood buffet that many acclaim to be the best in town!I can't say I know what everyone is referring to when they call this the best.  I certainly didn't think so.YES, there was a variety of seafood -- crab legs, clams, mussels, oysters, sashimi (tuna and some other fish that was taken out of a air-sealed package marked from Taiwan - how fresh can that really be?!), shrimp, stone crab claws, crawfish, and tiny tiny lobster tails in a stir-fry dish.NO, there was not much in the realm of quality! It was at average, at most!  A lot of dishes were overcooked.  Shrimp were mushy, some oysters had sand.  I tried a Cha Xiu Bao, and it was hard as a rock.  Tuna sashimi was stringy.  The prime rib was good though.Did I mention a meal here comes to about $45 per person? I thought Wynn was pricy!  But this was about the same.  Yes, there was tons of seafood options, but when it comes to seafood, I need good quality!There was a great variety of desserts.  The gelato bar was awesome for buffet style quality - pistachio, dark chocolate, strawberry, melon, elvis (peanut butter), and moree!Our server was very nice and attentive.  He kept on getting us drinks and emptying our garbage in the middle of our table.Maybe I went on a bad day, I soo wanted to like this place!  Our friends said the quality went down from the last time they went there.
3	So before leaving to Vegas, 3 people recommended the "RIO seafood buffet" to us because it's supposedly SOOO bomb. Walking in there with high expectations, my bf and I were really disappointed. Honestly, this place was really not worth the 90 bucks for the both of us. The beef (iono wut it was), was SOOOOOOOO salty..it was really unbearable. the seafood itself was just okay to me. I've tasted better at other buffets.
4	Stretchy pants!! That's what I recommend to wear while eating here. Their carnival buffet surely is a "carnival." There is so much food and the variety of food takes you on a mini trip around the world. It's great! Especially if you're like me and like to try a bit of everything. There's a selection of Asian, Mexican, American, Italian, and so much variety of food. It gives you a chance to venture out and try things you normally wouldn't eat.We got a great deal by purchasing meal tickets from the tix 4 tonight booth. We scored buffet tickets for half the price. The quality if the food isn't as good as the Wynn or Bellagio but it's very good for the price. It's definitely worth it and it offers the biggest buffet selection I've seen on the strip.
4	Kinda expensive at $40 per person, but aMust do for your Vegas experience! The seafood was plentiful, service was excellent and food actually had flavor to it. This is definitely not your typical buffet. Enjoy!
5	This place is so good that i went twice within 5 days. Pricey but i think i ate my weight in lobster tails tonight. If you are a local and have a players card you get 25% off. My mom and I paid about $64 instead of the regular $84 for 2 people. Oysters, mussels, clams, shrimp, crab legs, lobster tails, sushi, sashimi, chinese, mexican and way to much more to list. And the desserts???? OMG!!!! 2 words....creme brulee. Service is great, if you get the right person.
4	Oysters.  I love oysters. I think I ate about 2 dozen oysters in one sitting.  They were small, sweet and very fresh.  Also, I loved the warm crab legs but those you had to fight for them!  There were also great fried calamari, shrimp, scallops! The food was super fresh because we got there super early, right when it opened. I loved how the place wasn't too crowded at 3:30pm.  There was also lobster, which oddly enough, not a lot of people ate because it was in a different section.  I didn't try much of the other foods.  If i'm going to a seafood buffet, all I want is seafood! But, the gelato was a plus! I loved how there were a lot of different flavors.  I tried a little of each one. Yay for Vegas buffets!
1	If it weren't for the wonderful friends I would have walked.  So far I have stood for 2 hours and still have not gotten in.
3	I've heard that they are one of the better seafood buffets in Vegas so even though they are not on the strip, we drove above the bridge to try out the seafood buffet there.We got the tix @ $10 discount per person at tix4tonight .. (but we had to be in before 6 which was OK because we were going to a show @ 7:30)so ended up paying $30+ per person I think ? they do have a lot of seafood selection available, but didn't exactly taste good. .. I mean I was eating the seafood there because I wanted to get my money's worth, not because they were particularly good.If you can get the discount tix, they might be OK but next time I'm in Vegas, I'm going back to Bellagio or Wynn for the seafood buffet ...
4	I looove this place. I want to fly back to LV just to eat here!  I would get a full plate of crab legs, lobster tails, claws.. I try to eat little to no starch in this meal, I want to fill up on seafood! It's always fresh and there's so much variety.It's kind of pricey at about $40 per person, and it's always busy. The environment is pretty loud/packed and is like eating in a school cafeteria during lunch time. Make sure to have an empty stomach before coming here!The desert looks good, but it's nothing special to me. The ice cream wheel is cool though, there's many flavors to choose from.
3	I was quite disappointed with this buffet considering the high cost (more expensive than the Wynn & Bellagio).  The seafood selection was only mediocre.  The set up of the food station was not efficient as everyone had to wait between 10-15 minutes in line for the prime rib and seafood.  I was even more disappointed when I found out they didn't have creme brulee at the dessert station.  The worker there told me we have to wait 10 minutes.  It took them 20 minutes to get the creme brulee out and it wasn't even as good as the ones from the Wynn and M buffet.  All in all, it was only an okay buffet with limited food selection and okay desserts.
3	I've ate here a few times.  It's a bit pricey $35 for the seafood buffet.  They do give you an assortment of seafood.  Service is okay.  It can get very crowded on the weekends.
2	Reading all the reviews and seeing the LONG line for this place the last time I was at the Rio years ago, I expected much more than what we got.  Being a huge seafood fan, I was really looking forward to coming here.Sadly, I was very disappointed by the quality and selection of seafood.  My friend and I got the Buffet of Buffets card and did the $15 upgrade to get into this place.  Honestly, if I had to do this over again, I would ONLY go there if I had the Buffet of Buffets card and paid the extra $15.  It's definitely NOT worth the $40 or so they charge.  If I'm going to pay that much for a seafood or buffet by itself, I would go to the Bellagio or Wynn hotel instead and pay the extra $10 or so more it costs there for the better quality.We got there at 8 pm on a Friday night, and we waited about 10 minutes in line, and then another 10 minutes or so to be seated.  Overall, it wasn't a long wait.Once we got in, I did a scope of the entire place and went directly to the hot seafood.  There, I found very small halves of lobster tails (about 3 inches long, 1/2 inch wide) each.  Of course, we grabbed a bunch of it.  The redeeming factor was that there were large, plump and crispy (which means they were fresh) shrimp in that mix of lobster tails.  There weren't many, but I picked out a lot of the ones I saw.Then, I went on and got some oysters.  To my sad disappointment, they were frozen and thawing.  I could tell, because they had ice on them, and when I ate one, they were partially frozen.  They were okay, considering this is the only buffet I went to on this trip (along w/ Paris and PH) that even had oysters.  Once thawed, it smelled and tasted clean, though nothing very exciting.Honestly, those were the only seafood worthy things I ate.  The crab claws and long crab legs were just okay.  You can tell seafood isn't good because it's mushy.  Fresh seafood is plump, crispy (for shrimp and lobster), and juicy.  The only fresh thing I ate was the shrimp in the lobster tail mix.  Other cold shrimp elsewhere were pretty small and didn't look appetizing to me.  I don't like seafood cold, honestly.Anyway, the only other redeeming thing about this place was the variety of desserts.  But even then, they were good, but not great.  If you're okay with just getting small lobster tails, a few plump shrimp (there weren't many in that mix), and some once frozen oysters, then this place would be worth your extra $15 to add to your Buffet of Buffets card.  But by itself, it's not worth it.  Most buffets offer the cold crab legs, if you want that.  Nothing else here was unique, as most other buffets offer the same things.
2	I was just here this past Friday,  I went because the birthday girl wanted to go. I left feeling ripped off. The fish had a 'fishy' smell like it wasn't fresh. The crab legs were harder to open and the prime rib was not very tender. The only redeeming part of this meal was the cookies and cream gelato. That was more like ice cream than gelato. I will probably not be back even if other people want to go. It was $40+ Tax and tip so it was about $50/person since our group was big enough that they added the tip to the cost.
3	This is not a bad place if you need to have an excessive amount of seafood for dinner. It was a bit over $40 for the buffett so being your appetite to make it worth it. The food quality was not bad for a Buffett though.....except for the lobster. Overall, not a bad place to eat if you have a large hunger for Seafood.
3	3.5Las Vegas. 12:30 pm. 40 minute wait on a weekend buffet.I was disappointed at their choices. I expected more selections on a sunday lunch since it was a "champagne brunch". Food is bland. and the only good part was the desserts.
2	Over-rated. Won't recommend nor come back again.
1	Um... no, and no.For $40 you can definitely get a better buffet elsewhere. We got the discounted price of $28.99 and it was still not worth it.Oysters, dried up. Clams and mussels, sandy. Prime rib, tasteless. Sushi, thrown around. Desserts, sad. 'This is coming from someone who LOVES buffets. I'm happy at Hometown Buffets. So no and no. Never again.
4	I go to this buffet every time I'm in Vegas.  It's been delicious the times I've been there.  The lobster, crab legs and shrimp are great.  Some stuff is just mediocre but they have so many things that aren't.  This is the best buffet I've been to in vegas (the breakfast buffet at Paris is a close second).  But anyway I loved it and I will be back =]
5	.., stopping by @ Rio's buffet has always been a tradition w/ my friends & I whenever we leave Vegas. This last time was a 1st for my gf & I. Expect to wait, because the lines here are neverending. We usually wait 30 mins to an hr. But this time we bought the backstage 24 hr. buffet pass from Paris which allows you to eat & choose from buffets such as: the Rio, Planet Hollywood, Caesar's, Paris, etc. It was only $45 but it was totally worth it. An employee pulled us out of line & took us directly to the front VIP style. It was awesome. Our server was very good as well, very attentive & always nearby. I had 5 rounds of food including breakfast, fish & chips, crab legs, pizza, nachos, pho (yes I said pho), Tiramasu gelato, eclairs, & some delicious waffles. Everything I had was on point. I was however dissapointed by their clam chowder. I had been eye-balling it the whole time & wanted to save it for "desert". When I finally came to it, it did not look appealing what so ever. It had a weird consistency & looked awful, I put my bowl back & went with their Tiramasu gelato. Stop by on your way in, out, & inbetween Vegas!
5	Complete mouth orgasm when it comes to all the food at the Rio buffet.  I love this place!  My bf and I went here with a couple of our friends and had bought this new deal they have where you buy a wristband for $45 but it gives you all access to eating within 7 chains of buffets (Rio included) as many times as you CAN within a 24 hour period. I wish I would have just gone here in that whole time slot we had.  It's seriously the best buffet I've been to in Vegas.  The crab legs were so juicy and meaty that how much I ate of that alone got me my wristband's money's worth.  They have everything you could possibly want in food and its all seperated by the countries the foods are from.  The gelato desserts were my favorite and the service was up to par.  Our server was so attentive, we did not need to ask her for a thing.  She even gave us those shell crackers as soon as she saw our crab legs on the table.  I swear at one point, I was getting ready to put my finished plate down and she came out of no where and grabbed it before it even hit the table.  I highly recommend coming here when visiting Vegas and you might as well get that wrist band to make your meals worth it because you can eat here probably an extra 2 more times for $45 versus a one time sitting for $30 with out the band.  And even though there's still a wait, once your wristband gets scanned, you skip the rest of the line and they seat you right away after...bonus!
4	[Brian's take on star ratings (restaurants): 5 - I'd request my last meal from here and service was spectacular, 4 - A shortcoming or two but still fabulous, 3 - Not my cup of tea but definitely may be someone else's, 2 - I would not return here, 1 - Not only was the food bad but the service was poor.] Wow, a very diverse range of reviews for this place here on Yelp.Honestly, it's as good as a Seafood buffet can get. Seriously.Think about it. It's impossible to have the best cuts of sashimi, the finest lobster tails, the sweetest shrimp, the tastiest oysters, etc. for a buffet that people pay $30 to enter. If you're expecting Nobu-quality fish or fresh-from-Maine lobster tails at a buffet, you deserve a punch in the face.For what you pay, the food is more than adequate. Much more in fact.There is definitely a difference between the oysters here vs. all the other LV buffets. They are fresher & also 95% detached, enough so that a light nudge with your fork fully detaches them, ready for enjoyment. The sushi/sashimi is a cut above (pun intended). Essentially I found most everything was very good & compared favorably with the various and numerous competing LV buffets.Quick tip: there's a marinated steamed shellfish mix towards the outer ends of each side; there are mini lobster tails in this melange of shellfish. Easy pickings, and grabbing 4-5 of these tails is basically your $30 back.Do NOT forget the "Elvis" gelato for dessert. Thank me later.
2	long ago, i began to fear that having worked at a seafood restaurant company had ruined me to seafood.  that is, learning (extensively) from those who reeeeally know in great detail what the difference between good quality and meh quality seafood is, i feel like i will generally be a tough critic of seafood.  i love it so much, but it is my love for it that rejects substandard stuff.  with that said:the good:*  lots of selection and broken out by cuisine style*  clean*  good customer service*  the desserts*  reasonable price for a seafood buffet ($42 after tax)the bad:*  the raw fish (sushi, sashimi, some of the ceviches, and oysters) was just plain poor quality.  like, C- grade seafood.  ugh, especially the tuna.  *  the fried fish (calamari, shrimp, catfish) was mushy.  not overfried, but like it wasn't cold enough before being put in a fryer.  weird texture.*  the steamed crab legs were overcooked.  crab legs are delicious, so the taste was still good, but again, the texture was bizarre.the mediocre:*  everything else.  like i said, there were a lot of things to select from at this buffet.  interestingly, the duck was really effin' good.  but, it definitely did not live up to the ranting and raving i'd heard about it.  yes, there are seemingly limitless amounts of some of the finer things in life, like lobster, crab legs, and other delicacies... but just because they are plentiful does not ensure that they are good.  that was my experience.  the desserts were spectacular for it not being a dessert place.  i mostly highly recommend the mini strawberry shortcakes and mini chocolate cannoli.
5	My favorite seafood buffet in VEgas
4	This is the best buffet is VEGAS! My family would ALWAYS go to this buffet when we're in Vegas because they have such good food. Everything was just really good and we always have a good time here because we would see the parade after dinner everytime. We only come here during the Christmas/ New Years holidays, so I don't know how it is here during the regular days but it's pretty delicious during holidays.
4	Right up there with The Buffet at Wynn as being my favorite Vegas buffet! Awesome seafood selection! Their oysters don't quite do it for me and the stone crab claws are bland, but the king crab legs, shrimp, and crawfish are always piled high on my plate!The best part is their dessert selection! LOVE their gelato station and the creme brulee is a must as well. Really fun place for a group who's down to get messy =) Everyone felt they got their $42 worth! Don't forget the free shuttles to and from Paris/Hilton.
3	The seafood buffet is around $30-40 per person.  There is a large selection.  But, all the food is kinda old/cheap tasting.  I would rather eat good seafood at a non-buffet than at this place.
4	I really like this seafood buffet!! It's on the pricey side for $50 a person, but this is vegas!!!Everything on this buffet is good and fresh!! They put out big chunks of sashimi out!! Two different type of crabs and also baby lobster tails!!!The roast beef and turkey breast is good and also a huge selection on desert!!!
4	We went to this buffet our first night in Las Vegas and loved it.  Granted not everything was perfect.  For example if you want great sushi and sashimi then don't go to a buffet.  Bite your tongue and go to a place that specializes in fresh made items and don't cringe when you get the tab.  If you want crab legs only then you could skip the higher prices and just go to the Carnival Buffet at the Rio as it appeared to be the same crab legs.  Also I love spicy food and it seemed to me that most of their food was geared to those that like milder food.  So I only gave it four stars.  Still I would go back despite all this.
2	I stumbled upon this place after eating elsewhere, but luckily had the 24 hour buffet pass and decided to feast again. After waiting in line with many people possibly over 350 pounds (I'll be there someday), I was told I needed to pay an additional $15 to enter!The oysters on the half tasted disgusting. The only acceptable seafood was the crab legs and the mussels, which are cheap anyways.I was infuriated by the extra cost of this buffet considering the lack of overall quality of the seafood items. The waitress also told me that I looked about 16 and took my ID into the light to examine it. How rude.I heard full retail price is $50 which is completely ridiculous. I was so stuffed after this buffet I tried to vomit in their bathroom with no success. I had to take a taxi back to my hotel because I couldn't walk on two legs.
3	Heard a lot of praise for this buffet, but was disappointed when I got to try it out.  Nothing was particularly bad, but not really outstanding either.  Hot seafood dishes seemed to be replenished frequently, but some of the other side dishes were a little dried out (went early dinner time), like they'd been on the warmer for a while.  Cold seafood was cold, not a problem there, but again was nothing outstanding.   Service was so-so, server not too happy at work apparently.
3	Never had a chance to Yelp this so let's go!Me and my group of friends dined here a whiiile back. SEAFOOD MADNESS! I remember seeing piles of plates with crab legs and butter everywhere. A bit pricey and too out of the way. We took a shuttle from one of the hotels to get here so no inconvenience. I've had better
5	Price: Very cheap at $25 for dinnerCustomer service: Awesome!  Our waiter was so friendly and constantly came around to collect plates and refill drinks.Food: So many to choose from! You will never be able to try every single thing they have in one meal.  I am definitely going back to try more in October.
5	It's a love hate relationship with this place...You will love the buffet and hate yourself afterward.  As for buffet goes, I still think this is one of the best buffets in LV.  Large selection of everything! but most of all, they do live up to the seafood selections.  Super fresh shell fish, fresh and incredibly sweet.  We had booked the Buffet of Buffet and paid an extra $15 pp for this buffet and it was so worth it.  We had eaten at 5 buffets in 24 hrs and crab at each on, but the Rio had the biggest and sweetest crab legs.  Plus this was the only buffet that served lobster.
3	I would not come to Rio for the regular $25 price. I use my local student id, so there is a discount. There is not much sushi available and the desserts is not very appealing either. The only good thing that I enjoy eating there is crab legs and the ice cream. Oh yeh, they also have vietnamese Pho too, which is okay. I usually just take their beef balls.
1	We did the Buffet of Buffets and paid an extra $15/person for this seafood buffet. The seafood was not fresh at all. Everything tasted frozen. I couldn't eat the lobster tail at all and I had to throw it away. The seafood I could eat was the stuff I could have eaten at the Rio's Carnival Buffet like the shrimp cocktail, mussels, crab legs, etc. It was not worth it at all and I should have known it was too good to be true.However, I would have to say though that the dessert was probably better than the Carnival. They had a better selection of gelato and more choices of cake, pastries, pies, etc. But it was definitely not worth the extra $15. Our server was awesome and very attentive. She came by often to refill our drinks and made sure our table was clean.
5	If your in Vegas, you have to stop by the RIO BUFFET! It is well known to be the BEST buffet spot in town! And I totally agree! I went here twice with my bf and our friends and each time it was amazing! The first time we went, we bought a pass that allows you to go as many as you want within the 24 hour period range. It was about $45 but the one time pass is about $25, so I think it's pretty the $45 pass is worth buying for.. You can have your breakfast, lunch, and dinner anytime of the day and you'll be satisfied! There are 7 buffets you can go to including Rio, and i must say, the RIO was the best choice that we made yet. As my bf and i and our friends waited in line, we just kept mentioning all sorts of you food we could think of. ex: pizza, tacos, crabs, nachos, gelato,  and most of all pho.. what?? And who knew, they had everything you could possibly think of and everything was on point! Not too greasy or oily. As soon as you walk in, the food chain is ridiculously long. Never seen so much food in my life until being there. What's also cool about this place is that they have all sorts of different food categories, from asian to italian to mexican food, you name it, they have it all! And they have excellent service, very nice and friendly!The one thing that i do remember having was the banana custer pie..MMMm just thinking about it makes my mouth water... lol but i seriously recommend this place to EVERYONE! awesome spot to check out in the RIO. I'm actually going back to Vegas for a family reunion next month and guess where I'm going.... you know it... THE RIO BUFFET...oOOooh yeah!So save your appetite before checking this spot=]
1	Hallow shell of its former self. Sushi tasted fishy. Not what it was before the remodel. Price has gone up. $39.99 per person totally not worth it. $39.99 for a $9.99 quality buffet. This used to be a Vegas must do for us. Not any more. If you are dying to go, get the American Casino book, it has ton's of Vegas coupons and a $10 off per person for the Village Seafood Buffet. Permanently scratched off the bucket list :(
4	The dining area is a bit drab and there were flickering lights that could make you almost spasm, but GEEZ - soo much good seafood in one place, I can't help but give it 4 stars. We loaded up on sashimi before heading to the oysters, crabs, clams, mussels and then to the cooked seafood and lastly, prime rib then tons of desserts. Seafood quality is pretty good. It is awesome to be able to go up and fill up your plate again and again with seafood until you EXPLODE!! I would recommend this place to any seafood lover!!
5	This place is by far the best buffet I've went to in Vegas. They have so many selections from american to asian cuisines. I loved their ribs and tri tip steaks, omg they are to die for. The price is about the same from every where else in vegas. So, if your gonna spend the same amount of money might as well go here, right? Trust me you will not be dissappointed. The whole point in going to a buffet is a lot of varieties of food and good to right? Well I am telling you, this place lives it up.
4	I came here with some friends while in Vegas and it was REALLY good! Rio is a seafood lovers dream place lol. There's raw seafood as well as cooked seafood and the workers are extremely quick on cleaning out trash and getting refills. Check this place out if you're in Vegas!
5	I love this place, it's a great place if you're hungry, want to stuff yourself, and love seafood. It's great value if you take advantage of the AYCE aspect.It's a buffet at the Rio so it's not the same quality as fine dining but the mini lobster tails are easy to get out of the spines and plentiful. There are crab legs, prime rib, and other buffet type items that can be found at the main buffet which is also phenomenal.
4	I've always seen signs for this buffet, but since it's a bit off the strip, it was always a bit inconvenient for us.  We decided to give it a try this time, and it wasn't bad at all.  When we first got there, the line looked a bit intimidating.  It went out the door, looped around the escalators, and down a bit more.  We stood in line and watched the Rio bartenders do tricks, so the wait actually wasn't too bad.  It went by pretty quickly, and we were seated quite promptly.  They had a decent array of choices - from Asian to Cajun, crustaceans to barbecue.  My favorites were - of course - the crab legs and shrimp.  Those two alone made me a very happy camper.  The legs were NOT SALTED!!  Most buffets in Vegas salt their crab legs to preserve them.. but not here!  :D  Big kudos for that!  They were easy to crack, and super sweet and juicy.  I also really enjoyed the New England clam chowder.. yummy!!  Another portion I really look forward to at buffets are the desserts.  Sadly, I was not impressed.  However, they did have gelato though!  For some reason, I was loving the cantaloupe and honeydews way more!  The strawberries were delicious too - add the chocolate syrup and you have a chocolate fondue!!   I don't know if I'd come back necessarily.. it is a bit inconvenient as I've said before.. but definitely enjoyed it while I was there!
3	For a buffet...not bad.  that is just because they have more variety of seafood than any other buffets.  However, the quality is just a OK for buffets.  Nothing to really rave about...
2	It is one of the highest rated buffet Vegas but I was certainly expecting much more than the quality they offered.First of all, the line was pretty long, I waited in line for an hour in order to get in! They do have a wide variety of seafood, but I would say they are not very fresh and you get bored after a while. I had better seafood at Atlantic City and the price was cheaper there.Besides seafood, they don't really offer many other types of cuisines which the east coast usually does. So if you are going to check out a buffet in Vegas, do not give it too much expectation especially if you are from New York!
2	Worst food ever.  Tasted like absolutely nothing.We were traveling with another couple who wanted to go there to have the lobster tail.  I am not sure this was lobster, it was small pieces of something that resembled lobster.   The crawfish was well, shoulda been left in the bayouTons of crab legs, and all kinds of seafood, but it all tasted like nothing.Nothing was labeled so you had no idea what you were having. The lamb was ok, but gameythe Prime Rib was super fatty.The only thing I enjoyed was the cooked chinese food.
4	This is the buffet that beats all other buffets IF you don't mind waiting in line.  The first night we came here, we were told the link could take 2-3 hrs.  Are you kidding? Is it really that good?  So we went somewhere else and decided to come much earlier the following night. We got here at 4pm the next day and had to wait for a little over an hour.  Ok, still a long wait.  BUT the food is worth it.  There is not only a LOT of selection. The food was actually really good, really fresh and really tasty.  Unlike other buffets that had a lot of blend and stale food that had been sitting around, the food here is constantly coming out.  Definitely recommended but be prepared for the long wait.
4	Every Vegas trip includes a trek here. Use the $10 off coupon. Crab legs, I will eat probably $150 worth alone, so how isn't a good deal?
3	Upside: the seasoned grilled chicken, delectable!lobster tailsasian food, suprisingly okay tastingpistachio gelatogarlic butter sauce - that's something i haven't seen beforeDownfall:$50, really?! it's worth maybe more like $30what did this buffet have that others didn't? i wasn't exactly sure
3	I'm a fan but it used to be better before the renovation. They used to have the best ribs I've ever had, no longer.  Marginally worth it now.
4	If you're anything like me and are just looking around for some good buffet food, the Seafood Buffet at Rio is definitely a good place to check out! I'm not a super serious seafood eater, but from a regular buffet lover, the seafood meets to my standards. I love the beef and the miso soup. I also love the shrimp cocktail. There are plenty of foods to keep me satisfied! Probably one of my favorite parts of this buffet is the dessert bar. The strawberry moose is absolutely amazing. The gelato is really good as well.My only complaint is probably the price. $43 is a tad expensive for a decent buffet, but if price isn't an issue, you should totally try this one out!
4	Never miss'd a trip to this delicious Seafood Buffet when I'm in sin city...off all the buffets in Vegas, this is by far the best...You get a variety of Fresh & Unlimited:-Lobster Tail-King Crab Legs (steamed/cold)-Mussel-Mediterranean Salmon-Lamb-Prime Rib-All the other typical buffet foodsand very cute & yummy deserts!!
4	after hearing so much about this buffet in vegas, i finally got to try it. they didnt really have that much selection as other upscale buffet but it was alright. The seafood was ok, not excellent. So i made my moneys worth at the meat sections. prime ribs was VERY RARE but it was good. Au Jus was kinda salty though. i loved the short ribs, great flavor. as for dessert, the gelato was very good! Pistachio is definitely one of my favorite flavors now.
5	I must say, this place is a must for seafood lovers who want variety. My wife and I have been coming here for years and we love it each time. From crab legs (hot and cold) to mini losbter tails. It's all here, it can get crowded but the people at the RIO keep the food flowing nicely.
2	2.5...same as Carnival in Rio:Huge selections, our server was such a lovely lady and bottomless mimosa for $27...can't beat that. Plus, we came when there was NO line on a Saturday noon. Wow!Sadly...the crab legs are super duper skinny and the baby shrimp (well)...Won't be going out of the strip for this again...
2	I love shrimp...I love crab legs...I love lobster... I love scallops...I love sushi......I kinda hate this place. Considering this buffet is known as THE SEAFOOD buffet, they should have came correct. I come to buffets TO EAT. The crab legs were tiny.  I didn't come to the Seafood Buffet for tiny crab legs that, mind you, AREN'T EVEN SPLIT OPEN.  On top of that, I had to ask my waitress for the tools that I could see everyone else around me using. It was a lot of work for a lil' crab meat. The lobster section looked like they took lobster tails and chopped them up in a dozen pieces. The shrimp was either deep fried or cocktail, hard to mess up. The sushi was amateur sushi...aka California Roll Heaven. They had lots of oysters. I will give them credit there.  Unfortunately, I'm not big on oysters. They had deep fried scallops, but unfortunately they didn't taste at all like scallops.My two favorite things here:  1)They had salmon nigiri...a ton of it.  I love raw salmon...to me, it tastes like butter! 2)In the dessert area was a gelato section. I walked away double-fisting cups of PISTACHIO GELATO.  Victory was mine.Bottom line, for the price there are so many better buffets in Las Vegas.
4	I went here in the middle of the week around 630pm with a party of four. It was about $40 for each of us. We went because we heard there was unlimited lobster. Fortunately, we went early enough that the buffet was only moderately full. This buffet is what it says it is. A seafood buffet. Gobs and gobs and mountains of seafood delights. And yes, there is unlimited lobster. HOWEVER, it is not Maine lobster, it is a smaller kind that does not look anything like the usual lobster. However, it tastes the same. Delicious.I really enjoyed the mountains of snow crab legs, and the prime rib was delicious, especially with the fresh au jus. Oh, and don't forget the butter for your seafood too, there are vats of hot, delicious butter everywhere.I also enjoyed their  dessert selection. Not the best in Vegas, but they do have a nice gelato selection.Overall, seriously my favorite buffet in Vegas. Not the prettiest, but I do believe I ate my $40 worth of food here.
3	It's not worth $43 bucks. If you are affiliated with any sort of event hosted there, make sure you grab some coupons. The only thing I liked was the oysters. Other than that, you could eat at Carnival World Buffet for half the price and still get your crab craving fix. :)
2	Iv'e tried a number of buffets in Vegas including Paris, Caesar's, and the Wynn. For the price of $40, this is well overpriced. You are better off at Paris or the Wynn ($47.) One thing they do offer is the plentiful oysters which were not as sanitary looking as I'm normally accustomed to seeing even in a buffet.  Bottom line, go elsewhere if you can hop in a cab as if you're here, your not on the strip.
3	Unless if you fancy fried seafood (fish, popcorn shrimp, calamari), Save your ~$40 and invest a smaller amount of $30 towards (weekdays) the buffet at the bellagio instead.
2	Disappointed!! Food was not worth the price. Average buffet at best with upper scale price, and low budget sea food! Mini lobster tails smelled like sewage and had rubbery texture. Will definitely not go back to this buffet... My girlfriend and I had to take Pepto-Bismol when we went back to the hotel. Should've Yelped this location before going!Almost forgot! As a Sushi fan, I found this Seafood buffet to be extremely disappointing with the Sushi selection. Very elementary selection.
3	My friends were raving about this place, so we came here, but I'd have to say for the price ($43) it was not my favorite buffet in Vegas. As other people have said, the all you can eat lobster does look like someone hacked it into small pieces with a butcher knife and it didn't taste like lobster I'd ever had before...it tasted kind of like it had been stewed in a pot with some mild broth or something.  Or maybe that's what overcooked lobster tastes like.  I haven't had a lot in my life, but I love seafood so that was disappointing.I did however love the selection of oysters and mussels, green mussels being my favorite and loved the freshness of the nigiri at the sushi bar, particularly the salmon which is one of my absolute favorites.  It was cut nice and thick, was fresh and yummy.  They also had a very good cold calamari salad and some good pasta dishes.The dessert bar however, was AWESOME. Loved everything, especially the Elvis Gelato (PB&J +Banana).  Service was great, glasses were never empty.  For the price and the ehh quality of the lobster and crab legs though...I would probably not come here again considering how many other great buffets there are in Vegas.
3	I remember better lobster tails in the past. The night I went only had some small really tasteless version. Also unlike other reviews, my night only had snow crab and not King crab in hot and cold bars.Only a couple fish in the sushi/sashimi bar, i.e. salmon and tuna.I really think they need to get rid of the only seafood buffet in Las Vegas slogan now that there is a Todai in Planet Hollywood (I didn't go but the one here in WA is quite good).Personally I like the normal World Buffet better which had cold snow crab as well.
3	Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (4 of 365) I love seafood!  This helps to fix a seafood craving but won't give you the tantalizing taste you are looking for due to the quality of the buffet food.1 star = for the variety.  All kinds of seafood, cooked all kinds of ways.2 stars = for the shorter wait than any other buffet in town; probably because it's also one of the most expensive3 stars = for having other things besides seafood in case you get seafood sick.  They have fried goods, ribs, and other meats.Lacks the 4th and 5th star due to the quality.  It's a hit or miss with the crab legs.  Some of them were big and juicy, and some were small and dry.  The sashimi is good,but the sushi selection isn't that great.It's definitely worth a try if you're staying at the Rio or looking for an abundance of seafood.
1	Food sucked! Service sucked!  Not worth the $90 I paid for 2 people!  When I called my server for a refill, she gave me a look as if I was bothering her.  Never again shall I return to this place!!
4	This place is huge and overwhelming. could spend hours here.. with good friends I love it lol.I don't even eat seafood.. or any meat for that matter.. and I am still overwhelmed with choices. They have all kinds of pastas, a stir fry station, burrito bar, BBQ section, and a huge variety of breakfast foods. Nothing is outstanding.. but there's quite a few items that are pretty good. I'm not sure how much they charge regularly but we came here on the 24hr Vegas Buffet Package Deal.. I don't think I would come here paying full price. Unlimited mimosas, coffee, teas, soda, etc are included which is pretty awesome because I could pretty much drink the cost in coffee and mimosas haha. It's definitely no fancy environment.. just a gigantic cafeteria, mostly filled with Asian families filling up on lobster and crab legs haha.. They have a pretty sweet dessert bar which is always my favorite section! & serve decent gelato!
5	I wanted to go to this buffet for a long time and I finally made it.  It was great.  We went and got the discounts from the tix 4 tonight booth to take ten bucks off per person.  So that helped make the price more affordable. I thought it was outstanding.  I did everything I could to stay away from the non seafood items because i figure i needed to get my monies worth at the seafood.  the sushi was the best ive seen at a buffet and was going so quick the guy kept refilling it and making it fresh to grab.  enjoyed the oysters, scallops, crab legs, etc.  i loved it all.  i was happy with this and am definitely going back to it again.  I was a little bummed the crab legs were not pre cut.  Im so used to that now at buffets that it takes up so much more time to crack your own.  The service was also the best i have had.  They were so attentive to clearing dishes and refilling drinks.  I highly recommend if you enjoy buffets but don't go in expecting the most upscale food.  If you accept buffets for what they are you will love this.  But go get the discount tickets, just know you can only use them between 4 and 6 pm.
5	I've eaten here several times over the years, maybe it's time I write home about it. It's one of my favorite buffets, not because of variety but because of quality and selection of seafood. I like "see-food" cause it makes me hungry looking at it. So my parents had 2 free passes, free makes the experience even better.DO'sI hate crab legs because it's so much work for a tiny piece of meat. So I'll only eat 1 or 2 drenched in butter sauce. But if crab legs are your thing, it's fresh here.Go for the lobster tails! I ate like a pound of those. Easy to peel and eat.Being a big fish fan, there's so many kinds of fish here. Swordfish, salmon, tilapia, etc. I went fishing and enjoyed it all. Baked, steamed, fried. Shrimp cocktail is excellentSpinning gelato bar is awesome. Gelato selection and quality is great. Pistachio is my favorite. The cantaloupe one tastes like smushed fresh cantaloupe.DON'TThe sushi is typical buffet sushi. It's been sitting there and the rice is dry.The Chinese dim sum is dry. However the pork buns are pretty good.Remember, you're eating here because you like seafood. Don't expect the non seafood items to be all that. -If you have to pay, expect your wallet/purse to be much lighter. -They are only open for dinner, no lunch.-Go seafood insane here
3	idk what the hype is about.. this place is just OK.....................i mean they do have lots of food and the variety is pretty amazing but the quality wise... was just ok...........
1	Horrible experience! This place is very misleading - we came here expecting 'seafood heaven' and food comparable to other buffets in Vegas but NO ... that wasn't the case. At $40 and an additional $15 for the VIP pass, we were not expecting this:- Poor food quality: frozen oysters, miniature lobster tails, anorexic crab legs, and sun-dried prime rib - Little variety: pretty standard stuff, nothing you can't find at other buffets - Unlabeled food: NOTHING was labeled - I had to guess what I was eating- Messy buffet stations and awful presentation of food.- Blunt taste- Disappointing desserts: very little choice and taste was meh EXCEPT for the peach cobbler (i think that's what it was ... it wasn't labeled so I can't exactly tell you)On the upside, the waitress (Cindy) was very helpful and nice. 5 stars for her and that peach cobbler! Everything else was poopy. You're better off eating somewhere else.
4	SOOOOOOO scrumptious!My first time at a seafood buffet and I ate SOOOO much I nearly turned into a crab!There is a huge food choice, you have to try the ceviche on the Latin side of the buffet.The line was insanely long, the 3 of us waited over an hour to get to the cashier but it was totally worth it because the food was so yummy.
4	Someone told me not to come here and I didn't listen.  Turned out this buffet was way better than I expected.  Tons of FOOD and you can definitely find something you wanna eat a lot of.  The snow crab was good though a little watery inside and they refilled the station frequently, so you didn't have to side-eye the people who piled up their plates.  The lobster tails were tiny, but they weren't dry or tasteless.  The fried crab legs in a spicy sauce were also very tasty as they were cooked in some kinf of Chinese five spice and the meat was not dry.More good stuff - the clams and mussels in garlic sauce were tasty, shrimp tempura and CA rolls were good.  The grilled chicken was very tender and not over-seasoned.  Yay, they had good white RICE!  Desserts were also awesome from mini-key lime pie, creme brulee, strawberry shortcake and blueberry cheesecake ice cream.  Their desserts were simple, but weren't too over the top.  I hate a too-sugary aftertaste that drys out your tastebuds.  These sweets were just rightOur server was slow, but whatever. I was more turned off by the oysters. I don't know if it was  a bad batch but my husband saw me in line and was like "DON'T GET ANY and made a 'gross' face.  I did get one- just because- smelled it,  and was not good a good smell at all.The best part was not feeling disgusting after eating all those plates of food (and not getting a stomach ache of any kind).
2	I do not eat meat therefore you would think I was in heaven when I walked in . NOOOOT. First of all the food is not fresh , granted we got there close to closing but that is not an excuse. Lobster tails were the frozen kind, the deserts sucked except for the gelato but of course how can you mess that up.And in order to eat at the seafood buffet you must pay an additional $15. The quality of the food was poor,  the crab legs looked so anorexic and they were on the hot plate for so long the meat was DRY. Food was sometimes unlabeled. Yes they have a lot of food but what's the point is the quality is not there. Will not go back there again.Oh yea the second star was for the drinks.
5	Not a big fan of buffets except for this one.I Heart Village Seafood Buffet! A trip to Vegas would not be the same without making a stop here. Oh snap, It's one of those places I like so much I would have no problem dining here by myself =]My Favorites: Crab LegsBaby LangostinosFreh Peeled ShrimpOystersDesserts ( All of it )I'm also a fan of there Sushi & Asian station. I don't do salads. Can't you tell?!  Also, I passed up there Prime Rib because it looked a lil too blody. Yikes! Service was attentive. Never had to ask for anything. Love it!! Looking forwards to coming back to Sin City, not too party but to eat!!
5	King Crab Legs say whaaaat?!??! Another great buffet with amazing service! and one of the best prime rib ive ever had! tender flavorful juicy, but enough about me ;) This was the first buffet i went to when as soon as i checked into my hotel! and i am SO glad i went! the food was Fantastic! One of my favorite dishes was the Prime rib of course, the spinach and cheese ravioli and the fresh crepes! Oh man i almost lost it when i saw a personal crepe chef making her creations for everyone!.. only in Vegas i tells ya!  The food was so good that i even came back for breakfast! mmmmmm
4	Such a selection! Nothing was amazing but definitely good. I didn't like the way scallops were cooked but everything else was great! I really liked the way their udon was served, it was like an udon bar and I thought that was really unique. I would probably not come back because it's not amazing for mento come back but more of me wanting to try other things. Note: this buffet is kind of included in the seven buffets - twenty four hours pass but there is an extra $15 dollar charge at the door.
3	I got the 7 buffets for 24 hours..this one requires an additional $15 which I felt wasn't really worth it.
2	I am a Seafood lover so I thought I would try this place, it sounded great.  This is a classic example if it's too good to be true, it probably isn't.  The selection was mediocre.  The crab legs were small, not that I would expect much more.  The overall selection of seafood was poor.  I would have liked to see more "main stream" dishes.  Their was not a lot of fish to choose from.  Halibut but no other white fish.  Shrimp were very small, like you could get at any other buffet in Vegas.  The lobster bisque tasted like it was made at a truck stop in Nebraska!  If you want good seafood, this is NOT the place to go.  If you think Red Lobster is the best seafood restaurant on the planet, you'll love it!!!
2	I wish I knew what went wrong, but we must have missed out on what everyone else has been having. My family and I had looked forward to the Rio's infamous seafood buffet and were sorely disappointed.The crab legs were absolutely nothing to write home about-- i've had better at seafood dive bars in chicago.  The crab meat was small, and sour/juicy. Not sweet and succulent  AT ALL.  Huge disappointment.On the hunt for the lobster tails, all we found was this concocted stew-like mix of mystery seafood meat. Brownish, bland, and not very flavorful filled with shrimp, lobster tails, and i couldn't tell you what else. But the lobster tails were EXTREMELY overcooked. Chewy, inedible, and oversalted. I've never done this in my life. I felt wrong to do it. But it was so bad, I wasted 2 or 3 lobster tails.  I mean really. If you're gonna kill everything that's good in a lobster, just freakin steam it and serve it with some butter and call it a day.Everything else there was just forgettable. Even the raw oysters were small, meager, and tasteless.Had it not been for the buffet of buffet pass we had, i couldn't imagine dishing $40 for this place. The one saving grace? Gelato  for dessert. And even that wasn't that great.
3	Good Buffet!  Like the SeaFood Buffet at the  M Resort a lot better!
2	I figured I should at least try the Rio Seafood Buffet as least once as several years ago everyone would say that you have to try here.  So here I am several years later trying the buffet (I'm not a frequent traveler to L.V.).  Line to get in was okay, maybe a 15 minute wait which is reasonable.Service was good, server came around as needed.Where the 2 stars rating came from is that for the cost of $40, the food quality wasn't that good.  Also the way the serving stations are set up, where it feels impolite to cut in line when you just one item, so by the time you go through the serving line your food gets all cold.  Compared to the M Resort's buffet offerings at a cheaper price, I won't be back.
3	This Place is the definition of being over rated and way over priced. The food, itself is average a best. For the amount of money I paid to eat here I thought it would have been great. I've been to better sea food Buffets in the San Fernando Valley and paid a whole lot less. If you're looking to waste about $100.00 bucks for a dinner for two and eat average seafood, then this is the place for you
3	It was pretty good and lotsa choice of seafood (cioppino, jambalaya, clam broth etc) but I didn't like one thing that most of the seafood tasted like Chinese Dim Sum even clam and muscles broth too  :-(I wanted some Italian flavor in it...But I'm gona go there again next March... Probably every March till I find kick a$$ seafood buffet :-) cuz I'm a super duper seafoodholic :-P
2	For $50 per person and the acclaimed best seafood buffet in Las Vegas, this was a huge let down as well. We've gone here before and the food usually was ok. Walking out of the restaurant, you didn't mind that the cost was one of the highest buffet costs in town. However, this time around, the food quality was very poor. There were several items where we had one bite and decided not to finish the rest of it. The lobster tails were highly engulfed in butter along with other seafood options. The taste was poor. The crab legs were decent as it had a fairly sweet taste to the crab meat. However, almost everything else on the buffet line was dry and poorly seasoned. I don't know if they are cutting back due to the economy, but to continue charging that price while delivering subpar food quality leaves us not wanting to make another trip back to this buffet anytime soon.
3	Having felt starved upon arrival this buffet was good, I think...not excellent, but it had everything I was expecting and wanted out of a seafood buffet. A bit pricey at $40-$45. Plenty of crab legs and fried clamstrips (my favorite).
1	**Summary**When this buffet first came out, I was willing to stand in line for an hour just to eat here. Now, even with the locals 25% off special, I doubt I'd ever come back. The lobster tails went from big and juicy to small and dry. Speaking of dry, that word could be used to describe most of the seafood. A lot of the pictures are a little old and show the buffet at its prime. If you're thinking about eating here, I'd suggest going in and seeing the selection for what it is now.**Price/Hours**       - Mon-Fri 4pm-10pm       - Sat & Sun 3:30pm-10pm       - $44.99 Without Total Rewards Card       - $39.99 With Total Rewards Card       - $33.74 Local With Total Rewards Card (25% off as with all restaurants at Rio)       - I believe each card can carry up to 7 guests       - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rvnTFEq7R2ZHg0_CYbBNFw?select=N_a1su82sjnkeRg1dzDnyA**Notes**       - Lobster Tails - With the exception of the sterling brunch at Bally's, this is the only buffet I know that serves lobster tails.       - Before - When this place first opened the lobster tails looked like this: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rvnTFEq7R2ZHg0_CYbBNFw?select=QHfhDsVRRPcvMzfGDCoBqg       - Now - Now the lobster tails look like this tiny thing between the clam strips and the scallops: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rvnTFEq7R2ZHg0_CYbBNFw?select=AmMOM91RYw_ALKAux1l0AA       - Crab Legs - They have both hot and cold crab legs. They are definitely larger than the crab legs at the Carnival World Buffet. However, the hot crab legs were dry and the cold crab legs...well, are cold.       - Oysters - I grabbed two oysters and I could only eat one. They tasted like they'd gone bad.       - Crawfish - Dry and not fresh.       - Sashimi - They have salmon, white fish, and tuna. The only fresh seafood item I could find (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rvnTFEq7R2ZHg0_CYbBNFw?select=T4iokj7Ei9oH2fJ1YpzUdA).       - Prime Rib - I actually never had this here, but it's there.       - Desserts - The desserts are really good. They have a spinning gelato wheel and some of the higher end desserts you'd expect like creme brule.**Recommendations**       - I wouldn't recommend this place at its current condition. If they bring back the quality they use to have, I'd easily pay $50. However, I doubt they will.
3	3.5 STARS although I probably would've given them 3 if not for my most recent visit.  During better times, the seafood buffet was the bomb!  Long lines to get in and plenty of choices to choose from when getting to the seafood choices.  This time, no line to get in at 7pm on a Saturday night!  One thing I love is getting a butter shrimped scampi or cleaned peeled shrimp with cocktail sauce. What did I see?  Cleaned but unpeeled shrimp!  Come on!  I'm on vacation!  You want me to peel shrimp?  Having been here a couple of times, I had noticed that the "seafood" in seafood buffet has dwindled a bit.  When I took a look at what they offered, I can see that maybe 55-60% of the buffet was seafood with the remaining part offering meat or other cuisines that offered meat dishes or seafood dishes.  The shrimp dumpling that they had wasn't so great...I've had better.Their baja included fajitas and things didn't impress me.  However their pork spareribs were unexpectedly awesome.There are so many ways to prepare seafood dishes.  For example, I'd love to see if they could had made something inspired from the South or maybe something done Asian style like with miso.  Instead we got a couple of baked seafood items and the usual array of deep fried calamari, clam strips, and shrimps.I made sure to not forget about dessert.  The gelato selection that they have over there is excellent!  I had the blueberry cheesecake gelato and it rocked my world.  They also had the Elvis, peanut butter/jelly/banana!  No thanks...I'm not ready to channel Elvis after a full meal like that.For $48, I hoped to have the same experience as before.  They really need to change things up a bit.  During my meal, I was having one of those cravings for a Red Lobster like cheesy biscuit.  When you're thinking of Red Lobster while at a Vegas seafood buffet, then you know something is amiss here.  I'd definitely come back if they looked into making their seafood buffet more focused to what they advertise.
3	The seafood is just okay. I actually thought their non-seafood dishes were better than the seafood itself, especially the prime rib and dessert. And yes, its true that the lobster is the tiny breed kind and it was only snow crab. Like most of the other reviews, it was their gelato that was the highlight. I haven't found gelato that good at any other buffets or gelato stands around the strip, or even compared to New York's original Ferraro Gelato in Manhattan!! The flavors are spot on and its not so sweet that I get sick of it. I could eat it forever and would only come back for that.
4	Unfortunately the wait was so long, that we had literally 15 minutes to eat once we got in before we had to run to Penn & Teller! The food we tried was good, but it was a bit of a blur. Nothing bad stood out, so I'll have to go back and try it again at a more leisurely pace.
3	This is a pretty good buffet for seafood lovers.Depending on the time you come, there may be a line that you have to wait in until you get seated. It appears that they have a lot of tables, but they do not open all the tables until the line is long enough.My suggestion is to come early (4pm-5pm) to beat the crowd.My recommendations:- Prime rib: The meat was so delicious. I can compare this to prime rib restaurants.- King crab legs: I believe this is a big hit for all the buffet goers. Although I don't like it as much as other people, and I did go a bit overboard with dipping the crab into the butter, I can see why people might like it.- Tilapia: This fish was so delicious with the tomato sauce they served this in.I like how this buffet has a variety of different regions of the world. I did skip out on the Chinese section though because the food didn't look as good. Plus, I can eat this type of food on a regular basis!They have such a variety of desserts that I couldn't help but want to try them all!Overall, I did have a good meal here, but I felt there were a lot of food that wasn't too memorable for me. I think I'd like to try other buffets in Vegas first before I return.
3	I was looking forward to this buffet ever since I booked my Vegas trip 6 months ago. It was just OK to me not great. We met some friends that ate there as we were arriving and they gave us a few tips. 1. If you have a Total Rewards card you save $5 per adult.2. The lobster tails were so small if you were not looking close for them you would pass them up. Funny but True.....They do have tons of food, plenty of the small crab legs and everything tasted good to me, I guess I was just expecting more. I read a few reviews that they had King crab legs, but I guess they were not available when we went. (Bummer #1)I was looking forward to eating scallops and they did have them, but they were super tiny infant scallops. I ate a bunch but again not what I was expecting. (Bummer #2)I probably would not pay the money to eat there again, unless we got it for about half the price. Just sayin'. It was a learning experience and now I am helping other people learn from what I did. There you go......BOOM
2	Meh. The food tasted old to me (we got there an hour before closing) and there wasn't a great selection. My boyfriend said he enjoyed the fish but I thought the shrimp dishes were seriously lacking. I even thought I ate a bad shrimp and got sick immediately after leaving. There was a small selection of Chinese food but the lomain was way too greasy and the fried foods were overcooked. I was sad I wasn't feeling well because the dessert portion looked pretty good. I did have one bite of gelato and that was delicious but I just couldn't eat anything really after that one bad shrimp. I wouldn't take the time to go all the way out to the Rio for this buffet like we did.
2	SO very disappointing. Tried almost all the seafood dishes. Maybe half the fish a la carte was only ok. I would eat the rest but my friends refused more than a bite. The sushi made me cry. So rubbery. I LOVE salmon sashimi, but only every other piece was ok. My friend specifically dragged us there for the lobster tails. He was so disappointed; ate like 6 lobster tails anyway. Then our whole group decided that the crab legs were the only thing worth eating. We must have eaten a small pond's worth of crabs. The chilled ones were ok so we kept eating and eating. We kept eating partly to get our moneys worth but also because getting all the meat in one leg in one go has got to be one of the BEST feelings ever.Dessert was only ok too. The gelato was good, but the pastries and other stuff was only ok.Service was ok. Attitude wasn't great but they came around very frequently to clean the shells. It  was also kind of annoying that nothing was labelled. If you have 2-3 kinds of white fish with different sauces on each is everyone in the world supposed to know what each fish is? Bleh, never again unless it's comped.
5	ok im a little biased because my uncle is head chef... so one star just for that. if you love seafood, especially crab and sushi, you can load up here for a pretty reasonable price. all i ate was a bunch of crab and sashimi so thats what my review is based on...if you're like me and love seafood, to eat like this would cost 60-100 bucks easy.so get there early and enjoy!
4	Me and my husband enjoy eating here its one of our favorites. Good quality and quantity of different types of food. We went once on a Sunday and it was extremely busy. We have not gone on a weekend since. If your a local its buy one get one during the week, so its usually about $19 altogether not including tip, which is a decent price in my opinion! Will be eating here again in the future for sure!
5	Reason this gets gets 5 stars, because the ONLY thing I ate was crab, lobster, and sashimi.    I was not impressed by the desert section, and did not see a salad section, but I was only here for seafood.   Its about $40 pp if you have a rewards card, which I might add was not increased due to the fact we ate here on NYE 2012, which is cool, and was not overly busy which I don't like fighting through crowds.  Coming here on a very empty stomach after leaving the Bellagio after finding their power went out in the kitchen all afternoon on NYE 2012, the entire buffet was closed all day until evening (really, wow).   However, I was glad to find that this buffet had a great variety of seafood, rock lobster (or whatever the small ones are called), which are extremely easy to eat as the tails are cut in half.  They had snow, king, and stone crab.   I should add a day before I had Joe's stone crab, which for $42 you get 6 pieces of medium sized claws.   Well...  this night I had at least 20 claws!   Stone crab for me is rather rare, so I was very happy about this, although I still think snow crab is sweeter and is much easier to access.   Also the sashimi I had was outstanding.   No comment on desert or other stations, I didn't reserve stomach space for such things.   However, they were limited.  The coffee was quite good actually I do remember this.   Thanks for being OPEN and not loosing power like the bellagio during prime time lunch buffet.   If anyone complains that $40 is too expensive for a seafood buffet with various types of seafood, do you have any fkn idea how much stone crab costs to bring in?   Its generally brought in from Florida and even super wholesale will run $6 or more dockside, delivered to vegas you can bet at least $8-10 per pound.  Eat 2-3 pounds of these babies and your lucky to be paying only $40!
3	Going into to this buffet I wasn't feeling so hot, but I know good food when I taste it and there wasn't much to be had here. It was $40 something each with the total rewards card.Snow Crab Legs - mehOysters - half frozenMussels - rubberyClams - okLobster - adobo style (meh)Crawfish - taco seasoning (yuck!)Garlic Butter Clams - Amazing!Sushi - bland/boringSashimi - salmon was the bestSmoked Salmon - actually really goodSalads - hardly any veggiesDesserts - utterly unmemorableThe best things here were the salmon sashimi, it was absolutely exquisite-butter and it seemed to just melt in your mouth, and the garlic butter clams. I am a lover of seafood and this place is not worth the price at all. If you like mediocre food in large quantities (typical buffet), then by all means come and eat here. BUT!!!! If you love fresh, fine seafood, then save your money and go someplace else. On the upside, the service was great, dirty dishes didn't stay on our table for every long and refills and extra napkins will always plentiful! =D
4	We thought it was the best buffet in town, especially located off the LV Strip.  A variety of foods to choose from.  Something for everyone; however, kids never eat much at a buffet.  Paying full price for a seafood buffet with kids wouldn't be as enjoyable - they're content with pizza or McDonald's hahaha!
3	I was treated to this buffet by family visiting from out of town,  loaded up on lobster and crab, with some treats from dessert bar afterwards,  when the price is 40 bucks to eat, you dont waste your stomach on pasta and potatoes, too bad, those dishes looked good too.  I may come back if someone else pays haha
5	The best buffet in Vegas and anywhere else I have ever been! It zig-zags throughout the length of the room! There is a plentiful selection of food. If you can dream it, it probably is there. At dinner, there is a gigantic pile of crab legs. (You just have to sort through them to find the claws.) I really appreciated how there were corn dogs for the kids and grilled cheese sandwiches. Even though I don't have kids, it shows that they are considering all age ranges, not just adults. The deserts were also delicious. (However, Harrah's buffet was better. That is based on the fact that they made in-house blue and pink cotton candy though.) There was also 5 types of gelato. There was plenty of seating. I tried dishes I had never even heard of before and the drinks were included. I got to drink pure, grapefruit juice. A definite plus!They also had happy hour specials every half hour at the bar!My boyfriend and I arrived at 3:30, the buffet was priced at $22. However, right before that, we joined the player's club, so we got $3 off each. They also gave us $5 in free slot play which I did not get at any other casino. So we each got into the buffet for $19, and dinner started at 4:00, when the crab legs came out. We arrived at the right time, because the price increased significantly at four.I definitely recommend! You won't regret it! Happy eating!
4	KUDOS ON THE FRESH SASHIMI! I think I had two plateful of those babies, because it was that good!The rest of the buffet items were not that great. I felt bad for loading up little samples of every station of the buffet, taking only a bite and leaving it all out in the dust. Sorry for being a food waster!The snow crab legs, clams, mussels, oysters, and many other sea creatures are prepared in various ways from simply raw to stir-fried to deep-fried. Each station has a theme representing different cuisines from all over the world. Stay away from the sushi rolls! The rice was dry and tasted like it was a day-old. And if you're not a fan of seafood, there are plenty of other land animals you can feast on like beef ribs, sausages, and prime rib.And you can't leave the table without having some dessert! I FREAKIN' LOVE THE GELATO CAROUSEL!! Very whimsical and I felt like being a kid again screaming for excitement at an ice cream parlor. Again, I loaded up on some dessert goodies and only sampled a bite (eclair, tiramisu roll), but I polished the two mini cups of gelato (pistachio and cookies and cream). I love gelato! Our server also gave us a cup of coffee with our desserts, which made the dessert round 1000x better. The coffee was not too strong and very smooth. Bellissimo!To recap:5 stars on the sashimi, gelato, and coffee!2 stars on the rest of the buffet items.Averaged out to be 3.5, but will round up for good service.
2	Maybe it's because I came for the evening buffet, but it was a mess everywhere, like someone forgot to come in to clean/straighten up the serving areas. It was dirty, not only the presentation of the foods, but also the utensils they give you, the cups for water... Service was subpar, I got a haughty waitress who was never around when you needed her. The seafood did not taste fresh either and the food is incredibly salty. Will not be coming back here. Not worth your money.For oysters check out the Oyster bar in Harrahs... Now those are fresh!
4	We visited last night.  We enjoyed our dinner.  The service was excellent.  We enjoyed the blacked tilapia, the halibut, some of the chinese, the crab legs, clams and oysters.  the salmon was a bit dry and the lobsters are very small (def not the best lobster by far a bit mushy or soggy.)  Some of the desserts were pretty good.  Overall not bad.  If we weren't locals and got a discount I think it would be too much money.  There are better buffets in town.  We are partial to the M seafood buffet.  They have the best desserts in town as well.
5	It's pricey, but: 1) no long lines like in Carnival World Buffet  (same Rio hotel)  2) seafood is extremely testy and fresh and great number of choice
1	'U MIGHT WIN SOME BUT U JUST LOST ONE" Lauryn Hill said it best in her song...U might win some but U just lost one is dang right.  I used to rave about the seafood buffet at the Rio but last night's mediocre dinner and unprofessional staff proved how much the Village Seafood Buffet has FALLEN OFF.  They changed the interior design to make it look nicer but for the first time ever - NO LONG LINE!  For a Sunday night it was empty.Even though the decor LOOKED updated  the taste of cuisine quality sank low.  The steamed crab leg was still delicious but everything else was CRAP.  Mediocre sushi, dried out rice/noodle dishes, salty salty fried food....Hometown Buffet quality food for $49 was a slap in the face.  What happened?  =(    It's sad.   Don't they know that with all the new buffets at the Wynn, Cosmo and others brand new spots they have to do MORE and be BETTER than ever?!?!  I spent $100 for 2 dinners that was horrible.The desserts here used to be really good but it tasted different.  My favorite chocolate cup with vanilla custard and fruits was bland.  The creme brulee was grainy and mushy.  WOMP WOMP WOMP =(  FAIL.I even had to complain to the Manager about their staff.  The girls working behind the dessert bar straight YAWNED in our faces and blatantly ignored us when we tried to get their attention.  The prime rib station guy was missing all night and kept going to the back to chat with the other workers.  The Manager didn't do anything for us (didn't expect it not surprised) but thanked me for my comments.  Note to the manager:  you should always offer a discount or rain check for another visit when you have an unhappy customer.  We're only trying to help.*shrug*They just lost one.
1	Not worth it. Cashier snottty, service slow, food.....eeeh  the desserts were the only high point!!  Waste of time and 150$$
3	Where did I get the rumor that Rio has the best buffet from? I don't know, but it does not. I wasn't very lucky the last time I went there. I had to wait in line for 40 minutes and by the time I could actually touch the food, my appetite was gone. I was able to eat after that anyways but most of the food was either too salty or too flavor-less. I was not impressed at all. However I have to agree that the variety is huge and you should walk around the whole chain first before you start getting food. My boyfriend and I was trying to get a little bit of everything but failed because we were focusing on the first half too much. My boyfriend didn't have the experience as bad as I did but we both agreed that it was not worth it
5	BEST SEAFOOD BUFFET EVER! This is one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas... You will not regret coming here if you are a seafood lover! They have the most amazing sashimi, crab legs, lobster tails, mussels, clams and so much more. Everything is so fresh! Do not think twice! You will never have an experience like this!
3	+1 STAR -- a lot of choices from sea food, American food, Italian food, Asian food, and sweets including Italian ice cream GELATO. +1 STAR -- awesome service. our server was fantastic! simple face, efficient, fast, and attentive. +1 STAR -- most of the food taste pretty good. Can't really name all of them but some tasted decent/okay.-1 STAR -- price is really expensive $40/person for dinner.-1 STAR -- no lobster!?!?!? for that price. a big turn down. ONLY WILL COME BACK IF PRICE GOES DOWN OR GETS A COMPLIMENTARY BUFFET FROM RIO.
3	The Rio Seafood Buffet, is a bit pricey.  The out of town-er price for the buffet is in the mid $40's per person, but if you show your Nevada ID, and your players card they knock 10 to $15 off the ticket.  It is not part of their Carnival World buffet, and is located on the east side of the main casino.If you're a hot snow crab fan, you'll really enjoy the meal.  The snow crab are large and abundant.  They go through so many that they are always fresh out of the steamer.  They also have oysters, clams, and a lot of what you would expect at a seafood buffet (both cold and hot), but the other items were low on flavor.  They had an Asian style lobster dish composed of very small lobsters tails, and small shrimp, but this tasted a bit heavy and also lacking in flavor.  The deserts were good and there was a wide variety.I don't know if I would be a returned customer.
4	I've eaten at this buffet on two different trips to Vegas, and it is definitely worth it.Even if you just like crab legs, then go! It isn't too many places you can pay about $48 per person and get unlimited seafood items.My husband focused on the crab legs, I like to try more items, but there was still a bit I stayed away from. I think the trick here is to stick with the fresh seafood (otherwise known as the reason you go here). The buffet is so big and filled with several questionable/filler items I think it can be distracting.The crab legs are great, there is lots of fresh shrimp for cocktail shrimp, fried, etc.There is also smoked salmon and a bunch of different sushi options (rolls and sashimi).Finally, the desserts are great and also plentiful.I am sure we'll go here the next time too!
3	The price i saw listed online was $35 or so, but it's actually like $49 unless you're a member of the Rio players club. So here's the deal. Like most people, I was drawn here by the promise of lobster and crab on a buffet. There's a lot of other good food on the Village roster, but if you're going for the crab and lobster, you should know that the lobster are some kind of mini lobster I'm guessing caught by the Keebler elves on a fishing trip.  Sorry. Actually, i didn't mind that they were small. There was at least one good sized bite of lobster in each split tail and they were easy to remove meat from shell. The lobster didn't have a good flavor at all. Many were over cooked. It almost felt like they prepared them to be good enough to taste somewhat like lobster, but not so good that people would want to eat tons. If your passion is lobster, you'll be disappointed i think. If you love crab, like I love crab, you should be very happy. It's snow crab, so you'll have to work for it, but the flavor was great. i would have come just for the crab. I would go back for more. The desserts were also very good. A full Gelato bar, etc. I gave them a 3 because i think if you're going to offer something, that you know will be a primary draw, you should make the effort to make sure it's at least passable in quality. Still loved the crab. What a magical beast they are!A side note about "All you can eat venues": Every time I eat "all i can eat" I end up eating exactly that; all that I can humanly eat. Never all that I should eat, but all that I can. This is not good for anyone. I suppose it's O.K. in moderation like the rest of Vegas.
1	While eating here, I recalled a moment from the movie "Apocalypse Now" where the character, Chef laments about beautiful food being utterly cooked to death. His woeful monologue went like this: "They lined us all up in front of a hundred yards of prime rib --magnificent meat, beautifully  marbled.. Then they startedthrowing it in these big  cauldrons, all of it -- boiling.I looked in, an' it was turning  gray. I couldn't f**king believethat one."In my case, it wasn't just the prime rib, but the crab, mussels, shrimp, oysters, fish, scallops, etc. Either way, I couldn't believe it either, Chef....couldn't effing believe it. I can't help but feel that the chefs here must feel the exact same way, bearing witness to the defilement of gorgeous seafood. Much of it tastes as if it has been over-boiled, over-frozen, and over-neglected, rendering 99% of it inedible, useless rubber. Trust me, no amount of fried batter, cream, butter, or cocktail sauce can fix this mess. Even the desserts were off...even the gelato....how do you mess up gelato?!I hate wasting food. I hate remembering traumatic war movies. I hate overpaying for meals. I don't not like things. I absolutely hate it when people quote movies because they are far too inarticulate/original to string together their own thoughts to express themselves, but the food here was so awful that it drove me to do all of the above. The only redeeming factors are the nice servers...but that's pretty much it. Worst $100 me and my friend have ever spent on food. Got sick later on in the night and absolutely wish I could get my money back. Never ever again. Ever.
5	My first time to visit the "Sin City" and let me tell you the Rio Buffet food selection is awesome! I love the little shot glasses of cheese cakes and desserts that was the coolest and delicious! I also enjoyed a variety of foods from all over the world from the seas to the land we had a little bit of everything I am supper glad I walked it all off with all the walking I had to do on a full stomach. LOL
1	Really!  $50 for a buffet and no lobster.  Really?
1	bad experience. the food was alright. but that's all i can say. the seafood was overly salty..the only good seafood i liked was the stuffed crab shell and blackened fish. I would not eat their cheap 'sushi'.  The gelato bar was cool though, but the desert..you can pass on. It is NOT the business.  I don't know why people like this buffet, other than stuffing your face for 45 bucks. I think other places are better...next time I think i will stick to cafes/eateries. bleh. the desert..the presentation is nice but one you bite into the pastries..its very stale and you can tell it's been sitting there. I had the tiramisu and cookies & cream gelato which were good. but that's it.
2	Ok I have eaten here twice in the last week. Both times are were very so so. Its nice place  to waste a little hard earned cash from time to time. With a very nice decor and a kind of a funny ambiance. The food was pretty good ,but not as vast as it was made out to be.  The World Buffet on the other side of the casino would be a better choice for food, but hey its a seafood buffet. I will admit Ive had better sushi in Vegas the sushi here was dried out to in my opinion. The prime rib of all things was amazing. (Go figure good prime rib in a seafood buffet?) The funny thing about this place was how they seated people.  There is nothing like being ushered to one side of the restaurant with all the blacks or groups with "a" black face in a single corner far away from the actual buffet. Maybe they thought all darker people know each other and the conversations would be good? I don't, but I do know ill be spending my next poker winnings else where.
1	i've heard some great things about this place, and i think once upon a time they were probably true; they definitely aren't now. this place is horrible and it's $50 a person. there's no lobster included, and the seafood isn't as fresh as it should be. the oysters are inedible, and the crab legs are way too salty (probably to cover up the fact that they aren't fresh) on top of everything else, they only serve pepsi products! :( overall, a horrible experience. definitely not what i expected, especially for that price. i highly recommend you avoid this place!!
5	I'm not into seafood but it was my husbands birthday and he loves it.. There were other options then seafood that made me happy...and my husband said his was great..
3	The hubster & I ate here nearly 12 years ago for our wedding rehearsal dinner. We thought we'd be nostalgic and give it a go. We had $5 off (Diamond status) and yet it still was nearly 90 bucks BEFORE gratuity. In my book, that's just a little too extravagant for a buffet. I mean really, who can eat $44.50 worth of any type of food? Not me, that's for sure! They have a wide selection of seafood, meat and poultry as well as shashimi and a gelateria. If "money be damned" is your personal motto than by all means, go for it. Otherwise save your cash for gambling and try BK's Burger Bar. Just sayin....
4	My friend and I came here Sunday, 02/19/2012, for a late lunch after we were told by a few locals to go here for a pretty good seafood buffet other than the mainstream ones that everyone goes to. When we got there, we were told that only have dinner served on Sundays, which was fine because we wanted to try a lot of different foods. While we were there they had a special on drinks for two people that came in two large margarita glasses that you can keep when you're done.  Our server was a major doll! She was so friendly and personable, really attentive with all the tables she was taking care of, and definitely goes out of her way for people. When we were done with our large drinks, she took our glasses, cleaned them, and returned them to us.Back to the food: There were different sections for different types of food and there were so many choices that there was no way to eat it all! Just as you would expect from Vegas, each dish was served as they should: anything fried was crispy and hot and cold dishes were served appropriately. Above all, the dishes were fresh and tasty. I'll definitely be back here again for more delicious food... and the great service!Note: By the end of our meal, a line was formed outside to get in. I'm not sure how long they waited, but it did get pretty packed for an early dinner. Might be good to come here early to make sure you can get in.
3	The frustrating thing about this place is the inconsistency of quality of the dishes. Some are great and others I can't believe they even put up.Great: salmon sashimi, prime rib, lobster tail, crawfish, beef ribs.Sucks: fish (obviously frozen and frozen badly), clams (overcooked), mussels (overcooked).The gold standard in Vegas is the Bellagio Buffet. Unless you stay at the Rio and are too lazy to go to the Bellagio, go to the Bellagio Buffet and even save a few bucks.
4	This is the reason you even bother stepping into the Rio to begin with. Really. But this whole trip is such a magnificent blur they I could have been eating out of the garbage for all I know and thinking it was great. They have those enormous margaritas for you to sip on while you suck down scallops, muscles, oysters, Cajun fried shrimp,  sashimi, and whatever frozen and re-prepared sea food you could possibly want. Of course it's frozen, we're in the desert for Santorum's sake! In any case, I enjoyed it and the lady bringing out my drinks was very kind.
1	I use to eat at the Village Seafood Buffet when I lived here in Vegas. I am in town on business and thought I would go there for dinner on Friday night. I was shocked I got there about 615 PM and there was no line. But the line did show up right after I got in so this was the only plus. I was so set back on how poor the taste of the food was. The crab legs were dried out in side, like that the reheated the legs that went used the night before. The deep fried fish was cold and slimy inside. I took one bite of the lobster and almost lost my cookies, I was worried that I was going to get hit with food poison but it did not hit. Then to top it off I grab some stone crab claws, I grab one cracked it open and it was all moldy inside. I saw that I was totally scared to eat anything, stayed away sushi, the rolls. The only think that was ok was the claim chowderI will not be back after paying 48.00 for old dried up food. I should have went to the Bellagio Buffet, had split king crab leg and peeled shrimp for 10.00 less. I will not be backService was a 4 star and I wish I could give 0 stars for the food.
1	Was here 5 years ago with friends and it was excellent. Brought my boyfriend this time for his first Vegas experience and sad to say it was an absolute let down (very embarassing since I bragged about it the whole way from Ventura County!).There were a ton of people in line and they had 5 kiosks, but only 2 were in operation! Nothing more frustrating! Bigger is not always better, as they had a large assortment but it was all cold and very bland. They only had hot plates for the salad so I had to decline (I've worked in resteraunt my whole life and this is a big no-no).This place seems to draw a "ghetto" crowd who push and shove and take three plates at a time (eww, gross). This isn't the buffets fault, but made me have less of an appetite. Service was very slow but the waitress was nice. It is too stressful to have only one girl tending to 20-30 tables.It was extremely pricey, which I don't mind because I am in Vegas, however the price should be reflective of the food. I hate to say it, but the Rio looks terrible these days and if they don't step it up to compete with these growing hotels they will get swept under.  What happened to the Rio that I knew and loved??! Best buffet in Vegas is at Mandalay Bay or Aria... cheaper, fresher and WAAYYY better service.
4	People told me to go there so we did. There is a discount if you're a Vegas resident which is a big bonus. There is so much food to choose from, and all 3 of us loved it. Overall we were really happy with our expierence but since the Rio is a little bit out of the way (from the strip) I don't know if we'll go out of the way to go back.
2	you can include this place in the buffets of buffets deal (normally $44.99) by just adding an extra $15. Otherwise you pay $48 for the meal alone. They had oysters, clams, crab claws, several kinds of crab legs, crawfish, shrimp (I think there were lobster tails too but they were sooo tiny that I mistakened them for prawns). Unfortunately, nothing was really fresh. Either it was rotten tasting, too bland, or too salty, or too dry. Not sure it was really worth the $48--I rather just eat a few seafood items that taste great than to be exposed to a number of items, with none of them even tasting decent. The only memorable thing I liked was not seafood--they had udon miso soup that you put together yourself. Probably won't be going back.
5	This is by far the best seafood eatry in town. its a bit pricey but if you have a players card you can use it/your points for discounts. I'm not sure how much us locals get as a break but every penny helps.  The last time I was there we had the Diablo Shrimp dish and it was a spicy piece of heaven.  As soon as I found out we were going back my mouth started watering for it and I was so disapointed that it wasn't on the Baja line.  This was the first trip I saved room for desert and I have to say being able to sample all the different ice creams and gellatos was amazing. Get there early to avoid the dinner rush/hour long wait on line.  If there is a line trust me, its worth every second you spend in it.
5	This can be a rewarding experience if you plan for it, leaving those rookie buffet-goer mistakes at the door.Known only as "The Silent Hunter" by family and friends, my demeanor morphs from free spirit into a wily predator about to viciously attack his prey when at a buffet such as this.Here are my tips for a successful buffet outing at Rio's Seafood Buffet: *  On the day of the buffet, no lunch or unnecessary snackingAt the buffet:*   No salads, breads, or any other useless filler foods. Their conspicuous      presence near the crab legs and shrimp could throw you off your game.     Don't fall for it.*  Your table waiter will take your drink order. Be prepared for its arrival in a large    red plastic cup roughly the same size as one of those Big Gulps, another clever     ruse designed to slow your eating stride. Too much liquid, forget it.*  The shrimp. Oldest trick in the book! It's still in the shell, not good. Time is your     biggest opponent here  Eating slowly will cut your consumption rate by almost     half. (I have no empirical data to support this, just a guess)  I know it's tempting     but don't bother with the shrimp, not now at least. We'll come back to that in a    a moment.And this brings us to the piece de resistance ; the crab. A couple of problems however. Let's walk through them shall we?  First, its still in the shell and cold, sitting on an ice bed since God knows when.Second, its snow crab, not much yield for the effort.Here's what you do.Bring a pair of gloves with you to the restaurant. White gloves, with which you'll inform your server of their concealing a rare medical condition; "I've got leprosy", you inform her, "Unless you want a rotting-skin, shit-show on your hands, you'll need to remove the shells from my crab. You'll also need to heat it up for me...my gums are sensitive to cold. Oh, and bring some clarified butter, and maybe a pound o' shrimp while you're at it, peeled of course."Now eat my friend.Eat until you mightily swell like a blue tick, or, until the manager asks you to leave, or, you explode, whichever comes first.Now go and enjoy.
3	The Seafood Buffet was ok. I think it's over priced. Otherwise it's not a bad buffet. I did Love the Shrimp Grits
1	It is really sad that the quality for this buffett has dropped so much.  The first time I went was 6 years ago and had to wait for more than an hour for a table.  Back then it was totally worth it with high quality seafood and food. This time there was no line.  Price with tax was about $50 per person.  But the seafood was awful...  either bad quality seafood, overcooked and dry or just poor tasting food.  I would pay more to have the quality they used to have but for what they are serving I would say $15 (And even if they charged $15, I still would not go back!!!).  Save your money and go somewhere else like Wicked Spoon.
1	Gross things I ate:  chewy dried out oyster,  fajita with a dried out tortilla; deep-fried sesame ball which was overcooked and dried out (seeing a pattern?) and a crab that was like raw or something in its claw; I don't even know.   Tasty things I ate: Mediterranean cured salmon, greek salad.  OK  but unimpressive things: everything else.
1	Over rated! Nasty dirty!  seafood is not fresh. The counters are dirty. It's better quality seafood at Rio carnival. you pay less  and the counters are maintained.
2	I've always heard good things about the RIO buffet, so I had to give it a try. The seating was nice for a buffet and the service was good. The buffet area was huge and the variety of food was vast. They had everything from Italian to Chinese. I tried a bit of everything and as much as I wanted to like the food, it wasn't great. It almost felt as though they pay too much attention to the variety and not enough to the actual taste of the food. I might even liken the quality of the food to a home town buffet. I truly hope this place can turn it around.
3	Only reason for 3 stars is the price. Way too expensive compared to other buffets. Wynn & Carnival buffet is cheaper and also has seafood selection such as crab legs. The first time I ate there, it was amazing, king crab legs & decent size lobster. But this was three years ago, it's changed since that first experience. Another time we went to Vegas, my main objective was to go back to this buffet, but was a little disappointed. It was still good, crab legs delicious, but the lobster shrunk & the other variety of food was just okay. Just recently went back again 2 weeks ago and after eating felt it was just way too much money for the quality. Crab legs were delicious again but the line just to get to them was ridiculous. They should have two separate lines offering crab legs to minimize the long wait. Also, the lobster they offer is mixed with what looks like a bunch of leftovers from shrimp pieces & was not great. Rest of the selection was good but not great. For $45 a person, I expected better quality & seafood galore, but it just doesn't seem they are living up to the title of 'seafood buffet.' On my way to Vegas again and this time I'll explore other buffets that offer seafood at a better price.
2	I think people who give this place any more than 3 stars is a joke and you clearly need to get out more to other establishments.  Food: It's ok and can do the job if you know what you're picking at.  I got the prime rib and had him cut thin slices for me and it was a perfect medium rare.  The crab legs should be easier to eat and cut for you, but it's not.  The wonton noodles were garbage.  There is definitely a huge variety, but like I said, you gotta pick and choose wisely!  Gelato station was a hit though among our crew.  Atmosphere:  Nothing spectacular.  There's a bar in the buffet that you can have drinks ordered.  Bottom line:  This use to be the happening spot like 10 years ago, but it's gone downhill.  I mean, you get what you pay for in Vegas.
3	3.5 stars!  This is about the only decent seafood buffet in LV.  Yes, it's off the strip; but it's worth a try if you want a decent seafood buffet. This place will set you back about $35.The cocktail shrimp are sweet, meaty, and large; the crab legs come in two temps - warm or cold - and are sweet and meaty.  Side note: the crab legs are inconsistent here; sometimes they're right on the money and at other times they're salty.  The buffet itself has a lot of variety and is constantly replenished.Other important info: located near chippendales/wetzel's pretzels inside Rio casino, fast service, expect lines, watch mardi gras parade while you wait, expansive buffet offering.
1	Pretty disappointed.... $50 per person for a Vegas Buffet... Seafood none the less and NO LOBSTER... really????The taste and quality of the other seafood/fish was below average as well. My boyfriend, who likes everything and eats everything, didn't even like the food.... his stomach got upset in the middle of dinner so that was it for him.Best thing I ate was the Elvis Presley Gelato-- banana with PB and J! Not the seafood.  I should have asked for my money back
4	This is my favorite buffet...so far. Boyfriend and I have stuck to off-strip buffets, since they're so much cheaper than the alternative. We wouldn't come if it weren't for the locals discount (2 for 1!) It's best to come as close to opening as you can, as the line gets very long. It generally moves quickly though. As for the food, you must remember that this is a buffet. The food is made in giant batches and left under a sneeze-guard until it runs out. You shouldn't be expecting a gourmet extravaganza. With that in mind, the food is tasty! I learned about halfway through my first visit that the crab legs are a waste of time. The sushi is actually decent here, although very basic. Every time I've gone, the fish has been fresh. I generally hit the sushi hard, interspersing the million other small things they offer. My favorite meals are the ones made up of appetizers, so I love to pick up the little bite size things. I simply don't want to waste the tummy room on big portions of meat & potatoes when I can sample small bits of a ton of different things. Also, I adore the desserts, one in particular: a lemon-raspberry tarte...so, so good. I've been trying for months to find a recipe that approximates it so I can make them at home!
2	Was planning on going to World Buffet but came across this and decided to give it a try. I must say, given the name and the price, I was more expectation than what were available, especially in terms of quality.The best offering is probably the crab legs. I was disappointed with the sashimi, as it didn't look and taste as fresh or I thought it should be. The raw oysters were also just ok. The server we had was nonchalant, not very attentive.(Ironic that during our trip, most of the services we received I'd grade as fair or poor, given that it's a town that should have top-notch services. Also noticed on several occassions where patrons did not leave tips at the buffet).This trip to the buffet was disappointing, given how costly it is (roughly $50 per person), I'd not come back.
5	My favorite buffet in Vegas for seafood!
4	I dunno... I thought it was good. I stuck to what I came for: a plate stacked high with lobster tails and crab legs. I shelled all of my food first, including picking the breading off of some fried scallops and tossed a few shrimp on the pile, doused the whole thing in butter and went to town. Three times. The fourth plate I did crab legs and threw some cheesy pasta shells in there because dang, sometimes I like to eat that too! I know they have other food there, like some mexican section and an asian section. There is a teeny produce section if you want a salad. And the mini-desserts were good too! Too bad the most recent reviews of this place are not so stellar because I did have a good experience. I may not make it back but only due to a personal preference - I had enough lobster on the same plate as the crab to have formed the opinion that I actually prefer crab to lobster, at least these small lobster tails, and I don't have to have both on the same plate again. I have done it once. Really, with the small lobster tails though, I don't agree with the board complaints on that. I mean, it's a buffet. Do you honestly believe a restaurant is going to set out 1-lb size tails and chance the uneaten waste on THOSE?
2	I was pretty disapointed. Everything was sub par. The prime rib was dry and like warm. I tried the crab claws and they were really firm and dry on the inside. The "lobster" were tiny tails, the size of a prawn. What a waste of $86 for 2 people. Next time I'm going to wynn buffet. Stay away!
5	The wife and I tried this buffet for the first time. We are locals (20% discount). This is a great seafood buffet. It has an amazing assortment of seafood and fish, that you will not find anywhere else. Crabs legs were succulent, shrimp and mussels tasted very fresh. But my favorites were the cooked lobster tails and tiger shrimp, the NE clam chowder, the shrimp and grits. All very tasty. Even their dessert assortment was very delicious with blueberry cheesecake ice cream and eclairs that really tasted chocolatey. They also have $3-$4 drink specials. I do not agree with some of the so-so reviews about this place. You are NOT going to get all you can eat lobster tails like in an expensive restaurant ad pay only $40. Even the ambiance of this buffet was very enjoyable with low ceilings to make it cozier. This is definitely my new favorite buffet and my goto when I crave crab legs or seafood.
2	I was pretty disappointed with this place.  We went Thursday night for dinner and were really ready for this amazing dinner and a few items were really good, but much of it was so lacking that overall we weren't impressed.Good things:Service was great - very friendly people and drinks refilled constantly.Lots to pick fromDessert - wow!!! their new york cheesecake and creme brulee was devine!Lobster mac & cheese - deliciousLobster bisque & clam chowder - both were really goodBiggest complaints: there were NO lobster tails - Not sure if they only put them out on certain nights, but bummed that there weren't any when we were there, yet other yelp reviews have people raving about them.  The only actual 'lobster' that was out was what they called a lobster medley with small pieces of lobster in the shell.  These tasted ok, but were supposed to be warm, but were barely lukewarm, making it a bit odd.crab legs weren't good. they were cold, which was fine, but seemed as if they'd been soaked in water for a long time so the crab itself was completely mushy.  I've had better crab at red lobster if that's any indicationIn the end, not somewhere I'll ever visit again.  Totally not worth the money they charge for it. Other buffets are better and cheaper.
1	Increadably disappointed! I live here and have eaten at most buffets and even the worst have good points and at least one good dish, this was not the case here. I had to make several trips to the buffet an load a plate and send them still full to the dumpster where the Hogs would have a hard time chocking this stuff down, from no taste to a salty food everything you would expect to be fresh was frozen to the point of no tase or color. This is truly the first buffet I have ever left and needing to go eat somewhere else to fill the void. We enjoy all you can eat buffet and still eat there but I would think twice about spending $50.00 to eat at the seafood buffet.
1	Wish I could give it negative stars.  I got such horrible food poisoning after eating here that I had to reschedule my flight which I was charged for, and book an extra night at the hotel because I couldn't leave the room.  Almost $700 later, plus the $100 cost of dinner makes me really regret going here.  My travel insurance won't even cover the airline change fees because I didn't see a doctor while I was there, even though I never would have made it to the hospital.
1	If you see signs "Do not eat the food while self serving" everywhere in the buffet, what do you think of the place?This place is one of the most expensive buffet in Vegas, $44.99 when I was there Sat night. On the Rio's website, they are promoting an all-seafood buffet. You would think with this price, there are big lobster tails, fresh oysters, abalone salad, big crab legs, 4-5 kind of fishes, etc. Am I expecting too much?Guess what? Not only this is not an all -seafood buffet, this is one of the worst (if not the worst) buffter in Vegas!First of all, only less than half of the dishes contain seafood. The seafood they serve is the ordinary cheap stuff: medium size shrimp with shells, medium size crab legs, small clams and mussels. Oysters? dry and ugly. I would not eat them raw.Thinking about lobster tail? There is none. There are extra small crawfish (small as your thumb), and medium size crawfish tails cooked Chinese style (chopped in half vertically). I am very sure these so called "lobster tails" are crawfish as it is illegal to catch lobster in such small size.Interestingly, there is no tag on any dish indicating what it is. Does it indicate something?About 1/6 of the counter space is for Mexican food, actually looked OK, except nobody is there. Another 1/6 is dedicated to Italian with only shrimp as seafood. The Italian station looks so bad that no one is hardly there.The Chinese station? Oh man, the food looks like from the night before and no seafood there either. Some roast duck/chicken and some pork buns. Looks very dry due to "aging".Besids cold seafood (clams, mussel and oyster), most cooked seafood are havey breaded shrimp and  mussel. Nowhere near the quality from Bellagio's buffet.The prim rib? Looks extremely low quality and has funny looking color. No one was taking it on Saturday night. I was hoping enough people would take that prim rib so that I can see what the next piece would look like. No luck after an hour.They did not even have whole chicken or turkey in the carve station. Only fat chicken wings!The only bright spot is the grilled octopus. They are big and good. The source is also pretty tasty.The salad station is extremely small, next to the fruit station. The desert station is OK, with home made ice cream.In summary, this is a buffet which should be priced no more than $20. Their child pricing is only up to 8 yrs old ($25), which is strange also.My guess is their marketing trick is to lure you in just for once. This is first and last time I am in Rio.There are really only 3 buffet worthy to try in Vegas on the strip: (1) Bellagio's: cheaper at $36.99 on Sat, extremely high quality food, also very very good coffee; (2) Mandalay Bay's: about $30, quality is consistent, main stream stuff; (3) Wynn's: usually long lines and expensive, but food is in high quality.
5	My Wife and I went to this place and it was awesome. It is a little pricey at $44.00 per person, but i believe its well worth it. This place has seafood galore, everything from sashimi-raw fish, to 3 different types of crab legs, to sushi rolls, to chopped squid and fried calmari, oysters, clams and muscles, and soups and damn-it I'm getting hungry again. Must try.
4	My wife and I went here for some serious seafood. I don't know why so many people are bashing this buffet. I started with a variety of seafood.. lobster tails, crawfish, mussels, crab(cold and hot), shrimp(cold and hot), stone crab claws, raw ahi tuna, sushi, cajun shrimp, several varieties of fish, prime rib and that was just the first plate... awesome...especially with tons of melted butter. The service was awesome ..What else do you want?
3	I went to this buffet for the sole purpose of having Lobster tails and Crabs leg but..NO LOBSTER!  The crab legs had no flavor.  I just paid $50.00 to only eat pasta whch was the only tasty thing I could find.
5	OK, I've been to buffets all over Vegas. I eat everywhere! But people! This is the very "Best" that we have in Vegas!!!! The Lobster is fantastic! I'm so full I just want to go to sleep!
4	It's a buffet, so I'm going to be intentionally brief here. This is worth it - every time. The drive, the wait, the price - it's worth it. So, just go here if you're around and you have some time to pig out for a bit. King crab legs for dinner. Holler and a half.
2	Boooo!! I was not impressed with this overpriced seafood buffet.  I was hesitant to pay almost $50 per person, but I told myself that if I ate 4 plates of food, I would get my money worth.  There just wasn't enough of a variety for ME to want to eat 4 full plates worth of anything. I went specifically for the crab legs and was turned off when the crab legs were frozen with ice, literally.  And had zero taste.  I then proceeded to get the hot, crab legs and they were flavored with something that tasted like terriyaki, but I would like to think that they would know better than to mess up crab legs with some terriyaki sauce.  So I will assume it was some unknown seasoning that was used.  Nonetheless, I didn't like it! Yucko!Plate number three was dessert.  The most interesting thing for dessert was the gelato.  Which I discovered, I hate gelato!! All the other desserts weren't appealing to the eye so I stuck with a sugar cookie.  Boring, I know.My fourth plate was full of random food that didn't even fill me.   Save your money!Note, you will think that the buffet doesn't have signs for the dishes, but you have to look up on top of the display and you will see the names projecting from a limb.  This piece of information will make you a rockstar when the guy behind you says "I wish I knew what this dish was called".Thank me later!!
5	Ok-Now officially my new favorite buffet in Vegas.I am a seafood lover though... so I'm definitely biased....I think I ate a pound of salmon sashimi.... and my hubby ate his fill of crawfish and oysters.Also- the clam chowder was delicious!
1	WORST SEAFOOD BUFFET--WORST BUFFET PERIOD--even if it cost only half the $45 price--1 star for no line (no wonder) when World Buffet is an hour-plus wait--maybe Rio is getting more ghetto & accepts this level--but how can World Buffet deliver so much more for less?CRAB/ MUSSELS/ CLAMS & BABY-SIZE LOBSTER?--laced wih linguini--all limp & lacking flavor/ texture--& it wasn't late--when food trays over-simmer--(& make food perfectly soft for grannies w/out teeth)--king crab legs--no betterFISH--over-cooked & dry & not recognizable (might as well taste like chicken)PAELLA--tastier but minimal texturesDESSERT--can't screw up gelato (but I can't devour $45 worth of gelato)--but creme brulee should not retain sugar in granular formREDEEMING QUALITY?--bland but attractive roast duck (I must be Chinese)--shu mai with some flavor & sizable shrimp chunks--heavenly-fluffy chasui bow--(so keep the Chinaman cook)--(but line up the other chefs in front of Robert Irvine)
3	If you want to eat unsalted crab and fairly good steak, this is a place for you, my friend. Without a Nevada residential ID, you are to pay above 30 dollars to enter a stairway of food heaven.  I did not have enough space in my stomach for fruits but according to my friend fruits are not fresh. I don't expect you to look out for quality of food as much as quantity of food that they offer. I hope you enjoy American, Italian, Mexican, Chinese, Japanese, and Vietnamese cuisines as much as I do in one place.
5	This buffet asks a very important question, can you have too much seafood? The answer is no! Not a seafood fan, but you are with someone who is, step one; have your head examined, I mean what the devil is wrong with you? Step two; go to the buffet anyway, they have plenty of non seafood items that will help you to get to that euphoric state of bloat one can only get at a buffet. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
2	It time to look for another seafood buffet, off-strip and a  non-casino restaurant. It is not that Rio Seafood Buffet is bad, nor it is good. I think for me, it lies in between mediocre. Crab legs are thinner than most buffets. Oyster is borderline frozen and very few and far between are 'pickable'. Salmon sashimi is cut in itty bitty portions though it still tastes great. Their sushi selection and taste were average. What I did like is their gelato selections for dessert. They were delicious and quite tastey.Rio Seafood Buffet is more like a 3 stars. However, there is just a lot of good seafood buffets back in my area at almost half the price. Rio's high entry price really dragged it down to 2 stars.
5	One of my top three Vegas Buffets.  It's been awhile since I have been so I can give you a run down of what is there, but I do know I'm thinking of it :) :)  Worth a trip to Vegas.Other two on my list in Vegas: Spicemarket Buffet & Bellagio Grand Buffet
5	All you can eat crab legs, shrimp, sashimi and lobster tails.  There were sections from around the world (Mexico, Japan, China, etc) and the food was great.  Everything was fresh and filled up.  I was very impressed.  Was it expensive?  Yes, but I will be back.
5	This place is kind of pricey but the seafood selection and quality are primo.  Only go when you haven't eaten all day to get your moneys worth of seafood.  The asian section was delicious!!!  The restaurant is clean and modern with friendly waiters and waitresses...  If you've been craving seafood in Vegas, this is the place for you....
4	Great selection. Jambalaya tasted authentic, slipper lobster and big shrimp were tasty enough. Pricey but OK. Chinese and Italian selections were exceptional. Crab legs were just snow crab. Surprisingly, the prime rib/beef was the best. Gelato really great, as is the dutch apple pie, so crumbly good.
5	Every time I come to Vegas this is my MUST EAT BUFFET! Just think $50 for all the seafood you can eat! This last time we came they had, snow crab, shrimp, raw oysters, and mussels. They also various hot dishes with shrimp, crawdads, crab, and even lobster! I can stay here for hours just eating away, but then that would mean no room for another buffet while in Vegas! lol It may be a bit off the strip and you will need to take a cab, but I guarantee it's worth it.
5	Seafood galore! Great staff, and food, as good as it gets.
3	Ok. Rio claims this to be the only seafood buffet in Vegas and even though it might be, I am not sure the amount of extra seafood selections can justify its 50 dollar price tag. On the other end, if you are local and have a total reward car (free), it is only $35 and that makes it a lot more attractive. They usually have snow crab legs, boiled mussels, Sushi/Sashimi (yellow tail, Salmon and Tuna WITHOUT RICE), craw-fish, lobster (big and small), shrimp (sucks i hate peeling them even if it was very easy), oysters, prime rib, and many other stuff that buffet lovers won't even touch. They are usually very fresh and there are times when their seafood are left out for too long. It shouldn't be a major concern since I go here almost once a month and I probably only had it once and they were replaced with fresh ones after I told the server. Everything else there is boring and sucks. Desert section is absolutely sucks compare to Wynn ($36) Bellagio ($36) and M Resort. If you are not like me and my friends who had 19 dishes of snow crab legs, and many more dishes of sashimi, this really isn't the best buffet in town. Not even close
1	Price: usd44.99 per person is too expensive for the kind of seafood (no seafood taste) and other food they served and I have never in my life taste a crab and clam that's tasteless!Food Quality: only Dessert and Sashimi is of better quality and some of the food in the hot section has been left there for too long that it kinda dry up!Surrounding: a very old fashion interior and lighting for the food is very dark Service: my server is very nice and attentiveNow I know why there isn't any line on a Saturday dinner!Overall, it definitely worth only 1 to 1 1/2 stars!!!!
2	Its called the Seafood Buffet, I know I'm not the only one who expected everything (or mostly everything) to have seafood in it.  True, it didn't stop me from sampling their bbq pork, or chicken noodle soup, or pork tamales...but still... its not even MOSTLY seafood.  So here's a brief rundown of other disappointments here: the tamal was mushy on one side while being dry on the other.  These should have probably been kept in a steamer, not under a heat lamp.  The ribs looked good upon first glance, but turn over any piece and its an inch of pure fat on the back of it.  Ive seen food channel, I know fat is flavor, but at least trim it off for presentation purposes, yeah?  I get it...buffet... but at nearly $50 per person, make it look pretty guys.  The corn tortillas were so dry.  So get a giant steamer and keep the tortillas next to the tamales in it.  The drink refills were slow to come...The chicken noodle soup was soooo salty.  The only good food I can remember is my one pc of bbq pork, the cantalope, and the steamed rice.  Honestly, this place is priced like the buffet at Wynn, and I'd rather go there for that kind of money
4	Great food selection!!!But it's kinda pricey, $50/person. It's not worth $50 so -1 star.
4	I've eaten here 4 times with my family. They bring me because I get a discount with my player's card... lol.I think the quality of food has always been very good. The sushi is great and the sashimi is great also. The lobster is good and it's all you can eat...so the complaints baffle me. The chinese food and mexican food are good also, but not as good as the seafood. The crab legs are kind of small, but once again All you can eat...The desert bar is very good. The ELVIS ice cream is my favorite. Also, the crem brule is very good as well. It does take the staff a little time to refill drinks as every time i've been here the place has been packed...
4	If you love seafood, this is a must go.  If you don't, then go to The Buffet at Wynn instead.  I wish this was on the strip, so I wouldn't have to take a taxi just to go eat this place every time.
5	This place is really aces! The food is top quality. Every type of seafood, and preparation style you could imagine is represented. From steamed crab legs and lobster tails to baked cod, grilled tilapia, fried catfish... and I could honestly go on and on. The food is made with care and there is a high turn over rate so you aren't getting typical "warmer style" buffet food.There are also stations that have alternative food choices such as Mexican and Italian. There is a decent sushi spread, a fruit and salad bar, and a desert bar for the ages! AMAZING Gelato (the coconut is something dreams are made of) and the other pastry like desserts are delicious and they don't have that stale buffet desert type taste. To be 100% honest I am a pescetarian (vegetarian who will eat fish on occasion) and not a huge fan of most seafood and I managed to eat an incredibly delicious amount.I would recommend the Rio Seafood buffet VERY highly.
5	Brought my Boyfriend and his siblings to experience what a buffet should be! I love this place!! Yes it is a bit pricey but if you are smart about it you can get a good price. I used my Rewards card to get a discount and had a $10 coupon and $10 credit on my Players Card so I was able to get $40 off for 4 people. The food is of high quality, the staff is super friendly and the desert variety is amazing! If you are going to Las Vegas and want to splurge on a buffet this is the one that will ruin all other buffets you will ever have.  Now when I go to Vegas this is the one place I make sure I come to for lunch.  Favorite so far is the Clam Chowder, The baby Lobster, Lobster mashed potatoes and their seafood pasta. They also have oysters, king crab legs and fresh Sushi.
5	The best buffet I've ever been too. We got here on Sunday 09/30/12 at 3:15pm. We were the first persons in line which was so cool bc the Rio buffet usually have a line wrapped around the corner. Apparently football games keeps the crowd away on Sundays.      The cashier was very nice and allowed us to walk around, view the area, and food that was already place out. We were pleased to see crawfish, snowcrabs, baby lobster, shrimp, already steamed and seasoned waiting for us. We then went on to pay for our buffet which was about $44.00 with our $5.00 discount via the Rio card.      Once it was officially open, we were seated and drink orders were taken by our server, Henry. We went straight for the snow crabs, crawfish, shrimp, and lobster that was steamed. The crawfish an shrimp had a great flavor hence I'm from New Orleans and a lot of places lack seasoning. They even had smoke sausage that had a nice kick to it which made the meal even better. Sn: the Rio had some interesting drama. The police came and removed a man from his table that had apparently found an iPhone 5 and didn't turn it in. They had surrounded his table and took the iPhone only to return 10 minute later to remove him. He said he was going to turn it in but it seems their is a law/rule that if you fin an iPhone you have 1 hour to turn it in before the authorities step in. Apparently he had it longer than an hour and had no intent on turning it in. I'm an iphone user and I'm happy that FIND IPHONE works so well to find dishonest people like that!
4	It has been about 6 years since I've eaten at this buffet and I have to say, it's still just as good as it was before!The food was full of flavor and they had crab legs, my fav! There was no wait and our server was so attentive on refills and emptying out our shells. I wish I could remember his name bc I really appreciated his attentive-ness ;)I had to take away a star for the following:1. I like oysters, but their oysters were a. Frozen b. Looked like they were shucked weeks prior and c. Did not look appetizing at all2. They're lobsters that used to be a LOT bigger are now the size of XL cocktail shrimp. Tastes like lobster, look like shrimp. Thought it was interesting.3. Crab legs are my FAVORITIST thing in the world when it comes to buffets. VS Buffet, you completely disappointed me with OVERCOOKING them. It was so much work to eat them. Though the flavor was amazing, I just gave up after my 2nd batch, when I usually go for 3 or 4 batches of legs. *sad face*Not bad quality for not eating here for 6 years. Places like this tend to go down hill after places like Wicked open up.TIP: LOCAL DEAL, show your local I.D. and players card and get 25% OFF for each person that has local I.D.
5	Seafood Lovers may indulge in this extravagant assortment of Fresh Everything!  A little pricey but this is a Seafood Buffet and for that, it is expected.  Starting price at $44.99 that is a respectable price, and to deduct from that with a Total Rewards Players Card...that gets it down to $39.99.  That extra $5.00 off is your tip money right there.  Hours of operation are Monday to Friday 4pm-10pm & Saturday to Sunday 3:30pm-10pm.  Though Village Seafood Buffet closes the entrance line cashiers at 10pm, they don't take the food away till around 10:30pm.  Plenty time for a late dinner as you can still eat past 10:30pm inside of course.  Depending on off hours that I been here, the lines don't seem to be as long as from when it first opened at Rio Hotel.  Actually my latest visit had only one group in front of us and we were seated right away.  Though not as big as its neighbor Carnival Buffet in size and selection...Village Seafood Buffet packs a variety of quality for one to enjoy consumption of.  The atmosphere is simple, a little smaller in size yet elegant  and intimate for formal dates and dining...but mind you this is a casual buffet.  The Lobster Tails are one of the main attractions if not the star of the show!  As fast as these delicacy are snatched from hungry hunter gatherer type homo-sapiens we call humans...they are quickly re-filled piping hot, with the natural season-less steamy vapors of aroma filling the air.  A plate or two will already pay for your entrance fee, but be careful to walk it off as these are dangerous cholesterol  non-friendly little devils.  But boy are they mouth watering delish and so conveniently ready to plop into your mouth.  Asides from this, there are plenty of ice cold, freshly sliced sashimi, with color so flamboyant and tantalizing it calls your name by your salivating glands.  When it comes to the cooked fish, they have everything from steamed sword fish to baked salmon, fried fish and chips to blackened pepper tilapia. South American to Asian to American ethnic flavors can tickle your fancy as well.  For the non-seafood lovers, I wouldn't really recommend coming here,but if you happen to be with a group you cannot say no to...they have something for you as well.  You will find Peruvian Rice, Prime Rib (which actually is cooked a little more than most buffets - doesn't give you a raw type look) they also have a Brazilian Chicken that is pretty tantalizing.  They also have made to order Bar for your Margarita needs and what not. Lastly they have an amazing Gelato machine in a circular gizmo that makes you think "Spin the Gelato Wheel of Flavor" & where it lands that is what you get, or not, or TRY IT ALL!...that you must save room for that will fulfill your fullness.  If you are looking for an experience this is one of those buffets to check out.  I actually find this buffet more worth it than that of Caesar's Palace new Bacchanal Buffet.  Be sure to check it out, especially if you are a seafood lover! ENJOY & BON APPETIT~!
2	I have been here many times before over the past eight years and on my last trip (10/28/2012) I was extremely disappointed.  The seafood selection has lessened significantly and the quality is less than desirable.  For $50, I should not taste salted and dried out king crab legs.  The blackened tilapia was the only stand out seafood I can immediately recall and even that was dried out.  The Prime Rib was tender and juicy, the vegetarian selection was extremely minimal and the deserts were hit-or-miss.  It's very unfortunate to see the price of a buffet go up and their quality go down.
3	Pros:  Seafood variety            Customer ServiceCons:  Price             Lobster tails & shrimp were small.              Limited dessert variety
1	ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE!!!!  Bad Hospital Cafeteria food is the best thing I and the other 5 people with me could say about it.  DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY
5	my fave buffet in vegas.  and it's part of the buffet of buffets too.crab legs, chicken wangs, more crab legs, prime rib, more crab legs.oh i swear to you, i'll be there for you, this is not a drive by ay ay ay aybut really, i swear, the food here is of a higher quality than most of the other buffets in Vegas.
5	The best buffet ever, end of story! Went to the Bacchanal last night at Caesar's, it was great, but hey, no lobster!500 items and 9 kitchens seem like I would be happy, right? Again, no lobster!When it comes down to the perfect food, 9 people out of ten will say,  lobster (and the tenth has no taste!).That being said, the Village seafood buffet has plenty of, yes, you guessed it, lobster! Tender, juicy, succulent lobster! If you want more lobster, all you have to do is get up and get some!I love the people who pick through and find the few they want to eat, too funny really. Its all you can eat. Take a shovel and pile it on your plate!My plate refilled 5 times, it was amazing! Started with Miso soup and crab as well. At the end, the lobster won!When I couldn't shove another lobster tail into my mouth I had to finally admit defeat. Damn!So let's say I had ten, half tails per plate (conservative estimate). That would mean I had 25 slipper lobsters for dinner! Pretty amazing for free! Did I say free!?! Why yes,  I did!!! Here is how. Go to the time share presention and insist on this buffet as your gift! Three hours later this voucher will be in your hot little hands!My tip, don't waste the crab, the shrimp or the fish, eat lobster!
4	yum yum YUMMMMMM. this place is so dang GOOOOOD.  so many seafood selections you would go nuts. The different crabs and lobster were my favorite.I have been several times and will continue to go back. Totally worth the money.
3	I have to agree with the average reviews at this point.  This place is a 3 and a half star place.  The bummer is we ended up eating here as a second choice when the line for Bacchanal buffet on Thanksgiving was 5 hours long so started off disappointed.  I was happy with the lobster, lamb, prime rib, mashed potatoes and that they offered turkey for the traditional folk.  However, there was much to be improved upon.  The other seafood choices were typical buffet and not anything that really wowed me.  It was really just high production seafood plates.  The dessert was also disappointing but overall I am giving it 3 stars for the selection of seafood items and the few items that were pretty good.
4	I got to eat for free for Veteran's day so really...can I complain about free food? No ummm Not really. The food was pretty good and I ate way too much. I would recommend trying the sushi, crab legs, craved ham (or other meats), and the dessert area. I found out too that the our buffet pass came with free mimosa.
5	I've been to Vegas numerous times and this visit was the first time I actually ate at this buffet and I must say it is the best buffet in all of Vegas hands down!  I have tried several buffets, but this one has way more selections and better tasting food, you are almost overwhelmed with choices of food.  The food is perfectly seasoned and they have a bar inside so you can also have a drink with your dinner.
3	Came on 11/21/12, bought the buffet of buffet deals (+$15/person for this Village Seafood Buffet).  There was no one at the line when we got there, which was good.  The waiter was very nice, and kept constantly refilling our drinks, which was very good. Food quality is OK.  As other Yelpers have mentioned, for the price you pay, the cocktail shrimp should be without shells, but it isn't. Also, the shrimp are kind of small compared to other buffets of the same price.   There was lobster tails, scallops, oysters, and many other seafood cooked in different ways, but nothing tasted outstanding. Sincerely, I was expecting something outstanding because this was all seafood, however it didn't surprise me at all.  I would not come back to this buffet, unless there is a substantial discount or a free meal or something like it, for this price, I will go to Bellagio.
3	a lot of people like the rio buffett. I tried it and didn't like it AT ALL. The seafood weren't fresh! that's why.  I expect it to be good quality for the price!
4	The other evening, I felt like Bubba in the Forrest Gump movie, shrimp this and shrimp that, and with so many combinations to choose from, hot, cold, on ice, in a spicy broth, with rice, yada yada yada -- it was all glorious.  Of the 152 (or so) items, I may have tasted 37 of them (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/village-seafood-buffet-las-vegas?select=jrMXFC66ww1lDR1NsQnyMg#YkaPn9HxhtwF0nqv9uWZKA), and returned again for 5 items, and then again for 2 of my favorites, and again for the same 2 favs, and again for the same 2 favs, until I nearly busted.  Clearly, the best dish was the steamed mix of lobster tails (small 2-3" but who cares, grab 30 of'em) and butterflied large shrimp (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/village-seafood-buffet-las-vegas?select=jrMXFC66ww1lDR1NsQnyMg#ml546xqPEKewFaW1blGmow).  This beats setting out nets to catch on my own, or waking up at 4am to go fishing.  When the last shrimp rolled around for about 3 minutes before I could swallow it, I knew the feast was over for me -- I was clearly out of the contest.With varied stations of seafood (hot and cold), and alternatives (a small bit of Mexican, salads, sushi, and Mediterranean among others), a carving station, etc, Village Seafood Buffet is exactly as it states "seafood", and this is the kind of village I'd like to live in.  The rent is a bit high at $44.95 ($5 off with players card).  But c'mon, you know your a play'a...and it's your turn to take that position over, as I've died and gone to heaven.P.S.  For an extra $11.95, you can add AYCD wine or beer during your dining.PSS.  Don't forget to take the Lobster Mashed Potatoes...it's soooo good!
5	Love this buffet! We always make a point of going here when in Vegas & it never disappoints! Seafood is fresh, delicious & the service excellent!
4	Wowsers only 3 and a half stars? This place deserves at least 4 stars! I know this is the only seafood buffet in Vegas but it's a pretty darn good one!Cooked Mini Lobster Tails, chilled and cooked  Snow Crab Legs, chilled Alaskan King Crab legs, Crawfish, cocktail shrimp and this is just to name a few of the amazing seafood selections that they have. It was $45 per person...but I thought it was pretty worth it. Our waitress was on top of refilling our drinks, clearing out our plates and the baskets of shells. The dessert selection was amazing too....chocolate cups with creme and strawberries, creme bruelee, a variety of cakes, pies and cookies and gelato. I was so stuffed I couldn't move! This is surely one of the best buffet I have tried in Vegas. I read on some reviews that the seafood wasn't that fresh and I guess I have to admit that the chilled crab legs were somewhat frozen...other then that I thought the other seafood were pretty good especially the mini lobster tails..so meaty and tender!Overall if you like seafood this is the one and I guess only seafood buffet to try!
4	Crab legs were huge but so were the lines.. On my second trip back up waited about 10 minutes to get my seconds. The things I picked up earlier in the line were already cold by the time I got back to the table. Perhaps a better layout or multiple locations for the legs could ease this problem. After all they have to know that's what most people are there for!!
3	Not really into casino buffets because I can never seem to get my money's worth.  If you see me checking into a buffet, it's usually due to friends/family are in town, it's comped, or I am desperately hungry. Having said all this, I've been to this specific buffet at least 50 times in the last 10 years.  Each time it's gotten worse and worse.  When it comes to selection, there's plenty for everyone.  When it comes to taste and satisfaction, good luck with that.  I remember years ago where this was one of the better buffets.  Times have changed or my taste has change.  Either way, I don't see myself going out of the way to eat here.  Only reason we stopped here recently was because I had a friend from out of town with me, there wasn't a line, and we were both hungry.  Rio's buffet doesn't compare to M.  I haven't been to Bacchanal or Wicked Spoon, but I assume Rio doesn't compare to them either.  What made my most recent visit even worse was that my local discount didn't work on NYE.  4 stars for cleanliness, no wait, and price was better than everyone else on NYE.  2 stars for quality.  Overall, 3 stars for Rio's Casino Seafood Buffet.
4	This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.   The sushi and sashimi tasted fresh and delish.  The shrimp was peel and eat, which was kind of frustrating, but my man-friend, whom is well versed in crab, sung it's praises. It was my first time with crab legs and I thought they were great.  The hot foods were pretty sub-par, but I went there to fill up on SEAFOOD, the good stuff.  The prime rib was terrible, (cold, slightly overcooked)  but ..hey...it's a seafood buffet, not a beef buffet.   The desserts were also top notch.  I loved the creme brulee.  We walked away stuffed and happy about our first Vegas buffet experience.
2	For the money, awful.Crab legs were good. But some of the fish looked and tasted like it sat out to long. You really have to watch fish and how long it sits out. My fish was way to chewy and luke-warm. Was not a fan, will not go back.
2	I had high expectation for the price they are charging. They had AYCE lobster and I was mainly there to eat lobster. It was over cook. I couldnt pull the meat out with my fork nor with my finger. I gave up on it. The crab legs were on the small size. I'm in the food industry and I know my seafood. It was not what I expected. I preferred to have it hot and steamed. Not standing on ice. Sushi was not even even sushi. They just rolled it to make it look like sushi. Halibut was dried out. Roasted pork was dried. The dim sum selection was not authentic. It was premade frozen bought. They left it on the steam table too long. It was all mush. For the price I paid, I would think the buffet would be bigger and have a nicer ambience. It was just dull and bland, just like the food. Service was good. Our waitress was attentive. She cleared the table real quick everytime she came by. Dessert selection was good. Gelato was yummy
2	Unbelievable variety of seafood. The one major problem is that almost all of it suffers from steam table overcooking. And I didn't think the quality was all that great. Oysters? Slimy..mushy and tasteless. Cooked shrimp? Small and shell on. At $45, I would expect a little bigger and peeled. Lobster? I really think they are langostinos. They are split and the meat is about the size of your thumb. Aside from that, they were mealy and overcooked. I only had the initial 2 and didn't go back. Fried shrimp/oysters/calimari/scallops. Sounds good, but all over breaded and over fried. Fried oysters should not be crunchy. All of the fish dishes suffered the same overcookedness. Love crawdads. Theirs were small about the size of a pencil eraser.I was excited to see steamed clams. My favorite. Problem is that the steam trays are two rows deep, and there are heat lamps under the guards, so every time you try and reach something in the back row, it's blazing hot and hard to reach. I almost had to stick my head in and under the guard to get to them and only got a few. Too hot. They were absolutely tasteless. I didn't think that was possible. It was like eating little bits of erasers.Looking back, I honestly can't think of a single item that was good. It was very busy, so I cant blame it on a slow night. Disappointed. Will not try again.
2	We stopped in here for a friend's birthday.The place happened to be empty when we got there and we were seated right away.Service was slow and the drink order was wrong. The server blamed us for giving the wrong order. This is always a bad sign.As for the food, I tried the following items: - Grilled Tuna: It was very dry and the sauce wasn't so fresh.  - Trout: It has hard to separate the meat from the skin and it was also dry. I suspect this was left over or made many, many hours earlier.- Blacked Tilapia: This was one of the better items. It was spicy and cooked properly, if a little too dry for my taste.- Crab Legs: Mostly low quality, hard to separate, flavorless- Stuffed Clams - These were crusted over, as if they had been made a few days ago and then oven-heated. A bit dried out.- Coca-Cola BBQ Ribs - I had to say, this was the best thing I tried at the seafood buffet. Slightly sweet, and very tender.There isn't much as far as the seafood here that  I'd recommend. Overall, everything was very dry. However, the dessert options were a bright spot. The Green Tea Cheesecake was delightful and the Carrot Cakes were phenomenal. The Gelato assortment was also impressive.Overall, there are much better options for seafood in Las Vegas. Certainly at the prices they charge here you can get much better.
3	This is my second favorite buffet at the Rio.  In fact, if it wasn't for the variety of seafood options that are not available at most buffets, including lobster, I would not eat here at all.  Reasons?  1) it is very expensive and there is always a really long wait.  2) you don't receive a locals 1/2 price like you do at Carnival World.  3) The food is often just mediocre.  I love lobster but the last time I ate here it was overcooked.  The time before that it was cold.  The vultures eating there are pigs and often spill the drawn butter or make a mess of the lobster area.  Also, often times you have to wait for more to come out.I will say that other than the lobster, the rest of the seafood usually tastes great but the bottom line is, if I am going to pay that much for buffet food, it better be darn good. Otherwise, I could just go to Joe's seafood or something similar and get my lobster prepared much better.
2	The boyfriend and I are big seafood lovers. We'd heard some pretty good things about the place from friends and family so decided to try it for our first meal in Vegas. For $50 a person we expected better. Maybe we were disappointed because we got our hopes up or because it was a weekday? But then again, we were there on New Years so the food should've been at it's best. They had a lot of selections which included things like king crab, oysters, and lobster. Too bad the quality of the food wasn't good. The oysters weren't all that fresh and the king crab was just like any other king crab at any other buffet. The lobster was small tails mixed in with some shrimp and they were very bland and overcooked. Actually, most of the food was overcooked.Our first buffet in Vegas and we were disappointed. All and all it was ok, not great. Definitely not worth the $50. For the quality of food we had that night it's probably worth around $30 a person. If it was cheaper, then it'd be worth a go and probably warrant another star. But my suggestion is pay less and go to the Buffet at the Bellagio for better food. It's not all seafood but they have a decent amount of good quality seafood (fresh tuna, Chilean sea bass, king crab, etc.) I don't know about others, but for me, it's about quality, not quantity. But if you're a quantity over quality person, then I guess you won't have a problem with Village Buffet.
1	went to this place last week and was really disappointed! i should have listened to the previous reviews. the oysters were not fresh, the so called  "lobster tails" was a major disappointment, a shrimp would have more meat in them. but what puzzled me was that it is a seafood buffet but nothing special about their seafoods, the other buffet in rio offers most of the dishes for a cheaper price. will not return here anymore.
3	I ate at the Village Seafood Buffet in Nov. of 2012.  I had craved the idea of eating unlimited lobster.  I had read reviews, both declaring it was good, and not worth the price. I got there early and was at the head of the line that quickly formed.  After the cashier took several minutes processing me through (how simple is it to take the money and get a receipt?) I made a Bee Line to the Lobster.  They were off to the side and not readily visible and I had to ask one of the food prep persons where they were.  I knew they were going to be small, but no one said they were going to be chewy.  The lobsters were easy to "peel" out of the shell and I was disappointed that the lobster wasn't as tasty as the lobster I was used to, but I ate my fill then concentrated on tasting a variety of other dishes and desert.  Several people asked me where I found the butter, where certain foods were, and commented how everything was not laid out to the benefit of being easily found.  (Why not have butter by the lobster, etc. ?)  I left full, but disappointed that this buffet was overpriced, food was poorly presented and the food could have been cooked properly as some was overcooked, cold, and hard to locate.  I think everyone should experience an all you can eat seafood buffet, but I also think it could be a much better buffet if the management listened to it's customers.  Also, the waitress did a good job of keeping my drink full and dirty dishes removed.  No matter how much you eat at this buffet, I think customers will have the same reaction....this buffet could be much better for what you pay.  But you have to eat there if it's just once in your life.  Tip accordingly.
4	If you like shell fish - crab legs (hot or cold), lobster (bites), shrimp, mussels, and more, this is your place.  But have patience! I was almost run over from other patrons knocking me out of the way to get to the crab legs and lobster! Egad! There's plenty more! Security please!!!Once I made it to my table with my food, it was enjoyable. The food was tasty.
1	I'm sad to say this... I have had great memories here over the years. However, I just don't know if I will be going back. The quality has gone down quite a bit. The great elements of the buffet are just NOT there anymore. It's like a glorified hometown buffet now.
3	I can honestly say I'm giving it 3.5 stars, but I decided to round down.The buffet is divided up into regions (ie. Pacific, Mediterranean, etc). Of course, I decided to be smart about my limited stomach real estate and eat ONLY things that are pricier and harder to find. None of the food was THAT memorable. I just loaded up on lobster tails because I needed to get my money's worth. The quality of the food isn't the best, obviously, but with melted butter, you can make up for some of the deficiencies in quality lol. The sashimi wasn't bad either... but then again I didn't expect good sashimi at a buffet... in Las Vegas (landlocked!) lol The crab legs were pretty good too! They were more flavorful than most of the crab legs I've had at buffets before.The paella sucked, which sucks, because of course, I love paella. But then again, how can I expect good paella when they probably don't use good saffron (to save money!) lolI liked the shrimp and grits, but of course, I didn't wanna fill up on carbs. They were buttery and delicious.The raw oysters weren't that fresh... but like I said... landlocked... lolI had other seafood and fish along the way, but as I said before, they weren't memorable.All in all, I think there was so much potential for the place to be better on which they failed to capitalize.
4	In anticipation to my first trip to Vegas, I looked up best seafood buffets in Vegas on the internet, and in addition to Bellagio, this one one came up as well.  During my trip I didn't get to go to the Bellagio, but I did get to come here.As a seafood lover, this restaurant was absolute heaven for me.  All you can eat seafood for $50 is probably the best deal ever and even though I got full quicker than I would have liked, I still think I got my money's worth.  I tried many different types of food, but the ones I remember most was the seafood.  I had lobster, clams, oysters, and crab legs.  While some of the seafood found at this restaurant can be found at other Vegas hotels, this was the only place that I visited that had such a wide selection of seafood and the only place that I visited that had lobster.  There were other types of food as well, but that was not the reason I came here.  The lobsters were kind of small, but this being all you can eat, you can go back for 2nds if you desire.I enjoyed most of the seafood, but some crab legs they had weren't very good.  I think it was Japanese crab legs and they looked a little different from what I am used to, so instead of loading up my plate with them, I got one small cluster to avoid wasting too much food in case I didn't like it; which I didn't.  The waitstaff was excellent, always kept our drinks full and was always around taking empty shells and finished plates from your table as well as providing more paper towels whenever needed.My only complaint was not with the restaurant itself, but with greedy customers.  While I was waiting patiently in line to get a few clams, the person in front of me, one by one, piled literally half of the whole pan of clams that were just brought out onto his plate to the point they were falling off.  This was completely unnecessary, greedy and rude, as nothing was stopping him from coming back to get some more later on if he wanted.  I wanted to say something but I went to Vegas to have a good time not get into a confrontation with someone who was so self centered to think that he was the only person in the restaurant who liked clams.  Even though it wasn't the restaurant's fault, I wish there was an employee around that could have told him to move on as other people were waiting on clams as well.  There was also the issue of so many patrons here wasting food; piling up their plates and not even eating a third of the stuff they got, but having no problem going back and piling their plates with more food that they won't eat either.  This is a pet peeve of mine at any buffet, so it is not a knock on this restaurant at all but instead an observation that buffets do tend to bring out the worst in people especially when it comes to greed.  This type of wastefulness is not only disrespectful, it ultimately ends up raising the prices for everyone.  There are some buffets in other cities that will kick you out if you waste too much food, maybe this restaurant should consider doing the same.Surprisingly there weren't many kids here when I came here and even the kids who were here were well behaved and didn't run around the place, cut in line or pile up their plates with food they never planned to eat.  In fact, they were better behaved than some of the adult customers here which was a surprise.Overall I really enjoyed eating here.  Even though I think I got my money's worth, there were some foods I missed out on because I was simply too full. I also wish I would have gotten one of the margarita's in that huge glass. However, I plan on coming back here during my next trip to Vegas and trying the things I didn't get to try last time.  Fifty plus dollars per person is very steep compared to other buffets in Vegas, so come hungry so you can get your money's worth; and if you love seafood you should have no problem in doing so.  Keep in mind however, that while there are many foods here that are not seafood, if you aren't a seafood lover than it may not be worth it to come here as many of the other foods at this place can be found at other buffets that charge way less than here.
3	The downside for me were that the plates are smaller than other buffets. My family and I were seated at a table far from the food and it got annoying having to walk back and forth because the food didn't fit my plate. Hahaha. But the food was mediocre. Wasnt worth the money to go for a next time. I thought there would be a wider selection on sushi for that price as well. But the service was really great! The lady who served our table kept our cups full and emptied our trash basket frequently:)
2	I've been around buffets for a very long time but not enough for seafood. But I can certainly tell you that I can differentiate the qualities of Seafood and the Rio Buffet has seen it self decline significantly.I've tried it a couple of years back and it was delicious to say the least. However, as time went by, the overall quality of the food went completely down the drain. The meat in the crab legs taste way too soft now. Shrimps have lost their taste. Sushi tastes like the same thing that you can get at Vons. All for $40. (Fortunately, I had a couple of comps through the Rewards Program). Not worth the money at all.If you want quality seafood, go to the M Buffet, same price but much better. If not, Bacchanal Buffet. Dont waste your time and money here.
4	Pretty good for a buffet!Hubs and I got the all day city pass buffet deal.  So for $50 a person we could eat all day at the buffets in 6 of the casinos in LV.  The exceptions we a $20 upgrade at the buffet at Caesars and $10 upgrade for the seafood buffet at the Rio.  Totally worth it as we had breakfast at Paris, a mid-day snack at Paris (our hotel), and then dinner at the Village Seafood Buffet.  Hubby also added the all you can drink wine for $12.  Yeah, don't do it!!!  It's $6 a bottle el cheapo wine (or Busweiser or something if you go for the beer option) that will give you a hangover.  The food was really tasty for buffet.  And it was warm.  And the desserts were good.  And our server was so, so nice.  I have a feeling that no one in my group remembered to tip her and I feel really, really bad about it :(
1	I really don't get the buffet culture in the US/Las Vegas. The only thing that brought us here was family who wanted to try this place. First off, the fee per person is $50 which is quite hefty considering we can eat at a notable restaurant for only a slightly higher fee and premium quality food. What you are really paying for here is not quality but waste - the amount of food taken but not eaten by patrons is absolutely disgusting. When I saw some sushi I thought I might actually get part of my moneys worth, but it was frozen, not fresh and had to be spit out after a few bits. The only saving grace was the lobster/jumbo shrimp which were pretty good, but again, pretty hard to scarf down $50 worth and not really that enjoyable. Avoid this place at all costs - the only buffet I recommend in Las Vegas is the Wicked Spoon for breakfast, but once again, you can always get more value for what you eat but not eating at a Buffet.
2	This is so not worth the hefty price! We went on Sat evening and it was $45 each, plus tax and tip. We love lobster, so that's why we went. They only had one lobster dish. It was a tray of tiny lobster tails and huge shrimp mixed together. The shrimp and the lobster were over cooked. It's "budget lobster" at a steep price. The dining room is severely boring and outdated. The staff is very friendly!!
3	This place has been on the decline since I first visited about 10 years ago. I've been back about 6 times. The first trip out they had every type of seafood you could think of. I visit Vegas pretty consistently the same time of year each year so it can't be a question of something being out of season. The variety has gone down especially since they had the place renovated.
5	I don't know what everyone else was talking about. I still went, despite the 50% negative reviews, and I was impressed. It is clean, big, plentiful, and I had four plates of just lobster tails! So I probably ate more than enough to cover the $40 charge. If you love seafood you should definitely go, it's tricky getting to the rio from the strip, but we managed hopping two free shuttles. We came from trump, shuttled to ceasers, shuttled to palms, then walked about 1/4 mile to rio. Also, go when it opens because the line gets long!!!!!
2	I was told this is the best Seafood buffet in vegas. When we went there for dinner, the line was packed like normal out the door. It is pretty expensive for 2 people. Worst part is there is only 1 line to wrap around the entire food section... So you can't really jump into where you really want to grab food because people get really pissed.  Waiters and waitresses are nice. However they didn't fill my drink in a timely manner... I was eating something salty and had to wait for more water. Some of the crab was really dry and not very appetizing. I've had better seafood in San Jose, CA.Save yourself a trip and find another buffet.
1	The food makes me sick and uncomfortable after I return the room. I thought some of the food is not clean.
3	My frugal meter died here!  I was with a group of people, and they told me to live a little.  Why the heck did I listen to them?  I was living quite well with my money in my frugal pockets!  Why, oh why did I stay and eat here?  I don't care if I did ride with them here!  I don't care if they are the only buffet with lobster, not worth the price.This pricey eating trough has a variety of eating genres for dinner.  There is an Asian section with sushi and other traditional dishes.  There is a Baja section with fajita this, tortilla that, nacho chips here, and nacho cheese there, to name a few items.  There is a Mediterranean section that has a variety of items, including hummus.  Of course you have to have your carving section with the turkey, ham and high end beef, cut by a chef to your liking.  There are truly many options to this buffet, but the price makes me ill just thinking about it!  Too much for even unlimited.  I realized too late that I was crazy.  For a few dollars more, I should have opted for the 24 hour, 6 buffet option.  This buffet is included in the list.  Had I purchased that, I could have eaten at this buffet at night, rested, ate at another buffet in the morning, did some afternoon activities, then ate at another buffet that afternoon, then rounded off my night with another buffet for hour number 23!  Run-on sentence, yes, but very logical still, frugal glee yes!  You live and you learn.  The food on the buffet is decent enough to do the meal deal.  I don't understand gelato, but there is multiple flavors of that, along with many types of desserts to round off your meal.
5	The Rio Seafood Buffet never fails! I remember coming here years ago and was quickly reminded to go back when I was there for my birthday weekend.As expected, the line to get in was pretty long but definitely worth the wait. All of the food was amazing, crab legs, lobster, raw oysters, crawfish, and great prime rib. Our "server" was amazing, he suggested that we take advantage of the $12 all you can drink option, which we took advantage of, we had three glasses of wine at dinner and he even gave us one for the road!
3	2.5 stars. Food was ok. Expected quality for the price we paid. The crab legs hardly had meat in it. The desert was good!
5	SEAFOOD LOVERS: THIS IS SANCTUARY!!! If I may say all the negative reviews to this place are from people who are NOT seafood lovers or like it but NOT that much! BUT if your favorite food is Seafood like me, then this place is your sanctuary!! The Rio Seafood Buffet never fails like another user said! I remember coming here years ago and was quickly reminded to go back! The line to get in is always pretty long but definitely worth the wait, the cover is like $40-$50 but I think I ate more than the cover charge hahaThere is plenty of all you can eat lobster here!! The food is separated by continents and each continent section had specialty food from each part of the world, like Mexican, Italian, Chinese, sushi, Mediterranean, etc. huge salad bar and fruit section!! Plus desserts and gelato section that is AMAZINGLY GOOD!!  Food is fresh!!!The staff was excellent, always kept our drinks full and was always around taking empty shells and finished plates from your table as well as providing more paper towels whenever needed.If you are not a seafood fan I DO NOT recommend it, you will end up giving bad reviews like most people here saying it was a waste of money because all you ate was rice, bread, salad and desserts.
4	Good food.I went to Vegas for spring break. While my friends slept in I walked over to the Rio to try their buffet. I had a little bit of breakfast and lunch. I sampled the scrambled eggs with bacon and maple syrup. The fruit bar was great. I had a little bit seafood and fries. The sushi was pretty good. There was so much to choose from!The price was pretty good as far as nice Vegas buffets go. There were couples, families, and singles (like myself) eating there.I will definitely go back.
5	True seafood eaters will absolutely LOVE this place. The BEST crab legs, cold and steamed. You really get full off of pure seafood, though their prime rib was really liked by the bf, surprisingly. I was skeptical about the steamed crab legs at first, but it actually was really good, and the cold ones were just out of this world good. Oysters were good too. And they had lobster tails! Though not Maine lobsters and smaller, and they were a little bland, nothing a little lemon and butter couldn't make awesome. The clams were pretty good too, shrimps too. They had some fried stuff like hush puppies, catfish, and mashed potato which were all alright. But to their desserts, their tiramisu gelato was greatttttt and their creme brulee was AMAZING, have to get that for sure.
4	It's $39.99 + tax and I heard/read so much about this place that I took a free shuttle to get here just for this buffet.  I don't think it's worth coming all the way out of the strip for, but it was a decent buffet. Party bigger than 5 will be forced to pay a 15% tip.They will offer you wine for ~$12ish Big prawns, crab, oysters, both raw and prepared.There is a picture of a rainbow roll in their ad, but they don't have any fancy sushi there.  Just plain sashimi and a few cheap rolls.  Come on!  There are buffets in Reno/Tahoe that make all the Rainbow rolls, Spider Rolls, etc. and you can eat all you want for $25...The waiter came by to ask how things are at first, but disappeared after.  Water was not filled and my garbage bowl was full.  At the same time, I was full too.
5	I'm don't usually eat seafood but when I do, I gotta eat at this place. The lines can be long but I've learned that its important to get there a bit before 3pm or face a wait. And even then it's not really as bad as people say. The line most pretty briskly.    Also the variety of seafood is endless.  Of you tried to mix it up elsewhere you'd easily pay eighty or more.
2	I mean...Buffets are weird to begin with, but that's not to say I've never enjoyed one before. My date so graciously treated me, and I do still a little bad for not loving the food. It might be me but the selection of food wasn't exactly stellar. But I suppose if you're like my boyfriend and aim to have plates and plates of shells, peels, skin, and whatnot sitting by you while you eat, then sure, come here. I ate lots of mac n' cheese.Although I'm not sure I'd recommend this buffet, I'm not going to dissuade anyone, I guess--I mean, unless you're like me. Ha, sorry for this useless review.
4	The good:  The little Lobster tails were tasty and plentiful.  Very good large shrimp.  Perfectly seasoned and cooked Prime Rib.  I've had prime rib at several Vegas buffets and this was by far the absolute best, melt in your mouth, slap your Momma, Grandmomma, good!  Outstanding mashed potatoes and Lobster Mac and cheese.  The Ranch dressing at the salad bar was probably the best Ranch ever.  Oh, and lest I forget the delish Salmon, mmmm mmmmm good!  The Asian food selection was great with some really good Chow Mein, and yummy Spicy Beef and Broccoli.  The Ambiance was fun and the music playing was good.  The dessert bar had a decent selection of treats.  My favorite was the Creme Brulee and the Tiramisu.   WAIT, I almost forgot the Gelato!!!  We had Cookies n Cream, Mango, and Blueberry Cheesecake, all were outstanding!  Just when I think I'm done, I keep thinking of other things, the Watermelon (yes, Watermelon) was sweet, juicy, and perfectly ripe.  The bad:   The waitress took 10 minutes before she finally took our drink order.    The Fettuccine Alfredo sauce was tasty, but was ruined by way overcooked mushy Macaroni.  I was looking forward to the Sushi but the selection was small and underwhelming.The ugly: The King Crab legs and were tiny and way too salty, skip the crap, I mean crab.  Overall, I would def repeat this meal, and will repeat as I am now a local and get 25% off!  WHAT!
4	If you love seafood, this is the place for you. I loved the crab legs, oysters and the shrimp. The shrimp poppers were really yummy and cooked just right. There are other options other than seafood ranging from asian cuisine to mexican. Now, don't expect too much when it comes to other types of cuisine. Their focus is on seafood.There are lobsters and crawfish but I didn't really like them. They were over cooked so they were quite rubbery.
2	I was expecting a great time, but Rio really let me down.  The seafood was OK, just OK.  But it's expensive!  The wait staff was nice, at least.  Crab legs were super small, and there really wasn't anything that stood out.  The large prawns and mini lobsters were the best things from the spread.  Really regret coming here instead of one of the other popular Vegas buffets.
4	If your gonna spend $50 plus on a buffet you might as well go balls deep and lose all your morals!I keep telling myself I'm a vegetarian but then my family tauntingly loves to invite me out to these forbidden feasts that I cannot resist. Granted I haven't had seafood for awhile so I thought everything was pretty darn tasty considering the mass amount of food being produced. Really enjoyed the cheesy crab dip and absolutely enjoyed the raw crawfish (My niece and nephew were delighted to play with these full bodied morsels they as did I found the craw to be adorable). Wasn't too crowded and the gelato bar had some exciting flavors. ONLY bad part is it isn't self serve. You have to wait for someone behind the counter to scoop it for you. Which caused major delays and me unapologetically cutting in front of some children who wanted to sample every flavor......But yes lovely place in Sin City to live like a glutton and throw all your honor away!
2	I heard all the hipe about the sea food buffet at the Rio. So I went over. Waited an hour on line and was placed so close to the next table I felt I was eating with them. Its full of filler food and not much seafood. How many times can you go up to get lobster or crab legs. If your not fast you do not get the crab legs. I found it to high priced for me.  I also don't like the feeling of the last supper with people running up to just grab 2 or 3 lobsters or crab legs. There are better place to wait for.......
3	This buffet was pretty good but kind of expensive for Vegas. Lot of choices to choose from but that makes it difficult to choose if you're not a big eater. Good place to watch people also.  If you gamble a lot, this may be a good comp from the casino.  Not a bad place to go.
5	Best seafood buffet in Vegas.
5	The Rio Seafood Buffet is always my favorite meal in Las Vegas! The wait staff does a wonderful job as well. If you love seafood this place is for you.
1	For the price, I think there should be better care taken of the food. I got horrible food poisoning after eating there. Never again will I eat here. I am convinced seafood restaurants not buffets are the places to eat seafood.
2	Overrated! ProsIt has seafoodConsTiny lobsterLots of fried and mediocre optionsThe infamous seafood buffet that I had heard so much about. All you can lobster, you can't go wrong, right? Well, take your fantasy of all you can eat lobster, shrink the lobster down to jumbo shrimp size and smother it with nondescript sauce, throw in a bunch of other subpar options, and you have the Rio Seafood Buffet.It took me 5 minutes to find the lobster because nothing is labeled, so you don't really know what you're eating. I did a double take as someone showed me the lobster. It was fine, despite its size. I was just hoping for nicely cooked lobster that I could dip in butter. Silly me. The other dishes were okay, but nothing that sticks to my memory. I had two plates, then I was done. $48 down the drain in 20 minutes. Boo.
3	food was all overcooked and flavorless,  Not the same buffet I remember years ago.Don't think I will go back unless something changes.
1	Great service, the wait staff was super nice, but over priced and food was no good. Would prefer McDonald s.
5	All you can eat seafood! the selection is amazing. I filled my plate with Tuna and Salmon Sashimi, I would have paid over $80 for it at any Sushi restaurant. My next course was a plate of crab legs, delicious! By the time I was done with the crab legs and sashimi I was full... oops. They had all you can drink wine/beer for $11.99 so I decided to wash it down with some good white wine. After a few glasses of wine my appetite came roaring back. More seafood.. more wine... more wine ... more wine ... Next thing I remember I was in a cab heading back to the strip... and what happened in Village Seafood Buffet managed to stay in my belly.
3	Not worth the extra money you need to pay to get in here.  The seafood was mediocre at best. The lobster tails did not have much flavor.  The prime rib was alright.
5	This place is my Dad's favorite buffet in Vegas and I have to agree!  For the price you pay, you get a ton of good food!  The food isn't as fancy as the Wynn or the Bellagio, but it's still really good.  The line can get crazy here so plan to arrive early!  We were here around 5:30 on Saturday and we waited about 10 minutes. The service was really friendly.  I think our waitress' name is Ling.  She was super friendly and helpful.  There is a bar here included in the buffet price.   Take note that they may card you again if they feel you look to young.  They card you when you pay too at the cashiers too.  Overall, I really loved this place.  I know I'll be back again!
5	I love the crawfish, crab, shrimp...what more can you ask for
1	Do you want to puke out of your mouth and ass at almost the same time?  Then definitely pay the exorbitant price to eat at best mediocre food at the Rio Casino Seafood Buffet!Perhaps I was asking for it because I went around 8:45 - the person at the front assured me that they will continue to bring out food until 9:30.  They did continue to bring out food, but the less popular dishes just sat there, and sat there.I don't understand why people come here.All you can eat lobster?  NOT FOUND.  I think I may have found it, but thought it was crawfish.All you can eat oysters?  NOT FRESH!  Avoid not fresh oyster at all costs.  They say oysters are an afrodisiac but there's nothing sexy in watching someone puke.All you can eat king crab legs?  NOT FOUND.  Seriously, where was this?  I only found snow crab legs.  No king crab found.All you can eat seafood?  Yes, but again not fresh.  I found the seafood was more fresh at the Bachannal buffet at Caesars, although the variety was not as good as here.  But why pay more to eat such crap food?  If you're here strictly for quantity or you're someone who likes to puke after eating a ton of food, I can kind of understand..Even if I didn't get sick, I would not suggest coming here.  Spend the extra to go to Bachannal at Caesars - it's so much better and has enough seafood options to keep you satisfied.  If you did the Buffet of Buffets promotion, it's definitely not worth the extra fee to eat here.So after I became ill, someone suggest that I contact customer service.  I sent them an email telling them that I got food poisoning from their buffet and they replied asking me to call some risk management team and they will open up an investigation.  I would have preferred if they just refunded the extra money I paid as part of their Buffet of Buffets deal.  But calling their number and speaking with them for a mere $10 is not worth the effort.  So Rio, you win.  Take my $10.  I hope my puke and crap somehow clog up your sewage pipes.
5	Will go back to get seafood!
4	Pretty dang good. I'm still recovering from the effects of eating so much seafood. Actually enjoyed the farmed crab legs. Steared clear of the oysters - too much open air exposure, even on ice, makes them dry and fishy. Enjoyed the different shellfish pastas, and what I'm guessing was a paella. Stear clear of most of the sushi. It's buffet quality and just kind of 'off'. Would I go back again? YES. Overall, it was a really good experience, and there is so much more I want to sample.
2	Like Star Wars...." IT'S A TRRAAARRRRRRRPPPPPPPPP!!!!!!!!!"Yeah, so the $40 pricetag on this dinner buffet isn't really worth it to me.  I found maybe 33% of the crab legs to be old and dry... and almost inedible.The lobster tails and giant prawns have a 75% probability of being overcooked.As a math teacher, those numbers just don't work for me!  Everything else was so-so.  I did like the Elvis Gelato.  If you're doing B.o.Bs like I did, its just not worth it if you can just as easily go for Spice Market- their crab legs are steamed and cut in half.  The lobster here can be good, on occasion, but most of the times it tastes like rubber.
4	I thought the Rio Seafood buffet was really good, although it was too expensive. I was on vacation so I didn't mind spending over $100 but if I wasn't on vacation and this was just a date night with my boyfriend and I, I would have thought twice about spending so much money. Was it worth $100 per person? Maybe.
2	I heard about this place for years and finally got chance to try, well, very disappointed. The snow crab legs are over-cooked and tasteless. The lobster tail is the smallest one I ever seen. Shrimp, mussel, sushi and sashimi are just average. No stone crab. Oyster tastes really bad. The desert is boring, fruit is not fresh. Not worth the price, totally overrated!Bacchanal and Wicked Spoon are much better choice. Don't waste your time and money here.
4	Is it true any day any time seafood buffet??? Yes, we knew we wanted to eat at least 1 buffet while we were in Vegas. They have all kinds of seafood from oysters, snow crab legs, shrimp, mussels, sushi and even some entrees from Mexican to Asian cuisine. They also offer a few varieties of unlimited beer and wine to go with your dinner, it does cost extra($17). I suggest you get a rewards cards you get a discount for the buffet..
2	The good:  The little Lobster tails were tasty and plentiful.  Very good large shrimp.  Perfectly seasoned and cooked Prime Rib.  I've had prime rib at several Vegas buffets and this was by far the absolute best, melt in your mouth, slap your Momma, Grand momma, good!  Outstanding mashed potatoes and Lobster Mac and cheese.  The Ranch dressing at the salad bar was probably the best Ranch ever.  Oh, and lest I forget the delish Salmon, mmmm mmmmm good!  The Asian food selection was great with some really good Chow Mein, and yummy Spicy Beef and Broccoli.  The Ambiance was fun and the music playing was good. The dessert bar had a decent selection of treats.  My favorite was the Creme Brulee and the Tiramisu.   WAIT, I almost forgot the Gelato!!!  We had Cookies n Cream, Mango, and Blueberry Cheesecake, all were outstanding!  Just when I think I'm done, I keep thinking of other things, the Watermelon (yes, Watermelon) was sweet, juicy, and perfectly ripe.  The bad:   The waitress took 10 minutes before she finally took our drink order.    The Fettuccine Alfredo sauce was tasty, but was ruined by way overcooked mushy Macaroni.  I was looking forward to the Sushi but the selection was small and underwhelming.The ugly: The King Crab legs and were tiny and way too salty, skip the King crap, I mean crab.  Some of the Lobster/Shrimp tasted strongly of histamine.  Not good :(Overall, I would def repeat this meal, and will repeat as I am now a local and get 25% off!  WHAT!
3	Yeah so been wanting to come here forever. Not really that great all things said and done. The "lobster tails" are a bit deceiving. It's really just cut up portions floating around in sauce. I can say I checked it off my list, and next!
3	Used to be the best seafood buffet in Vegas.  Years ago, you pay $29.99 for all u can eat lobsters.  Well, those days are over, and so is the 5 stars rating.  I gave a 3 stars for the best dessert buffet in the desert.
3	The food was good, not great. Service was mediocre. I felt, for the $50 price tag, I would have had a better experience. I was told this was the best buffet for the money. I disagree. I would rather spend $15 at New Orleans for food and selection that was almost as good.
2	Don't waste your money! My wife and I have always eaten there when visiting Vegas, but the price has gone way up and the food quality and selection way down. We arrived at 8pm on a Saturday night ... no line at all to get in, and the seating was only half full. That told us something right away. We went to Caesars Bacchanal buffet two nights later and it was absolutely unbelievable. I could spend a whole week just trying all the selections available, and the food quality is top notch. The price was only $2.00/ea more than the Village Seafood Buffet, and there is no comparison. Go to Bacchanal, wait 20 - 30 minutes in line, then enter heaven. We won't be back to the Village Seafood Buffet --- ever!
2	Just ate the seafood buffet tonight. It's not worth the price. The STEAMED crab legs were ok. The crab legs roasted in a sweet chile sauce was better. The cold crab legs near the cold seafood was a little salty. The lobster tails were small and slightly rubbery. But everything tastes better drowned in garlic butter.The best part of this whole buffet was the desserts. The green tea cheesecake was nice and light. The creme brulee was just enough sweet and creamy to end a dinner. The bread pudding or whatever that was with the vanilla spice sauce was excellent.  The red velvet cupcakes were dry and tasted horrible.Go somewhere else for the buffet. This one is very over rated.For those with kids, it's not a very kid friendly place. The seating is a little tight. So, if you have anything larger than an umbrella stroller, it can be a hassle.One star for the amount of food and options. One more star for the excellent service we received. But the rest, did not stand up to the hype we got about this place.
2	This buffet used to be sooooo good. Now I would almost prefer any buffet over it. Yeah it has tiny slipper lobsters that other places don't but they are cooked improperly and half of them taste bad. Everything else is normal buffet food. Didnt try the sushi, didnt want food poisoning!
5	Wonderful dinner at the Seafood Buffet!! Jeanie was the sweetest server ever. So attentive for a buffet experience and just so pleasant to interact with!! Loved the food, but Jeanie made it that much better! Coming from a 12 year veteran of the biz :) :)
1	Don't do it! After a day of traveling I was finally excited to eat some real food. What a regret! Dinning here on my first night in Vegas was a GIANT mistake.  I became sick and weak after eating here, resulting in me staying in my first night on vacation.  I paid around $50.00 here just to get myself sick. Never again!
1	Maybe good at one time. Went there during the SEMA show. Paid $47 and went to see the food. The shrimp were small and you had to take the shell off. The snow crab was small. Not worth it. I went to the buffet at the B casino and was very happy for $32. What a rip at the Rio.
3	I didn't realize it's $40 per person, so I got a bit of sticker shock. I still can't decide if it was worth it or not. They had delicious crab legs, oysters, lobster mac n cheese, mini lobster tails, sushi, lobster bisque, Mexican dishes, etc. The dessert was pretty limited, that was kind of disappointing. The only thing I enjoyed was the tiramisu. The major thing that ruined it for us (hence the 3 stars) was the terrible layout. This was SO poorly designed. Buffet etiquette dictates that if you want something, you walk up to the item and take it. You don't stand behind 30 people who are all waiting for something waaaaay down the line because every station is connected.The raw bar slowed everything down to a crawl. Firstly, learn how to serve yourselves quickly, people. It was unreal how many people would pick and choose each little morsel of food or stand around gawking at everything...it's a buffet for god's sake, slap it on the f*cking plate and move on jerk. I waited for almost 20 minutes just to get a few pieces of sushi at the end and again for 10 minutes just to reach the lobster mac n cheese, which was halfway to the raw bar.
5	Fresh seafood but lobster is tiny. I guess I was expecting more but price is reasonable so it wasn't so so bad.
5	I'll stop here every time I'm in Vegas for good grubbin. Nice variety of yummy foods. Be sure to go on an empty stomach and wear stretchy pants!
4	Everything was fresh!!!!!! I had the prime rib and it was good.  Loved the hot crab legs,raw oysters, sushi, peel and eat shrimp, lobster bisque, lobster mac n cheese.  Got there at 6pm so line was fine.  Ate so much crab im actually tired of it. Husband loved it too.
5	If you love seafood and want to eat it to your hearts content... THIS is the place to go!! Dinner only here, from 330-930pm and it's $40 with your players card and $45 without one. TOTALLY worth it!! Other buffets will usually ONLY have crab legs, and cold ones in fact. Here, you can get cold, warm, and seasoned crab legs! Also, what other buffet will have lobster tails at an all you can eat?!? I seriously had a whole plateful!! They also have the biggest shrimp I have ever seen at a buffet!! They have all different types of seafood... hot, cold, and in different flavors: american, asian, etc. I tried them all, except the cold. I'll admit, the crab legs were a bit dry... but I loaded up on lobster tail, which I'm sure was more then $40 worth. I did this place as a last stop on my buffet of buffets gluttony quest... for a $10 add-on, I think this place is way MORE worth it as an add-on compared to the Caesar's buffet add-on cost! This place totally hit the seafood craving that I was having! I can't believe I have not eaten here in such a long time!! I will definitely be back here!! Service was awesome!! Our waiter was friendly, quick, and cleared our plates/refilled our drinks BEFORE even ever asking!! He was very attentive and our table was always clean... even if we only had one plate!I will be back to conquer this seafood feast again next time!!
2	50 dollars for not well cooled food? So plain and weak it's like how Americans like it. Embarrassing, but the waitress was so nice on point that's why they get 2!
2	Yes, theres seafood, but its not all that.LOBSTER- these are actually lobstertails mixed with prawns and some kind of crustaceany stuff. so disappointingEverything else- forgettable.I'll buy me some lobster at Costco and stick to Bacchanal, Wicked Spoon, or Wynn.BOOOOO!!!
1	Lots of stuff,  copious consumption by folks who are here to devour the almost $50.00s worth of chow. We were here 2 years ago and it has gone down hill as the popularity increased. I will say that I loved the creme brulee though.  Rich man's over priced Golden Corral. I can't recommend it to you as there are better and cheaper Buffets all around the area.  Sorry Rio.Well it's now 2 hours later and all three of us have been steady customers of the toilet with the trots. Smells like crabby patties ala Sponge Bob Square Pants employer's.
1	What a let down. I have heard about this place for years so I finally had the time to try it out and in simple words, everything was a disappointment. Nothing was fresh, the crab legs were dry/aged/rubbery. The service was good, and I don't want to discredit their work and service but the food was garbage. Now I am full, but still feeling hungry because none of my taste buds were satisfied.
3	Large quantity of seafood, but overall I find it disappointing. Decent raw oyster, very forgettable sashimi, ok quantity snow crab leg, bad king crab legs, forgettable fish dishes, ok shelf fishes. Not worth the $40 I paid. For about the same cost, Wynn, Bellagio, or Caesar's buffet provides better food and better value.
4	A great buffet that offers a nice variety. Not only was the seafood very good, I was also happy with the non-seafood offerings too. The raw bar was great, and the sushi -- though not comparable to most sushi bars -- was good enough to make it worth your while. Finally, if you like Cajun, Chinese, or New England seafood, the Rio offers a wide assortment of flavors. In fact, the biggest problem is trying them all in one sitting. Advise you come hungry and take small portions if you want to sample everything.
4	I LOVE seafood so I was super excited to come here using my Buffet of Buffet passes ($10 extra). I think it was definitely worth the $10 especially if you love lobster, oysters, and crawfish. Those were the three main things I stuffed my belly with at this buffet. Yes, there is a short line for the lobster, but it goes by quick and they refill the lobster trays very quickly. I didn't bother with the crab legs since I figured every other buffet in Vegas has crab legs, but my mom had them and said they were good. Definitely come here for dinner and take your time eating. You won't be disappointed if you love seafood :)
3	The buffet is great, yet the downside is the changes over the years. There is only one station to get crab or lobster now. You can wait up to 15 min just for plate AFTER waiting to get seated. Obvious they are trying to reduce cost and make you wait a huge amount of time instead. This needs improvement. It used to be much better and they are seeing if they can get away with no one noticing. -2 stars for this.
1	My daughter and her boyfriend were very excited to go here. They paid almost $200 for 2 Buffet of Buffet 24 hour passes . They had crab sushi shrimp and oysters. Then about 2 hours later she started feeling very Sick . For the next 2 days she could barely move , vomiting , diarrhea cold sweats . Her whole vacation was ruined. We returned to the Rio seafood buffet talked to manager MIKE . Filled out the security forms  with the EMT .   Mike tells us that even though she got food poisoning from there seafood . And could not use the 24 hour pass . He could not give a refund. But He offered a free buffet if she wanted to eat there again... Really ???  Good luck eating here!!!!You go to a casino to gamble money ,not your health!
2	there was no lobster at all when we were there which was a big dissapointment.  the snow crab legs were, well, crab legs, and so i ate my money's worth in those.  no king crab legs, which was a huge shock.the oysters were good, and interestingly one of the better things they had was Peking (/Beijing) Duck, which was quite good.They did have some pretty delicious sides, particularly the cheesy and loaded mashed potatoes.had I known that the snow crab legs were pretty much the only thing I really wanted that would be there we wouldn't have come.  overall the food was good just the lack o the key things I would expect at a $50 buffet mean we won't be back next time we're in town.
2	It's our first time in Vegas, and we wanted to see pen and teller. I got will call tickets and was stressed out about not sitting together, so we rushed to the rio. Because it was there we decided to eat at carnival. There was plenty of food, but it kinda sucked. My husband is a big boy, and he only got one plate of food if that tells you anything. I thought the prime rib was good., a little salty. I got a rancid crab leg (that made my hand smell the rest of the night no matter the soap) so that turned me off the crab. Sesame ball dim sum was the best thing I tried, oh and the menudo was the bomb. I didn't pay 30 bucks a pop though for seeds and tripe, so 2 stars. Save the cash and go somewhere else.
3	I don't know, I feel like I could be a fan of Rio's Seafood Buffet but I'm not yet quite there.Almost though!The lobsters are small. They probably more resemble large crawfish. Taste isn't the most fresh in the world but they are lobsters! The tray does get refilled an adequate amount in my opinion.Standard average fare for the seafood but they are truly stacked in terms of seafood. You can get a lot of different types of seafood.Though I have to ask, did all the Vegas Buffets stop serving King Crab Legs or something? I feel like I didn't find a single one in my last venture...
3	I need a bigger stomach to make this more worthwhile. They have a great selection.
4	Among the top 5 buffets in Las Vegas Strip! Very good seafood considering the buffet. Has Hot Snow crabs. 5 stars for the dessert bar. Service OK but not exceptional.
4	If you're crazy about crab like I am, this place is great. I sat here for two hours eating crab and lobster tails and more crab. They also have great desserts and y'know... other stuff that isn't crab but who cares ;)The waitstaff is good with coming around frequently to empty your shell bowl (where you discard your seafood shells as you eat) and they refill drinks too.You'll want to spend hours here too.
4	The Village Seafood Buffet at the Rio is (as far as I know) the only all-seafood, all-the-time buffet in Vegas.  It's not cheap, at about $40, but the selection is great, and I highly recommend it.  The buffet has a wide range of seafood and non-seafood items, the highlights of which are the raw oysters, raw and steamed clams, snow (and sometimes king) crab legs, and petite lobster tails.  They have some meat options as well, usually some prime rib, sausage, chicken or turkey, etc.  The sushi and salads/desserts are great as well, and they have cuisines various parts of the world.  I highly recommend the buffet, and if you're smart you'll go early or late, as the line can be long!
3	i wanted this to be great so bad, but $45 for all you can eat less than stellar seafood just makes me sad. I was envisioning big king crab legs and meaty lobster tails and shrimp.  The shrimp part was true, the crab legs were skinny minnies, and there was a tray of cooked little lobster tails (looked more like big shrimp than anything).  And it's not even on the strip, and Vegas cabs are way more expensive than Chicago or NYC taxis. This might be a better place for lunch.
5	I absolutely love the Village Buffet! The food is always delicious and the service is amazing! They have a variety of selections to choose from even if you're not a huge seafood lover! My favorite dish are the lobster tails..they are so good. The price is not bad considering what you're getting. They have oysters, crab legs, shrimp, crawfish, and tons more!!! Definitely worth checking out!
5	Bring your wallet and appetite because it's worth every penny spent. The raw oysters, stemmed clams, prawns, and snow crab are very tasty.
4	Super fresh seafood! Crab legs, lobster, jumbo shrimp, all off the chain! Salmon and tuna sashimi melted in my mouth!  Well worth the $48.00I ate 4 plates plus dessert. Got my moneys worth!
4	I'm a huge seafood fanatic, and if you are too, this will certainly hit the spot. The first time we went, I found it to be a little bit on the expensive side at about $90 for 2 people. It's all you can eat and we definitely ate more than $50 worth of lobster tails alone. The second time we went, we found out a little secret. If you get their player's card and have a Nevada I.D. you get a $25% discount. It only cost us around $65, so if you are a local, take advantage of the discount.My wife loves crab legs and they have tons of them. They serve both hot and cold crab legs. I'm not a fan of crab legs because the shells get in my way and I don't think the work is worth the reward, but that's just me.I think their lobster tails are just a tad bland, but still good if you don't like or can't have a ton of salt in your diet. The lobster mac was great, the sushi bar is limited, but very good. I wish I could list everything they have, but unfortunately I can't. Check it out, you'll find yourself making at least 2-3 trips to the buffet line, so pace yourself.
1	Shelled out over $100 on the first night of our long awaited trip to Vegas. Thought it was pretty good, until the food poisoning hit the next day.  Had to cut our trip short, and make the long, miserable trip home to Phx. Tried to contact the restaurant, just to let them know, but got the run around, and never was able to talk to anyone associated with the restaurant. They don't care.
4	This was GOOD! The seafood was fresh, you had to fight for good pieces of lobster but the crab was plentiful!  Fresh oysters were super small but the prime rib and everything else I ate was on point.  They even had a nice gelato and plenty of cookies for a great dessert! I will be back!!
1	I had eaten here before and it was great. Although it had been very long since my last visit. I had decided to spend the 48.00$ and enjoy some seafood. I was extremely disappointed. I was one of the first few people in line, so I was one of the first to get food and my first bite set the bar for the rest of the evening at this buffet. Everything I bit into was COLD. It tasted as if they saved the food from the night, hell the week before. After a few times around the Buffet and trying to find something decent of which there was nothing. I gave up and had some dessert which was probably the only food that was good. Even the shrimp still had that nasty brown line running down it and you know what that is. I honestly felt as if I was going to be sick. I worried about it for a few hours. My advice to anyone that enjoys to eat. Drive right on by this place and go directly to Caesars. I'm not trying to give them the business and they have some issues as well but for the $$ spent it's a way better deal and the food is really fresh and warm.
3	The food is decent with a big variety of seafood dishes. But at 40$ a person I just didn't think it was worth it. I'd rather spend that much on 1 freshly cooked seafood dinner then all I can eat buffet dishes.
3	Going downhill...not like it used to be.I will say that my husband and I have no problem paying $50 per person if the food is worth it (we would be paying more if we went to a high end steak house) but I feel they are letting the quality & selection of their seafood slip a bit.The 1st time we went to this buffet my husband LITERALLY ate about 5 plates of crab legs and lobster tails.  They tasted so fresh he could not get enough.  The last time we went (about a week ago) he only ate 1 plate of crab legs (he didn't even finish them) because he said they were cold and seemed like they had been sitting for awhile, and 1 plate of lobster tails.  He said the lobster tasted fresher than the crab legs but just wasn't as good as he remembered.The selection also has changed.  There used to be about 5 different types of crab legs & lobster tails to pick from, now there are only 2.  You would think with less to choose from that they would stay hot and fresh but they are not.  Maybe it's the time of day we went (around 4pm) but they seemed to be busy.I will say they added some type of Chinese noodles to their buffet and my husband and I both enjoyed those.  Their fried clam strips were perfect and their gelato was scrumptious.  I am sure the next time we go back to Vegas we will try it again, hopefully, next time will be like it used to be (fingers crossed)!!
4	This place was pretty decent, they had a good selection of different foods.  My wife and I went there for dinner, I am a seafood fanatic her not so much.  However they had a lot of choices for her to choose from as well. It was Chinese food pasta as well as different types of meats and sausages.  They might be known for their seafood but there are other options too.  It cost $100 for both of us to go for dinner. I only had two plates so I kind of felt like I was paying for my selection not the quantity of food.  I think the price would be better around $30, but all in all it was pretty decent.  Now the big question is what I be back? Probably not.  I think Vegas has a lot more buffets to choose from that are equally is good, just not as pricey for dinner.
2	Way too expensive for what they have to offer. $45 per person . Buffet includes skinny and dry crab legs, chewy sashimi (not fresh at all), steamed longostino lobsters, shunken oysters and egg rolls. Prime rib steak was just so-so as well. You are probably better off with made to order restaurants. Needs a lot of improvements or lower the price. One would expect something much higher in quality at this price especially if you are from California, this buffet will really disappoint you. Service also needs improvement, takes forever to get a refill. Too many tables per server.
5	Definitely one of the best seafood buffets I've been to! Pricey, as are most of the buffets in Vegas, but worth it! They have this shrimp and lobster tail medley which always has a line. We signed up for this text message service that texts us a couple times a week to get deals on things in Vegas. We ended up saving 10$ off each person at this buffet. Definitely look for coupons before going. Would definitely recommend this place if you're a lover of seafood.
4	After reading the plethora of reviews about this place I first called the buffet to see if there was any food that ran out. Nope. So that's a good sign. Then I decided that the ONLY way to find out whether this place is worth the 50 bucks or not is to try it for myself. When it comes to buffets it is a hit or miss. And with the myriad of buffets that is popping all over vegas, I can only trust my own palate. So in this review I will include info that sometimes is missing which may matter a great deal for you when you have to make a choice.First we went there on a Wednesday night at around 8 PM.  There were only 2 parties ahead of us and we were seated fairly quickly.  They place a bowl at each table so you can put the shells and any food you don't really want and they will clean out that bowl when it gets almost full.  They do have plenty of people busing the table and our drinks came quickly.  I went straight to the Crustacean section and loaded up on snow crab and king crab.  Note for crab lovers: NEVER get the legs that have been cut in half. They get dry.  Always get the fully shelled ones. A bit of extra work but it is worth it. Yum!  I also got some crawfish.  Too overcooked on most of them.  So I left those alone after a while.  I also got the oysters!  Yum!  Sweet!  Put some of that cocktail sauce and lemon you're good to go!  Then I got some of the turf foods.  Not bad.  Beef was good.  Then I got some lobster.  There was a dude in front of me who picked through the lobster section for the red lobsters and got a plateful.  They have another type of lobster which I was unfamiliar with (kind of a tan-striped color).  I managed to pick through and got three of the red lobsters. The lady behind me was upset at the guy in front of me and asked the server behind the counter for more red lobsters. LOL.  Anyway, just be sure to make a beeline for whichever you like best like I did for the crabs.  The lines weren't long at all, if there was any line at all.  The stations are all connected but at this time I didn't stay in line for a long time at all (five minutes tops).  My friend tried more variety of food (surf and turf).  I tried the jumbo shrimp and it tasted great!  I was surprised.  But I love crab too much so I stuffed myself with crab. LOL  I honestly didn't care for anything else.Our server was on point. He kept coming back to check on our shell bow, whisked away our plates, and refilled our drinks.  I saw plenty of servers that evening.  Tons of people around us were seafood lovers and compared to them, I was such a newbie.  Oh they also have a gelato station so I used the mango sorbette as my "palate cleanser". LOL  It actually worked pretty well as I transitioned to my turf foods.  :)  Their creme brulee was pretty good, but their "cream puff" had no cream. I think someone forgot the cream. LOL.  Other than that, everyone else was spot on about the review of the desserts.  Small station, but hey, with gelato section who cares!  I'd rather have that any day over mass made dessert cakes you can buy from food for less (though I have to say food for less actually has really good desserts....so maybe I should say smart and final or something).  So all in all I was happy with this place.  Do I recommend it? Sure.  But I do because I was able to have a non-crowded experience.  I think during the weekends you're bound to get a lot of more problems b/c of the large amount of people going through.  So use your judgement when you decide to go in terms of the time.  I went and had a good time, but it was during the middle of the week.  :)  Happy shelling!
1	King crab legs, lobster were absolutely dry. Had to dip in butter to get meat out. Snow & Dungeness crab not fresh at all. Meat fell apart, was not firm at all & very difficult to get out of shells. I eat out alot, I know good, fresh, and firm seafood and there was none here. $100 bucks for 2 wasted.
1	The salmon was dry and swimming in sauce. The crab was dry. All fish was sad. This was an incredible waist of money and time. Poor quality. Go anywhere but here.
1	I would rate this buffet a zero stars. I used to visit here frequently and in its heyday, it was among the best buffets, however, it has gone downhill in quality. I went on a Saturday night, the buffet was nearly empty. The crab legs were either not fresh or had a bit of freezer burn. The same with the lobster, it was very hard, even when dipped in butter. The lobster is also miniature. I let the manager know about the crab legs after my visit and he really didn't seem to care, believe his name was Mike. I went to sister properties Paris and Ceasers for buffets same weekend and they were fantastic and the crab was great, unlike at Rio. Also, other hotels serve king crab, however, this place did not. I would strongly avoid dining here, it is a waste.
4	Shucked scallops?!  Soooo good!!!! Oysters were nice and meaty!  Recommended!  Lobster tails and shrimp were very very bland....like its been frozen way too long... Minus one star.
1	DISGUSTING!   I went into this after reading the reviews and was optimistic.   Wow was I disappointed.  The raw bar was by far the worst.  The sashimi was rubbery and tastless.  The oysters were stuck to the half she'll and hard rubber.  After waiting in a line to get to the lobster I was disappointed again as all there was was little baby half tales that everyone has picked through.  The few I did get were overcooked and tastless.  I can't belive they get away with charging $48 for this.  I did try the prime rib and it was ok, but this is a seafood buffet!  I have been to $25 all you can eat sushi spots that are 10 times better than this place.   If you have any kind of good taste for seafood and are expecting even an OK experience,  don't go here!  So disgusting!
4	Some good food and a great variety of it too. It's not all 5 star food but its mostly good. Also it's $50
5	Honestly, I don't know why people are complaining about this buffet. I went here for the first time the other day with my cousin, her boyfriend, my brother, and my daughter. And we all loved this place!Sure, the selection isn't as much as the Carnival Seafood Buffet, but C'MON! It's SEAFOOD! I don't know about you, but my family and I are HUGE seafood lovers. And this place definitely nailed the spot. I had a bit of everything, and everything was definitely delicious! It also definitely tasted fresh, too. Oysters weren't really top quality, but you're eating at a buffet... And most importantly, I didn't get food poisoning!Desserts were also very delicious! They have a WIDE selection of freshly made gelato! I recommend the MELON-flavored gelato! That was definitely my favorite one! And the most delicious one too! IAs for the service, we had a really amazing server. He took really great care of us, and he was very attentive! Hopefully, we get as lucky as we did the next time we visit!Overall, great buffet with great seafood! Would definitely recommend :)
3	For a seafood buffet I was not impressed. Crab legs were good. Lobster tails were small and chewy. Prime rib was good. Oysters were small. Desert selection was small but pleasing. Overall, ok buffet but I don't think I would return.
2	I was so excited to try this buffet, but alas, it left much to be desired. Perhaps it's because I'm from Boston, so I'm spoiled when it comes to fresh seafood, but I found it difficult to find any appetizing seafood here.I started with the crab legs, which weren't bad, but were a bit stringy. I moved onto the cajan shrimp and calamari.. The shrimp wasn't edible, beyond fishy(YUCK!), the calamari was passable. Finally I made it to the lobster tails... ummm... I've had lobster countless times, I wouldn't call these lobster tails. They had a greyish tint, tasted like rubber, and left a very unsettling feeling in my stomach. Again, perhaps I'm spoiled by the fresh seafood of the east coast, or perhaps I was perturbed to have paid for a buffet of buffet pass, and paid an additional $15 for this seafood travesty, but I will not be back.
2	Rather than trudge across town to the M Resort, my family and I decided to give Village Seafood Buffet a try. Besides proximity, as an added incentive, locals (with Nevada ID and a Rio club card) receive 25 percent off!The staff was friendly, well trained and attentive. The food, however, was simply mediocre.The headings posted above each station made little or no sense and only served as a source of amusement. The dishes in the "Latin American" section, for example, had absolutely nothing to do with Latin America. Having spent several years living in Chile and Argentina, and being married into a Chilean family, I'd like to think that I know a little something about cuisine from that part of the world. Sorry Village people...not even close! Chicken wings on a skewer don't make it a Brazilian churrascaria. My real issue with this place is not the way they organize their spread or classify the fare; it is the lack of what Gordon Ramsey calls "simple honest food". Every fish dish was some sort of stewed or poached jumble. I was hoping to find a station where I could get an uncomplicated grilled piece of salmon or swordfish. No such luck, not a grill in sight. Everything was swimming in oil or had been boiled to death. Although I'm far from a pretentious LA foodie, I am no great fan of mushy Mahi Mahi.The three varieties of crab legs (cold, steamed, and stir-fried) were little more than adequate. Of course that did not stop me from stoking my cholesterol count. The cold crab legs were split with few claws around. This, I'm willing to concede, might not be the restaurant's fault. Sometimes it is just the luck of the draw as to whom you get behind (cue the Guoyue music).  Seriously, after you Google it, don't get mad at that last statement. You know it's true. I'm just trying to be factual and objective here...but I digress. The steamed legs were of decent size, but not particularly tasty. The Chinese sweet and spicy wok-stirred crabs were the best. At least they had some flavor infused into them.As for some of the other dishes, I'm sorry to report the pale elfin lobster was past its prime, completely over-cooked, and diminutive. By good fortune I remembered to bring my reading glasses. The Asian section made Panda Express look yummy.  And, the beef dishes were...well, let's just say, I think the cows died of old age. More than likely Village Seafood purchased the roast beef that the Palace Station and Circus Circus passed up as being too cheap and tough even for their customers.I cannot comment on the oysters, clams, and other assortment of crustaceans that I didn't try other than to say that most in my family seemed to enjoy them very much and left a rather large debris field behind them as proof.The highlights, aside from the excellent service, were, the sourdough rolls and the deserts. Several of the deserts were quite good, but the best of the best would have to be the gelato. I'm told they're homemade. They had about 10 different flavors. We sampled three of them at our table and each one was delightful. Overall, none of us hated it...but the night is young. Hopefully I won't have to amend this review in the morning!
5	Im a big seafood fan...always her for the crab legs, but recently i tried thr lobster mac n cheese... OMG...PERFECT mixture of pasta lobster and cheese...it is so creamy...lucky for us we always get a great server,always so upbeat and attentive
5	This is one of the best buffets in Vegas. If your a seafood lover like my husband and I the price you pay is so worth it. They have crab legs, served steamed or cold, lobster tails, raw oysters, crawfish, clams, mussels .... The clam chowder is a must have and of course there's non seafood items too like the beef ribs which is so moist and it falls right off the bone. Here's a Tip: I do recommend stopping by the half price ticket counters that you see on the strip to save $11 at the buffet.
3	before i have my daughter, me and my husband always stay with RIO when you go to vegas.  Village Seafood buffet's king crab leg is not as good as 7, 10 years ago. pricing is a little expensive, so thats why i dont go there no more. if staying at rio hotel, i recommended to go world buffet in the other end of the casino. ^^
2	Disappointing   ....Low quality ,high price ,weak customer service, not what used to be, poor management and supervising.
4	Sooooooo good!!! I was so full I puked when I left.. I couldn't stop eating! I gave it 4 stars because the lobster tails are like a half of a half of a tail & they should have like a Mexican seafood section, many be like shrimp tacos?!  ( I love Mexican food!)  and it would bd great if they had king crab.. But other then that all the food was fresh and delicious! The rice, mashed potatoes, macroni, everything has seafood in it. They had some huge grilled chicken wings, so good!! The mussels were good & fresh. They have hot & cold crab legs... I didn't even get to try everything because I got full to fast. Just go it's worth it!!! And it's only $30 for Nevada residents!
3	I would say this place was ok. I wouldn't go as far as saying it's the best in vegas like some ppl have.. But for $45 plus tip for just one person I was disappointed.
5	Totally enjoyed this buffet-lobster, crab, shrimp and roast beef were my favorites!Highest on my dining choices when in Vegas!
1	I was there the first week of July 2014. OMG what a disappointment. The people who work there are great! But the food is not good, it looks good but no flavour. Save your money! Don't even try the oysters, it's like eating rubber.
1	For this price at least have a fresh foods,  hope I'm not getting food poisoning stay away from this sh%= place
1	I was here a few times before and I would give them 5 stars and I had recommended  people to come.  I came back again today. The line is short, which is a hint.  They simply do not serve any lobsters any more. They have some tasteless lobster like meat but not what I had before.  Do not come for the lobsters because there is none.
5	I haven't been to Vegas in years and I don't know any good places to eat. Starving and looking for place to meet up for lunch after a long morning, my friends and family wanted to go to the Carnival buffet at Rio. While I was getting my game club card to get dat extra discount for the buffet (I don't gamble lol) my friends already started a line in front of Village. I soon discovered it was seafood buffet ahh yeh... while I was yelping the location. Their food was great and there was a nice selection to choose from: mediterrean, mexican, asian, italian, etc. I was so in it for the salmon and tuna sashimi, crab, lobster bisque, and pasta. However, I soon started to sample others. Also, their ice cream selection is great. I recommend the green tea, tiramisu, and pistachio. Other than that, try out this place when you have that seafood craving.
2	Only so so, at best. Local places back home have this beat, and that's not saying much. Sorry, but if you have to have seafood, do yourself a favor and spend ten bucks more and eat a little less of significantly better quality food with good service in the same casino!Pigging out on frozen crab legs isn't always the best deal.
3	Village Seafood Buffet was okay. Lots of seafood selections!I liked:- King crab legs (cold). Very sweet in flavor and it was sliced down the middle which made getting to the crab meat that much easier!- Fried giant prawn tails- Udon stir fried noodles- Sauteed scallops- Hummus and pita chips- Pistachio and Green Tea gelato (my favorites)I didn't like:- Lobster bisque. It was way too sweet and coconutty.- Steamed mussels, clams, and crab had absolutely no flavor. They need to season it!- Tamale was very dry and not flavorful.- Octopus was tough from being heated constantly for too long.
4	For those of you who wants to see what kind of seafood is served at Village Seafood Buffet at Rio. I have recorded an extended steady tour of the whole buffet stations:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nYl2MEs5bjIThe Village Seafood Buffet is located at the other end of the casino floor. The lines could get very long between 7 and 8pm. As for me, I got there around 7:30 on a Thursday evening and waited about 20 minutes. The price for dinner was $45, so about $15 more than Carnival World Buffet.There were a lot of seafood options to choose from as you can see from my video.To be honest, I really went there for the AYCE lobster, I was hugely disappointed that it was so freaking tiny (see video). They didn't serve Maine lobster instead they served Rock lobster. If you guys don't know, Rock lobsters come from the Pacific ocean and has no claws, whereas Maine Lobsters come from the East coast with claws. Anyways, I still ate a whole bunch of tiny-halved lobster tails to ensure that I got my money worth.They serve a lot of clams, mussels, and crawfish that are not served at Carnival World Buffet.Overall the food was good not great. I believe this is the only place in Vegas that serve AYCE lobster.Like I said before, to decide if you guys want to eat here, I have recorded a full steady tour of the Village Seafood Buffet for all of you guys to enjoy!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nYl2MEs5bjI
5	I am a seafood person, hence anywhere filled with snowcrab leg, shrimp, clam or oyster will be a perfect spot for me, and the village seafood buffet satisfies all the conditions. Besides seafood, they also offer sushi, steamed dumplings, all kinds of meat, chicken and veggie. I wish I could extend my stay and come here a second time!
4	Was great with theirs selection, the crab & the lobster bits were fabulous! The oysters mussels and clams .. they were gritty and slightly slimy.
2	The food was overbooked and with the exception of the small sushi selection was really poorly prepared. The crawfish and lobster in particular were unbelievably nasty. The only reason for the 2 star rating is that the staff were attentive and pleasant.
5	Best all you can eat seafood buffet in all of Vegas. They are the only ones to have mini lobster tails. The crab legs are delicious and easy to eat since they split the legs in half so you just pull off the meat. Their gelato ice cream parlor is just so yummy. I always like to get a double cup of mango flavor. It's not cheap anymore before it used to cost $38 and now it cost $50 a person.
4	Food was really good.  Clam chowder was the bomb.  Also good, cold shellfish except oysters..kind of weak.  Lobster was bland..also no fried lobster as when I was there 5 years ago..boo.  I'd eat there again.
4	The best one out of the three we went to. I would say if you are going to a show go to tix4tonight, and the buy the discount rate on the show and for 2 dollars you can get the discount rate for the buffet. There was a nice selection service was fast. Crab legs and some good sushi. It's a little busy but not crazy. The only thing is it's off the strip which kind of stinks but if you want seafood I would try it.
1	Warning warning, the food here is for pig, not for human. The worse part, they give me only one bowl to puke instead of three.
2	Its okay. we bought buffet of buffets and this was one of our stops. food is not very fresh or selective. go around the after lunch crowd otherwise the wait is horrendous for the semi ok/mediocre selection...,..
4	Next visit was good. Crab was fresh and great variety of seafood. I like the snow crab the best.
1	I don't want to give it any stars, it's a trick! the lobster isn't lobster it's mushy and gross.  It wasn't worth the price at all.  I really wish I hadn't insisted on coming here and paying more for less. The crab legs were the only thing I had that was good but you can't really mess that up. Next time I'm in town I'll pass on the buffet scene.
5	This place is the best seafood in town , been cooming here for 6 years.best lobster shrimp crab and sashimi.
4	I love coming to this buffet. At first, when my fiance suggested it, I thought it seemed a little pricey, particularly because there is a 4 plate limit. We only pay $30 because we're locals. To the tourists who got sucked into paying $50; dunno what to tell you other than, sucks to be you, I guess. When we got there the first time, there was no line, but in times since, we've waited maybe 15 minutes, at most, and I've waited that long at an Olive Garden before, so in the grand scheme of things, not that bad. You can get soda or water, or for an upcharge you can get bottomless wine or beer.  They boast of lobster tails, and they are quite nice, but to be fair, they are not standard sized lobster tails, they're mini, but still good. In regard to the people complaining of the lobster, I've never been there when they were "mushy" or "stale," and they refill the trays with new batches fairly often.   As for the other treats I enjoyed, they had an amazing salmon dish with a creamy cheese sauce, crab legs, oysters, sushi, shrimp, crab, and a slew of other items. The four plate max was more than enough, as I am uncomfortably full whenever we leave this place. My fiance and I are on a low carb diet so we come here to treat ourselves without getting out of control. I don't give it 5 stars because I still think it's a tad pricey, although we're locals and the food is good, I can get the same, or better quality fish for $25 at an all you can eat sushi restaurant. That being said, we go here about once a month.
1	Oh my god .What happened to this place..We used to love coming here. Went last night and I have to say, it was absolutely horrific. So sad now because it used to be a place we looked forward to going. Needless to say we won't ever go back, it was that bad. I will say the service was great but food quality was not even on the chart. $200 for the 4 of us and didn't think twice about it because again we always enjoyed it. I would be surprised if its open a year from now. We hope there will be another seafood buffet that will again be one we can look forward to going to. Charge $75 a person and make it quality and they will come. We will.
5	Oh man. By far my favorite buffet in Vegas! The presentation here may not be top dollar, but the food is absolutely fantastic! Even the stuff that isn't seafood is good. There is a limited selection but the options are really good. I would definitely come back. The lobster tail was my favorite. They are a bit small but still good. And the service was excellent as well. Always on top of things with refills and clean up. Love this place!
3	I have actually visited the Village Seafood Buffet at The Rio three times. Each time I have enjoyed myself.I was torn on whether to give this 3 or 4 stars. The reasons I chose 3 is because when I want a plethora of seafood, I know I can come here and have good eats but it is on the expensive side.The options are always solid and depending on the visit, the choices can vary just a bit. Expect to wait in line for a bit and come with a very empty belly. You will want to get the most for your money.
1	Very poor value for price paid and when they write fresh fish everyday. They might mean fresh frozen products as most of the dishes are tasteless.Please improve the dessert section too!!You have much better option in Vegas for $50 per person...
3	It was a very good buffet. A lot of dishes to choose from ranging from very good to very gross. You really need to taste everything to see what you like and what you don't. I loved the king crab and snow crab. Hated the lobster. It was mush. We went on a Wednesday in October and it was open, unlike what some people said on here.  My advice: try it, but don't pay full price.  I searched on line and found a $10 coupon per person from Val-Pak, but there were other similar ones.
4	After reading and hearing all of the hype about this wonderful place called the Village Seafood Buffet I gave it a try for the first time.  This is mainly a dinner buffet that specializes in seafood so be prepared to spend some money.  On Saturday and Sunday the price is higher than on other days, especially if you're not a gambler.  When I arrived, there was no long line but service was quick and attentive.  Soda and water is free, but the alcohol you have to pay extra.  The food as up to par and exceeded my expectations, although there were a few items I would give a second thought.  The lobster tails mixed with shrimp were the main attraction.  Nothing but buttery delicious goodness.  Keep in mind that the lobster tails are small and not the American or Maine lobster tails you were expecting.  These are langostino lobster tails but there are much easier to manage.  The clam strips and the calamari were tasty and had me coming back for more.  They also had steamed and raw king crab, shrimp, oysters , Chinese food, salmon, carved rib and more than what you can ask for.  The price for what you paid seemed fair but could be better.  Keep in mind that Vegas buffets are about quality, not quantity.  If you come across any discount vouchers on Yelp, take advantage of it.  Will be coming back for more.
3	I don't think the price is worth it. Don't get me wrong the food was good. But for the price, it should be awesome. I say either lower the price or increase the quality of the food.
3	A good buffet, it's not worth the money like it used to be. To cost almost $50 a person and what they have available you can get much more bang for your buck around vegas.
3	Listen a Buffet is a Buffet unless you want to go to Caesars or Wynn! I have to say I thought it was good because I am a huge fan of crablegs and back in the DMV you can't get 4 clusters for $45 so I was all in, plus once I found the hot garlic butter I was winning. I did like the Shrimp and Grits rendition and the desserts were awesome. So grab your Total Rewards card get your discount, pull up a seat and get it how you live!
5	Best seafood buffet I ever have in vegas. Not too many people around 6 pm. Better than Caesar Palace in my opinion.
1	Beware of this buffet. I got food poisoning there, and the food was not good. Overcooked and dried up.
3	I had this on my list for several years and finally went on a Friday night about 8pm. It is costly and there was no line which was good. I am not sure if my expectations were too high but I was underwhelmed by the experience. The sushimi was very good, as well as the lobster pieces. The oysters were immersed in ice and chunks and pieces ruined them. The crap legs were nice and butter warm. We opted to pay the extra for unlimited wine - worth it!  Overall enjoyable but I am unlikely to return.
4	My gf and I ate here on our second day in Vegas and were extremely impressed with the quality and tastes of the various dishes and the assistant manager, Michael Lee, only added to the good impression with his exemplary professional additude and good nature. We will come back!
5	Wow!   We loved it.  I don't know what one reviewer meant about a four plate limit.  I never heard that and I'm sure I brought back a few more plates than four!    The oysters were huge and delicious, always my favorite...until, I had the sashimi last time.   That was the freshest fish I've ever eaten.  It is a bit pricey but you certainly get your money's worth.  In LA, the amount of sashimi I ate alone would have been more than the price of this buffet.   Desserts can use some updating.  The staff from our server, Minh, to the asst manager, Michael were on top of their game.   Great evening.  It was the food highlight of our trip.   L
1	The entire experience was terrible - extremely crowded dining area, non-existent service & blah food. I'm very glad we didn't pay full price!! We paid $140 for 4 of us after using a $10 off per person discount coupon & it still wasn't worth the price. I would never recommend this buffet & I will never return.
4	A buffet, is a buffet, is a buffet.  All in all, pretty expensive BUT an incredible amount of choice on the seafood front, as well as many other choices for those not into seafood.  I am a fan, mostly due to the quality of the food they have available and the service.My husband is a huge peel and eat shrimp/crab legs eater, he likes this particular buffet as they also have crawfish and langostino lobsters.I on the other hand like to try a little of everything and boy do you get options here... again quality choices.  I tried their sushi offerings (well done!), their shrimp tacos (delicious), pigged out on their asian and pasta stations as well.  The dessert station was solid, but make sure you don't miss the Gelato.. it was divine.  If you are in Vegas and love seafood, you will love this buffet and likely get your monies worth.
1	We usually love the seafood buffet at the Rio, but were so disappointed this last time. We went on a Sunday evening and it was NOT worth the $50 per person. The oysters were NOT fresh.. they looked all gooey as if they'd been frozen and thawed. The oyster section shrunk to include sections for scallops, mussels, and crawfish. The king crab legs were extremely salty and overcooked. The service was horrible. I had to flag down the server to pick up our piles of plates at least 3x during the meal. This was one of our must-dos in Vegas so sad to say, but it's off our list now.
2	Way too expensive compared to the food quality at other Strip buffets.  The fish was nothing to write home about, the crab legs so-so, and the lobster was tiny and overcooked.  The sushi was actually sashimi.  All in all, disappointing.
4	I went here Thanksgiving (TG) week last year (2013) and I remember they served CANADIAN lobster tail halves. It was on their sign that said Canadian lobster. They were bigger, sweeter, and meatier than the regular rock (small) lobster. You can tell they were redder. Somehow, I did NOT leave a 5-star review then. So now TG 2014 comes along and I come back here to enjoy. BTW, every time I am in Vegas, there is one constant: the Rio Seafood buffet, so this year was at least my 5th time. Sadly, this year, no Canadian lobster tails, just the regular rock lobster. So I cannot give it a 5-star review. Nonetheless, the prime rib is as solid as ever, I went for two delicious slices! The au jus is spot-on salty and beefy - and that's from a seafood place! Staff here are always friendly and professional. Jambalaya, risotto, and what seemed to be a paella were so loaded with briny and sweet ocean flavors. The crab this time was spiny king crab, not the less spiny snow crab. Generally firm and sweet, but some crab legs were soaked and of course just tasted like a pulp with ice water. Still, you can choose what looked OK to eat.Dessert was 5-stars. Again, same crumbly pies and sweets. Sweet pineapple was needed for the acids to melt down what I ate. Gelato was solid as ever. Having been here a lot. I will not eat here again (to make room for other restaurants to sample) UNLESS I can call ahead and they can guarantee Canadian sweet lobster. I live for this and if it's just rock lobster, then I will pass. I understand their suppliers change but I should have checked beforehand. This place remains a 4-star place in my book.
1	Why would you go to this place? Chances are you drove by 50 good restaurants and buffets to get to it. Real medium food for the price. I understand the draw- crab legs, sushi etc. but this place is not good. It's old and dingy just like the Rio is starting to look. The seafood was not the correct temperature and looked like it had all been sitting awhile when we were there for prime time dinner on a Friday night. Just trying to save others the time and option of choosing a better meal. Sorry Rio but yuck!!
3	This buffet had oyster, shrimp, Alaskan king crab, and lobster with shrimp. The dessert area was pretty good. My husband liked this buffet. Sucks cause it's away from the strip. Less variety compared to other buffets. But Rio does have another buffet there. If you do the Buffet of Buffet... You can go to both you just have to pay extra for the seafood.
1	Didn't expect much and was disappointed. Looking for and average Vegas buffet with some seafood treats. It was below average and the seafood was sub par even the frozen crab
3	Decent, but not worth the price paid. Didnt hate it but wouldn't come back. Lobster tails were actually langostinos. False advertising and a real let down, but there were some good points.Pros:- lobster bisque is really good. More cheesy textured and sharp flavored than most but that's how I like it- salmon sashimi was excellent- in the Mediterranean section they had a seafood bouillabaisse of some sort that was spicy and flavorful and was my favorite. I don't usually eat pasta at these but I made an exception because it was that good- big crab legs cut in half for you for easy eating. Not dry, they're actually quite flavorful and good.-cold scallops are buttery smoothCons:- expensive for what you're getting. We joined the card club and saved a whopping 2 bucks on a $100 tab. Woo hoo.- most of the sushi was icky, salmon was good but tempura shrimp was rubbery, hamachi was too tough to eat and came in a vacuum sealed pouch that looked more like tilapia, and the tuna had all these tendons in it. Stick with salmon and California rolls.-gelato was more like shave ice in texture, not my favorite - most of the fried things were too salty and rubbery- the biggest con of all, the false advertising of the "lobster"s. they were langoustines. I'm seeing photos here and nothing even remotely like that was available when I went, it was an inch and a half long at biggest. I kept seeing advertisements saying lobster lobster lobster. Asked staff "where's the lobster?" And sent us to a vat of tiny shrimp sized tails swimming in a misc. butter sauce.If you want to just power down the crab legs, go for it, but I still don't think even then it would be worth $45/person. I guess that's Vegas for you.
2	Not worth the money, $47.99. Lobsters were tasteless. Oysters were not fresh. Crab legs were not good, either.
2	Not worth the $50. Sure is unlimited lobster, but the lobster doesn't even taste good. The meat was tough, and tasteless.  I actually had to throw one away because it smelled terrible, and old. The two star is for the desserts,  their tiramisu and gelato are  very good!
1	I could not find the all you can eat lobster, unless they call crawfish lobster. Way overpriced, the best thing on the menu was the beef!
3	Not a bad Seafood Buffet but certainly not the best.  There is allot of hype about this being the best but it certainly didn't have the great selection of crab and other seafood advertised. My wife and I had dinner there Christmas Eve and were quite disappointed as they say they have King Crab Legs and Snow Crab and other Lobster dishes.Well, No King Crab and No Lobster of any kind.  At $60.00 a head its not worth the price.  What they did have was ok but still not worth the high price charged.I will not be returning there again.
3	Well known Vegas seafood buffet that has a wide variety of  foods, covering Mediterranean , Asian, Latin, American style seafood and Raw bar. Most of the food was very good but some disappointing like the oysters were large and not the best. The lobster tails were from a very small type lobster and a long way from a Maine lobster tail. The carving stations were excellent. The prime rib, and grilled chicken were excellent but you come to this buffet for the seafood and I only tried the meat at the end because it looked so good. Did this buffet as a part of the buffet of buffets program so it is wrapped into one of 3-4 buffets in a 24-hour period for just $50 so it quite the bargain
2	This really is based more on that I was sicker than a dog when I went here.  The smoke from the casino was really bothering me on top of that.  So, my taste buds and moods were off.  I was running a fever that night, but I didn't wan to be a spoil sport.This was really expensive as my mom treated our 4 families to this place.  There was a lot of seafood.  Debbie the server was SUPER great.  I give her a 10 star out of 5 stars.  She was perfect and had a super great attitude.  Jeannie was also the other server for our table of a party of 16.  She did her job and sort of had a bad attitude.  I give her a 2 star.  As for the food, lots of variety of seafood.  But I was disappointed there were no soups, which is what I was wanting.  The lobster tails were so small, that I don't think they were like real tails or maybe on miniature lobsters.  I don't know.  A lot of seafood does not require a lot of cooking, so as they sit under the heat lamps, they further cook, thus making it hard or super chewy.  Seriously, I think Red Lobster is way better.  I don't know how much my mom paid, but probably close near to $45/person for 12+ years old.  Some of the turn over of the food wasn't real quick.  Presentation of some of the stuff was fine, but maybe because I wasn't feeling well, nothing tasted good to me.Some foods were really salty, while some had no taste and were super bland.  For as much as you pay for this buffet per person, one would expect it would be much better.  I was really disappointed and I will never come back.The only saving grace was that Debbie was an awesome server with such a fantastic attitude and my mom's generosity to treat us kids and our families.  The wait to get into this place was quite long, but once we got up to the cash register to pay, they found us a table in less than 10 minutes for our party of 16.
1	This place sucks a lot of food but it all taste the same no flavor and it's over cooked ok I understand it's a buffet but this was crap
1	The Worst buffet ever! Almost everything is un-freshed and the price is ridiculous high. It is even not worth 10$!
2	Wasn't impressed with the tiny lobster, my shrimp was bigger!! It was all you can eat "slipper " lobster, (never heard of that)didn't taste that great, stuck with the crab legs, they were much better ~salad bar sucked~ didn't even bother with dessert. Too pricey and I used a $10 coupon.
