5	Excellent spray tans! The staff is efficient and the tans are natural looking. I had the medium for my bachelorette weekend for a sassy look, and the light for my wedding which looked great in the pictures. I highly recommend Gorgeous Glo for a safer way to get your tan on.
1	I have had a spray tan at this facility once.  They actually did a really good job.  The results were really even and natural looking.  What I have an issue with is their complete lack of customer service.  I showed up for my appointment today and was told that they wouldn't honor my Groupon since I had been there once previously.  The staff even admitted that no where on the voucher did it say that the deal was for new customers only.  When asked why they wouldn't honor it the front desk girl responded with "Well, we don't make any money off of those."  That doesn't negate a contract!  When I spoke with the Groupon representative they also confirmed that Gorgeous Glo had not told them that this was only for new customers and that they were in fact breaking the contract.  Even though they did a fine job on my tan I won't ever go back here again.
4	I went to have a tan for a special event - I think the tan was great and it was wonderful for my event. I thought this was great, however one thing I was concerned about was that they didn't offer a hair cap.  This was my first spray tan and all of my friends said that they would give me a hair cap. But, even though they didn't give me a hair cap - it didn't seem to be a problem.  This spray tan was so great..It looked great for at least 4 days and I did not get scaly and dry like other friends have at other places.  I will definetly go back to this place.  They even sent me a thank you card with a $5 discount card.  Customer service is key!
2	I've had spray tans before but was needing one for a last minute trip and could not get an appointment with my normal person - so I tried this place.  When I got home, I noticed that they missed spots, and within a few days it was starting to spot all over my arms and legs - I had to basically scrub the entire thing off to avoid looking ridiculous.  A huge waste of money.  I will not go back here.
5	I called at 7pm on a weeknight wanting to squeeze in a spray tan before my beach vacation. I pretty much figured they wouldn't be able to fit me in, but luckily Donna got me in, and did a great job of the spray tan. It looked very natural.. She was great. It lasted about 7 days, but around day 4 noticed the fading. I'll be back again when I need another tan!
