4	Yogurt Garden is fairly new in Anthem and very welcomed as a great place to go for the family and friends for some frozen yogurt.  They offer different selections of frozen yogur-tee goodness including some sugar free or no sugar added selections with both fresh and confectionery toppings at $0.39 per ounce.  The flavor selection here is good and somewhat unique.  I think they offer about 10 flavors a day with some unique flavors that they rotate.  You have your choice of filling a bowl or waffle cone.  Select your yogurt choice then go over to the fresh fruit and candy store for toppings.  Yogurt Garden did a nice job of making toppings and "penny candy" seem fun again.  Plus, they had a nice selection of fruit, which can drastically alter the flavor of a yogurt selection.  So the next time your in this area and craving a tasty treat, stop by the Yogurt Garden in Anthem in front of the Fry's shopping center on Daisy Mountain.  Great yogur-tee goodness is waiting for you to give them a try.  I hope to see you there!
4	Yogurt Garden has a friendly staff and awaits with a nice variety of great yogurt flavors. It is considered one of my little girls local faves! They have a tasty selection and a decent choice of yummy toppings for your lickety splits craving! The price increased a bit, but it is still very reasonable and not bad. The establishment is always neat and tidy which is very welcoming and cool for a downtime hangout spot. Next time you want some delicious yogurt that will hit the spot give them a try. Enjoy!
5	Great Fro-Yo !!  Lots of toppings!! Plus HOT FUDGE to smather ALL over it.  The place is always CLEAN and comfy.  Wally is the owner and is very nice and a great listener.  The whole staff is great.  Cookies and Cream is the BEST.  I think they even have coffee now.  They also hold parties there if you want. Free Wifi too.
5	OMGosh! The best, and cheapest for miles. Love the Salted Caramel, and the most fresh toppings around. My family and I get a craving for Yogurt Garden on the regular. We are on our way there now!
5	Yummy yogurt and friendly service! The owner is very kind, always greets you with a smile, and the place is always clean and tidy! This is our favorite place to have dessert in Anthem, we go at least once a week, maybe more now that I'm pregnant!
