5	I just love these new QuikTrips both in Phoenix and Tucson.  The drink and fast food eats selections are more plentiful.  I do not purchase gas here as I prefer name brands but I go out of my way to shop here for snacks daily.Circle K could learn a LOT from QuikTrip. Circle K tried to copy their store format but got it wrong!  I went to a brand new one on Chandler Blvd and it only had one toilet for both genders and of course there was a line.  So I backtracked 3.5 miles to here just to use the facilities!  FYI: They have 4 toilets for the males.  So naturally they got my snack business as well.
4	I've been going here for over a year. The store is always clean, the staff is fast but friendly.
5	I love QT.  All locations, not just this particular one.  Their prices are fair, they are spotless, bright, well stocked and the employees always greet you as you walk in.    Their drink station is amazing,  They always have the best selection of different drinks from coffees (hot and cold), milk shakes, slurpees, smoothies, sodas, herbal and iced teas, you name it.  I love this.  In fact, did you know that the coffee area has a whipped cream dispenser and flavored creamer dispenser?  (Awesome, right?)Also, they have a great ready to eat food section too.  From wrapped hot sandwiches, tubes of varous meats rolling away in their heated deliciousness and salads and wraps, fresh fruit, pastries and donuts.  The selection is brilliant.Anyway, this is my favorite convenience store hands down.  I will go out of my way to find a QT, they are so much better than all the others out there.
4	I visit this QT every morning the service is always fast and courteous They always have what i need and want I've visited many QT in the valley but this one surpasses by far always clean the staff are sincerely cheerful always a great start to my day.
5	I've yet to meet a QT I dislike. I stopped by this one on the way to Phoenix and had a delightful soda and fueled up. Gas prices always seem competitive here which is very nice when one is on the go and in an unfamiliar city.
5	Every single QT I go into makes me feel like I'm in the greatest place ever.  Every staff member is great, the products are awesome, great gas prices and all other prices as well!  I love QuikTrip and will stop here over any other gas station any day of the week. Every QT deserves a five star rating!I stopped here today on my way up to North Glendale, and got myself some of their amazing fresh-brewed Tea!
