4	This restaurant is close to my office, so it is a regular stop for either a great Mexican breakfast or lunch. Never been dissapointed, nor have any of my co workers. Try the Huevos Rancheros or the Chiliquiles ( With the Green Sauce ), it is a favorite.
2	went here for lunch with Rand H. and the service here was terrible.I found the food to be OK so i was going to give them 3 stars but service is so bad a-ok goes down to meh. I've experienced better.So if your looking for a good Mexican lunch I would suggest looking a little further.m
5	The best Mexican restaurant.  They give you tons of food at a reasonable price.  The chips come with a couple different kinds of salsa, one not so hot and the other I've been too afraid to try.  I always get the seafood soup which I've never been able to finish.  Great bang for your buck.
5	ok, i have to admit.  went there 2 days in a row and don't regret it!
4	Hi.My name is Saul. I'm a taste bud and my story is a sad one. I don't know how old I am or how I came to be, I only know my lot in life is to sit around waiting for my host, some dick named Diego, to stuff weird tasting shit into his mouth and sample it for him. It's awful.Mainly because our asshole host likes to try new foods...as if we, (all five-thousand of us) are lab rats he routinely uses to conduct his Dr. Frankenstein-like foodie experiments on. Anyway, here's the drill. He stuffs something rude into mouth expecting us to taste it, give a full report to brain, then sit idly by waiting for mouth to receive its orders.The results?It goes one of two ways.Mouth either spits it out or swallows it.  At first blush, as a taste bud this may not sound like such a bad life, especially when sweet tooth is on the job, but if your host is Diego, well, you're pretty much fucked because sweet tooth has been overridden by brain after their reading something  called South Beach diet.Normally, and under most circumstances, things wouldn't be so bad if he'd just behave like other humans, simply taking a small taste of something and reacting like everyone else who'd just tasted some incredibly spicy food.... jumping out of their chair screaming;      "HOLY FUCK IS THAT HOT, GET ME SOME ICE WATER...STAT!!!!"But he doesn't. No, instead, this asshole likes to show off and in the process, punish us, right along with mouth and anus. And for what?So he can prove how macho he is? As I said, the guy's a dick.Well, fuck him. I've got a news flash.If he keeps up the kind of shit he did yesterday, taking us to Las Cazuelas and repeatedly burning us with their hot-as-hell hot sauce...willfully disregarding our warnings to brain to spit the shit out post-haste or else stomach and anus will be some hurting-ass units tomorrow, he's in for a big surprise.The next time he smokes some of that bad-ass chronic when his wife's out of town, gets a severe case of munchies, and relies on me and my buds to inform brain how some of the stuff he's eating has been sitting in the fridge for weeks and is now rancid, well, maybe we'll just conveniently 'forget' to notify brain of our findings.We'll give him, right along with stomach, anus, brain, and gag reflex something to think about the next time he even thinks about taking us to Las Cazuelas. Think you're the macho shit Diego?We've got news for you dickhead.Just you wait.Note: Their food IS magnificent. Especially the machaca. But as a taste bud, I can't recommend the hot sauce. I haven't spoken to anus yet this morning, but I'm fairly certain he won't be recommending it either.
4	Sonoran style Mexican food fit for a drug cartel kingpin! Pre-dinner chips and salsa are deliciously different. Unlike other chain joints, here, the chips will remind you of your last trip to Sinaloa; thick cut and deep fried to dark brown perfection, not the lightly golden chips served at most chains.Salsas are unique too. A red and a green with surprisingly good (and different) flavors. At some point, I started mainlining the green with a spoon as my wife looked on in horror.My spouse ordered some kind of combination dinner plate, number something or other. Who the fuck knows. I never listen, being much too focused on my own order and what delicious goodness awaits.I should have listened.My machaca plate was good, but hers, hers was the shit, causing me to break-out out the puppy dog eyes in hopes of a few mercy bites.  Another thing I'd like to point out; this isn't Scottsdale. It's Southwest Phoenix and not a great neighborhood either.Here's some cheap advice from someone who was born and raised in this hood:If you come here, taking-in the experience much as a tourist visiting Mexico for the first time would, do yourself a favor.Don't look around all judgy at the wannabe fashionistas, and don't EVEN look anyone directly in the eye, particularly the men.There's always going to be some guy on a Friday night who's perro-borracho and all too willing to yell at you from the next table, solemnly inquiring as to just what the fuck your problem is.Your 'problem' is you're not Mexican. You're a gringo, affluent and sticking out like a teen dining at Golden Corral. Affluence of any sort doesn't play here. May I suggest jeans and a Tecate t-shirt for the gentleman?For the lady, a pair of skin tight jeans, no matter how gigantic the butt, (in fact, the bigger the better)  and a clingy, all-cotton stretch top, one showcasing any back meat that might sausage out  from the shoulders.You might wish to suggest these makeup guidelines as well:  1. Pencil thin eyebrows, the apex nearly touching the hairline. (Use medium tip black Sharpy for best results) 2. Pacific blue eye shadow, covering the eyelids and extending well into the crow's feet. Go ahead, be generous. 3. Tons of eye liner, extending well into the temple area and finished with a nice curly cue.4. A faux tatoo on the back of each finger. L-O-V-E on one, P-A-P-Y on the other.Think of this event as dress-up night. A themed party with some great Mexican food. It'll be an absolute hoot!Note: As a consolation for making mama dress-up like Rosalita in 'Latina Sluts 7',  allow her to bring her Louie bag. No-one will have a clue what it is or how you paid their combined annual wages for it.
2	Nothing to write home about, but I'll write it on Yelp.I figured that I'd be able to get a better dinner at the mexican restaurant across the street from my hotel than at the hotel. Given that good mexican food is hard to come by in Washington state, I figured that I could get good mexican food anywhere in Arizona.The service was friendly and the food wasn't very expensive.  But it wasn't all that good either. My carnitas were very dry, like they'd been prepared earlier in the day. I was hoping for something that was moister.I don't think I'd eat dinner here again, but since my hotel has pretty poor breakfasts, I might give them a second try because I'm a sucker for chorizo.
3	Average Mexican restaurant.  I went there for lunch today.  The food was good, but nothing unique.
