3	Decent little place for a feed locally. Pretty standard Spanish fare done to an A-ok standard. Wont knock your socks off but you wont go hungry!
5	Ohhh, GET IN MAH BELLAY. The reaction, I think, of all us girls (Robyn Z. Nikki A. and Chelsea S.) upon seeing the tapas brought to our table. As mentioned before me by these lovely ladies, Tapa runs a very, very good deal on week nights and we took advantage of it. Let me try an English colloquialism for a change, it was "well" good. My parents are very keen on their tapas so I've been dragged through more tapas bars, restaurants and dives than you can shake a stick at, both abroad and in the Netherlands. Fair to say, I've tasted a lot of tapas, and these are gooood. As a matter of fact, when the Parental Unit once again graces Scotland with their presence, I shall drag them here. That's how good it was.The churros were in the shape of tears. Tears of joy, that is. And all of the dishes were expertly prepared, and lovingly presented. This is a great place to bring a date, as the ambiance is quite intimate, but as a group of four girls, none of us felt out of place. Oh man, and the chorizo, did I mention the chorizo? Eat that. Oh, yes, and the aubergine crisps, encrusted with brown sugar and orange peel. WHAT? I'm not sure who the chef is,  but that might be a good thing or I would've probably gotten his number.This is pure joy, my friends. Pure joy, go forth and tapa.
4	They changed the menu and my mind! Thank you Tapas for entertaining us last Friday on such a short notice (like 2 minutes from Sofi's to Tapas) and finding space to serve 3 hungry girls and a boy. We enjoyed the 12 odd different ones served out to us - Gambas, chorizo warm chicken and potato dishes. Your staff was helpful friendly and very accommodating to my sister when she was asking for things that weren't actually on the menu. I'd recommend to people to book (unlike us) as it was purely by chance we got our table. Highly recommended and another visit is in order soon.
4	I've been to Tapa twice and was very impressed on both occasions. As a vegetarian it is impressive to find somewhere that not only has a wide variety of options, but unusual and interesting options at that. The staff were excellent, great service, will definitely be back!If you go check 5pm.co.uk as Tapa offer 20% off if you book through there!
5	Tried seven dishes... All were absolutely amazing! La Tasca has nothing on this place. Highly recommended
5	Well worth another visit for another delicious piece of Hake, Prawn's in Garlic etc...Toni B n Belinda
