1	I really, really like Wendy's food.  I truly am a fan.This location is literally less than five minutes from my office.Am I a regular here, where they know my face if not my name?No.Why?Because I can't get a simple order delivered correctly!Today, it was an Asiago Chicken Club sandwich (homestyle please, not spicy or grilled) and a value fries.They got the value fries correct.  Suppose I should give credit where credit is due.The sandwich?  Instead of Asiago Chicken Club, seems I have a standard Spicy chicken sandwich.  No Asiago cheese, no bacon.   :-(  And I paid more than $6 for an incorrect order!Makes me sad as I was already having a bad morning.Why do I keep giving this location another chance????Definition of stupidity - doing the same thing repeatedly, expecting different results.Sorry Wendy's (at least this location).  This was likely your last chance.
3	Stopped by this location on Saturday afternoon to try the new Cod Fish sandwich and a wild berry lemonade. I didn't go in so this review will be solely based on my drive thru experience. Customer service was top notch!! I placed my order quickly, the guy confirmed my order and then thanked me for ordering! When I got to the window we had some small talk and it was all very pleasant! The sandwich was good,  the fish was crispy and hot. I passed on the lettuce and tarter sauce...but it was still pretty tasty. The fries were not so good. They were warm...and just not very appetizing so I didn't get to finish them. But the mixed berry lemonade was cool and refreshing. The berry flavor was not too sweet and a good compliment with the lemonade.Overall, it was a quick and decent meal. It's just like any other Wendy's!
3	Oh the power of a sign that is two minutes away from your house.Let me tell you a little story about how I was on my way to go pick up a salad... and then three little words stopped me in my tracks: Bacon Portabella Melt. Well, I'm not sure what happened next. The next thing I knew... I was at the drive-thru ordering one.Was it everything I had dreamed it would be? No. Was it tasty? Yeah, for a fast food burger. You know what would have made it better? If that Wendy chick would've delivered it to my house like she does in the commercial. Seriously, who wants to get up off the comfy couch?For those judging me about cheating on my salad, I did sub a side caesar for my fries. I do have some will power... although "some" should be in really small font.This location always has pretty good service. Never a long wait. The workers are nice.  It's super convenient on Park Road. However, it is super inconvenient to try to get back to Woodlawn Road.
