3	For lazy readers: Food: 6.8/10Service: 6.5/10Decoration: 7.5/10General comment: crowdy, good for kids, established since a long time, cheap for a Old Port Restaurant.Review:I went there with my pal and his friend on summer at a very touristic time of the year. On the marvelous St-Paul. E St. This must be one of the best deal and it as established a solid reputation. Set on 2 floors, the concept is pretty simple : Free Bread (with butter or Garlic Butter) and Salad Buffet with approx. 10-12 choices which is pretty decent. The menu has approx. 50 choices of fresh pasta. You will pay approx. 20-25$ dollars for the whole thing. When we were there it was really crowdy and we were on the second floor, near the kitchen. Normally I would be annoyed but the very same place, Charles Dickinson was there when he wrote his Christmas Novel. I don't think I would go back there because I'm rarely amazed by pasta restaurant. What makes me come back to a restaurant is based on: Could I do this at home without being annoyed and if the answer is: NO well i might come back. However the quality of the food is good, and the service rushed but not pushy.
1	Read carefully!! The food was great!! My food was awesome!! Again, Food gets 5 stars!!!! However, the service SUCKED!!Our waitress was just not good. She tried to do nothing but upgrade us. No drink refills. After we got our food she was gone!!
3	Decent food and service, can't complain.  This place is American-style Italian food, both on selection and portion size.  A bit on the pricey side ($15-25 for lunch); right next to Jacques Cartier Square this is more of a tourist spot than anything else.  Overall, good food and unobjectionable for entertaining groups.
4	Spaghetti sauce was super meaty and hearty, the carrot cake was one of the best I've had, and service was a lot better than people are suggesting it is. Next time I'll try dining a little more adventurously at this place and see what else they have!
2	So, I am conflicted here as I was taken here by some co-workers of mine who live in Montreal and the service was absolutely top-notch and the place itself was very nicely appointed and comfortable.  The issue is that none of that fills my belly and being a NY who loves his Italian, I have to weight the food heavier than the rest.  The appetizers were decent with the shrimp being the best.  The duck was a little salty.  Their sauce is meaty as one reviewer pointed out but it is way too sweet and had a pasty consistency when I dined there.  This is not how sauce or "gravy" is supposed to taste or at least what I am accustomed to.  Again, the menu, drinks, service, and the company were all fantastic and some portions of the meal were very good.  I just had an issue with the sauce and for me this is a core component of my Italian food experience.
4	I thought it was cool that Charles Dickens wrote some of his notes here for A Tale of Two Cities.  It's in a very touristy part of town which might be why it tends to be a little pricey.  I thought the atmosphere was quaint and comfy.  We came in around 2:30 in the afternoon so very few people were in there.  Service was pretty good.To start, you get free bread and garlic butter.  Then, we got free salad bar with the meal.  We did not have a ton of options at the salad bar, but they were a unique selection for someone coming from Ohio.  They also had potato salad and I always love a good potato salad.  I ordered the tortellini ($14) and my wife ordered the spaghetti ($12).  These were probably the cheapest items on the menu.  The tortellini was covered in cheese and it was exactly what I was hoping for.  Italian food is not my top choice usually so I was quite happy with what I had.  My wife really enjoyed her spaghetti especially the spicy sauce.  I thought the portions were pretty good.  After having bread, potato salad, and pasta, I was quite full and satisfied.  My wife thought I should give this place 5 stars but the price is keeping me from going above 4 stars.
4	Spent a lovely day in Old Port for Canada Day and decided to try this restaurant with family and friends. We were all very satisfied with our experience, loved the food!I always like having a little something with my main dish and the all you can eat salad bar and bread was perfect. There are choices that'll please anyone, from your basic greens to couscous, chick peas, potato salad and so on. I got 3 plates of it and wanted more that's how much I enjoyed it.I got their classic St Leonard spaghetti with meat sauce which was extremely flavorful and had just the right texture.My mom got the duck leg confit with caramelized onions and raisins, she must not have realized that it would be so sweet although the duck itself was succulent.We were 5 people and not one of us had food left on our plates by the end of the meal.It's a charming restaurant, great location and not overly packed. The fact that it doesn't have a terrace makes it a little bit more low key compared to other restaurants in the area but I found that perfect since that means it's easier to get a table.I would definitely go back, can't wait to try their tortellini or chicken parmesan.I would have given this place 5 stars had it included a desert or drink in the meal.
3	I want to give three and a half stars. Food was okay nice salad bar wonderful service. Comfortable very cute place for a family meal in old Montreal .
2	Wandered in Old Montreal and ended up here by chance.  Meat was fatty and spaghetti overcooked.
3	I want to give three and a half stars. Food was okay nice salad bar wonderful service. Comfortable very cute place for a family meal in old Montreal . The sauce had a spicy tang to it that I didn't like. Bathrooms were an adventure couldn't fit in one stall and I'm not big, other stall the toilet moved when you sat on it.
2	I visited this restaurant along with 2 friends, who, I must mention, LOVED their meals. However, I would be lying if I said that I thought that the meal I ate was delicious, or incredibly well seasoned. I had the opportunity to taste their plate of Tortellini au Gratin, which was not bad, though comparable to what I could have prepared at home with a package of Olivieri Tortellini and some commercial sauce. And honestly, how sad is it to eat a meal in a restaurant that you could have easily prepared at home for far less expensive, and with more expertise? Don't get me wrong, there is nothing wrong with packaged pasta - It can even be a life saver when you are short on time. The real problem with the meal that I ordered? 1 word. Overcooked. If you are going to use some commercial pasta in your kitchen, you should at least have the decency to serve it Al Dente. At least that's my take on it. On a brighter note, I should mention, again, that both of my friends really enjoyed their meals! I guess that this restaurant fails at pleasing some people, but succeeds at charming others.
4	Lovely Italian restaurant in Vieux Montreal, different and yummy salad bar, good rolls and average pasta dishes. Meatballs disappointing but still a decent value for Montreal. Efficient service by Fanny who was charming and dressed for Halloween. Wine was average but there are no deals on wine in Canada. Overall a lovely fall evening for us.
2	L'usine's quaint old building is cool and interesting, comfortable but with a cramped feeling at the same time. The bar is fairly limited, with a few decent beer and wine choices, and the salad bar is good... But I wasn't all that impressed with the "Italian" food, particularly the tomato sauce. Also, our server was distracted and a little too pre-occupied with what I assume is her beau, who was seated at the barMaybe I'm spoiled with all the great Italian food I've had over the years, but my entree here was uninspired and a bit bland. Mama Francesca's home cooking it is not
3	Food atmosphere great; however waiters picked up plates and bottles with out asking .Rushing my enjoyable meal. Rush rush
4	Spaghetti st-Paul was a simple and well executed dish. Nice selection of beers, service was friendly. Oh and it's open in-between the hours of 230pm and 5pm unlike other places.
4	Very affordable spot in Old Montreal - other places nearby I found to be very over-priced. There's a great selection of pasta dishes and a delicious salad bar is also included in the price. Even the bread and garlic butter brought to the table was very tasty! I had a traditional spaghetti dish and it was very filling!
2	Not impressed. Even though wine is very good. Wide selection at a fair price. I was expecting an amazing meal but did not happen. Quickly the place got packed so service got compromised. Salad bar is complementary, lack of choices or quality. I ordered the Chicken parmigiana. You can taste the home tomato sauce being a normal grocery store/ragu brand style like. Also ordered a traditional meat sauce spaghetti (same thing). Not real cheeses either. Tiramisu(just fine) and the half ltr. Masi Red( Lovely!) We dined two for over$80+ tip. Only thing I loved was espresso. Overall not such a good pasta experience. Not keen to go back.
