2	I quite agree with Alice on this one, nothing special here.It's the sort of shop the kids flock to in their masses before the school disco. Thus everyone wears the same outfits, or a derivative thereof.I'm glad Alice mentioned the SLUT dresses - I couldn't have put it better myself.Upon a little bit of research, I found this statement about AB10:'Offering designer fashion for men and women its range of contemporary designer brands includes; Firetrap, Fred Perry, Peter Werth, Ted Baker , Nicole Farhi, Nigel Hall, Penguin, Pringle, John Smedley and Replay. The brand portfolio of the store changes from season to season as trends change and new design companies emerge which ensures AB10 manages to capture that exciting new look.'Come on now, you're only lying to yourself.
3	Stocking a whole host of designer gear the stuff in here isn't exactly cheap but it certainly looks it. The odd item is okay if you're into that kind of stuff but I generally find most of the items a little overpriced.They stock familiar brands such as Fred Perry, Pringle, Firetrap, Pringle, which is great but it's all a little too cool for school for me...
3	I remember with cringing embarrasment, my 3rd year Xmas "dance" at High School, which I only went to because everyone else was going and I hadn't yet embraced my status as a bitter, hateful recluse. I distinctly remember what me and every other oily young Romeo in the hall was wearing that night. Pastel Ben Sherman shirt, god-awful cream jeans, and Rockports or Timberlands. All of this was topped up with half a tub of Brylcreem. The girls were all done up like fish suppers, trying to imitate The Spice Girls but looking far more like drug-ravaged underage prostitutes, which I believe some were. The brands may be different, but if you're planning on hitting puberty in 2010, then this is the place for you.
3	AB10 sells clothing by designers who don't appear to be moving forward from the late 90s. This is probably why previous reviews are tainted with nostalgia, and I too am finding myself looking back in time to when my friends adored their oversized Ben Sherman tops and poured Baby Blue Jeans perfume over themselves.GStar Raw, Firetrap and Pringle are amongst the labels I found in here. There were some clothing lines I was unfamiliar with, but the overall impression was trendy in a polo shirt, collar popped up kind of way. For the ladies, there are neon offerings and hoodies with meaningless messages printed on the front.Not really for me, but certain labels are moving with the times and sticking to the pastel polo shirt trends, and tight fitting G Star jeans with big pockets seem to be all the range just now with a predominantly younger audience.
