2	Have been to this location on occasion, during my single escapade I have become very fond of the double cheeseburger, however at this location there seems to be an issue with the lettuce not being fresh, lines not be handled in the most efficient manner, and the staff being rude. Not sure what gives however I feel compelled to let the Northern Phoenix community know there are better places to "have it your way."
2	Ordered 3 #2's....and all the large fries were put in one bag...but not in a standing way, but it was all thrown together with fries all over the place in bag.  I tried to tell to worker there, and she just turn away, and asked for the  manager and now will help.  This happen  9-19-2011 @4:38pm.  A little professionalism would be nice when it isn't busy.
1	this is by far the worst burger king i have ever been to. the first mistake was when i ordered the brownie icecream and the girl who made it gave it to me burnt. when asked did she know the brownies were burned she said yes and gave them to us to eat anyways. then when i go to the drive thru to make two seperate orders i was told only one order per vehicle allowed. i was like since when is this and why is that. the employees are so lazy and half assed they never do anything right. i would say if you are hungry and need a quick bite to eat do not come here what so ever. it should be closed down and they need to do a massive rehire.
3	2 stars for free wifi that works & one outlet yay!! Place is dirty and your older burger king when given a choice I'd go to the one on Peoria ave next to metro center mall and barnes and noble, love that one clean, new looking, free wifi. I just love their cleanliness I feel like a clean service area = a clean kitchen! This location was dirty, I washed my hands in the bathroom and it was not very clean. They do however have this deal going on pretty amazing! $1 for a small caramel frap, mocha frap and smoothies for $1 dollar yes!! beat the summer heat with a refreshing ice cold drink from BK! lots of parking
1	BK: Are you checking up on your franchise holders? Probably the worst I've ever been to!
