4	Great authentic bakery. Just keep in mind, this place closes when the sun sets and is closed for Sabbath.I highly recommend the large Rugaloch...although the small one's are great too...
2	Everyone told me, "go to Cheskie for the mini croissants!" and so I went.  Perhaps there are other things on the menu better than the mini-croissants, but if you are going there just for mini-croissants, I think you might be disappointed. I was.The place smells divine, but the croissants do not taste fresh.  And there is coating on them that sticks to your mouth.  They are sweet, and the fillings redeem the flavor of the dough, but still -- it is not the ideal croissant experience.
5	best mun (poppyseed) rugalach i have ever tasted.  moist, flaky, and chewy in all the right places.  montreal yids don't mess around!
4	Russian  Chocolate Babka!
5	Cheskie is the place in Montreal for authentic Jewish baked goods. With an undisputed reputation amongst the area's Hasidim - on any given day, the store is brimming with black, white and felt - Cheskie is your one-stop-shop for your sweet kosher fix.Glistening in the window are four different types of rugelach - poppy, cinnamon, jam and chocolate - which seem to accompany most customers out the door. But my tip is to try the larger poppyseed rugelach - or danish - which are an immaculate combination of moist pastry and sweet filling. A poppy fanatic from way back, I believe these danish are the pinnacle of perfect pastry. A little crisp on the outside and decadently moist and chewy on the inside, with light poppy flavour that doesn't leave your stomach in a knot. If you have an eating companion, I dare you to try the full kuchen, a foot-long pastry goddess, her freckled poppy coil resplendent.Many people trumpet the taste of Cheskie's Russian chocolate babka: the blackened, sticky loaves that line the back shelves. Be warned, this is for serious chocolate lovers. Amongst other popular favourites are the cheese danish, lean pastry pockets enclosing a smooth, cheesy centre. For me though, the little cheese and cinnamon scrolls (usually hidden in the dairy shelves or on the back counter) are an epiphany in pastry. Really? Cheese and cinnamon? Try it and you'll see - whoever thought of it is a genius.I've also got some pics on my blog www.thesauceoflife.com to provide some visuals!Enjoy!
4	Poppy seed babka, thurs & fri
4	This is not a French patisserie, don't go here looking for typical buttery Montreal croissants, you can find those elsewhere. Do grab a bag of the fresh little rugalach in chocolate and poppyseed - these are especially awesome little bite-sized buddies for roadtrips. Great cheese danish, lots of special yummy stuff around the high holidays if you are willing to brave the crowds. A tiny spot packed with love and goodness.
5	I wish I could give this place 7 stars but Yelp won't let me. Montreal has an abundance of incredible French pasty places but Cheskie is an authentic Jewish bakery with everything that is buttery, cinnamony and delish. The cinnamon rugelach is to die for as is the chocolate babka. I know my rugelach and I can say that hands down, this is the best one in Montreal, if not the world. I am far too scared to count the calories here, so I usually alter my walk home to avoid this place, but for a treat, Cheskie simply cannot be beat. Just remember it is a Jewish bakery so like Walter in the Big Lebowski, they do not roll on Shabbes!
5	Who goes to Cheskies for a croissant? Have you ever met a Jew before? As a member of the tribe, I am just insulted that you only at a croissant at a classic Jewish bakery, and then gave the place an awful review. If you've never had the babka, you have no right to comment on Cheskies.
5	Simply the best cheese Danish in town, yummy Challah too.
5	Cheskie's is a Jewish bakery, not a typical Montreal patisserie/bakery. I must admit that I don't have much of a point of reference as I don't typically frequent Jewish bakeries. Furthermore I only purchase one item a Cheskie's and I don't even know what it's real name is. I call it the 'Chocolate Bomb'. They sit in a big tray on the back counter and I think that there is a second flavour, caramel or cinnamon or some such thing. I did try that once and it is not as good as the chocolate. Yes there are many other items at Checkie's that look very tasty and each time I head over there I think to my self 'I'll give something new a try today'. Then I see my 'Chocolate Bomb' and I can't take my eyes off of it. I start thinking about how wonderfully packed full of chocolate it is and how the dough is so sweet and moist and how every bite will just melt in your mouth. Before I know it, I've ordered the 'Chocolate Bomb' and again not given something else a try.
5	This bakery is around the corner from me which is great for my taste buds and not so great for my calorie intake... Lots of specialties here (pay attention to what other people order!) My favourite hands down is their chocolate Russian Babka which sits on a metal tray behind the counter and will blow your mind, even if you're not a big pastry person. Extremely thin layers of pastry and chocolate with a hint of cinnamon- get them hot and they will melt in your mouth. (Also comes in cinnamon or cheese) cheskie's is open late, and even later in the summer (11pm). Closed Friday after sundown for the Sabbath and all of Saturday. Quick tip: The Challah is made on Thursday  mornings only.
5	I really love this place. I almost always get one of the small chocolate babkas although I've had the cheese ones as well and they too are delish and a lot less rich but still just as tasty. I think it is a fun place to visit when you are in the Mile End and to take visitors to... all my friends/fam that I've brought here have really enjoyed it!
5	Rich and creamy pastry, I love this place, gives me back my memories of travel in Europe, thank you guys!
5	Basically every pastry I've had here is great: cheese danish, rugala, cookies. They are open until 11pm, which is a major plus.
3	Cheese crowns underwhelmed me, but the slice of babka was very good. Didn't live up to the hype, but I'll give it another shot next time I'm in the area.
5	Great Jewish bakery! It's a great place to get bread, dessert, and other goodies. I've lived in Israel and found it to be quite authentic. I highly recommend it.
5	Ice-cream and baked goods. Love. Fantastic baked goods, fresh and home-made with love
5	I highly recommend the mini crowns! I've been enjoying them for years and they make a nice treat when visiting someone!The bigger crowns are also good however the mini ones have a better dough to filling ratio.
5	The chocolate and cinnamon babkas, both big and small, are spectacular. Those alone are worth a visit..or 10
4	The act of display came in two-fold; as patries excused of dairy had a large push being shown in the prime glass counter, while the likes of cheese cakes are left consigned in the fridge. Always a crowd but the line moves quickly. I had the custard mille-feuille. All the right adjectives: flaky, creamy, dense filling.
5	For my last meal on earth, I'd cut myself a huge chunk of Cheskie's chocolate babka for dessert. And possibly for the main course too. In fact, I'd eat these bad boys every day of the week if only I had adequate dental insurance and if Cheskie's were to open on Saturdays. They are amazingly moist and the amount of chocolate lacing through the dough is serious business. My other favourite is their cheese pastry which is shaped like a flower. It's not as sweet as the chocolate babkas, but just as comforting. Perhaps I'd have that for my second last dessert on earth.
5	The real Jewish deal. Cheesecake is super authentic, shortbread is nice and not super buttery like the Scottish kind. Local Yiddish families flock here to pick up breads and sweets which is a sign of a winner. Everyone likes to be a winner. So don't be a loser, see you at Cheskie ;)
5	I never understood the idea of Jews being the chosen people until I discovered Cheskie's. You can taste the favour of God in the babka.
