5	I had my Nissan tinted last week, Ryan did an outstanding job. The back window was previously tinted and he took the extra time to do the job right which is something I always appreciate.Also, there is a lifetime guarantee on the tint, well worth the money.Tell them Judd sent you!
5	thanks so much for another great job. chris has been doin cars for me and my family for years and its always a great job!!! they charge a fair price i think,not the cheapest but they or chris gets the job done right. i recommend las vegas auto tint 5 stars over!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Frank and his staff are really know their stuff when it comes to Window Tinting and they have a wide variety of colors and styles to choose from. I had them tint both my house and my office, both having west facing windows which take on alot of sun and heat. They did a great job, didn't even need to be present during the install. I would highly recommend Las Vegas Window Tinting
5	If you are looking for a wonderful company to work with this is the one.  They are honest and fair and will get the job done.  The  work will be of the highest quality.  I would recommend this company to anyone.
5	Las Vegas Window Tinting installed window tint that included an anti-graffiti film on the storefront windows for my downtown business.  They did an amazing job, were always so pleasant to deal with and offered competitive pricing.  As a designer, I have since referred them to my clients that needed window tint on their homes and all of my clients have been extremely happy with their services.  Can't say enough good things about them!
5	I've had a few cars tinted with these guys. ALWAYS a great job and very professional. Highly suggested!!!
5	Very professional, they got the job done quickly and for a great price. There's plenty of places to go in Vegas and I've been to a few other ones but this place has gained my confidence. Shane was an awesome help and I'm glad I checked help before choosing wich place to get a tint. Btw I took 3 of my kids and they have a habit of complaining, but today I didn't hear a peep. Great job guys thanks
5	If your looking for window tint I definitely recommend this place! Im from San Diego and had a hard time finding a place down there luckily I have family that live up here so what better way to get my navigator tinted for a great price!  Shane and his crew were very professional and made me feel at home! The quality is amazing and they have different ones to choose from so it's not like you have one choice... Look for pics of my navigator and it speaks for itself!!! Thank you Shane and LV tinting
5	So I called around a couple place to get a price quote for tinting my lunchbox (my car). This was the first place that sounded reasonably price so I booked an appointment same day to have all my windows tinted. Las Vegas Window Tinting is a hidden off of Cameron and Russel. They have a main door on the north side where the check in desk is but everything happens in the back by the garage. I walked in a few minutes late but they were still happy to help me. The clerk walked with me out to my car to show me the different option they had, they offer the limo tint for the back and the legal tints for the front as well as a medium if your feeling lucky. He had me look at each on my car to see which one looked better. I decided to go with the medium up front and limo in all the back. We then went inside and he let me know it would be about 2 hours. He offer for me to hang out in back with them or go out and grab food. I decided to just hang out. So after posting a couple reviews and playing some candy crush, an hour and a half had past and my car was ready. Ready early?! I'll take it. I went up to the clerk to pay for the tinting and he went through the procedures and policy with me. They have a no question asked policy were they will replace your tint if it's scratched or damage. I thought that was cool. in the end I payed about $194 for all my windows to be done and they look awesome and my car feels cooler.
5	Thank you Las Vegas window tint. They did my dodge Van today. They did a great job of tinting the window. They were very clean inside my van too. The girls in the office were very nice and pleasant to talk with. All in all great team and awesome job. Now my son Rylan is happy in his car seat.
5	Anyone who wants good quality tint(Huper Optik- Nano Ceramic) that is fairly priced then this is the perfect place for you.. They're very professional, and Shane is one of the best, calm and very patient person you'll ever encounter, he would also go out of his way just to make sure you get the best price and service you could possibly have for your car.. Oh btw, shane also does price matching, talk to him and he'll gladly work it out with you..
5	LV Window tinting did an amazing job on two of my cars for a great price. They are professional and talented. Their location is clean and makes you feel comfortable, unlike so many shady looking tint places in Vegas.Thanks,  I highly recommend!
4	They did a very great job to my car. They are very professional and have very reasonable prices. Will definitely give them al call for all my tinting services that I need to get done.
5	Great service, good people and an awesome deal. Best price in Vegas and they added military discount. They worked around my schedule since i had to drive back to Cali. My BMW looks and feels great with the SunTek CXP. First class overall!
