3	The prices are great for the location! The security is pretty tight. You cannot go anywhere without your FOB card. You need it to park in the garage, get onto the elevator, get into the building, etc. Unlike other apartments, there is no system to call the tenant and be buzzed in. If you invite friends over, or order food - you are taking a hike downstairs. Parking is strictly enforced. You have to get parking passes for guests otherwise they will be towed or booted. So far I like living here. The maintenance has come within 24 hours of my initial call. My only complaint is the dumpster in the parking garage. It completely overflows every weekend and there is trash all over! The thermostats are also really old so you can't keep close track of the temperature - they are not digital. The other two cons that we knew of before we moved in are : no pool, and no microwave (you have to purchase your own). However, for what we pay, we still felt it was worth it! Update 10/15/10 - The complex has stopped accepting credit and debit cards for payment. Thus, we can no longer pay online. This is a complete disappointment and inconvenience. It is sad to see that this complex has regressed as technology has progressed. Yay to having to drop off checks or money orders. NOT. Recently, our FOB cards were randomly deactivated. Both my roommate and I were completely locked out of the building. The office was closed and it was after dark. My roommate called the emergency number and did not get a phone call back for over 15 minutes. She was told that there was nothing that could be done and she and I would have to visit the office during normal business hours. When I visited the office they appeared dumbfounded. I also learned that there is no system in place in the event that your FOB card stops working. It's called you're S.O.L. I've decreased my rating to 3 stars from my original 4.
1	THE WORST APARTMENT COMPLEX IN THE HISTORY OF CHARLOTTE, THIS IS WORSE THEN THE TRYON HOUSE! The manager on site is NEVER ON PROPERTY, SHE IS ALWAYS "WORKING FROM HOME" , This is run by a company called HALLKEEN, there a management property from the Boston Area, the reason they have so many problems is because " we have over 20 years of experience in real estate management and currently manage over 6000 units of housing" , sorry you guys don't do a good job at what you do...if you did you would have fixed the countless problems this complex has been blessed with....I had been here for over 2 years, I moved in because of the special they had running. Had I known then what I know now, I would have never entertained the thought of living here. Now I am a busy person, I travel on the road for my work. So I am not always here to see what is happening, but these past few months have been horrendous from why my neighbors have been saying, The management staff here is very SHADDY, they make up lies and stories that are false against those who retaliate against them. Also the Buildings where not build correctly, so if you live on the 1, 2, 3 floors of this building, you will know what I am talking about, the sound is very loud from people walking above you, that is due to it's poor construction, When I moved in here, it was very professional like, mostly bankers, younger professional types, then they started allowing EVERYONE in, and then, the nasty garbage everywhere, and people with there pets peeing and defecating on the property, and no one cleans it up! One of my neighbors had a bad roommate situation, and he pleaded for help from the Office, they ignored his request and made apparently a false accusation against this neighbor, who always complains about the bad things happening in the complex, from what I heard, was that if he entered there office, they would call the sheriff on him! This neighbor is one of the most generous, caring and honest men I have ever had the honor to meet, he just does not put up with garbage, and I agree with him! This is how they treat the neighbors who "COMPLAIN" ? You would think that this would be welcome, but the reason why they wanted to shut him up is because he was telling on them because of the stupid things they where allowing to happen in this place. This is called retaliation anyway you look at it...They retaliated against a good neighbor, from what I know he has never had loud parties and hates loud noises, and they made up some bullshit that he did! If a neighbor saw drug deals happening in the parking lot, or whatever, I would want to know, I am a parent and I don't want my kids around these types of influences that 1005 W Trade seems to attract, this place gets special vouchers from Low income families to move in here, so this is essentially a "Project" housing mixed with people who pay 900 a month or more next to people who are paying 100.00 dollars, that is like mixing oil with water, they don't mix...The management here now is locking their doors during business hours as to NOT ALLOW us who have to see them for parking passes etc to get them. This place is being run by a criminal syndicate and this is the opinion of many residents who are all looking to move! , what other reason is there? Very poor management, from Tracy, to Ally and whatever minions seem to be under them,All new people moving to Charlotte and locals, before you move here, TALK TO THE PEOPLE THAT LIVE HERE, get the facts, don't take my word, ask around and you will see that looks can be deceiving! This complex is so bad, they have a policeman that lives here on site! This was not the case when I moved in, that is bad when he parks his car where everyone can see it! Don't believe me, come on by...But buyer beware!Oh and to answer your question, why am I here, shit, I moved out of that place already, but I still am in contact with my few good neighbors who are left, and they are terrified of these people, I am not, screw you 1005 your games are up...
2	Update 5/24/11.  I've decided to remove a star.  Since the transition with the new management, things have consistently gone down hill.  Here are a few highlights:1) While most people were away over Christmas, management decided to send a letter out (dated December 22) letting tennants know they could no longer pay online.  I was in NY until January.  I found out by my payment NOT going through that there was a change.  I was then charged a $45 late fee and had to bring in a bank certified check.  WOW.2) Main office no longer picks up the phone.  Calls are routed to a 24 hour call center who cannot help you with anything other than taking messages.3) Main office CLOSES during business hours.  They will put the sign up saying they will return at a certain time - while they are SITTING IN THERE doing paperwork.  I was so annoyed I demanded someone speak with me.  I specifically asked to change the sign to open and the response was "No, please leave it like that."4) Instead of providing us with parking passes when needed, management has decided to issue 3 passes per month (they are a thick paper which are easily teared).  There are 2 people living in my apartment so there have been many Fri/Sat nights where we have more than 3 people in total coming to visit.  When I asked for additional passes I was told to tell my visitors to park in the street.  Please note that there are NO problems with parking spaces.  I could understand if things were tight and needed to be controlled but in the almost year I've been here there has never been a day where the lots were full to capacity (or even close).
1	I would never rent from this complex ever! I work for WF and I was denied an apartment right away after paying for an application fee.  The reason was because of a traffic ticket. When I called the management company for a refund, they advised me that someone would call me.  I had to call back again for the Hallkeen Mgmnt Co to contact Ten 05 again for someone to call me back.  The manager at Ten05 advised me that she called.  I have NO missed calls or voicemails.  She then proceeded to tell me I was denied for reasons she can't explain and she would love to override the errors and lease me a new unit but not refund me my money after I already leased an apartment elsewhere and was FULLY approved!!!  I also had to pull my own records and research with their IT company who said that the reason I was denied was due to a traffic ticket that wasn't even showing on my record in the first place.  Then they told me it was for my credit, which is BS because I was approved for a mortgage.  DO NOT LEASE FROM THIS APARTMENT COMPLEX!!! Waste of time and money!
2	I don't live there, but my friends do. They pay way too much compared to what they are getting. The smell is horrible depending what floor you are on and it is full of college students. You have to prepare yourself prior to living an atmosphere like that. The only positive thing is the location to uptown. It is very convenient.
1	The greatest thing about the Ten05 is its location to uptown. It is only a few blocks from the epicenter. The trouble I have gone through is the rude leasing staff. We would go in to pay or pick up a package that we didn't even know we had because they would not give us a slip in our box notify us until we had to complain. Next was the bug infestation that happens on the top floor... Every week we have to request them to spray every Thursday. I do not like coming home from work and seeing things crawling above my head. Maybe if the staff would just try and work with us on wanting to be bug free and notified when we have a package instead of being rude every time we walk into the office. Just do your job!
1	I recently relocated to Charlotte from Pennsylvania to attend law school and thought this may be a good complex; it's in the city, close to tons of venues and the pricing was agreeable. The pricing is not what is advertised on line and the staff is NOT knowledgeable nor do they answer the phones if calling to get directions. When asked for an alternative number or why they did not answer no reason was given! The woman at the front desk is unprofessional and will mention terms like lower rates for "tax credit" I'm not sure what that is and neither was she which makes it even worse. Based on this I DO NOT WANT TO LIVE HERE nor is this recommended. This first impression is certainly a lasting one.
