3	decent.  the potstickers were kind of good.  I didn't really know what to expect.  it met my expectation.  the lychee pork was good and deserved the second helping.  the selection was impressive.  and the stuffed mushrooms had an interesting stuffing.  spam, was it?  some sort of sausage or other processed meat that made it quite a delightful surprise.
2	I'll admit from the get go, I understand  Chinese buffets are not where one would go for gourmet chinese but this place wasn't even really GOOD.The selection was seemingly okay, hardly any vegetable or vegetarian options (actually outside of desserts, green beans and some fruit I don't think there was any).  They advertised sushi(which I rarely venture beyond a California roll at most buffets) but the closest thing to sushi was cooked mussels on a half shell  or shrimp on ice.All in all as far as food goes it wasn't even in the realm of "good".  My husband had some Orange Chicken and claimed it was bland and nothing orange about it.  Most of the meat was fatty and blah flavored.  I was okay with the food at first b/c they had green beans, I could eat plates full of green beans normally.  These were wrinkled and withered looking but I marched on...truly wish I hadn't!  They were more like bark covered twigs pretending to be green beans!For the good: they seated us promptly, got us drinks and made sure they were full the whole time, place seemed clean enough.  Although I can't attest for the bathrooms since we never used them.
1	Never again!   My wife talked me into trying it while we were getting the oil changed and the truck washed across the street.  I told her that I had a bad feeling about it before we walked in.  So, in we walked and sat in a booth.  I started for the buffet and grabbed a plate.  The under side of the plate was not clean.  It had a gritty feeling like it was not totally clean but I tried to put that aside and just keep a open mind.  The buffet was lacking in a lot of ways.  I was not impressed but did not say anything to my wife.  She went to the buffet and returned with a plate full of food.  I took a bite of the Broccoli and Beef and it had a "different taste" but I didnt say anythng.   I decided right then that I would not be returning for anymore food and that I really wanted to go somewhere else for lunch.  My wife told me a few minutes later that she was sorry for making go here for lunch.  The food was horrible!!!!!  It was a really bad experience.  I returned to the office and made a frozen dinner to eat which was MUCH BETTER than lunch at the Bamboo Buffet.   Yuck!!!  I will never return again!!!
