3	I stayed here for graduation in early May and some of my family stayed here as well. Since my boyfriend and I arrived before everyone else we were fine with the room we were given - full kitchen, adequate space, nice layout - until we saw what my stepfathers room looked like! He was paying the same price (yelp escapes 50% off) and his room was spectacular!! All new furniture, huge flatscreen, brand new bedding! Why did we get the room with the tiny old school tv and mis-matching bedding and pay the same price!? They were renovating the units next to ours and bringing in new furniture and Tvs while we were there, and they could not have fixed ours before we got there!? That being said, the resort was adequate, it was nice; but it DOES NOT LOOK ANYTHING LIKE IT LOOKS ON THE WEBSITE! The pool area is smaller and there is no lounge area (that we saw) and there is still renovations going on. Also, it is an old apartment complex, so don't be surprised when you pull up!
3	I found El Dorado on Groupon for a special that was offered for $60 for a one bedroom suite. I looked up the hotel online was very impressed! I called to schedule my reservation and spoke with very polite staff. When we got there, we pulled up to a complex that was under obvious renovation. I admit, I was concerned as to what the inside would look like. Our room was very nice however! Everything seemed brand new and even smelled of fresh paint. Our suite had a full kitchen, and the living room had a flat screen tv. I was very impressed with the decor. I wish that there was a travel hair dryer in the bathroom and some single serve coffee packets that you find at most hotels. The only issue I had was that there was no mat in the bathtub to prevent slips, and I nearly lost my footing! Aside from that, I had a very pleasant stay at El Dorado.
4	I was here a few months back for a good friends birthday party. Its a pretty unique property. It is an old apartment complex that has been renovated into a hotel with ultra modern "miami like" feel. Rates are good and location relative to downtown is not bad either.
2	Confused.  If I were to sum up my experience at El Dorado in one word, it would be "confused".  There were aspects that could be great:  rooms are large with 2 bedrooms and 2 baths and a kitchen that would be great if you had a group and were trying to save money.  But they weren't nice rooms.  Older carpet, old CRT television, saran-wrap shower curtains and every single interior door that would swing to a half-open half-closed position.  The plumbing makes weird noises.  This place used to be an apartment complex.  They were "my-first-place-after-college" sort of apartments when you had low expectations.  Apparently, someone decided that they would make a lot more money converting it into a boutique, vintage feeling hotel.  But I think they ran out of money or inspiration after finishing the lobby and pool.Speaking of which, the pool was very nice.  I was the only person in it on the evening I arrived and it's very warm (~85 degrees).  When I was walking from my room to the pool, one of the hotel staff stopped me and asked me to use a pool towel instead of a room towel.  I returned by towel back to the room and then followed the staffer downstairs.  And then she realized she didn't have any keys and couldn't get a towel for me.  But just go to the pool and I'll bring you one, she said.  After that her phone starting ringing and she was running harriedly around the hotel grounds.  Which was confusing because there was no one checking in and no one else as the pool.  20 minutes later I received a pool towel.  I won't repeat.
5	The El Dorado was probably the best part about our stay in Scottsdale. We were there for spring training but ended up spending a lot of our time relaxing by the pool and playing bocce ball. The town of Scottsdale did not quite charm us the way we were hoping, but we were happy as clams just hanging out at this lovely place!The pros:Nice pool and jacuzziTwo huge gas grillsMultiple outdoor lounge options - chaises, cabanas, retro chairs, sofasGreat bocce/croquet areaBoard games (though the trivial pursuit was from 1998)Good size room (we had the frank Sinatra suite) with fully equipped kitchenFriendly staffBikesFamily friendly but also seems like a good place for a group of friends or a romantic weekendWithin walking distance to downtown and trolley, and of course the Scottsdale arenaThe cons:Parking is located behind the building, at first a bit tricky to findBathroom and kitchen fixtures a bit old school - garbage disposal is not industrial grade ... we learned the hard way
5	Amazing. Loved our experience. Both Leo and Amanda were great. Read the reviews and read between the lines. If you want a four season resort, you're not going to get it here. What you do get is an an amazing boutique hotel with great service for the amount of money you are paying. We will be back...
3	This place is interesting. For the most part I really liked it here, and would totally stay again under the same circumstances I stayed here this past time (I'll get to what I mean by that). However there were a couple of issues I did have (one of which was eventually smoothed over).My birthday fell on a Saturday this year so I decided why not take advantage of the cheap summer rates at AZ hotels and have a "pool day" in Scottsdale before heading out for the night. When I say "circumstances" under which I would stay here again, this is what I mean. I think this is a great option for locals looking to do a night or two in Old Town. This place is a lot cheaper than the other hotels in the area (and yes, it should be) & basically if all you care about is a decent room & really nice pool area you're set. However, I DO think if you're someone from out of town (or I guess even local) & you're looking for a multi-night stay at a "resort," thinking you're getting a steal here I think you'll be disappointed.  The fact that this place doesn't have all that much to offer guests other than rooms & a pool actually works to its advantage. Basically, you can do & bring whatever you want to the pool (okay, within reason obviously, but you get my point). Everyone here (including our group), brought our own big coolers full of beer & other alcohol and it was totally cool. They have a few nice cabana areas set up (first come, first serve), plenty of lounge chairs, and a couple of gas grills set up for guests to use if you want to bring your own stuff to grill (all of the rooms have full kitchens as well). Oh yeah, there' s a peacock as well. The day we were here there was a mixture of families, youngish people partying (our group was set up in a big cabana next to another group with a guy doing a one day/night thing for his birthday as well), and a even a slightly older crowd living it up & having a good time. I really liked the freedom of doing whatever I wanted compared to other Old Town resorts on a Saturday. No organized pool parties with fees for guests, BYOB, grills to bring your own food, AND a nice pool? Yeah, I'll take it. Now as far as the rooms go, at the end of the day I was okay w/everything, but my feelings were kind of mixed. I was able to get a good deal on a two-room "luxury" suite through Travelocity. I thought the living room/dining room/kitchen were nice enough. The furniture & decor was kind of minimal, but everything was nice & I liked the wood floors.  I really liked that there was a full kitchen (including stocked w/kitchenware). However, I'm not sure how "luxury" the bedrooms were. One was still carpeted (I was told all the "luxury" suites were fully wood-floored), and in the other one the closet door was kind of loose & about to fall of tract. There was also no drawer space in either room. For us this was fine, but if you're planning on staying here a few days this could be an annoyance. This was not one of the luxury suites shown on the El Dorado's website so I do have a feeling the other ones are probably a bit nicer. It's my understanding that both the "traditional" & "luxury" suites have the same set-ups for one & two bedrooms so the fact the this place has this distinction tells me the traditional suites might not be all that nice (and it sounds that way from the reviews). I should also point out this place doesn't have an elevator. Our room was on the second floor, which made transporting stuff down to the pool a little annoying. I should also mention I had a little snafu with my payment. I booked the room through Travelocity, so when I booked it I paid. However, when I got to the hotel to check-in they asked for my credit card (honestly, I should have questioned why since I had already paid) and discovered after checking out I was charged again (and a different amount, which confused me even more). I contacted the El Dorado immediately & they were very apologetic. The matter was resolved within a couple days. It was kind of an annoyance that it happened, but I can't complain about how things were handled. Oh, and speaking of the check-in...this place has a pretty minimal staff so things can move a bit slow.All in all I think this place is kind of a hidden gem in Old Town depending on what your expectations are & how you plan on using it (if that makes sense). If you're not looking for a "total" resort experience & just want a nice pool area and a room that's nice enough, but mostly a place to get ready in & then come back to and in sleep in after going out in Old Town you should be satisfied.
3	We stayed here on recommendation of a friend, for Spring Training.  We are a family of 4 that wanted to be walking distance to the Giants Stadium.  The hotel definitely has the Palm Spring, chic factor!  I loved the decor, outside and in our 2 bedroom apartment.  We, however, were there strictly for Spring Training and virtually gone all day.  We didn't get to use the beach cruisers or the pool or lounge area by the pool, but it looked super relaxing.  My complaint: Thin Walls and it's Party Central!  My friend, who recommended this place to us, is single and had a fabulous life!  Although we have a fabulous life too, we aren't single.  We have two kids and were extremely tired after being in the sun all day at games, and we just wanted to sleep! So, next year, although I loved the location and the amenities,  I'm going to have to stay somewhere else.Def recommend this spot if you're single, going for a girls or boys weekend, etc.
1	No stars for this hotel. I had booked through Priceline 6 months ago and called to confirm they had received my reservation about 2 months before I'd be there, but on THE DAY I was supposed to check in, around noon, I received a call from the manager stating they could not accommodate me and that I needed to find somewhere else to stay. They hardly did a thing to fix the issue, same for priceline, so after hours on the phone between the 2 companies, I had nothing. It was a horrible day, not to mention this all could have been avoided had either company known how to provide proper customer service. I will never stay at this hotel since they obviously overbook then throw whomever out. They tried to tell me they never received my reservation, but I know they did because I called 2 months in advance and was even told what room I'd be in. Priceline also told me they faxed it over, twice! So even worse,  it seems as if they lost the truth somewhere along the way...
2	It's not a resort. It's an apartment complex that's been turned into a motel. Also, NO air conditioning during our stay. We were here in February so outside it was a nice cool 60 but inside the room it must have been a little over 80. I asked about air conditioning and was told that there was none and that only hot air came out if you tried turning it on. Unfortunately I found this out AFTER I tried turning the air on "cool" as the thermostat said. Friendly staff but the warm room made it very uncomfortable.
2	The owner and manager are absolutely obnoxious. The owner has private little parties in the pool area (very annoying because guests can't really gather there or would get yelled at) and the manager seems to have no idea what he's doing.The rate range from really cheap per what app/site you go through to insanely pricey especially for that area. They have so many different rates depending on it's remodel status and specials and just because it seems. Most guests actually kind of live there which is apparently illegal because at one moment there were these people monitoring the out of state license plates.The rooms they show on the site / for review are the nicest because they're very artsy, however most of the rooms aren't very nice, old school kitchens and appliances, they think they're being charming - they're not. There's only a couple employees and like one maid? Way too much for a few staff to handle. Sometimes drunks come through in that Scottsdale area so there can be a lot of noise or none at all as it is tucked away.The grounds have trees with rotting fruit that attracts flies, bugs and I think I overheard "roaches" (didn't see any, but gross!), they don't clean up enough which I don't blame because they don't seem organized. NOT a resort, NOT a bed and breakfast, just an overpriced, over glorified crash pad.
4	If you're looking for a boutique hotel, this is great. It's not a "resort," though; It's a converted apartment complex. Very Melrose Place. There are only 30 rooms, 2 stories, with a courtyard as the central focal point. One pool. One spa. It's quaint. There are pros and cons to this. You get to know your neighbors well, for better or worse. We came for spring training so there were groups of guys staying here. I was the only chick in the building, it seemed. So I felt really uncomfortable going in the spa with 10 dudes in there. For reasons like this, a bigger hotel may be better, but depends what you're looking for.The design is really cool. Palm Springs mid-century modern style. You'll get some cool pictures. One bit of advice:Don't book a "luxury suite." The floorplan of every room seems just about the same. The finishings are just slightly different. We had a "luxury suite" and it was not much different than our friends' regular room...but the price was double. WEIRD.Random facts about the rooms:-There's a full kitchen with fridge (convenient for beer, water, whatever)-The showerhead is suitable for someone 7-feet tall. Seriously-There is no TV in the bedroom; just in the main roomIt's pretty loud because it's so intimate and people tend to hang out in the courtyard until pretty late. Earplugs worked for me. Even though you can hear what's going on outside, you can't hear anything going on in other rooms. The walls are brick--nice.Our room did have AC.I kept thinking it would be fun to rent out the whole place for a bachelor/bachelorette party, or even a wedding. Definitely good for groups.We walked into downtown Scottsdale--just about a mile or so. A cab ride would be cheap too.I'd come back here. Oh, we came during spring training, so I'm sure prices were jacked up for that.
3	We loved so many things about this hotel but there were some mitigating factors.main problem was terribly loud ac in our room that woke us up all night whenever it came on.second didnt dig the loud people in courtyard..we waited until 11 pm before we became unhappy about that due to early flight out.what we loved though was nice staff gorgeous pool area with cool retro vibe comfortable bed type cabana furniture.we loved phil the property peacock and we really loved riding the bikes around scottsdale.The location is terrific and its a nice change from box hotels on highways which ive sworn never to spend my money on again.
2	Not a fan for many reasons. The toilet was dirty, the pillow cases had hair all over them, and they have a live peacock living in a small cage on the property, the cage is not big enough for him to show his beautiful feathers. There is no tv in the bedroom either. I am giving it 2 stars because it was a roof over my head, that's it!
1	Well I booked a suite online, gave my credit card, did everything I was supposed to do on my end of the deal and started planning the rest of my trip.  Later they call and cancel the reservation, no apology, nothing. Just simply oversold the hotel and I can go kick rocks now.  Hows that for service? Worst hotel in Scottsdale, it certainly seems so.  Go ahead a make a reservation, I dare you, just don't count on it working out until you're actually in the room.
5	Leo and the entire staff were incredible! Beautiful room options, each with unique interiors. Had a full kitchen, living room and dining area--would be great for extended stays or if you're like us, staycations :) The pool is surrounded by huge cabanas in a gorgeous courtyard where you can hang with their mascot, Phil, a stunning peacock roaming the area. Thank you guys for such an amazing time!
5	When I walked in I thought I was in 1950's LA, very old school retro. The property is well kept and the rooms where huge. Pool was very clean and the courtyard was a great hang out. The best part was the staff was very helpful and accommodating, there wasn't much they didn't have or couldn't do. Definitely a must stay again, best kept secret in Scottsdale.
4	We were due for a overnight staycation and were debating whether or not to go to our solid standby, the Clarendon, or try something new.  Had looked over El Dorado before and it looked super promising, so figured it was time to give it a try.Super glad we did!  We bought a Living Social deal and did a middle of the week stay. Almost had the place to ourselves! Two good size families with kids rotated out of the pool, but we were able to enjoy ourselves.  Not that we don't like kids, we just prefer to have a much more adult/kid free environment when we are staycationing it! :)The reviews about the property having a Palm Springs vibe are spot on.  This place has lots of charm, character and feels very retro.  However, it is not The Valley Ho and it is not trying to be.  While the place and the owners do a great job at making the place look great for its age, it is still an older property in an older pocket of Old Town.  Don't think you can get a much better experience, or stay, for the price!The staff were super friendly, accommodating, and worked to make our stay a pleasant one.  The single room suite we reserved wasn't available due to some AC issues, so they upgraded us to a two room suite.  Loved it! We will be back!  Might try a weekend stay next time.  Looks like they might have a DJ on weekends.Just a couple highlights and tips:1. The rooms have fully stocked kitchens, so bring your food and drinks and enjoy hanging out, relaxing, or even partying!2.  Come here with a group of friends and do a mini take over. BBQ grills, outdoor TVs, plenty of lounging areas in the sun and in the shade.  No need to pay for cabanas!3. Phil the Peacock roams the grounds at night...he greeted us at our door when we came out for a evening swim!  Very cool.4. One of the nicest Circle K's is less than a 1/2 away5. Burned up our $20 credit at the "'bar". It has chips and small vending type food, but a pretty well stocked selection of wine and beer6.  They will keep you well stocked with ice and there is a water cooler just outside the office.  No need to haul a case of water to your room!7. Wish I would have brought my audio jack cable to plug in my ipod....or brought a bluetooth speaker! They had a small docking station, but I couldn't get it to work.
4	Really cute retro themed hotel. Not over the top but tasteful 60's cues throughout. Nice pool area with covered seating and flat screens. Outdoor couches and funky style chairs. Of course lounge chairs for laying out as well. Trendy spa like music plays throughout the grounds. Not loud, just enough to create an atmosphere. The room we stayed in was a 2 bedroom upgraded suite. If your into having a tasteful retro weekend or have fond memories of growing up in this era you'll like the rooms. Clean bedding, acceptable bed. Front lobby was nice and welcoming as well.
