3	Burlington Bertie's is half to blame for one of the most hilarious job interviews I've ever had in my life. I won't say much, but it involved a boat, a stow away, a friend who looked like she'd had half her face scraped along a brick wall and puffins. Burlington Bertie's was to blame because it made drunk and made the hangover the next day quite fantastical. I hear, from friends who've lived here their whole lives, that Bertie's used to be real cozy inside with theatre posters lining the walls. The atmosphere used to be really awesome, they claim. But then it became a football pub. And it's always kinda sad when that kind of thing happens. We're all hopeless and have trouble not staring at the fast and colourful moving objects on screen. We're only human.Burlington Bertie's wins points for its name, but not for much else (I'm sure their regulars would appreciate that). I'd say it's the epitome of an old man's pub. And the woman who works there could stare you down into a groveling mess, so if you do decide to go, order quickly and order simply. Or be prepared for the death stare of your life.
4	Burlington Bertie is one of my local pubs which if not quite vibrant has at the least what I would call a bubbly atmosphere.  By this I mean that it is usually fairly busy with a good vibe to it.On big matches it can get quite full in here, but so long as you're happy standing it's easy enough to see the screen so that isn't much of a worry.It's main even is a free pub quiz on Monday nights at about 8pm which is worth checking out especially as there are usually prizes to be won.  A good local pub.
2	I used to live literally right above it and would pop in from time to time. Its a strange pub..It's very dark and old school in terms of decor and drink choice but it does have a very good jukebox although it's a lottery if your song actually plays.The bar staff were never friendly or very happy looking but maybe that's just me, I have one of those faces. In fact, one time I popped down stairs to take a couple of bottles back up when I noticed one of the bottles had a strange white liquid in itI went back down stairs with the bottle and asked for another one. The barmaid (I think she's the manager) just grunted and accused me of putting this strange white stuff in there myself!Even though I had been in there quite a lot, she didnt believe me and thought I was being a chancer and so I left empty handed.Harrumph!
4	I really recommend checking this out if you've not been here. It used to be (sorry) a total dive - but in a good way. It often opens until 3am and the quality of drunk you get in here is something else. However I popped in last night around 11 for a quiet pint and was rewarded with new upholstery but the same old jukebox which plays some fantastic tracks. Good beers, friendly staff, cracking regulars, and I imagine that if you stay late there will be some quality drunks there too! NOTE: Avoid if there is sport on.
3	On a side street just off Tollcross and close to the King's Theatre, Burlington Bertie's is a straight up simple pub. Stocking a couple of ales and the usual other draft beers there is nothing terribly special about Bertie's, it simply serves a decent pint to those who want one.Spirit selection is limited, but not the worst there are at least a couple of choices of gin/rum/vodka/whisky, food is in the form of crisps or nuts and there is a jukebox which has a reasonable selection of mainstream tunes, a classic pub essentially.The toilets are a little odd, essentially just a male and female toilet, so occasionally there is a queue of sorts. Finally as others have said, best avoided around the time of a football match.So a good pub that is fairly central, not without it's down points, but in no way bad.
3	Just like the previous reviewers I like this place, but it is a straight forward bar - has booze, has crisps, jukebox etc. but thats it really. It has its charms I guess and the staff have always been friendly and helpful, but keep feeling like it would benefit from a better booze selection and some updates. Functional and quirky... it wouldnt be a regular place to visit but I do enjoy a visit on occassion.
4	Berties!  Like your favourite big cosy jumper that's covered in bobbles but your too attached to to throw it away.  That's the feeling I get when I enter Berties.  It's a familiar friend. Has a homely feel, like you are walking into someones living room, mainly because the pub consists of two smallish rooms. One lined with banquet seating and the other with the bar and some seating.  It's got a old-man pub style but the clientele are generally young and musios due to probably having the best juke box in town!  Location is pretty central and close to the Kings theatre.  There is a good range of ales and the staff are friendly and there always a good crowd of people here.
4	A fine little pub tucked away on a quiet street, Bertie's a bar that is full of locals and regulars. Don't let this put you off though, they're a welcoming bunch!The pub has a decent selection and plenty of tv's so when there's a match on, everyone is catered for!  While it's not the biggest or flashiest pub,  it does have a little charm to it. It does tend to fill up quite quickly when there's a game on and during the summer evenings as it's popular with the cricket playing folks who pop in for a post game pint after a session in the Meadows.
3	This dive bar is nearly what you expect- old grungy locals, some characters, some lovely bar staff mixed with some bitter staff, a jukebox, and a little gambling machine. Where it fails is that it's expensive! And I mean, I was shocked. I've been to decent palaces that were cheaper than this smoky hole in the wall. It's on a lonely street, which feels slightly dangerous at night, since it's all residential around here.  Sorry cuz, I won't be going back. If I want a dive, I'll go to a proper cheap one.
