2	I'd like to preface this review by saying that a rating of 2 stars is based on service and service only. The food I had at this bakery was quite good, but the lady serving ruined my experience. I don't expect mile wide smiles everywhere I go - but at least neutrality is a must. I walked in with a friend. She ordered only tea and got a skeptical "is that all look". I got a tea, sandwich, and eclair. The eclair was heaven on earth. I would recommend their baked goods any day. The sandwich was OK. I asked to get it warmed up and mentioned I didn't like cold meat. When I got it at the table, my meat was cold. I walked up and politely asked to have it reheated.  When I got it, it was burnt to a crisp. On top of that, the lady sarcastically asked me if the sandwich was *still* too cold, that I should bring it back again.  That really irked me. She didn't have to say anything. She could have put it down and walked away. I was saddened by my overall experience. I recommend this place for taste only - or if you avoid getting the female server.
4	I did not have any of the issues with service that were mentioned in the other reviews--perhaps the owners responded by putting someone more personable in charge of liaising with the public?The food is delicious--I had a quiche of the day (caramelized onions and other goodies), and a crunchy salad (wheatberry, maybe?, with cranberries and other yummies). Really tasty, but a bit pricey for the serving size--especially given that you can go a few doors down to Vincenzo's and get a generous hot entree with side for the same price. It was enough for me, for lunch, but I am not a big eater (e.g. the Vincenzo's entree lasts me two meals, whereas this was entirely finished in the one meal, and while I was not still hungry, I could probably have eaten a little more than the serving size). The taste, however, was lovely. And the price isn't terribly exorbitant (~$7-8 for the lunch)--but I'm on a budget these days, so Vincenzo's usually wins out.Their cookies are delicious!The seating is very limited (3 tables for two, I think, and a few outside, in good weather), and there is no AC, so the inside seats might get a bit warm, of a sultry summer's day. Probably cosy in the winter, though!
4	Great croissants, lattes.
4	Sabletine has the offerings of a patisserie but you don't have to cross the pond to visit.  This Waterloo bakeshop serves up some authentic tartines, macarons, tarts and Viennoiserie.  We came for lunch and each ordered a Tartine which is pretty much an open faced sandwich on their house made baguette.  Mine came topped with salami, spinach, and cheddar.  I loved the salami, it was thicker cut than usual, and the best part of the sandwich was that it had a tiny amount of fig jam, which helped cut the saltiness from the meat and cheese.  There are not too many bakeries outside of Toronto that bake macarons, thankfully they do at Sabletine.  That day they had three flavours, cassis, chocolate, and pistachio.  The best for me was the cassis, i got a slight hint of the currant in the filling and i loved the purple coloured shell.  The chocolate had a great shell, but the filling tasted just like melted chocolate, instead of a buttercream or ganache.  The last was the pistachio, it had great flavour, but the shell was blue which is an appetite suppressant, and the filling was great but also had an off putting colour.  Overall i had a great time at Sabletine, i think they are a legit bakery, and i cannot wait to go back for another tartine and a few macarons.
3	I came to Sabletine a month ago, and was so impressed that i had found a great lunch place that also serves up some of the best baked goods in the area.  We were at the restaurant shortly after noon, and were debating between a few of their lunch items that were written on the chalkboard.  After pondering for a few minutes, the counter girl informed us that since they had just served a party they were hosting, they had run out of everything, but a few tartines.  I wasn't that bummed because i was going to order one anyways, but if you are out of something, it should not be written on the board.My tartine was excellent, the cheddar was super aged, the addition of the boccocini was masked though by the robust cheddar.  I love how crusty the bread gets when they toast it, but near the end, my sandwich was slightly soggy.  The macarons were better then the last time,  we had cassis, strawberry, and salted caramel.  The buttercream was fruity in the two, and the shells had that great chew.  We ordered a chocolate chip cookie, this thing was massive, and it was on the verge of being burnt, they must bake it at a very high temp, but it was delicious. Now for the downside of the meal, i ordered a chocolate almond croissant, and it tasted more like a bun than a croissant, it was not flaky.  Also, i didn't like the melted choc, and the frangipan, it was too wet.  My sis had the regular croissant and she found the same issues with it as mine, it just wasn't flaky.  Overall this still remains one of my go to places for lunch, just next time i would opt for more macarons instead of a croissant.
5	Absolutely love it! If I had any issue, it would that since their pies, tarts, bread and croissants are so genuine, I'd prefer they focus on being a true boulangerie instead of a boulangerie/patisserie combo. That way they'd always have plenty of fresh baguette, pain long, etc. as well as the two treats I miss the most from France: pain au raisin and pain au chocolate!
3	I read some of the older reviews and noticed how it mentioned the service was akin to a grumpy baker who didn't have their cup of morning latte.  I am happy to say that my visit this week was far from that experience.  If anything, the service was overly pleasant and so inviting that I'm tempted to go back next week.  Polite, attentive, and geniuine.  I can't ask for more... they were eager to share and explain all the various goodies on display.  I went during lunch and was surprised how much was sold out already.  Perhaps they underestimated the morning crowd but at 11:30 am, 2 of the 3 types of quiche were gone.  All the pain au chocolat disappeared and there was not a sight of a macaron anywhere.  Though I was hoping to snag any of the forementioned items, I was still enthralled in trying their tarts, cakes, and plain croissant.  I purchased a tarte au citron, creme brulee tart, opera cake slice, and a plain croissant to satisfy my pastry tooth.For croissants, the hallmark of a great croissant comes from two wonderful things.  The first being that wonderful technique of folding over and over again to get that beautiful layered swirl. And secondly, a lovely amount of butter that helps develop a light crispy flakey texture that keeps you wanting to eat more.  Let's be frank... butter = good.  Sabletine's croissant was a bit smaller than I'm used to but I'm ok with portion control on butter.  It looked like it puffed up a decent amount so I was hopeful it'd be good. When sliced through, the cross section showed the lovely layers.  Upon taking a bite, I wasn't disappointed but I wasn't wow'd either.  It wasn't dry or lacking in flavour but it wasn't flakey.  It had a hardened exterior and even harder bottom... perhaps the butter leaked out and it sizzled in the buttery oil while baking?  It reminds me of my earlier attempts at baking croissants.  The tarts faired much better.  The pate sucree (sweet pastry crust) was lovely.  The crust  was buttery with a nice texture (not soggy!) and it was a nice foundation for the filling.  Though these weren't large, the size allowed you take many small bites of lucious creamy centres.  The tarte au citron was a good balance between puckered lemons and sweetness.  The creme brulee tarte was a decent and comprised of a smooth custard but it was missing it's signature crackling caramelized sugary top!  Overall, there are some good pastry and tarte choices that will have me coming back to try.  It's a decent bakery for a city of that normally would not have a French bakery.  I hope next time though they'll actually have some good macarons, quiches, and pain au chocolat so I can hopefully bump up their rating to a 4!
3	I managed to snag some macarons here finally!  With their new fall flavours, I bought all of them except the pear (I've never had a good pear macaron and at $2 per macaron, I'm not risking another let down).  I bought the pistachio and bing cherry, raspberry, cassis, pumpkin spice, cappuccino, vanilla, and sea salt caramel.  When I first spied them, I was pretty darn happy that I finally got to try them.  Like all things in French bakeries, these were not cheap.  The 6 moderate to mini sized macaron cost over $10.  So was it worth it... ? Not really but it holds pretty good promise.With macaron, they're notoriously fussy to make.  They depend on good technique to get that nice crispy meringue like crust while trying to prevent air bubbles in the cookie.  The texture cannot be too gummy (undercooked) but slightly resembles a homemade just freshly made marshmallow (not gummy but soft chew without being cakey).  I'll be upfront and say Sabletine has good technique.  These macaron were well made.  Nice smooth shells so that tells me they grounded the almonds very nicely.  The crust was crispy and shattered perfectly under a bite.  The texture was that nice perfect mild chew without being gummy or cakey.  I was quite happy with this part of the macaron.As for flavour and size, this is where it was a bit of a letdown.  Some of these macaron should be labeled as mini macaron (as they do in Bouchon bakery) and not charged full prices.  They're that small!  The flavours were not as good as the Chocolate Alphabet bakery in Oakville (which is the best one I've found so far west of Toronto).  The pistachio and bing cherry was good... I really do love the slivers of bing cherry in the filling.  That was very well done!  The pistachio flavour was there but was very mild.  I wish it to be a more pronounced.  The raspberry macaron was just 'sweet' and barely had a berry taste.The cassis was wonderful. You really taste the black current and it wasn't overly sweet.The sea salt and caramel had a nice flavour ... Personally I found it on bit light since the caramel was in a butter cream filling. The best sea salt caramel I've had was a ganache base.Cappuccino held a surprise! It had an actual coffee bean in it. I wasn't expecting it so I didn't love it... It was an over whelming bitter coffee burst in an otherwise mild coffee flavored macaron. If it was smaller and chocolate covered, that would be great.The last macaron I had was pumpkin spice. I really liked this one but they should call it fall spiced or just cinnamon and nutmeg. There was no ginger taste at all. The flavour though did shine through nicely though.So about half of the macarons were very good (cassis, 'fall ' spice, and caramel) with the rest being decent. They have really good technique .. I just wish they're more consistent with their sizes and all of their flavours be as good as the cassis or fall spice.
1	I'm rating based on Customer Service only!!I called on Friday to place an order for 12 croissants for Sunday..Person told me "we might not have enough, we had a large order on Tuesday" my response "just bake some more" Let's just say, they don't quite understand how a bakery works. Second request Me "i'd like to order the Opera cake" "oh, that cake is already reserved"WTF..this is a bakery and I'm placing an order..JUST MAKE the things i'm ordering.
