3	I came across Espresso when I just wandering around the top floor of the Forum Shops.  Wanting to take a load off after walking up and down the Strip for a few hours, I just dropped in and ordered some coffee.  I can't remember exactly what I ordered, it was some iced raspberry mocha espresso drink that cost like $8.  Yeah, expensive I know, but it was pretty good.  I guess anything was better than having Starbucks.  It was just nice being able to sit down at their cafe seating at the window, enjoy some coffee, and just people watch from the top floor of the Forum Shops.
4	We were in Vegas to attend my cousin's wedding and we got bumped off our flight so that meant one more day for us to galavant :)  Headed over to the Forum shops at Caesar's Palace. It  was late and I was tired but if I could just get a fix of caffeine I'd be good to go another 12 rounds ha ha ha! So our search began.  I'm more of a iced latte/mocha drinker versus straight coffee and we finally found the Espresso Cafe located on the 4th floor.  After trekkin the entire shopping mall AND trying to figure how to get up to the 4th floor (it's not a straight shot, it's kinda like a maze, you have to figure out how to get to where you're going if you want it that bad and if you make it then you deserve your reward-in my case it would be my caffeine fix) I ordered my iced white mocha and asked the hubster if he wanted something.  They had pastries but since it was later in the evening there was just a few pastries/cookies to choose from.  Let me just start off by saying, my hubby has been searching high and low for a black and white cookie in the San Francisco area and has had no luck.  Apparently, during his college days in Southern Cali he would frequent a bakery that served this cookie and it was good.  So all this talk of how good a Black and White Cookie was I had to find out for myself.  I happened to look over at the pastries and low and behold....there it was calling our names...it was the lone black and white cookie on the shelf! AND to top it off it wasn't just a normal sized black and white cookie!! it was a JUMBO Black and White Cookie.  I took my first bite and WOOHOO! WINNER! My first thought was are you sure you don't have any more of these treats back there? It was pure bliss! Now that we're back in California I think I need to call this place and ask who their supplier is.  I want more! Anyone here in Northern Cali that can recommend a place that sells black & white cookies? Oh and by the way...my mocha was delicious! They serve Illy coffee and I've been a fan of this stuff for a while so it was the perfect treat! Good coffee and a delicious pastry to accompany it!
3	This place is super clean, and very friendly service. While walking around you get tired sometimes so you need to stop in and get something to drink, or have a bite to eat. Something light and nice. If you want to stop by and get a cup of coffee this is the place to relax and take a time out. It wasn't at all busy and pretty quiet.  I ordered a gelato while my family got some hot tea and coffee. The gelato was pretty good and I was able to get two different flavors in the small cup and was satisfied with how patient they were with me and free samples. LoL Yea I sound like a hog right now but you got to make sure that you pick out your favorite flavor!!
1	Seriously... their prices are so f'n out of whack it is not even funny.  The gelato is good... but not $20 for 2 small scoops good.  You could do so much better somewhere else.  If you want coffee, go find a Starbucks.  If you want Gelato, there are plenty of other spots.  In general, you could go sit down at a nice restaurant and get coffee and dessert for less money than one gelato here.
2	Not bad. A little pricey but what do you expect, rent there is probably a bazillion dollars. The Chai was OK but the Granita looked like shaved ice after a few sips.
4	The guy working couldn't be bothered to look at me while I stood at the register waiting to be served, but sure had time to answer his cell phone. Once he did acknowledge me, he was very nice, so I will let it slide. Way overpriced... $6.32 for a white mocha, buuuut, it is Vegas and it is the Forum shops, so whatever. The white mocha is AWESOME! Probably one of the best I have ever had! I appreciate that since it is my last treat of this vacation! I would definitely stop in again.
4	This clean and sparkling Italian coffee spot is hidden away, in the back, on the 3rd floor. While somewhat pricey, Illy Italian coffee is worth it. But, to be clear, it is not Lavazza. Nothing helps me through a shopping experience more than a doppio espresso. Energy restored, I march onward to shop!
5	the iced raspberry truffle was seriously and quite possibly the best coffee I've ever had. no joke. I was a little annoyed the girl rang me up for a whopping $7 large when I ordered the medium, but since it was the best coffee in the world...it was worth it.
