3	Stopped by to grab some pizza and some wings.  They said it was the Grand Opening week.  Enjoyed the "Fresh Wings".  Had the hot and would have liked to tried the Wing Dust based on their description.  The pizza crust was a medium thickness with a golden brown edge and bottom.  We had the Cigar Rolls which are filo (sp, their spelling) triangles filled with feta and some parsley that are deep fried.  A little on the greasy side, wish they were baked.The menu includes Hoagies, Subs, & Grinders.   Found out later that you can actually choose your crust - thick or thin.  Check out the website for some interesting options including hummus or how about a Banana Cream Pizza!This is take out or delivery only.  Parking is an issue.  Room for about 2 cars in the side lot.  Street parking is not available in front, it is about 100 yards away so get delivery if you can.
4	Pretty good pizza. Fast delivery. This used to be Krazy Brothers and was in Dormont before it burned down. The dessert pizzas are awesome.
4	I ordered several times from them and I was always pleased.  They delivered on time, were nice, and the food was good.  I was the most impressed, surprisingly, with their burgers.  I have always avoided ordering take-out burgers, especially from a pizza place.  But they were GREAT.  The next order, another good experience.  The hoagies & wings were good.  My only suggestion is they need to have a better selection of sodas.  Otherwise, I had a good experience and would recommend them!
5	Amazing food. Burgers are huge. Wedgies are excellent. The pizza crust is the best I've had around here. Everything is fresh! Cannot complain! Free delivery is great..the delivery men are friendly.
1	Have ordered delivery there numerous times and they always mess something up these people need to learn how to read orders how you get a calzone confused with a pizza like come now
5	What a hidden gem! I've been to all the great pizza places in the area...Fiores, Betos, Gennaros and this little place is now on my list as my new favorite First time here and got the Fisherman's pizza...fantastic. Great sauce, lots of cheese, and plenty of delicious toppings shrimp, onions etc...The tomatoes really made it extra tasty.  All toppings were fresh,  plentiful, and yummy. The crust is just right not doughy and flavorful. Also got cigar appetizer, very yummy. Can't wait to try the dessert pizzas.
5	We've ordered Pizza & Hoagies & they were excellent. Tonight we ventured into the dinners. OMG  I can't say enough! ESIMIO CIBO! The salads were a nice mix (not just lettuce & tomato). We had Fettuccini Alfredo with the most tender Chicken & the Italian Trio, loaded with rich Ricotta. Both sauces were definitely enough to satisfy the palate for Italian food. Would we order again?  You bet your sweet bippie!
4	I have been looking for a new pizza place and I think I have found my new spot.  I was desperate for pizza in the way that only a pregnant woman can be and after Slice let me down and Antonio's was just awful, I knew I had to search out something new.  Angelina's had good reviews and was close, so it was worth a shot. I ordered a large with pineapple and bacon.  Wow.  Real cheese - I think provolone for the bite with a lot of canned pineapple and the piece de resistance - real, crunchy bacon broked into smaller pieces!  No bacon bits here.  It was awesome.  The sauce isn't too sweet or too spicy, the crust is just spongey enough, but not too chewy.  While I do still love me some thin crust, this pizza will do.I can't wait to order again and try something on their large, large menu.
