4	I love supporting local businesses & when it comes to my pets, I only want the best.  The most fantastic thing is that the best food for my cats is not breaking my bank. I made the switch to natural food for my cats and they are healthier and happier for it.  The wonderful owner of Kodi's made this transition painless and was immensely helpful.  On my first visit, she offered quite a few free samples so that I could find out what I wanted to feed and what my cats wanted to eat.  She's very knowledgeable and, although really well equipped for the dogs, she is expanding on the cat section.
5	I would not shop anywhere else for my cat's food.  If you feed your pet the best and still shop at the bigger chain stores, you are silly and losing money!   Kodi's prices are much better and the owner is one of the nicest, most knowledgeable people you'll ever meet.  She takes care of her customers, has the lowest prices in the valley and carries the best brands. I buy my cat food monthly and she always keeps my monthly order stocked for me and has it ready when I come in.  I live in Mesa and still shop at Kodi's because it's worth the trip!
5	For years I had been feeding my cats the yucky grocery store pet foods not knowing anything about all the great natural pet food out there. I finally decided to learn more about the food and purchase better quality food for my pets. I heard about Kodi's and couldn't wait to check them out. When I went in I was greeted by the owner, who is extremely pleasant to work with, and she gave me the run down on the different cat food I could choose from. She gave me a handful of different samples to let my pets try before committing to by a whole bag of food. After letting them try a few different samples I decided on one product. I went back in and bought the wet and dry food. The prices are extremely reasonable and the owner was more than helpful when it came to choosing the right food for my cats.They also have a lot of different types of treats, supplements, feeders and much more to choose from. I have a male cat who has some digestive issues and Rhonda, the owner gave me many different options on what might help with his issues. The combo of the new, better quality  food and the supplements have helped him so much! Both my cats are much happier, more energetic and have beautiful coats now that they are on the new food!I would highly recommend visiting Kodi's Natural Pet Foods for all of your pet needs!!
5	In the last year I've transitioned my two cats to grain-free food, and now my 12-year-old dog as well. While the food is more expensive, you really do get what you pay for! My animals are much healthier and we are all happier. Rhonda, the owner, is great at offering advice and always is ready with the free samples. Plus, my dog was experiencing seizures recently, and after I switched to a more natural dry food and wet food, and of course got her on medication, the seizures have disappeared! One day I was short of the wet food, and I used a bit of the old wet food, and low and behold, she had a seizure a short time later (after days of no seizures at all). I really do feel that commercial food is cutting our furry friends' lives short and will only do a natural and healthy diet from now on. And after much research online, I was happy to find that Kodi's carries one of the brands I was interested in. And if she doesn't have it, Rhonda will order it for you! It's great to work with a local business and an owner who really does care about your pets.
5	Rhonda is very empathic and caring. I love patronizing this small business. I switched from a different brand to one of hers for my German shepherds and it really improved their coats almost immediately. She is really a great person and a German shepherd enthusiast. Need I say more?
5	I needed a special diet for my Basenjis and the only place I could find it was at Kodi's.  Rhonda was so helpful and wonderfully supportive answering questions I had about treats I wanted to give them as well.  They have such sensitive stomachs and are doing so well on the diet I buy from Kodi's.  Their coats are gorgeous and while they are both seniors, everyone who meets them are amazed when I tell them their ages.  The still have lots of get up and go!  I know it is the food.The big plus is Rhonda has a locally owned business!
4	I love this place!Kodi's isn't very big, but they definitely have a decent selection to chose from. Both mom and son are very well educated on the foods offered here and have always been able to help me out when asked!Only downside is that I wish they carried more pet accessories and toys!
1	I'm all about being healthy and supporting local businesses. I decided to check out kodis since I'm huge on my dogs health and that's what they advertise. I was super excited to finally check them out since having a wonderful experience at Pet Planet and learning to much from their employees. I was highly disappointed with the greeting I received upon walking into Kodis. That is, if you would even call it a greeting. Rhonda made me feel so uncomfortable. It was as though I was bothering her by having walked in the store. Needless to say I walked right out and drove right over to Pet Planet at Squaw Peak Plaza. I was greeted by a warm friendly smile ready to help and engage in the well-being of my dog. I was interested in learning about some of the products at Kodis, but regardless, I will NEVER step foot in that establishment again!
5	I've been buying my dog food from Kodi's for over three years & have gotten to know the owner,  Rhonda.  She has always been very helpful & knowledgable as to her products .  She let's you browse & is happy to answer any questions.  I am also a volunteer for a shelter & she  is very supportive of all  things rescue!  The store is dedicated to her rescue dog Kodi & of course I love supporting local business's .  Recommend! Lori
