4	I've had my own mountain bike for almost 2 years now. Shortly after I moved to Phoenix, my father and I decided to go get bikes so we could enjoy rides together. He lives about 7 miles from DNA Cycles in Mesa. So, this is where we went. The staff was friendly and outgoing. They encouraged us to take whatever bikes we wanted out into the lot to ride 'em around. They talked with us about what we wanted to do with the bikes. My dad wanted to ride more on the street; I wanted to work up to conquering dirt paths. They recommended a 70% street bike for my dad, who could take it off-road if he wanted. They suggested I get a bike that is designed for more mountaineering but won't scoff at riding on pavement. Their selection was wide enough that we had a somewhat difficult time deciding what to get. With the help of the staff, we narrowed our choices down and bought two bikes. My dad jokingly asked what he could get for free, and they guy who helped us joked back before throwing in two free water bottles. That was cool. I didn't get any accessories or anything, but whenever I think about investing in a helmet or more padding on my tush, I always think of going back to DNA Cycles. They definitely treated us well!
1	Ok, this is the Closest Bike shop to my house and I decided to go out and test drive a Specialized Hybrid, I had heard some not so nice stories about the customer service here, but thought that I would come in and give them a try myself and see if that was just a 'one off' experience.  I had been here before, to purchase a bike lock and I didn't get the warm fuzzy feeling at all, but hey, it really is right down the street and very convenient and they had the bike that I wanted!  So, I went in, to give them a second chance.I was disappointed, and I think it is because I am not a professional bike rider or someone that is going to spend 3,000 on a bike.  They have some bikes at ground level and others up higher on a taller rack, the gu that helped me (well that is being generous) pointed at the bikes up top and told me about them.  I think that the only reason that I received any service at all was because I was the ONLY one in the store!   I never was offered a chance to test ride the bikes.It just seemed like there is some sort of special biking club. that I was not in or invited to join at this bike shop.  I am sure that if you are a triathlete or rode in on an expensive bike that you would get better treatment.  Later that same day, I went to another bike store, (not dna related) and had a much better experience, the guy that helped me even remembered my brother in law and sister that had shopped there before, I wound up spending a little over $500 on a bike, which for me is not a small purchase.  so, if you happen to be a novice or want to step up from a comfort bike or a lesser brand and really get into cycling, I don't feel that you will be welcomed here.
4	Good customer service and very knowledgeable staff.I took a beat 10 year old MTB in and thought I knew what needed to be replaced.  I almost order some parts online.  It turned out I needed less than I thought.  They showed complete integrity on what should be repaired.  I saved money and got a great education on maintenance and more.I will go back for service and they will get a shot when I decide to buy a new bike.
4	Ok, The owner Don sent me an email , asing for me to give them another chance... and after a few months of riding my hybrid bike, and really falling in love with biking againI am ready for  road bike.   So, I stopped in today on a rainy day,  on my way home.  The woman who helped me today was VERY friendly and knowledgeable.  She showed me several bikes and was not high pressure in any way, she pointed out the features of each and really helped me to start to decide which bike that I am going to go  with.  She admitted that she isn't really a road bike rider... to be honest,  I was probably swayed by others opinions with my previous review and didn't give DNA a fair chance.   I think that I have decided which bike that I like and the woman in the store(didn't catch her name) said that they had one in my size that needed to be set up. but to stop by when it dries up and it will probably be ready. You know, I really don't like writing bad reviews, but I am very glad that I gave these guys a second chance.  I think that if you are in this area of east mesa and are looking for a bike, give them a chance.
2	Don the owner is friendly but his shop is pricey and the bicycle mechanic that worked on my bike is rude. Worked on it twice, the idiot couldn't get it right so had to take to another shop and I will never return.
5	I have been riding and racing bikes for 35+ years (I'm kinda old). I have been a shop rat since I was about 10 years old racing BMX. From there I moved to Mtb, then road and eventually tri. I really like bikes, but more importantly, I like bike people. It is a great culture (cult), and the center piece of any good cult is a local place of worship - in this case the bike shop, and more specifically DNA.I have been a regular at DNA since the day it opened. These folks like bikes, and they get bike people - because that are all riders. BMX? Yep. Mtb? Check. Road? Huhuh! Tri? Got it. There are lots of shops that will take your money and give you stuff, but these folks take your money and give you a bike!The service guys (we'll call them servants) have been outstanding. I have used them reliably for race tune-ups, fittings and general maintenace for years. They are great. I am defintely a fan of this little shop, staff is smart and their service is proven. They have a very broad selection of bikes, styles and sizes, so you will definitely find something to straddle :-). And an added bonus is one of the owners mistakenly asked how old my grandchildren are... Only to be told they are actually my own kids. What joksters! I hope.Ask for Ryan when all else fails when you are stolling the aisles looking for your next sled. He is sorta like the shop dog - he takes the kicks, and gives the love :)
5	Had good experiences here. Bought my 6 year old a Specialized Rock Hopper. I liked their program of trading up when the time comes and getting full dollar value for the trade. I have also had my bikes tuned up. I always get good honest service here. Will continue to shop.
5	If you liked the Avondale store, then you'll love the Mesa location too!Ted helped me set up my Allez and still keeps me commuting 100 miles a week. Thanks to Ted, DNA and Specialized "good ole Blue" has 4,500 miles and still going strong! Thank you DNA team.I wish they were closer to home but it's well worth the drive for the BEST!A+++++
4	My husband and I recently went in to purchase a new mountain bike for my husband, along with some accessories, a bike rack, and a bike trailer for our little one.  Eric helped us and he did an excellent job!  He was very knowledgeable and and friendly both times we were in the store.  The bike trailer had to be ordered and shipped to the store, so I had to make a third trip back to pick it up.  That time I was helped by Craig, and I have to say I was not very impressed with his customer service skills.  Granted, my interaction with him was very brief, and maybe he was just having an off day, but I left the store feeling like I had inconvenienced him by patronizing their store.  I'll definitely be back, but only because of Eric's personality and salesmanship.
1	Hey hippie guy... From the 70's. This review is for you. Know your customer, and try not to belittle them! A little background on my history with DNA. A $4500 bike purchase gets you all the love. Lots of smiles... The bike will do this, the bike will do that... Etc. I think they might have even offered a parade at the time. Should have taken that offer. Add an upgrade a year later to tubeless and a tune, and you're met with a little less generosity (Huh! I just paid you $200 to convert my tires to tubeless and the the bike.) Later that season (today) ..  Walked in to get air in the now deflated tires as a new season was approaching and I cannot believe the poor attitude of everyone in the shop. Told the HD (hippie dude) I was going out for a ride then would return to put another tune on the bike... Whether it needed it or not. Nothing. Not a smile... Just a disdainful look that I wasn't buying something then. I guess enough time had passed for them to remember I spent as much on a bike as some spend on a car. Hippie guy... This review's for you! Stay away from this train wreck and visit another shop that actually cares about their customers. This review was written in my truck just after I left the shop.
1	My road bike's front derailleur wasn't shifting down to the small gear, so I figured I should support my local IBD and hailed 'er in for a repair.  While DNA did fix it on time and quickly, when I did finally pick my bike up - I was a bit taken by surprise of the $91 bill ($75 + replaced cable).  It's been a few decades since I had a repair done, so maybe that price is normal. BUT ....before loading my bike, I figured I'd better take it for a spin around the parking lot; to check things out.  Good thing. After my $91 repair, it still wasn't shifting right! I took it back in, and the mechanic was very apologetic.  He brought it back and said it was fixed. It was ....almost.  Now it shifted down but was stuck in the small ring. Once again, I took it back in. Again apologetic, their mechanic took it out and finally got my baby shifting right. I just don't think it should've taken 3 tries and should've been done right the first time.
5	Grabbed the wrong brake pads, my mistake. Took them back after hours. They opened the shop, didn't have what I needed, but found a bike on their floor that did, so they pulled them off their bike and got me on my way. All of this on Christmas Eve! Above and beyond for sure! Thanks DNA!
