5	Love love love love love love Fuzziwgs. On my recent trip to Vegas, the girls and I decided to do some shopping (which, by the way, was wildly successful). The highlight though, was this GIFT FROM GOD. If you can't tell already, I am a candy enthusiast, borderline fanatic. I find most candy stores lacking and mediocre at best, seldom impressed by their selection and quality. When I walked in, the first thing I noticed was how CROWDED this candy store was. It is wall-to-wall of straight candy of all sorts! The selection here is incredible. I make it a point to try out any appealing new candy I come across, but I couldn't at Fuzziwig's because they just have SO MUCH CANDY!! Really wanted to try all the new stuff I came across, but couldn't due to the risk of diabetes :) I did, however, have the chocolate-covered gummy bears, chocolate sunflower seeds, chocolate-covered oreos (!!) and gummy frogs. Everything is fresh of course- none of that lame, stale candy. Yes, my fat a$$ ate the whole bag while shopping :)This is a candy-lover's dream. Huge quantity of quality candy- almost anything you are looking for you can probably find here. Owner was really nice and jolly too. Great find!!! Be sure to swing by here if you stop by the Vegas outlets. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------*This is a candy store, not a chocolate store. If you are looking for a specialty candy store, this is the place for you. If you are looking for a specialty chocolate store, you probably want to look elsewhere.
4	Who in town has sugar free jelly beans? Well found Jelly Belly with splenda here, 4.25 oz box@6.99, seems a little high priced, so I'll keep looking, in the mean time, I love this kinda of mix and match bag.  Make your own selections, it's just $10.99 lb but beware, it adds up quickly! A very nice group of chocolates, dark and milk.  There is also every kind of hard candies, and of course gummies.  If you like mix and match, don' t mind a little pricey try Fuzziwigs!
4	This is like an all-in-one store! It's small, but boy, it's chock-full of pure funness (check it, it's on the urban dictionary site). Bulk candy, novelty characters like my absolute favorite of all-time, Hello Kitty (it used to be an asian thing but it's caught on- located all throughout the store, on racks, on the walls, it's literally like a novelty explosion in here, no exaggeration), dreyers ice cream, cold soda (against the back wall, in a mini-fridge), and rocky mountain chocolates (at the counter in the middle). Enjoy!!!We kinda avoid this wing for no unknown reason, but we came here last night. My husband bought a soda. Hadn't been here in a very long time. Might come back to snag something Hello Kitty (ok, it's sort of an addiction).
4	Yummy Candies To Please The Child In Us In Las VegasSITREPIn a way, I feel like I've walked into a part of Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory Operation, because that is what Fuzziwig's Candy Factory aimes for.  SETUPAt it's core, Fuzziwig's is a self-serve candy store that is in fact designed to look like a whimsical candy factory.   The store is decorated with animated candy-making machines, creating a lively atmosphere of candy-fun. THE CANDIESThere are in fact over 400 catalogued varieties of candies, including old school jaw breakers, rock candy, candy necklaces, wax lips, pixie stiks, etc. etc., all displayed in baskets and bins.  For me, there is very reminiscent of Candy Heaven in Old Sacramento with a very similar set-up.  OTHER ITEMSFuzziwig's also had an impressive collection of plush toys and animals, and other kinds of collectibles, making Fuzziwig's a "go-to" place for fun items.STICKER-SHOCKThe price of candy in this store is pretty high - anywhere from $10-$13 a pound for some kinds of candy.  So it is important that you shop around and get the truly unique special items here.  But M&Ms?  I'd say go to Target or Walmart cause you're gonna pay 3-4 times as much here.THE LOWDOWNFuzziwigs is a great stop for fun in Las Vegas, especially if you have the kids with you, but more of a once-in-a-while-treat, and probably not where you are going to find affordable bulk candy purchases.
