5	The best complete workout I've ever had and all from my own home. Ryan is very knowledgable and designs the workout around your specific needs.  He also taught me about proper nutrition and making healthy choices.  I would absolutely recommend Ryan and The Get Fit Group!!
5	The Get Fit Group has made the word "workout" fit into my hectic schedule. I'm a mother, a student, and a full-time employee so it's hard for me to find time for the gym. Adam gives me a full body workout in the comfort of my own home and he builds meal plans to help me reach my goals. He works around my schedule and he's ALWAYS punctual! Adam is very knowledgeable and engaged. His motivation pushes me to go harder. The Get Fit Group has made it so easy and convenient for me to reach my fitness and lifestyle goals. They are highly recommended!!THANK YOU Adam and The Get Fit Group!!!!!!!
5	GFG has provided a complete workout program for me that constantly changes keeping it interesting, challenging, and fun. Ryan has been more like a friend and follows up with me on days after our sessions. I have certain limitations due to previous injuries, and I never feel like my workouts are going to aggravate those injuries or cause any additional pain. He's also helped me correct my eating habits and get me on a healthier diet. Keeping a log of everything I eat has been a great tool. They can come to your house or meet you at the gym and they have great flexibility with schedules. From weight loss, to just getting back in shape, or just getting ready for a competition, I would highly recommend them.
5	My first 1/2 Marathon was supposed to be on April 6 in San Francisco. I didn't even plan for running one on March 1st, but I ran my fastest time for a 1/2 Marathon. I know I did all the physical labor, but I owe all my thanks to Ryan from The Get Fit Group. With his training, guidance, and support, I had the confidence and ability to do it. This is the place to go if you want the best. Everything from exercise to diet and support along the way.
5	Ryan is an amazing personal trainer who will bring everything to you and give you a serious full body work out. He helped me plan my meals and prepare for the miss AZ USA pageant. I highly recommend the get fit group to anyone looking to improve their overall health and wellness.
