4	It's been awhile since I've dined here but I thought it was worth mentioning. Very enjoyable. It's attached to Southpark Mall.  The atmosphere is surprisingly warm despite the just-under-montrous size of the restaurant; maybe it's the high ceilings that make it seem so big.  The menu is also big. If it's your first time, make time before you're famished beyond repair to browse the menu. They are gracious about making substitutions. They are smoke-free inside. When I first arrived in town 2 years ago, this was not the case. I'm happy to see places around town popping up with smoke-free air- fun for the whole family! There is also a bar area. They offer curb-side-to-go  - (704) 770-0915. It is crowded at peak hours. The wait staff has ranged from efficient to friendly to comedian (in a good way).  Oh yeah! They have a HUGE selection of cheesecakes! There are plenty of other dessert choices if you don't happen to like cheesecake.Monday - Thursday 11:00 am - 11:00 pm Friday & Saturday 11:00 am - 12:30 am Sunday 10:00 am - 11:00 pm
2	Been to other CF locations around the country, but this one never seems to get things quite right. Last few times we ate there, the food was really, really salty. We always get spotty service for some reason, but keep coming back for the dessert. (And even then, I don't think we've done that for months.) There's so many places within a ten minute drive that offer way better value for the money.
2	I don't know why I keep coming back to the Cheesecake Factory. Maybe it's the atmosphere, the lighting, the service or the 9 hour wait, but something always keeps me craving it. The food here, as has been my experience at most other Cheesecake Factory locations, is right around mediocre. I can't quite put my finger on it; it's pretty good, never bad or not fresh, but it almost ALWAYS has me running home right after to take care of some, er, business. I heard once that they don't change their cooking oil very frequently. Whatever it is, it always gets my stomach, and the same holds true for everyone I go with. We actually coined a name for it, you usually get the "6 o'clock sweats" - you go to bed okay but then wake up around 5 or 6 am with your stomach turning. The service at this location was great and we dined outside, which was nice (large seating area out there). Skip the sangria and stick with the martinis or margaritas, or just plain beer or wine.
2	Go for dessert; eat your meal somewhere else!The food is overpriced, and the portions are just crazy large.  I always leave feeling stuffed, but guilty because of the huge bill and the huge amount of food that was either thrown away or in a to-go box (which usually ends up...thrown away).  I can almost never get to dessert.  One good thing is the appetizer menu - I could make a meal out of most stuff on there and not feel quite as stuffed.  The fried mac and cheese is good, and so are the pot stickers.Worth going to say that you've been, but save it for when you've been starving yourself.
3	This was our 2nd time to this particular Cheesecake Factory. We returned after receiving a gift card for Christmas. After having just a decent jambalaya on the first visit (a 2-star visit), i went with the cajun Ribeye with mashed potatoes instead of fries. It also came with onion strings and asparagus. It was very good. It was a hefty portion for a hefty $30 price tag. Our server was excellent on this trip. He was friendly and on top of refills. The other entree we ordered was the chicken marsala and it was just ok. We wouldn't order it again.  The "6 o'clock sweats" struck here as well. (See Alessandra's review for details.)The ribeye and the service made this a 3 star review.
4	I wish I could have the team who designs the inside of these restaurants design my house.  Between the 'Factory in Chicago and the one in Charlotte, they're probably some of the prettiest places to eat.  The food?  It's good.  I've never had the issues the other reviewers are calling the "6 o'clock sweats".  But the food here does seem to have some quality that leaves me feeling completely saturated.  Maybe it's one of those places that makes your eyes fall out of your head when you see the nutritional facts on their food.  Whatever the case, the menu is pretty diverse.  I've eaten about a dozen times split between the two 'Factory restaurants I've visited and only been disappointed once.  Their cheesecake is pretty unique.  I can down a slice of cheesecake in a sitting pretty easily, but the cake from here takes me at least 3 attempts to finish it.  But that's a good thing.  It packs all the flavor (and calories, I'm sure) of 3 slices of your typical cheesecake into one slice.  The service has always been very good, even when it's packed, (which is often.)Their beer list is usually pretty decent.  They usually have the typical summer wheat, a couple lagers, a dark and one or two "local" brews, (for Charlotte, that means Yuengling.  Chicago was Goose Island.)  Nothing extravagant, but their beer selection does a good job of matching the light, stylish mood of the restaurant.It's pricey, but I don't come here when I'm searching for a good value.  I come when I'm looking for a reliable menu and a lot of atmosphere.  If you've never been, you really do need to try it.  For the cheesecake if nothing else.
5	I was so glad to see this place was in Charlotte when I moved here.I ate at the locations in Chicago and the burbs of Chicago all the time.Downtown wait was 2 hours all the time, but so worth it.I've dined at the Charlotte location now a few times and it has been just like being back home.The fish tacos, Louisiana chicken and I don't even remember all of my other fav's at this great joint!!!!Just go if you haven't been b4
4	I've found most entrees here to be mediocre, but the avocado egg rolls and Craig's crazy carrot cheesecake are fantastic. You can get your weekly load of fat grams from these 2 items alone but maybe worth it.
4	The Cheesecake Factory has great food. I had the chicken and biscuits and it was fabulous! Not to mention their wonderful cheesecakes! It has a great atmosphere and the service is rather good, too. On most weekend, the wait for a table at dinner can be long, but since it's in the mall there is much you can do while waiting.
4	What can I say, the restaurant is pretty. As soon as you walk in the door, the aesthetics of the place is wonderful. The way the tables are positioned, all of the vegetation, and not to mention the ceiling is amazing. I don't like the little tables though, there really isn't enough room for 2 people and all the dinnerware, it seems crowded.The food? Fantastic! I have eaten here many times and I try to get something different every time I go and I have not been disappointed. The crusted chicken romano is a must, so is the stuffed chicken marsala. For some reason, when I've had a dish with marsala sauce, it seems over powering with the wine, but not at Cheesecake Factory. They get it just right to where you can taste the mushrooms and other flavors with your meal. Their garlic mashed potatoes are to die for! They use red potatoes instead of russet or yellow potatoes. The texture is a little lumpy, yet smooth all at the same time. Let's not forget their cheesecake. That's the reason why you came right? There are 2 pages of cheesecake selections in the menu. All of their cheesecake is wonderful, but make sure you have a glass of water or milk handy because most of their cheesecakes are RICH! They range from your traditional cheesecake with strawberries to a carrot cake cheesecake. If you're a peanut butter fan like myself, fear not, they have about 3 different kind of cheesecake with peanut butter. Let's not forget their carrot cake!! The 1st time I had their carrot cake was at Barnes & Nobles and it was like my mom used to make. Dreamy!As for the wait, be prepared to wait 15-30 minutes on the weekend at least and during the week about 10-15 minutes to get seated. Never have I gone to the restaurant and gotten seated immediately. It's well worth the wait and what better way to wait at the bar? I'm a Long Island kind of girl, but I have had their cranberry and vodka. Their liquor is all top shelf and I always had a well mixed drink, nothing overpowering in 1 liquor. The wait staff is knowledgeable and very polite. I've had only 1 server that was pretty bad, but that was because we were his last table and we were taking our sweet time. Yes, it's still not an excuse to be rude and try to rush people out, but overall, I haven't had really bad service.Cons: Long wait to be seated.Noise, sometimes can't hear what your company is saying to you across the table from you.Little tables.
2	I have no idea why people come here.  In fact when my whole party sat down, we all were trying to figure out why we ended up there.  The food just isn't good.  The salads were warm, the spinach dip so greasy, and the bread wasn't very soft.  It's just really not good for food, yet this place still stays in business.  It really isn't just this location either. The only reason I give this more than 1 star is that I LOVE cheesecake, and I enjoy the extremely decadent chocolate peanut butter cookie dough cheesecake.  However, I found out they are taking that off the menu because it's too rich.  But any place that has that much cheesecake gets an extra star.
3	Walking into The Cheesecake Factory (at night) reminds me of a Las Vegas Casino.  Not the downtown casinos that are all closed in and almost claustrophobic, mind you, but the expansive Steve Wynn casinos on the strip.  It's huge.  It borders on gaudy, but in a nice way.  You also can't really tell what time of day it is - probably so you don't mind how long you wait for your server to come back to you (though we did).I'd imagine that during the day, the monstrous windows in the front of the place give it a ton of light, and it would be a completely different feel, but at night, it just gave that vibe.  The noise is pretty incredible too - like the old noise of casinos (they don't have noise any more, sad to say).As to the food - pretty impressive overall.  I just wish that they didn't have 300 items on the menu.  And I didn't count, the server gave that number when I asked for a suggestion since I didn't feel like opening the tome of selections.  I eventually settled on one of the items from the specials list (Caramel Chicken).We also had some crab cake appetizers, a massive double BBQ burger, a chicken sandwich and an order of popcorn shrimp.  The fried food overall was the worst.  The burger was good, but huge.  The crab cakes were surprisingly good.   It was really the service that did them in, but to their credit the manager (or someone doing an imitation of a manger) came out to tell us that the food would be out some time.  Then we had to also wait on the bill, and to pay the bill, and so on...If I had any suggestions, it would be for them to go on "Kitchen Nightmares" with Gordon Ramsay.  Not because the place isn't clean - it's immaculate.  But the size of the menu, coupled with the portion size, is insane.  Cut the menu in half (or quarters), and do the same with the portions.  They could even shave something off the price at the same time.That way every person wouldn't be walking out with leftovers and they wouldn't have to spend so much time at every table trying to help diners navigate the menu.  Not to mention, there would be room for dessert.  You know, the cheesecake?
5	This is a fantastic dining place for any sized group. The menu is gigantic, the food quality is superb, the atmosphere is fun and fancy, the service is phenomenal, and the location is easy to find: South Park Mall. The interior is spacious, and there's a separate section where you can purchase cheesecakes to-go and other sauces/ingredients and even beanie babies (if I remember correctly).
3	Cheesecake Factory has a huge menu to choose from. Their food is just okay and a little bit pricey, but you do get your money's worth in terms of food portion. They are usually very busy and there will be at least a 15-60 minute wait to get a table. Service will be kind of slow since the place is extremely huge. They do take reservations on the weekdays, but not on the weekends. It will be first come first serve and they recommend you coming in at least 45 minutes early with half of your group in order to sign in.All in all this is a great place to go for a special occasion, but not really good for a everyday night out dinner.
4	The first thing I noticed walking in the door is the grand size of the restaurant. Towering ceilings, walls  filled with large decorations,  colorful glass lights, and intricately painted open spaces was somewhat busy but pleasing to the eye.The herb-encrusted salmon salad was delicious. Of course I had to try the 30 year anniversary cheese cake which was wonderful but very large. Desert sizes seem to be made to share with two or more.The bar looks like a great place for happy hour and hanging out with friends. This is the kind of place you can feel comfortable dressed up or in jeans and a t-shirt.Overall a great place for a date or meeting friends for a drink or a meal.
4	I have to go with 4 stars only because I am not a fan of the HUGE portion sizes.  To many people that may be a plus but that is the ONLY downfall.  Beautiful space with good atmosphere especially for a restaurant that is so busy (30 minute wait in mid-afternoon).Definitely try the Ahi Tartare and the Avocado Rolls.  Even my kids loved them.  I had the Factory Chop Salad and it was fantastic and light.  My hubby had Renee's Special, cup of soup, half sandwich, and a gorgeous salad.  He ran 10 miles so he finished the WHOLE thing.  No room for dessert.  Isn't that embarrassing!  Worth the wait, food is always quite good, just remember the portions are ginormous!
3	I enjoy the Cheesecake Factory, the food is yummy and I enjoy the atmosphere. The first time I came here, I was a little disappointed in the service. It was crowded, but our waitress made it clear that she was flustered. She even got our bill wrong, charging us for items that we didn't order. It was a little frustrating. We decided to chalk it up to the possibility of her being new and inexperienced. The next time I came here - I had great service, great food and great cocktails. But still only 3 stars. I don't really like when the service fluctuates that much.
4	Tried this restaurant one time for dinner. We had crab wontons as appetizer and they were really good and had us going and craving. Crispy, not so cheesy and didn't have the fishy taste. Dipped in a sweet and sour sauce with a touch of spice. We had bang bang chicken and shrimp, a Thai-inspired dish on white rice in a light coconut cream with curry and peanut sauce and hints of ginger and lemon grass. Although it seemed that they forgot to put the shrimp. We also had a combination of chicken madeira and dianne steak encrusted with black pepper and roasted mushroom. It was really a delightful experience. Grab a table on the porch if the weather is fine because it can get noisy inside. The brown bread served was soft and chewy and make sure you have it. Will be back to sample other dishes.
3	I have changed my mind several times as to whether to make it two stars or three...The food is occasionally very good, but most often it is merely serviceable--you'll eat it, you won't be hungry afterwards, but two days later you won't be able to recall what it was you ate. I suspect that has something to do with the extensive "something for everybody" menu, which makes me think no single kitchen could prepare all of these dishes with equal skill. Thus, some items might be sort of roughed out in the kitchen by the cooks, while others are done with flourish and panache.It is a ridiculous amount of food presented on the plate, and I would be a more frequent guest there if the food cost 2/3 as much and the portion was proportionately reduced. I likewise won't bother with a 20-40 minute wait--I'll eat in the food court, save myself about $30 for the wife and me (especially with no wine), and stop by on the way out for some cheesecake slices to go.Finally, I prefer eating outside when the weather permits. It isn't a great view (the parking lot) but the noise level is much lower than inside. Modern restaurant designers seem to have a fetish for hard surfaces within the dining area, reflecting kitchen noise and patron conversation into an enormous dull din. Supposedly, this creates a sense of energy in the place; for me, it is more like eating in a construction site. If inside is all that is available, I'm heading back to that food court...
4	WOW!
3	I can appreciate the Cheesecake Factory every now and then, but I'm on the fence.  The whole chain aspect and shear size of the restaurant makes it very cookie-cutter and forgettable.  Sure the space is pretty grand and offers a nice atmosphere, but the menu is gigantic and it's almost dizzying how they make you wait, rush you in, and then you can't even remember what you ate....Yes they do make good cheesecake and it's a treat... it's also very filling... most of their portion sizes seem like they are trying to feed 2 or 3 people with each plate.This could have been a fluke because they are always so busy, but last time I came in I just wanted to get a gift card and the hostess was very rude and told me to get them from the cashier [ with a tone that I should have known that in the first place ].  I'll let it roll off for now, but I would hire people that have more patience to be at the front of the house.
5	The gumbo was terrific.  Service grand
4	So a friend and myself stopped by the CF the day after Christmas for some preconsumerism consumption and were greeted by a friendly hostess, who seated us immediately.. It was pretty close to lunch time and they had ample seating for the lunch rush.  I recommend highly the avocado rolls for the appetizer!  OMgosh... Delisious-ness abound!!!  For the main meal I had a veggie sammich, which was great, great great!  Loaded with eggplant and mushrooms and other yum yums.  It was plenty of food for the both of us with sandwiches and the app. for around 40 bucks, so it's moderate in the price scale.  I hear their namesakes desserts are good and do look well, but milk, and creams don't bode well with the ole system, if ya catch my drift!One downer of the meal, was that the strip on my debit card is worn and the waiter had to manually type it, but when he came to the table he told me that it was declined, which was embarrassing, but then handed me the merchant copy to sign??!?!  I dunno what that was all about, but poor choice of words, waiter!
4	I have been to this chain restaurant in other cities in the past and it's my first time after a gap of 3-4 yrs. Quite interesting to see a big change in the service and quantity of food.  I remember the service was poor and the food quantity  was very less for the price at all other locations. May be it's just this location. I went in a group of seven and ordered 3 appetizers, 4 entrees. Entrees came in big portions. Especially the jambalaya dish was huge. I loved the bourbon street omelette. Chicken marsala, calamari, chicken dumplings are always my favorite here. I highly recommend angel hair pasta for all the pasta dishes.Bottom line: I  would love to come to this location again if I'm in the Charlotte area.
2	You know, I get it--the cheesecake here is really really good.  But everything about this place is really really bad.  First, I cannot get over the fact that this place tries to pass itself off as fancy (valet parking, for example) when it is a) called "The Cheesecake Factory" and b) ATTACHED TO A MALL--arguably two of the least fancy things imaginable.  The inside of this place is basically a glorified cafeteria--just a loud din of noise, which makes it even crazier that people dress up to go here. The food itself (even that which is not cheesecake related) is incredibly caloric and fattening.  I spent most of my life trying to avoid this place, and, I realized today, for good reason--this place is just thoughtless excess at its finest.
4	Went for dessert after dinner.  2 hour wait.  Put our  name in, was told to come back in an hour for a pager.  Wandered the mall, returned for pager, waited about 45 min. for a table,  Friendly staff.  We were told that we could order at the to-go counter and eat outside on the patio.  We wanted to experience the restaurant.Loved the atmosphere!  Very relaxing.  Excellent service.  Wonderful dessert and coffee.  Had the Chocolate Raspberry Truffle Cheesecake.  Hubby had Chocolate Mousse Cheese Cake.  Only had a few crumbs left.Had eated dinner at Maggiano's...feel of the resturant was totally different.  Both had 2 hour waits, both were extremely crowded.  BUT Cheesecake Factory had a much more relaxed atmosphere.  Wait staff was not stressing out...calm, joking with each other, etc.  Lovely experience.Wish they took reservations.
5	Great place for different kinds of food.  food was so pretty we took pictures :)  Great food and friendly service.  Haven't had room for the cheesecake yet.
5	I took my two boys here for lunch and and we were completely satisfied with everything we ordered. My two boys ages 12 and 10 were treated like young adults. I can't wait until we can eat there again.
3	Hi Cheesecake Factory I like you but I'm not in love with your crazy wait times, or giant sized portions. Your place looks pretty cool though, I like high ceilings, and I can appreciate the sizable outdoor patio area, but can we get tables that are a bit bigger please? It's really crowded!Adjoined to Southpark Mall is the ubiquitous Cheesecake Factory. Every time I go for a shopping spree I see tons of people waiting their turn to get into this place like an exclusive nightclub and people leaving with bags of food. So I finally decided to try it out after a shopping spree one day. The place feels very cavernous walking in with super high ceilings and some paintings to gaze at as you're looking up wondering how much their power bill costs. Well then the waiting game begins, first we checked in to the hostess station and was told there will be about 45 minutes wait which turned out to be about an hour, okay no big deal I thought. Turns out the buzzer thing they gave me was to announce that I could now wait in the shorter line to actually be seated! What a tease!So now we're finally seated and hungry looking at the huge menu. Some bread came out I guess to sate your hunger a bit from waiting an hour+ to get a seat. I ordered a frozen mango smoothie and appetizers took that took a while to come out by this time I'm wishing they gave me some more bread. The spicy ahi tempura roll that came out is huge and delicious but not spicy at all. Then came the main courses which actually came out on time! I had ordered the Cajun jambalaya pasta and was totally unprepared for the size of this thing. I mean seriously it would have taken 4 meals for me to finish this thing off, it was very delicious though! The sudden influx of food at once left me feeling really bloated though so we opted for taking dessert home and bought a tiramisu cheesecake for later.I've probably rambled on too much at this point so I'll just summarize. Come prepared to be hungry in 1-2 hours and not while you're actually hungry. Prices are a bit high for the type of food but they give you enough food for 3-4 meals. I just don't really understand this place the food is nice but I there are plenty of dining options around this area where you don't have to wait for 2 hours. If they took reservations I'd probably be here more.
3	The menu at The Cheesecake Factory is somewhat overwhelming in it's size and breadth.  While it's a lot to take in, the menu also offers pretty much something for anyone so, it's a nice destination for a large group who can't agree on a particular genre of food for the night.Definitely enjoy the avocado egg roll appetizer.  Fresh, ripe avocado mixed with some diced tomato, red onion...  They are quite good.  As far as their namesake dish, cheesecake, I'm not that big a fan.  Not much of a dessert fan but I do love a good slice of cheesecake and find the Factory's to be a little to fluffy in texture for my tastes.  I prefer something more dense.  They have a large the selection of flavors however and my wife swears by the "Dulce de Leche" version.For a drink, if you're going non-alcoholic, I like their lemonade a lot.  Fresh and tart.  Definitely not Country Time!
2	Overall I don't really mind the cheesecake factory.  I just think that if you're looking for a nice place to eat there are MUCH better options that something attached to the South Park Mall.  The wait is always atrocious and even when you do have reservations it's doubtful that you'll actually get seated on time.  The food is overpriced for the quality you are getting.  The waitstaff is nice but they are busy because the place is enormous.The atmosphere is corny.  I can't think of any other way to describe it.Do yourself a favor and take a look around when you walk in there.  Stop being a stereotypical American and go eat at an independently owned shop.  My bet is you will be much happier, eat about 2,000 less calories, and get out the door for a heck of a lot cheaper!If you really need a piece of cheesecake - get it to go.
3	Cheesecake Factory is one of those things that, to me, sounds better than it ultimately turns out. The Cheesecake is good, but the rest of the food is hit or miss. The menu is huge and difficult to comprehend. Portions are on the large side. The restaurant itself is massive, with really high ceilings and decor that reminds me of the classier venues in Vegas.Summary: Definitely edible, but not my favorite place in town for the money.
3	Waiting for a seat always seems to take awhile- even on a weekday night.  When you have such a good business model such as the Cheesecake Factory, it's only natural that people would want to come eat here.  It's relatively inexpensive relative to the portion size.  The wait staff is responsive (though, not always happy) and fast.  And the food is decent and fairly fresh.The menu variety is quite extensive as well.  You can't really go wrong with coming here,seeing as they'll cater to everyone's taste and palate.  Leave room for dessert because the cheesecakes are amazing (and gigantic).
4	Our office orders cheesecake from here regularly. My absolute favorite? The wild blueberry cheesecake with white chocolate. OH MY GOSH! So flavorful, and not too sweet! (and pretty to look at too!) You can pretty much always expect a wait on the weekends... but not to fear, they have a very spacious bar (and pages of drinks to choose from). Plus, you can eat pretty much anything here... from Indian/Thai cuisine to Italian to Americano... there is something for everyone. What is a must try? The Chicken and Biscuits... an enormous platter covered in mashed potatoes, a savory chicken/gravy mix covered in huge biscuits. WOW. Creamy chicken with flaky biscuits, you can't go wrong! Also, the Chicken Picatta is my favorite Italian dish-delightfully lemony with just the right amount of capers and tender chicken... delicious!
3	Cheesecake. Yes, that's what they're famous for.. And probably the only thing that I will eat here as everything is overpriced and the food is just okay. I came here with a group of friends weeks ago for a get together. I just ordered a drink and my brother ordered a cheesecake and calamari which I shared with. The calamari wasn't bad as it was deep fried like any other restaurant that serves calamari.Cheesecake was wonderful, apple caramel streusel. It was sweet but it wasn't to the point where my mouth was dry (then again I had Long Islands that helped me wash it down.) One of my other friends ordered a burger, and honestly to come here to order a burger isn't really a bright idea. The portions are definitely not worth the amount that you're paying, however this is a "high class" restaurant.And be sure to watch out on the floors. They're super greasy/slippery, as soon as you walk out of the main area and to your chairs. It seems as if you're walking on some dried oil or grease, it's kind of nasty to not think that they would not mop the floors every night.Overall, I would give it a 2.5/5 but since Yelp has stars I'll round it and give it a 3, just because that cheesecake was pretty good. But, you won't find me a regular here.
3	I have been here many times, and those times are usually for friends.  This place is good, but I don't really think people should hype it up so much.  The interior is nicely decorated, but it felt very dim when I in to eat.  I'd prefer a little more lighting there for some reason.  I thought that they could have someone make the bathroom a little cleaner though.  When I went in on Sunday, I was seated at a big circle booth.  I thought that was very cool so our group could talk and jabber a lot, but if someone had to use the bathroom, two or three people would have to get up to let someone out of the booth.  Now to the food.  The only good thing really worth it on the appetizer menu would be the sweet corn tomale.  I just couldn't get enough of it.  I tried the other appetizers from friends and thought they just tasted alright.  Nothing too snazzy.  The entrees weren't really something to die for.  The strawberry lemonade though, whew!  ALWAYS order that sweet deliciousness with a free refill.  Even during the winter it makes me think of a nice hot summer day.  I would suggest everyone to come here for the cheesecake though since it is called "The Cheesecake Factory."  Sometimes I have stopped by, only for the delightful sweets.  All in all, this place is just A-ok for me.
2	There really isn't much to say about a place like The Cheesecake Factory. It's chainey, has huge portions.... This particular location feels too large, like I felt like I was getting lost in my booth b/c the place was so large. The food was on par with what I have come to expect from this chain, but it was the service that warrants the deduction in stars. Throughout our experience the service was fine- not particularly good, not particularly bad- but that all changed as we were getting ready to leave. I had asked for a box (b/c the portions are just too large here) and was in the process of placing my leftovers into said box when the waitress came back after running our credit card. As I still had my hand on my plate, picking at the last few fries that did not fit in the box, she swopped in and took the plate from me. Really???? This took a middle of the road experience and turned it sour.
2	Dinner and service was mediocre.  The cheesecake was good.  My advice is eat dinner somewhere and come here for dessert.
3	The factory remains the same since my last visit.....long wait times, and average food.  We had a hungry group of 4 looking for a variety of items to choose from and this place definitely has a huge menu....which may be why most of the food is just average.  I usually go with the burrito here as a safe bet but I decided to try the fish tacos with rice and beans and it was just....meh.  I really think the only thing worthy in this place is the cheesecake even though it is overpriced......
3	When you are in need of a slice of sweet sugary deliciousness, The Cheesecake Factory has got you covered. It's a staple "nice restaurant" sure to please even the pickiest of eaters...their menu is like a novel, granted half of it is full of advertisements. You can quickly turn to the lunch menu, page 8. The portions are plenty and will run you around $10, give or take. However, their regular beverages will run you a solid $4. A nice perk is that they serve their "chocolate and vanilla" bread (that's only how my friend's daughter describes it, not the flavor) anytime of day, whether you eat lunch or dinner. They do not have very many vegetarian options, but they do have a veggie burger filled with brown rice and beets. This location is prime...after a fun shopping spree at South Park, you can relish the day on their open patio! Service was attentive and friendly and the people working the host desk were all smiles. I don't go here often, but it's one of my mom's favorites and when nothing but cheesecake will suffice it is my go to place (a slice will cost you approximately $10). Like me and everyone else the day I was here, you'll leave full and happy with a "to go" bag in hand with a slice of deliciousness for later.
4	Yes, I know it's a chain, but I do quite enjoy the cheesecake factory.  The menu is huge and there's something that can be enjoyed (or at least tolerated) for everyone.  The Miso Salmon is probably my favorite entree on the menu.  The cheesecake is phenomenal (albeit overpriced).  The best thing I like about this particular cheesecake factory is that it isn't overly crowded.  Going in for dinner at 7 does not require a 1+ long wait (like in Maryland, DC, NoVa areas).  The longest wait I've encountered there was 10 minutes.
5	I thought it was great! Had the red velvet cheese cake and the macaroni cheeseburger which came to a total of $21 which I expected. The staff was extremely friendly. I got my order "to go" because it was so crowded.
4	This place is GORGEOUS! I have to say that the decor is like nothing I have ever seen in a restaurant. Very high ceilings and a gorgeous, well stocked bar. Waiters wear all white (shirt, pants, shoes and even the belt is white) and are very friendly/attentive. We had sun dried tomato pasta and a pizza. Finished it off with Red Velvet Cheesecake....big enough to share, and OMG delicious! My only "gripe" is that they serve free bread baskets and we never got one, forcing us to order an appetizer because my blood sugar was crashing and I needed food quickly. Fried zuchinni was to die for, and for only $5 it is a very cheap appetizer. Overall, very good and can't wait to go back!PS, the menu is an actual book, so there is something for everyone!
3	We both enjoyed our starters, which were the Crispy taquitos and the Avocado eggrolls! YUM! I had the Jamaican Black Pepper Shrimp, which was good. The plantains were great! Crispy and spicy on the outside and smooth and creamy inside! My companion had the Cajun Jambalaya Pasta, but he ordered it with brown rice instead. He didn't like it so much. There was too much rice! Our server lacked enthusiasm and was sub par really. We got cheesecake to go. I had the Kahlua Cocoa Coffee and he had the Oreo. Both were creamy and delicious!
4	In general I love the cheesecake factory.  We'd not had a great experience at this one last time, so I wasn't sure about trying it again, but we were please. The service was pretty good and the food was quite good.  I had the endive, pecan and blue cheese salad and my husband had the ahi tuna app...both very nice.  We will return.
3	It's The Cheesecake Factory. I've been to several and they've all been good. I don't have anything really bad to say. The food is good, but maybe just a tad on the pricey side for what you get. This particular one was busy when we went, and it was before 5 PM, which I would think would begin the dinner rush, but they seemed to have it handled. Our waiter took a while every time to get back to us when we asked for something, but again, we were there around 5 PM, so I'm sure he was occupied. He wasn't too friendly towards us, but again, I don't know what he's had to deal with that day. He wasn't rude or anything, just not overly friendly. I would come back again because they have such a big selectioni of food, and honeslty I don't think I've ever had the same thing twice yet, so I would like to go back and try their other items.
4	Excellent as always. I have always been a huge fan of TCF and have eaten at many locations. There is almost ALWAYS a wait at this location, no matter the time. We arrived around 1230 and told a 20 minute wait, it was around 25. I am in love with the asian lettuce tacos and the pear, blue cheese and pecan flatbread on the skinnylicious menus. Friend had the chopped salad also off the skinnylicious menu... we were both in heaven and had leftovers. The service was good and the food came out quickly... it helps having an idea of what you want before you go because the menu is huge.
3	if you have friends visiting town, this is such a great place to take them.  With one of the most beautiful and unique decors I've seen, plus the South Park location, you just can't go wrong.  And where else do you go where the menu is literally like a small book?!That huge menu selection can seem a bit overwhelming, so ask the servers for suggestions if you need to.  I really enjoy their small plates and find the selection to be nicely varied over several different styles of food.  Several of the menu selections are also inventive and fun.  If you're not on the small plates menu, make some room because the rest of the portions are what I like to call "ginormous"!  Everything is good, though, every time.Now, don't forget to flip to the back TWO pages of that menu-novella.  You MUST at least consider the decadence of a slice of cheesecake.  Overwhelmed again?  Just close your eyes and point, it's impossible to make a bad choice.  (Hmm.. maybe I like cheesecake more than I realized)My rating is 3 stars for one reason.. price.  It's not the best deal you'll find, but I also understand you're paying for some ambiance and style here.  It is a way, however, to dine in a really nice area with some wow-factor thrown in.
4	This menu has something for everyone..blah, blah, blah...I go here for the skinny long island cocktail, free bread, and the apple crisp dessert.
5	It was our first visit to the Cheesecake Factory at Southpark Mall. We were very pleased. Nathan was our server and I must say that was the best service we have had in a long time. He was knowledgable and attentive.  We find in most restaurants the servers are attentive until you get your food, then the server is no where to be found. Not Nathan. He was great and had a good attitude also. We will definitely return to this location.
4	Date Night! 45 min wait on a Fri night @7pm. We had the Old Fashion Burger and the Farfalle Chicken pasta. Both were very good- would get them again. Service was not the best we've had. Cheesecake is always the highlight of this place. We had a hard time choosing ;) Reese's PB was a little strong, Red Velvet was PERFECT!!
2	I don't usually review chains but this was my 1st experience there & I was very disappointed.First off,  the restaurant is very nice looking.  I liked the ambiance from my point of view in the lobby.  When we were seated... not as much.  We were tucked in this little alley off to the side of the bar that led to what I'm sure was a nicer room that looked out into the parking lot.  We couldn't see much from where we were sitting except the waiters running back and forth and the little area where they entered orders on the computer. But I'm jumping ahead... we got there a few minutes before 7 and had to wait 45 minutes for a table for 2.  Some people coming in after us were told up to an hour and a half! I know this because the pager/beeper they give you is only active IN their lobby.  So there were about 50-70 people all standing around this lobby starring at each other and the cheesecake in the case.  Not cool.Finally our beeper went off and then we were told to stand in a certain spot to wait for our name to be called. More waiting.  Then we were taken to our little alley table.The menu is 21 pages long.  And then there is a Skinnylicious menu on top of that. Ridiculous.  We ordered the spinach and artichoke dip.  It was fine.  I've had better.I ordered the Pasta Carbonara with Chicken.  It was OK. Again... I've had better.Boyfriend got the Bistro Shrimp Pasta: Crispy Battered Shrimp, Fresh Mushrooms, Tomato and Arugula Tossed with Spaghettini and a Basil-Garlic-Lemon Cream SauceI didn't taste it but he said it was fine but nothing he would crave again later - and that he liked another pasta dish from another restaurant much better.We each ordered a slice of cheesecake.  I got the Chocolate mouse cheesecake which I thought would be light and fluffy but no.  It was very heavy.It was very expensive in my opinion.  We both got water, we shared an app, each had an entree and a piece of cheesecake and this came to $71 after tip.  For what we got? It was not worth it at all.   2 stars on Yelp means "Meh. I've experienced better." That is exactly right in this case.  We will most definitely not be back.
4	Best chain ever.Yes, it's a chain and yes there's tons of local eats, but I argue that there is no place where a party of 20 people can get everything they're looking for, no matter what they like, what dietary restrictions they have and what they're in the mood for.The mood lighting at night is great for a romantic dinner that isn't too intimate (no pressure!) or a nightcap and cheesecake (sexy!). The hours are later than most other places in the area, too, so if you're running to grab a bite after a movie or something, the Factory is a great option.I tend to battle between getting the Thai Lettuce Wraps (fresh, quality, delish!) and the BBQ Ranch Chicken Salad, no cucumbers, but almost always get both because I can't stop myself. Sure it's way too much food but these are things that I sometimes DREAM about. And sure there are vietnamese and thai places that carry the lettuce wraps in town but I've tried and every time I'm left yearning for that tamarind cashew sauce. BRB, drooling.---------------And, I'm back! So yes, the service is always attentive but the waits can be long, especially at peak dinner hours and all day Saturday & Sunday during mall hours. The bar is fully stocked, bathrooms always clean (and posh!), and the outdoor patio makes for a pretty nice summer lunch spot too. They've got a bar bites menu that's available to keep it light on the pockets, and of course more cheesecakes than should be legal to tempt you into ordering just 1..... ok, 2 slices.
5	I love The Cheesecake Factory.  I used to work near one in Seattle and was somewhat of a regular.  After moving to Louisiana, I have to travel a minimum of five hours to get to one.  On my way to Virginia over the holidays, we drove through Charlotte specifically so that we could go to CF.  This location of CF is by far, the best I have ever been.  We had an awesome booth all the way in the back (read -- away from all the noise).  Our server was friendly and helpful. The food at this location was great!  Hot, huge portions and there was no skimping when we asked for extra sauce for our dishes (a must if you are a sauce freak like we are).My daughter had her usual farfalle pasta (chicken, mushrooms, peas and some other stuff) and I had the chicken madeira (chicken, mozzarella, madeira sauce, asparagus and smashed taters).  It was all soooooooooooooo delicious!!  We ordered one cheesecake -- the banana -- which is served with freshly sliced bananas.  It's now my second favorite to the lemon with raspberry glaze.  When CF comes to Baton Rouge or New Orleans, my life will be complete.  Okay, that's a bit of an exaggeration, but I will be stupendously thrilled.My recommendations --  Thai lettuce wraps (enough for a meal or appetizer to share) and then something from the specialties page, pasta or salad.  Skip the stuff that you can get anywhere any day of the week (burger).
3	Place: Located by the mall, literally. The venue here is spacious and large. They have outdoor seating for dining, and outdoor seating for awaiting tables. It's wonderful actually. I am always fascinated with the pastel and sky painting, with a splash of regal columns (you find this at every Cheesecake Factories).Service: Waiters/waitress, on a busy day - they are not at their best. I tend to have my drinks not refilled right away. There is ALWAYS a wait, around 15-45 mins on a busy night. I honestly avoid this place, because of the long wait.  Lunch time is the time to go, at best.Food: There is an eclectic food selections that are diverse. There are pizza, Italian and Asian cuisines, plethora of cheesecakes to choose from, burgers and sandwiches...- I liked their iceberg lettuce salad- their strawberry shortcake dessert is delicious with vanilla ice cream!- raspberry ice tea, always refreshing- shrimp scampi, safe, but good in large portions- chicken Parmesan, always a winner with my hubbyPrice: pricey. I believe it is worth it, in terms of big portions.. Enough for little ole me to take home as leftovers for work.
5	Obsessed with the Americana burger!
3	Big portions, good food, and yummy cheesecake! Drinks are overpriced, but what do you expect at southpark mall's tourist trap? The cheesecake factory is in need of a decoration update. It looks like 1997, but a fancy 1997. Anyhow, if you're at the mall and want a decent meal, you can get one here!
3	Went right at lunch time on Sat, they said a 15 min. wait, I looked around and thought--no way, too many people, but our kids had never been so we decided to wait it out.  We were called 15 mins exactly.  I had the chicken salad sandwich, I am extremely picky about chicken salad.  It was good, I ate most of it, but it wasn't exceptional, but to make up for that it was a huge portion and they did not skimp on the quantity of white chicken meat.  The fries were just fries, I think I ate 2.  They did mess up our son's order:  soft tacos with only meat and cheese, everything else on the side.  When they arrived with thinly shredded lettuce throughout the tacos, our waiter pretty much suggested we pull them out. You CANNOT pull out shredded lettuce from a taco...  He did take them back but it took a very long time to replace.  The quality of the taco meat was good though, not the normal ground generic beef.  The mixed drinks looked good, but my husband and I just had a draft beer (only 3 or 4 to choose from, but good choices) bc we were getting ready to spend ALL day shopping in the South Park mall.   I don't mind spending money for exceptional food, but I thought this was just a little over priced for the quality and service.  We would probly go back, but mainly bc the kids loved it so much, not for the quality of the food or value.
4	I'm not the biggest fan of chain restaurants, but Cheesecake Factory is definitely way above par for your normal chain.The menu is a little pricey, but you definitely get what you pay for. The menu is also HUGE. Part of that monstrosity is advertisements (annoying!) but there really is a ton to choose from.I have weekly (if not daily) day dreams about the Avocado Egg Rolls. Holy moly this appetizer rocks my world! Yes, it's an appetizer, but I actually order it as my entree, whoops. These rolls are chocked full of crazy amounts of flavor and texture. The middle is gooey and savory and the outside is crispy and delicious. And the dipping sauce, some sort of cilantro chutney... SHUT UP! It's amazing.I also really enjoy the Sweet Corn Tamale Cakes appetizer. These little babies are sweet and salty at the same time. Very filling. Nice presentation.My favorite appetizer salad is the French Country Salad. Veggie friendly and delish.The only thing I've had here I have NOT enjoyed was Evelyn's Favorite Pasta. It's pretty boring and lackluster, I do not recommend.And last but definitely not least, their namesake... the CHEESECAKES. Oh lord. Yes, It's okay to come here just for cheesecake. No one will judge you.I would like to say I've tried them all. Unfortunately I'm in love with the Tiramisu and order it EVERY time. Except for in the fall and winter when The Pumpkin Pecan Cheesecake is in season.
3	The food is usually pretty good when I go. Nothing to die for but it's pretty good.
3	Service was awful. Not an isolated event. Had to ask for water, etc.  long wait for foodNoisy with busboy clanging silverware throughout  restaurantFood is reproducibly good.  Louisiana pasta is my favorite and reason that we stop there.  Not sure that he food is worth the poor service though
5	You can not go wrong with the Cheesecake Factory!!  They have the largest menu of any restaurant I've ever seen.  Great meals and usually quite large.  I love the Thai Lettuce Wraps and the Orange Chicken entree.  Also the Red Velvet Cheesecake is out of this world!!
2	I want to preface this review by admitting I didn't want to come here and I don't like chain restaurants like this, but someone we were going out to eat with really wanted to go here.The restaurant was crazy busy and it's huge, so it was really loud.  The tables are like a faux-marble type material, so when the bus-boys were setting the tables and throwing down the utensils repeatedly, the sounds got real old fast.We went here for lunch  and got the nachos with chicken as our app.  There was literally 5 random pieces of chicken on the nachos and it was gross and the flavoring was super sweet, which is weird to put on nachos.  The chips were saturated in grease and I'm not really sure why...I ordered the Monterrey Burger to be cooked medium.  It was burnt/charred in some spots and completely brown throughout the burger.  It wasn't that great.  The arugula it came with was put on top of the hot burger, so it was all wilted and not the best consistency.  I only ate half my burger.  We all got cheesecake since we felt like we kind of had to.  I ordered the Oreo cheesecake and it fell short IMO.  The cheesecake itself was delicious! However, it was covered in thick chocolate cake and it was so rich - I didn't eat that part.Overall, it was pretty much what I expected from a place like this.
2	What a disappointing experience. After being seated, it took over 20 minutes for our waitress to arrive and take our drink order. She brought our drinks and bread which were cold and stale. We ordered the crab cakes & chicken tacos. The crab cakes were burnt, so we sent them back, and the tacos, ugh! And, we only saw our server when she took our order & brought the check. Horrible service & food was underwhelming!
3	I have to say, first, that the customer service that I received at The Cheesecake Factory went above and beyond, definitely.  My server was excellent and after an issue with a dish, the manager who visited my table also went way beyond what most would have bothered with, in particular since it's The Cheesecake Factory and losing one customer would seemingly not be a big deal, since I arrived at 5:15 on a Thursday evening to a packed house.  I haven't been to the Factory in years.  I don't like going to the mall and I don't like waiting an inordinate amount of time to be seated.  I had a craving for cheesecake, so I made a run here after work.  Since it's attached to SouthPark mall, there seems to never be any down time at all.  Even upon my early arrival I had to wait a few minutes to be seated.  No biggie, I was seated within 5 or so minutes and instantly greeted by my server, Bonnie, who was absolutely fantastic.  She had her hands full and the section was completely booked, but she did a fantastic job.  I heard a table near me compliment how well she did, after she returned to thank them for what I assume was an extra-large tip.The food:Fried cheese sticks:  6 triangles.  Thick breading, nice melty cheese.  Marinara that was served with was meh.  Tasted weird, kind of plain, but nothing offensive.  Fried chicken salad:  When they first opened this location, this was my go-to order.  Huge "normal" salad with fried chicken on top of it.  In the many years it has been since my last visit, the recipe has changed and I was not a fan of the new way.  The menu said "mixed greens" and I forgot that kale is no longer just a garnish.  Too much kale, way too much kale.  But the fried chicken served with it was quite good, as was the corn and pecans with the honey mustard dressing.  I picked through the salad, but it was mostly kale, so I just ate the chicken.  My server noticed and said she would bring me something else, but I told her it was my misunderstanding, no big deal, I ate all of the chicken and a few pieces of lettuce and that was fine.  Turtle cheesecake:  Eh.... it was okay.  Creamy cheesecake with a healthy swirl of whipped cream.  Large dollop of a thick chocolate cream on top, plenty of nuts.  It was fine.  The server let the manager (I believe he said his name was Johann) know about the salad and he came by the table and told me that had been taken off of my bill.   I told him as well that it wasn't necessary as I ate all of the chicken and what I could of the salad.  He again said it was taken care of and if I had any other problems to let him know.  Very nice and totally unexpected.  Excellent customer service.I don't know when I will return, but the great job by my waitress and the manager on duty definitely left a very positive reflection on the place, I just wish the food was as good as the staff.
4	I'd first like to preface my review by saying that I prefer to eat at non-chain restaurants too. But of the chains, I have a special fondness for the Cheesecake Factory. Back at my old job in Virginia I would take clients out to lunch quite often, and where did they always want to go? The Cheesecake Factory. Have gone there so much, I really got to try a variety of different dishes, from the salads, to the pastas, to the steaks, salmon, burgers, sandwiches, etc. I tend to order the louisiana chicken pasta or a steak. Or one of their great salads if it's lunch time. I was never a fan of restaurants with such an extensive menu, but Cheesecake does a good job. I cannot recall ordering anything that I didn't like. Don't get me wrong, I can't recall ordering a dish and thinking that it was my favorite ever, but Cheesecake is pretty consistent. And their portions are large so you feel like you're getting your money's worth. That's why I think it's always busy on Weekends for lunch and dinner. There really is a lot to choose from, which is good when you have a group of people that can't decide on cuisine that night. The service isn't bad. I think that people in general need to understand that when a restaurant is super busy sometimes the level of service dips a little bit. And not all server is created equal. In every restaurant there are servers who move more efficiently, make few mistakes, and...well...for a lack of a more eloquent way to put it...are just better than others. And unless you're a regular you probably won't know who's who. Having waited tables in the past I probably tend to have more patience with service. That being said I've had great service on weekends and off-peak hours here than I did on the weekend dinners that were had here. coincidence? I doubt it. Not much needs to be said about the cheesecake. It's always terrific. You know what to expect with the cheesecake factory... huge menu, diverse selection, decent service, great cheesecake.
2	Perhaps I expected too much.  It is pretty hyped up.  The food was OK (I got the Shepherd's Pie, Artichoke Dip, and my friend got one of the sandwiches).It was just so busy that we felt like we were being herded like cattle, and the service was pretty disappointing.
4	Me and my family visited The Cheesecake Factory for the first time tonight and was pleasantly surprised.  First off, we are not from Charlotte and we do not have a Cheesecake factory near our house.  We are Big Bang Theory super fans so when we saw it we knew we had to try it.   If you are like us and have never been or saw one other than on the show, then you will be in for a big surprise too!  Atmosphere:  We arrived around 8:30pm on a Sunday night.  The wait was minimal even though it was pretty busy.  We requested outside seating since it was a perfect night for it, and were escorted right out.  Tables were nice, and had a small candle on it for a nice little touch.  The building the restaurant is located in is very nice as well.  Very upscale looking and a classy place overall.  Much different vibe and style than was in the show.  ( Hang with me through the BBT show comments, I am sure others are wondering the same as we were. )  8/10Menu and Price Point:  As most others have mentioned the menu is very very extensive.  You would be really hard pressed to not find something that you like.  Very detailed which I like because I am a picky eater, and nicely laid out considering the size of the menu.  As for price, I got the Penne, My wife got the Chicken and Biscuits (think chicken pot pie), and my daughter just wanted cheese sticks.  We also got 1 piece of the Oreo Dream cheesecake and the total bill was 53.00 and some change.  Not too bad considering the portions are huge and the food was very tasty.  7/10Service:  When we first walked in the greeter was not super friendly like most places of that caliber but, when we were seated things changed.  Our waiter was extremely nice and super helpful.  He was very attentive despite being pretty busy, and took the time to talk to us and offer suggestions.  He even addressed my daughter who is 10, which most of the time wait staff just look at us for her order.  I liked that and i think she did too.  8/10Food:  The food was very good.  Like i mentioned above my daughter got an appetizer for her main meal which was the Cheesesticks.  She liked them and even made the comment she wished there was more.  On a couple they were overcooked a little but she didnt complain and just peeled off the coating.  My wife had the Chicken and Biscuits and she really enjoyed it and gives it a 8/10.  She could only eat about half a quarter of it due to the sheer amount she was given.  I got the Penne Pasta, and it was cooked perfect for me.  It was a little short on sauce but really was very tasty.  I did add a little salt, and I asked the waiter for some Parmesan cheese and he brought out a block and grated some fresh for me right at the table.  Im a big guy and I couldn't eat it all due to the portion size.  8/10 for me on the pasta.  I will definitely be back for me on my next visit.  P.S.... Haven't tried the cheesecake yet but its a massive slice.
4	This review isn't about the Cheesecake Factory themselves but a props to their happy hour. We all know Cheesecake Factory... big portions. An extensive menu. Stark white shirts that I have no clue how every server keeps them bright white all shift. But have you ever been by for happy hour?! Best in Charlotte. Hands down. Post up at the bar (HH only at the bar) and grab a menu. About a dozen different options, all from the Cheesecake Factory's regular appetizer menu all for $5 each. Chris and I decided to get the tex mex eggrolls and the buffalo blasts. They delivered the dishes and damnnn... full-sized plates. And if you've ever been to CCF you know how much food that is - and for $5! I couldn't believe it wasn't smaller HH portions!The buffalo blasts were piled high - 8 to the plate. And is a crispy, fluffy, deep fried pocket. Bite in and it is filed with juicy grilled chicken tossed in buffalo sauce. And as a huge lover of all things spicy, I was in love. I recommend with sour cream. Awesome cooling effect to the buffalo. We ended up eating 3 of the blasts and 4 out of the 6 eggrolls. Packed a to-go box and left highly satisfied. Only downside, I work in Uptown and the happy hour here goes from 4 to 6pm. To get to South Park after work is always a challenge so if I have my heart set on some buffalo blasts, need to slip out a bit early. And you must sit at the bar. Which consists of 10 seats. Not always the easiest seat in the house to get!
3	It was great years ago when Charlotte did not have as many places.  There are so many better places to go now.  The food is average.  The service is very good.  The dessert is excellent.  Overall it is a 3
2	I am sure that this is a pretty standard Cheesecake Factory as far as things go.  Maybe I'm not a fan of this location or maybe I'm not a fan of this chain period, but my last few experiences here have left me disappointed.One positive thing I can say is that they have an extensive menu.  In general, you would be hard-pressed not to find something you are in the mood to eat.  However, I've gone in there before and nothing has sounded appetizing - maybe it's just too many selections.  I can say that they have decent (but pricey) salads and I had good fish and chips from there.  I went there with a party and my boss ordered the barbecue salmon, which was WAY too salty for her. This was a day we were out to celebrate a co-worker leaving and had a party of four.  We waited almost 20 minutes to get seated, and then another 20 minutes almost before we could order.  By the time our food had arrived, we had been there over an hour.  This was lunch time, which was frustrating.  Our lunch there lasted over an hour and a half by the time we got dessert.As far as their cheesecake goes, this has been the biggest disappointment.  It used to be you paid $8 and got huge pieces which were big enough for two to share.  However, my piece last time was about half the size it had been before.  It looks like they are trying to scale back on the sizes.  And when I thought about it, I got one of the specialty cheesecakes and so only about a third of it was actual cheesecake, and the rest of it had toppings woven in.  Not on TOP, as you would expect, but cutting into the piece of cheesecake itself.  The cheesecake part was not as good as it should have been for the price.This location is swanky and nice, but every time I've been the service was very slow.  And since getting dessert and a lunch special was over $20 at lunch time, it seems a little too pricey for the quality of food and service you get there.  For me, "meh" just kind of describes how I feel about this Cheesecake Factory location.
3	I think the Cheesecake Factory is ok.  Nothing magical, but nothing terrible you know?  I went in on Labor Day at 2:00 thinking the crowd would have died down....but guess again it was freakin packed!!!30 minute wait, which I guess in the grand scheme of Cheesecake Factory wait times wasn't too bad.  The people watching during the wait is always interesting and the massive amounts of food and cheesecake that pass me always make me wonder what kind of money this place makes.The service was great, very attentive and friendly.  One thing I do like is the variety of food offered which is both good and bad, I guess.  We had the avocado eggrolls which are pretty tasty, I don't want to know how many calories were in them but nice chunks of avocado fried in an egg roll wrapper were complimented by a sweet and spicy dipping sauce.I had the mushroom burger which frankly was very good.  It was well put together with very flavorful mushrooms and swiss cheese.  The cover the burger in some kind of wine sauce which was welcomed.  Fries....nasty.  Too much salt ruined them.We skipped on the cheesecake (I know, blasphemy) but I figured I gorged on too many calories as it was and wanted to be able to look myself in the mirror afterwards.
3	I used to think this was the best restaurant in the universe. Thankfully, my dining tastes have come a long way since college. The cheesecake is divine, the entrees decent, but this place in NO WAY is worth a 40-minute wait at 5:30 on a Saturday night. Not to mention, the service sucks and the clientele was, um ... Let's just say Cheesecake Factory is 'fine dining' for the Applebee's crowd.
4	I have never been disappointed by The Cheesecake Factory. The portions are large so you definitely get your money's worth.
4	If you can't find something you love from Cheesecake's extensive menu, something is wrong with you. The white sangria was strong, sweet and delicious. Avocado egg rolls are perfect. Crispy exterior and soft flavorful interior. I like it dipped in their homemade ranch better than the sweet dipping sauce the egg rolls come with. Chili Rellenos were somewhat disappointing. The hot, melty pepper jack cheese inside is awesome, but the pepper has a very green pepper flavor rather than any spiciness. The crunchy fried outside is good but overall this was a miss for me. Not really worth the calories. The veggie burger was made with beets (along with brown rice, farro and black bean) and was not good at all. It was cold and sweet and bland. You can't go wrong with any of the desserts. We had the banana cream cheesecake, which is our standby favorite. And I also tried Chris' Outrageous Cheesecake, made with layers of brownie, coconut cheesecake, chocolate cake, coconut frosting (similar to the topping for German chocolate cake) and whipped cream. It was good, but I've had better.
3	Spoiler Alert!!! I didn't have cheesecake! I know! I know! I used to love Cheesecake Factory. I mean I would find any excuse to go here...but after a while things changed, the food was different and I stopped going. And then my friends came to visit from Virginia and where did they wanna go????  Our good old standby...of course! And here we go:Drinks: My favorite for a long time has been their Georgia Peach. Vodka, Peach liquor swirled with raspberries and topped with a mint leaf so it looks like a peach in a glass. Perfect! Always delicious, and most certainly expect to order two! Mmmmmm! Appetizers:We ordered the wings without the sauce. They were okay. A little dry but we just doused them in blue cheese and ranch. There are plenty of other options so unless you're craving wings try something else. We also ordered the Buffalo Blasts. Now these things are freaking delicious! It's chicken, cheese and buffalo sauce stuffed in a wonton and fried. You can always sign me up for anything with the words "fried, chicken and cheese" in the description. They were ahhhhmazing! Crispy on the outside juicy flavorful meat stuffed on the inside (and they are not stingy with the filling) served hot with ranch dressing...like Nike says Just Do It! You can thank me later! Dinner: I ordered the Herb Crusted Salmon. It comes with mashed potatoes and asparagus over a lemon sauce. I'm a huge fan of the lemon sauce (always ask for extra) but last night the salmon just didn't do it for me. Don't get me wrong, portion size was not the issue. But it was just very bland. The potatoes are chunky with pieces of the red skin, not a favorite for me but that's just my personal preference. The asparagus was cooked perfectly and dipped in the lemon sauce....simply divine! Overall, the meal was just okay. Nowhere near as good as I used to remember but not bad by any means. I'm sure I'll be back...and yes I'll make sure to get a piece of cheesecake.
4	I have heard a lot of good things about The Cheesecake Factory in my travels and on my recent trip to Charlotte I got a chance to visit one. I was immediately wowed by the general style of the place and felt like I should have worn something a little nicer. The staff was friendly and the menu was almost too big. Portions were decent and prices were about what you would expect. I got the Garlic Noodles with chicken and was surprised to find bones in the chunks of chicken they put on. Then came the cheese cake, which was fantastic. I would come here again, no doubt about it.
4	Thai lettuce wrap is bomb.com! It's like your own little build your own lettuce wrap station. Cheesecake wise, the red velvet cheesecake is delicious.. Makes my mouth water just thinking about it. I do recommend sharing the slice of cheesecake because the slices are good size but a little too sweet to finish it on your own. I think it's a cute place to have a date
1	I was really disappointed with my foods and services! We came in at 1:50 pm and waited for 15 mins just to order our drinks!!! And we didn't get our food till 1 hour later....and waited for 40mins for him to stop by so I can request for our check! This is ridiculous!!!!!! If I can give negative stars! I would!!!
4	You can never go wrong at The Factory.  Be forewarned that the menu is quite extensive so you'll spend lots of time looking through the pages. That being said, there is something to be found for everyone. Also, be prepared for a long wait to be seated. On this trip the wait was just under an hour but at times the wait has been closer to 2 hours. But the wait is always worth it. My6 husband and I tried the buffalo blasts for an appetizer and OMG! Amazing.  They are crispy fried wontons filled with shredded chicken, cheese, and buffalo sauce served with a side of buffalo sauce and blue cheese dressing. One word:YUM! A must have anytime you're at the factory. The drinks from the bar were great.  I had the Georgia Peach and my husband had an LIT. Both were good sizes and very generous with the alcohol.  For the main course I had the New Orleans Chicken Pasta and it was amazingly delicious. The plate was ginormous so I had way more than half leftover. My husband had the Steak Diane and it was to die for. Perfectly seasoned, juicy,  and cooked to perfection. For dessert i had my normal, Carrot Cake Cheesecake which was not as good as normal (a bit too heavy tonight) but the Vanilla Bean Cheesecake that my husband had was amazing. it tastes just like vanilla bean ice cream. Our server Will, was awesome and all the wait staff seemed very personable.   I love The Factory and recommend it often. This one did not disappoint.
1	I ate lunch here today and was completely disappointed.  I ordered Renee's lunch special.  It included soup, sandwich, and salad.  The soup was tortilla.   It was like some kind of much.  It was barely warm. The taste was awful.  The chicken salad  sandwich had almonds and way too much mayonnaise.    Besides that buttered bread was on the sandwich.  Nothing in the description said the toast would be buttered.  The salad was saturated with the dressing.  Even the unsweetened tea tasted old. My waiter was Mr. positive but didn't wait on me or ask me if everything  was OK.  He was concerned that my tooth picks that held the sandwich together was taken apart.  I told him that I didn't like butter all over my bread.  He said, "OK, just wanted to be sure that they didn't leave it that way."   I would expect that he should have asked me if I wanted bread without the butter but he didn't and got away so fast that I couldn't ask him.  He never came back to ask me if I needed tea or anything. The soup was so bad I didn't eat it at all.  I ate the salad or there would be no lunch. When he picked  up my plate, he said, I guess this means that you have no room for cheesecake.  I guess he said that because most of the food was still on my plate. Once again he sped off not given me a chance to tell him that the soup was awful.  Very disappointing.
5	These people just do good things with food. The only downside to our trip was the ~45 minute wait, which was to be expected at dinner time on New Year's Eve, I suppose. The Factory doesn't take reservations, so that's how it goes. Our server, Kenneth, was extremely enthusiastic, although he kept referring to my counterpart as "m'lady," which was pretty great and also slightly emasculating. I ordered salad with my burger but got fries; whatever, the fries were great, and there was enough ketchup for both the burger and the fries, which is SUCH a rarity at places without self-serve ketchup. She got pasta, which was also really good, and we shared a Turtle cheesecake. "I mean, the place is called the Cheesecake Factory. We ought to get some cheesecake." Everything was marvelous, as expected. Side note, the floor beside our table was really slippery, and we almost fell a few times. Other than that, it was a great way to close out 2013.
4	What's not to love about Cheesecake Factory!!!Been there several times (due to my fiance dragging me to South Park for shopping) and every single time the food was awesome. I tend to order their sandwiches as my fiance tends to get their entrees. I've only had one complaint (plain onions instead of the caramelized ones advertised on the menu) but it was minor. The service is awesome and the wait times have been short for us (under 5 mins). The star of the menu is the dessert selection. Can't go wrong with any of their cheesecake options. So much to try so we will definitely be returning....often!
5	Always great service generously sized dishes and fast service the best thing here is the chicken so whatever you get with chicken you're good to go I haven't had a complaint here in the many times I've been between the drinks or food but have yet to experience the actual cheesecake
4	I've been there twice and it's a good place to go on a nice date. I prefer the places that are more casual or they have their own thing going on, but I won't hold that against The Cheesecake Factory.This place is obviously known for their cheesecake, in case you couldn't figure that out by the name of the restaurant, so I will start by talking about what they do best and move onto the meal from there. All slices of cheesecake are big and rich enough to share. These things are huge and if you're eating one by yourself then you are either a mammoth or your pig. Don't hate! Just embrace the truth! My wife and I ordered the Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough, which had Hulk testicle size chunks of cookie dough inside of the cheesecake. With two big squirts of whipped cream on the top and the tip of the cheesecake to complete the imagery that I'm shooting for. It was simply amazing!When the waitress first stopped by to ask what we would like to drink I asked for water and an Old Fashioned. To which she replied "How hot would you like that?" That's when I learned that one of their burgers is called The Old Fashioned. As I write this I now realize that I should have ordered The Old Fashioned to go w/ my Old Fashioned, but let me tell you what I did get before I get too carried away. I got Renee's Special which consisted of a Turkey Sandwich, the Soup of the Day (Clam Chowder) and a House Salad. Very tasty! My only complaint on the food was that the bread, I believe it was Sour Dough was too hard. Not stale or anything, just the crust was hard as a Hulk sized... ...never mind.My Old Fashioned was very tasty and helped me take my mind off of the man taking his three disrespectful daughters out. This good man was taking his daughters out for an early Valentine's Day dinner and all three of them were on their phone and iPads. Hopefully it doesn't take him having a heart attack from the cheesecake he ate for them to realize how disrespectful they were being.I would give 5 Strong stars but I'm going to subtract one for how close the tables were. I didn't even have to lean over to take the food from the person next to me. I wasn't trying to make friend that evening, just enjoy the company w/ my wife.
5	My one student wrote her review for YELP! Club about Cheesecake Factory, so this is actually Fiorella's review (6th grade student):My experience at Cheesecake Factory was very delightful. The service was excellent because our server Angelo was kind and patient when we were ordering. The cleanliness was very good considering the amount of time the servers have to clean the table, since there are so many customers. The time we had to wait to be seated was understandable because Cheesecake Factory is always crowded. Overall my experience was very good. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to friends.
5	I love going to the Cheesecake Factory. They have a lot of variety on their menu! I love it! It's so diverse. My favorite thing is the Diane steak and the salmon. It's always so tasty and never disappoints. It's such a good place if you want to go with family, friends, a date. Only one in Charlotte!!
3	Your average Cheesecake Factory in a mall. It's super busy but the food is reliably yummy so you keep going back. Service isn't the best but they aren't rude, so it's fine with me. I usually have sandwiches for the Liz Lemon side of me. Try the ranch dressing with your fries, it's so good! We are big fans of the mango key lime cheesecake but I also can't quit my old favorite, cookie dough. It's yummy, just go.
1	Cold Crappy Food, Over and Over...Why do I Torture myself every time.The Manager is W E A K !!!Kyle Davis  - Manager
4	This place is always a treat. The menu is huge, with a variety of different cuisines. Some of my favorites are the spicy cashew chicken, and hibachi steak. The are both so delicious. Be prepared for a 1-2 hour wait on the weekends.
1	I'm not sure if I came in at a bad time... I came in for lunch with my friend and it was certainly busy. When we were seated our waitress was very friendly at first. She was very attentive (which she should be considering how expensive this restaurant is). I ordered the Fettuccine Alfredo and when it came out it looked delicious. It tasted absolutely HORRIBLE... It was loaded down with garlic and it ended up making me throw-up sick. I called the manager over and he didn't offer to take it off the check or anything. I told him to just bring me a burger to go. The waitress came back out about 30 minutes later with the burger and it wasn't in a to-go box. I had to ask her to bring me a box for it and she had an attitude. I said thank you and was continuously polite throughout my visit and she never said "you're welcome" or anything very polite back. Whenever I said "thank you" she just turned away. She wasn't horribly rude, but I definitely expect more for such an expensive restaurant. After we left, about 30 minutes later I had to go to the bathroom and throw up. I won' be coming back... This restaurant is not at all what it is talked up to be!!
3	Good restaurant but employees are horrible and rude. The managers aren't any better there policy of "we don't do reservations on the weekends" only Monday-Thursdays what kind of policy is that?!!??!?! Wouldn't it make sense if they just had reservations on the weekends ? That way they wouldn't always have such a long waiting list ???? The manager Kyle Davis or whatver his name is is so rude spoke to him on the phone and he got very sentimental and took everything too personal...such a girl!  this place is a joke only because the employees make it!!!!!
4	We had a great time at The Cheesecake Factory with our friends tonight!!  I ordered the Bang Bang Chicken and Shrimp, and it was delicious!!  The Wild Blueberry Cheesecake was awesome!!!  Highly recommend!!  One pointer, go during the week and do the call ahead seating.
2	Come for the cheesecake and stay for...well, the cheesecake.We ate at The Cheesecake Factory one busy Saturday evening.  The wait was an hour, which was really no biggie because, hey, you've got a huge mall behind TCF to browse through!  I was thinking to myself, "This place is so crowded it HAS to be good, right?"  WRONG!  From the perpetually pissy server to the horrible main dishes, this was one of the worst experiences we ever had at a restaurant, bar none.  The only thing that WAS good was the thing they are famous for, the cheesecake.  Of course none of us found that out until hours later; the food had made us all so sick we had to take our cheesecakes to go!  Next time I waste my time coming to this place I'll know to grab my cheesecake and RUN!  Run far, run fast!  Mickey D's has the food at this place beat.  The ONLY thing that got stars was the deliciousness of dessert.  The service and food both get a big, fat ZERO!
2	My two star review went to my server and the cheesecake itself. I was starving when I got there and was told the wait was 15 minutes. I figured I'd order a cheesecake to go while I waited so I can eat something. My pager went off so when I turned it in, I told the lady I'm waiting for my order. She took the pager and called the next name so I proceeded back in line. A guy calls my name and I tell him the same story so he said he was getting me seated since he can't hold tables and would have my order transferred. He said they were busy. Then he asked if I needed a menu and I said no.( I knew what I wanted. Not the friendliest guy.So as I get seated, there was a five minute wait for a server to ask me what I had so I have her the receipt and she took my drink order. I was starving at that point and saw how busy it was I knew I didn't want to eat there. My cheesecake was finally brought to me after my drink and surprisingly I wasn't asked if I wanted anything. I couldn't wait to leave.I love the Cheesecake Factory but this left a bad taste in my mouth. The server was nice enough to give me a to go cup for my lemonade.
5	Wait was a bit much, but we had a large crowd. Food was phenomenal! Crab wantons for an appetizer, Louisiana pasta and Oreo cheesecake for desert. My children loved the pizza! Our waiter was very helpful and timely. The facility was nice as well.
1	Ugh. Being a student at UNCC, I rarely venture to the South Park area. For my 21st birthday all I wanted to do was eat at the infamous Cheesecake Factory. We went around 3ish so the wait was only about 5minutes. Being my 21st I kind of expected for the server to at least notice when I got carded and ordered drinks that it was my birthday and he didn't. The drinks were good though. My boyfriend told the server as he passed by that I was a little hurt and the climatic moment I had been waiting for was ruined and he admitted that he only checked the year. Overall the food was meh. I got the steak Diane and shrimp scampi with mashed potatoes. They must pre plate the potatoes when you get the combinations because it turned into a molded shape in the middle. The shrimp and steak were bleh and I can't even complain that I only received 3 shrimps and 3 steak medallions because they weren't very good. Boyfriend got the teriyaki chicken and it was fatty. He said it was alright but the menu says it comes with a plantain. They had a grilled banana on it- maybe they expect people to not know the difference? Cheesecake was very good though. I will never be visiting again. The server did the bare minimum. We left spending $115 including tip but the boyfriend was charged $121. Even though it's $6, that's sketchy. Boyfriend called the manager and the manager said to call his bank because he saw that we were charged $115 but he had to keep explaining that he was over charged. I work at a restaurant and the boyfriend has a chef for a brother so we both are familiar with the service industry and I will never eat at a place with servers bold enough to readjust tips that have a manager that could care less.
5	Food here was excellent as was the service. We came on a crowded Saturday evening, but were able to be seated fairly quickly. Our server got all the order correct and the food showed up in less than 10 minutes. I was impressed with the flavor and would recommend here for anyone in the area.
5	I've been here like maybe 5 times and I still love this place. They have a wide variety of food. It's a very nice place. The only bad thing is sometimes the wait because this place always has people. Of course it's mostly on like Friday and weekends that the wait is longer but I still love this place. It actually may be my favorite restaurant in Charlotte.
5	Very good. You pay for it but it's worth it. Good atmosphere. Cheesecake to die for. Good service and they treat everybody great. I def recommend it.
4	I came here for my birthday lunch, and as I haven't been to a Cheesecake Factory in for-ever, it was really nice to kick it old school...*Pros*-Outdoor seating. Having spent the entire winter, and well into March in a snowy DC mess, it was great to sit on the outdoor patio at 4:00 in the afternoon with a Root Beer and a cool breeze blowing in my face.-Minimal wait. Maybe no one wanted to sit on said patio, but the waiting area was 50 people deep of couples, families, etc and we only had a 10 minute wait for first available. -That wide variety of menu items you know and love from CF, including a nice selection of lunch portions (and lunch prices). -Friendly staff. Something I miss once I moved to the DMV.-Quality ingredients, and tasty food. I ordered the lunch grilled salmon with broccoli and mashed potatoes for $13.95. The salmon was well-seasoned and cooked perfectly. Other dishes ordered at the table included a cheeseburger, cobb salad, and chicken wings. All were devoured. -Food presentation is great. I love the way they serve the dishes to you with thought and care.-Happy Birthday! My cheesecake plate had Happy Birthday written on it, with a pink candle for me to blow out! They also sang Happy Birthday to me. Ahh never gets old even in my late 20's!*Cons*-My broccoli was served cold. I mean ice cold. -The fountain drinks all tasted flat no matter what you ordered.-When my husband ordered after dinner coffee, and she asked if he wanted a refill she did not tell him refills were not free. Normally, they leave the pot, or bring the pot over and fill 'er up. Nope, he was charged another $3 bucks for black coffee. Party foul!All in all a great birthday lunch with good times and good food.
5	Today I was a bit disappointed in my experience at the Cheesecake Factory. I couldn't get cheesecake because my trainer took me there to reward me for working so hard. What a scrumptious delight it would have been to get a slice of Snickers or the Peanut Butter Fudge Ripple cheesecake. Hmmm, those so good I want to slap my momma. Instead, I indulged on the Cajun Chicken Jambalaya and the brown bread. The waitress filled up my Sprite three times. ( Too much soda, I know.) We were seated immediately and given exemplary service.
5	I have been to numerous places and had different quality service.  My server, Adrianha, at Cheesecake Factory was among the best.  She is very attentive and friendly and was very patient with my table as it took us a while to order since we were catching up.I ordered on the light side and had a Fresh Kale Salad and Lettuce Wraps which were both really good.  Each plate had just the right amount of crunch and tasted fresh.  I highly recommend Cheesecake Factory at SouthPark.
3	There is no denying the food is wonderful here. This review is about service. My girlfriend for lunch here on Saturday afternoon and we set the bar. I have the skinny menu in my hand and order the skinny shrimp summer rolls. If it comes out and I wondered why they were so big. After eating one, I asked the bartender if they were indeed the skinny ones. She said no, they were the regular ones but the only difference was there was more and they are bigger.  She asked me if it was too much food. I told her yes, that was why ordered the skinny ones.  She said oh sorry I didn't hear you say that. I get the bill and they charged for the regular ones. And they weren't going to fix it until I said something. Things like that drive me absolutely insane. I shouldn't have to pay for something I didn't want or order. I brought the bartenders attention, his demeanor immediately changed. RUDE.
3	Just have the cake.
3	I  prefer non- chain restaurants and haven't been to the Cheesecake Factory in six years, but amazingly the same menu items that I chose then were still on the menu. I got a Caesar salad with fried chicken and hubby got a buffalo burger ! Colleagues got a pasta dish, salmon dish, and chicken dish and all plates were consumed happily. Since we are all away from home we splurged on cheesecake too! TCF is typical and reliable. See you in another six years.
5	The Cheesecake Factory is my favorite restaurant. Some may find it odd that I rarely even get cheesecake here. Their food is very high quality. A huge menu which I've had the pleasure of trying out most of their options. A meal can range anywhere from $12 (for a burger) to $30 (for the filet). $20-25 per person is the usual on how much I spend. What makes it so great is the food is worth the price but portions are usually double or even triple size.My favorite appetizer is the fried macaroni and cheese. My favorite entree is the ribeye. And the best entree for the money, is the Cajun Chicken Littles. About 10-12 normal sized, delicious, hand breaded, crispy, chicken tenders, a scoop of awesome mashed potatoes, and some very good corn succotash; just a $15.99 price tag.Highly recommend TCF.
4	Really love this place.  It has been several years since I ate at one (probably while I was still living in Columbus - and that was over six years ago).  Sadly, I live in Columbia, SC, and this is the closest Cheesecake Factory to where I live.  My sister loves it here (well mainly for their cheesecakes), so we decided to make a small road trip up here several days ago.Unlike the name suggests, you can order more than cheesecakes here.  Even though we were originally going to have lunch here, we decided just to stick with cheesecake for dessert. Looking at their menu (briefly might I add and going on when I actually did have dinners here), you can get your typical dinners here (chicken, stekas, pizza) and price wise, it is the about the same as other dinner places you might go to.  The menu does seem overwhelming (as we were only looking for desserts) as this particular location was also running ads for other businesses in the area (not aure if all locations do this as well).Loved the decor as well.  It made you fell like you were eating at a classy place without having to be overly dressed and not paying over the top prices either.
5	One of my favorite places to eat! They always have good service and are fairly quick. Got the $5 appetizers today, and they were really good. This place may have long waits, but it is so worth it! Highly recommend.
4	For my birthday my fiance and I decided to check out The Cheesecake Factory and we had a wonderful experience from the time we arrived! I knew from reading other yelpers reviews to expect a wait so I was totally prepared for waiting and to my pleasant surprise our quoted wait time of 15 minutes went by fast while we looked over there enormous menu. The time finally arrived for us to be seated (patio) and our waitress Emily was very friendly and also very knowledgeable of the menu. Upon her suggestion I ordered the Jamaican Pepper Shrimp and Chicken with black beans, rice, and fried plantains. All of which was delicious. My only complaint would be the temperature of my was not very hot. My guy had the rib eye and fries and he devoured Evey bite! I ordered the 30th Anniversary cheesecake to go because my entree was sooo big but that's a good thing. You guys helped make my day that much more special and we will definitely be back!
4	The past few times I've eaten here the food has been amazing! This includes brunch and lunch. I didn't expect the brunch items to be that great but I was wrong!  A must try is the Baja Chicken Hash or the Lemon Ricotta Pancakes!  My new favorite lunch item there is the Miso Salmon!! Can't wait to go back! Only reason it didn't get 5 stars is because of how long it takes to get your appetizer/food.
2	Last weekend while running some errands in Charlotte, my husband, daughter and myself decided that it was time to hit up The Cheesecake Factory. Any other time we have gone, the food is always okay but pricey and we always get two pieces of cheesecake to share. This time around, my husband ordered the meatloaf lunch and when he got it, the meatloaf was dry and he compared it to chow hall food in the military. He said chow hall food was better than that! When the waiter came back like 15 minutes later, I told him that the food as gross. He took it away and never said a word. The manager popped up about 10 minutes later and offered him a menu but told him that everyone's tastes are different and they have never had a complaint about the meatloaf before. My thoughts were, "it's dry and tough....Who would eat that?" My husband just ordered a soup and salad lunch combo after he got another menu which was priced at like $15. The salad was horrible and the soup tasted like vegetable water almost. When our waiter came to the table, of course I had to be the one to call out the issues because my husband won't and I didn't want to have to pay for something that he didn't eat. Of course they did nothing about it. They just brought out the cheesecake and made us pay for a meal he did not eat or enjoy. Since I'm heading to Charlotte for my 24th birthday next weekend, I will definitely remember not to go back there and they won't get our business again. We will just mosey on over to Maggiano's for our next big business meeting.
4	Good family place. Place seems to be always packed. We had to wait 45 min for a table -normally i would go someplace else- but my daughter really wanted to go there and it was her bday so we ended up staying. Service was great and food even though took a little longer that usual was pretty good too. I don't know if i would wait another 45 min again but def would go back if there is no waiting time..
5	This location is fantastic!  There is tons if great shopping that can be had prior to your cheesecake fulfilling experience.  Some things I would like to mention about the restaurant:-The waitstaff are extremely nice and very helpful.  You will never worry about your cup going dry!  They also get the food to you in a hurry so that it doesn't every get cold, if it isn't supposed to be, waiting to arrive at your table.  -The bathrooms are always clean and fully stocked.  -The bar is an awesome area where the bartender is super nice and can help you pick the perfect cocktail to complement your choice of cheesecake (or food).-The food ranges from pasta to salads to seafood to anything you can think of.  There is no shortage of options when it comes to this menu!!  Lastly, the music they play is always best enjoyed on the outside patio on a nice afternoon with a glass of wine.  The patio is my choice of seating!!  My only critical review would be that the waiter who brought our cheesecakes to our table reeked of cigarette smoke.  Not such a big fan of the stuff and kind of makes me nauseated.  (Not really a feeling I'm going for after stuffing my face with awesome food)Love this place!!
2	How many times has this location served bang bang shrimp with only 6 pieces of shrimp. Forget that they have diverse menu n decent service so we end up there after the mall.Long story short, frozen n chewy shrimp the last few times I have eaten there. Today this happened again. If you can't afford the dish with good quality meat/ shrimp then please take it off your menu rather than serving stale n expired frozen shrimp in your food. Customers have other choices. One or two bad experiences can be excused but not repeatedly. That shows your food quality standards have fallen.
3	Ordered Curbside TOGO for an Oreo cheesecake, strawberry cheesecake, key lime cheesecake, and a Snickers bar cheesecake. Yummy!!!! They are open on Saturdays despite what it says here on the app! Curbside quoted me about 25 minutes, However it took longer than 25 minutes for my order to be delivered to my car, almost an hour. Ordered at approximately 8:24pm and finally received my cheesecakes at 9:15pm. The curbside waitress was polite and explained to us that the dessert orders were insane tonight so we understood! Cheesecakes were yummy though! :)
5	I've been to this Cheesecake Factory location a few times, and it has been awesome every time. It's a great date night place that's not TOO expensive, and always delivers quality food and awesome dessert. The service has always been very good when I've visited as well; the only possible complaint I have is the wait times on occasion but nothing against the restaurant. Excellent food and very good service!
3	This chain is always reliable. I don't go often, maybe once a year or two.  It does have good food, good service, and good dessert. I tend to get overwhelmed by the menu though! They have everything from american to mexican to asian. It is a bit crazy if you think about it. I ordered the lunch everything pizza, which comes with a salad this time. The portion was huge! This one order is certainly two meals in one. It was very good! I know the bowtie pasta dish is good as well. This was the first time I had the banana pudding cheesecake with fresh banana slices. It was amazing! Not too sweet. In fact it was perfect!
4	This place was okay for a Cheesecake Factory and I have been to several.  I had the chicken and biscuits and the chocolate mousse cheesecake. The chicken and biscuits was like a chicken pot pie with a buttermilk biscuit.
4	I enjoy dining at many of The Cheesecake Factory locations. I have tried many different appetizers and entrees and have yet to be disappointed. My alcohol infused drink was quite tasty, my skinnyliciuos chicken tacos were fresh and flavorful, and the Chris Cheesecake was delicious! I will agree with some of the reviewer's that the wait can be long and tiresome on a Saturday night. But you have to consider the amount of patrons and the establishment is not that big. I wouldn't necessarily say it was not worth the wait. And as another poster mentioned "Applebee's crowd" that pretentious a-hole should take his business elsewhere. I read of a decent, good and kind hearted man who is known and loved by many to this day who never judged and would not judge people, his initials are J.C. Maybe some of you know him, doubt the pretentious poster does.
4	Loved loved this place...i went mainly for cheesecake. Had the original strawberry cheescake. loved every bit of it. Located at fancy big mall in charllote. The wait to get seated takes long but u can waste time browsing through the stores at the mall. They do not take reservations during holidays like today 1st Jan 2015 very busy
