5	Another dentist put on some fillings and a crown in another city before I went to see Dr. Shim. Both became dislodged in the same week, less than a year after they were put in place. Dr. Shim was able to see me, and replace ugly metal crown and filing with beautiful porcelain in about 2 hours. He was very deliberate and explained each step he was doing them. I hate getting shots in my mouth, but he was very careful and was the least painful shot in my mouth in a long time. I really appreciated it.He didn't try to upsell me on other services etc. I really felt like I had his attention the entire time I was there and he was extremely professional  and efficient with my visit. I will definitely be going back here.
2	If you're only needing a cleaning, this is a safe bet. The hygenists are polite and do quality work. However, for fillings,it was the most painful, unpleasant,disappointing experience.I already had fillings by a dentist out of state & knew I needed one more for sure. Dr Shim wanted to do  5 fillings including replacing a few silver ones that were only a few yrs old ( That should've been the 1st clue!). I trusted and allowed 3. The anesthetic,he admitted,was too strong - numb literally to my eyeball plus I suffered bruising at the injection site.Dr Shim is very quick, deliberate, firm and has an aggressive approach. I had to make a 40 mile round trip to his other office the following morning because the original office was closed & he hallowed out so much out of the middle of the 3 teeth that it left the outside edges thin and sharp. When I got there he shaved down those sharp edges. Now when I chew food it feels like I have baby teeth there that don't do anything. When I told him these teeth are now short & my bite is uneven, his response was "I can't control that" and "Well, we need to do more fillings on the other side anyway".I sent a written complaint to the office. There was no written reply.
5	I have been coming to this dental office for three years , they have always been friendly and very knowledgable. I never have any issues with my insurance or care I get from them. My teeth are healthier thanks to them , doctor shim is very friendly and easy to ask questions , he gives detailed answers and makes it very easy to understand what he is saying. I have moved away from the office but still take the time to drive here instead of finding something closer to home
4	Excellent customer service, Dr. Shim is kind & patient! Helped with a tooth ached that was bothering me & going in for fillings in a few days.
4	My wife and I have been going to Ckornerstone for several years.  My wife has great teeth with few problems.  Mine, on the other hand, are falling apart.   I've found that Dr. Shims agressive approach to dental care is very preventive orientated.  He does dental work with speed and care.  I have no problems with either Dentist or hygenists who I'm required to see four times a year.
5	Excellent dental experience. Dr. Shim and entire staff have been amazing! Dr. Shim explained each step as he went making it a more comfortable experience since sometimes you wonder what all is going on in your mouth as you hear the drilling and such. His staff was very helpful, kind, and understanding
