5	I came up to Vegas for a bachelorette party. I didn't have time to get my nails done so I asked a dealer at Bellagio for an off strip  recommendation. So she told me about a new location called Leslie's nail spa on Rainbow and Blue diamond. The drive was a bit far but after getting my nails done, I didn't mind the commute.The good: the shop is brand new, so everything is new and clean. Leslie and Johnny are very friendly. It turns out they both have been doing nails for more than 20 years. Johnny is very skilled and did a really good job on my pink and white nails.The bad: They seemed to need more workers, I had to wait half an hour that evening because they were so busy. But the wait was worth it.The ugly: They are sooo far from The IE where I reside :(
5	I live right by here so I thought I would give this place a try. I'm pregnant so my feet were in sure need of a good pedi. I waited about 15 min, but in a comfy pedi chair. The pedi was amazing and my feet are so soft and polished!! Prices are comparable with anyone else but way better quality. Leslie was so nice and even hugged me when I left. I definitely will be back!
5	Finally a nice clean nail spa by my house! Leslie and her husband and staff are very professional and they take there time working on you. I went twice in one week (second time was to have mommy daughter pedi) what a cute idea for the little girl chairs.I will be making this my new nail salon.
5	If you are looking for a friendly place to get your nails done- this is the place to go! No catty woompanomus here! I came here with my sister who was staying in the nearby apartments to get our nails done and to get our eyebrows and lip waxed. Leslie made us feel welcome and she was very gentle with us! You can really tell their customer service and quality is their number one priority! Next time I want to get the ice cream pedicure!P.s. Don't be shy to ask for complimentary water or a soda. It was an early morning so they even had instant coffee!
5	I love this place! It is super clean and cute! The staff is amazing. Leslie and her husband are super sweet. They will patiently wait for me while I take 3 hours to pick out a color and they never complain when I request some crazy designs.  Their pricing is very reasonable and they do an amazing job.  I never leave their salon disappointed. This is my favorite salon by far! Highly recommend!
5	Leslie is amazing!  No drama just great service. And jasmine tea. Yay me!  It's about time we have a great salon near Mountains Edge.  Definitely my choice for nails and toes.
5	Love love Leslie Nail Spa! Leslie, Johnny and Chris are all ROCKSTARS!! This is my second time there in a week time. From Gel Pedi/Mani to a waxing, everything was great. I've lived in this neighborhood 5 years and finally found a spot I will continue to go back to, knowing they are Friendly and everyone does a great job. Thank you Leslie for opening this great Nail Spa where guests can have a relaxing and enjoyable experience!
5	Had a wonderful pedicure and fresh paint on my nails. I believe the man who did my nails was named Chris. Older gentlemen. Really nice and pleasant. Did a wonderful job. Very relaxing. The massage was great. Got a little anchor design on my toes by Leslie. Will def be back!! Go check them out. It's very clean too which is a huge plus.
5	This was my first time at Leslie's nails. I was hesitant because there weren't many reviews but I took a shot. Johnny did my nails. I got acrylics; nothing fancy. He said that I was in good hands because he's been doing this for 20 years. He was very gentle and made sure I was happy with what he was doing. There were only three people working there so it did get "busy" but everyone was working efficiently.  Probably will make an appointment next time just to be safe. All in all I am one happy customer! My nails are beautiful and it only cost me $35. I will definitely be back.
5	Well what can I say! It's definitely the best nail place in  the Southwest area! The interior is to die for, never have I been in a nail place so fancy and yet reasonable in price! They even have an area for the little darlings, pink chairs with a butterfly background. Leslie and Johnny are definitely the best in the biz, 20 years experience and they know how to treat their customers. They make the whole experience an enjoyable and relaxing one. I will not go anywhere else now that I've been here. I got the premium pedicure for $35 and that included the parafin wax and sea salt scrub! Best by far!!
5	This place is not very busy yet but that's okay because I was seated right away. $35 for a simple mani and pedi. My lady Kim did a great job. Didn't fuss when I asked her to do something like put extra paint on the side of my nails & etc. Leslie took the time to talk to me while Kim did my nails which was very nice. Will go again if I can [:
5	I went to Leslie's for the first time yesterday at the recommendation of my boss and all I have to say is FANTASTIC. I love my nails. I  skeptical about getting acrylics normally because I'm always hurt in the process, but here I was more than comfortable; physically and emotionally. The staff don't talk over you or to each other and the owners really made an effort to talk to me and converse in English which I really appreciated. Leslie herself was super sweet and her husband did a wonderful job on my nails. I got the claw type ones for 30$ and I LOVE them. I will certainly be back.
5	Great nail shop with wonderful staff. Leslie and Johnny are very sweet people and know what they are doing. You can tell that they love what they do and their number one goal is your satisfaction. Johnny did both my mani and pedi, and I am very happy with the service I received. He will listen to what you want (unlike some nail technicians, if you know what I mean) and is very gentle. I also got some hot tea while getting pampered ;) The only downside is you might have to wait because it seems like there isn't too much staff :( but the wait will be worth it. I'll be back again :)Thank you Leslie & Johnny!
5	Absolutely love this place! The owners are super nice and always greet you when you walk in. They always offer water and make sure your comfortable. The pedicure chairs are very comfortable and relaxing. I've been coming here since they opened and I absolutely love it. I always get the same thing, but they always do an amazing job.
5	Been looking for a professional and friendly place like this.  So happy I found it
5	I tried Leslie's Nail Spa last month because of the Yelp Reviews and location. As we all know, you don't go to just any nail salon unless you want an infection or ugly nails. This is my second visit and I got a very nice pedicure as well as a fill and nail design. Johnny is the best I've ever had with acrylics so far in my twenty years of getting my nails done. He does them thin and shapes them perfectly the first time. I had no issues with lifting either. For basic designs, excellent quality, good prices, and friendly people, they are the best. I will continue to come here.
3	My first time at Leslie's. It's close to home which is a plus. The place was empty the entire time I was there, they are tucked in tiny strip mall which is in a weird spot, but I pass it all the time and noticed the nail spa sign.I was greeted and taken care of right away. Chris did my pedicure and  gel manicure. I opted for the 35$ upgraded pedi since it had been a while and my feet needed some pampering. It was awesome, I almost fell asleep a few times! The gel manicure went well too, they don't have tons of colors and can't do a lot of the fancy art like some of the places in town. Chris did a great job, he chatted and joked with me at times and knew when to not talk so I could enjoy the experience. Prices are pretty much on par with most places. Everything was clean, I saw him open new sterilized instruments from their packages.I will probably go back again.
5	First time here Love this place Leslie did a grate job and she went along with my idea wean other places denied them.
5	This will now be my to go to nail salon for my gel mani and pedi. Leslie Johnny Cindy and another guy (I forgot his name) are super nice.
5	Clean and the staff is so Nice!!I recently moved to Las Vegas and decided to go here after searching on yelp. It is also 3 minutes away from my home. Love how they sterilize their nail equipment, don't have to worry about infections or fungus. Leslie is such a nice lady and knowledgeable on what she offers at her salon. Had questions regarding eyelash extension and she answered all my questions and more. She also made sure to tell me everything there is to know even the not so good. Which made me like her and this place more. Leslie did not lie in order to make a sale and i respect that a lot. They also give free refreshments, thats a plus for me!
5	Only had an hr and needed a pedi and a gel Mani. So Leslie worked on my hands while another girl worked on my feet. Great experience. Super nice ppl and will make this my new nail salon. SUPER CLEAN and friendly 5 stars all around. I'll be back
5	We love Leslie, Chris, and Johnny!!! Everyone is so friendly and makes it a real joy to keep coming back!It's hard to see from the street. Located near Mountain's Edge, next to the liquor outlet and Dotty's. On Rainbow between Blue Diamond and Windmill.We will continue coming back to this shop for as long as we live in Vegas! Would definitely recommend to anybody looking for a relaxing and fun pampering session!
5	Finally a answer to our nail prayers in the southwest area! Prices here are competitive to other salons if not better. This establishment was very clean and sanitary. Cindy my nail tech opened all new tools in front of me. Customer service is also a plus! They squeezed me in without an appointment. All the staff is very friendly and very polite. They definitely make sure you're comfortable.. As far as their work goes I have no complaints I got exactly what I asked for! Smooth nails no bumps, gaps or lifting. Flawless pedicure!  Baby soft feet :D
5	If you get the chance to have Chris do your pedicure you are in for a treat!  I can't wait for my next one with him!And no words can explain the finesse of Johnny for gels. A perfectionist all the way. Thank you!
2	The staff was super sweet, not gonna lie. But man! The very first AND LAST I will go there. They did a terrible job on my gel nails. My pedicure was awesome though  but when I told Leslie that my thumb nail was kinda messed up, she said it'll look better after it dries but it didnt! & on top of that the gel nail started cracking after 4 days. And from my experience,  gel nails are supposed to last 2 to 3 weeks. Mine is already coming off AFTER A WEEK. Smh -_-' definitely don't recommend it. There's other places out there for the same price and better quality. I mean, maybe it doesn't happen to everyone but I just can't afford to spend another mess up on my nails
5	Lalalallaaaalooove this place!Always looking forward to coming back! Both the customer and work is incredible.
5	I have been here twice now as the places closer to mountains edge were not up to par.  Both times I came, Chris did my gel manicure. Both times I have been super happy.  I have been able to wait four to five weeks between visits and nails still look great.  The nail shaping turned out great and I love the colors .The staff is really friendly and professional. Everything is very clean. This will definitely be my go to place
5	My friend and I wanted to get our nails done. I got mine done in Cali a couple days ago and one already broke! So I wanted to get that one acrylic nail fixed. At first, I felt iffy about the place. When we walked in the workers were talking to one another in Vietnamese. I didn't know what was going on. We told them what we wanted but I guess they were discussing something. Well, my friend wanted to get a regular manicure done so they sat her down and started on her nails. They gave me a seat as well but I just sat there. My seat was across the room from my friend which was a little odd. We talked to one another from afar so the workers figured it out and sat us next to each other. I guess I was waiting for the worker that was working on my friends nails. They just didn't say anything.I thought I wouldn't like this nail salon but we got to talking to the workers there. We found out their nail spa opened 4 months ago. Apparently I was waiting on the person who is the best at doing acrylic nails! It was no lie! When she did my one nail, it was so quick! My friend and I were shocked as to how quickly she finished my nail and how nicely it turned out. We wanted to go back for sure! My friend LOVES her nails even though it is simple. Her nail polished dried very quickly and she also loves the color. The price was decent also. It cost $3 to repair a nail and $15 for a simple manicure. I wish I took a picture of their price list. Also, they have a $15 minimum for credit cards.
5	Glad they are so close to my house. I had Chris as my nail tech and he was so attentive to detail. I've never had a guy do my pedicure before but he made me feel comfortable and not at all awkward. Did a great job and didn't rush through the process. They are really nice and this is my go to place now!
5	Great ,friendly service. Leslie did a great job on my pedicure and gel polish. I like how she is gentle. And my daughter was very happy with cindy. My10 year old daughter is usually harder to please.but she was actually pleased this time. Will be bac in again soon.
5	This is my new go-to place for pedis. I just walked in & was greeted promptly. Chris took me right away, and he did a fabulous job! Prices are comparable to others in the area, and this place is way nicer! Worth it! The chairs are the best, the massage settings are great. Also, they have a nice selection of nail polish & the bottles aren't all old looking & half used like a lot of places I've been.. Def the best nail spot in the mountains edge area.
5	What a GREAT place!! Service was wonderful and the staff is so friendly! Thank u Chris!! I will definitely be back!
2	Just got back from this nail salon. Purchased pedicures for both my daughter and I. I was really excited to go to this place because this was one of the only places that I found that had little kid themed chairs and services so I thought it'd be great for me and my daughter. I had to wait probably thirty minutes before we were taken to the chairs. I've read some of the reviews of this place on here before I went and some have said that they did have to wait a little, so that didn't bother me initially. After we were taken back into the chair a young girl, I forget her name, started on my feet. My four year old daughter was left in her chair for about 10 minutes while two other customers walked in and got started on immediately. That's when I started to get a little annoyed. And I am not one to play the race card, trust, but it was clear to see the difference in customer service. Finally after the customer that walked in was finished, Leslie started on my daughter's feet. She seemed a bit like she wasn't interested in helping us at first, but then I will say she warmed up in the end and even gave my daughter a hug when we were leaving. In all I'd say the end results were okay. Nothing spectacular, but not horrible. I would have liked to have received better customer service and definitely think I over tipped for the service that I received. There was a guy in there, I believe his name was Jimmy, who I thought was a little rude. When we walked in the other two girls greeted us and he just stood there. He was one of the ones that left us sitting in the waiting area but took other people right away when they walked in. I did ask later on if he did pedicures though to give them the benefit of the doubt and was told he only did acrylics. So I tried to let that go. But at the end when I was at the cash register getting ready to pay for my service I asked how much it was, because my daughter got little flowery design on her big toes, and was told the price of mine and hers separately. So when I was trying to add the total up like in my head and figure the tip into all of that, he felt it was necessary to blurt out the total as if I didn't f*n know how to add or something. Extremely rude! Ugh! I don't know if I'd ever go back there or recommend this place. Maybe it's just me being a little sensitive, I don't know. But I will say that I've never written a review on here until now but my experience there compelled me to so...
5	First time here..and was pleasantly surprised! They are the nicest people ever!!! I think I found my new nail shop in the southwest area!!
5	My new nail salon.  The entire team is friendly, funny and talented.  Leslie amazes me at some of the details that she recalls from my last visit and Cindy does a great gel manicure.
5	Leslie is the best. Ask for her or her husband. I love this nail salon it's so beautiful inside.  5 stars baby.
5	First impression was great , chris did such a great job I almost fell asleep when he was massaging my feet best pedi ever most people rush through it , but he took his time ! And the chairs are great the whole shop is very cute and they have an adorable area for munchkins with little butterfly chairs too cute it's nice to see that ! Really excited this place is right across the street will defiantly be coming back :)
5	This is a bit of a late review, but that's okay! About a week or two ago, I had gone in right before it got kind of busy around Thursday afternoon. Leslie was very kind of the phone and in person! I can't remember the gentleman who did my nails, but he did an awesome fill & color change (gel color on acrylic) my nails won't hurting afterwards, they looked amazingly beautiful and the thickness of the acrylic was just perfect! (Not too thick nor not too thin) I think I have found my go-to nail salon!
5	I saw all of the great reviews and decided to give it a try, very glad I did! I used to go to a place down the street and my nails would look good but recently my gel manicure would chip after a couple of days. I came here and was sat right away and out of there in 20 minutes after my French tip gel polish. It was also $5 cheaper than my old place and they look great!
4	I'm super happy I found a place close to my house. I am for sure will be back. I called in at 6;30 pm for a walk in and they were able to take me in for a quick pedi. Thanks again! :)
5	Super friendly staff and nice salon. Bright with comfy massage chairs. Clean and affordable.
5	I came here to get my nails done for my wedding. I couldn't be more happier with my nails. My technician dean was fantastic and made my nails look beautiful!
5	A friend and a went to Leslie's after seeing the reviews on Yelp. We were not disappointed.  The place was pretty busy but Leslie (the owner) did my pedicure and it was the best one I have had in a long time.  I upgraded my pedicure to get the parafin wax and it made my feet nice and soft. I had this done about 1 month ago and my polish still looks great. I paid $35 and it was well worth it.  My friend had a gel manicure and was very pleasantly surprised that she was not charged to take the old gel off.  Her manicure was perfectly done by the owners husband.  The people spoke English and were very nice as well.  The salon looked spotless and new sanitized tools were used for each person.  A nice plus were the massage chairs which worked great!  I wish this nail salon was near my home town.
5	I needed to find a new nail salon because of two bad experiences at my previous nail salon and decided to take my coworker's advice and try Leslie's. Boy was I glad I did! I may have had the best manicure of my life. I went in for a fill on my acrylic nails and also change the color of my gel polish. I arrived around noon on a Saturday and found an almost empty salon so Johnny, the nail tech, started on my nails right away. He was very careful and asked for my input on nail size and shape. Most other places I've been to, once the nail tech gets a general idea of what I want they get to doing my nails without stopping and asking if I'm happy with the progress of the nails. Johnny, on the other hand, made sure that I was happy with the process and how my nails were looking. He even managed to get my acrylic nails thin enough to look like my natural nails! I HATE when they glob on the powdery stuff they put on top of the nail extensions, making the nails look thick and fake. You can tell he has been doing nails for quite some time and that he really takes pride in his work. After everything was said and done, I paid $33 for my nails and it was the best $33 I've ever spent on a manicure. I can't stress it enough!
4	Johnny does my nails and is the best at acrylics.  I like this place and I would definitely recommend it.
