5	Wally's is fab. The decoration is like a classy den with some memorabilia and Americana, but nothing overbearing or tacky. Very casual and convenient, the bartenders are very friendly, and the place is seemingly run by people all very comfortable and familiar with each other (something I really like). Great beers on tap, some super wines, and the food is above average (lots of variety... think Village Tavern with an edge). It's popular with Arcadia residents, but is still politely tucked away, so you rarely have to worry about the crowds. They also stay open until everyone leaves, so getting a big party in late may not be a problem.
1	My first time here for lunch. I went with 2 other friends. What we had:Appetizer: artichoke and spinach dip with tortilla chips Lunch: fish and chips, and their special of the day meatballs.We got our appetizer and it was good. The fish and chips were a little on the greasy side, but what do you expect for fried fish and french fries. The meatballs... that's another story. They used a spice in it that had a very strong licorice taste (I think the spice is called anise). There were 4 meatballs for $7.95. I took a small bite off of one and almost gagged. I could not handle the licorice taste. I asked if I can substitute it for fish and chips and make it "to go" as we were running out of time. When the check came, they did not take the meatballs off and asked the waitress about it. Come to find out that the OWNER said "JUST BECAUSE I DIDN'T LIKE IT, I STILL HAD TO PAY FOR IT!". I WAS SHOCKED!!!!  I told her, then I didn't want the fish and chips. I only ordered a higher price item as not to walk out with only a $30 bill.  We ended up leaving paying $46, $8.00 for the meatballs that I only had 1 bite out of! It's a good thing I ate my share of the artichoke dip or I would have STARVED!I WILL NEVER BE COMING BACK HERE AGAIN!!!!!
4	This is a great neighborhood bar and grill.  It is your basic menu with some surprises and daily dinner and soup specials .  I always seem to get the same things every time I go... I either like the London Beef Dip with fries (fries come with a mixture of regular and sweet potato fries which are yummy) or if I am looking for something a little lighter I love their chopped salad.  They make a house sangria that is fantastic and they also make their own infused pineapple vodka which is very tasty too.
4	I've heard from several people that Wally's is like a Phoenix landmark... it's been around for awhile and they supposedly have a great happy hour!  Crazy that in my 3 years in Phoenix, today was my first visit to Wally's, but it won't be my last!I met 2 friends for lunch.  When we made our plans, they both suggested Wally's because of their convenient location and their 'caramelized vidalia onion & Guinness soup.'  I'm not a fan of french onion soup, but I really wanted to try Wally's anyways, so that's what we did!  I was acknowledged upon walking in by Chip, the General Manager... he was extremely friendly and suggested we sit outside since It was a beautiful day.  He was right - sitting on the patio was perfect!Service was attentive and cold drinks were brought out right away... we started with the hot artichoke and spinach dip for the table... yum!  Good thing I worked out this morning, because I didn't feel quite as guilty enjoying this delicious appetizer - it was really tasty, and a generous portion too!Of course, my friends Rachel and Lesley ordered the soup as planned - they both seemed to enjoy it.  I went with the Cobb salad.  It was your standard Cobb - with chicken, romaine and iceberg, diced tomato, egg, bleu cheese crumbles, avocado slices, chopped bacon, and balsamic dressing which I requested on the side.  It was good, but I think I was full from the chips and artichoke/spinach dip appetizer, so I couldn't finish it all.  Too full for dessert as well...I'll have to return to Wally's for sure though - they had a pretty impressive bar menu with a ton of liquor, beer, and martinis too!  I noticed they had a kids menu, and some of my favorite desserts as well (hot apple pie and carrot cake).  Wally's happy hour is from 4-6p M-F with $1 off cocktails & beer and $2 off all appetizers... I'll be back for more of that artichoke and spinach dip with a beer or 2 next time for sure!  See you there!
5	Where everybody knows your name.  Very refreshing to be waited on by Wally himself, I'll come back for the we serve mostly "regulars" feeling you get.  I don't think enough people know about this place but those that do come back for more.  The Cuban is my lunch of choice and the beer selection is perfect for happy hour.
4	I heard from a friend about this place. So i decided to give it a try, he so far has not lead me wrong. Once finding a place to park and entering, the manager introduced himself and was pleasant to talked to. A great place that doesn't have the "franchise" tag on it and definately a place where you don't mind coming back. Having the 'Frisco burger and Hefeweizen, I had no complaints...  the fries were mixed together, regular and sweet potatoe (nice touch). Decent selection of beers on tap, attractive waitresses and great people who you can see enjoy their job.Definately a place I intend of coming back
4	So after an exhausting day the man and I decided we wanted to be waited on for dinner.  However we couldn't come up with a style of food we were hungry for.  Now, when this happens my boyfriend invariably reverts to his inexplicable love for TGI Fridays.  I don't really understand the infatuation.  Friday's is fine, I guess, but when there are so many other better options why bother?  Plus there isn't one remotely close to my house.  So i start rattling off other pub-ish type places in the area where he might have a similar (but better) experience.  We settled on Wally's.  I had been once before but this was his first time.When we walked in, the host gave us our choice of seating and we decided on a high top near the bar.  As we settled into our seats and took a look around, we agreed that the ambiance and decor are homey and welcoming without being obnoxious.  In fact, it sort of looks like a low key Friday's.  Our waiter came by promptly and took drink orders.  Wally's has a decent beer selection and the bf thought they had a nice whiskey selection as well.  We noticed how good the calamari looked as it was delivered to a nearby table and ordered that to start.  As we waited for it to arrive, we concentrated on our figuring out our entree orders.  I ultimately went with the chicken quesadilla off the appetizer menu and the bf ordered the Frisco burger.  The server was accommodating and helpful, making suggestions and answering questions as needed.  He specifically mentioned that the chipotle mayo on the burger was fantastic.When the calamari arrived, we dug in.  The calamari well well cooked, with crispy breading and tender meat.  The marinara it was served with though was underwhelming.  We sat for a minute wondering whether to send it back or just deal.  Then, my bf said, "I wonder how that chipotle mayo would be with the calamari?"  Genius.  We flagged down server and he agreed that the mayo sauce was great with the calamari.  In fact, it was a  vast improvement.  They should just serve both sauces with the calamari.  Or ditch the marinara altogether.  When our entrees arrived, bf was pleased with the mix of onion rings, fries and sweet potato fries served with the burger.The burger was cooked to order and similar to a patty melt.  My quesadilla, while not Mexican restaurant quality, was decent for the environment.  It was tasty and I appreciated the sides of sour cream, avocado and salsa it came with.  Our server was attentive throughout the meal and checked in on us occasionally.  He offered dessert, but we were too stuffed.  Overall, we had a great experience.  I enjoy Keegan's as a neighborhood pub spot, but I like Wally's better. We'll be back for sure.
3	I would describe Wally's as "comfort food." The crowd here is a good, healthy mix and the restaurant is kind of hidden in the Camelback Corridor area. The pluses:- A great happy hour from 4-6 - Occasionally, you'll get a stellar sale on wine (A co-worker and I got a dry Riesling on sale for $12!)- Cozy patio- Consistent service- "Hole in the wall" feeling to the placeThe negatives:- "Comfort food" isn't usually healthy food- A little pricey for what you get...If you're in the area, it's definitely a great place to try.  But I wouldn't go out of your way to try it!
4	We rode our bikes here ther other night and had a wonderful time and dinner for two + 2 drinks for $25. The food was very fresh and the patio is great. The "hold in the wall" feeling Nikki talks about is dead on! Try it out sometime when you just don't know where to go!
4	I had lunch at Wally's on a day when I wanted to eat healthier--- let's just say, that day was shot I had to call for a do-over the next day.  But oh, my Wally Burger was good! Very laid back and easy going, I will return.  It's been awhile, but I will return. We sat on the patio and I really enjoyed the casual-ness.  It's hidden, so you  have to go look for it.  44th/Camelback on the NE corner shopping center. See you there!
3	Good solid American food, albiet high prices. Wally's has never disappointed me when I have been looking for a heavy, high fat, filling meal of American "cuisine." This place is a great spot to visit if you have no regard for your health but high regard for your taste buds. It's leaps and bounds better than your typical pubs, serving good quality food rather than the apropos french fries and chicken fingers. Sure, they will serve you chicken fingers, but I much prefer the Bourbon Street Pasta, a cajun pasta with peppers, cream sauce, sausage, and chicken?There is an upstairs, downstairs, and a nice patio, and they have a good staff. There is nothing groundbreaking about any aspect of this establishment, but you can always bet it will be a satisfying meal for anyone considering going to a bar for dinner.
3	Not a bad place to eat. A little pricey for what you get. Nice location with a patio. Good place for happy hour.
5	I have been dining at Wally's for the past several years. Wally's has great food and drink served by super friendly people in a family friendly enviroment.  The prices are also very reasonable.  Wally's is the Best  casual dining experience in the Valley.  You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu but for lunch I recommend the smoked turkey sandwich or fish and chips.  For those of you that like burgers, the Wally burger is great.    For dinner the chicken parmesan is outstanding.  I also really like their chicken marcello.Wally just also opened a second location in Scottsdale.  If your lucky, you may even run into Wally.
3	Great place.  Food is very good, inside is nice, good service, and overall a cool place.  This place caters to a slightly older demographic (say 40-60), but we still love this neighborhood pub.  Can't go wrong with the cob salad.  Try the pinapple infused vodka.
4	LOVE THIS PLACE. It is not pretentious but rather a great place to grab a bite with people who are glad to see you. Friendly staff, sometimes Wally will actually greet you and get your drinks. Great menu with salads and typical pub style fare but also awesome salads. Always recommend you ask about the special of the day. There are some great ones. I have not been for happy hour, but I will admit, the beer on tap and whiskey selection appear to be enough to satisfy any happy hour need. By the way, Tuesday is Ta-tor Tot Tuesday & the sweat potato fries can make it a toss up. So check it out...you will be back.
4	We are definitely fans of this place!  The veggie burger and wine burger are excellent. Loved the atmosphere. Very unpretentious as another reviewer posted.
5	Wally's has a fun Cheer's like atmosphere. It's dog friendly and allows you to bring your dog on the patio. I recently ate on the patio with a friend and our three dogs. They catered to us and our dogs were very chill. It was a wonderful experience! The Wally's at Gainey ranch has a Dog Days Sundays event every Sunday.
3	My dynamic trio (me, fiancee and a friend), who always seem to frequent happy hour together at new places, checked out Wally's last night after a hair appointment at Moments Salon (a couple doors down). We were seating right away at around 7pm, the place was packed (and LOUD) inside, so we opted for the patio, which turned out to be a bit warm until the misters kicked on at the pizza place across the sidewalk. Ha! But hey- sitting outside on October 1st in Phoenix is a gamble when it comes to the temperature...I immediately got the feeling that we had unwittingly selected a restaurant full of delicious secrets only the locals know about- you know, one of those places the Food Network would check out. :) And yes, in my opinion, Wally's feels more like a restaurant than a pub, since we were seated immediately with menus and assigned a server wearing an actual apron.After ordering pints of 4 Peaks Hefeweizen and Negra Modelo, we decided we weren't hungry enough for dinner and ordered the Spinach and Artichoke Dip and Prawn Cocktail. I enjoyed the spin-art dip- a more generous portion than most places are serving for appetizers these days, standard flavors, served hot with perfectly salted tortilla chips.The Prawn Cocktail was nothing to write home about- average-sized shrimp and the cocktail sauce was, IMHO, seriously lacking in "zest." Then again, I like a pretty kickin cocktail sauce, full of horseradish.I held back on the "stars" since we didn't order meals, but Chad, our server, didn't bat an eye when we announced we weren't having dinner- just delivered the check quickly and politely. I may up the "stars" when we go back- saw several menu items that looked enticing, including S'Macs- baked mac and cheese in several varieties, prime rib with goat cheese mashed potatoes and pan-seared halibut. I'll be back... probably soon. Got another hair appointment, soon... :)
4	I have been twice for happy hour. All their burgers are $7 during this time. I had one of the best veggie burgers I have ever had and definitely the best in the valley. My next visit I had the escargot with bleu cheese and it was delicious! I only wish the bread it was served with had been toasted otherwise it was perfect. I can't wait to visit the Gainey Village location.
4	Wally's is one of our favorite places to eat lunch and dinner. It has a neighborhood feel to it, and the food is consistently delish! The owner, Wally, and his son's run the 2 restaurants and treat everyone that walks in the door like an old friend--which I love. Their grilled artichokes are to die for, and the pot roast is a must, especially on cold days. The Danish ribs are the best that I've had in the Valley--they fall off the bone and have a devine flavor. Friday lunch special is fish tacos and they are absolutely wonderful! I can go on and on, but you must try this wonderful place yourself!
4	Wally's is kind of hidden gem tucked away in a shopping center on 44th Street and Camelback.  There's nothing like an evening meal on their comfortable patio after the sun has set. The patio is dog friendly as well. I've been here a few times and really have enjoyed everything I have ordered; my favorite is the Cuban Sandwich. My wife loves the Chicken Sandwich with the Brie cheese.Last time I was there, they forgot to send a server to our table for about 10 minutes. The Manager took responsibility for the oversight and offered my wife and I dessert on the house. We decided to share a creme brulee, which was excellent. That was definitely a case of turning a lemon into lemonade in my book.It's definitely been too long since I've been to Wally's.
5	On a recent trip to Scottsdale we randomly found this place and decided to go inside and boy were we impressed.  The ribs were perfect and amazing as was the fish and chips.  Our waiter Jeremy was a pleasure he made us laugh and feel welcome.  Wouldn't mind if he sat down and ate with us he was great!  Loved this place!
5	Food is spectacular. Best american food in this city hands down. Staff is exceptional, friendly, everyone knows your name. Wally... he's kind of a grouch. But whatever. I think he's just getting old... and tired of it all. The bar is adorable, the patio is so cozy and quaint, and the laughter makes this place a joy to be in. Great place.
5	My family and I are regulars at Wally's because at Wally's, regulars are family.Beyond the deep, deep personal connection I have with the restaurant I can tell you that the food is unquestionably great and the service is always top-notch. (There are a few servers and bartenders who have been there since the place opened 10 years ago.) My favorite menu items are as follows: 1) Cuban Panini 2) Frisco Burger 3) Meatloaf 4) Pot Roast 5) Spaghetti. The fact that Wally's can do all five of those things extremely well should tell you all you need to know.There is something old school cool about a joint where the Proprietor is almost always present and Wally's is that place. He's the guy with the grey hair and beard who probably handed you your menu. Tell him I said hello and that the Price family loves him like their own.
5	I love the Vegetarian Burger they make here! So delicious! A really good menu and a very nice atmosphere! I recommend it!
5	My husband and I were heading for the Cork & Cleaver for lunch when it was discovered they were closed due to a fire. Lucky for us we ended up at Wally's and what a find this place is. The employee's are terrific and they really seem to enjoy their jobs. From the moment we walked in we felt like our patronage was wanted. Very comfortable and the greatest part, the food was outstanding. We will be back and will bring our friends with us. Thanks Wally's for a great lunch
4	Okay, THIS place is the bomb-diggity!!! They are pretty reasonably priced for the amount of food they give you and oh... the food! Super delicious!! I've had a few different things there now and I'm NEVER let down!! Their French Onion soup is delicious and the cobb salad was outstanding! My ex always get their 4 cheese macaroni and LOVES it!!! You can NEVER go wrong with Wally's!!!!! :-)
5	Solid menu! Great food and good atmosphere. Everything that I have had here has been delicious. Burgers, Fish & Chips, and Escargot are all delicious. The fruit infused vodka is a must try.
5	Well what can I say.  Great atmosphere.  Good Pub style food.  Cold drinks and a cantankerous owner!  My wife and I have been coming here for years and they always do a great job.  Food is consistently excellent with good portions and the fries are always perfect.  Wally's son Matt has been hosting the place more lately, so be sure to ask him why he's so much less cantankerous than his old man?It's nice to see a family business do well as they all work hard every time you walk in the door to make sure you're welcome and that you're happy with everything.Cheers
5	One of my FAVORITE eats! Great tasting specials like the Ancho Chile Salmon w/ grilled Shrimp and green bean wild rice (pictured w/ a bite missing: couldn't resist too delish) to the Rodeo Burger, Fruit & Berry Salad w/ grilled shrimp, Meatloaf, Bourbon Street Pasta, Spaghetti w/ HOMEMADE yummy meatballs/spinach/mushrooms (ok ok ok basically everything I've tried lol) and happy hour specials!  Family owned biz w awesome wait staff that know you by name!  Been coming for years and always consistent and fresh!  Also, will cater to special dietary needs to make it really healthy for you. Thanks for taking care of me always!
2	I have been to this place for drinks and possibly food over a year ago. It was time to stop by for a casual dinner. I was eating light this night so ordered a salad which said : field greens, apple, berry, fresh mozzarella, and I added chicken. This dish was an embarrassment to salads. Hardly any greens, maybe half a chix breast, and mozzarella u could barely notice. Husband had chix parm: nice size dish he liked it. This is a cool place to have a drink but the food NO WAY. It is not memorable and there are too many other food places close by.
5	Great place for really good food.  My husband and I have always enjoyed everything that we have had at Wally'sJane Lynch
5	One of my favorite haunts. They know you by name and what you like! Great patio!  Great food!  Great staff!
4	Wally's bills itself as a neighborhood grill - it's in our neighborhood so we like to frequent it. The food is good and the portion sizes are enough to take some home and have the next day. I tried the french dip with prime rib for the first time and it was mighty good! I'm not a fan of liver and onions, but have been told that Wally's knows how to make it taste yummy. Great atmosphere, nice outside eating area, great menu selection. All around a good place.We did have a strange occurance after our last visit. We went with friends and split the tab 50-50. While we were in the parking lot saying our goodbyes to our friends, the waiter came out & asked if everything was ok - if our experience was good. We all said yes, and he said he just wondered because when he gets a 10% tip, he'd like to know why. I know we gave him a nice tip - I have no idea what our friends tipped, but I thought it was incredibly rude that he would come out to question us! We've never had this experience at any eating establishment anywhere - I was really taken back. This is not indicitive of Wally's - but Wally, if you read this, please know this didn't set well with a "Wally's Club" member.
4	Love Wally's - just an outstanding neighborhood bar and grill. Myself and my friends visit Wally's often and we are huge fans. The restaurant is always clean and inviting, the food is consistently excellent, and the service is terrific. Also, if you're a draft beer fan, they have a great selection. I highly recommend the chop salad with cold chicken!!
4	This has been on my "to try" list for ages. We live down the street, we need a watering hole, and most importantly one that allows dogs. We found it. I almost don't want to shout out the rave reviews too loudly because it's so cool and I don't want to attract any uncool-ness with rave reviews. But I do want to give props to a terrific establishment.The interior is beautiful, I love the lofty feel over the bar. The crowd was a nice mix and good representation of our Arcadia hood. Not too rowdy, not too stiff. The ambiance was set up very well, with a little sports flair but casual dining as well away from TVs.The waitstaff is attentive and genuine. The food was above-average pub fare with plenty of veg options for us meatless mongers. The only minus was that while the patio allows dogs, not ALL areas of the patio are dog friendly according to our host. So we had to sit away from the bulk of table and couldn't sit under the heaters (which also apparently couldn't be moved). It was 50* out and pretty chilly, so I'll plan for that next time.
4	This is for Wally's American Pub/Grill over on Double Tree Ranch Road in Scottsdale - just off Scottsdale Road.  Very good food and a delightfully designed restaurant.  Excellent for a casual meal or for bringing business clients. The food is first-rate!
2	Happened to be in the neighborhood and this location fit the bill for lunch recently.  They have a nice (dog friendly too) patio with plenty of shade and greenery.  I like patio dining and this worked well.   Unfortunately our lunch was only fair.  I had a caprese salad - mozzarella was perfect as were the greens & balsamic dressing but the heriloom tomato was rock hard.  Nice idea but try to eat green tomato as one of the main features of a salad, not so good.  Shouldn't they atleast try to serve a partially ripened tomato?  I mean someone had to hack through this rock to put it on the plate.  Burger was good, nothing spectacular - accompanied by a side salad loaded with onions and some funky version of their bleu cheese dressing (lots of pepper).  Our waiter was so-so.  One of those guys that doesn't write anything down and doesn't remember anything you specially requested.  And forget about returning to the table to see how everything is after food was delivered.  We had to track HIM down.  Maybe this was an off day or perhaps I  ust ordered the wrong thing.  I might go back if I were in the area again - if only for the patio experience and I'm not particularly hungry.
4	An Irish pub on St. Paddy's day must be done!  I came here on Paddy's day for a few beers and lunch.  This is a place I could see myself frequenting once a week.  It has a down to earth vibe to it even though its in Arcadia.  I had the Shepherds pie for lunch.  I wasn't a fan of it, but it wasn't god awful.  I've definitely had better.  I just wish you could smoke on the patio!
5	God this place is good.  Stepping into their dinning room is like being with friends.  It's quaint and comfortable and the servers are always friendly.  As for the food, it is equally as enjoyable.  The mac n cheese is to die for and the fish n chips is the best I've had in the valley.  Their homemade tartar sauce is what really sets them apart. It's a little tucked away, but quite the gem.
4	Great spot to stop in for a last-minute decision on dinner.  Happened to be a Sunday night and they had half off wine by the bottle (score!) As I was in a pickle-y mood, I decided to get the Cuban sandwich.  This is maybe my favorite Cuban to date!  There were SPEARS of pickles, chipotle mayo, roasted pork loin, thick sliced ham and a grain mustard piled high on a ciabatta-type bread. It was reaaallll good. Came with mixed fries (half sweet potato) which was just what I wanted... I only ate half and the other half was my lunch today (still delicious when cold.)Wally's has 'Blue Plate Specials' that change every day. One of our party got the Iron Skillet Chicken which he ate all of... The special comes with dessert, white chocolate bread pudding, which I got to nibble on since he doesn't like raisins (double score!) Overall, the food is really good and very fair priced. The wine was also priced really well and a bonus at half off.  Our server was prompt, made great recommendations and never let our glasses go empty.  I hope to get back here soon!!
4	Great food, great relaxing pub atmosphere filled with neighborhood locals.I love the wedge salad, my kids love the burgers and my husband loves the prime rib and french dip. I have not had a bad meal here and it's a great place to hang out.
4	We are a group of 7 who call ourselves the FNF (Friday-Night-Foodies). We eat together nearly every Friday evening. We like good service and good food and are willing to drive anywhere in the Valley and pay for a great evening. We often go to Wally's on 44th and Camelback. Wally's has neither the best food nor the best service of the restaurants on our FNF list, but it ranks high in terms of being the most consistent, predictable and dependable. It is also high on our list in terms of value for the money. The wait staff is competent, pleasant and accommodating. The food is darn good and reasonably priced. When we want an easy, decent meal in a relaxed environment without spending a fortune, Wally's is our go-to-place.Our favorites are the Chicken Vesuvius, Chopped Salad and the good old Pot Roast or Meat Loaf. The daily special fish entree is always enjoyable. I could not review Wally's without mentioning the burger. We have been to every "designer" burger place in the Scottsdale and Camelback Corridor area. There isn't a better burger anywhere than the one at Wally's. If you get there before 6 pm, you can even get it on happy hour at a discount. So, Wally's is a FNF favorite because the food, ambiance and service are good, consistent, and dependable and because you get a good deal overall. Well done Wally.
5	service is always fantastic.  food is consistently amazing.  i have enjoyed this place for years.  I highly recommend any burger they make, and also every soup they have, especially the chili, which typically has prime rib in it.
4	So we went into Wally's American Pub N Grill with not to high an expectation but the clever , cheers feel with all the wood accents really help set the place apart. When looking at the menu I noticed that we scored a home run. Friday Night Blue Plate Special is a generous 10 or 14 Oz. cut of slow roasted prime rib with some mashed potatos. Anyways to make a long story short, try it, if you like that Americana feel bar atmosphere with a relatively small inside supplemented by an adequate seated patio where families with children feel comfertable bringing their kids. We had great service, were catered to thoughtfully and the food was more than adequate. Great little find in a shopping center close to the house. I will defintely go back again..
5	This place is a secret place that you have to be "in the know".  The food is so scrumptious.  I have a very hard time keeping on a diet when I'm eating at Wally's.  There are plenty of wonderful healthy foods but I just love their sweet potato fries. and their Burbon Street Pasta. The moment you walk in you see this gorgeous long antique bar that looks straight out of Tombstone. Of course me being a "bar" connoisseur this is the place I want to sit.The staff is so wonderful. The food is the best in town.  I hope to see you there because I will be there many times.
1	This review is about rude, rude Wally. First off, as my 80 year old mother and I were coming in slowly, he said "hurry up, old lady."  The food was ok, frankly not one thing to talk about.  A $10 - $14 burgers and salad kind of joint.  My son ordered the halibut special. The bill for a plate with some rice, green beans, and a piece of halibut was $26.95!!!!! I told Wally I thought that was too expensive for a restaurant like his. His response was, "I guess you haven't eaten in a restaurant lately." well, Wally, no way am I stepping back in yours.
5	Wally's is an upscale pub with a price tag to match but the menu is carefully thought out, well prepared and (usually) served with a smile.
5	Had dinner at Wally's based upon a recommendation of a friend, and it is definitely a place to add to your favorites while in Phoenix.  A family run establishment which has great food and drink selections.  A real Pub, with a casual atmosphere and it's not sports bar-ish.  Ask for the daily specials.  The ribs are great but get there before they run out.
3	As in the name, a pub type atmosphere.  Food was way overpriced for pub food. $10 for a wedge salad and $12 for a burger.  Service was mediocre, waitress seemed more interested in helping out some friends than customers.
5	This is one of our favorite neighborhood "go-to" restaurants.  I am surprised by some of the reviews of poor service....we have always been impressed by the service.  We are always greeted with a smile by Wally or his son.  We often have our young kids in tow, and have always felt they are just as welcome, even with Wally's being an "upscale" pub.  I especially enjoy sitting on their patio... it is one of the best in the area.  As for the food.... We've tried most of the items on the menu, and haven't been disappointed yet.  Even the kids' mac'n'cheese is to die for!!  My favorite is the chinese chicken salad.  Good variety on the menu with consistent quality of food.
5	Always delicious and usually exceptional service! Love this location and the food! I will be a repeat customer for sure. The salads are always fresh and the food is so flavorful and amazing.
4	I've lived close to Wally's for a few years and have never been there until tonight. Shaun was the most amazing waiter and we, we'll I, couldn't decide. He told me to pick three and he would surprise me. My man ordered Bourbon Street Pasta, which was fantastic and I was pleasantly surprised with Chicken Vesuvius out of the the three, I could not decide on.  Excellent food, excellent service! Great place!
4	Great place for some good old-fashioned 'murican grub!I came with the infamous Tom, who is well known in the pub, and that told me right off the bat this is an awesome place to come! We had a great waitress who was quick and friendly!I had the Home-Made Veggie Burger, and would recommend it, if you are into that kind of stuff. It was incredibly juicy, sticky and impossible to really eat like a regular burger. But, alas, I guess that is what you get! The flavor was spot on, just had to use the fork to get to it.I also really enjoyed the mixed fries! I had never had sweet potato fries, but I'm willing to try them again!Also, the mac 'n cheese plate looks amazing. Killer and heart-burning, but delicious.Kinda pricey, I thought, but I haven't been around the area too long yet.
4	What a great neighborhood restaurant! The atmosphere is cozy and friendly, the food is tasty and the prices are reasonable. What more can you ask for? We came here for dinner and sat at the bar but will definitely take advantage of their spacious outdoor patio next time. I ordered the veggie burger with a honey glaze coat which was amazing! My husband got the French dip and I stole a delicious bite. I want to order that next time. The sides were the best because they provide a mix of regular fries, sweet potato fries and onion rings! Perfection!
5	YUM!  We live 45 minutes away from here and still have to come at least 1-2 times a month.  Good prices, fresh food, great tastes!  The blue plate specials are awesome.  Prime Rib is always on point!
5	Went here on a work luncheon, not expecting to see a line out the door at 1:00pm on a Wednesday.  After being sat, and greeted by our server, I could see they had a great customer service protocol as we had our drinks within 2 minutes.  I followed suit with the others and ordered their wings "Wally Style" and onion rings.  Usually with appetizers, it takes something pretty special to make me happy, but the wings were fantastic!  Crispy, flavorful, only the drums, and sauce on the side.  The onion rings were so good also, that I brought my girlfriend back that Friday to try their other food.  We started with the escargot, and then I had the bangers n' mash, and she had the fish & chips.  The entire meal was phenomenal, and the service was perfect.  Couldn't recommend more.  My new guilty place to go when I have time to enjoy my lunch during the week.
5	Wow! My first trip to Wally's .... and I got to meet Wally! Neat-O! Not only is he the bees knees he was hands on. I was, quite frankly, surprised by that. But more on that in a minute!To frame my experience, I popped in on a Tuesday night during the dinner rush. One of our friends had hopped on over ASAP to nab a table. (Apparently this place is hopping. She was spot on!)It's a really cute place that is friendly to all sorts of different folks. If you want to watch the game? Sure! TV at the bar. Feel like eating at the bar? Yep!Casual dining? Absolutely.Dinner date (where you want to impress)? YES. I was (not on a date) but did see a number of couples engaged in serious conversation over wine. It's not too loud of a place (at least on a Tuesday night) to foster intimate conversation. For dinner I followed the menu's guidance (and then asked Wally himself). Chicken Vesuvius is w-o-n-d-e-r-f-u-l! Chicken medallions, artichoke hearts, kalamata olives, 'cider' smoked bacon (HOH MY) with plenty of herbs and spices. My meal was served with a hearty portion of salad and (HOH MY) horse radish mashed potatoes.1) The chicken was cooked to perfection. Not a hint of dryness!2) The chicken wasn't bathed in oil. That sounds like a terrible way to describe it, but, I didn't feel like I was tossing a gym session out the window. That being said, note that portions are on the very [very] generous side. I took 2/3rd of it home.Right. So about Wally, the impeccable service and a delightful experience... Let's see...Our server described the specials with such delight that I only wished I was going off menu. But no! I wanted something "regular" on the menu. Wally was incredibly helpful in helping this first timer navigate the full menu. (Alas, the house was out of the nightly special of ribs.) Wally has a comedic sense of timing. Watch out!Ok, so what's the deal with Wally's fantastic beard? Were you thinking Ernest Hemingway? Why yes! In fact, Wally and his son enter a contest every year for the best E. Hemingway beard in FL. [Drum Roll] They are 2013 crowned winners!This is a great spot if you're popping in to AJ's. Loved it!
4	Tried this place based on a recommendation and I was happy I did.  Wally seated us and he was really friendly along with all of the other staff.  They have great happy hour deals including delicious burgers!  Their mac n cheese was also really good.  We will definitely be repeat customers.
1	The first time that I went into this place I thought that it was okay. I did not feel like it lived up to the rave reviews but it was good enough to bring me back to enjoy some food and drink with an old friend.  That time I had ordered their shrimp cocktail while I waited for my friend to arrive, I was starving! As I was eating, the owner (I assume) came up to introduce himself and asked if I live in the area (most of the patrons do)...as I turned back towards the bar to eat my very last jumbo shrimp, the Katie Perry look alike grabbed my food and dumped it in the trash! She never even asked if I was finished. I asked her if she decided that I was done eating and then she asked if I wanted another shrimp from the kitchen but I felt awkward at that point and told her no. She still brought me one lonely shrimp on a huge plate with no cocktail sauce. The sauce is what makes the shrimp cocktail. My friend and I then ordered their spinach dip.  The dip was brought out and as the plate was lowered to the bar, my chips were sliding off onto the bar and she just scooped them back on to the plate. I personally was not thrilled about that. I scooped some spinach up on to my dirty chip, blew on it a little and took a bite. This dip was the hottest (heat wise) thing that I have ever had in my mouth. I would compare it to biting the rack in a broiler.  I was never warned that they heat their dip up so hot. I guarantee the work of a microwave! I burned myself so bad that my mouth was peeling and bleeding. It took over a week of peroxide rinses, colloidal silver rinses and salt water rinses to heal my mouth. My mouth is actually scarred inside! This burned me so terribly that my teeth were sore, my jaw hurt and even my sinuses on that side of my mouth hurt. When I stopped in to tell the brunette bartender about my burn and I advised that they should warn people about how hot they make it, she replied with "Well, don't scarf your food down, let it cool first." Totally rude, offensive and bad customer service with a reply like that. That same night that I burned my mouth, my friend was using their hot sauce to spice up her chip and the bartender came over and started twisting the lid back on without asking if she was done and my friend had to stop her from taking it away. She clearly has issues with letting people finish their meal. When it came to the bill she had to ask us how many drinks we had because she wasn't keeping track... It seriously was not a lot of drinks to keep track of either. I think this place would be OK if it wasn't for this bartender. I did order a salad on a separate occasion (when I warned her about the hot dip) and that proved to be disappointing as well, way too much dressing and she kept giving me a hard time for not drinking during my work hour. Booooooo!!!
4	Thank god for the delicious food, because the poor service I've received from Shannon on numerous occasions for take-out would have deterred me from coming back a long time ago.
1	Stopped in during happy hour for a light bite and a drink. Sat at the bar and ordered a glass of their house Cab. With one other person at the bar, you'd think the service would be reasonable. The only other time I saw the bartender was when my glass was empty. I ordered another thinking she'd offer me a menu at least...never happened!! So I paid requested my bill and went somewhere else to eat. Btw, my bill for 2 glasses of "house" wine during happy hour was more than $15!!! Other servers appeared to be much more customer-focused.
5	One time I did dine at Wally'sA s'mac it was great with much cheeseI look left I look rightIt's been a great nightTheir staff is chalk full of hotties.
5	Got the bacon burger. It was so delicious. The cheddar was so good on this. I was really surprised by how much I liked the mixed fries as well. The sweet potato mixed with normal one was a nice twist. Will go again.
1	We wanted to like Wally's as we live close and like to eat out often. But we have gone there a few times now and we have not had a good experience.  The food is ok, but the service and ambience leave a lot to be desired.  We like to sit at the bar to keep it simple, but the bartender couldn't wait for the night to end. A. request for water was ignored, as well as just ignoring us in general.  We looked around and the servers seemed to be staring at customers hoping they would just leave.  No one greeted us coming in, and true to form, no one thanked us on our way out.  We like to eat out and we prefer to stay close to home, but we will travel farther to go to a restaurant that wants our business.
4	Wally's is my good ole go-to! It seems that there are very few decent straight up American restaurants in the Biltmore/Arcadia area. Whenever I'm not sure what I'm in the mood for, or don't want to be bothered with a hustle & bustle type place, Wally's it is! Don't expect to order healthy here, their menu is more on the side of comfort food, that being said I've never had a bad meal. The portions are very generous, and the prices are reasonable. The service here is so welcoming, they treat you as if you've been coming here for years. They have great sangria and lots of decent beer on tap to go with their delicious food. My favorite dish so far has been the Prime Rib dip, it's fantastic and full of flavor, and they also have awesome fries (a mix of sweet potato and regular). This place is totally worth the cheat! I highly recommend Wally's, as it's a great local restaurant.
5	Got the gyuere and slab bacon s'mac. It was AMAZBALLS. There are about a dozen other things I want to try but so far so good. I can't wait to try something else.
4	Really some of the best food and ambiance you will find.  We have been regulars at Wally's for more than 7 years and meet up with friends for dinner there at least twice each month.  It can be a little loud inside when it's busy but the outside seating is terrific as well!
2	Can years of good service and food be off set by one HORRIBLE evening? Maybe... Went to Wally's with group of 5 people. The food was Wally's standard but the service was really bad. The server was rude, un-accommodating and slow. She forgot things (like a salad) and started invoking "new rules" about taking more than 3 credit cards for a group (even though equally split). She also lectured us on how she would apply the Wally's dicount card. It wasn't so much about the money, it was about the awful way she made us feel. If they want to discontine the discount cards, do it - don't come up with a bunch of arbitrary rules at the last minute... that just ruins things. Wally's faces new competition in the neighborhood and if they want to stay in business they need to focus on service and keeping their long standing clients happy. The food is never the BEST or  WORST in the valley but the local feel and comfortable service are the big draw. Without that, there is no reason to go there. Although we've eaten at Wally's at least once per week for more than 5 years, sadly, it will be quite some time before we return. Phoenix resturants compete in a service industry and when service is gone there is little reason to stick around- there are too many other, good options. I'm giving my review a 2 rating because the food was OK. Based on service, I'd give it a zero!We're looking forward to Steak 44 and The Henry is wonderful. Wally, bye bye for now. Clean up your act and maybe we'll be back... maybe.
5	What a brilliant place!!! Food great, service even better and the atmosphere , well you just have to go there yourself and experience the place. Awesome everyone!!! I'll be back tomorrow night!!!
4	I love the food and atmosphere at Wallys - the Chicken Vesuvius is sooooo good.
5	Wally`s is my number one go to place in Phoenix to eat and bring people to when they are visiting. I go to Phoenix a few times a month and I frequently find myself eating here.  Their Gruyere and slab bacon s` mac is to die for. Probably my favorite Mac and cheese ever. And I eat a lot of Mac and cheese. Super good atmosphere for a date and they have great service. They were awesome to us last night and they were busy.  It was Valentine's and we still got timely and great service. Love Wallys!
4	Visited last nite after a brief stint at nearby gym.  We sat on the patio,  Great service, good food.  I had NY strip Caesar salad, with martini.  Steak was done perfectly.   GF had Cobb salad with white wine.  We hardly noticed the 3 pregnant women with the 3 toddlers running all over :).  Can't begrudge them for wanting good food!
4	Great service, nice menu, but don't order the pannini' s,  they  are just a sandwich.
5	Best place in town for Friday night Prime Rib!
5	While visiting Phoenix we happened upon this place and were pleasantly surprised at how good the burgers tasted!  It was a nice evening so we sat outside (coming from the snow we had this winter, sitting outside was something I didn't think would ever happen again).  The menu was pretty extensive, I think anyone in your party should be able to find something to please them.  Usually I would expect with such a large menu the food would be just okay.  But not this place, at least not as far as the burgers.I ordered the buttons and bleu burger and my boyfriend ordered bacon cheddar burger.  We both ordered our burgers medium rare and they were cooked perfectly!  There was a ton of mushrooms and bleu cheese on mine and lots of bacon and cheddar on his.  So much so, that he was able to share some bacon with me.  The burgers came with a mixture of regular fries and sweet potato fries (my favorite).  I loved the idea of mixing them so you don't have to decide on one or the other.  Overall, the food was delicious, the prices were fair (especially for amount of food) and outside sitting was perfect!  If ever in Phoenix again, I will definitely go back to this place.
5	OK - love this place. It is great. Family owned and operated. Wally is a star and his staff are fantastic. Cannot say enough about this place. Great place for family meals and a overall great time. My kids love the Mack and Cheese. A pure favorite. Suggest that you try it out. Great food, great service and a team that is there to please. Arizona needs more of these establishments. Stay away from the chasins - make these local places florish!
4	Chose this place at the last minute based on. Yelp reviews. It did not disappoint. The restaurant is similar to a sports bar theme but you can sit either inside or out. We arrived a little late, so it wasn't very crowded. I ordered a cheddar burger "rodeo style" which means it had onion straws and BBQ sauce on it. It was cooked perfectly, was very juicy and delicious. My wife had the fish and chips which was also outstanding. Overall, the service was great, the food was very good and the price was reasonable. I would recommend this place.
5	A family friendly place with consistently good food and service!Excellent happy hour, excellent menu... it is one of my favorite places to meet folks for dinner!
3	I was expecting this place to be better than it was based on reviews. Unfortunately, it didn't live up to my expectations. The burgers were just "ok" - nothing special and nothing great. Actually, both my husband and I ordered the bacon cheese burger and BOTH of us originally thought they had forgotten the cheese. It ended up being there, but was such a small amount that you couldn't even taste it. Our daughters had the chicken fingers, which were pretty good, but also not anything phenomenal. Probably the best part of the meal were the sauces. The BBQ sauce on my burger (I got it "rodeo style" - with BBQ and onion strings) was really tasty, and the ranch that the chicken was served with was delicious. Tasted really fresh and homemade - they should bottle and sell that stuff! The burgers? Meh - I could take it or leave it. Certainly not worth a special out-of-your-way trip or anything.
5	They make a hellova Cuban! You won't be sad you ordered it! Service is good and fast enough for lunch on a work day.
5	Had a great time, enjoyed the company of the great bartenders. The ruben sandwich was delicious and so were the wings.
3	We stopped in for a drink after dinner at Flower Child tonight.  A friendly, local crowd was in this casual bar/restaurant.  We sat at the bar to watch preseason football and enjoy a beer.  The bartender was busy and not very engaging, but we weren't really looking to chat her up anyway.  Overall, a good experience!
3	Except for one incident, this was a good experience and a great burger. Went for a Saturday happy Hour (3-6pm) which in itself is a good thing to have a daily HH. All burgers are $7.50 and normally the Bacon, Cheddar burger I received was $12, so it was a great deal. The fries were not as good as hyped, but it was a great burger and cooked perfectly well done. Well worth that price, maybe even $12 if you were in a burger craving mood. Now, my issue was not related to my food, but there was a  waiter who was grabbing straws from the dispenser by the top of the straw (where we drink from) and then putting it straight into unsuspecting folks drinks. I watched him do it three straight times and finally told him it was nasty and what the hell are you doing? He claimed that he normally does not grab the straws that style, but we all know he does and nobody pulls the wool over my eyes. Just a heads up. I would have mentioned it to the manager, but he was chewing gum like a cow while talking to customers, so the behavior must be trickling down from the top.
4	Cute, quaint little pub. There's nothing like a good, stiff drink on a lazy Sunday afternoon! I tried the calamari for an appetizer. It was served hot. Nothing unusual or different about it. Now the California Cobb salad; (yum) it was gigantic! ...very hearty! Our waitress was on her second day on the job, but one could barely tell it. Well, outside of forgetting little things ...like silverware, parts of the food order, and other small requests... She had a very friendly attitude and she knew the daily specials and MOST of the menu...very impressive for a second day.Pet-friendly, outdoor seating available.
5	Group of 6 popped in on a busy Friday night at 7:00.... Never been here before. Greeted like we were old friend and we were told a table could be found in a few minutes. We complicated it by asking for a table with a view of the TV for the baseball game viewers in the group. Wow... Seated within 4 minutes and lovely server who knew the menu well took great care of us. Highlights.... Everyone loved what they got... Onion soup, yum-o, s-Mac n cheese... Had the Gruyere and bacon version, wow! Would definitely order again and drive out of our way for it!  Pot roast.... Great atmosphere, reasonable prices, great service and great food.  Yay!
5	Our go-to place for date night. Upon entering you're greeted immediately by the friendly and courteous staff. You'll find that there's something on the menu for everyone. My personal favorite is the classic Cobb Salad. The ingredients are always fresh, and always consistent! A huge plus in my book :)Delicious comfort food, tasty drinks, and a great location. You can't go wrong with Wally's.
5	Great salad dressing, wonderful escargot appetizer with blue cheese, scrumptious Prime Rb, with marvelous mashed potatoes and great gelato.You can't beat this place for food, value, service, and ambiance.
