4	Cory is the man! Super friendly service, reasonable pricing and above all, a great hair cut! I've really struggled to find someone like Cory in Charlotte. Most guys can do the fade or high and tight, but not the top of my hair. Most girls can do the top but seem to struggle with the fade. Cory does both extremely well! Be sure to check him out soon before there's a longer waiting list!
5	Corey runs the one man shop that is Rattail Jimmy's Salon in Southend. He came recommended to me by Eric Foreman's super slutty sister while he was cutting for Salon 42. To date he has outdone every barber, technician, stylist, coiffeur, and Aveda wanna be in Charlotte at getting my jacked up neckline to look right.  The shop is  casual, well kept, and very relaxed since its just you and Corey.  There's is no top 40 playing in the background and usually a stock of cold bevies.   Cease going to Supercuts where mothers take their screaming miscreants and balding men go to die.  Head to to Jimmy's and thank me later.
5	Corey has been cutting my hair for a couple of years and is awesome. I was so tired of hitting local barber shops and walking away looking...not so good. He will help you figure out a better look and hook you up with a bourbon or a beer while he makes it happen.
5	I'm embarrassed to admit that I've been living in Charlotte for over a half a decade and was still getting my hair done by my stylist in Winston Salem. To be fair, I've been going to her since 2002 and I always scheduled my appointments for weekends I was going to be in Winston anyways to visit my family. Better still is that since I've been her customer for so long, she still charges me the same rate I paid when I started going to her way back when- $55 for a cut and color! After a couple of great (read: expensive) experiences and a couple of really bad experiences around Charlotte, I had come to accept that I was just going to have to be one of those people who traveled to get their hair done...Then I found Corey! After some asking around amongst my friends with good hair, TWO (who don't even know each other) referred me to Corey. After hearing all the great things my friends had to say about him, I figured I may as well give him a try. After some phone tag trying to set up an appointment, he was able to work me in later that week. Since I was going to someone new, I brought lots of pictures and ideas. After looking through them and asking me some questions, he told me his game plan and I was ready to go. Then I revealed to him my long-time dream of being a red-head but that I had been told before that my skin tone wouldn't work well with the shade of red I wanted. After showing him pictures of the red I liked, he said we could alter it slightly to make it "mine" and said, "my theory is: if your hair looks good enough, the last thing anyone will care about is how well it matches your skin tone." With those words of encouragement and the level of comfort I strangely already felt with him, I told him to go for it and just do whatever he thought would look best. Throughout the process, he kept me filled in on what he wanted to do next to make sure it was what I wanted. Man, was I impressed with the finished product! I was offered a beverage immediately (and he kept my glass filled throughout the appointment), his salon is very laid back- he's the only one in there and it has somewhat of a toned-down tattoo parlor decor, his prices are reasonable, and Corey is cool as hell. I am absolutely in love with my hair (and Corey) and am happy to say I have now found my new local salon and no longer have to be one of those people who travel to get their hair done!
5	I actually do not want to write this review but I digress as others have already made it a wonderful challenge to get an appointment with Corey. I would have written the review sooner but what is the point of reviewing a haircut the day it is done?  Of course it would/should look good on day one but what does it look like on day 30 or 45?  Reviewing a landscape designer on day one is equally useless. Of course the gardens look great the first week. What about in a year?Corey gives a haircut to sustain until the next cut. He is thoughtful, a seeming mathematician, skilled in geometry and precision...all while being able to carry on a conversation. I have only had Corey cut my hair once so far but am actively working on getting my next appointment. He has a new fan in me. For my sake, all of you stay away. For Corey's sake, he gives the best haircut I have had in 20 years in Charlotte. Thank you Corey.
2	So I got my first and only cut by Corey a few months ago. Absolutely amazing. I'm extremely picky and haven't found a barber yet in Charlotte that has even came close to how good of a cut I got from him. My fade was spot on! His salon was the coolest/hippest spot. Very clean and had a very masculine feel. However...there is a reason for only 2 stars instead of 5. I've tried numerous times to try and get another appointment and haven't even got a call/text or any response from him. I've tried emailing and leaving a few voicemails and nothing. I loved my cut. Would honestly pay double if I could get the guy to call me back. I understand an apt may need to me made weeks in advance but how is that possible when he doesn't get back in touch with his clients?! Very disappointed in the lack of professionalism.
