3	The food is average as well as the prices. The service is nice and prompt. I had a 1/2 lb burger witha  side salad and for some reason Sam got all my food. The waitress apparently had here seating order backwards. She wasn't the best waitress and hopefully she is not planning to make a career of this place.The food is good and quick. Chompies has more selection but this is a little nicer for not being so hectic and full.
4	Okay, this place is pretty much the perfect weekend breakfast spot. For those of us in college Saturday and Sunday mornings can be absolute Hell. Having to wait upwards of 30 minutes for a table to get some breakfast/brunch isn't that uncommon and makes things even more unbearable. This place is NEVER crowded and you can always be seated promptly. The menu is so extensive that I guarantee they'll have something that's just right to cure that hangover. Prices are great and so is the food. It's kind of a hidden gem... Not too appealing from the outside but pretty nice on the interior. I wouldn't be surprised if word gets out and Theo's starts becoming popular quite soon...
3	I'm perplexed.  I want to love the Sunrise Cafe, formerly known as Theo's, but I'm always just a little disappointed when I go here.Theo, or at least I assume his name is Theo, is the man in charge.  He runs the register, fills beverages and is super friendly.  He's foreign, probably Greek, and he told us awhile ago that the restaurant's name was changing to Sunrise although nothing else was changing.It's true, nothing else changed except for the carpet removal.  The Greek Omelette is incredibly yummy, as is, I assume,  the Parisian omelette that I would occasionally get.  Iced tea - good. Potatoes - mushier than I prefer.  Bread - adequate but not memorable.But the service is mediocre at best. Except for "Theo."  I've been here many times and their sit wherever you want policy is hit or miss.  One time I was ignored for at least 15 minutes and had to go tell "Theo" that we had yet to be taken care of.  Today we were ignored for just a little longer than aggravating, but our waitress was nice when she finally acknowledged us.And even though we were there for breakfast, it was nearly noon, so we decided to get wings to continue our mission.  The wings were adequate.  I wouldn't make a point of going here for them, but if you have a serious jones for wings, they'll do.  Crispy, spicy, vinegary - all the components - but nothing blew me away.Go for the omelettes, ask for the potatoes to be done extra crispy, and don't expect much from the service and you'll be happy.
2	The only good part about this restraunt is it is disgusting enough to cure a hangover!!!The food is so greasy that anyone who had a night of boozing should come to this joint!!  The staff is incompetent and very slow almost rude and definitely can see that from their expressions when ordering food.  Luckily I was still intoxicated enough not to notice that it took almost an hour to get 2 scrambled eggs and wheat toast, when all there was was a couple of other people int he restraunt.Theo the mangaer of the joint acts almost as a Pimp to the women working there, he stands at the cash register collects money and orders the girls around the kitchen.I will be back to this place but only when I am hungover enough to eat the food.
3	Theo's Spartan Grill wasn't that hard to find. Good location for me because I had a good friend from around the area.I expected a good service from this place but I didn't met the expectation. Food was okay but I guess I had better so I would give them 3 star for that. Plain simple place that serves breakfast food.
