4	been using them for years, wendy is awesome and very professional and easy to deal with, priced very competively
4	When I heard the name I was leary because it honestly sounded like they would be a fly by night type of place.  However, I have been using them for a couple of months now and the guys that come out are very nice and quick. And the scheduler is very nice and apologic if she can not get you in right away.   Plus they are very reasonably priced. All forms of payment were accepted.
5	Super awesome service!  They have been taking care of my house for 3 years now.
1	Not a fan.
5	I have used this company now two times as I am new to the area and will use them again.   Wendy is super nice to deal with on the phone and always very friendly.  Both times, Daniel came to my house and he was really nice too!  Payment is quick and easy and you get a hard copy and email receipt of any credit card transactions.  I will stick with them.
5	Really like this service!  Both Wendy and Dan are great to work with.  Very accommodating with scheduling around my needs.  They have done a great job.  Thanks!
5	The nicest people ever. The first time Dan ever came to my house, it was a disaster (toddler anyone?) and naturally I got embarrassed. He was super nice and made me feel like it was no big deal. Best priced pest control around. (I called quite a few.) Definitely recommended.
5	I have been using Bug Bully for several years now.    Dan and Wendy are wonderful people --- I believe I have used them so long, I would assume I was one of their beginning customers.They are accommodating in every way !   Their prices are the lowest for the quality of service they provide.I have turned on many people from my work to them, and we are all happy with the quality service they provide !!Really can not say enough positive words about this local business!!
5	We have been using the Bug Bully for 3 years now. Very nice and professional. They use green chemicals and are able to spray while we are home. Great prices and they always come when they say they will. You can use a debit card and they are very efficient. Dan Bully's the Bugs but if they come back he will too.
