4	As my friends like to remind me, I live "halfway to Utah," and it can be difficult to find a decent place to eat out here in the more "rural" side of North Las Vegas. But Morrissey's Irish Pub has come to the rescue more than once.The food ranks somewhat above the average bar food, and on holidays like mother's day and St. Patrick's day, they run a variety of specials. Their corned beef is actual corned beef and not that bizarre red stuff wrapped in plastic. Breakfast is hearty (perhaps a bit too hearty) but affordable. I recommend the short stack of pancakes with extra syrup. I like that the restaurant portion of the pub is completely blocked off from the bar. Smoke doesn't trickle in and, except for the weird 70s and 80s progressive rock, the dining area is very quiet. We enjoy going here after we've been working in the yard to enjoy the frigid air conditioning and tall backed booths.I don't know if this is a chain or not, and I'm not sure if it matters. I love the decor of old photographs featuring men with slicked back hair and severe looking women. The women in the photos, by the way, look nothing like the buxom bronze statue in front of the pub. O.oService varies depending on who is working and the time of day, but for the most part it is fairly good.(this review is for the restaurant portion of the pub)
5	OMG! Loved it.  Pub and Dining are segregated, so I can take my 4month old.  Not to mention, 2 other couples appeared w/their little ones (all well behaved and quiet I may add).  The menu has an awesome variety, we didn't even get to the Irish dishes.  The nachos (i'm latina) were off the hook!  We both had The Ruben and it was the juciest/most tender, succulent corned beef I have ever tasted!  For you Ruben fans out there; Marble Rye!  our server was very nice and accurate.  Quick service from the kitchen as well.
4	I'm not a connoisseur of Irish food, but I liked this place.  I went on St. Patrick's Day for my novelty green beer and Irish eats and it did not disappoint.  A big thank you goes out to the other Yelp reviewers for help in finding this gem in my area.Because of the holiday, the menu was limited to a few appetizers, sandwiches and traditional Irish meals.  Husband and I picked mozzarella sticks and we each got a Shepard's pie.  I'm not sure if the prices were higher because of the holiday but the sticks were eight for 8.95 and the pies were 15.95 and came with house salads.  The salads were large and the Shepard's pies came in their own hollowed out bread bowls.  Food was good, not great but I was happy to get my St. Paddy's grub on and I'm looking forward to coming back to check out the bar.
3	First off I'd like to say the ambiance here is fantastic!  Having a split Bar and Restaurant is a great way to keep you from the bar people, and the bar people from you.  I would love to say that I enjoyed my visit here even more, but unfortunately it seems the food I selected was not the best meal to order here.  I suppose my first clue should have been that the steak sandwich I ordered was delivered with a bottle of Ketchup.  The sandwich was a sad strip of steak with two sad tomatoes and a bit of Lettuce. I opted instead for a bottle of A-1, which was promptly provided.  Certainly not the best Steak Sandwich I've ever had, and I would not order it again if I returned.  The Onion Rings though, were a different story, they were very very good and really probably saved the review from a lower rating.I was with a rather large party and our waitress was quite attentive, so service does not appear to be a problem.  Everyone else seemed to really enjoy their food, so perhaps the issue is more with that menu item and less with the place in general.
4	Going here, is better then I thought it would be. Not really sure what I was getting into, since I'm not use to going to Irish Pubs. But it was St. Patty's Day and the wife thought it would be nice to go out and do something Irish for once. Located in North Las Vegas, on North 5th Street and Deer Springs. Morrissey's Irish Pub seems to be a very well built building. My first thoughts were, a bar with some booth inside. But surprisingly it was built, where the bar is separate from the dining room. I thought it was kind of clever, since not many people would like to be seated next to a bar and eat. It makes for a quiet dining experience for those who just want to dine and a separate room for those who just want a place to drink. Focusing on the dining room itself. Its kind of a small, but just enough room to have booths and tables. It is roomy and the color scheme seems interesting. It is a nice place, and I like how their booth is separated by tall walls, so you don't have that feeling of some one watching you eat. My experience, and sharing it with the wife on St. Patrick's Day, was kind of very nice. The host greeted us, as well as our waiter.  The staff overall, was very pleasant. Since its a special day, they had a special menu. $8.95 for appetizers and $15.95 for entrees. At first, it looked a bit pricey, but sure enough, you get what you get paid for. We had mozzarella sticks to start with, and they were a bit bigger then your usual mozzarella sticks. We also order Shepard's pie, which came with salad. The salad was in a big portion, and the Shepard's Pie was a decent size as well. I like the fact that it was in a bread bowl, covered with mash potatoes. I did my best to finish my salad and pie. I got to the point of eating my bread bowl. Unfortunately I only got halfway done. I ate everything else, except for my veggies, but over all, it was delicious.  The wife decided to take home her Shepard's Pie, but, I ended up eating that the next day.  This is one of those restaurants, I would really recommend. Especially if you're looking for something Irish and something new. If you don't mind the drive up north, then you got to stop by this place if you do.
1	When you think of an Irish Pub setting, I automatically think of the words: friendly, fun, loud talk, laughing.  This pub area is simply the opposite.  My friends and I were there to celebrate with a few beers and conversation.  Not sure who the female bartender was, but she was rude as can be.  Friends of mine ordered shots...10 shots to be exact.  Each wanted to pay individually.  The bartender gave a little hissy fit and said she was absolutely not going to ring everyone up individually, so they had better figure out a better way.  Excuse me miss, but there are only 4 other people in the ENTIRE bar!  We all dismissed this display of behavior and continued to try to enjoy ourselves.  I have to admit...we were loud with our conversations and laughing, but none of the conversation was vulgar in nature.  The last straw was when another one from our party ordered a beer from the bar and the manager himself said to take it...it's on the house...we're losing business because your group is being too rowdy.  Wow!  By no means were we rowdy.  Loud laughing and conversation, yes, but not rowdy.How dare we venture from our PT's spot where the service is kind and where they somehow manage to be able to separate bills regardless of a full house or not.  We will not be returning and we will share our distaste for this establishment with everyone we know.
1	Morrissey's itself is a nice place that is broken off into three sections: a dining room, a bar and an outdoor patio.  This is good if you want to eat here without being in a smoking section.  I've had some good sandwiches and burgers here, but the food has been inconsistent.  My initial visits had me enjoying juicy burgers with lots of toppings, yet my recent visits have given me nothing more than dry sandwiches that were lacking in flavor.  If the bread has more flavor than the chicken...Unfortunately, the service here does nothing to help the experience when you get a bad dish.  In my experience I've spent just as much time waiting as I have eating, and that's made worse when the food isn't satisfying.  I've only ever been here during lunch, and there really is not a lunch crowd.  Perhaps another table of guests and a few people at the bar, but that's all.  I'm not really sure why everything takes so long.  During my last visit we were sitting for a half hour after having our orders taken, and the food was nowhere to be seen.  I went inside to ask how much longer our food would be, but I ended up waiting at the bar.  There was no one behind the bar and I wasn't sure where our waitress was.  After having paced around the restaurant and coming back to the bar, a lady gets up from a bar stool and apologizes to me; the bartender was sitting with the customers enjoying a cigarette.  After I inquired about our food, all of our dishes were brought out within minutes.Unfortunately, these experiences have taken Morrissey's out of my lunch rotation for good.
3	The decor and ambiance is wicked awesome. Friendly honest staff. Fair prices. I like that desserts are like $2-3. It 4pm and pretty empty. Appetizers came out fast. It has a American menu with a few Irish options.  Its open 24 hr so you can order breakfast food anytime. Love the fries. Would like to see them offer a military discount.
4	When this pub first opened, we were here frequently, but then their prices climbed at the same time that some of our favorite dishes left the menu (I miss you, Salmon Burger).  They seem to have brought their prices back in line with the local standards, so we'll be adding them back into the rotation more frequently.The thing we like best here is the outdoor dining.  The patio area is large, comfortable and under-utilized.  Being able to get a perfectly separated Black Velvet in a frosty glass while enjoying the sunset and the desert breeze is awesome, as are potato skins and football on a Sunday afternoon in January in front of the fire.  The mismatched couches in front of the TV are comfortable, if a bit theme-y, and the tables, while a bit too large normally, are great for large groups.As others have noted, we have also experienced less than ideal service in the past, but last night made up for it.  There was a private party going on in the dining room.  Our waiter, concerned that service might be slow, threw in garden salads to make sure that we wouldn't be waiting too long for our entrees.  It was a really nice gesture, and completely unnecessary since our entrees arrived in a completely reasonable amount of time.  We'll be looking for him when we go back soon.
4	This was my first visit to the restaurant and I was very impressed with the food. The service wasn't the greatest because we were the only people in the restaurant and my friend had to hunt down a server because they didn't come out and check to see if they had customers. My favorite part of the the experience was the decor it was beautiful and the food. It was very fresh and very tasty. The prices were reasonable will def come back.
3	Despite the lackluster reviews we decided to try Morrissey's because it is in our neighborhood, has an great location and looks first-rate from the outside.My last review was of Kavanaugh's Irish pub just down the road, and I was a bit dismayed to read the plaque on the bronze statue in front of Morrissey's that related how these two establishments are under one ownership (Kavanaugh's turned me off).The looks from outside are not deceiving, this is a really nice place.  Clean, cozy with fireplaces, overstuffed armchairs and couches, lavishly decorated and featuring a superior covered patio and uncovered patio with large firepit.  My heart sank when we stepped into the pub half of the establishment to see a couple of smokers at the bar, but the ventilation works very well and i never smelled any smoke.  Classic rock from an XM channel was playing on the radio.Moments after stepping through the door we were greeted by the friendly female bartender who invited us to sit anywhere.  As we toured the bar and stepped out to the patio, we were greeted by a friendly female server who invited us to sit anywhere.  We took a look around the outdoor seating and turned back into the bar and were greeted by a friendly male server who invited us to sit anywhere.  We found a couple of big armchairs by the fireplace and the male server introduced himself as Shamen and pointed out that it was still Happy Hour for another 30 minutes.  He handed us a couple of menus and this is where Morrissey's kinda comes off the rails.Like Kavanaugh's, the menu is disappointing.  Nothing about the menu is Irish Pub; rather, the food is average American bar food.  Quesadillas, pot stickers, mozzarella sticks, nachos, sliders, chicken wings, burgers, salads, etc.  The only concession to the putative Irish theme is Shepherd's Pie (made with beef and not lamb, so technically it is Cottage Pie) and corned beef and cabbage.  We tried both at Kavanaugh's and weren't impressed.  Since it was Happy Hour we got a couple of side salads, potato skins and hot wings with fries.If the food was really good, the selections could almost be forgiven.  Unfortunately the food quality is merely adequate.  The french fries were better than average, and the potato skins are actually two whole baked potatoes cut in half with some of the flesh scooped out and replaced with scallions, tomatoes, black olives and cheese.  Quite robust for an appetizer.  The wings and salads are filling and forgettable.  The wife asked for apple pie for dessert.  It came out on a very hot plate, but the slice of pie was cold in the middle.  It struck me as of identical quality to any number of pies you could find in the freezer of any grocery store.Service from Shamen was excellent and everything arrived in timely fashion.I suspect the quality of the food reflects the clientele.  We sat from 6:30 until almost 8 PM on a Saturday.  There was never more than 14 people present, and ten of them struck me as local regulars.  Most were quietly playing video poker at the bar, chatting with each other and the bartender.  Everybody was in faded jeans and worn T-shirts and the atmosphere was quiet.  None of the folks in the bar were eating and all were drinking domestic mass-market beer.  I suspect expensive specialty dishes would be overlooked by the majority of the regular patrons in favor of exactly what they serve.Couple other good points:They're open 24 hoursThey serve breakfast all dayIt's a shame.  Morrissey's could be a special place if they focused their menu and enhanced the quality of the food.
2	Atmosphere: Great!This place has everything going for it. I've been here twice and think it's a great place to sit and enjoy a few drinks with friends.So.. why does it recieve only two stars verses the 4-5 star rating I would have given this place?Her name is Melissa.When my boyfriend and I went to this bar to meet up with friends, it was fairly slow.. everybody seemed to be in a relaxed mood. I went up to the bar to pay for some drinks for my boyfriend and I since he paid for dinner. I ordered a cocktail and go him a beer. I politely asked if they served margaritas and the bartender said "This is a full serivce bar!" as if I was stupid. I shrugged it off because I dont' find that to be a very big deal when people are a little rude as I work in customer service myself. I also tipped her knowing how it is to work in a serivce career where hourly doesnt always cut it and tips help a great deal. As time passed the bar got a little bit more full; I would say about 15-20 people were sitting down at the bar, but some were just enjoying drinks and conversation.The next round of drinks my boyfriend went to order and pay. Let me say that my boyfriend is super polite and respectful! He ordered me a lemon drop and ordered a beer for himself when Melissa said to him : "Do you think I have time to sugar a f*cking rim?" and walked off... she never took the order and my boyfriend had to seek the male bartender to make our drink. (SUCH a nice guy by the way)  I almost wanted to go back up to her and take my tip back from her and give it to our guy! I felt so bad for my boyfriend ...  his mood was shot after such bad service. So, I reccomend this place. But if youre gonna order drinks and have fun- avoid her.
1	Make no mistake - this is a gaming bar only.  ALL non Gaming patrons are not welcome as to not interrupt the serious "gamer."  If you are looking to do anything other than waste your discretionary income DO NOT come here.  We walk in and the place is decked out real nice.  Basically, Irish bar in a box - but still done tastefully.  The place was dead though.  There was a handful of drones dropping there cash into poker machines.  The music was super low and there was no noise in there - you could hear a mouse fart in here.  I said to myself  "this place is quiet in here."  Not really looking to start a conversation, but just an observation. The bartender says, "Ya, and we like it that way."  Geez - sorry.  I will do my best not to disturb anyone here.  DAMMMN - I am surprised they don't post a sign that says "Quiet while gamers present."Of course we get bounced from the bar because someone had to play the machine we were sitting at.  Typically, the bartender will offer to buy a beer for the inconvenience or something - but we just picked up and moved to a table.  When I go to a bar - I want to sit at the bar and drink some beers!  Instead of BARS putting machines at the bar - they should build private booths in the corner of the bar so the people can have their own little world and "play" the Machines.  They can have a curtain that they can close so nobody will bother them.The food was okay.  I had fish and chips - same ol' same ol'.  I had to ask for vinegar - duh.  My friend had bangers wrapped in dough.  It was okay.  It was very similar to the recipe on the Pillsbury crecent roll dough can.  This place offers no compelling reason to ever return here.  "F" this place.
3	I wish I could give Morrissey's a 2.5 star rating. The ambiance is great, especially the patio, but the bar is terribly smokey. The food is actually really good. The Morrissey's Melt and Oriental Salad are wonderful, and I crave the recent menu addition of pretzel bread sticks. The service, however, is often hit or miss. Most of the time, there seems to be a lack of attention to detail, which is unacceptable for how slow the restaurant typically is.  I also wanted to host an event in the patio, and even after calling and stopping in multiple times to request a quote, starting six months prior, I never received a call back. We love the fact that a nice pub/restaurant is close by, but if Morrissey's continues to lack in service, I fear it won't stay in business much longer.
1	I am not sure how this place manages to get a three star rating?? Perhaps people just like the bar?Since we live just a few blocks away, my husband and I have given this place several tries. Each time we have been severely disappointed. Careless wait staff, dirty dining area, poorly prepared food. We have been there for both breakfast and lunch. Breakfast is apparently all prepared in the same skillet regardless of what you order because we ordered two completely different menu items and it all had the same oily, sausage flavor, despite the fact that neither of us ordered sausage. The waitress was disinterested in serving us despite the fact that there was only one other couple in the entire place that morning. They left dirty dishes piled up on several tables for no obvious reason (as I said, the place was empty).Lunch was the same deal. Crappy food, crappy service, dirty restaurant. Kind of makes you nervous for what the back of house looks like. The place looks nice on the outside but inside it appears to just be a McMullan's wannabe? I got the distinct feeling that if I was not there to drink/gamble my patronage was not wanted or valued. It would have been really convenient and exciting if this place had turned out to be a gem but instead I tell my friends not to bother wasting their time/money. Disgusting.
5	Had my cocktail reception at morrissey's yesterday and It was absolutely wonderful !! Thank you so much for all you great customer services, awesome  attitude and prompt services. I was never stressed and they took care of every one in my party. I am so gratefull for everything and everyone.
5	By far the most generous, kind and all around " badass" staff in north las vegas!  Anything on the menu crushes average bar food.  Loose machines, Awsome decor/bar structure and gr8 location.  If you require a drink with sugar on the rim, consider a shot of jameson whiskey.  It's an Irish pub, not a Goddamn shit pusher festival.
2	This review is a bit late.  My last real visit was about 6 months ago. Couple of things, I've never been here before 10 PM so I don't know how the ambiance is then.  I also have never eaten here, except once having the chowder.  Not much to review here.  Nothing really impressed me about this pub.  Place is dead after 11 PM and by the looks of the parking lot during the day, it's pretty much a morgue during the day too.  I have never had an issue with their staff being rude. Only thing that I have noticed is that if you're not a regular, you're almost forgotten.  The last time I was here, the bartender checked on me only once.  If you don't belong or not a regular, be prepared to be looking for another bar by the end of the night.  Reason for the late review is because I recently walked in and was not greeted.  No big, but after I sat I wasn't even asked if I wanted anything.  Less than 2 minutes and I was out of here.
2	Always quiet and dead. This is one of those "if you're not a regular, get the hell outta here" kinda bars. Food is straight from the freezer, onto your plate. Service leaves much to be desired (unless you're a regular, then you're treated like royalty). Only gets a 2nd star because the place looks nice and is clean. For the most part... Stay away!
3	I love this place since it's close to my house AND I'm a huge Ireland fan. It has a fairly innocuous Irish decor; no harm no foul. The food is relatively good depending on which day you go. However the service here sucks. There have been time the 3 of us have been the only ones in the dining area and its taken almost an hour to order and be served.  Every time we go in the service is incredibly slow. It seems the bar side of the business is worth more time and effort than the dining side which is too bad. A better service schedule would do wonders for this place, but I don't see that happening soon. Too bad.
1	Turn around, don't drown in instant mashed potatoes and frozen peas.  This is not the place to be on St. Patty's.  Yuck, I don't know what happened.  I ordered the banger and mashed.  It was so gross and at seventeen dollars a plate at that.  It tasted like something I made myself, bland.  I had to beg for my salad they forgot to bring me just so I didn't leave with an empty belly.  Two beers on tap that they can add green color to is sad.  Service was awful and a total cluster of disorganization.  One bartender playing with her hair, a guy walking around with a water pitcher when no on was drinking water, and someone who looked like a host talking up some players at the bar while the lobby filled up.  Sad, you'd think the busiest day of the year for them they would have it together.  Never again.
1	We've been here a few times before and had only eaten in the dining room until New Years Day.  The Mr. was home on mid tour and his family was in town from California for a visit and headed to Mt Charleston and so when they came up on their way up we decided to go to lunch here enjoy a couple bloody marys' have some grub and say our good byes.  This was our third and final visit.  Every time ate in the dining room side service was always slow and food was just average, we always assumed that the service was slow b/c the dining area is small and figured the waitresses in the bar had to cover both areas.  Today we ate in the bar, with in a few min of seating ourselves at a corner table in the back near the outside doors the bartender came over asked if we would be eating and gave us some menus.  Told us someone (can't remember her name) would be our waitress but could he tempt us with one of his best bloody mary's that caught every ones eye, two ordered spicy one non and I ordered soda:)  Everyone agreed that the bloody mary's were just average, obviously mix was used and not that impressive the hot ones were far from hot in fact they both said they didn't taste much difference from the one ordered regular.  We're all 1/2 way through our drink when one of us had to go to bartender and ask that our waitress actually come take our order...had we been in a different part of town with more options close we probably would have just left and went somewhere else.  When she finally came it was apparent that she didn't enjoy her job or know about service with a smile.  We asked a couple of questions, like what's your soup of the day? and it was obvious that she wasn't happy to be assisting her customers.  We all ordered and got our food pretty timely but no one was impressed, and then she never offered to refill our drinks or ask if everything was ok.  We finally got up and asked the bartender if we could pay for our meal as we hadn't seen her and we were passed ready to go.  There were many people that came in and walked to the bar, obviously not their first trip and seemed to have great service from the bartender.  We live pretty local and despite multiple tries this place isn't somewhere we'd become regulars at, sadly the place has a great indoor/outodoor bar space.I'd recommend BWW down the road or In & Out before trying out this place.
2	Not big on this place. Here is why.Service was crap. He took forever to say hi to us. He was never around. Seemed like he was new.Food was just ok. My french dip was fresh but no flavor. I have had better and with taste. I wanted beer and filled when I finished. Never happend. I had to ask when I could find him.I wont return here. Fail.
1	On a nice night, I thought we'd give Morrissey's another try since it is such a nice facility and in our neighborhood(ish).  Unfortunately, it is a much bigger disappointment than last time.8:30 on a Saturday evening saw plenty of parking in the huge parking lot and just a few patrons on the large covered patio.  Walking through the bar to the patio revealed a dozen or so folks engrossed in their video poker games and music quietly playing in the background.  It was eerily quiet for any bar; no Irish pub should ever be so quiet.The patio has several huge tables and we selected one because the two big comfy couches in front of the fireplace were occupied by three female patrons stretched out comfortably watching television.  Like the rest of the establishment, the patio is very nicely done.  I'd fairly give this business 4.5 stars for the charm and execution of the facility.Our server arrived promptly and I asked what they have on tap.  Bud, Bud Light, Coors Light, a Miller product maybe, Guinness, Harp, Bass, something called Sunset Wheat and an Angry Orchard cider.  I asked for the Sunset Wheat and the wife got the cider.  We also ordered the night's special, a T-bone with veggies and a side for $15.  As before, this is where Morrissey's really lets you down.My Sunset wheat was horrid, tasted exactly like Froot Loops (the wife put her finger on the flavor, which wouldn't come to me since it's been decades since I've eaten  Froot Loops).  The cider was quite good, but neither of these ratings reflect upon Morrissey's (except their presence of mind to include a cider drink and a wheat offering).  I drank less than half my Sunset Wheat, and that is quite a sacrifice for me.The T-bone steak was quite bad.  There was no tenderloin portion at all, like it had been cut away leaving only the bone and the New York strip side.  The strip side was thin, gristly and oddly seasoned.  I have seriously had better steaks at IHOP or Denny's.  BETTER steaks, mind you.  The flavor of char was overpowering, as if they were cooking on flame much too high and much too orange, leaving soot on the meat.  The wife took one bite and didn't take another, though she loves steak.The veggies were mostly squash, again oddly seasoned but rising to the level of mediocre or slightly better in taste, though disappointing in variety as we counted exactly one ring of red pepper and one floret of broccoli among all the squash.The mashed potatoes made me angry.  They were very obviously instant potatoes, with an uncooked gritty texture, but that wouldn't stop a hungry man from eating them.  What did stop me was the flavor.  They tasted like an ashtray.  Exactly and overpoweringly like stale, cold cigarette ashes.  Not merely a hint of flavor but rather a nose-forward, unmistakeable strong taste of ashes.  Both of us gagged at our single small fork full.  Dunno if it was intentional, directed specifically at us, or just an unhappy accident.  It doesn't matter to me why it happened, but it'll never happen to us again.This was our second and final trip to Morrissey's.  I'm astounded they've remained profitable in such a large, expensive facility, but it cannot last.  When their rent eventually rises, they will fold and someone will purchase a great location and venue.  I will return that day, but not before then.
3	Love the soft pretzels! Service can be so so at times. however like many of my fav spots its really close to home and i love the decor and its a just a chill spot to get some drinks and have some pretty good bar food. and its open 24/7 for those really really late nights! LOL
3	Been here several times before just to hang out and watch football in the bar area. They have some nice furniture set up in front of a cute fireplace. I think I fell asleep a couple times here.This last visit I came with my wifey on a Thursday night at 9:30. Im assuming the dining area closes at 9 because the door to that area was locked so we went into the bar which is 24/7. We sat ourselves at one of the tables and flagged down a server.For some odd reason, this night I was craving corned beef and cabbage (preggo maybe? Lol), which is what brought us here. We live literally right across the street for about 3 years and we always talked about checking this place out for the food. Why is it that whenever you live right next to something, you always seem to drive right by it thinking you will go there someday since you live near it but more often than not, you never make it in there? Well I finally did but only took me 3 years.Anyways, since it was late and we didn't want to eat too much before going to bed later, we decided to order Loaded Potato Skins and Corned Beef n Cabbage. We planned on sharing but if you refer to my pic, the Loaded Potato Skins were a meal in itself. So we called one of friends to join us who just happened to be down the street.As she showed up, Corned Beef n Cabbage came out. Again if you refer to my pic, its a decent amount of food. What actually stood out was the Pretzel Breadstick that came with it. This alone will make me come back. Even if you don't like anything at all here, just get the Pretzel Breadstick. I have never had anything like it and my wife agrees. We were very tempted to order some more but already had a lot of food to deal with. The Loaded Potato Skins were actually not bad. Came with sour cream. As for the Corned Beef n Cabbage, I thought it was ok as well. Now mind you its been a long time since I have had this so there really wasn't anything I could compare it to. Came with some kind of cubed potatoes and the cabbage had bits of corned beef with peppercorns.The ambiance of the place was nice in a creepy way. You have antique pictures of old people on the walls. Kind of reminds me of the eerie paintings they have at the Haunted Mansion at Disneyland. I wonder if the dining room is set up the same way.Service was below average. Once we got our food, I think our server went home because we didn't see her any more and the bartender was the only one that came around after a while to refill our drinks.Overall, I think the negatives cancel out the positives which equals the 3 star rating.
4	Stopped by here for dinner one night. First time here. Dining room was empty, but I am assuming that is due in part to football game being on in the bar. Food was great. Waitress was very attentive and nice.
1	If I could provide no stars I would. To start the only irish to this bar is the decor. There is no upbeat employees and you could hear a mouse run through the place. The food is nothing to write home about. I had the nachos which were bland, the southwest egg rolls which were frozen. ( I'm pretty sure I had the same ones sitting in my fridge at home from smiths ) and my husband had the salmon which had to be sent back because it was not cooked, nothing like some raw fish when your not looking for sushi!! What really ticked me off about this place was what I witnessed between the snooty bartender and a older couple. I was sitting at the tables around the bar and I heard the bar tender ask a older couple to get up because another couple wanted to use the machines at the bar. ( I get it, the bar is gaming and that's how they make their money) however the gentlemen was eating his meal still and I clearly heard him say, " no problem I'll put 20 in my machine and 20 in my girlfriends machine so we can finish our drinks and meal." The terrible self proclaimed manager responded "No you need to get up, they are waiting for the machines." I could not believe what I was witnessing, the couple ended up storming out with out paying because the bartender said they could just leave, and I shortly followed because of the disgust in the customer service!!!!! They need to respect their customers and not be so rude and demanding! If I could give them no stars I would!
4	I'm giving four stars for their breakfast as this is the only time one been here. The price isn't too high, the service is on par with what I expect and the food tastes good. I like their meaty omelet and the corn beef hash.
4	My mom and dad came home from their Vegas vacation raving about this place, but couldn't remember it's name. Just that it had a lot of doors. So when my mom, cousin and I had to visit an ailing family member, we totally had to hit this pub.After wandering around north Vegas for a few minutes, we spied this dark restaurant with green lights along the trimming. What cool decor! Especially at ten in the evening. Because where else can you find 24hr restaurants that isn't a Denny's, but in Sin City?So we enter the front door and are affronted with for more doors. Two for the bathrooms, one for the dining area and another for the pub. The two differences between the pub is the ambiance, the age limit and smoking. If you're with people under the legal drinking age or want to be in a non-smoking section, take the left door.We took the right door. The pub's decor is your typical lounge. There is a bar, a few tables, couches and lounge chairs. It was all very cozy. We sat down and ordered coffee with Irish cream, angry orchard cider, potato cheese soup, soft pretzel sticks, and Vegas fries.If you like soft pretzels with mustard and horseradish, you'll love these.  They were the perfect consistency. The Vegas fries were tasty indulgence. Similar to nachos, they are fries red with tomatoes, carmalized onions, green peppers, jalapenos and topped with acreamy white cheese. They were very tasty and the presentation was cute, with a little fry basket next to it. The piece de resistance, though, was the potato cheese soup. It was orgasmic. Nothing but cheesy deliciousness and you still taste every other ingredient (pepper, potatoes, etc).Our waitress, Bobbie, was a doll. She changed one of the channels for us, knew the menu and was so sweet. We went back to the house with our mouths happy and bellies full.
4	I have come back for dinner and feel my 4 star stands. I'm not sure exactly why this place such poor reviews apart from some instances of poor or slow service or those that take issue with it not being traditionally Irish or poor food. For those I'd say management seems to have rectified the situation as the wait staff on all of my visits have been either really kind or fun all around. Tonight it appeared my waitress was even training a new hire and she seemed to impart upon her the important details on giving good service. A second note about the poor reviews. Seriously how can you take issue that this place isn't a traditional Irish pub then give one star because your pot stickers were like they came from a freezer? It is mind boggling to me that you'd expect freshly made appetizers from a Las Vegas pub anyway! Of course those menu filler style choices are going to be Sysco or US food brand or quality because for some odd reason people do order them so it may help the restaurant by having them as an option. Anyway...I digress. On to my food for the night, I got the Rueben sandwich. Now I know that it isn't an Irish dish, having been invented in Nebraska of all places, but it was nice and meaty. I don't particularly care of the places theme per say if the food I choose is tasty and satisfying. The sandwich then, was satisfying and came with waffle fries for just $9.99. I enjoyed the corned beef and I liked the marble rye bread. There was just enough thousand island sauce and sauerkraut to complement the meat.Overall, I have been here three times for breakfast and once for dinner and have yet left feeling like wow, that was horrible and I'll never go back. It has been pleasant. Just don't go expecting gourmet or traditional Irish dining.
3	We ordered takeout.Potato Soup: creamy, cheesy, goodness. Dip their home made pretzels in it and its just wow.We also had their Tortilla soup. It reminded me of Chili's enchilada soup but with more of a kick.
4	my husband and I went yesterday after the 0930 service at Grace point church. apparently we'd just missed the Catholic rush and had the whole dining part to ourselves. (having never been before, poking our head into an empty room without a sign saying to 'seat yourself' was a little confusing, but we figured it out.)having read here that it was smokey, we were pleased to see the dining side is smoke free. We were promptly given menus by a friendly lady server, and drinks came quickly. I ordered a bowl of potato cheese soup (came with a hot pretzel stick) and half a spinach salad and I was very satisfied with the flavor, speed, and presentation. my husband enjoyed his eggs benedict and an ice cold Harp on tap.
4	Our "go to" place for a quick sit down dinner. It's close to home, for us, and the food is pretty good. Salads are fresh and the service is great.
2	First time here and I ordered corned beef and cabbage. Now this is a "irish" theme. If Paddy McFinn ate this man he would be pissed off. There was more bacon mixed in the cabbage that there was cabbage. The potatoes taste like half cooked microwave spuds hacked into cubes and thrown into a pan for 3 seconds.The corned beef was actually good. But for there "signature" dish, u couldnt f**k it any more.Very disappointing and expensive for what should be such an easy and cheap dish. (17.99 making it one of the most expensive dishes).At 7pm there isnt any one in here. Gordon Ramsey wouldnt be able to save this place!!!
4	My father and I came in for lunch and we're very happy with the experience.  I had the potato soup in a bread bowl and he had the Philly cheesesteak sandwich.  Both were great! My soup was hot and tasty with a fresh bread bowl that was slightly toasted.  If my father's clean plate was any indication on the quality of his food I'd say it was pretty damn good.  Only suggestion is to add peppers to the philly- it was kinda strange that it wasn't offered with any.  The waitress was friendly and our food was out quick! I'd recommend this place to anyone.
3	This review applies to the restaurant portion only.The restaurant has a ton of potential, but suffers from terrible inconsistency.  Consider the menu as a starting point, but be prepared for the chef to surprise you.  What comes out is always tasty, but it's just not exactly what's on the menu.  Most of time time it's a missing ingredient, or an incorrect side.  If you're lucky, you may get something extra!  Also, if you order for take out, they charge you $0.50.  This is super annoying, and has stopped me from ordering a few times just out of frustration.  Management should take note that charging someone for NOT using your resources is very short-sighted. All in all, the restaurant could be great and fills the need for a restaurant that isn't fast food, chinese or mexican up in the way north area of town.  I'll be back since this is a unique option, but wish this restaurant lived up to its potential.
3	This is relating to the restaurant portion, we arrived into a nice quiet atmosphere. The waitress seemed nice, she promptly explained how she was the only one working and she is slammed. The menu we got has no kid friendly choices on it, we ordered them chicken strips from the appetizer menu and decided to split them. I had the reuben which was good, the food was filling, but not overly impressive.
1	This should be a short review because we did not actually eat here. When we arrived, there were no clean tables to sit at. When we asked the waiter to clean a table, he brushed food debris on to us as he was cleaning it. We overlooked that, and were looking at the menu, when the waiter returned with our water glasses. We quickly noticed that there was not a clean water glass of the five that were brought to us. You could see lip marks on the rim and other food debris stuck to them, that indicated they were not clean. We decided that we were not going to risk our health and left at that point.
