5	They did such a great job on my carpet!  I recommend them to everyone who asks!
5	Since I've lived in LV I have found anything service related to be sub-par. But these guys were great on the phone and when they showed up. They were professional, on time and did a great job. I'll be using them again.
5	I was moving out of my apartment and i needed help. My puppy had chewed up some of the padding under the rug and I needed it repaired.  I also needed a cleaning done since the high traffic areas were dirty even though I didn't wear shoes in the house. Keystone came in and did their magic.  When it came time to turn in my keys, my landlord was amazed at how great it looked and commented that it looked in even better condition than when I first moved in.  I ended up giving them the number so that they could use Keystone for their own home.  They're pricing is really reasonable too.  I paid $100 for a 1200 sqft condo.
3	We had them come out and clean 2 of our rooms (which had bad pet odors) when our tenant moved out. They showed up a couple hours late, which I was not happy about. They did do an excellent job and both carpets came out smelling much better. It was a little pricey but still cheaper than replacing the carpet. When our new tenant complained about pet odor in another room, we did not have them clean originally, we instantly called them to come out since they had done a good job prior. I explained the situation and said that I wasn't sure if the padding needed to be replaced to help with the smell or it just needed a good cleaning (they had pulled up the carpet prior to check the pad status). They said we would have to pay at least the $65 flat fee for them to clean the carpet. We were fine with that because we knew they would get the odors out. I made sure the tenant moved all of the furniture out of the room so they could pull up the carpet and check the padding and also in case they needed to replace it. They came out and treated the carpet and cleaned it. They said the pad did not need to be replaced. About a week later our tenant called to say the room still smelled so I called them to have them come back out and see what they could do. They came back out and ended up having the replace the padding (I don't know why they didn't replace it on their first visit). They also did some more treating of the carpet and re-cleaned it. I figured we would just end up paying for the replacement pad and the labor (since we had already paid $65 for the treatment and cleaning prior). We were out of town so we could not be there to see the bill and work they did. They called us to get payment over the phone. They said the total would be $287.50. Wow!! The guy tried to explain the bill over the phone to us but it was hard. Finally we just gave them our credit card info to pay it. Well we got the hard copy bill and I think they overcharged us by $100. The cost of the padding and removal was $187.50, that's all we should have paid. They charged us$60 to treat the carpet again (which we had already paid for originally) and $40 for a 2 day rental of a fan to help dry the carpet (we didn't need that the last two times and the room has 2 ceiling fans already). It was still cheaper than replacing the carpet but beware if you do use them to double check prices before you pay!! Not sure if I will use them again based on that.
5	Great friendly service
5	Keystone followed up on the complaint and offered me a $40 gift certificate for our next cleaning. We had them come out and clean some carpets in our new home. The carpets came out looking great!
5	I have used many carpet cleaning companys most lie about there rate until they get to your house and it is $ 40 to $ 50 dollars more. Not Keystone a great price as stated and the guys did a great job on the carpets.
5	Great service from the minute I called to set up the carpet cleaning.  They were very friendly on the phone as I made my appt,  and gave me an estimate that they said would be confirmed before any work was done.The window of time they were showing up was between 10 and 12.  At 9:45, they called me to let me know they were on there way, and they arrived 20 minutes later.  2 professional looking workers took a quick scan of the rooms we wanted cleaned and gave us our final quote (which ended up being $10 less than the phone estimate, what a deal!)Their work was done within an hour and my carpets look great.  I will recommend to all of my friends and family.  Great service and reasonably priced.
5	In all my years of property management I have never had such a great carpet cleaning company. Raul and his team go out of their way to make sure the job is done correct and fast. Thank you!!!
5	I used Keystone for the first time today my techs Ben And Russo did an awesome job I will definitely  use them again!
5	I am very impressed with Keystone Carpet Care and will definitely use their service again!  I am a first-time customer and am very satisfied that all of the positive things said in other reviews were true.  Very professional, courteous, excellent service, prompt, and they did a great job on the carpets.
5	Definitely as good as it gets! Keystone carpet care has the best service and really deep cleans the carpets. My husband referred me to this place. They would be the only place Id call to have my carpets cleaned, and my carpet feels and looks so brand new.  Always a happy and satisfied customer! =)
5	We used Keystone based on the yelp reviews and we were very pleased with the level of service we received.  They were on time and completed the work on 3 carpets in less than 30 minutes.  The price was very fair and the carpets look great.  I would not hesitate to use them again in the future.
5	The service we received was amazing. They were on time and did an amazing job. Louis was very polite, courteous, and helpful
5	I was very pleased with this carpet cleaner. They arrived on time, were very niceand very professional. My carpets look really clean and feel clean, not crunchy! I would recommend them!
5	wish i would have taken some pics before they cleaned.  Pretty dirty carpet leftover from the previous home owners.  dark stains everywhere.  Pepe and another guy made them look new.  Pretty amazing.
5	I was on the verge of replacing my carpeting throughout my home, when I decided to try a cleaning first.  (Background: bought my home in 2009. Was a short sale. Took a long time to close and when I did, just wanted to move in with plans to clean carpets later. 4 yrs was later. My carpets are white, and I have 3 children and a husband). So checked out reviews on yelp and decided to try Keystone.  Got a quote of $130-150 for 5 bedrooms and 26 stairs as well as a hallway.  Eddie arrived on time with two other men, Ignacio, and I can't remember the other male's name. Very nice people.  I had a few red spots, paint spots, and mystery spots that needed extra attention. With the additional treatments, Eddie quoted me $180, only if standard cleaning didn't get the spots out. So they got to work. About 2 hrs later, my carpets were almost spotless. A few paint stains were faint, but not completely out as well as the mystery stain.  Overall, well worth the time and money. Will be calling again in 6 months for maintenance.
5	Being new to the Vegas area, I turned to Yelp to find a carpet cleaner and couldn't be happier with choosing Keystone. Making an appointment was easy and their prices were competitive. Shane and Benja called the day of the appointment and asked if they could come a little earlier which was great for me.  They arrived and were friendly and extremely professional and did an amazing job!! Thanks guys!!!!
5	To quote my teenage daughter...OMG!!! I can't believe the amazing job Keystone did on my (for lack of a better term) and I'm embarrassed to say DISGUSTING carpets!! I had originally wanted to replace the flooring but the tenant renting my home wanted to move in ASAP and said a simple cleaning would do. Well, I am truly impressed by this company, they were on time, friendly, fast and ever so efficient! I'd give them 10 stars if I could! Great job guys! Thank you!!
2	One day within a week or so of my neighbor's hot water heater broke and flooded their place AND mine, two guys showed up at my front door unannounced two days in a row. One guy was really quiet and just followed directions while the other talked my head off and wouldn't shut up. The lead tech said he had called me and left a VM to inform me they were coming over. How about a call the night before and speaking to a live person?  I guess property management arranged the repairs but no one told me that I'd be woken up by my doorbell ringing two days in a row. Besides the doorbell, they made a lot of noise and tracked dirty footprints in my hallway. That, and they left all the shavings and drywall crumbs for me to clean up. As far as the work goes, I guess they did what they were supposed to. They left their air blowers/fans plugged into my wall and running for hours and no instructions as to how long they should be left on or when they would return to retrieve them. Again, if I'd known they would return the next morning and wake me up again, I would have known when they planned to pick up their equipment. A note would have sufficed, but nothing. AND, one of the blowers was faced inches away from the dryer so the air intended to dry the baseboards behind it was deflected by the dryer, therefore, blowing air in the opposite direction from the wet area it was supposed to be drying. C'mon now.  It's Physics 101 guys. I think I've made my point.
5	Awesome business! Keystone squeezed me in last minute. They gave me a quote on the phone, which the two super friendly and professional techs ( Benja & Anselmo) repeated as soon as they got here. The carpets look great, and they took care of some embarrassing pet stains with no problems. Thank you!
5	Great JobCleaned very well. Professional and courteous and very affordable.
5	Very Pleased.  Cleaned 2 bedrooms and a hall in about 45 mins.  Dried in approx. 3 hours.  They removed some stains that I could not get out :-)  Did not try to talk me into more cleaning.  Very professional and pleasant.The customer service rep was extremely nice and helpful over the phone.Thank You!
5	Hugo and Andre came and fixed two holes in my carpet.  They were both friendly, clean, and worked quickly and efficiently. They didn't try to talk me into anything I didn't need and they charged me a very fair price. I wouldn't hesitate to use them again. Thanks to them and the receptionist who scheduled my service, all are to be commended for an excellent job! Keystone-you rock!
5	As read in previous reviews, the phone customer service was a very pleasant experience. Very simple to setup and easy to get an approximate quote. They do clean on Saturdays, which was exactly what we needed. I was surprised how soon they were able to come out. Fantastic!~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~They did such a wonderful job! Even down to the finishing touches, the guy decoratively brushed the carpet.
5	From my initial call, all the way to the end of my appointment, was nothing but professionalism. My carpet looks great and that's saying a lot because whoever lived here before me should be ashamed. $120 after my Yelp $10 discount! Love it and Love them. I will be calling them anytime I need my carpets cleaned.
5	Wow, I could not be more pleased with their work and their prices! I found Keystone on Yelp, and when I called to schedule my cleaning with them I mentioned that I had found them here, which immediately saved me $10. I made some other calls to get price comparisons, and these guys beat the competition by $40 or $50 easily. They cleaned three bedrooms, four closets, two baths, stairs, an office and our living room all for $180. Amazing. They also removed multiple stains (black grease from our couch included!), and filled in two bleach spots - without charging any additional for that extra work. Both men were very professional, very friendly and made me feel very comfortable the entire time (I am a female and was home alone for the cleaning). I would recommend you go with this team of professionals to get the absolute best quality work at the absolute best prices out there!
5	On Customer Service alone, they should receive 10 stars.   Caroline was the sweetest when I called to schedule the cleaning.  She was very accommodating and I was able to book something as soon as i needed.  She also took the time to give me an estimate over the phone, note their payment policies and inquire about any special needs I may have.   Eddie and Andre came right on time the day I scheduled and both were wonderful.  They were so friendly and professional right from the start -- and I felt at ease and super comfortable (I'm a female who lives alone).  I showed them the areas and discussed my reasons for getting a cleaning -- unfortunately, red and purple dye transferred from two area rugs, one in my living room - one in my bedroom and stained my off white carpet.  Despite it seeming hopeless of helping this type of stain, both the guys tackled it with a positive attitude and assured me they'd do everything they could.  After reviewing the estimate Caroline gave me and explaining any extra costs (due to my stain) we agreed and they got to work.  They worked hard at that stain, and though it wasn't able to come out :'""( they really did try their best.  They were super honest about the best way to approach it and didn't try to sell me a solution because they said, in their honest opinion it wasn't worth it. Eddie and Andre are top notch -- REQUEST THEM!  And the rest of my carpets look phenomenal.   I have little doggies, and they were super sweet and kind to them through-out the entire visit (they suggested i move them from my bathroom which was right off my bedroom where they were working because of the chemicals to treat my dye stain... just incase, i mean... how considerate :)) and they gave me an honest opinion of what they thought my carpet needed (ie.. they didn't try and add on a bunch of stuff because i am a pet owner or otherwise).  They were really quite fast and thorough and smiles the entire time.  The price was awesome ($80!! and my $10 yelp coupon) and they didn't charge me anything for the attempt at lifting the dye since it wasn't able to come out -- and i'll tell you, they deserved the payment on that because i know it was some tough work.   They advised me how to walk on the carpet during the drying process, when to put back furniture and were really careful with their equipment.    I'll be using them again on my next mid year carpet clean and when my lease is up. if you have any doubts.. don't.  and don't waste your time shopping around because these guys are the best!!  who says you can't get QUALITY, GREAT PRICING, AND CUSTOMER SERVICE all at the same place?!
1	-i realized they were over priced after the fact-charged for pet treatment but didn't tell me first and didn't treat second pet spot i told them about-when they came out to clean spot they missed the first time, they tried to charge me again for what should have been done in the first place -manager was rude when i explained the problem (i wasn't asking for anything extra, just wanted the spot treated that i paid for)DON'T USE THEM!! I WOULD NEVER USE THEM AGAIN
5	I had my carpets cleaned yesterday by Keystone and they are truly the BEST!  Day of Scheduling: The receptionist was really nice setting up the appointment when I first called. Day of Appointment: The guys actually waited for me b/c I was across town running late. I apologized and they were cool about it. No biggie. They were friendly, professional, and fast! I asked if they could spot clean two chairs in addition to my carpet, and they said sure, and there was no extra cost for the spot cleans (woot woot!). The whole cleaning process didn't take too long and the carpet dried in about 3.5 hours and is fluffy and plush now! Thanks Keystone :)
5	I first called Stanley Steamer to get a price quote, based on what I needed done, they were going to charge me close to $460.00... Needless to say, I told them forget it!! I started looking on yelp and found keystone... I am so happy I did... I initially spoke with Brent... What a nice guy... Answered all my questions!!  What a fabulous experience and their prices are amazing, $170!!! Steve and Mike were very professional, friendly and did a wonderful job.  I will NEVER call Stanley Steamer again and will always use keystone in the future.  My neighbor was so impressed with their workmanship, she asked for a business card and will also use them.  Keystone, please give Steve and Mike a "pat on the back" they represented your company wonderfully!!!
5	Keystone carpet care cleaned my whole house carpet. Very good job, reasonable rates, and on time. One of the best in Vegas!
5	Keystone showed up promptly on time. Ben explained the cleaning process thoroughly . Carpet looks really good now with the dog hair all gone & smelling fresh. Staircase carpet doesn't have the darkening around baseboards that other company I used tended to leave there. I'm happy with job & price.
5	Just had Keystone Carpet Care steam the carpets in my house. They did an amazing job in all 3 bedrooms and the lining room but the step looks like brand new carpeting. They did a great job on the tile as all. I would definitely use them again when the time comes.
5	From beginning to end this company was a company I wanted to give my business. Jazz made room for us in 2 days after I called for an initial quote. Andre and Hector were prompt, efficient, knowledgable of carpet, fibers, and were true consultants. We explained that our rental was in need of dog hair removal and stains. They began today at 9 am, as of 9 pm, the carpets are almost dry, stench has subsided, we felt that they did a superb job! I cannot wait to be able to walk on the finished results in the morning ! Honesty and integrity were staples for the two technicians in my home today, and for that we are truly appreciative. Use them!!!
5	Very good, thorough job done cleaning our carpets.  We have hired a number of the craigslist carpet cleaners and wouldn't go back after using a professional company with similar prices.  The only real negative was even with the two hour window they showed up five minutes past.  Not horrible and they did call when on the way.  All in all it took about 2 hrs 40 minutes for a 2800 sq ft home.  I couldn't be happier with the results, 5 stars.
5	Amazingggggg! Quick and efficient. Joseph was awesome. Left my carpet looking like new. Thanks keystone! :)
5	They came out to my apartment today and did a great job! I love their prices and they had excellent customer service! Thanks you to Pepe, Rolando & Jazz! I will be using you in the next 6 months again!
5	Today we had amazing service by Keystone.  My experience started a few weeks back when I called and spoke with Jaz (sp?) she was very personable and promised me that once the cleaners got to our home the price quoted would not go up unlike other carpet cleaning Companies here in Southern NV who upsell you while in your home putting you on the spot!  Eddie and Gilberto were friendly, fast and very  conciencious on cleaning up after themselves.  The work was perfect, thank you.  We will be reaching out to them again in 6 months!
5	Had Keystone come out to clean my stairs, master bedroom and guest bedroom, as maintenance from March of this year.  My other rooms get less traffic, and did not need cleaning, since I have been doing my almost daily vacuuming that Eddie suggested last visit.  Daniel and Eduardo came out this time, and there was a call when they were on their way.  They were fair with the pricing as well, since I thought that I had more stairs then I quoted, they adjusted the price, I also received a Yelp discount.  The carpets came out nice, as before, but there was a little less customer service (i.e. no shoe covers, no suggestions for maintenance), but all in all, will be calling again when needed.
4	Very professional and friendly staff. Carpet looks great! Will be using keystone again.
5	I found Keystone on yelp and was not disappointed! They were incredible professional and affordable. I got a discount just for mentioning yelp. The cleaners were right on time, very kind and professional the entire time. The carpets look amazing! I will definitely recommend them to anyone who needs cleaning and we will for sure be using them for any of our carpet cleaning in the future!
4	Workers were on-time, friendly, thorough and quick.  Carpet looks 100% better. Price was at the high-end of what was quoted over the phone but still decent as they also cleaned three throw rugs. Carpet took longer to dry than I was told but I would recommend them and will have them back.
2	whomp whomp whomp... second time using them, and not as impressed or happy. i HATE to do this because of the most amazing experience the first time...  but this time around, not so good.  I had different techs come out this time, they were nice enough but they seemed to just rush through it (not that i wanted to hang out all day and get my carpets cleaned, but I wanted a thorough cleaning).  I asked for the "pet treatment" and I really couldn't tell any difference other then it left a weird hard texture to my carpets that I didn't experience in the first cleaning with Keystone.   They also over saturated my carpets and they took almost 2 days to dry!! Unfortunately, these two techs weren't as careful with their equipment and left A LOT of scuffs along my walls, corners and stairs.  My cleaning ended up being $140 (2 rooms and a hallway) and pretty mediocre :/.  I'll try them one more time and request my first two guys that came out and hope it was just a fluke this time around.  Otherwise, I might have to search elsewhere. Bummed.
1	Total jerks, horrific customer service, no manners at all. Highly recommend using ANYONE else. Even their front office people that answer the phone were rude, I think his name was Bren?? I dunno, just had a horrible experience with them
5	This is the second time I've used them. One was a huge house with a complicated stretching job and they did a great job for a reasonable price. We just had them do a rental house and the carpet looked beyond dirty. They did a fabulous job, carpet looks excellent. They did it quickly, didn't make a mess and for a fair price. Thanks.
3	Carpet was done nicely. However walls were left very dirty and in some areas chipped drywall. They made no mention of this when they were done. Very unprofessional. UPDATE: After contacting their office regarding above issues, they sent the crew back to correct the issues. Upgraded from 1 star to 3 as these issues should have been rectified before leaving initially.
5	I really love these guys! They were on time and always very courteous when they were in my home. My carpets were awful!!! I have a 3 year old, so lots of stains and mystery spots everywhere. They got it all off and made my carpets look like new!!! I'm so happy with them and now they are the only carpet cleaning company I hire. I have also referred them to most of my family members which use them now.
5	Very glad I went with this company. First off they were very nice and helpful when I called to make the appointment. I was told they would be there between 12 - 2. I figured they would be closer to 2. They where there right at 12 and had received a call 10 mins prior to them arriving.  Hector and Tony showed up and were so nice and helpful. I was trying to decide whether to use scotch guard and Hector helped me in away that saved me a lot of money. I would definitely recommend them to family and friends.
5	Our carpets were just cleaned and they look brand spanking new! I think the technicians that came out were honest about our bid. I will be using them in the future! Thank you, Keystone!
5	Started using Keystone Carpet Care on the advice of our Realtor in 2009. We bought a foreclosure and wanted to make sure the carpets were clean and ready to go when we moved in. They did a great job, including dying a bleached area to match (you'd never know it had been damaged to look at it now, 5 years later!) without extra charge. Have had them back every 6-12 months since and they always do a great job. On time, friendly, professional and leave my sad builder-grade carpet looking like new.They may cost a little more (I don't even know since I don't bother taking a risk with another company) but I've never been disappointed.
5	Keystone cleaned the carpets on my rental and did a great job.  They removed the musty smell and changed my mind about having to replace the carpets.  I would recommend them without hesitation.Fred WilliamsHenderson, NV
5	I called them and they showed up on time. Steve and Brandon did a superb job on my daughter's bedroom carpet it  had various stains well as some pet urine. The carpet came out better than expected. I highly recommend this company they did a superb job they told me any additional charges and how much they were. They were above board on everything. I have tile floor in the rest of my house and I will make sure to use them to clean the grout  and get the floor looking like new.
5	Great job ! Called at 4:50 and they came the next day, working around my schedule. Hector was so nice and the floors looked so good - the grout is no longer black!! Great service!
