4	I have seen this little food trailer on a number of occasions but I finally got the opportunity to try the food las weekend. They are located on the corner of Flamingo and Lindell. They have a number of daily specials and even items I had never heard of before. Once I see something new I know that's what I'm ordering. I was craving al pastor so I tried the pambazo with al pastor. It's a bit like a torts but the bread is marinated and fried I think. My fella for the al pastor burrito. Both of our orders came out quickly and we were on our way home with a back full of inexpensive goodies.Both items were great. Not the best al pastor I've ever had, a little on the dry side, but good. We both preferred the pambazo to the burrito, though. The salsas were super spicy and I loved that. I have my eye in al pastor fries and I'll definitely be back for Taco Tuesday some time really soon.
4	Finally got to try this place after driving by them for the last year and a half. Not really a taco truck but more like a small trailer that you can tow. Judging by the size of it, makes you wonder how they can make whatever you decide to get tasty.For my first visit, I got 3 tacos ($1.50 each). I got Al Pastor, Asada, and Carnitas. The Pastor was not your typical cut of pork off the spit. It was more like grilled after being sliced. The Carne Asada was your standard sliced seasoned beef. Was ok. The Carnitas were pretty good and not dry. All three had good flavor especially with the chopped up cilantro, onion, and radish. Also comes with a slice of lime and two different kinds of salsa. One is supposedly medium while the other is hot. To me both were good but both seemd to have the same spice level. I ended up mixing both up and which complemented the tacos well.The second visit I wanted to get the Asada Fries ($8.00) but wanted it with Al Pastor instead. The nice lady said that was not a problem. If you refer to my pic, they have sour cream, pico de gallo, and cheddar cheese. It was really good.Some random info. They take cash only. Since they are right next to a convenience mart, you can get more choices of drink from there. Make sure to take one of their flyers so that you know what the specials are for certain days.All in all I thought what they serve here is pretty good. I just think that you should get just a little bit more meat for what you get.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #168
4	Great food great customer service, if you are on the go and in the mood for good Mexican food this is a good spot. Although its not a restaurant and they are located right next to the spring valley market you won't regret stopping by. Would definitely go by again.
5	This is the best taco truck I have been found, try out few taco trucks before. The tacos are awesome . especially all foods serving are so clean in order. Definitely recommend for neighborhood and tourists too.
5	Awesome attitude and quick eats! You can also call your order in ahead. Portions are quite large, we split a supreme burrito and it was more than enough for two. Had the carnitas (shredded pork) and it was delicious.  They also told us you can call in your order in advance so it's ready to pick up when you get there! Great!
