3	After being a frustrated Citibank customer for over 10 years, our move to Charlotte a while back happily forced me to switch banks. Hooray for Credit Unions!Compared to other Credit Unions I've done business with, CMCU holds up pretty well. They absolutely excel in customer service - they hire smart, happy people who put out positive vibes and treat you like you're special. Honestly, most CUs have this nailed - it's an essential part of the experience, obviously - so ya.They're growing - there are now 6 locations in Charlotte. Anyone that lives, works, or goes to school in Charlotte can join - which means anyone in our fair city who wants to opt out of the big bank BS can jump on the CU bandwagon. Although this is a growing trend among CUs, many still serve specific populations (ie, state workers, telecommunications employees, etc) and their families, so it's rad that CLT has a Credit Union that will work with anyone in the area.But - c'mon, you knew it was coming - CMCU's not perfect. Dings include:Broken or empty ATM's at peak hours (broken) and Sundays (empty). Only worth mentioning because of the frequency at which these things occur.Outdated technology at the ATMs (if you need to check balances, make transfers, and withdrawal money, you'll be sticking your card in and keying your code three times). Website's a tad slow and anti-intuitive. But, they do electronic statements, so that's helpful.ATM withdrawals are limited to 4 per month before they start assigning fees. Yeah, that's pretty lame. Getting cash back from a store purchase won't cost you or count.Conservative lending practices and membership approval goes with the territory at CUs, so expect a pretty thorough financial check-up before becoming part of the Union.All in all, I'm pretty comfy with CMCU and plan on continuing to be a customer. However, if I had access to other more "exclusive" CUs, I'd probably do some exploring.
2	I have been a member for several years and was pleased until recently. Two weeks ago there was a mixup with the credit card I obtained through them and I suspected fraud.  I had the card shut down and a new card number was issued.  Their credit card is  with a bank in Nebraska, and I found out today that their bill pay system is outsourced to Virginia.  They are starting their own credit card next month but I was told that if I want to switch to that one I will have to go through the entire new customer application process.  This will really hurt my credit score if I close down the first account and do this.  Every penny I own is in this credit union, and I am upset that they could not just transfer me from the card THEY set me up with to their new local card service (there is 0 balance and were never any late payments.).  I am also having an issue with this Omaha bank because I paid the balance with my online CMCU bill pay and they say they didn't receive it.  The money was deducted from my account and hopefully this is just a small glitch that will be straightened out.  But I thought the main point of a credit union as opposed to a bank was that everything is handled locally. That would have avoided some of my problem.   With all this outsourcing I am questioning if I'd do better to switch back to a local bank.
4	So far, so good.Good service at every branch I've visited (WT Harris, Sunset, Huntersville, Central Avenue).
1	CMCU This credit Union is engaging in the same shady business as banks. They process the large amounts first, even if they are more recent than your small charges; all in the hopes of over-drafting your account then charging you $33 fee for each overdraft. Shameful!!
5	This has been my bank for years, it only gets better as the members increase. There's ATMs everywhere, few charges, free checking and best of all online check deposit. Most everyone is very friendly and helpful, never any problems here!
