4	Blueberry coffee!  It smells so good in the car on the way to work.   Also I love that they add the milk/sugar/splenda for you, so nice.  The breakfast sandwiches are good and the hash browns are excellent.   Of course the Boston Creams are my favorite, so I wish they had a drive through so I wouldn't be tempted.
3	Located on 67th avenue, east side of the road, just north of the 101 in a little strip mall.  Weekdays outside of prime breakfast hours are great at this place - no long lines, pleasant employees, etc.  Rush hour and weekend mornings can bring the longer lines, especially for those people who order the egg sandwiches and such.  Much nicer after the remodeling.
5	I get my 4 yr old "chocolate meatballs" aka munchkins every 2 weeks or so, and we've always had nothing but fast, friendly service!
3	This Dunkin Donuts is hit or miss.When i run in here for just coffee, the service is usually very fast and prompt. When i run in there to order coffee and food, that usually becomes a circus. There have been times when i've waited over 20 minutes for my food. Usually it's not a problem, but when you have a business meeting that you have to attend to, it is. Fast food, pffft. Bring a sleeping bag.
4	We go to this Dunkin Donuts just about every time we viisit Arizona. Donuts are of course always fresh and service is good. I fell in love with the Vanilla Chai drink
3	Good quality hand soap and hand dryer here! Thanks for not cheaping out on us dunkin donuts! Stable WIFI! Donuts can be better.
5	Great service here. Fast, and in the drive thru they ask the people who order food cooked to order to pull around so as not to make those just getting beverages and donuts wait a long time.  Sometimes there are new people here and they take a bit of time getting up to speed.  But for the most part, a very fast drive thru experience is had almost every visit.Thanks!
1	I came and ordered a coffee, cause that's what they're known for, right? Sad to say I would prefer Starbucks over this. Maybe I should have gotten a donut instead. I tossed my drink after three sips.
4	Once walking in, I can see there's already a line. Great I thought, another long wait. This place was much different. The barista was taking drink orders even before you were being waited in to get the coffee made and out there. The line moved very quickly. And service was presented with a smile and cheer. Family friendly atmosphere, clean floors. The manager walks around and asks how everything is. And they're always cleaning. I have 4 stars, for my particular service. Ordered a coffee coolata and already paid. Then was told they didn't have it. So front counter people need to have more information about what's going on when waiting on ppl. Ok
4	Very clean, fast service, friendly staff. Would be 5 stars but they were out of what I ordered.
2	Ok so the food is fine, it's fast food breakfast food, not much to be expected. Every time I've gone the service has been very fast, I've never had to wait long for anything. BUT.... they are always out of something, and I don't go at weird times, the latest I've ever gone has been 11am, so I feel like they need to step it up with keeping things stocked. There has not been one time I've gone where they have had plain bagels, which I don't understand because that's the most common bagel, how do you run out? They have also been out of croissants, numerous other bagel flavors, and donuts. Seriously WTF!?? Maybe I just have bad luck with the days i choose to go, but I'm definitely going to start eating a different location, because it's absolutely ridiculous that they would be out of these things so early.
5	Absolutely loved the service! I wanted a dozen donuts and I got them and was out in less then 5 minutes! Great friendly staff
3	Dunkin Donuts is always good and you can't go wrong with a chocolate long john, but they are hard to get here. I must have got there after a rush because there just wasn't much left to choose from. My advise is that if you are going to go, make sure you get there before everyone else does so you can get what you want.
1	Thanks for being rude when you got my order wrong and then just transferring the incorrect cheese from one sandwich to the other instead of putting new cheese on both sandwiches. Now my sandwich tastes like an everything bagel. Not exactly what I was looking forward to this morning. This location gets my order wrong more often than not. I think it's time to find a new breakfast place.
1	This is the worst Dunkin Donuts I have ever been to and I stop in at Dunkin Donuts at lot when traveling. I have been to this location several times in the last year since I moved to the area and have been frustrated trying to pay every time. They always seem to have one of two registers open and if you are there for one item and want to pay and get out you have to wait. You wait on the people in front of you who may have large orders or are also just waiting to pay because the person at the one register has already started to ring up a larger order. No shortage of people working there as I always see a few working on preparing orders and a few taking orders. However no one ever opens up the second register and for some reason can't as I have received an "I'm sorry but the other person has to ring you up". Then you wait to pay for much longer than necessary. I have ordered coffee in the past and waited so long to pay the coffee is getting warm. They have no problem taking your order and preparing your coffee or getting a muffin but then you stand there looking at your order sitting there while you wait to pay. I have seen managers standing around chit chatting with employees or customers at the other end of the store with no clue on what is going on at the register. If the managers were doing a good job they would see the problem and open up a register to get people out the door. You would think that if they are only going to use one register they would not start to ring someone up until they were ready to pay. Not this place. No common sense here.Well on today's visit, I was fourth in line and the people in front of me had larger orders than me. Standing fourth in line I was asked if I wanted just coffee or donuts and I said I just want one muffin. My muffin was bagged and put next to the register. I walked up to the second register expecting that I would be taken care of so I could pay and leave. Nope, the person standing next to the register apologized and said the other person had to ring me up. I waited a few minutes watching people run around preparing orders and the person at the register standing waiting for the order she started to ring up to be completed. I noticed other people waiting to pay and realized this was going to take a lot of time. I saw who I thought was the manager standing at the other end of the store talking to another employee so I called to him and asked if he was the manager. He was and I explained the situation. However I was so annoyed at this point I just told him he needed to open up another register and get the people out who were waiting to pay. He seemed out of touch with what was going on and that annoyed me too so I just said that I did not want my muffin, he could keep it and I would not be back.I hope the person who owns this franchise reads this and wakes up to what is going on in this store.
1	We live in Southern California, but we were out here for a family trip.Dunkin Donuts recently moved out to Southern CA, but I haven't had the opportunity to try the CA location so I jumped on this location when I saw it during our walk. I'm very disappointed after all the hype of how amazing this place was. We ordered their famous iced coffee, bagel breakfast sandwich, and their maple glazed donut. The best part of our experience was how quickly the food came out, however the food was gross. The bagel sandwich was cold, and the bagel was not toasted and tasted old. The iced coffee had no flavor other than milk and sugar. The donut frosting left a fatty film on the roof of our mouths after eating, and it was one of the worst donut I've ever eaten.I will never try Dunkin Donuts again.
3	Dunkin Donuts is pretty average to me. I think they're a little bit overrated. I had never been to one before moving to Arizona so I was looking forward to trying it, but it was pretty much like every other donut store I've ever been to. Plus, by the time I got my donut, it was stale. I don't know if it was because it was mid to late morning, or if it's because they keep donuts out in the open. Either way, their donuts were average at best and their infamous iced coffee was also, average at best. I don't get the hype. 3 stars because it is literally A-OK.
1	This is the worst Dunkin Donuts I have ever been to. So bad that I've vowed to never go to a Dunkin Donuts ever again, they wont be getting a penny from me. This location has rude staff who seem to have never been taught manners. One boy handed me my bag of bagels silently and I said thank you and he turned away from me without saying you're welcome or smiling back. He just had a blank look on his face the whole time and it made me feel unwanted. Another time they were out of plain bagels.. really? And they didn't even offer to make more for me. Terrible.
2	This Dunkin Donuts can never seem to get it togehther. After reading the other reviews I have found my visits to this location similar.There is only ever one register open at a time and a decent sized line. So if you want one item but the person in front of you is ordering 10+ items, you will have to wait the entire time to place your order and be taken care of.Today, a young gal (who I will leave unnamed) was cashiering. Bless her heart, she was just not having a good day. Her black makeup was smeared under her eyes, she was constantly ringing up wrong orders and one of the food preps had to keep yelling at her the whole time. When it was my turn, she didn't even muster a hello or how are you. She just stood there and stared at me. I placed my order although she was extremely confused. She said a few times during taking peoples orders "this is my cue to be off and go home." I asked if I could get almond milk in my dink instead of regular milk and she said ok.My drink came out and I saw it wasn't marked for almond milk so I asked the barista and she screamed at Kylie who then apologized because she forgot to mark almond milk. It wasn't really a big deal because I had time to wait for them to remake it. I get that everyone has bad days, but in general this Dunkin donuts just never has it together. They also forgot my hash rows and my sandwich was burnt. Butttt the baristas were pretty sweet and made sure I had everything before I left.The snicker doodle iced espresso was really yummy though!
2	This location is always out of glazed donuts??? Then the girl gives me attitude.  Get a clue, you're a donut shop.  P.s you still have Halloween marketing signs on your counter too.  Obviously not very well run.
