4	I have to say that the customer service is OUT OF THIS WORLD here!! There were two younger ladies working behind the counter and they were so nice and welcoming. It was my husband and I's first time and they recommended things and helped us out!  I can't tell you how much I appreciate service that actually appears to be enjoying their job. Very clean and cute decor too! It lost a star only because they aren't the BEST wings I've ever had, but they are pretty darn close!! We got a 10pc strip meal with a large fry and two drinks. Then we had to add on the yeast rolls too (they looked so good).  WAY too much food for the two of us, but delicious all the same!! I got mild, but my husband said their hot is hot!!Would highly recommend.
4	Made to order. Several styles to choose from. Second time here. Good customer service. Be prepared to wait. 10-12 minutes if you don't call your order in.
5	The wings here are good me and my sister ordered 40 wings we had Hawaiian, lemon pepper, mild and bbq We will definitely be back for more the staff is friendlyThe wait time for an order is 10 to 15 minutes
3	I tried Wingstop the other day for lunch.  I like that they prepare the wings when you get there so they are fresh, but I wasn't really impressed with the sauces I chose.  Hawaiian was gluey and too sweet, and the parmesean cheese was like a bottle of Kraft sprinkled on it.  I wish I had tried the habenero, but the guy at the counter seemed to discourage me.  I'd like to go back and give them another try with some different sauces.  Service was good, so I'll give it another shot sometime!
2	Ate there last night with my husband and outside of the exceptional customer service and good prices (hence the two stars), I will never be back. I ordered the mild boneless wings with fries and was completely disappointed. The sauce had way too much of a "buttery" taste and one of the ingredients the fries were seasoned with was SUGAR! So disgusting. Is this a new thing?? About an hour and a half eating there I got mild food poisoning. Although it's hard to 100% blame them as the cause...I would bet a lot of money my wings weren't cooked properly. I'll be sticking with Buffalo Wild Wings.
3	I have pretty much come to the conclusion that these wings are the fast food of wings. Not that they try to present themselves otherwise but I just get a very generic feel from these wings.I will say that the service at this location is top notch. The cashier taking orders was very nice and made sure to clarify what I had ordered before she put the order in. I ordered three chicken strips with original hot sauce and fries with a side of cheese sauce. The strips were just okay. I would not go out of my way to order them again. The fries were the same. The cheese sauce that came with them was overall pretty bland. My true issue lies with the amount of salt that is used in everything here. Way too much salt. It became overpowering halfway through my meal. As one of the other reviewers said, I could also taste sugar in the fries which is just completely unnecessary. I'm not sure if I would come back to Wing Stop. There are certainly many other better alternatives for wings in the area. I might consider trying something else here but not any time soon.
4	This is an old favorite for me. I always get the Louisiana rub and Lemon Pepper. No fail. Prices are good and it's close. Service is awesome. People are super friendly and quick when I order to go.
5	I have ordered from this place on several occasions.  I can't comment on any other flavor other than the buffalo... We always order them extra crispy and they are delicious!!  The staff is always friendly.  The place is clean and the wings are made fresh while you wait.  Other than fries, my family hasn't tried anything else on the menu, but as far as wings go, they simply couldn't be better!
4	Good wings.  Stopped in for a quick bite and a Heineken, perfect.  Not anything I would go out of my way for, but in the area, great stop.
