3	Pretty standard sheetz store. The parking lot is kind of confusing, not real easy to get in and out of. I ordered two wraps from the MTO counter.  Both wraps were loose, the people making them could use some practice.  It also took quite some time for my order to come up even though it was not very busy.  Checkout process was easy, the guy at the counter was very courteous. I also observed another employee helping an older woman use the MTO screen.  Good job.
1	This is a relatively new sheetz, and it's close to where I live - so I was excited when they opened. The restaurant was clean and the parking lot was slightly confusing. When I arrived, I wasn't in the mood for the typical fried food that I order, so I ordered a salad instead. Halfway through my salad, I notice what appeared to be a dark piece of lettuce, so I proceed to pick it up to take it out of my salad. That's when I noticed that it wasn't lettuce, but a dead moth. Now.... I have worked in the food industry for quite a long time... I understand that bugs can get into food and that it's not always something that a restaurant can avoid... But this thing was huge. I was so completely and utterly disgusted, I walked out of the building and told my boyfriend to talk to management. They refunded me for the salad, but not the meal my boyfriend had or my drink. I called the next day to discuss the situation and explain to them that I was dissatisfied with the customer service I received... I would have appreciated a manager apologizing to me or even just talking to me about it. I also believe that I should have been refunded for our entire order... Something as horrific as finding a giant dead moth in your meal cannot be forgotten or forgiven by simply refunding the customer for the salad. When I spoke to a manager, they suggested that I could come to the store and receive another salad on the house- which I respectfully declined. Horrible experience that I will never forget :/
3	This place is nothing to write home about. Your standard gas station... but I do like the fact that they have a bunch of pumps so you wont have to be waiting here to fill up your tank. The place is clean and its a super busy place. Their gas prices are pretty competitive, but nothing like the establishment that has a membership card that is all over town.
