1	When we first starting going to this doctor's office we were very happy and pleased. Unfortunately, things went bad and I will not recommend this pediatrics facility to anyone. I called at 3:50 asking if there was anyway to bring my daughter. The lady that answered the phone put me for 30 minutes. When she finally picked up the phone I asked her if she knew how long I was on the phone? She said do you want to make an appointment as too ignore my question. I said I have been on hold for 30 minutes she came back at me with full force and said it is a Monday and 2 people called in today so we are doing the best we can. I feel very uneasy about a pediatrician's office putting a parent on hold for 30 minutes because that is the best they can do. So after I got yelled at for it being a Monday I again explained I need to bring in my daughter and again I was put on hold. Then after being on hold for an additional 10 minutes I was told there were no available appointment's left for today. I told the nurse that I had requested my children's medical records 2 months ago and I want to know where they are (due to a very bad experience I had with the doctor a few months before this episode) and again I was put on hold. I finally arrived at the doctor's office with phone in hand and still on hold. By the time I got to the office I had been on hold for 45 minutes because that is the best they can do. I was at the office for another 30 minutes while 3 different employees told me one lie after another on where my kids medical records were. So if you calculate it all up I was dealing with them for one hour and 15 minutes and in all of that time someone could of seen my daughter. I gave this office 2 chances with my kids and that was 2 chances too many.   One last note...When my son was sick with RSV and I was trying to get ahold of the office I had to leave a message with triage and it took them 3 hours to get back to me. They told me they had lunch that is what took so long. I was already in the ER when they called back and ended up in the ICU of children's hospital that night.
5	We have had our children seen at Pediatric Medical Associates for 4 years now. I travel further now just to have them be seen by the Doctors and Nurse there because they are the BEST DOCTORS, not just because a Magazine says so. THEY ARE GREAT DOCTORS! There aren't many providers that will go above and beyond like theirs do. They truely care for my children as if they are family. YES...sometimes there is a wait that might seem unbareable while, as parents, we are concerned about our children being uncomfortable. Its our responsibility to use common sense and know when to go to the E. R. and not wait for an office visit. A good doctor will inform you of these thing, as Dr. Saba did for our family. I worked in the dental feild so I understand there is nothing you can do about the wait some times. There is only a wait because these Doctors take the time to be thurough with the patient they are seeing at the time. When your child is the child in the office getting the attention they deserve, it makes up for it!!!! From our family in these hard time....TRUELY THANK YOU!
4	I initially met Dr Saba at the hospital after we delivered my beautiful baby girl. He did the welfare check on us and I was impressed. I continued to use him as my daughters Dr but over time, them moving, us moving & us changing insurance we found ourself seeing another Dr. I ended up finding Dr Saba again so I ended up changing back to his practice and am so glad. He treats my daughter like he knows her, like family. I've had the pleasure of interacting with the other Dr's & staff as well & have always had a good experience. I will continue to recommend him to people I care about
3	If your looking for a doctor who really listens to you about your kids. Jennifer is the perfect one to see here. I as a mother have had a hard time getting doctors to listen to me about my children, but not with Jennifer. She understand that moms know their kiddos the best. I recommend her to anyone. I don't recommend Seitter, he gives off the impression that you don't know what your talking about when it come to your children. When seeing him, he also makes you feel like your bothering him. You don't get that welcome feeling when seeing Seitter, like you do when seeing Jennifer.
1	WONT BE BACK Our first office visit for our daughters pku test seemed to go fine.  Then the nurse that did the prick came in.  Most pediatricians warm the baby's heel so it doesn't hurt as bad, but these guys didn't.  not sure why.  The nurse that did the prick didn't even get the bandaid on our baby's heel all the way so it fell off immediately and she was bleeding on the floor.  Literally, drops of blood on the floor.  I've never seen a baby bleed like that for a pku test and this was our third baby.  The nurse didn't even do anything, just walked out as fast as possible.  Just got the bill for our hospital visit and our first office visit and I about had a heart attack.  They charged about $700 for spending two minutes with the baby.  Insane! On top of that, for our first visit they charged over $200 just for the well visit part which I had previously been told would be $80.  I specifically called before establishing our daughter as a paitent to find out this information.  As far as Dr. Seitter himself I agree with the comment that he gives off the impression you don't know what you're talking about.  We had to repeatedly tell him even in the hospital that this was our third child.  We pretty much know what we're doing at this point.  I don't write many reviews.  This peds office was so bad I felt I should let people know.  Hopefully this will save someone reading it some time and probably a whole lot of money.
4	We love Dr. Saba! He is great with our kids and really listens. He came highly recommended by a good friend and I see why! All 4 of our kids go here.
5	Since my children were infants, they have been patients at Pediatric Medical Associates. Through the years they have visited the office for a variety of issues and have been seen by almost every doctor. The office staff and doctors are all very nice and scheduling is rarely an issue.
5	Lifetime of great medical care for all or our kiddos. The insurance companies have made changes that the doctors are not in favor of either. We stand by the set of doctors (all of them)...very knowledgable.
1	Initially met Dr. Saba at the hospital when he did the welfare check of our newborn son. Love him, and his bedside manner and sense of humor. Too bad the front office staff as well as the billing woman are miserably rude. I have been to 6 wellness visits with my son so far and each time I had to wait at least 45 minutes to see the doctor. Just last week, I waited 40 minutes in the waiting room and decided enough was enough after having my healthy child sit amongst a revolving door of sick and coughing children with no end in sight or update from the front desk girl. Sad that I have to find another pediatrician, because he wasn't the problem, the overbooking and front end staff was.
1	Dr. Saba its time to FIRE your front room staff  that at incompetent AND UNABLE OR UNWILLING TO DO THEIR JOB  look at the reviews its not the Dr.'s we are complaining about its your staff we set a well being appointment 3 months in advance got a reminder phone call the day before we showed up 15 min. early for our appointment filled out paper work and then was told it was your scheduled day off !!!!!  and was it ok to see some one else for Gods sake if we had wanted to see some one else we would have made an appointment 3 months ago to do so  on leaving we ask that the office manager call us so we could talk about this incident to this date we have not heard for your office or from you PLESAE KNOW WE WELL NOT BE BACK WE HAVE FOUND A NEW DOCTOR WE HAVE SPENT OVER AN 1/12 HOURS SETTING UP, SHOWING UP FOR OUR APPOINTMENT AND FINDING A NEW DR. WE WOULD LIKE FOR YOU TO REIMBURSE US FOR OUR LOST TIME  WE WELL ACCEPT THE SAME RATE AS YOU BILL PER HOUR THANK YOU FOR YOUR CONSIDERATION IN THIS MATTER WE WELL BE EXPECTING A  PAYMENT Mr. Harris
