3	Lucie's Lounge is a cool little bar that knows exactly what it is.  THe bartenders there are range from super nice and great with drinks to inattentive at worst, but they never get in the way. The best part of this place is that the drinks are super cheap Happy hour or not, you can get your moneys worth of whatever you want. Whats also cool about this bar is that they have comedy shows occasionally and on saturdays they do karaoke, which never falls short of entertaining. Its a great local bar, and its one that likely gets passed by because of its location and that the exterior doesn't make it stand out at all. But if you like dive bars then this'll be a great place for you
4	Been to this bar a couple of times before. To my surprise, it's really clean and kept up. You wouldn't be able to tell from the outside though. They have a couple of pool tables and had a dj. My girlfriends and I had the best ASADA FRIES N GARLIC PARMESAN FRIES EVER!!! The only disappointment was, the blonde bartender took forever to serve us our drinks but overall it was a fun atmosphere :) we will definitely be back.
1	I was there for the first time on the evening of Wednesday, 12-25-2013.  I won't be going back.They have what is billed as an "Open Mike Comedy Night" on Wednesdays, but unfortunately, it's run by folks who don't know what they're doing and have NO CLUE about how a comedy show should be presented.For example, they billboard themselves as having a 9:30 PM start time, but at 10:25 PM, the "show" hadn't started yet, probably because the DJ/Host was high on something...Also, the place was too damned noisy.  No one could carry on a decent conversation with all of the music blaring.  I was glad to leave, after almost an hour.The pretty blonde barmaid on duty at that time was PERFECT; very attentive and friendly to her patrons, and most important of all, she was totally HONEST.I sincerely hope she finds a good job, elsewhere.
1	This place is a dump and that is a compliment for the neighborhood it's located in.  If you have a fear of being mugged, shot, or raped then stay away...and I mean during daylight hours too! This place makes prison look like Club Med.  Too bad I had to chose a star or I would have rated it "no stars".
1	WHAT A DAMN SHAME! New owners come in fire all the bartenders FOR WHAT?!?! An over weight, non personality having, 1980's perm wearing NOBODY! Who is to busy flirting with the guys playing pool to serve paying customers!?!?!?!!? Are y'all serious? The place is so dead the bartenders personality is dead. And the sad looking girl charged me for drinks when I had money in the machine, which should have been comped cause i was playing. That goes to show how desperate they are for money.All in all I wont be coming back thanks for ruining my neighborhood bar by firing all the dope bartenders for your wack a$$ wife to bartender who sucks and is too busy flirting with the customers over pool to serve us.Yall ruined a good neighborhood bar! Wont ever be coming back thanks!
4	Raider nation bar, friendly bar tender and very informative. Do not let the outside appearance keep you away. clean and very non divey on the inside. They also serve food but we had already eaten.
5	I met a friend here and was a bit skeptical due to previous reviews. I am glad that did not change my mind about this place. It's more of a bar than a lounge, but thats ok. I still had a good time. The people there was nice and didn't mind talking. A pool league was playing was tgat was interesting to watch. I don't know how this place was in the past, but my experince was great.   The bartender was interactive with the patrons. She made an awesome drink.I would definitely go back if i have the opportunity.They are definitely  Raider fans. I prefer the Packers!
5	great bar for members of the Raider Nation whether visiting Vegas or if you live there, wear silver and black and you're instant family don't then go elsewhere !
