4	Both locations of Portofino offer great Italian comfort food.  This place offers great pasta and meat dishes, and also has great pizza.  The pirces are moderate but the portions are large enough to account for them.  I love to get take-out from this place because it can be a bit crowded for dinner.  The house salad dressing is really great, and a side salad is the perfect addition to a pizza.
4	Very good Italian food-which has been hard to find here in Charlotte!
5	My boss' favorite Italian restaurant when he travels here. We even had our sales meeting here and were very well treated. We sat at the tables outside and were treated to great wine, fresh tasting food, and delicious salads. My only mediocre note was the dessert-but we really didn't have much room anyway!
4	Being born and raised outside of Philly, I literally cried when I ordered my first pizza in Charlotte back in '92 -- it was that bad.  I have yet to find pizza that rivals that of my home state, but Portofino's comes close.  I love the thin crust and order it extra crispy so it's not soggy at all.  I usually make my own pasta and do not order it out, but when I'm feeling lazy I do like Portofino's combination seafood (zuppe di pesce) in marinara over the pasta of my choice.  It is chock full of clams, mussels, scungilli, shrimp, etc.
2	We went here for lunch the other day.  It was busy, and seemed like a lot of business people came here for lunch. I took that as a good sign, since they chose to come to Portofino's over several good options pretty close by.  Unfortunately, I don't agree with their choice.  Our waiter was friendly enough, kind of a low talker, but otherwise the service was fine. We had the buffalo mozzarella and tomatoes for an appetizer.  It was good, though I would have real issues with a restaurant that could mess THAT up.  For lunch, I ordered the Ravioli special, my husband had a chicken parmesan sub and my mom-in-law had a salad with salmon and their house dressing.  My meal bordered on gross.  It looked like they had taken all of the different ravioli left over from dinner the night before, put them on a plate, then smothered them in a creamy basil sauce with way too many olives and roasted red peppers, so that they were unrecognizable.  There was way too much going on on that plate.  I like all of the things separately, but together, none of the flavors were distinguishable when it was all together.  There were heart-shaped mushroom ravioli, huge round meat-pie ravioli, smaller round cheese ravioli, and square sausage ravioli.  Doesn't that sound like whatever they had left over was what went on the plate?  The sauce was really gross looking: vomit-like in color and texture.  The salad looked fresh, and got reviews of "good."  Jim's sandwich was good as well, though he said he would get something else next time.  The table next to us ordered pizza, which looked good.  I'll probably try that if we go back.The other thing about Portofino's that I didn't like, was the noise level.  Normally in a restaurant, even a busy one, I can concentrate on our conversation and not hear others (unless I was trying :) ).  But this was a very loud lunchtime service, so I wouldn't recommend going there for a business meeting that you would like to pay attention to, or an intimate lunchtime date.
4	Seemingly always crowded, but for a restaurant that is a good thing: it lets you know that other people enjoy it.I have been here twice now for dinner, and the wait hasn't been too terrible. The service was good, considering how busy they were, and the food was good to very good.During my most recent visit, I had the lasagna, which was very rich and large-portioned. I can generally eat a good bit, especially of Italian food, but that evening I had a nice bit to take home as leftovers.My girlfriend at the time said the Tiramisu was very good as well.Prices are maybe a bit higher than some other Italian restaurants in the area, but you get a lot of food for the money, so that's not a big deterrent for me.
4	Portofino serves up delicious Italian food and has an extensive menu, with pasta, meat dishes, pizza and subs. I've been there for dinner a couple times and tried the lasagna and spaghetti and meatballs. I'd recommend both dishes. The servings are pretty large so chances are you'll have leftovers to take home. The warm garlic bread is also a plus, as is the long wine menu. The restaurant has a cute intimate decor and the service is friendly. It's a good dinner spot for a romantic date.
3	Meh. Portofino's is fine--nothing over the top special, though. It's not bad, certainlly, but there's nothing about it that really distinguishes it from a standard Italian restaurant. But that's a pitfall that a lot of italian places can't avoid, so I don't really get upset. Big, heaping servings, which is always a plus. Fast, attentive service--definitely a plus. And everyone there was pretty friendly. Pretty packed though, so be wary of that--and lots of corporate diners, so it wasnt exactly a mellow experience in that regard. I'll be back, but I won't exactly be ushering friends here. Or you.
4	The pizza was decent- we had Deep Dish and they served us very fast. The salads are however small
4	This place serves great Italian food!  Plenty of pasta choices and (from what I hear) great pizza as well.  The portions are large enough that you'll want to take half of your dinner home (and quickly devour it the next evening!).  It's kind of fills the same niche as the Olive Garden, but that's not really a fair comparison because Portofino's is more authentic and much tastier.The service was impeccable.  Drinks stayed refilled and everything was served exactly when expected.  Our waiter was not only pleasant, but entertaining.  He actually seemed to be enjoying his job (imagine that!).  The place is small, but charming.  I imagine they have the draw to fill a larger space, and that would certainly cut down on the wait for a table.
4	Very consistent Italian restaurant.  My son take martial arts near here so I am in quite often for a beer (If I am early) or afterwards treating him to pizza.  I have had several different menu items and have enjoyed them all.  Service is always wonderful and the prices are great.  Not the perfect place for a date, but perfect for enjoying a good meal with great service.
4	Used Yelp to find this place during a recent visit to Charlotte and was not disappointed.  Service great and staff very helpful and friendly - they made a dish that was not on the menu.  Marinara sauce is sweeter than most.
3	We dined at Portofino's on Park Rd this weekend- the third time I have eaten at this location. We are huge fan of the Portofinos on Eastway - but for some reason, this location has not been good for us.   To start with, we selected a bottle of red (Portofino Ripasso) which was very enjoyable.  Sadly, the rest of our meal wasn't as good as our wine.  We both selected from the specials of the day which came with a house salad and bread.  It took quite a while for our entrees to arrive, and when they finally did, I eagerly cut into my chicken dish and was dismayed to find ham (before ordering, I had told our server that I did not eat beef or pork, yet he neglected to tell me that the special I had selected was prepared with pork). In any case, they were kind enough to take back this entree and let me make another selection. I selected one of the fish specials.But sadly, by the time it arrived I was no longer hungry so they boxed it for me to take home. I ate it the next day for lunch and while the fish had a nice flavor (it was a bronzini sauteed with mushrooms, capers, and cherry tomatoes ), since it was a whole fish rather than a fillet, it was filled with bones to the point that it was not enjoyable to eat.  Also, it was served with a side of garlic pasta which was dripping in olive oil. (I love olive oil, but this was to the point of excess!!)  In any case,  I would not recommend this dish to anyone! My boyfriend selected the other fish special of the day and he fared much better than I did. His seabass (which was a fillet rather than a whole fish) was perfectly cooked and served on top of a bed of risotto with a stuffed portobella mushroom cap on the side.  Since we had the mishap with my entree, they offered us a complimentary dessert with coffee. We selected the tiramsu. It was ok but they were skimpy on the marscapone and tried to cover it up  with gobs of whipped cream and chocolate syrup.All in all, this meal was a huge disappointment given that we dropped over $100 (for 2 entrees, no appetizer, a bottle of wine, plus tip).  We probably would have been much happier if we had just ordered the wine and a pizza!However, I must say that my experiences at the Eastway Drive location have been much better - the food is better and overall the service is much better (even though I don't particularly like that area of town -especially at night).
4	This should be your go-to spot if you like old school, NYC Italiian...heavy on the garlic....heavy on the red sauce...etc. Let me start with their pizzas - while others have surpassed their pies (most recently Luigi's), these guys were doing authentic NY pizza before anyone else in Charlotte - great crust...better the next day!!! Their calzones are humongous, and I would put their Sicilian pie up against anyone elses...try a Sicilian with no-cheese (or 1/2 without cheese if you're hell bent on it having it on there) with mushrooms and/or pepperoni....they'll add some fresh basil to it, and it's reminiscent of tomato pie/pizza bread from northern bakeries if you guys know what I'm talking about. Their fried calamari is perfectly fried w/ marinara sauce and some hot bread to go along with it. Their bread is awesome btw...so good that I'd buy some standalone!! I'm partial to the casalinga pasta dish which is red sauce, peas and veal chunks....traditional spaghetti and meatballs is also good. ALERT - their sandwiches might be the best in town...the best cheesesteaks, the best hot Italian sub, the beast meatball marinara, the best veal/chicken parm....MADON!!!!! I'm pulling a homer and drooling as I type. 9 times out of 10 I get it to go - and actually prefer the Eastway shopping center location (I swear their prices are cheapr, but they have the same takeout menu so it can't be true). No one is claiming this to be the best upscale Italian restaurant in town...but it fits the bill perfectly for the aforementioned NY style Italian-American comfort food.
5	When I'm asked where a good Italian restraunt in Charlotte is - I immediately say "Portofino's on Park Road."First off, this is the only Itailan restraunt in the area that my boyfriend doesn't raise his nose at and actually suggests that we go to (if you ever tried his mother's cooking, you'd understand).Their pizza is MY FAVORITE in town, maybe anywhere - and I like me some pizza. I never even think to order anything but just cheese because it's so good and why mess with a good thing?Their house dressing is awesome! I love getting the house salad to start off my meal (no onions, thanks). The bread is alright, not amazing, but good for dipping in sauce later.Pizza - YES.Chicken Parm - excellent!Stuffed Shells or Manicotta - though not my favorite, delicious.Lasagna - yummmm.Penne Bolognese - YES YES YES.Baked Ziti - obviously.I'm sure I've tried more, but those are the standouts as far as I'm concerned. The wait is rarely long, even when they look slammed. The wait staff is always super nice. Our last guy was hilarious and had the best laugh I've heard in a while. Many of them have Italian accents, which I love for effect. Decor isn't anything outrageous, but works for me. It's very pleasant and relaxed. Great spot to take the family or a date. (My dad hates going to Italian restaurants when he visits other cities, but makes an exception when he comes to Charlotte for Portofinos. Same with my mom.)If you haven't been yet or are passing through town - GO. In fact.. you should probably go right now.
4	Great food, great service, and great prices..Need I say more.
3	Solid Portofino Pie. Not the best in town - and nowhere near the worst. But I like my 'fino's better.Something about this super-clean Tuscan decor job, complete with painterly mural work, foliage-a-dangling, and faux columns in awkward places (not unlike the Eastway outpost) is amusing when it's in one of the most thug life strip malls in town. When it's part of this newfangled City Square stuff it just boils over into pretentious-ville.  Pie is good, tho.
4	Authentic, tasty and hearty Italian cookin that even my wonderful, Italian grandma wouldn't mind diving into - and that's saying a lot. Yes, my grandmother is one of the best cooks in the world (major bias, I'm sure) but Portofino's throws down some damn tasty eats.I stopped by Portofino's to catch up with a friend over a casual lunch. While their menu looked pretty enticing I went with their lunch special "bake": two jumbo stuffed shells, one manicotti, baked and covered in meat sauce. While I can't get grandma's cookin' in Charlotte, this was a very solid substitute! The shells and manicotti were perfectly cooked (not overly so) and stuffed with delicious ricotta. And the sauce - purty tasty too - although I would have been delighted with another manicotti and less sauce. But that's just personal preference!The service was friendly and attentive and I never went without at least a half-full beverage. Plus, the prices are pretty affordable - my bake was $7.95. Not bad! I absolutely want to come back and try their 'za and maybe a whole tray of desserts. Nom!
5	Fantastic!  Very cozy little italian place.  We were from out of town and took a chance on it and we were glad we did.  The best lasagna ever and excellent marinara sauce.  Great service and good wine!  Want to go back for lunch tomorrow!
4	In short, this place serves up super tasty Italian food and pizza with local hospitality and charm.After receiving several recommendations for Portofino's, we finally got around to sampling their fare.  I ordered my standard Italian dish, lasagna bolognese, and my wife ordered a plain cheese pizza.  The lasagna was very good but that pizza?  Oh man, did I order wrong!  I could not stop asking her for just one more bite.Be aware that this place is like a local version of a Carrabba's or a Macaroni Grill, only with MUCH better food and no cheesy artificial flair.  If you want a family friendly joint to serve up some great tomato sauce and cheese, this is the place.
4	FINALLY tried this place the other day and was I impressed. Authentic menu at reasonable prices. On my recent trip, there were many great smells that filled the room upon entering, most of them from the fresh pizza that many customers had on their table when I was seated. I was tempted to go the pizza route, but instead decided on the Clazone which was HUGE. Started with a salad, which was average, but most side salads to me are, though it does the mind trick of having greens in the diet and feeling good about it...ha.
5	Close by work - Excellent lunch stop and GREAT for work related take out (so the gang will work weekends for this food!).Pizza is always excellent and all the Italian standards are great.I just tried a Seared Tuna (kind of Asian) with balsamic reduction, nice greens and GREAT bruschetta today at lunch.  Unexpected here but VERY GOOD stuff.
4	This inconspicuous spot could be mistaken from outside as a greasy pizza parlor due to the neon signs. Now, I have nothing against good greasy pizza but do not be fooled people, this is not one of those. Come inside and be treated to a warm and cozy spot with paintings of Venice (I think) on the wall. The seafood dishes really are a fair deal, you can get pasta piled high with clams, shrimp, scallops etc for less than 15 bucks. The service was friendly, our water glasses were never less than half full. Even the creamy dishes were light and tasty. I guess my scampi was a bit less garlicky than I like, but it really wasn't much of a loss - it was quite delicious. I'll be back.
4	Portofino's nails it with delicious food, great/prompt service and a nice atmosphere. I've been to both locations for lunch, but this will be just for the one off Park. We arrived at about 1:30pm for lunch, which is sometimes an awkward time to eat at a restaurant; the lunch rush is over, the cook is ready to prep for dinner and the servers are ready for their shift to slow down! Fortunately, we were promptly seated at a great table outside by the fountain. Our server was pretty knowledgeable of the food and seemed to have actually tasted all of them. She couldn't quite pronounce gnocchi in the specials, but the food and service was so good it didn't really matter!I had my "usual" the boscaiola with penne and their great side salad with house dressing. The dressing is very light, but delish. The bread is always warm and crusty (crusty good, not "I wore these jeans 20 times before I washed them" crusty). And that boscaiola sauce is like heaven on a plate!!! The peas! The prosciutto! The creaminess! It all comes together in an amazingly perfect way that leaves you wishing the plate had more than the 4 servings it comes with! BEWARE! You will want to eat all of it! Try to resist and take some home! I highly recommend adding some crushed red pepper flake to the sauce if you give it a go, adds a nice kick! My co-worker had the special portobello ravioli, planned on saving a couple to take home, but couldn't resist the deliciousness!I highly recommend Portofino's. The food is great and even if the staff can't pronounce all of the food on the menu, they're all still great!
4	Well helllllo Italian delight!!  This place knows what they are doing when it comes to the lunch-size cheese steaks.  I can't attest to the dinner platters just yet, but this is a definite place to stop for a semi quick lunch.  I had the 11 inch cheese steak with onions and it was superb.  Like most sandwiches, the bread is what makes the difference.  It was right on point and perfectly toasted.  Give it a try and you will not be disappointed.  PS.  I just started at a new job and my co-workers thought they would haze me.  They forced me to finish the massive cheese steak in one sitting.  Little did they know, like the cow, I have a four chamber stomach and threw down that sandwich with some fries.  They brought their halves home in a doggy bag.  Enormous portion size!  Thanks Brad/Seth.Enjoy..   -Ian M.
4	I had a pizza topped with pineapples and ham (Hawaiian is my favorite!)  Although it tasted great, I did not like that the cheese was somewhat greasy.The service was excellent; could not have been better.  The restaurant was very clean and the architecture is gorgeous.
5	I really do love this place. Of all the places I have been to Charlotte I think this is my favorite. The staff is so nice and professional. Especially Woody he is our favorite waiter. They always make sure drinks are filled and we have enough bread. I have never felt rushed and the portions are big for the prices. I also love the outdoor patio so nice come spring to sit outside and enjoy a pizza! We took friends here last memorial day and they are still talking about how they want to go again when they are back in town!
5	In my opinion, BEST pizza in Charlotte.....and I've tried them all (hawthornes, brixx, intermezzo, luigis, fuel).  The tomato sauce is flavorful; the crust has a homemade fresh taste and the sausage is great as well.  Also, their house salad dressing is amazing.  I would go back just for the dressing.  It's a creamy sundried tomato, garlic, mildly spicey dressing.  Yum.  We went today for Valentines and despite the consistent flow of people, the service was still flawless.  I really want to try something other than the pizza but I enjoy the pizza so much that I don't want to be disappointed.  Our bill for a side salad, medium pizza, garlic bread and a glass of wine was $25.....not bad!Definitely give it a try (for pizza and a salad at least)!
4	Portofinos on Park Road is one of the few places I go for good Italian cuisine in the QC.  I'm not saying it's the best Italian I've ever had, but it certainly ranks up there as far as Charlotte goes.  After living in New York for two years, I arrived in Charlotte less than satisfied with the pizza choices.  Portofinos comes CLOSE to having a perfect New York slice of pizza.  I say CLOSE because the cheese and sauce are deliciously tangy, with the perfect amount of spice and sharpness.  The crust is also delicious, and you can tell hand made.  The only reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars is because the crust is a bit thick. I think they could make it a bit thinner and truly have a winner.The atmosphere is casual and inviting, their pasta dishes are excellent and their house dressing is TO DIE for. It's a cross between a Thousand Island and a French dressing.If you're craving Italian, this place won't let you down.
4	Why, hello Italian restaurant tucked away in a Harris Teeter shopping area. Come to find out, this place has been here a while and that the owners are from Italy. Who knew?!There's a nice sized patio and a pretty spacious interior (you would have no idea by looking at it from the exterior). It's a warm atmosphere. The entrees are of large portion! The lasagna was tasty and the salmon salad was very good! The service was friendly and attentive! I hear that their pizza is really good...I'll save that for next time.I plan on returning to try the other tasty dishes!
5	We found Portofinos a few months ago and have been back many times since.  The food is delicious, the service is wonderful with knowledgeable servers who can help point you in the right direction if you are caught in that enviable position where you can't decide between the three items on the menu that sound incredible.  The music is just right and the cold, crunchy salad and the warm bread just give you an idea of the wonderful things to come.  The chicken parm is out of this world and is a steady favorite for me while my wife tries something different each time all with the same end result that Portofino's on Park Road in one of our favorite restaurants in Charlotte.
5	we've been to portofino's for takeout at least 20 times over the years but finally decided to have a date night w/ the kids across the shopping center at an arts/crafts playdate... first time i've ever written the word playdate (sigh). to the point, we just ordered apps and wine - the antipasti was generous and fresh. the house dressing was phenomenal! my mussels marinara were equally as great - i've had these before but they've never been this good. the wines - as suggested by our server - were on point and matched our meals fantastically. thank you to portofino's for a great meal - we will be back.
5	Its in the Harris Teeter Parking Lot . Lots of Parking. Great "Real" Italian Food.  Dinner was Excellent. Server made the Evening. Rolls were perfect.  Pasta that melted in your mouth. This is great for Families and Date Night. Do get there early it fills up fast.  Has Outdoor Patio as well
5	After hearing good things about Portofinos for a while, I finally went last night with a group of friends.  Luckily, we went family-style, so we ordered a number of items from the menu - all amazing.  From the get-go, we were super hungry, so we ordered the Fiorentina pizza for an appetizer while we contemplated the rest of the (huge) menu.  I guess I didn't realize just how large 16" is (there's a joke in there somewhere), but I was surprised by how big the pie was when it came out; the 6 of us dug in.  The flavor was a perfect meld of hot, cheesey, pesto-y goodness.  We then also ordered the chicken parmigiana, pasta sorrento, and pasta alla panna.  I know a lot of other Yelpers have said the chicken parm was their favorite, and while it was very good, I think the other dishes were incredible.  The pasta sauces were light but packed immense flavor and left me wanting 2nd servings, even though I was stuffed.  And we got the house white (pinot grigio) and house red (pinot noir), which were both very drinkable for $25.  The location (strip mall behind the Harris Teeter) leaves something to be desired, but once inside, you feel the love and atmosphere of Italy.  Our waitstaff was very attentive, and our server did an amazing job of splitting checks (no easy feat with bottles of wine, one pregnant lady, and someone else ordering a healthy salad on their own).  I can't wait to go back!
3	Food was good, not phenomenal. Service was good. Very clean. Overall enjoyed the experience.
4	Best Italian in the area. They are not cheap, but not over the top either. They always have good specials if you are tired of their regular menu. Great atmosphere and service. Friendly bar to wait at if they are busy, and they are ALWAYS busy!
2	You know how after you eat something not very good--you're angry you wasted calories?  I'm very sorry to say my husband and I both felt that way after tonight's take-out from Portofino's. Let me preface this review by saying...I RARELY give 2 stars.  I always feel if it's a locally owned establishment, it deserves a few tries. But unfortunately, just based on food alone, this dinner deserved the low rating. The restaurant had a 45 minute wait on a Friday night, so we got a large Margherita pizza and some chicken parmesan to go.  We tore into the paper bags and the pizza box, and to our surprise...the pizza had completely MELTED.  We hadn't tipped the box or shifted it in-transit at all.  It was flat and pretty still sitting on the floor of the car.Cheese was everywhere. Oil was seeping from the box.Not just a little oil seepage, but the Exxon-Valdez had just spilled and permeated the box.  That takes a heck-uv-a lot of oil to penetrate a thick corrugated pizza box. I was starving, and ate two of the massive slices.  They weren't bad...I mean the flavor was there (this is not really all that authentic tasting...since there was no fresh mozz on the pie at all) but again, my mouth was coated in grease after each bite, and honestly, had I not been so hungry, I would have thrown it all away. Actually, after that, we threw everything away. As for the chicken parm, we were underwhelmed.  It was forgettable.  No distinct flavor, just the standard chicken parm. The breadstick that was just leftover dough, twisted into a shape and baked.  It could have passed for a bloated pizza crust. I could knock on it..like knock-knock-breadstick...The salad, was equally as weak.  Romaine lettuce, red onion rings, shredded carrots, green olives...there was nothing special about this salad.  In fact, it was a bit wet as if someone didn't spin the salad spinner long enough after washing.  The dressing one Yelper called "amazing"-- was a creamy orange nothing.  It added nothing to the salad. GAHH!  I'm so mad at this meal...just writing about it makes me frustrated! The price, over $30 with tax...and frankly, after I told my co-workers, two of them said "Why did you go there?"--one guy said the pizza was made from a pre-formed pizza shell.  (Not sure if this is true...) Another woman told me, for the money, you could get TWO pizzas at another joint 5 minutes away. Sigh.  I'd like to be fair and try this place again...but after the oil slick in my stomach right now, I think I'd rather not.
5	The best Italian in charlotte! Their house dressing is good, but their lasagna is to die for!!!!!!
5	The restaurant is staffed by attentive servers who treat you like family. The food is the best Italian I've had since visiting Italy 6 years ago, and the environment is family-friendly and welcoming. We'll be regulars at Portofino's!
5	Love this place! Wonderful food and outdoor seating! House dressing is to die for and I don't think you can go wrong with any of the dishes!
4	I was crushed when Portofino's in Mooresville closed down, because when I was working in the area, it was my definite go to spot for lunch.  I was out & about today in the South Park area & just had to get my cheesesteak fix...& at the lunch price, no less!I called my order in at 1:15 & was told it would be 15 minutes. I was at South Park Mall, when I called the order in, so I wasn't too far away. When I arrived at little before 1:30, my order was waiting for me. The restaurant was still a bit busy with the lunch crowd.  I headed on to the back of the restaurant to pick up my order. It was neat to see a familiar face in one of the waiters. He had worked at the Mooresville location & of course remembered me as being a regular. :) The man who rang my order up was very friendly.  And of course, again, I was happy about receiving a seven-inch cheesesteak & a bag of Lay's plain chips for less than $7. The restaurant is a decent size & as Jeff S. pointed out, it's "done up" in Italian style, as you would expect.  They do have a separate bar area, that's set off from the main dining area.When I got back to the house about 20 minutes later, the sandwich was still hot, thanks to being wrapped in aluminum foil. As hungry as I was, it didn't take much time for me to devour it.  Ohhhhh, it tasted just as good as I remembered! Thin, chopped up steak, with melted cheesy yumminess, & nice sized mushrooms.I'll definitely be back...
5	Yeah, their pizza is pretty friggin' good.Came here after a round of golf and it was the best food ever.  Shared a large margherita(sp?) pizza and it was cooked to perfection.  Mozarella was melted evenly and tasted very good.  The tomato slices on top were not too thick nor too thin.  Bartender was attentive and made sure to refill our drinks. Place looked busy and understandably so.  I'm sleepy--hopefully I dream of this place!dmo out.
3	1) Big portions2) Nice wine selection3) Good service4) Tasty food5) friendly family style foodI have eaten all over Italy and this place wasn't close as someone else commented.  It's tasty, but a little bland.  NYC has better.I had sausage and peppers as well as a few apps.  The seafood special was massive.  My coworker got it and it had swordfish, shrimp, mussels and clams over a half pound of linguini. He couldn't finish it.
3	Nice place.  I've been twice, and the food is always good. The atmosphere is nice, too.  However, this time, there were supplies all over the place, as if they ran out of room or something.  I stared at two spray bottles of cleaner on the half-wall beside our table the entire time.  Kinda weird.The italian dishes are great, and they always have a few specials that are not Italian (steak, fish, etc.).  The prices are reasonable, too.  Their wine selection isn't the best, but it's not awful, and they're not marking the wine up 400% like most restaurants, either.The few times per year that I'm in the mood for Italian, Portofino's will definitely be in my top two choices.
4	One of those places I have to eat at every once in a while.  I've had a few different items on the menu and sampled a few of my wife's selections over the years, and everything has been phenomenal.  Easily one of the best Italian restaurants in Charlotte, the service is always above average and the food is appropriately priced.I personally recommend. - If you get salad, the only way to go is their house dressing.- Stromboli, it's huge, it's meaty, and it's cheesy, what else do you want?- Nothing washes down a nice Italian dinner better than a glass of Chianti. So have two.
4	I must say, we found this place last minute, and I'm glad we did. The location was very nice looking, in a fancy Harris Teeter anchored shopping center.  There were a lot of people there and that really added to the atmosphere.Our server was awesome.  He was a super nice guy, had the authentic Italian accent, and was on it all night.We began our meal with plenty of delicious wine, alongside a a plate of fried calamari.  It was a little bit undercooked and under seasoned for me. I opted for the special, the surf n turf.  The lobster tail was cooked perfectly.  It was so so good.  I haven't had that good of lobster in a long time.  It came with a ribeye steak, which was cooked great also.  The only down side for me was that it was probably only a 1/2 inch steak.  When I get a steak, I want thickness.  It's the only way to get that beautiful chargrilled outside with that perfect pink inside.I would definitely recommend this one to friends.  My one caveat was the drive, so next go around I think I'm definitely going to have to check out the original location, off of eastway.  Originals are always the best.  Am I right?
3	Portofino's is a nice neighborhood chain Italian restaurant that offers a consistent experience, but nothing sticks out as spectacular. It was pretty busy when we came in, but service was still fast and friendly. The margherita pizza was just okay, too much sauce and not crispy enough. The gorgonzola tortellini though was pretty good. Super cheesy in the typical Italian fashion. On the plus side we did have some leftovers for the day after. Just okay, I may or may not visit again.
4	How can something so simple be so GOOD?  Basic New York style pizza, love the thin crust, flavorful sauce and perfect amount of cheese.  Pasta dishes are fresh and delicious as well.  Service is good and prices reasonable.
5	Best Pizza in town!  Everything is really great.  Portions are HUGE...good to split or have great leftovers.  The house dressing is totally addictive.
4	Great food, fair prices.
4	There aren't many Italian restraurants that I have been to in the area, probably because when I get a craving I always come here. The food and service are good, the portion sizes are large and the prices are fair. I usually order a seafood pasta dish but dinning with friends I have never heard a complaint about any of their dishes.
5	Went to Portofino's for lunch with a few coworkers and we all enjoyed our meals and experience!We got there at about 11:45 and I'm glad we did, because as we were leaving there was a line out the door... That must say something for this restaurant!The sever was really quick to get our drink order and to take our meal order once she brought our drinks.  She told us about three lunch specials that all sounded delicious but I decided to order off the menu.  I ordered a side salad to start out with Witt he house dressing and the shrimp scampi for my meal.  One of my coworkers ordered the chicken and vegetable lasagne that was one of the lunch specials and my other co- worker ordered the linguine pasta with arrabbiata sauce.  Our side salads were delicious and very fresh!  I loved that they put green olives on the salad...different but good (if you like olives)!  The house dressing is really good and tastes even better with the warm bread they bring with your meal!The shrimp scampi was probably some of the best I've ever had!  I chose the linguine as my pasta choice and it was perfectly al dente!  The shrimp were huge and fresh!  I could only eat half my meal and it was still good the next day reheated!  My coworker offered me a bite of his lasagna...now I see what everyone was talking about in the previous reviews!  Amazing!  It must be on special a lot and I could see why!  My other coworker enjoyed his dish as well (he ate it too fast for me to swipe a bite)!All in all I love Portofino's and can't wait to go back again!!
3	On my hunt for a good slice of New York style pizza, I decided to check out Portofino's for lunch, hearing they offer pizza by the slice on the lunch menu. Unfortunately I wasn't too impressed. I ordered a slice with chicken, green peppers and onions w/ a side salad. The salad was ok, nothing too exciting. As for the slice of pizza, it appeared to be a slice from a large cheese pizza with my toppings just added. They were cooked, but not heated through and didn't melt into the cheese like it should have, :-(.  Overall, the service was slow and the meal, just okay. I would like to give dinner a try, as other helpers have giving Portofino's good reviews. Once I do, I hope to update with a better rating, but for now, it was just ok.
2	Walked away disappointed. Thought I was going to get the whole Italian experience but yet it's that "New York" Italian kinda place. I have discovered I don't like NY style pizza- crust on pizza should be crisp & I hold it's shape- chewy doughy crust is gross in my humble opinion- but thats just the southern in me.Anyway onto the experience:3 stars- Were immediately greeted. the restaurant is nicely decorated although I felt teh entrance was to cluttered and a little boxed in. teh girl who seated us had a half smile and although was very nice and seated us in a decent place she just didnt seem geniunely pleased to be there.2 stars- Our waitress came right over and greeted us and let us know she would be right back to get our drink order. When she came and we all ordered water with lemon she seemed a little irritated that we did not order something charge worthy. 3 stars- We pondered over the menu trying to deciede if we were all going to get a pizza or order entrees. So while ponderig some more we order the Calamari- I am a huge fan of calamari and have eaten it in every place that offers it. Next she brings the bread basket and plates. there is no traditional oil and vinegar on the table so we asked for it. but discovered later that there was little butters in the bottom of the basket- nice to know once we almost finshed the bread.2 stars- calamari comes and is enough for 2 but not 3 people. the breading was light and very bland! no seasoning AT ALL. the ring parts were super chewy! either old or previously frozen or maybe just over cooked. we added lemon to it that didnt help enough but adding salt did help a littlebit. the marinara itself was just fine- although olvies gross me out andi have a huge tomato end piece that was a little green. i also added a bit of red pepper flakes to the marinara which seemed to improve it! and I ate it on my bread so the marinara gets 3 stars!3 stars- we ordered the montese pizza. now ive had proscuitto before but there was just something strange about this. it was sour tasting and EXTREMELY salty and very tough. i dont kno if it was the brand or not sliced thin enough or maybe have 3 slices together on each pizza slice or maybe every being baked made it so unappetizing. i only ate one piece of pizza. the 3 stars is only because hubby and daughter liked it ok, but were not jazzed about it.overall experience is a 3 i guess. lets just say I was so hoping for the authentic flavors I would get when at my Italian (not a NEW YORK ONE but the real deal who barely spoke English and was here from Naples Italy about 2 years before opening his on place) brother in laws restaurant back in the 90's near my hometown.dont know if we will return but definately wont get the pizza next time
5	I eat here way too often but that is not a bad thing. Portofino's is one of my Charlotte favorites...probably top 5. It's not the fanciest restaurant but the perfect neighborhood restaurant. Great for when the family comes to town or just Wednesday night take out.  Very hard to go wrong as everything I have tried (and I've been more than 80 times) is  consistently good and large enough portions that my wife and I always split the entree. Our go to is Chicken Sorrento, angel hair pasta and an extra side salad with house dressing on both. Let me say a few words about the house dressing. I look for foods to put that dressing on it is sooo good. It's a creamy, tomato, garlic of some variety. Perfect for salad dressing or just dunking the homemade bread in. Other favorites are the lasagna, the Chicken Portofino, the Chicken Parmesan, grilled Chicken Salad, the tomatoes with fresh mozzarella.  They also have a special house wine, Portofino Ripasso. Of the 80 plus times we've eaten Portofino's, 85% have been take out orders mainly because we live so close but also because the food tastes just as good at home as in the restaurant.  Love this place!
4	Best home cooked Italian joint in NC so far.  Their special was awesome!  I wanted to get the Shrimp Scampi, but they had a special with shrimp and scallops and I couldn't so no.  Glad I didn't.  Absolutely the best thing ever.  Give this place a  try!
5	I had been craving Italian for a while and we randomly found this place.  I was so happy when we did - it was exactly what I was missing from the Italian restaurant in NY.  We got fried calamari for an app., which came with plenty of food and the marinara sauce it came with was out of this world!  I got chicken parm for my entree.  It was perfect and it came with a side of spaghetti with their delicious sauce.The service was great and the prices for the quality of food was perfect!!
5	I eat here almost every week with a group of friends. The staff is awesome and the food is fantastic.If you like fresh fish this is one of the best places in town!Very kid friendly too.I must mention the pizza...if you like NYC style pizza give this pace a try you won't regret it.
4	(More like a 3.5, but I'll round up because it is a nice place with friendly staff).  I arrived on a bleh Friday around 11:15 for an early lunch with a girlfriend.  Located on Park Rd near Tyvola/Fairview, the small shopping center also includes a Harris Teeter, 1900 Mexican Grill and Dragonfly chinese, parking is ample and well lit.  The friendly and smiling hostess promptly sat me - there was only 1 other table seated and the wait staff was meandering about, cleaning and straightening up with busy work.  My drink order was taken, my 2 lovely lunch dates arrived shortly thereafter, so we were ready for lunch.  Waitstaff was friendly and efficient.  Drinks were kept filled.  A basket of tasty warm bread was brought to the table.  My order of a small white pizza came out (their small is pretty darn big - it's a 6 slice pizza, about the size of a chain restaurant's medium), and it was a thin crust white pizza, just as ordered.  The cheese had a good flavor to it.  The pizza is a thinner crust that I would have preferred to be a bit crisper, but it was fine.  My lunch date got a pasta dish that came out steaming hot, she had no complaints.  And her toddler nibbled on a little bit of a cheese pizza (no kids menu?).It was a good lunch.  My total for the small white pizza and a soda came out to a little less than $11.  I work down Tyvola and was able to get there, eat lunch and be back at work in an hour-ish, so it was a good workday spot for me.  Friendly staff, solid food.
4	My wife and I came here based on Yelp reviews. We recently moved here from NJ and are always on the lookout for good Italian food. We started with the calamari, which was large enough for 2. It was average for calamari but the marinara that accompanied it was fantastic.My wife also had the crab bisque soup which she said was outstanding.For the main course my wife had spaghetti with clam sauce and I had eggplant parmesan. Both dishes were plentiful and delicious and we ended up taking half of each home for the next day.Overall an excellent experience. Plan on a wait when arriving as they are often crowded, another sign of good food.We can't wait to return to try other dishes.
1	Bad food for the price.  Specials suggested by our waiter were really bad.  Place and wine was ok.  I'm disgusted with the food they serve at this place.  I think the Restaurant Impossible should visit this place and fire the chef.
4	Portofino's really hit the spot last night. I was craving some good italian, and not just pizza.Don't be fooled by the shopping center, the place is quite spacious and they have a lovely patio. After some wine and chatting at a friend's house, we headed over to Portofino's for a late dinner. It was perfect, because when we got there, there was no wait and the weather was perfect for dinner on the patio (although it was a bit dark, they could use a couple more patio lights).Our server was friendly and attentive. He gave us some time to look over the menus and didn't rush us. The menu is pretty diverse, with all kinds of options, and I definitely had trouble narrowing it down (I knew I wanted pasta, but wasn't sure what kind of sauce, all the choices looked great!). I finally just asked him for a recommendation, and he recommended the bascaiola. It sounded great and I couldn't make up my mind, so I ran with that (on top of penne). The restaurant was also super accommodating to my friend who is gluten free, and made her a special risotto (the special of the day was a veal risotto and she didn't want veal, so they took their chicken sorrento and subbed risotto for capelleni). Our meals came with bread basket and salad. The salad was basic, and was the perfect size for a starter (a tad too many carrots). The bread was warm and crusty. My pasta was delicious; the sauce had great flavor, there was a ton of prosciutto and peas, and the serving was huge. I actually just ate some of the leftovers for lunch, and it was still just as good the next day!I'm definitely adding Portofino's to my go-to list.
4	Arboretum location.  Had take out, baked ziti, chicken parm.  Was good, but VERY SALTY!!   I can usually eat a big bowl of pasta/ziti but could hardly eat 1/3 of it.  Please lighten up on the salt.  thank you.  I don't think the Park Rd. location is as salty, I always liked the food there.
4	Portofino's is the kind of restaurant I can get behind. A small local chain with great food, equally great staff, and a warm and inviting atmosphere. I've ate there twice and both times were good experiences. Their food is hearty and filling and a notch above anything I could concoct in my kitchen. The chicken portofino has everything Italian food should in my opinion, alot of well seasoned tender meat, rich creamy sauce, and a huge helping with enough for leftovers. The shrimp parmigiana isn't quite as perfect, but I still enjoyed it and like that they use really fresh jumbo shrimp. Kudos for their tomato sauce too, some places have a tendency to make theirs overly sweet, but Portofino's keeps their sauce a little tangy, just as a tomato should taste.I feel that great service can make average food subconsciously taste better, but luckily the quality of their food and service shine through in both areas. Their staff is superbly friendly and they come by frequently to check on things. They clearly want you to have a great meal, and as you can probably tell by my review, I like Portofino's quite alot. Skip the 45 minute waits at Olive Garden and come here, you'll leave with a full belly and a smile on your face.
4	Having just moved to Charlotte, my husband and I knew that one of our first orders of business would be to find a solid family Italian restaurant. We both grew up in the Northeast, but have spent the past 4 years in Texas, and have really missed having a great standby Italian place.We arrived around 6:30 on a Tuesday and were promptly seated. After looking at the extensive menu for a  bit, we ordered the Hot Antipasto for 2, I selected the Chicken Parmesan and my husband picked the Veal Saltimbucca, both entrees came with a choice of capellini or soup and a house salad. We both selected the capellini and salad with house dressing (I'd read a few other Yelp reviews that said the house dressing is the way to go - it was great!) I'm not sure exactly how to describe the dressing - it came out looking like Thousand Island - but tasted more like a creamy Italian with basil and garlic.The Hot Antipasto arrived with 2 baked clams/clams casino, a generous pile of mussels, two delicious breaded shrimp, 2 stuffed mushrooms, and 2 eggplants rollatinis. The eggplant, shrimp and mussels were my favorite. The stuffed mushrooms weren't exactly what I was expected, just seemed to be mushrooms filled with ricotta cheese - but good nonetheless.The salads promptly followed the appetizer and we both enjoyed the house dressing, as well as the salad, which included green olives, cucumbers, carrots, red onion and lettuce.The entrees came out and were HUGE, my chicken was at least the size of my head. I don't eat veal so I can't comment on how the Veal Saltimbucca tasted, but "wow" and "tastes like home" were both uttered by my husband, so I think it was a big hit! I think Chicken Parm is a good dish to gauge an Italian restaurant from, and they did a great job. I think the chicken could have been a little thinner, but all in all it was a great meal, and it's always nice to leave with enough leftovers to make another meal out of it.We'll be back for sure! They have a lot of really interesting dishes that I look forward to trying.
4	We always come to Portofinos with my in-laws for celebratory dinners (birthdays and whatnot). This time we came to celebrate my father-in-laws 60th birthday. We had a group of 9 people set in the back of the first room. We ordered the bruschetta, calamari, and mozzarella sticks for appetizers. The mozzarella sticks were my favorite, but the calamari was very good. I didn't get a chance to try the bruschetta, but it looked good. We also got bread that was served with butter, and if you ask they can give you olive oil and vinegar. We were stuffed before our salads even came out. Luckily I got mine to go. I ordered the Gorgonzola tortellini with chicken and added mushrooms. It was delicious! It was the first time I had ordered it, and I loved every minute of it. We at the rest the following night and it was just as good reheated, which is a big plus in my book. My husband had a few remarks he wanted me to add to this review so the following is from him. His entree came with olives and he asked if they could be removed because he's not a fan of olives. When his salad came, he remembered he forgot to say no olives, which it typically comes with. Knowing that he did not want olives on his entree, the cooks took the olives off of his salad as well. HUGE WIN for the kitchen. He ordered the trout special for his dinner. He was not a fan. The trout was breaded with marinara sauce on it. Not really his style, he thought it would have come pan fried with no breading and maybe a light butter sauce. Lesson learned, ask about cooking styles before ordering the special.
4	We went to the location at Arboretum on Friday at around 8:00. We were able to walk right in and get a seat. There were a lot of choices on the menu. We tried a tomato garlic salad dressing upon our waiter's suggestion and it was pretty good. We also tried the house Italian dressing which I found to have a distinct olive flavor to it which I didn't care much for - I don't like olives but usually this is not a problem with other dressings. We got hot bread included which was good - it was soft - very much like a Pillsbury french bread roll. For the entrees I got the Pasta Sorrento and he got the Veal Parmigiana. I liked my dish - he loved his. The portions were large - we both had about half of our food leftover. Overall, the service was very good and the food was good. I would not say that this is my favorite Italian restaurant but it I did like it.
4	Wow wow wow! Portofino's has killer Italian food.  I dug into the Chicken Tarantino and was blown away.  One of the biggest portions of food I have ever seen. Tasty and prepared with fresh ingredients also the house salad / dressing was great.  Come prepared to split a dish or take some home for lunch tomorrow.  Our wait was a little long even though we called ahead but no worries, if the wait is long head over to the bar and have a glass or three of wine!I'll definitely be back - once I come out of this food coma...
5	Recently moved to Charlotte from NJ so I'd say my pizza knowledge is up there and this place nailed it!  The sauce, the cheese, and and timeliness all make it a "must do" for me.  I've tried several other places so far and nothing compares so I'll be going back.  It's always packed anyway so that says alot.Favorites so far:Pizza- Mushroom , well doneGrilled Salad - good, filling, great portionSoups are decentWeak spots:Bread
5	I do not eat Italian cuisine often, but I like seafood. After seeing a picture of the Zuppa di Pesce I made plans to come here. The Zuppa di Pesce is prepared with calamari, clams, mussels, shrimp and scungilli in a marinara sauce.I thought it was great! Dinner is served with bread and a house salad.I ordered a glass of Chardonnay, LaVis, Trentino-Alto Adige. I do not drink Chardonnay often, but this one was recommended by my server and I liked it.I would come here again!
5	I normally only get take out from here (which is always good!) but man was I pleasantly surprised when we actually went in to sit down and eat. We called ahead to put our name on the list since it seems to always be a popular choice, and ended up only waiting 10 minutes. Soooo... we got a glass of the Cabernet the bartender suggested- DELICIOUS!For appetizers, we ordered the roasted red peppers and mozzarella and the "appetizer for 2" to share. A lot of food but full of flavor! I may add that their calamari is always a winner but we had to try something different for once :-) For our entree, we split the chicken cacciatore that was served with a white wine sauce. Not sure if I'm wrong here, but I normally make this with a red wine marinara sauce. However, the sauce was absolutely delicious!!! A lot lighter than I typically expect but really good. (Even though we had to take majority of it home!)Definitely get the house creamy basil dressing! Cant get enough of it. I also want to add our server was really great. She was super patient with us taking a little extra time to order and splitting an entree. Also, I loved how attentive each and every staff member was to not only our table but each table individually. Authentic food. Wonderfully sweet staff. And great family/date atmosphere! Great job Portofinos :-)
4	This is my go-to neighborhood joint for solid Italian food when I'm in Charlotte. The pizza is good and the pasta dishes are delicious and reliable, especially the basics like spaghetti and meat sauce and the chicken Parmesan. Take out or dine in, you won't be disappointed.
4	I needed to update my review to give Portofino every one of the 4 stars that they deserve after a delicious dinner I had the other night - YUM!The food:Complimentary bread:  It's bread - can you make a meal out of bread and butter?  I totally can - and we easily ate 2 of the smallish loaves of the warm bread.  Served with butter (in the bottom of the container that it is served in), but is also good dipped in whatever marinara, alfredo, etc. that you have with your meal.  Crunchy on the outside, soft and carby on the inside.Mozzarella sticks:  Nothing fancy or unusual.  The crunchy coating was mildly seasoned, they were dusted with parmesan cheese and served with a cup of the marinara.  Everything blended well and was quite good.Salad:  I had them leave off the onions and green olives (then picked the tomatoes off myself).  Fresh ingredients served with a creamy blue cheese dressing.  The other reviews stated how delicious the house dressing is - I may try that on my next visit (and there will be a next visit!).Boscaiola - prosciutto and peas in a pink sauce served on your choice of pasta (I chose cappellini).  HUGE serving, that was brought to the table smoking hot - DELICIOUS!  I had enough for dinner that night, and dinner the next night.  It reheated beautifully, though was definitely better fresh.Limoncello cake - light layers of cake with a whipped frosting, with a definite lemon flavor.  It was a nice sweet finish to a delicious meal.The wait staff was wonderful - drinks were kept filled, multiple loaves of fresh/hot bread were brought, everyone was smiling and friendly, and they let me and Candyce sit there for 3 1/2 hours yapping away.  What a wonderful evening!
5	This is my first dine-in experience as I've only picked up pizza before. I arrived at 6:15 on a Thursday and possibly got the last table. However it was near the front door do it was chilly and I had to wear my coat the entire time.My waitress recommended a nice cab blend to start. After reading other posts on here, I already knew I wanted the zuppa de pesce entree. First she brought me bread. It was warm but not great. But I ate more than I should. A house salad came with my meal which was perfectly sized and had nice flavor. The house dressing, a creamy tomato-basil dressing, was delicious!My meal arrived and my eyes about popped out of my head! It was HUGE and loaded with seafood! Overall it was a somewhat healthy meal as it had a marinara sauce and linguine with even more seafood! Needless to say, I brought home a box and hope it'll be half as good reheated! I'm do glad I ventured out on this crappy night to try Portofinos! I'll definitely be back! (And the pizza I've previously gotten was tasty too!)
5	Visiting from NY and these reviews made me want to try this place. Glad I did! Went on a Sunday evening around 7:30-8pm. Got seated right away. Our waiter was very polite and courteous (actually, I've noticed EVERYONE in Charlotte is so friendly and polite compared to NYers!). The food was GREAT with big pasta portions and the pricing is very fair. Would definitely go again if I ever came back to Charlotte.
5	Last night after driving 4 hours with a 1 yr old. Then dinner, her & I both agree the chicken sorrento was absolutely fabulous. The serving size is perfect, enough to fill up up & then some to marinate over night for the next day. I can hardly wait. And my wife equally enjoyed her dinner, but I can't remember what she got & I'm not going to wake her up to ask. ; )
3	Every now and then I just have to go gnab a big plate full of mollusks. The "Scungilli and Calamari" entree (evidently scungilli is Italian for conch) certainly delivers on that front. In addition to the plate reaching approximately to the South Carolina border, the pasta was utterly swamped in calamari rings and conch strips. I am pretty sure an entire reef's inventory of squid went into this dish. I certainly can't ding Portofino for skimping on the portions.While I enjoyed the calamari, I was disappointed to discover that the conch was really rubbery and almost challenging to get through it all. Even though I just ate here last night, I really can't recall anything about the sauce, which tells you a lot about how interesting it must have been. Also, the salad went for the "Titanic" approach by seemingly having crashed into an entire head of Iceberg lettuce.Nothing too exciting here, but Portofino is a nice little neighborhood Italian hangout where you can grab an enormous mound of decent pasta on the cheaps.
3	The points on my other reviews are still valid, with some additional comments after bad wait service last week and then again tonight by the same guy.  EVERY other person who has waited on me (I have gone once or twice a week for about 3 months now) has been an absolute delight.  Those tasked with keeping drinks filled, plates cleared, boxes brought, etc. have been friendly and efficient.Last week for lunch we were rushed through our meal, with terse service.  Lunch is a busy time for them, and usually people are on a 1-hour time constraint, so I just let that pass, though I was a bit annoyed at the time.  If I am still chewing my last bite of food, you don't have to snatch the plate out from under me and replace it with a bill.  Tonight was the exact same deal.  Without the TL; DR version, when I arrived to an empty restaurant at 5:15, well ahead of my dining companion, he started in on me about who I was expecting, when would they be there, how far were they coming from.  I was the only table seated until 5:45, and the restaurant, over the course of the evening, was never more than 50% full, with the 3 tables around us never being seated at all.  If the restaurant had been busy and he needed to turn the table, we would have moved it along, but there was hardly anyone there (I don't camp out when a place is busy, if I do sit in a mostly empty restaurant, I usually tip to compensate - the only times I have been rushed at Portofino were with this waiter, the other young ladies that have waited on me have been terrific).  There were several other events throughout the evening, including him running over to the pack of staff to obviously comment on a question my dining companion had asked, but since I didn't want her to reach down his throat and turn him inside out, I let that slide.I had the lasagna, which I did not like at all.  I had been told by a few coworkers that it was awesome, but it was not the lasagna like I make at home or have enjoyed in other restaurants - the meat was more of a meat/cheese mixture that was almost a ricotta consistency that I didn't care for.  The portion was quite large, as most items are at Portofino, but I ate about 1/3 and then left the rest.  (Thank you to the nice hostess who chased me out the door to let me know that I had left the takeout box behind).Order the cheese steak (at lunch, they don't serve it for dinner), eat the basciaola (it has been quite good most of the times that I have gotten it), eat the bread, I wasn't a fan of the lasagna.  IF I return, I will definitely avoid being seated in this particular server's section.  I am pretty easy to get along with, in particular with people who will be touching my food, but my two experiences with him in the last week have definitely decreased my excitement for eating here.
2	Great food but the wait staff is off putting, our waitress  seemed  bored and not wanting to be their with a rushed attitude towards us. Unfortunately I was hopping this would be my go to neighborhood restaurant but scratch that idea.
4	It had been years since I had eaten at this location.  I have been to the one at Ayrsley a few times and it was just blah.  I decided to go back to this location and was glad I did.  The food was so much better and everyone working was very nice.  I ordered a gnocchi dish and while the gnocchi was definitely not made from scratch, the read meat sauce was delicious.  My friend had the baked ziti (which I usually get)  and loved it.  This location seems to have t together and will be the one I go to henceforth.  Lunch prices are pretty reasonable too.
3	I am overly nice to servers, typically over tip, and try to be polite even when I am not given proper service, as I know they are not paid a living wage and have to deal with "sauce on the side, substitute this, this isn't what I ordered, what's taking so long" day after day.  But I am done.  Love the cheese steaks and the pasta dishes, but I am so done with this location.  After returning again (because I love their cheese steaks and fries!) and asking the hostess to not seat me in the section being served by the waiter that I do not care for, the hostess told the waiter and we spent the rest of our lunch getting looked at around a corner by him.  There is an older gentleman on the wait staff that is wonderful, the younger women that have waited on me have been quite good, the 2 folks that are usually in charge of re-filling drinks and busing tables are terribly polite, and I have rarely had a drink go dry there, but ONE server has ruined this place for me.If I wanted to get nasty looks from people I don't care for, I would just eat lunch at my desk at work.  Done.
4	We get take out from Portofino's frequently. I really enjoy the tortellini gorgonzola, but all the  food is always excellent. The only issue is the guy taking phone orders. He's so abrupt and ready to get off the phone you feel like you won't get your food if you don't order properly, like the soup nazi.
5	LOVE this place! If you're looking for authentic Italian look no further. The pizza is awesome, cheesesteaks are great and the pasta is to die for. My favorite is Shrimp Fra Diavolo with a spicy pink sauce. I have been going since 2003 and have yet to be disappointed in any location.
4	Update #754 for me for this location - the dbag waiter is no longer at this location, so now I can go back to my weekly visits for CHEESE STEAKS and/or pasta.  HOORAY!
5	Best Italian food I have ever had. A neighbor of mine recommended this place and he didn't steer me wrong. The calamari to start was great. Their bread could be better but who wants to fill up on that! I ordered the chicken Gorgonzola and oh my gosh! The first bite in and I said wow! It was so delicious. My parents were delighted with their food as well. The service was prompt and we all left saying that was some of the best food we've had before. I highly recommend this place.
3	We've been regulars at this location for years. But lately, I feel that they've slacked on quality and flavor. The last few times we've eaten here, the food has been bland. Their pizza is still top notch and I love the bruschetta. However, the pasta dishes have been disappointing, with runny sauces and no seasoning. Even a little salt could've helped tonight!
4	This is the first time I have been to Portofinos and I had an excellent experience.  Our waitress was very attentive, giving suggestions on dishes for my vegetarian friend and also allowing us to change any dish to suit our needs.  The portions were huge and the food was delicious.
5	This is the best pizza in Charlotte,  hands down.  The pasta is awesome too. If you get a salad, the house dressing is very good.  Delicious!
4	I'm a fan! I live fairly close to this place and so far I've not been disappointed.
5	One of the very best Italian places in charlotte - highly recommend the pasta sorrento. Comes with salad so lots to wait for
4	In the mood for Italian, we found this little placed tucked in the back of a shopping center.  You know it is going to be good when the person walking out as you walk in say, "Boy that was yummy!"  It has a nice authentic feel and the service was very attentive.  The brushcetta was excellent and they even pronounced it correctly.  Baked pasta was so tasty.  The marinara sauce was homemade.  Short rib was so tender, the fork glided through the meat like Michael Phelps in the water.  The only negative was that it took forever to get the check.
2	I really wanted to give this place at least one more star but alas I cannot. My husband and i came here on a Friday night and it was really dead. We ordered fettuccine and baked ziti. The food was ok. Not exactly wonderful but not bad. It wasn't worth what we paid though. The server we had was also very rude. We were near the end of our meal and he stood at our table and waited for us to finish eating. Really? There were only 5 other people in the whole restaurant so it's not like he needed the table. Then as we were leaving no one of the 6 servers or hostess we passed said a word to us. No "thanks for coming in." Nothing. We will not be returning.
5	Update:  Chicken Marsala is excellent and if you want plenty to eat on the the calzone was very good.  Portafino is my go to Italian restaurant in the area.
4	We were given an exception when I booked a reservation for 5 on a Friday evening - normally they only take 6 or more. I asked for a red blend and was offering a fantastic Italian Cab Sauv/Sangiovese for a reasonable $6/glass. The place looks clean but I did see a fruit fly or two around my meal and table. Service was very fast (so fast my friend "complained" her food was TOO hot!) and attentive. I had the zuppi de pesce. I asked for no squid but it was still on my plate. Normally most place cannot cook squid well and it was confirmed here. Sliced with skin and rubbery with a too salty flavor that tells me not only was it old but overcooked. However the sauce was very tasty, pasta was al dente n the rest of the seafood cooked well - although the mussels were a little briny. I also got to try a chicken dish with an amazing white cream sauce prosciutto and I think peas. A little jealous I didn't get this dish! Did not visit the restrooms or the bar area. Four stars for the seafood snafu, but I'd go as high as 4.5
1	Headed to try this place for the first time tonight. Having moved from New Jersey, we've been looking for decent pizza. We headed in at 6:45 on a Friday evening and were seated immediately on the outdoor patio. There were three servers working the outdoor patio, all of who made eye contact with me and my husband. But after 15 minutes, not one of them had come by to check on us, bring us water, or take a drink order. Finally we just for up to leave. I can't rate the food because we couldn't get any service to take an order. But the service was atrocious. Worse I've experienced in Charlotte.
4	The casual atmosphere was great. The was very fresh. Side salad with house dressing and hot fresh Italian bread was wonderful. The entrees were Shrimp Scampi and Chicken Sorrento. fresh shrimp and tomatoes, angel hair pasta. Reminded us of the same quality food we had while in Italy. Rated it a four because my wife likes her tomatoes chopped a little smaller. Other than that it is a 5. Friendly staff and very attentive. Price was very good. $40.71 for the two entrees with salad and one glass of wine. Very reasonable price.
4	Delicious Italian food. Great pizzas and good tortellini Alfredo! Family atmosphere and good wait staff.
1	Sister in law loves this place.  Had a bad experience the first time so we tried it again.  This time the Chicken was very tough and stringy and tasted bitter.  Felt nausea after eating just a piece it and sent it back.
5	Great Charlotte place to bring out of town guests.My life long friend from California comes to NC once a year and looks forward to our dinner at Carmine's. The food is good and plentiful (family style) and the atmosphere is real New york.
5	The best Italian in Charlotte.  Period.  I have been going there on Sunday night for 20 years.  The food, the people and the ambience cannot be replaced by any other restaurant I have ever frequented.
5	In town for one night and tried to find the best Italian food possible.  I found it!  Just back from Italy for a week and didn't notice a difference.  I wish I could give it 10 stars!  I'll be back every chance I get.
