3	Great views of the surrounding city, especially around sunrise or sunset.The visitor's center is nice, and tells a bit about the desert and various surrounding fauna.This is a bit of a hike, if you go more than 20 minutes.  If you're going during the day, don't let the beautiful desert deceive you -- that glowing orb above you (called the sun!) will kill you if you don't bring enough water and take enough breaks.
4	We started our hike from the Central/7th Ave. entrance.  This is quite a hike initially.  You will be out of breath if you're not a cardio master.  I've been working out 5 days a week for the past 6 months and I was huffing and puffing a bit.  I felt like a chump because I was having a rough time at first, but after the initial hill, it's not bad.  The views of Phoenix are beautiful, but like Dan E.'s review said......"Don't let the beautiful desert deceive you" it is toasty up there even on a beautiful 85 degree day like yesterday.  Always bring water!
5	Great spot for a quick after or before work hike.  The popular summit trail has 2 trailheads.  One is on 7th street just north of the main park entrance.  The parking here is usually impossible during peak hours.  I suggest going to the main entrance, taking the park loop north to the top of the hill and parking there.  That pavilion has more parking, a water fountain, and is easy to access.  There is also a park restroom just across the road.  I won't promise it will be clean or even open though.  Honestly, I have only used it once.... that was on the 4th of July, and it was only mildly offensive (as far as park toilets go) The summit trail is short steep hike with pavement the last 2/3 of the way.  I like to go up and back in the afternoon, after work.  Sometimes i just go for a run on the loop around the park.  There is also a back way to the summit. The trail for that is near the south end of the park behind the pavilion at the bottom of the hill.  That trail is very rough and easy to lose.  I suggest going up that side and down the main summit trail.
4	I'll have to agree with the other reviews of this delightful cardio challenge and always bring the water.Parking at the Central trailhead is easiest if you're there before 7am.  It's interesting that there will be a line of cars waiting for a parking spot to open up when the 7th St. trailhead has ample parking.The first of the 4 inclines is the most challenging, but it raises the heartrate & I can keep it elevated the rest of the climb that way.  The trail is frequently busy, and some hikers forget that up-hill has right of way, but the trail is wide enough that it usually isn't an issue.For an added challege, after I reach the summit, I decide the other side to the first "landing," and then have another steep incline back up before it's downhill all the way.  This is my favorite easy workout in this area.  Lookout mountain is also steep, but doesn't have the same challenge/distance.
4	The park is a  buzz of activity of all levels. On the trails you will see hikers, walkers,horseback riders,  bikers and dogs.  It 's a  great place to begin an outdoor activity. This is where I usually begin my mountain biking so that I have some time in the saddle before going out  on the trails with the big boys.  The park is conveniently located in the "middle" of town . It is easy to access from downtown , northwest and elsewhere. While the trails are not too much of a challenge for those used to say, climbing Camelback  or riding the trails of South Mountain, it is a great beginner level start for most. It is an access for Trail 100 , a much more challenging course for mountain bikers.
4	North Mountain Preserves Now that the cooler weather is here it's time to dust off the hiking boots and hit the trails. You can head in any direction in the valley and get to some great hiking spots. The North Mountain Preserve area is located south of Thunderbird from 19th Ave to Cave Creek Road and has numerous trails marked for any type of interest. Two of the trails I have successfully navigated are Shaw Butte (Trail 360) and North Mountain (Trail 44). Shaw Butte is a 4 mile trek with trail designation of multi-use, meaning bikers, runners and hikers share the path -- and are used by all. With various fitness and skill levels it makes it easy just to get out and enjoy. The view from the top is very impressive and the trail meanders around the peak to view the whole valley. On one hike I couldn't find parking at Shaw Butte, went around the corner and parked at North Mountain. This trail is shorter but steeper and is paved most of the way. This works a different set of muscles due to the incline. Give these hikes a whirl if you want to change your view of the valley.
4	my first hike! This was really a fun trail. It was hard for me, but Its my first hike ever so I have no others to compare it to.The trail was paved the entire way, so I had ample opportunities to stop and catch my breath.The views are fantastic..I made it to the top in about 35 min, with about 4 stops. I'm sure if your fit, you can get up there much quicker than me :)
4	Great spot for a BBQ with the family. This beautiful location overlooks much of Phoenix from its picnic table/base camp area.The covered tables and pre-fab BBQ pits and pavilions were great for a family BBQ. Tables area surrounding areas are kept pristine. The area has a play ground for little ones, bathrooms and running water.Several of the pavilions are available for reservations for larger groups and there appears to be an active tour and hiking program at the park.The park is open until 11 p.m. and looks like it has an active night walking group from our time there.
3	About 1.6 miles roundtrip from the Maricopa Ramada.  Pretty cool little climb, but then you end up on a road heading to the summit.  Near the top, you get to go offroad for a bit to the very top.  You can see 7th St go all the way downtown.Total time up and back was 50:12.  Pretty easy hike.  This was my third of four mountains, one Saturday in April.
4	Great little hike/walk on a paved road to the radio towers.  Steep enough to be a solid workout, if a little on the short side.  Not usually too crowded.  I dislike the descent because of the steepness, but the convenience of the hike (no crowds, not terribly time-consuming, etc) makes this my most frequent hike.  Nice views of most of Phoenix at different points along the trail.
3	The Phoenix area desert doesn't give the me kinds of choices I'd prefer to have for running or hiking with the dogs, but I make do with what's around.  Jek and Doog sure seem to love getting out there; they don't give a crap where.  (actually, they 'give a crap' just about anywhere but they prefer the grassy parks to the desert trails!)At North Mountain Park there are multiple parking and gathering areas and also a choice of the type of terrain you'd like to tackle:  +If you are coming from Dunlap from the south, and turn left off of 7th St into the parking area, then you'll find the ramadas for picnics and gatherings and the trailheads for some steep trails, and a few restrooms.  The incline on the summit trail is pretty steep, and narrow at times, and it will leave you breathing heavily even if you're a regular athlete.+If you come from Thunderbird from the north, and turn right into that parking area then you'll find a visitor center (I've never been inside of ) and some nicer restrooms.  The trails that lead away from this parking area are much wider and flatter, so are suited for more leisurely strolls and appeal to a much wider spectrum of age and fitness level.  They also work well if you want more of a cross country/long distance trek.  You can head west in a few directions, including one towards Shaw Butte, or head east under 7th St through a cool pipe tunnel (literally several degrees cooler than in the sun or even a tree shade) , past the MCSO (Sheriff Joke's) horse stables, and on towards Dreamy Draw Rec area.  No ramadas or grills here on this side, though.  There are plenty of children, dogs, horses, and bikes on these trails so watch out for each other, and if you are not familiar with the Right-of-Way flow check out the signs at the trailheads.There are guided hikes advertised at the trailheads, as well.  Park rangers or volunteers will lead small groups and educate about desert flora and fauna along the way.  Very cool for valley noobs or guests.Staying on trails is good advice for anyone, but if you bring a dog, WATCH OUT for lots of broken glass on the sides of the main path!!!  This seems to be worse up closer to the ramadas or visitor center, and lesser out further.  You'd think there'd be some sort of effort to clean it up every once in a while, but it seems ever-present.  If there's a volunteer crew I need to join up with to help, I just may have to do that, but I'd rather get a chance to give a piece of my mind to the punks who are creating the mess!Enjoy the desert; it's more beautiful than most give it credit for.  Just respect it and bring lots of water.
3	I enjoy hiking his mountain. It is a pretty easy hike. You can get a good workout if you jog up it and it only takes about 20 minutes.  The  views are lovely at the top.
4	I've hiked here a couple times this past month, and this is another good "in town" place for a quick hike.  I park in the large parking lot near the visitor's center (never too crowded) and take the trail that intersects with the paved trail to the towers.  The paved trail is pretty steep with little relief, but the view from the top is worth it.  I will have to look into some of the other trails for variety in the future.
4	North Mountain has a lot to do with why I live where I live. Moving to Phoenix from a much more urban environment (DC area), I wanted to live some place I could walk a lot. Of course, it had been a while since I had been to Phoenix in the summer - and forgot I would NOT want to have to walk in the heat of most months! Phoenix isn't especially pedestrian, probably mostly because of that heat. North Mountain is where I walk. It's centrally located and the North Mountain National Trail 44 is a short, steep, paved hike, excellent for daily exercise. (There's a little shade in the mornings and late afternoons, if only I could wake up early enough to make it up there before work during the summer!) The trail, which begins at the Maricopa picnic area, is 1.6 miles round trip and while most of it is paved, the part that isn't is challenging enough to keep it interesting. Along the way, you'll gain 650 feet in elevation, giving you plenty of time to get your heart rate up, depending on how hard you exert yourself. Walking still does it for me. Some people go up and down several times. The folks who run it amaze me. I don't even hope to ever be that fit! :) Along the way, you can catch a glimpse of the Cardinal's stadium waaaay out in the West Valley and at the summit (2,104 feet), you can enjoy a panoramic view of the entire Valley. Most people hike to the summit and return the way they came; however, the trail is actually a loop and there is much less traffic and a more rugged hiking experience if you continue south and complete the loop. I can't wait for it to cool off so I can get back at it! Maybe I'll try to set the alarm a little earlier and see if I can pull it off... Maybe.
4	For serious hiking or relaxing meditative strolls within the city of Phoenix, this is my preferred mountain park. Trails of  varying degrees of difficulty can be found here, from those with relatively steep portions for a good leg workout, to scenic, (mostly) no-incline trails that wind within the valley between the mountains and offer great Sonoran desert scenery and relative solitude.  I usually park at the visitor center area at 7th street near Thunderbird because that area never runs out of parking spaces, and you encounter less crowds in that part of the mountain park.
4	Trail 44 is my favorite trail, I try to jog up and down twice a week, and It's a strenuous workout rewarded by breath-taking views of our great city. The park as a whole is a jewel, and my only concern is the terribly small parking lot at the base of the trail. Which is why I usually park at the Hilton. But that's okay by me!
4	Good easy way to get outside and exercise in the same amount of time any normal person would spend at the gym. Great alternative for older folks who can't do Camelback. Get out there!
4	my friends who say there's nothing to do here don't know what they're talking about. this is one of the reasons why i love my country, yes any other day my very left leaning liberal self from high school would be rolling in my grave. but when i got here to bike with my friend, i was humbled and reminded of how beautiful it is here! i cannot wait to ride this trail again!
4	Hike #4 for 2010 was North Mountain Park.  Got there around 10:30am on a Sunday.  Sunny and wonderful weather!  We got a parking near Trail #44.  We hiked up trail #44, it was strenuous but we needed a little more so we went down the pavement and off to this little trail that led us to trail #101.  Cool!  It was a little declines/inclines and between two mountains.  The scenary was goregous!  We walked until we hit trail #100 and we took a left.  Walked and walked..  Watched people walk their dogs & people riding horses.  Neat!  We got to where the trail ended.  Hum?  Went off to trail #60 then.  Another strenuous hike and it was a circle.  Circled back to trail #100 and we back tracked all the way back.  3-1/2 hours later we were back at the car.  Man, my calves are SORE today!
4	Sometimes I want a tough hike.. lately because Im injured with a bad knee.. I need a hike.. just not a tough one.. Here you get that.. Alot of bikers.. sometimes not the best etiquette of bikers.. beware of that if you have your iPod on high..and alot dont clean up after their pups.. eewww how RUDE! BUT I love this park.. and this time of year its beautiful..
4	This is a fun hike in north Phoenix for just about anyone in the family young or old(even the dogs as well).  It's not to challenging and will only take about 20 minutes to reach the summit.  Still a nice workout, almost feels like you are on a stair stepper as you hike up a consistent incline on a wide paved trail.This mountain offers great views of the valley and is a nice alternative to Piestewa or Camelback mountains which can get very busy with hikers.  I recommend this hike for the person who wants to leisurely stroll up the mountain for spectacular Phoenix scenery or someone who wants a quick workout.
4	I am starting to really like North Mountain. Today I was even able to do trail # 44 twice which is huge for me considering that it's a steep incline pretty much the entire time but its a great cardio workout. I was trail #100 with some friends on Easter and that trail was pretty cool too. Actually there are quite a few trails that you could try at North Mountain so you should get bored. The views are amazing at the top of trail # 44. You can see the entire city and on a clear day, which is most days, you can see the Cardinal Stadium. Very nice indeed. All in all, a great workout, especially for someone like me who is doesn't want to join a gym just yet. Your legs, calves, and thighs will be sore later but your body will thank you for it!
4	Great place to get away from the city life and unwind. Beautiful, simple, casual. Great trails for everyone. Not exactly a strenuous hike, but if you jog it, you'll get a great work out. I'll be frequenting North Mountain Park often.
2	This was my first experience at North Mountain and it could have been better.  We recently relocated to Phoenix and decided to venture to North Mountain with our 2 dogs for a nice hike one evening.  Perhaps we didn't choose the best trailhead.  I'm definitely willing to go back and give it another shot since many other people in the area love it here.  We parked at the main entrance right off 7th at Peoria.  Having lived in the midwest for a while (and longing for mountains and open sky of the west) we were excited to have a potential hiking spot so nearby.    I'm not exactly sure what trail we were on but we headed north....north in to a sea of broken glass.  Broken glass everywhere!  I was amazed at how much there was and wondered where it all could have come from.  We had to be very careful navigating through it with our dogs.  However sparkly and shimmery the glass was in the setting sunlight, "plentiful shards of glass" is not something I look for in a good hike.  Now I will say that as we headed north it got much better.  Eventually we landed upon another trailhead.  After looking at a map we determined it was one off N Central.  I think next time we'll start from there and hopefully  can add another star or two to this review.
4	Great pIace for a short hike, wide trail, while strolling by many people.  It is amazing that you can gain some altitude and the view from the top is spectacular.I like to go the smaller parking lot on the North side - go S. from Thunderbird onto Central and take it until it end.
4	Good hike for kids!
5	I am in love with this mountain. I have a great time every time we go. It is a challenge and steep in the beginning but totally doable. Take some water, music, and camera. You have to take a pic of the city when you make it to the top!
4	I made it! Haha, barely. If you are new to hiking I definitely recommend North Mountain. It's a great place to start - I took my dog with me (not sure if that's allowed) but he and I both needed gradual climb to get us started.
4	North Mountain Park has a few different places to park and a number of different trails to hike. Although it is large, the park seems to get crowded, especially in the morning. I only got to hike up Shaw Butte thus far, but there are clearly plenty of trails to warrant more visits. The paths in this park are well-worn, which make it more convenient to navigate, but less natural. There are some excellent 360 views of Phoenix from atop the mountains, but you have to work to find them and not be afraid to leave the established path.
4	North Mountain? Where is that? Its north of the rest of them! Camelback gets all the press, South Mountain has the trails. North Mountain however has a visitor center! Seriously, its visitor center makes Camelback's port-a-potty look as ghetto as it is. It also has ample parking, take that Camelback you overrated Snottsdale bitch!North Mountain is really one of the nicest hikes I have done without leaving the valley. Its a great 2-3 hour hike that gets blood pumping, has some cool history and some excellent views. There are a few peaks to hit, some steep and challenging, some easy and beautiful. Along the way there are the ruins of an old restaurant that looks as though it'd have been a sweet hangout at one point, when horseback was a way to travel. As we got to the very top, there was a bearded old man with a headband meditating...we backed off to give him is peace. I belated realized that when you encounter the old man of the mountain you get to ask a question...ah well, he seemed pretty stoked that we didn't disturb him!
4	The initial hike to the paved portion of the trail is a bit strenuous. I'm sure a little pre hike stretching would have been good. I could have avoided the painful cramp a few feet up the incline; stupid me.  Once we hit the paved potion of the trail it was pretty steady. We continued to the side trail up to the radio towers had conversations about the city layout, identification of landmarks and the possibility of discovering a dead body. One of us thought the dead body discovery was a reality however, upon closer inspection found it to be nothing but a pile of boulders.  It was a good hike nonetheless.
4	I live at the foot of this mountain so it's more than convenient to step out of the house and onto the trail.  There is a paved road up to the towers for an easier hike. (Incline still does a job on  your calves!! LOVE THE BUR) There is also another route up and over to the tower, rockier and some scrambling.
4	I grew up hiking this mountain and my dad lived down the street. There are various trails, I have my favorite though. In the spring I go during the day and often see lots of gila monsters (at least I think that's what they are). In the summer I hike at night and it's so lovely and crisp in the winter. I really like this place. It's pretty, though it's a heck of a lot more crowded then it was 20 years ago.
5	There is a paved hiking trail off 7th st but the parking is minimal. If you go into North mountain park there is a dirt trail that leads to the path if you are able to hike up dirt. Kids go on it as well.
4	The parking can be a pain in the neck if you don't know your way around this place. But if you're looking for an uphill hike or uphill jog that is seriously steep, North Mountain will get your heart pumping hard!
3	I like this place! It's close to where I live and it's easy to park there on a Sunday morning at 9am.HOWEVER I do NOT like that it is SOOOO rocky... and I mean rocky not in the fun, boaldering and climbing way, but in the don't wear your barefoot-shoes or toe-shoes because your feet will be hurting and you'll be jumping all over the path. Once you're in the mountains though, it's very nice, and the path is what you would expect from mountain trails.  Dogs are allowed and the people who hike are nice!I would prefer South Mountain though, just because the trail to get to the cool trails is dirt and sand... which in my estimation is 69 billion times better than rocks in the road....
5	I like hiking here. once you get into the path and in the hills you can't hear the city traffic or noise and you only see nature around you. a nice escape from town that is only a short drive away.last weekend I parked at the 7th St. parking lot (plenty of parking at 9 am) and took the 306 trail up to Shaw Butte until it connected to the 100 trail and back to the 306 in a big ~4 mile loop. it was a lot of fun and not too crowded! the other hikers and bikers were also really helpful in giving directions because I had never hiked there before and wasn't sure where to go.
4	This is a good hiking park.  The trails are well maintained, that being said there is still a decent amount of ruggedness.  Trails are generally well marked, but we did miss one when we returning to our car.  I do wish people would clean up after their dog, there is a lot of crap on the trails and that detracts from some of the enjoyment.  Parking and facilities were pretty nice.  Went early on a Friday afternoon so there were not a lot of people.  Definitely better than Camelback.
3	A worthy trail if you have a stroller, a phobia of large rocks, or want to run up a mountain without shattering your anklesSince the road is paved, it's a super calf work out as compared with the rock climbing of Camelback.  The route is not too strenuous, a decent challenge for the unfit.  North Mountain Park lovers might disagree, but don't expect a great view next to the antenna.   On a weekend it can be super crowded like the mall escalator..  I entered from 7th street and Peoria, and went to the top.  This route has some rocks and quick elevation, but eventually connects to the paved road.  A so so work out, which will be erased after a massive post walk meal.  Door to Door: 1 hour Completely paved route starts at 11572 7th Street.
5	This is a great hiking area. Great views.  You get a good workout going up the mountain.  They also have picnic areas which are popular on the weekends.  They have a covered area with a water fountain.  In this area are also chipmunks and squirrels that will eat out of you hand.  They have 2 entrances, one on 7th st and Peoria and just a little north on 7th.  The 2nd parking area is very small and always full.  The one at Peoria has ample parking.  The start of the hike there though is very steep.  The other one has paved trails from the start.
4	I've hiked North Mountain several times including the national trail, Shaw Butte trail, and the loop nature walk. I think I liked the national trail the best because the payoff is great. The views are amazing. This mountain is semi difficult, but I really enjoy hiking here. The trails are busy but not TOO busy. I have never had difficulty finding parking. I will definitely hike here again!
5	GAmazing. Trail 44 was wonderful.
4	Very easy hike, highly recommended for beginners!!! Trail is paved and loops around the widely shaped mountain. Incredible views at night, the only complaint is the lack of better and closer parking, The parking adjacent to the mountain is limited to about eight spaces, with not so close parking near by! Other than that small bump, this mountain is great!!! :)
5	My friends and I enjoy hiking the trails. The views are beautiful! Sometimes you do have to wait for a parking spot but the trails aren't busy
3	We did the Shaw Butte Loop (#306) in a counterclockwise path.  It was about 4.5 miles total and took us an hour and twenty minutes.  The first 1.5 miles gives you a nice gain in elevation up to the towers.  You will get your heart rate up on this stretch.  There is a nice viewpoint at the top to take in the entire valley. After the towers you loop around to the west.  It is downhill for another 1.5 miles and the path is really rocky in parts- rocky enough that I was worried about twisting an ankle.  The path levels out on the southern end and  it is a mostly flat (aka boring) walk back to the car.This isn't a bad hike if you are in the area and don't want to drive too far.  There are, however, many better options in the greater Phoenix area.  I prefer South Mountain.
5	Got friends in town that like to hike? Take them for a hike up North Mountain National Trail # 44! It's a fun 30-40 minute uphill hike with stunning views at the top!Park at the Maricopa picnic area and hike up the south side of the mountain - the first leg gives you a fun & rugged 5 minute steep uphill hike. It gets easier after that, with a wide, tarmac path winding all the way up to the top of the mountain.There's several spots along the way where you can stop and take in the beautiful, panoramic views. It's great in the early morning when the sun is rising or at dusk when it's setting.If you've got energetic dogs, bring them along! It's a dog-friendly park and great exercise for them as well :)
4	The Short: Another Arizonan recreation area ideal for hiking, biking and horseback riding. The Pros:- Diverse trails that are perfect for almost all skill levels (except the most advanced).- Affordable $6 per vehicle entrance fee.- Camping options.- Play area for the kiddies. - Smooth inclines and properly maintained trails.The Cons:- Views often bland until backend of trails. - $6 per vehicle entrance fee (cause, you know, free is always better).- Increase in beverage dispensers would be nice.Interesting Fact:Park should be renamed Horse Poop Galore Recreation Area!!!
5	This is going to be on my rotation for hiking.  Of course, I have to bring someone with some sense of direction around because I have none.  I would be wondering in circles for days.  There are several trails, and even though I couldn't do the whole hike since I had the twins with me, we really enjoyed it.  On our way back, I felt we took a little longer, so I am sure we went a different way.  While waiting for the group to come back, I set up my kids and their friend in the car to watch a movie.  I was prepared with plenty of drinks, but they started requesting snacks.  Yikes, I didn't think of that, because we were meeting for lunch after.  I turned around and there was a sign "Snack Bar", SCORE.  I went inside the Visitor Center and the nice lady pointed to a table with goodies.  Not much to choose, but enough for a quick snack.  I bought a few packs of Goldfish and gummy fruits.  They were very helpful and friendly.  I got back to the car and the kids were happy and quiet, ahhh good times.
4	This is a decent easy breezy hike and mostly paved trail. Was able to hike toThe top and back in 30 mins. Great place for families or uphill marathon training.
4	Marisa's ROTD reminded me I was there for the group hike that day and never reviewed the park.  A few years earlier I had walked on some of the easier parts of the trails and thought it was cool to have a place to hike in the city.  This time I knew I was going up Shaw Butte and as I drove up from the West it seemed that this hill that I drive by on a regular basis had become bigger than life.  I started a bit before the rest of the group and got to the top just before some of the main group and took a bunch of pictures at the top and several others along the way.  The visitor center was clean and staffed by several nice folks that had advice on the trails and hiking the desert in general.  It is now summer and I think I just may wait until fall to make this hike again. ;)
4	For 2015, my pal Jose and I decided that while the weather's nice we were going to be more active. So, every Sunday we head up to North Mountain Park and hike for a couple hours. It's not only great light exercise, it's also allowed us to catch up on what's going on in each other's lives. Mostly he talks, because I'm lame and can only tell him about my Netflix addiction and "Pretty Little Liars" so many times.We enter off 7th Avenue and the terrain is very beginner level. Perhaps after a couple more weeks we can advance to the "bunny hill."
