4	I saw an online special for a $40 tune-up and decided my 8-year-old a/c unit could use it. They scheduled an appointment for the next day via email, which is great if you're like me and not a phone person. They did my tune up and recommended adding a pound of freon, which I took their advice on. They were done in 20 minutes and I was very pleased that they didn't try to sell me any other services or repairs, knowing that my unit was nearly a decade old and had never been serviced before. I will definitely call them again if I need maintenance.
5	On a HOT Sunday summer morning, I woke up to our AC blowing hot air. Causing major discomfort and inconvenience we immediately reached out to AC Doctors. They were able to give us a time slot for later in the day. Other companies we called didn't call us back or were closed. The serviceman who performed the job was friendly and quickly offered a company coupon to make the grand total for the job a little easier to manage. He was friendly and took the time to explain the issue. Even chatted with my roommates about other cooling tips. I am impressed with their professionalism and even more excited we were able to start cooling down within the same day.
5	Doug and his guys at the A/C Doctors has made our life comfortable once again. We have used them a few times, and it seem most times it is always in an "emergency". One night late as we were ending a party we realized the A/C wasn't working. It was 94 and rising in the house. We called the A/C doctors and they came over within 30 minutes. Turns out our A/C condenser hand frozen solid, like 2 inches of ice thick. They defrosted it, put in additional freon (it was low) and got things working again. The price was amazing for the service we received.Another time we had water draining into our house. This was from the A/C condensation pan. Apparently they weren't installed well originally. At first we thought it had been our in-house humidifier, turns out we were wrong. They didn't recommend replacing anything, but did install a safety shut off in case water got to high again it would shut it all off.Honest, On Time, Good Service, with a good price as well
5	Came home at 5 today to a 88 degree house. Since I've had numerous AC problems in the past, I was less than thrilled to have another. I immediately jumped on Yelp to find a local AC repair service in my area. And that's when I found AC Doctors.I called them up and immediately set an appointment for same day service. Frank and his assistant showed up at 745 and immediately diagnosed the problem. Some wiring outside had fried and needed to be replaced. An hour later, as I'm posting this review, my house is cooling and I'll be able to sleep comfortably tonight.Frank gave it to me straight and said that two components would need to eventually be replaced sometime in the near future. But he didn't try to sell me, or scare me into making a decision. He even emailed me a copy of the invoice with his recommendations in case I need to reference them in the future. If I have an AC issue again, I won't hesitate to call AC Doctors!
5	They were able to come out on a Sunday night. Eric was very knowledgeable, gave us a quote, and helped us deal with the home warranty company. I think we ended up paying a little more by not going with our home warrany's recommendation, but I trusted these guys a lot more and we're still cool!
5	I tried this company based on other reviews and was not disappointed. I got a prompt visit by knowledgeable technician who was very honest about the issue I had with my system, he did good work and charged a reasonable price. I'll be using this company from now on for all my HVAC needs. Definitely recommended.
5	Woke up several times last night feeling cold. I thought maybe it was just me. This morning I checked the thermostat and the indoor temp was cooler than the heater setting... The heat wasn't coming on. I did some troubleshooting after which I called a friend asking for an HVAC referral. Her brother in law highly recommended A/C Doctors, so I gave them a call. A few hours later 2 techs were at my door. They were both friendly & wearing company shirts, which is comforting when allowing strangers into your home. Pete (I believe that was the name of the lead tech) was super professional, seemed very motivated and happy to answer all my questions, and knew exactly where the system was having problems. He climbed into my attic and replaced/rewired a fuse very quickly. He explained everything he was doing and gave me no reason to question his integrity. I'll certainly be calling A/C Doctors for my future HVAC repairs!Thank you!
