1	Red alert. Red Alert. If you are looking for good mobile phone customer service, this is not the store. I'm changing my provider to Verizon or AT&T after the experience I had last night. Here's how it went down....I headed in around 6:30pm as my contract expired so I needed to upgrade my phone and sign on for two more years. When I entered, I noticed around eight employees out front and three in the back...so I thought to myself, this won't take long, there are a ton of people working. I signed in with the "receptionist" who told me the wait to buy a new phone would be 10 minutes. No biggie, I told her, I'll just go check out all the gadgets. Forty minutes later I was still waiting - and showing as third on the list for service. Now this wouldn't be a big deal if I wasn't watching the employees talk to each other and head into the back for long periods of time while customers were waiting out front. I literally timed two people between customers - one waited over 15 minutes before helping someone else and the second employee wasn't helping anyone when I left and it had been 20 minutes since his last customer. Needless to say, I left the store...but not before telling them to take me off the list so the poor people in line after me didn't have to wait even longer. I will not be back and have been researching other providers today.
1	Waited for 4 hours only to have multiple people  walk in the door and cut in front of us and tons of other people. After telling the service representative he did not seem to care and continued to help said customer. After informing the manager of our situation we still didn't receive any assistance nor did he seem to care either. Thank goodness this will be the only time we have to come to this sprint store. Avoid at all costs if possible. The employees they had on the floor were completely inadequate obviously due to the amount of time it took for them to handle a customer. What's the point of a waiting list if they are not going to even use it? This is a direct reflection of Sprint's customer service as a whole. The worst part is that this is the corporate store for the area. The other retailers or whatever they are called are much worse. The only thing that went as it should have was when my wife and I finally made it to the desk with a representative. She was very helpful and knowledgeable. She was the one that should have been manager. At least crew lead or something of the sort.
1	Came into the store to switch providers, waited 2 hours still haven't gotten any service. We were jumped in line and told the employees but they didn't care or try to service us. Told the manager and he didn't didn't do anything but shrug it off. They have a list out front for "who's next" but are not going in order. Please avoid this place. This is the second sprint I have been to today where we've been jumped in line and employees didn't address the issue. Even though we've waited for hours. If I could do all my service online and about the stores, it would be fantastic.
