4	I like this place - its really a mini music venue rather than a bar or pub. It has a reputation for its folk music acts, and generally they are usually very good.The bar itself isnt that big, but it can hold a lot of people when it needs to - even though it can feel a bit cramped. The decor is 'old man traditional pub', but this suits the pubs atmosphere, so its no bad thing. There are plenty of drinks available, and the staff are friendly and quick. However, this place often gets a bit rowdey later on in the evenings, but not exactly riot scale.A generally great place, with its reputation for good music still intact.
3	The Royal Oak is not your typical "old man" pub. Though its clientele tends to be of the older variety the Royal Oak is not just another pub, but sells itself as an "authentic Scottish" pub. I'm not entirely sure what authentic Scottish is, but this is not your "authentic" Scotland in the usual touristy haggis and bagpipes sense. Instead expect a cosy pub, with two bars, with live music every night. The Royal Oak is probably best known for its live music, of a mostly folk variety, which you can often catch as you squeeze into this sometimes crowded pub late at night on, a cold winter's ee (Sunday night is "wee folk club" night). The Royal Oak is certainly warm, friendly, if not a touch cliquey at times.I'm not sure authentic Scottish equals folk music and ale but The Royal Oak still does a good job at what it sells itself as doing.Also note the Royal Oak is the starting point for the popular "Rebus tours" based on the books by Ian Rankin. The pub is easy to locate, near the National museum on Chamber Street and a couple of minutes from the Royal Mile.
4	The first time I entered the famous Royal Oak was on a dreary, drizzly Scottish evening. Inside, the place was a buzz of activity, with men chatting at the side quietly, while a number of young and old musician's played away. The upstairs part of the Royal Oak, can, and has been on my visits very busy, but with the folk music on offer, it adds to its warm atmosphere. The bar is limited in its offering, but prices for ales and lagers are average. Perhaps not as famous as Sandy Bells, but the Royal Oak is still a must for any fan of folk music. Indeed, above certain seats there are plaques dedicated to past locals and musicians who have played in the Royal Oak and it is hard not feel some of the history of the place. By the end of the night, you will either be lost in the music or chatting to some local, whatever the outcome, the Royal Oak does offer a unique atmosphere in Edinburgh.
4	If you are in the mood to listen to Folk music, The Royal Oak is the place to go. Situated just off of the busy an bustling South Clerk Street, The Royal Oak is just a short walk from the city centre and it is really close to the main University campus, George Square, too so it is a convenient place to reach.I have been into this pub several times, but it took me ages to actually go in as I always thought it was an old man pub and that there was nothing really that special about it. How wrong I was. I have only ever been to this pub when live folk music was playing and the atmosphere was amazing. Most of the clientele when I have been in has mostly been locals and the Royal Oak is not that popular with students which is a shame as it is definitely worth a visit. During the festival, this pub gets really super busy and it can feel quite crowed and cramped inside. The staff are friendly, the drinks are cheap and there is traditional pub food available - ideal!
5	I don't really understand what people have against old man pubs. I'm personally sick of being around people my own age, and the best stories you'll ever get are from older men. At Sandy Bell's, a man once told me loads of interesting facts about the Freemasons, and about how they'd changed to accommodate people from other faiths or no faith at all. The Royal Oak, apart from being a plain good pub, is interesting in the stories you'll hear. The stories you'll hear aren't particularly told, as such, but sung. I went there for a friend's friend's birthday once upon a time, and apart from the banjo and guitar playing that filled the room with great folk songs, you'd also get the occasional older man, who would stand up from his stool in the pub and start crooning an old tune, on his own. I mean, I couldn't understand half of what was sung, what with my speaking North American English, but you're kind of transported (in the least spiritual sense of the word) to a different time. So yes, this old man's pub is much more than just that. It's a whole experience.
2	it smells like a dirty old folks home I dont think its been cleaned in the last 100 years,
1	I've been here a few times and every time my experience was very different.  The first time we went late on a Friday night as a friend knew that local musicians get together in the bottom bar to have a jamming session after they have finished playing at other pubs and venues.  This was a great night and I'd give it 5 stars.  SO much fun and we even got to have a wee shot on the guitars!!!  The second time I went in for a quick drink in the top bar which is not the most classy of venues.  Rammed in there at 7pm on a Friday night beside older locals was not a nice experience.  If I could give zero stars then that would even be too much!!!  I still couldn't get the memory of that first night out of my head so on the third occassion I had visitors over from foreign lands.  I wanted to give them a taste of Scotland so decided to take them along in the hope that the musicians would be back.  There were musicians but in the bar upstairs.  They played their own local songs with lots of slang words so of course my friends didn't have a clue what they were on about.  When I requested that they play 'Caledonia' I got laughed at and if looks could kill then I'd have been lying in a pool of blood in the middle of the floor!!!  I've now come to the conclusion that every night is different and you have to just appreciate the memories.  I doubt I'll be giving this place another chance.
3	I first went to the Royal Oak last night with high expectations for a fun pub with great folk music. While I did enjoy the fact that this pub is all about music, it was hard that it is so tiny with so many people squished inside it. I was standing with my boyfriend next to his parents who were lucky enough to get seats, but I kept being jostled around as people kept trying to push by en route between the door and the bar. The beer selection was ok and the whisky selection was much larger. Overall I was a tad disappointed because of the old man pub atmosphere that others have mentioned as well.
4	A small but lively little pub down the street from the hive ( don't go there it constantly smells like vomit) and near the royal mile. The upstairs is quite crowded and noisy as it is a small pub, but the downstairs area has a pool table that you can play on if you pay 1 pound per game and put down a 5 pound deposit for the pool cue and chalk. Scottish pool is different from American pool as the balls and table are both smaller, the balls are not numbered, and penalty rules are different. keep this in mind if you plan on playing locals.A strange crowd at times but is a lively place every day of the week.
4	You haven't been to Edinburgh until you have been to the Royal Oak. A place to find Scottish pub culture at its best.The Royal Oak is tiny but with great history of which it is extremely proud - rightly so.One of those places where you run into and find locals sitting (rather standing) together and singing along to whatever is vein played by someone who sat down with their fiddle, guitar or washboard and started to play. Live folk music every night. And a spectacle every other (depending on who decided to come along)often folks move over from the Captain's Bar when it closed for a last order at the Royal Oak. A bit messy, a bit warm, a bit too many people in there but somehow it falls int place wihitn minutes after you have ordered your Whiskey/Pint and positioned yourself in some spot among the strangers who will very quickly feel like friends to you (might be the alcohol)
5	As far as I'm concerned, the Royal Oak is probably the best place in Edinburgh to indulge in a well-earned pint . Yes, it is big statement, but I just believe this pub incorporates many of the wonderful aspects of the city: the music, history, top banter and buzzing atmosphere always reminds me why I love living here and on a busy night, the place just comes alive!It's one of those Scottish pubs where you'll start to recognise the locals and where people actually know each other and come together for a wee sing-song, a giggle and some drinks. It may be small, but being crammed inside to enjoy the folk music adds to the whole experience.The regular performers are great, as is the open mic night, where you can either get involved in a jamming session or just enjoy the talented musicians who seem to pass through all the time. Since my boyfriend introduced me to this place over a year ago, I've met a bunch of interesting people from Scotland and from all over the world. I really can't sing the praises of this place enough!
4	This is definitely a great place to find locals and chat. We sidled up right to the bar and sipped on whiskey while we made friends with the bartender and other locals spending their Thursday night. Really cool quotes on the walls and you get the feel of being part of a community. Loved this place. Definitely crowded, we were lucky to find a spot at the bar.
