4	Woohoo! A brand new Mr. Goodcent's opens in Temper after the one down on Broadway closes. I can finally get my delicious Italian subs again! The owners are a couple of real nice folks. Very clean. Overall, just peachy.
5	I think Mr Goodcents has the best subs in town.  I have no idea why people go to Subway.  Goodcents slices the meat and cheese when you order your sandwich and their bread is baked fresh - you can't beat it.  Get oil and vinegar on your sandwich and the taste is to die for.  The staff was very friendly and oftentimes the owners are there working.  $5 footlongs are there too - only they taste 20x's better!  They're all over the city if this one isn't in your neck of the woods.
5	This is the forth and best Mr. Goodcents that I routinely eat at. It is by far the cleanest of the bunch (Clean like "very clean","my 1 year old son eats right off the table kinda clean") The others were all closed down over time, I'll miss them but this one is my favorite. The meat and the condiments are always fresh and the bread is so good. My Favorites are The original. The roast beef, the Italian and the turkey. Usually with onion, olive, mayo, o/v. On the original it has to be mustard and mayo with pickles. My wife got me stuck on that combo 7 years ago, and I get it the same every time. Never had a bad experience here. Who knows, maybe I'll go there tonight? ha ha.
5	This is one of my favorite places for lunch and sometimes dinner (my punch card even says so!)  Staff is super nice, price is super great, sandwiches are awesome!They don't load up on the lettuce, give you tons of meat (which they slice in front of you) and it's just yummy.  Enjoy it!A foot long did increase in price to $5.49 recently, but I'd gladly support this store!
4	I was very impressed with this place!! when I ordered my turkey sandwich, They put some MEAT on that thing!! not like other places that only give you 3 slices!! So I will definitely be going back there!!! Staff was also very friendly as well :)
5	What a great find! Freshly baked bread and sliced meat packed on. Great value for money compared to subway. I will take the extra 10 mins to get there for lunch more often :-) ...and they have mozzarella. What a treat!
5	I eat lunch here about once a week and the sandwiches are fantastic! The bread is fresh as well as the meat and condiments. The people that work there are super nice and friendly. Today we catered it into the office to feed about 60 people and it was wonderful! This is the second time we've ordered for the office and everyone loves it. It's affordable, fresh and delicious. I love that they send little bottles of vinegar, oil, mustard and mayo. They also send separate trays of pickles, onions, jalapenos, etc. I highly recommend them!!
5	I love Mr. Goodcents. Friendly service and delicious food! I recommend the chicken bacon ranch on wheat!
2	coming from NY.. this place is really nothing but a subway sub with the name Mr Goodcents on the front of the building.. Nothing special at all..
5	Five stars for the great price and incredibly friendly service! And the food was good too :)We are new to the area and have a favorite sub place back in Michigan called Jersey Giant where everything is freshly sliced and huge. We don't eat very much bread so it is a treat for us to share a big veggie sub. We are NOT fans of Subway at all, and were sort of resigned to just not having subs while in AZ, but then noticed this place very close to where we are living. After checking out the Yelp reviews we decided to give it a shot. Atmosphere was very mom and pop - I think the owners were working that day and they were very nice and joking around with us. Clean place, line not too bad.We are vegetarian so didn't benefit from the freshly sliced deli meat part of it, and were just a little bummed to see that the cheese is not freshly sliced. We ordered a $5 foot-long cheese mix with only provolone. The sub was very well made - perfect amounts of toppings, a generous amount of cheese, and toppings out to the edges (important since we are always splitting). We ordered it exactly like we get at Jersey Giant - standard dress (LOVE the oregano) with extra tomatoes, banana peppers, and extra mayo. It was super delicious, almost as good as our favorite sub ever, so we were happy! Will definitely be back for our once-in-a-while sub treat.
2	This place really isn't any better than subway. But, it is more expensive. The food is mediocre at best. It had very little flavor (I got the chipotle chicken cheesesteak) and was made with some nasty processed chicken-ish stuff. Gross. Absolutely nothing special about this overpriced subway with no spinach. They also had signs on their windows - one for wraps and one for $3.99 foot-long subs on Sundays with the purchase of a drink. Well, they didn't have ANY wraps and the sub deal only applied to SOME subs. Complete crap. I gave it 2 stars instead of one because the guys working there were very nice.
4	Good fresh sandwiches
5	Penny club is my favorite. One person already wrote their sandwiches are better than Subway, and I agree 1000 percent. The parmesan bread is amazing....you can actually taste the cheese in it!
4	I love this place - and I love the couple that owns it.  I just went back for the 1st time in a long while today, and they have the soda machine of the future!  It's silly I know, but it's a nice touch.  Their bread is always fresh, and their prices are reasonable (less than $6 for almost every footlong).  I stopped going when their corporate office stopped sending the pastrami - which was hands down my favorite sandwich at the time (consequently, albeit a sandwich they don't sell any more, they called the cold pastrami a "Nuckolsandwich" in honor of my last name).  Their roast beef, turkey, penny club & Italian sandos are bomb.
4	I am a sandwich girl, I love a good sandwich, and since my office moved I have 3 sandwich shops just inches away from me on opposite corners of each other, Subway, Jimmy Johns and Mr Goodcents Subs, so I decided to give Mr Goodcents a try.1st thing I noticed right off the bat, they slice the meat in front of you, I think that's pretty neat. I ordered the penny club, its ham, turkey & roast beef with provolone cheese and all the veggies and I have to say, this was a great sandwich, the bread is fresh and soft everything was just perfect! Mr Goodcents glad I found you! Don't tell Jimmy John when I come over though,,,,,,,,
5	I only like to review places that are either really good or really bad and I'm happy to say this one is really good.  I've been to many of the Mr. Goodcent's locations around the valley and this one always seems to be the best.  It's the cleanest and always has friendly employees.  Even though I don't really like chain restaurants, this is a franchise that appears to be owned by a couple so I like being able to support a local business/family. There isn't anything fancy about them but I like their large selections of veggies and dressings.  Today I overheard an employee telling one of the owners that they finished making the spicy ranch and I was pleased to see they made it and didn't buy it.  The bread is super fresh and yummy, which is probably the best part!!!    I got a 12" cheese and veggie sub and a medium drink for the same cost as a 12" sub and drink from Subway.  This tasted a lot fresher and was so much better!  Not sure why some reviews said they are more expensive than Subway.  BTW- they give punch cards so for every 9 (or is it 10?) sandwiches you buy, you get one free.  Maybe not a big deal but when you eat sandwiches often, it's a nice little bonus to get rewarded for loyalty.
5	Some of the best subs around. I think. They cut the meat right when you order your sandwich then put exactly what you want on it. I always get Standard Dress which is all the basics. I love the Original and the Penny Club but I don't think they have a bad sandwich. Everyone I've taken there likes it too. I get teased at work for going there so much for lunch but I like it and it's close. Plus during the week the owners are working the line and that's cool. They remember you if you go in there enough but you still get a big hello even if it's your first time.Having a Coke Freestyle machine is always a plus for any restaurant. I don't think you can do much better. Great sandwiches, friendly people and pretty cheap. It may not be a $5 foot long but for an extra dollar you get a lot better quality.
4	Awsome
4	Outstanding place to eat.  Very affordable and far better than Subway.  Quiet and relaxed atmosphere.
4	This sub shop is right around the corner from where I live, so I manage to stop by often. My husband and I always get the same thing....the tuna sub on wheat. One of these days we have to branch out, but the tuna is really good. And they have LOTS of optional veggies for the sandwiches that we love. Friendly staff too! And they have a frequent users club so eventually you get your sub for free. Can't beat that!
3	We lived in Overland Park, Kansas and loved Mr Goodcents. The location in Tempe is no different. The subs are fresh and excellent quality. The best sandwiches EVER.  So why not a five star? The service today had me questioning whether I'd go back there.We walk in (after a 20 minute drive just to get there) a guy puts on gloves and just stares at us, he's rolling his eyes and huffing. I finally say my order, realizing I'm not going to get a "welcome or what can I get for ya."He slams the bread on the counter. In an attempt to lighten the air, I ask very friendly, "Having a bad day?"  He stares for a few seconds and then answers with a NO. He continues to slam things around. The air was heavy. My sub ended up wrong because everyone was distracted by the awkwardness. The whole experience put me in a bad, funky mood.  It's sad, because the other people who work there are always friendly.
4	for $5.99 you get a great sub, 12" long, fresh meat and ingredients, perfectly soft bread. Try it and you will like it.
4	This place has some of the highest quality meat I've ever had on a sandwich. They are competitively priced. Their bread is delicious. They have the touch screen soda fountain that lets you make custom drinks. They have TVs on ESPN usually which is a bonus for someone who likes sports. The staff seems friendly. Why go to subway and pay the same price for an inferior sandwich?
5	Always great music playing. Classic rock, not too loud but definitely adds to the chill ambiance
3	Good bread, decent selection and low prices. A decent sandwich for lunch. Nothing awesome..just adequate. Don't mind going here but not something I am going to look forward to.
4	One of my favorite sandwich shops, they cut the meat fresh and the bread is really good. Never tried their pasta though.
5	I absolutely love this sub shop. The staff is incredibly friendly and greets me by my name (when I order online), which makes it feel so inviting. The subs are NO WHERE near Subway's! I go every week and never get sick of it.
5	I absolutely love this place! My coworker and I go at least once a week and every time we do we marvel at how good a sandwich they serve. I love the turkey on garlic pepper bread and the staff knows us and is always so friendly. I highly recommend this over any other sandwich shop
