2	Two trips to Fireshouse and probably no more. First one waited 30 minutes for our sandwhiches. I ordered the meatball and it was similar to Subway. My girfriends sandwhich was soggy. The second time the service was much faster and very friendly staff. The brisket sandwhich was so dry it was almost unedible. We took it home and put bbq sauce on it to make it better.It is new and maybe it will get better but we will probably pass.
5	This place opened recently and I couldn't wait to try it. I got the beef and cheddar brisket sandwich, and oh my it was delicious. The brisket was smoky and flavorful, and the combination of the melted cheddar and BBQ sauce put it over the edge. One of the top fast-casual sandwiches I've had. I looked at some of the other sandwiches they had and cannot wait to go back and try some new ones. I will be back... probably within the next week.
4	It just opened so it's very clean.  I'm not a big sub eater but my husband and son are so I went along and I must admit it was pretty darn good!  Had the pastramie, which if you are a pastramie  eater, that this is risky business in untried waters.  Nothing worse than tough stringy corned beef or pastramie.  This isn't.  It's wonderfully tender, warm and juicy.  Not to sure about putting lettuce and mayo on it (that's how it comes if you don't ask for different) but next time I will just tell them to leave it off.  My son told me I could do that. Thanks son. But I for sure will be going back.  It does seem a bit pricey but I guess everything is these days. Is $35.00 to much for 3 sandwhiches 3 soda's a 3 tiny bags of chips, maybe not.
3	We love Firehouse Subs! This particular location is new and hopefully the staff will become friendlier after the newness wheres off!Food was awesome and made correctly. I love the steak and cheese, but hold the mustard ;) Each of our sandwiches were correct, we ordered four different ones.There was no "Welcome to Firehouse" when entering the door, this was disappointing, since it always made you feel welcomed when you entered.Maybe a Sunday night isn't the best night to come in, but it was around 6:00 so they shouldn't of been wanting to close it up.The place was very clean, but I do not like people sweeping when I am trying to eat my dinner. I know call me CRAZY but I really do believe that NO ESTABLISHMENT should sweep when people are at a table eating. Dust goes everywhere even if you can't see it.There was only 1 other family in there, very quiet. I found that odd compared to other Firehouse Subs, but being that they are new, I hope that will change. Love the soda machine with all the options available!My other problem is the cost. It's now over $8.00 for a combo, which I believe is very high. I can eat at a sit down restaurant and pay less than $35.00 and still have a quick but nice meal.
4	What is there not to like about this place?  I love the decor and the food has been great.  Of course my years as a firefighter might cause me to have a slight biased towards Firehouse Subs.  In all honesty, this location did a great job, it was clean the food was good and we enjoyed it.  We'll be back and are looking forward to more opening up.
4	Great food and an extremely warm, inviting environment.
4	Loved this place from the very first brisket & cheddar sub and kept coming back...bacon turkey ranch is great.  Veggie is great...never had a bad experience.  Told people at work about the food here and now everyone orders their lunch here.
4	I really liked Firehouse! They served me to my first mind-blowing Italian sub. Firehouse gives discounts to active duty military and also to firemen/search and rescue. I left the 5th star unchecked simply because the price is a bit higher than normal Phoenix sub shops. I plan on going back monthly at the very least!
1	Do not visit this location.  Complete food violations.  A customer drive back to return a to go order stating there was an extra sandwich in the bag, the employee removed the sandwich and served it to another costumer.    Shut this place down.  I threw out my food and left
5	This was my first time at a Firehouse Subs restaurant and I loved it. The staff was super friendly, particularly the cashier Vicky who asked if we had ever been there, and then went on to explain the menu and options we had. Everyone else was nice too!It was also very clean and the food was delicious. I got the sweet and spicy meatball sandwich and the cherry limeade and I was very happy with it all. Definitely check it out, the meat is a much higher quality than Subway, etc.
1	Do not visit this location. I ordered a sandwich to go, and when I arrive home and take the sandwich out of the bag it looks floppy and wet. I open the wrapper and the whole sandwich is completely soggy and falling apart and the tomatoes were squishy and old. I could not even eat half of it because it was just like mush bread and slimy meat. Never going there again.
1	This place is a joke the subs they give you are a child firehouse not worth the money don't bother
5	Gotta Love Firehouse!  The #10 smokehouse beef & cheddar brisket is to die for!  Love It!
5	Very Impressed! I was helping my daugher move and this is right by her new place so we ran in for a sandwhich. We got the italian sub with chips and a drink. The italian sub was fantastic. So flavorful and just the right amount of stuff on it, including a very flavorful italian sauce. The sandwhich was perfectly toasted and good sized. The drink fountain was fun! It actually was fun! You can pick the type of soda/tea, etc and add flavoring. I had a raspberry lemonade and then when I was leaving I filled it up with cherry coke. Ok, I felt like a little kid playing with the machine! The service was fast and friendly. The food excellent and the location perfect for my daughter's new place. I will be back for an awesome sub!
5	Love this place! Everything is so clean and the people are so nice. All the menu items look delicious, but I always order the number 8. I love that they donate to the local fire departments.
4	So not good that this is less than 2 minutes from my house! Really great sandwiches at fair prices. My favorite is the italian. I liked the meatball but I make better! They are always really fast with getting the sandwiches out and the people at the registers are all really nice. I love their soda machine. I feel like a kid in a candy store trying to pick my drink with all the fun buttons and options! Only complaint is they are not out and about cleaning the tables quickly. Twice I have asked for something to wipe one down to get a seat. No biggie, they are busy and I usually take it home anyways. I did go 3 times before they told me about the punch card as well but I have one now and will use it.
4	This location is very close to my house so it is super convenient. They have always been nice when you walk it there. I always get the same sandwich. The drink dispenser is one of those fancy ones where you have a touch screen where you choose the drink you want and then push a button. Lots more choices of beverages then normally.
2	Great subs and a soda machine with every flavor. I wish the staff was more friendly. I've been here twice now and no one greets me or even says hi. Two people were just standing around while we waited for someone to take our order. We were the only ones in line. Love fire house and always round up. Pick it up east mesa!
1	Went to this firehouse subs for the first time been to the other locations the customer service here is bad placed my order and when it was ready they called out the wrong name and I didn't know it was my order the lady said my order was ready I said Dan is not my name all they did was laugh not going there again
1	The subs are small and just not worth the money!! Dont take the kids there!!, it will cost a bundle of money,.way too expensive and you dont get much!! I think its a criminal interprise!!
