5	Friendly attentive staff. Glass coke bottles like in Mexico :) caution! The habanero sauce they give you on the side is extremely hot. I put dots on my taco and my mouth was on fire! The taco was filled with carnitas. Great portion!! I was full of two tacos! I love little dive places like this. Great people, culture and amazing food done right.
5	Authentic and freshly made Tortas Ahogadas! Hole in the wall joint. Found by hunger. Crunchy bread full of pork juicy  carnitas topped with a flavoring delicious tomato base spicy sauce. I ATE 2!!!The habanero sauce is killer spicy! Great service, reasonable price and very friendly staff. I recommend it. I noticed they also sell tacos and Birria.  The tortas ahogadas are like a Mexican steak Philly sandwhich But with a spicy kick!
5	Uniquely prepared daily...sweet, tarty, sour, and spicy all combined to give just the right taste with every bite....my favorite were the moist juicy carnitas with dots of freshly made habanero sauce! It made my mouth water and my eyes tear....washed down with a Mexican sugar cane glass coke bottle!!Great food at reasonable prices... Check it out!!!
5	I had torta ahogada and two taco carnitas! The carnitas are juicy and mouthwatering!  My torta was delicious.  Washed it all down with a glass of horchata.  Best Mexican food in Vegas!
4	So, I was over at the auto glass place getting a new windshield put into my truck when I thought I will just walk over here and try it out.WOW, was I impressed the Carnitas were OUT of this world! The service was good I only had a few knocks on them. 1. A .75 cent charge on any credit card order under 40.002. No ice teaThe place was very clean and the out door seating plentiful.Cheers!
5	To die for fresh pork authentic Carnitas plus drowned carnitas spicy sandwich (Tortas Ahogadas) , their signature dish!They also sell beer :)Visit and try this hole in the wall!They sell other dishes too
5	First let me say that I was born in Guadalajara and I'm used to REAL Mexican food, now with that said. This place has the ABSOLUTELY BEST tortas ahogadas and tacos in Las Vegas, they are as close as it gets to my home town. This is a MUST try place!!!! Everyone here was so nice and helpful, I live in Summerlin and I am coming back and often
