5	I've been a fan of this garage since 2003. As far as a garage this gets as good as it can get!!. Small garage operated by one hell of a guy. I have 5 cars all of them are serviced here Doesn't matter if it's a small repair or major overhaul you will not feel you've been overcharge or gotten a bad deal. If job is not done to your satisfaction, Wayne will make it right. You will get an upfront estimate, fair and honest. It's the kind of garage you get to wander about looking at your own car or one of the many others he's servicing. Hrs are good 8-5 m-f & on Sat 8-12. If you want an independent garage, tired of being screwed by dealerships...this is the place to come.
5	I recently I moved to Vegas from out of state.  There were two things that were very important to me: 1. A good Doctor and 2. A good Mechanic!  I did research online for both and read through all the reviews...Luckily I found a good doctor, and THANKFULLY I found a GOOD and HONEST Mechanic.  I love these guy's!!! Duane, the owner is the best!!!!
5	They are great! Honest, Great workers. Highly recommended.
5	I have been sending family and friends to dad's for years and spoken so highly about them that we now have our company trucks serviced by them. Absolutely the most honest shop in town. Are they the rock bottom cheapest? No, but thats not who you want answering your questions and being trusted with your car in any case. Their prices are very reasonable, however. Wayne (owner) is a standup guy and will gladly take time to explain things and let you know what really needs to be done and what can wait. I've even had jobs done that were cheaper than my estimate. I cannot recommend them highly enough.
5	I have been going to dad's garage since they opened. I would never ever go anywhere else to get work done on my automobile.  They are by far the best and most honest mechanics that I know. If your not going here then you are really missing out.
5	The owner Wayne is very honest, humble and straight forward. He is not gonna sell you anything. I came here with a oil leak without appointment. The price of repair was   60% less than the quoted repair. The young lady on the front is nice and straight forward too. Its a little far from my home but it was worth it to go here. I think i found a mechanic and will come here again.
5	Always a pleasure
