5	We stopped by for lunch on a late Saturday afternoon. It was still a little busy from it being opening week, so there was a bit of a line. The staff was quick though, so the wait wasn't too long.The decor is like every other Cafe Rio out there. Vibrant and friendly. A comfortable fun place to have a meal.The staff is fast and friendly. The menu takes a little getting used too, but the staff are helpful.We ordered a sweet pork barbacoa enchilada plate and a sweet pork barbacoa burrito plate. Both with mild sauce. The food was delicious. It was hard to stop eating my burrito even after I knew I had eaten too much. The burrito plate is large and could feed two people (maybe).We will definitely be back (repeatedly) to try out all of the other dishes.
5	I think I have a new favorite in the quick service Mexican food game, and that is one of my favorite contests ever.I was all prepared to get a salad but then, then I saw the magical tortilla spinner. I couldn't resist. I created the business listing while I was in line, waiting for it to be my turn. Was I in line for a ride at Disneyland or to get tacos? Its decor sort of reminded me of Frontierland at D-land, but the food was definitely better quality and price than that place. The service was quick and to the point. The food was especially delicious, considering I fancy myself a connoisseur of quick service Mexican food. I don't think they do their meats/dairy as responsibly as Chipotle, but I could be wrong. I had never been to a Cafe Rio until yesterday, so it's all new and shiny to me.I did like how they put "Tips to Not Get Fat Off Our Food" in the bottom corner of the menu. (My words, not theirs, but that's definitely what they're meaning to say.) In case you don't know, you can save food for later and not eat it in one setting. OMG GUYS, did you know that??? Did you know that you don't have to eat all the food at once? Cafe Rio definitely makes it easier, as they put lids out to make everything a to-go box if you want.I will definitely be back to try out the different things on the menu, but a single taco with rice and beans was enough (and yes, I did take some of it home).
3	It was ok. I was not blowen over like I was thinking it would do. I'll give it one more shot.
5	Simply the best tacos I have ever had!! I ordered the fire grilled salmon tacos it comes with rice and beans. The tortillas were fresh and made right there.
2	This is my first time at the Stephanie location but have been to the Eastern store a few times as well.  After trying to give Cafe Rio a fair shake, I'm sad to say I'm not a fan.The good thing is that both Henderson locations are consistent:  loud and busy but service is efficient and food tastes the same at both places.  I'm just not into their meat being super soggy with cooking liquids dumped right into your aluminum container.  Very disappointing to have your nachos turn into a soggy clump because of the liquids in the meat.  I don't like the hot liquid wilting my salad either.  I do like that they actually have "salad lettuce" rather than just shredded "garnish lettuce".  But it's not enough for me to give them another chance.  Sorry Cafe Rio, I'll keep going to Chipotle even though their "salad" consists of thinly sliced lettuce.
4	I enjoy the quality of food. It is always consistant and they have friendly people taking your order. Beware of Sat and Sun afternoons. And lunch hours. They have an insane line and it would better suit you to wait in your car, call and order take-out, and then walk in 10 minutes later to purchase and avoid the line. My fave is the sweet pork burrito. Always a winner.
2	Was looking forward to going here but ended up being disappointed. Had the barbacoa  burrito which was really runny and the seasoning on it I did not care for. The atmosphere was nice though.
4	Came here as soon as it opened and the crowds soon followed. I love the enchilada style burritos. I have tried several meats and they were all good. I enjoyed the sweet pork the most and add cilantro after the journey through the oven. Popular for lunch and the line is long at times so beware.
2	I love Mexican food and was really looking forward to trying Cafe Rio so when we had an opportunity to go there I jumped on it.  The decor is great and the store was very clean.  Unfortunately that is all the good there is to report.  The line was Disneyland long with stanchions and everything , there was no menu to look at while ordering food, and then I was given $17 in change...all in singles.  Overall the food was expensive and mediocre at best, with limited options.  The beans were too salty.  I don't plan on going back...
5	First time going to this new location and loved it! It was busy of course, but as always the line moved smoothly and efficiently. Food is delicious! Will keep coming back!
4	I love Cafe Rio and this particular restaurant is a lot closer to my house than the Eastern one.  It is also quite a bit bigger with a lot more room for parking.  And it's right next to Total Wine so you can get some delicious Mexican food while you are shopping for booze.The service at this Rio was fast and friendly.  From time the of ordering to paying, I think it was about 3 minutes.  Everyone on the line was very nice and said hello.  I like good service, even at a fast food type of joint.  The food was great just like at other Rios and it really hit the spot.  The tortillas at these places are just plain delicious!  I've already raved about the Sweet Pork Barbacoa and if you haven't tried it, you must!  The chips and guacamole were delicious as well and there was a ton of them.  Great deal for the price.  This is a nice in between restaurant if you don't feel like Taco Bell but don't really want to go to a sit down place.
5	Oh man oh man, I'm a big fan of Cafe Rio.  No bigger fan.  Well, maybe, but I'm a pretty huge fan LOL.I like the new location.  It's in a small detached building in a huge strip mall.  There's ample parking and lots of big windows.  The place is big and has a lot of seating.  I like the bright colors and the different shaped table tops.  The place is clean and flows very well for me.  Although it's getting colder, I do appreciate the outside seating option as well.  I've been to that new location twice in one week because A.) it's closer to my apartment and B.) it's worth every cent.  Their pork barbacoa is just something else!  I always get the pork barbacoa salad for around  $8.  It's huge!  Start with a homemade tortilla, lined on the bottom of a tin container.  The tortilla is heated up on the flat top with melted cheese.  You then pick between two kinds of beans and rice.  Then comes the pork.  A nice heaping tongful of this magical meat.  Sounds weird but I have dreams about it.  After that, they load the container with lettuce (I prefer the shreaded lettuce because it means more lettuce and less unused space), cilantro, crispy tortilla strips and a scoop of guacamole.  For the dressing, I prefer the vinaigrette.  Let me just tell you.  I feel as if you don't need dressing.  The barbacoa part of the pork is sweet and just a little tangy.  The black beans and rice really compliment the entire dish and mixed with everything else, you've really got a fulfilling combination.  I could literally go blue in the face, telling you how much I love it there, but you need to try it for yourself.  This place has got it going on!  I beg you all to get in your cars and visit Cafe Rio for the pork barbacoa.  You will NOT be disappointed :) oh and you're welcome in advance...
2	Worst service I've ever had! The line was long which I can deal with, but the attitude from the workers not cool.
1	Rice and beans not cooked....award winning Pork? Lmao. Soooo greasy. Mass confusion along the service line. Decor looks like a kindergarten classroom
4	I've always heard many great things about Cafe Rio and it wasn't until recently that I took that chance of trying something new, other than the usual weekly chipotle run.  Their menu is something new to me so I had to just stand there for a bit and decide what to try......*drum roll* it was decided, grilled chicken salad! What amazed me at Cafe Rio is that they make all their tortillas Fresh!  I have never been to a fast food chain where tortillas are made fresh!  And boooyyy are those fresh tortillas delicious!  This salad is made with the tortilla as the base, topped with some chopped lettuce, pico de gallo, guacamole, grilled chicken, and other garnishes, and you have a choice between a creamy dressing or an oil based dressing.  I'm not a fan of creamy dressings, so I tried the lime cilantro oil dressing and it hit the spot!  This place is very delicious and fresh!  For those of you who have not tried it yet, it is a must!  Now onto my next opinion, although Cafe Rio is good, it is so different from Chipotle and yes, Chipotle still is on my list of favorite places to go to eat!
4	Excellent food and service!
4	Very good food and a fun atmosphere. A great variety of Mexican food on the menu. You will not regret going there.
5	I love this place. I used to be a huge fan of chipotle but I feel like every time I go they make their burritos smaller. This place has a huge burrito and I get mine enchilada style (smothered) which since it has barbacoa comes out to 8.25. I love to get tortilla strings on the side so they add some crunch when I need it. They have a delicious house dressing that is beyond amazing. I like to add that inside my burrito even though sometimes they stare at me for my choice but hey it's absolutely delicious. Homemade tortillas that you can see them make in front of you if you during prime hours. Fresh delicious ingredients. Don't be afraid to mix sauces and ask for extra cheese.
4	Good steak. Love their tortillas. Very good americanized mexican food. I love that they give free quesadillas to children, huge plus. My  wife always gets their salad for the creamy cilantro dressing, which is amazing. I usually get a steak burrito or the roast beef chile burrito.
3	I think I was having lust for new flavors and a mystical tortilla cooking wheel. I don't really like Cafe Rio, I decided. The staff seems pretty flustered/annoyed most of the time. It's nearly impossible to hear what they asking you over how loud the kitchen is. I know there's a lot going on, but if they would just calm down, everything would be a lot better.The drinks still get a big set of stars, though. I love the lemonade and limeade options and horchata if you are into all that. I might try again something I haven't had before, but sadly, it no longer tops my list.
4	My favorite fake Mexican good place in Vegas!It's delicious, not authentic.This particular location has some great staff and is always fast. They do tend to be less friendly during the dinner rush, but that's human nature.I always get a salad, rotating between pork and chile roast beef. Their tortillas are the best you can get from a place of such caliber. I love them. I hear they make them with lard.Also: horchata. Need I say mas?(Get it?)
4	Yummy fire grilled chicken!  Enchiladas are amazing so it the huge salad!  Service is pretty fast, during lunch time there is usually a decent line! Overall beats Chipotle,  tastes fresher!  So if you like Chipotle you'll love this place!
3	Plenty of choices for burritos, tacos, salads, and more. Everything was real fresh. I don't get chicken often but their fire grilled chicken was worth it.
1	The food from the moment we walked in did not look to good, but after working for 13 hours I just needed to eat. I ordered the sweet pork barb burrito. The rice looked kinda yellow with green splotchs of i guess a vegtable. They were out of black beans and they brought out more cut the bag of beans open and poured them in the heating trays, very classy. He scooped a little rice, the a heaping portion of the bagged beans, on top, Then a descent sized portion of meat, the only good thing I will say about my experience there. Then the order taker kept insisting I get the sauce on my burrito I dont like sauce a lot, on or in, my burrito but after three attempts to say no sauce, I gave in and aaid a little on the inside, I got A LITTLE  on the inside and hit me a dollar for my dab of sauce. Now I feel like a sucker. The yellow rice was under cooked, the beans were to many. The order taker made a sloppy wet burrito and backdoored a dollar. The kitchen floor needed to be cleaned. Even the cute girl at the register was rude and to distracted to take the money out of my hand. My first experience will be my last
5	Cafe Rio is always my go-to Mexican food place for quick and wonderful food.  And they have the best KIDS special around.  Actually, you get a FREE kids quesadilla for all kids under 6 years old with an adult purchase.  Today I went with chicken enchiladas with MEDIUM sauce. Lunch time on a Saturday meant very long lines but it moves pretty fast.  I give Cafe Rio the 5th star because of their drink options.  In addition to the soda machine, they offer 3 types of freshly-brewed iced tea and 4 types of Mexican-flavored drinks (orchata, mint lemonade, etc.).The fire-grilled chicken and carne asada are both great.  I haven't tried the barbacoa - but it's their most popular meat item I think.  All in all, Cafe Rio offers up quality made-to-order food - did I say HOMEMADE tortillas made in front of you?   There are very few Mexican restaurants in town that offer the same quality of food for the price.  My family of 3 can eat here for $20 or less - which is actually very hard to do in this town at any restaurant.  And the food always meets our expectations!!
1	I've tried it twice, and I have to say this place is not for me. If you like cilantro (I don't) you'd probably like it. The burrito was bland, the quesadilla was good, but dripping with grease. The chips were good, but the queso had a bad flavor.
4	Cafe Rio is my new addiction. The food is delicious and affordable.  The pork is to die for.  Whether its the pork salad or pork tacos.  This location has outside seating option which is GREAT for days when the weather is nice.  The drink selections are AMAZING! Mint Limeade FAN.   Be sure to get your loyalty punch card so that you can get a free meal after 10 purchases. :-)
5	I have been to several Cafe Rio's in the valley.  But they finally opened this one close to my house.  I have been here about 20 times but have still not found a perfect time to come here its always packed and i say they could open another one right next door and it would be just as packed.  Everything is good.  But we have settled on the Pulled chicken Salad as being the best.  Here is how I order it:  Wheat tortilla, Cheese - with both beans no rice (white carbs) pulled chicken.  Shredded lettuce its smaller pieces and every thing else.  Here is the best part ask for the House dressing and the vinaigrette  mixed.  You will not be disappointed and will never be able to go back to just one.  I have had the tamales, Chile relleno, Nacho's, chips and salsa (get the Cheese) the tortilla soup is really good as well.  they also have a nino Quesadillia for the little ones thats free.
2	I was hungry for some dinner and was on this side of town so I thought I would give this place a try. The dining area is very colorful and spacious.The kitchen is open so you can see the food being prepared when you order it. The highlight was seeing the tortillas being made and cooked right in front of me. So fresh and airy. My problem was not with the kitchen or the food being prepared but with the employees. They seemed overly sweaty and their shirts were very dirty.. Then there was the cashier whose black shirt was covered in white hair- I am an animal owner so I would bet my money that it was her cats or dogs hair. After seeing that, I had lost my appetite. I ate my 2 salmon tacos with sides of rice and beans. My food was tasty, fresh, and filling, but it was hard to enjoy.
5	Best pork tacos I've ever had.  They are amazing.  The staff was a little slower and inconsistent with their service when this location first opened but now they are all pros.  Great great food.
4	First time here and we'll return.  Fresh food, good prices and you can bring your dog and sit outside.  I loved the selection of meats and toppings.  My husband had 2 chicken tacos and I had a chicken enchilada.  All very tasty.
5	Food is awesome every time we go there....service is good...food selection is also very good
3	I don't get the appeal. I waded thru the Disneyland 'esque line reading the menu board and decided on the salad bowl.  All the while I was thinking this place is just a glorified Chipotle with the assembly line and all. And I'm not too crazy over the food  there either! I don't even frequent the larger chain restaurants, so what the heck am I here in the first place?  Oh! For the supposedly Sweet Pork Barbacoa Salad that I've read is "ahhhmazing", "so awesome". Well I don't know about that, it tasted okay for me. It was sweet though, too darn sugary sweet. Yes the tortillas are fresh but I'm not too crazy about them either. I tore a piece to take a bite and thought it was kind of dry almost brittle like. Mine didn't have any taste to it. Don't get me wrong the food here is not bad,  just this typical type of Mexi food is not my cup of Horchata.
5	I found this place with my dad and can't believe how good it was. I thought they only had one in Henderson so I would only eat here when I was in the area.I love that they have daily specials. Those are really good deals. But once I tried that Chicken Tostada Salad it was over for me. I never order anything else. It is the perfect amount of chicken, cheese and beans of your choice. They pile high the fresh lettuce and top it with Pico and Sour Cream and a few Tortilla Chip Strips. The creamy dressing is my favorite.This location is so busy. I could not believe how long the wait was. The staff was really friendly to everyone and they kept that line moving. The restaurant was also very clean and they had someone out there washing tables as soon as the guest would leave. Great location, great food!
3	Yeah the food was 'OK', nothing too special but still good.  I ordered a burrito enchilada style.  I thought the sauce was really good, but the burrito itself wasn't great.  The burrito simply doesn't have enough meat in it, or enough variety of fillers.  I prefer something like the nacho burrito from Baja Fresh which has all sorts of good things in the burrito as well as enough meat.  A lot of people seem to love this place b/c it's always jam packed, but I don't see why it's considered so much better than anywhere else that sells the same types of food.  Service was pretty good, and despite the long line the wait isn't bad because the line moves quickly.  The inside can get crowded though.
5	Love this place, the food is fast, fresh and delicious.
4	I've been here 3 times, and the food is still amazing. My first dish here that I tried was the chicken quesadilla the first time I came, and it was great! The reason I gave 4 stars however, is because the service was a little bit slow, but besides that, this restaurant was phenomenal!
3	3.5 stars.Comparable to Chipotle's style of ordering, kinda.  Staff was friendly.I'm sad I didn't get to try the freshly made tortillas; they looked REALLY good.  Tostada - not what I thought it would be.  Flat taco shell with salad on top.  Lime dressing/vinegarette was really good, though.Nachos- I swear I saw him pile on the meat, but when we ate it, it seemed like there wasn't a lot?  Maybe the meat slices were thin.  I noticed that with the grilled chicken, they were cut pretty thin.  Next time, definitely quesedilla and tacos.Drinks were awesome.  Half lemonade mint and half strawberry, like a strawberry mojito, minus the rum.Overall, pretty solid.
4	Love this place, the place is super clean. The staff were friendly and efficient. I order the burrito sweet pork with everything. It very good. I would definitely be back and try other things on the menu!
1	I have no FREAKIN' idea why this place is so d@#n crowded cuz it is not good Mexican food! I bought me and my daughter each a grilled chicken burrito enchilada style. The sauce is sweet! Sweet sauce on a burrito. Whose idea was that?!?And what is up with the parboiled, crunchy, non-flavored, wanna-be, Spanish rice??? Yuck!!! And this place is EFFIN' expensive to boot! $23 and change for two burritos and 1 small drink. And it's nasty! Woooowee! I'm mad about this nasty expensive food. The burrito taste like it was vegetarian. What happened to my CHICKEN!!!I could have gone to a roach coach and gotten better tasting, wayyyy cheaper food. The Horchata didn't even taste right!Taco Bell is better than this place...I WON'T EVER BE BACK!!!
4	Finally got around to trying Cafe Rio for the first time. Wow, it's really hard to argue with just north of $6 for a gigantic, filling lunch.We got here a little before noon. Found out later that we were lucky enough to dodge the peak lunch hour line. Holy crap.I went with the daily special, which was a chicken tostada salad. It was really nice. I picked the pinto beans and gave them the okay to put "everything" on it, and it certainly seemed like they did. A tortilla at the bottom of the plate, a whole mess of salad, a solid helping of chicken, a bunch of tostada strips, a gob of sour cream, half of a lime, and the amazing cilantro lime "vinaigrette" that was definitely more of a dressing. Everything worked very well together and nothing was bland or overly salty. Oh, and I got a drink with the cost of the special, and I picked the strawberry lemonade with stevia sweetener to save on calories.I'll definitely come back and try the other specials, and I may look into some of the regular menu items too. This is well worth a visit at non-peak lunch hours.
4	This restaurant is usually busy, and it's definitely for a reason! The taco salad is amazing- I usually get that or 3 tacos. My favorite meat is the shredded chicken, and their creamy dressing is the best! It's slightly spicy, and completely delicious! They've messed up my order once, but when I came back, they gave me the missing item for free. I have tried the sweet pork barbacoa- it is sweet, so if you don't like sweet BBQ sauce, avoid it. A lot of my friends really like it though... The food is very fresh, and really good!
2	This place is nothing to get too excited about. I had the steak taco and the flavor was just ok.  I have to say, the service here wowed me more than the food. I placed the order online (super easy) and it was ready exactly when I requested. Overall, I'll probably stick to Chipotle for a quick  Mexican fix.
4	I love their food and how organized the staff is as a team, as well as the homemade desserts!
1	Wow, this place is  no good at ALL.  Very disappointed with cafe rio. I don't even know where to start. The tortilla's where not cooked or even heated up. Apparently they have never heard of carnitas! The tortilla was soaked in salsa. I picked it up, and it feel apart. The guacamole was missing salt and onion. Expensive for garbage! trust me don't go here! to top it of, there is no salsa bar. it's a bunch of salsas in a bottle u can get a grocery store. will never go to this place again. I don't even know how they can consider themselves a Mexican restaurant! they have alot of learning to do. trust me, skip this place. If you are looking for good mexican food go to taco y taco ( in the shopping center of tropicana and pecos ) or El Panzon tacos y tortas ( in the shopping center on  sunset  and sand mill ).
5	I have heard so many great things about this place & finally my boyfriend took me here earlier today. Very warm & friendly environment (which I loved!!). The food is 100% homemade & fresh. The employees were very nice & made it a fun experience.I got one of their salads - OH MY GOD! So much food for me, but at least I got to bring the rest home! I can't believe it took me this long to try this place. Boy have I missed out. I will DEFINITELY be going back!!
3	Overall the food is pretty good, and definitely fresh. As a first timer I wasn't sure what to expect but I was satisfied with the quality of the food. The only problems were being rushed. I'd say there were 5 people in front of us. I dont coinsider that a lot, but the way they rushed us through the line, I guess the employees do. I ordered the chicken enchiladas. Delicious but since I was rushed and didnt understand how they organize the line I didnt get all the toppings I wanted. And the enchiladas were served in a foil tray with beans and rice. When I asked for black beans, I didnt realize they weren't going to strain the juice, so I eneded up with kind of a soupy mess that made the enchiladas soggy. But the chicken was really good and the veggies very fresh. I'd give it another go.
4	I love their tortilla! I usually grt sweet barbacoa with pico de gallo, lettuce and gucamole. I also mix the creamy tomatillo and cilantro vinagrette and pour over my rice. Yum!!! Their horchata on the other hand is not so good...
5	This was a wonderful place to eat!  The flour tortillas are made fresh as you watch.  I am ruined for flour tortillas from anywhere else!!
5	My family and I eat there at least once a week and we still haven't had a bad meal. Except for the quesadillas. They're way too greasy. Everything else is very tasty and freshly made.
5	2 taco meal with sweet barbacoa pork, $8.38 with tax. You'll never eat at Chipotle ever again.
5	Great good, great vibe, great location! Salad with chicken and cilantro dressing = bomb!
3	It's a good restaurant, but when it's busy the quality of the food goes down... And the rice is not cooked
5	At Christmas time they had the pulled pork Tamalie's and OMG Loved them. But when we went this time they did not have them any more. They did not have the rice ready when we got there and we got there when they opened 10:30am..So I got the pork Nachos and my Husband wanted a Bean and Cheese burrito with rice and ended up with just the Bean and Cheese. But the food was very good.The staff seemed ok kinda talking amongst each other but, they did aknowledge us also.We will be back
3	I am a frequent diner of multiple locations of Cafe Rio.  This location is the worst.  Rice is always undercooked.  Meat portions are never consistent.  Southwest limeade is also very inconsistent... sometimes way too diluted and watered down.  Service is also questionable at this location.  They have trouble when busy and there always seems to be a bottleneck at the cashier.  S Eastern location much better, even UNLV location is better, if you can stand the drive.
5	Pork Barbacoa Tostadas are amazing!  I've tried other things on the menu which are good also but I always come back to my tried and true. I'll be back in a few days for sure.
3	Don't like this location! Rude staff and they are always out of everything! I feel like Cafe Rio used to be great but now they use cheap ingredients and don't take the time to make it right. My mom actually just took back her salad- which is not like her- because it was so sloppy...sadness! Miss the old way cafe rio was!
3	I'm a pretty regular Chipotle eater and can totally appreciate the assembly line style of choosing exactly what you want in your meal, and after hearing a recommendation from someone who prefers Cafe Rio, I figured sure, I'll give it a shot. The seats and tables were the first thing I noticed since they're brightly colored and spattered with paint, but after that I realized I came to eat and not to stare at furniture, so I moved on to the menu, which was about as straightforward and simple as could be.I got a burrito, mainly since the tortillas looked amazing, with chicken, black beans, rice, etc. It's boring, but pretty much exactly what I get at Chipotle, and I wanted to compare. The sad part came when I got to the register, as it came to $10 and change without any of the additional options and a basic drink. Not bad if considering it as restaurant quality food, but as standard higher-end fast food, it gets into some dicey territory as far as price goes. The drink area was surprisingly great, with a tons of choices and additional in-house teas, limeades, and even horchata. The burrito was great too. It was hot, the chicken was flavorful, and the tortilla turned out to taste as good as it looked. The girlfriend on the other hand wasn't impressed. She got the two taco plate with beef, which was the same price, and I wouldn't be mentioning it if I didn't agree with her; the beef tacos were on a completely different level as the burrito. The tin foil they came in was full of grease, and the tacos were soaked in it. They were soggy and bland. Some grease is to be expected with beef, but this was a little overwhelming, and turned the tacos into a big wet glob of food. It would've been worth it if the beef had some substantial flavor, but they didn't.Ultimately, the glory of the chicken burrito was not completely overshadowed by the greasy beef, although the tacos were admittedly bad. Would I pick it over a Chipotle burrito? Probably not. It was hotter and tasted great, but was also a bit smaller, more expensive, and more sloppily thrown together than what I get at Chipotle, with less topping options too. Definitely a decent place for some quick, fresh Mexican food, but I'm staying far away from the beef.
5	Easily beats Qdoba and Chipotle.   The handmade tortilla shells and hand grated cheese were phenomenal.  The prices were pretty much the same as the others listed,  but with much better quality food.
3	3 1/2 stars. I thought this place was really solid. I came in with Angela and ordered the nacho plate while she ordered two tacos and shared one with me. It's all you can drink, you self-serve at the fountain and when they're making your food, you can totally ask for extra whatever and they'll throw it in gratuit! So I had extra salsa and guacamole with my nachos and it was really solid. Their tortillas they hand make from scratch and you can really tell the difference. Their really solid. This place is definitely way then any other chain Mexican place.
3	Trash cans are always full 24/7. Food is alright. Is would much rather have chipotle though. Will stop if I have no other options.
2	I really thought this would be a great place to eat, but I was really disappointed ! Got there at 11:30 am place was super busy! Really wanted a beef burrito, went to order . No beef?! Really it's the beginning of your lunch rush and no beef ? Only 2 options chicken or pork. Went with the pork. The presentation was great it looks fresh . But the inside including the pork was cold! Bland flavor ! 2 people cost 24.00! Wish I'd gone to Del Taco! Won't go there again !
4	The food is good. The pork is a little to sweet for my taste. But always fast and always friendly. If it's crowded don't be discouraged the line moves fast.
4	My experience here was better then expected after reading some reviews while in line. I decided to give this place 4 stars because the food (sweet pork & chicken tacos) was very good overall. The tortillas & ingredients were fresh and the atmosphere was fun.  What wasn't so good was the fact that some soda choices (e.g. Root-beer) were out of syrup. The time in line waiting to order while watching them prepare food (around 15 min ) seemed too long. It was a Monday night when I stopped in, and I don't know how it is at other times but overall I would say, even though the food tastes good if you only have a couple of minutes this place may not work for you.
4	Very busy and crowded restaurant for lunch. Went with a group and needed to get orders to go in order to make it back on time from a one hour break, Long line, staff moves very fast. Colleague said her enchilada was cold. I ordered the salad with a very fresh, homemade tortilla bowl. Salmon was seasoned well over the salad. Lots to choose from, very filling meal, decent prices. Outdoor dining in great spot with lots of surrounding shops.
2	Cafe rio has great food, but they can never seem to get my order right when I place it through the phone. They don't listen to your specifications and when I ask for extra of anything, they charge but don't provide. I let the manager know that this was the third time they had made my order incorrectly, but she only offered to remake it, when I had told her I was in a rush, hence why I placed the order over the phone. My coworkers also complained that theirs were made incorrectly. You would think they would comp you a meal or something of the sort rather than trying to make you wait for something that should've been made right the first time. If their food didn't taste so good, when made correctly, I probably would not return or recommend it to anyone else.They definitely have poor management.
4	Fresh, high-quality and inexpensive - it doesn't get much better than this!  Consistently good - I mean like every single time we eat here we leave full and satisfied!  The pork barbacoa salad, quesadilla, tacos, ANYTHING is SO good.  They make everything on site fresh every day (inside knowledge from a friend of mine who used to work there) and are really conscious of cleanliness.  The tortillas are to die for (sometimes I buy them plain and take them home and put them in the freezer) and really, as if could get much better, they have a pellet ice machine!  I do have to say that it's a good bet to call ahead and place your order (even if you're eating there) because we spent 25 minutes in line on our last visit there.  It's testament to how good this place really is.  The frequent diner card is great - 10 stamps and you get a free meal and drink.  I'm happy (and somewhat embarrassed) to say that between my husband and I, I'm pretty sure we've filled up about 5 cards.  Yeah, it's that good.
3	They ran out of guacamole! SERIOUSLY HOW DO YOU DO THAT? They said it would take 25 min. To make- ERR.The check out lady was awesome in giving us a discount, did not ask for one.Awesome awareness she has, just to give.They were also fast! Guacamole makes Mexican food Mexican!
4	Excellent, tasty food, but no table service or margaritas. You walk up & order. We really need a Mex place exactly like this but with waiters & a bar. Or... add a drive thru
3	I've been a Rio-er for quite some time. It didn't help that I used to work at a frozen custard place right next to a cafe rio.But tonight, I'm quite upset. Service was slow, food was great, but it seems like shortcuts are being taken and quality is being hindered.I'm highly upset because my freakin' horchata was empty! I came to drink the milk of the Hispanic gods, but to my dismay the fountain was dry.They ran out of corn tortillas, an aluminum pan is used to catch the soda fountain water, and the staff didn't make me smile. I'm unhappy. I'm gonna go to the other location. Sorry Henderson Rio.
3	This is my first visit to cafe rio.  The food is fair +.  The service is fast bit maybe a little too fast as the workers won't even look at you when you're talking. I was in line trying to order and the lady asked me what I would like and I told her but it wasn't what she wanted to hear so she ordered what she thought I said.  I tried correcting her and it was so loud I gave up.  The whole idea of customization is thrown out the door when the employees can't even look up when they are asking you questions.
2	It's so unfortunate that my first time yelping is because of the HORRIBLE experience I had. Everyone was in a bad mood, Rolling their eyes and making snarky comments.  It's really upsetting because the food was amazing, but the customer service I received will insure that I never come back to this location.
4	This is my favorite Cafe Rio in LV. I was a little bummed today when I got a free meal and I didn't get my free meal call (which isn't a big deal) I jokingly said "awwww no free meal call?" (With a big smile on my face I was totally kidding too) the girl behind the counter says with an attitude "you really want one of those?" Then proceeds to roll her eyes. Everyone else was friendly and the good here is always great. I would've given it a five if it wasn't for the cashier.
4	Similar to Chipotle, you have a whole assembly line of workers preparing your meal. I heard this place is always crowded, always a line. They have daily specials and when I went on a Thursday, tamales were their special of the day. It comes with rice and beans along with 2 pork tamales. You can customize anything to your own personal liking. The tamales were just good. It was enough to get me full. Nothing outstanding. The daily specials come with a drink as well.Did I like it? Yeah. Solid 4 stars for me. There's three kinds of salsa. The medium have a sweet, tangy taste to it. So I opted for the mild. The flavoring was bland. Next time...I'll definitely try the hot.Maybe this is a Vegas thing. But personally, I would clump this together with Baja Fresh type-a food.
5	Their sweet pork burrito, enchilada style is ridiculously good. Whenever I'm in Vegas, I make every effort to visit this place at least twice in my 3-4 day trip. I wish they would open up in Houston. Now I just need this place to open up now as I'm waiting outside :)
3	Went there and the Tuesday mennu said coconut shrimp... well got up to louder and was told they ran out... dammm that sounded so good... place is good ..fresh food ... my son got the BBQ beef it was a little to greasy to me but my 15 year old liked it...  I think they should be more friendly service, but they are all young kids behind the counter..   I feel the one on Maryland pkway in run a lot better ...
2	Cafe Rio used to be one of my favorites, but this location seems to have a plethora of problems. First and foremost they rush you through the line as fast as possible, slapping your food together like it owes them money. The employees do not pay attention to what you ask for, and throw whatever they like onto your requested item of food, which is bad customer service - and really, really annoying. I requested a chicken salad with black beans - no rice - shredded lettuce. What I got was a pile of beef on a tin with iceberg lettuce. When I tried to correct the order, I received huffs and gruff from the female employee and food thrown back into its receptacles. Wow.The place is packed - every day. There seems to be no reprieve, and they have run out of items completely at least three times that I have been there. Any time I have ordered takeout, the order has been incorrect, items left out, and one time I even received someone else's order which I had to drive all the way back to the Restaraunt! Waste of gas, time, and money.I probably won't go to this location again. It just seems as though the high school employees behind the counter couldn't care less about anything, including the cleanliness of the dining area. Not to mention the complete lack of customer service.
1	Yesterday was my first time at this place and I am unimpressed...I went in for some nachos and the line was extremely long, they ran out of pico de gallo, and their chicken was tasteless and too chewy...I'll stick to chipotle
4	I absolutely love this place !!!! Everything is always fresh !!! I'm a sucker for the steak salad !!!!!
5	Get the sweet pork barbacoa burrito enchilada style. It's so good that I haven't ever tried anything else. Line usually takes about 15 minutes because the place is popular. It's an assembly line and you will repeat your order to about 4 different people before you get to the cashier.  Totally annoying, but the food is worth it!Tortillas are made right there -very fresh.
1	Bad, cold food.  Old meat.  Watery beans and pico.  Moist tortillas and old lettuce.  Up til 2am puking after eating for lunch.  Really bad food, bad presentation, no flavor, probably got food poisoning.  Really, really gross food.  I want to puke again just thinking about how nasty that food was.  I'd rather pay 1/4 the price and eat del taco.
1	Going on day 3 of my poisoning from this dump. I haven't eaten anything since my cold watery fire grilled steak tacos Tuesday.  No answer or ability to get calls returned from corporate.  Worst restaurant experience ever. Never eating Cafe Rio again.
1	My daughter loves the salad but we are not going to bring her to get it any more. Every single time I bring her we are rushed in line and receive the WORST customer service. I am also gluten sensitive and when I asked for gluten free options no options were available. I was told that maybe the grilled chicken is ok... just not good enough. Fail on customer service. Fail on gluten free.
5	Amazing food! Awesome service ... Freshness of homemade food... Oh yes, nice music and ambience ..
5	I love Cafe Rio. They offer so many choices--different meats, sauces, fillings. You can get exactly what you want. I like their shredded chicken enchilada with the green sauce, which is more tangy than spicy. Their quesadillas are cheesy   and large enough to share. They have a good selection of beverages--sodas and teas.
5	This place is always delicious and very high quality. You get your money's worth with their large quantities. Delicious & friendly staff.
5	My favorite place to eat for quick good food whenever I need to eat. I can eat here everyday if I wanted. Their steak salad is the best thing to eat here
5	Love love love cafe rio! Steak salad is amazing! Expect a wait though because everyone loves to eat here :)
4	This was my first time here and I was very surprised how long the line was, but it moved quickly. It's similar to Chipotle or Qdoba except they have more people working and more fish items. I got the 2 taco meal with barbacoa for the meat. Very different from barbacoa I've had at other places. It was sweet and kind of sugary. I really liked it and would get it again. The tacos come with lettuce, cilantro and pico de gallo with a side of rice and beans. They rush you through the line a little. They didn't offer cheese or sour cream, just asked if I wanted lettuce and pico. Probably a good thing though because I would've added those at it wouldn't have worked with the taste of the meat.
4	I love it. Everything is fresh and taste amazing.
4	I've always wandered into this location right as the lunch rush picks up. However, I never had a problem finding a table. Sure, the line can get pretty long, but you are watching your tortilla and basically your whole meal, be assembled right in front of you. Their employees have been fast and friendly. They should offer a class during non business hours to learn how to make tortillas. Their chicken is juicy (I always order a chicken quesadilla), their beans and rice fresh and flavorful. Thumbs up to their Horchata too, my all time favorite.Tip: To save time, you can order and pay ahead, as they have a separate to go/call in line available. Their kids free cheese quesadilla is the perfect size for littler guys. Ole!
5	I go to Cafe Rio on a regular basis (atleast once a week). Their Pork Salad and Tortilla Soup are great!  Their daily specials are also something to consider because those meals come with a drink. Personally I prefer Thursdays for their tamales. Cafe Rio also has a stamp card (if you don't have one, ask the cashier for one) which for every entree you order you earn a stamp and after ten stamps you earn a free meal (plus drink).Cafe Rio is definitely worth looking into; and if you're a burrito fan, enchilada style is a must!
1	Really good food, but they had 2 different menus. . I happened to look at the one on the wall that is closest to where you ordered. . I ordered 2 taco meal that says 7.99 with your choice of meat.  I chose carne asada with no extras like sour cream and guac .. I ordered a drink and my bill came out to 12.63.. a drink cost 2.19 how did it come out to that much. . I asked the cashier and she said they changed the prices on their other menu that I didn't even see.  They refused to refund or help the situation. . They need to change both menus because they are just confusing people
4	Try the sweet pork barbacoa burrito enchilada style with mild green sauce it's FANTASTIC!!!
1	They offer daily specials,  I always seem to get there when they run out.  Its happened more often then not!  I've been to the Eastern and Stephanie location on the same day a couple of times looking for the daily special with no luck.
2	I'm personally a big fan of Cafe Rio love their food. But this specific Cafe Rio always gets my order wrong. My wife and I are vegan and we just ask for no dairy and no meat. I come to this place frequently since it's a 5 minute drive from my apartment and I always order the same thing but they always get my order wrong. Something is always missing and when I tell them the problem they take FOREVER in fixing it. I've had to wait 45 min for them to fix a burrito which is pretty ridiculous. If this didn't happen so often I would rate it higher but it just happens way to often.
5	This fast food place delivers consistent great food and service at this location ONLY. I love their special of the day, especially the self serve drink options.  All their meal choices are excellent. It is probably the only fast food place that delivers what they offer. One place we can always count on for great fresh food and service.
4	Move over Chipotle, you just got burrito slapped by Cafe Rio. I can't think of one item on my plate that could be outdone by another fastish food Mexican restaurant. The tortilla was so fresh and I am still dreaming about it. The shredded chicken was my favorite while my boyfriend swears by the shredded pork. The creamy  tomatillo salad dressing was full of flavor, but the vinegarette was equally divine. This is a great place for Mexican food without having to sit and wait. However the lines can be really long during lunch and dinner hours so you can call ahead. Also, if you are taking your salad To-Go consider getting your tortilla on the side so it doesn't  get soggy on the ride home.
4	We started coming to Cafe Rio now instead of Chipotle.  We get a better bang for our $ since Chipotle kept skimming on the portion sizes. The ingredients at Cafe Rio are fresh and the portion sizes are big!!  You can watch them make fresh tortillas while you wait in line.
4	Great food for what is considered fast food!  While I usually get the enchiladas, I love the sweet pork barbacoa. Best quick option closest to what you might get from a traditional sit-down restaurant.
1	I've been going to cafe rio for a few years. Tonight I went and ordered a pork quesadilla with extra meat for a first time. I had ordered it to go and when I got home to open it I was very disappointed. They put meat inside, but seemed to have no cheese so the  tortillas didn't stick together and meat fell out everywhere. They never cut it into pieces so I had to use a knife and fork to cut the whole thing apart. It looked so unappetizing and looked like an open face taco, not a quesadilla. Very disappointed they would serve this.
1	My Family and I Love Cafe Rio. We had visited the location on Stephanie. The Service is Great.   A new Cafe Rio opened in My area at 65 E. Horizon Ridge and it was really close to my house. I have used this location several times. Tonight I have reached my final visit to that location. On 3 separate visits they have ran  out tortillas, Shredded chicken,  beans and tonight salad dressing. We waited in line for at least 1 hour. At other location that I have been to in Henderson. There is no problem with the line. You wait but the line keeps moving. This location the staff is never prepared. I complained tonight 11/14 between 6 and 7 pm.  I asked for A Manager and this unproffesicsl Girl said that's how it was left to her. And then just walked away.  I then said I will change my order that is ridiculous you have no dressing. I just waited for a hour. The girl at the second prep area  just rolls her eyes. After I lost my patience,  cause nobody in there really cares. It's Dinner time on a Friday Night and you are unprepared AGAIN and out of food.  At that moment a burrito gets thrown on the counter.. The Cashier could care less either..I'm Done... I tell my kids let's go. I said I will no longer use this location. I will drive farther just so I don't have to visit this store. I have never had a problem with the 509 N Stephanie Location.
2	I've been going to this location for years and had excellent service fast and efficient until today! The manager, Brie was very disrespectful and rude to her guests. She was at the register talking with her coworker when I so rudely interrupted her conversation to pay for my food. She continued to mutter words of disgust under her breath. Unfortunately I won't be giving this location my business any longer.
5	Fresh,delicious, and fast! Never had an issue here and been multiple times. I love the pork salad and mint limeaid. Personally I think it's way better than chipotle. For fast food mexican, I give this 5 stars. They even make the tortilla they use fresh right in front of you.
4	You had me at Queso Dip...Obviously I love their Queso.  It has such a rich and delicious flavor.  I could live off of that alone.  Enough about Queso... They have other good food.  Their grilled chicken salad is awesome! So huge and so filling.   The tortillas are all made there in the restaurant. They definitely compliment every meal they are included with.    -and yes the salad is also in a large tortilla.  The service here has always been consistent with a  very friendly staff.  They are helpful and accommodating to your choices and options.   Parking here is a bit cramped in the front and side.  There is always additional parking in back by Total Wine.  But it's obviously easy to find being located right off of Stephanie and Warm Springs.  I'll be back for more very soon!
4	Excellent home cooked fresh food made to order. Generous proportions, long line is possible, but food is excellent there's a reason the place so busy.... Eat inside or out!
