5	Miu Miu... also known as, Meow Meow.. is a little gem located inside Crystals. THE ONLY one you can find in Las Vegas which is nice considering high-end retail stores are located all over the strip making shopping less fun for the locals. Looks like the Italians know better. Although a lot of people aren't too familiar with the brand, I find that it is easily described as a secondary line of Prada designed by Miuccia Prada. Miu Miu being her nickname.This store is so carefully managed by a staff of the most innovative young people I have ever met. The customer service within those walls is impeccable and I am absolutely blown away every time I step foot in there..Upon entering I am swiftly greeted with a glass of champagne and directed to several different areas of the store also known as ''salons'' (Which I found charming, considering I am a hairdresser) as was told to me by the young lady who guided me around. Everyone there was more than helpful and all were full of smiles and immediate conversation. I was pleased to say least by my experience here and I would recommend this store to anyone who desires anything from a chic/funky handbag all the way to a sexy/serious heel. Come on Vegas, GET ON IT. Ed Hardy is dead.
5	The service was sooooo nice!  They offered us glasses of champagne while we shopped for the prettiest handbags, sunglasses and shoes.  I fell in love with some snakeskin platforms and some pink sunglasses.  The purchases are wrapped and handled with car and I heart the pretty pink and gold packaging!
5	Miu Miu is a great store for lovely quirky and young styles. I LOVE that the sales people dress kinda preppy hipster. This store was a bit smaller than the other one that I normally shop at back in CA, but it's a great store to swing in and load up on some goodies.
4	This store is great, I do very good at Miu Miu, I got a new pair of heels that I love.  The sizes and styles seem to fit me very well.
5	Customer service is great!! I was offered champagne and assistance as I looked around/tried on things. I've also made several phone orders and had no problem at all, they answered all my questions and even sent me photos of bags I was interested in. Love Miu Miu City Center !!
5	My sister and I went to Miu Miu during our stay in Vegas on xmas and the experience was nothing but wonderful. Everybody there is friendly, patient and helpful.Sure enough we came out from the store with 2 purses and 2 pair of shoes!
