4	Small but good Sushi restaurant. I had the "Fantasi" 8 pcs with raw Tuna on top. Very good and different since it has no seaweed paper.   They also of course have a regular Sushi and Sashimi menu where you can choose "a la carte".I also took the Shrimp tempura.  The tempura appetizer was excellent, batter was light and crispy, not over cooked or mushy like some places.If you are over 6 people, it might be tough to get a seat as the restaurant isn't that large. The restaurant is only 2 blocks from Langelier metro station, parking lot is crowded because of Jean Coutu, but I've seen way smaller than this.
5	The best Sushi that I have ever had. Try the Chef Menu. It is amazing, each dish is different and awesome. The fish is so fresh.Don't forget to bring your wine. There is a SAQ just beside.
3	Food is awesome; fresh, delicious, and artfully displayed. However, the service is slow and erratic. Avoid Saturday nights and big groups (I did both). Also, parking is difficult.
4	So far the best sushi I've had the honour of eating here in Montreal.Rolled well and with great flavours.My tuna steak was also good (and gone within 0.10sec).Prices are very reasonable, 2 people $65 (tip excluded), and we ate a lot: gyoza, 3 rolls, 2 ebi, 2 ama ebi, and the tuna steak.The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is because of the really long wait in between dishes. If you're in a hurry: don't go here, but if you want a nice long evening out with some amazing sushi: do go here.And bring some wine -wink wink-
4	This is a great little sushi place in the east end.  Tucked away in a strip mall the sushi here is delicious.  I had the Kazumi II option which gives you a chance to try a little bit of everything.  The soup was a miso broth loaded with different kinds of seafood like shrimps and scallops and was excellent.  There was also chicken teriyaki and sushi both of which were outstanding.The service isn't the greatest and hence why I docked the star.  The last time I went they forgot to bring stuff we'd ordered and overall they were a little on the slow side.  It is still worth the visit.  Be sure to make reservations though as it can be quite crowded especially on a weekend.  also note that it's a BYOB.  If you forget to bring wine there is a SAQ Express right next to it.
4	We are picky for sushis since I worked in a sushi restaurant and my brother owns one. went there for a good friend's bday.It was very affordBable and the SAQ 5 meters away is very convenient.I would go back.Waiting might be a little long.
3	Decent, bit far from the best sushi in MTL. A bit overpriced for the level of quality you get, and also quite noisy.
