3	My carpets hadn't been professionally cleaned in about 4.5 years.  I received several ads for OxiFresh in the Valpak and was sold on their environmentally friendly cleaning process.  I called and was given a decent price over the phone.  A couple days later, someone was here an hour earlier than the scheduled time (they called to let us know).The first thing I noticed is that there is no truck.  Their process is pretty efficient and using a handheld machine; however it is much different than the Rug Doctors you rent at the grocery store.  It is lightweight with brushes all the way around it on the bottom.  The solution they use is Oxy Powder and they use an enzyme spray for some tougher spots and stains.  All of it is environmentally friendly and safe for pets and children.  The process was pretty quick, and although many spots and stains were removed, some are still there.  He did get most of the larger stains out and also some bird poop from around our bird cage.  Although the house smells nice and clean, the carpets just aren't as bright as I would have like them to be.  Since very little water is used in the process, the carpets dried within an hour or so.    I think some of the stains not being removed is probably due to not having the carpets cleaned for so long.  There are also some things like actual wear on the carper which will not come out no matter what.The bottom line is that I liked the process, the tech was friendly, the price was fair (there were no upsells), but I would have like the carpets to look a little brighter.  I may try one of the chemical places next time just to see if they do a better job.
5	After being scammed on Living Social by another company I called these guys. I am 8 months pregnant (and we had already moved all our furniture into the garage) and when the other company I called didnt show up yesterday I quickly went to my ValuePack coupons and found Oxi Fresh. They were able to schedule me for 7am today.They showed up on time. The three rooms took about 45 min to clean. They don't use harsh chemicals so it's safe for my 3 year old and 2 cats. The floors were dry in about and hour and a half. The stains came up and my floors look great! I would recommend them to anyone and will be using them again in the future!
