4	One of the best venues to see world music in the city, this space has a dancing capacity of about 250, cover charge is generally well under 20$ and worth it for the stunning mix of gypsy, reggae, jazz funk everything music you can see here pretty much any night of the week. Local legendary musical improv collective Kalmunity calls this space their home on Tuesday nights where anywhere from 6 to 25 or more musicians will spontaneously create live multilingual soul jazz trip hip hop like you've never heard it including visiting gospel singers, a killer horn section, a drummer who can make you weep, and constant singalongs and surprises. Bobards has big front windows and some sidewalk seating making it an ok spot for an after work pint facing St Laurent and, across the street, the park on Marie-Anne (yes, Leonard Cohen's Marie-Anne.) The only downside to this place is the smell - you don't notice it during a packed show, but when I've come for an early pint the smell of the cleaner that they use has been lingering with that particular brand of bar-y noxious. That comes with the territory I guess, but all that ammonia or whatever it is can't be good for whoever is in charge of sloshing it about each day.
5	This review is for my Kalmunity experience at Les Bobards---I came here to see Kalmunity vibe collective on a Tuesday night. The cover was about 10 dollars and well worth it. It was absolutely amazing and without hesitation one of the best nights of my life and unlike any other experience I've had involving live music. Les Bobards is a great space and the place was vibrant with music, poetry, people, and dancing. It was really crowded be we managed to get a space near the the front where we sat completely engaged with the performance. I live in NYC and I can't to think of another place like this that has such an unreal vibe...I dream of coming back here, and truly cant wait to visit again.
5	I came here on an early Friday night while on a day drinking adventure in the area.  I can say that this place could be awesome because the vibe I got.  The particular day I was here St Laurent was closed so plenty of tables were setup outside, and people were really laid back.  Pretty decent beer selection, not knowing much of the beer culture in the area I was corrected and the bartender highly suggested I get another which I gladly drank.This place reminds me of a bar I spent a lot of time in college, the plus side of this place was the restroom was clean.
2	I went there with friends to have a drink around 5pm on a Friday night...  There was a happy hour special on some hard liquor and beer which was fine... But the place was disgusting and dirty... I'm going to skip the bathroom (with revolving doors) cleanliness as I might get too graphic.I heard that it's a good place to watch rock band... Maybe if the lights would have closed I wouldn't have been so disgusted by the place.
