5	You know me and my spontaneous pullovers when I see a bakery sign.Today I was pleasantly surprised, I have never been to an authentic Mexican Bakery. I felt a little intimidated not knowing what things were even though everything looked amazing.The names were in Spanish but not the prices. I'm telling you, what a steal they were! I have never seen such delicacies at prices that even a child could afford.I Mean look at this Gorgeous not to mention Scrumptious "Encocado" (see pics)........brace your self...... it was .75 cents!!!!!!!  Layers of flaky pastry topped with toasted coconut and sugar, finished of with a dollop of Bavarian cream.DO you even know what Heaven tastes like, I do now. I also got and equally scrumptious "Riel de Queso" only $1.25 and OMG insanely good, crispy and tender pastry filled with cream cheese has got to be one of my favorites and this was out of this world! (see pics)Miguel the owner has been in the family business since he was 10 years old, this location, open for 7 months, is a branch off from the original location in Glendale that has been opened for 25 years.Miguel was extremely friendly and explained what all the  tempting treats were, they do custom orders, platters and cakes along with homemade tortillas and red and green chile. Stop in help support a true local gem. You will be hooked I guarantee it!Located in the same strip mall as The French Bee** Hours are Tuesday -Saturday 7am to 7pm    Sunday 7am to 1pm     CLOSED on Mondays
4	I grew up on these pasteries. Every Mothers day, Easter, Christmas, you name it, dad would get up at 4:30 to wait in line with every hispanic family in Phoenix to get a big pink box full of pasteries. I still get them some 20 years later every chance I get, they just do an incredible job. The Pina Empanadas with the extra flaky crust are quite possibly the best baked good I have ever eaten in my life. Yes, better than Tammie Coe, better than Sprinkles, etc. If you come in on the weekend past say 7:30 you're going to have slim pickins as all the good stuff gets gobbled up early.
5	How can you go wrong with tortillas and pastries in one location?  I honestly don't understand how this little Mexican bakery stays in business  given everything is practically free. My hubby and I bought two empanadas for me (like a little pie or turnover), flan for him, a dozen tortillas, and 2 red burritos.  I guess you need to get there early because they were out of red tamales at 2 pm on a Friday.  The empanadas were baked just to golden brown and the crust was so flaky and delicious words cannot describe it.  I had lemon and cherry, but I wanted to try one of everything.  The red chili in the burritos was mild but very flavorful.  Luckily they are wrapped in foil because I couldn't wait to get home to devour mine.  They could double their prices and I would still come back!I forgot to mention the bakery is spotless, so clean I would eat off the floor if I had to.
3	Just went today after reading the reviews.  The place is really clean and neat.  When I went in, a guy came out form the back ready to help me.  The pastries and baked goods were labeled all in Spanish so I had no idea what was what.  Most of them were on average $0.60 each.  I guess it was obvious since he started explaining to me what each one was.  I bought 5 pastries = $4.50 and 1 dozen homemade tortillas = $2.50.....AMAZING price right?  I ate the cream filled round bread with powdered sugar on top (Sorry, I don't remember the name) right after I got home and it was yummy!  The pie crust with pineapple filling is really good too.  The sugar coated bread was a little dry.*Price = REALLY CHEAP*Food = yummy so far*Ambiance = comfortable, nice, friendly
4	Was in the area due to the Chinese New Year festival at the cofco center. After falling in love with all the Mexican pastries at Phoenix Ranch Market I did some research on other various valley Panaderia. This one poped up on Yelp and I had been looking for a good excuse to make it here for a long time. Today was that day! I figured at least if I had a melt down it was on a day I was supposed to cheat :PWalked in and there were a few families sitting at the tables inside the small space enjoying their weekend special of menudo. First thing I noticed was not only were they a bakery but they also made some Mexican lunch/dinner items as well. That was going to have to wait for another day. I was here to collect sweets for after dinner.The gentlemen behind the counter was extremely nice and patient as I looked everything over 10 or 20 times. You'll have to excuse my gringoness as I explain the items I wasn't familiar with.Square, Baked Coconut, Custard Pastry:A type of phyllo dough that had a hole cut in the center which was filled with a custard. The top of the pastry was sprinkled with shredded sweetened coconut and baked golden brown. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/FxEJjLZj6UdsOCGcgEufeA?select=_laOfCHYOXa9CuUJRabhFgCoconut Sweet Bread:Usually when you see these dome shaped breads they have a pretty dense texture. When we tore into this is was super surprised to find that it was more of a croissant texture. It had been dipped in a sugar glaze then into sweetened coconut flakes. *drool* man I love coconut. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/FxEJjLZj6UdsOCGcgEufeA?select=ZZiHJoOBXRJedGpydREX8gEmpanadas De Calabazas(Pumpkin):Classic cinnamon spiced pumpkin empanada. It was less skimpy on the filling them I'm used to. It was very nice and even more amazing when we dipped it in some honey we had on the table at dinner. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/FxEJjLZj6UdsOCGcgEufeA?select=lxtBwRYlOKChEhH4zXze9QI have come to appreciate Mexican pastries because they tend to be less sugar laden then American sweets. This means I can eat and enjoy them without feeling as sugar comma'ed as I normally would. I would have to say this bakery has veered a bit towards the American pallet and gone a little heavier on the sugar but still very mild compared to an American pastry/doughnut.Its local, the people are nice, the prices affordable, everything fresh. I can't think of a single reason not to come and show some support every now and again. You will pay a little more here then you would at food city or pros ranch but the quality is there.
4	I stopped by early this morning to satisfy my crave for something new. The place is very clean and a man came out to greet me and was ready to serve. He clearly explained every item I was curious about since the labels were in Spanish. I asked if his name was Miguel and he said yes. I told him I read about his bakery on Yelp. Then he said that he loves Yelp and that's how word is going around now for him and he also uses to find reviews on other places. He was very friendly and had lots of patience. I was the only customer at the time and he actually doesn't mind having a conversation unlike open ended talks with others. I ended up buying 10 pastries and it cost $6.80. What a great deal!They also sell other items such as tamales, burritos, and menudo. I inquired about the burritos cuz I like mine with a little kick,but unfortunately they weren't ready yet. He showed me the homemade tortillas and he says he used them on the burritos. He said they don't look big, but he assured that the burritos are filled with red (mild) or green (with a kick) chili, shredded pork, and some potatoes. He said that one burrito is good to fill up a person. So...I must come back and try it. So far I've had the flaky pastry with the shredded coconut and Bavarian cream...the Bavarian wasn't as creamy than I'm used to. I almost thought it would have been better off to not have it, but it's a nice added flavor when you eat it all together rather than just tasting the Bavarian on its on. I had that curvy, pretty looking pastry which is topped with crystal sugars and with all the sugar on top, I thought it might be too sweet, but nope. It was just fine with the pineapple filling (excuse me as I wipe my drool). Then it was off to have the caramel flautas dusted with powdered sugar. The first bite was eh. The second bite was...um. Third bite, WOW! I finally reached the part that had more caramel in it and I LOVE IT!!! Did I mention that I'm not a big fan of caramel? This caramel is sweet and creamy. It's just so good! A definitely must have for next time.That's about as much my tummy let me eat for today. I'm sure the rest will be just as good and I can't wait till tomorrow morning to try to rest of my goodies.
5	I am a Phoenix/Glendale native and have grown up on many of the different mexican bakeries over the past 50 years or so here in the valley.Our family has always kept the bakery items as a special occasional treat and we have not found any that are as good as La Purisima...we used to go to the one in Glendale...but then moved to the east valley and only got these little treats on the rare occasion we would be in Glendale...then we found the one in Phoenix!  Still far, but we will sometimes make a trip just for the pastries (pan de huevo). I am hispanic and love their tamales---(very good masa) and they have good tortillas as well.  I could continue to rave on this place forever....well worth the trip!!  Only downfall is CASH ONLY---but it's understandable during these tough times.Update  July 2012--the bakery is now called La Promesa--still as good--and they take credit cards now!Update--Name has been changed back to La Purisima and they are on a cash only system again.  Still same great quality.  Just bought my masa for our annual tamales from them again.
5	Burritos are extremely good and the pastries are awsome.......especially with a cup of a hot beverage.  I especially like the flauta with cheese or flauta with cajeta.   Nothing like grabbing a green burrito, mexican pepsi, and then a flauta to for a business lunch.  I've taking a few of my collegues here and they have loved it as well.
5	This bakery is very charming and has amazing pastries. I usually get the Empanada de queso and the Empanada de mango (only .60 each!). They have the best, best, best empanadas I've ever had!I've only had pastries but I can't wait to try the burritos and tamales because I've heard nothing but good things about them.
5	Best green chile tamales I've ever had (though I have not eaten too many tamales)!  And only $1.30 each!  I revisited the bakery to buy a 1/2 dozen more!  Tamales I've eaten in the past have been dry and flavorless- these are the total opposite- moist and packed w/ pork and masa.  Flavorings were just right for me- not spicy but still flavorful.I also tried 3 different empanadas- queso, guava & mango- all delicious and $.65 each. Flaky crust with oozy filling.  Like another Yelper said, they could have totally charged more- it was pretty empty & quiet when I stopped in here (middle of a weekend afternoon) so they may be busier at other times.  The lady behind the counter was very patient with me, as I asked her what everything was and pondered over what to purchase.
5	Great Green Chile Burros and Tamales and awesome Pastries!
5	I'm hesitant to say that this is the greatest Yelp find of 2011, only because I want to keep the goodies ALL TO MYSELF! But then I realize that maybe one day I can't get down there, and then they close, and then how would I live?! The people who operate the newly dubbed "La Promesa" bakery are AH-MAHZING, and the food is just as equally AH-MAHZING! I came too early to grab the fabled green burrito but I did snag a few green chile tamales (moist and packed full of shredded meat), assorted fruit pastries (flakey and DELISH), and some homemade tortillas. My only regret is that we had stopped here on the way to the State Fair and it made all of that would-be delightful fair food pale in comparison. That, and La Promesa is closed on Sundays... WHAT'S UP WITH THAT?!
5	La Promesa is a great bakery.  The empanadas here and at La Purisima are the best around, perfect flakey crust combined with delectable fillings.  Strawberry, lemon, apple, cherry, pineapple, all scrumptious and free of preservatives.  This place is great if your in the east side and can't get to La Purisima in Glendale, both shops are family owned and are of equal quality.
4	A single sampling of the Almond Concha proved to be light and airy on the interior with eggy notes and a bit of butter beneath a crackling sugar topping.  Definitely something different and definitely delicious despite not tasting much like almond I have to say this item gave me hope for Mexican pastry in general - definitely a place to consider the next time I head down Indian School Road.
5	I had my first visit here on the way home from work off of the 51 & Indian school as I was desperately searching for a bakery. Since this place is in a predominantly Hispanic area, I was a little apprehensive to visit as sometimes people can treat you a little differently if you don't speak Spanish (I am Mexican & Japanese but all gringa on the inside).  When I entered, I was greeted in English by a very nice lady struggling with replacing the paper in the cash register. She finished up and proceeded to help explain all of the goodies and different types of Conchas behind the counter. I ended up getting a dozen fresh tortillas, 4 sweet breads and 2 Empanadas for only $7.75.  I managed to devour one of the sweet breads on the way home and  was NOT disappointed. It was light and airy with notes of vanilla and by far the freshest I ever had. I will absolutely be back to this bakery and am eager to also try their tamales one day. If you don't mind the neighborhood, be sure to stop by, you won't regret it!
5	Was searching yelp for some baked goods while waiting for the hubby at QT and came across this lovely little gem! Prices are crazy cheap! And they sell homemade tortillas! Say whaaaaaat!? Bought a dozen for $2.50! And got an array for pastries all for under $8! I can't believe it! Lol definitely the place to go for dessert and sweet tooth fix on a budget! Can't wait to try the tortillas for dinner tonight! We will be coming back to this shop! Yay! :-)
4	bottom line:Mexican bakery with a huge selection of mexican 'pan dulce' (sweet breads)... things run around .70 and up, depending on complexity.Their cochinitos are what I get... and their conchas are super fluffy inside and beat any Pro's Ranch Market conchas!
5	Delicious!!! Three pastries, a bolillo and a tamale for $4.55. The red tamale had amazing flavor and just the right proportions of meat to masa. The masa was a bit sweeter than I am used to but very authentic. Heavenly! I will be back. It is CASH ONLY though.
5	So many goodies here and for about .70 cents each. Staff was super nice and very helpful explaining what each dessert was. Will go there again yum
5	Love this place...........not much of Pan Dulce selection but what they hav is Deeeeeelicious!!! My  favoritesare the Tamales and thei Flautas de cajeta......tamales are meaty n the bombay!!!  And the Flautas de cajeta are just the right sweetness to curve my sweet tooth. Great people, great place.
4	Great Pan Dulce......Delicious Tamales......great food......Its their first anniversary and the had free food n bread, everything was splendid and bombay!!! Would give them a 5 but they only accept cash........oh yea forgot their cake was DELICIOUS!!!!
5	This location is a bit smaller than the West Side store but just as clean and offering the same variety of sweets. The ladies who work the counter are always in the best of moods and on this visit even remembered my usual order.  I was exceptionally famished as I was post hike and really needed to fill my tank so I tore right into that red chili burrito right there in the parking lot. If you want fresh off the belt (hot to the touch) tortillas, you'll have to go to the WS location. Bring your own butter!No Cards- Cash Only
5	I saw so many good reviews that I knew I wanted to make this one of our stops. I'm so glad we did. We got a cannoli, a blueberry tartlet and a baba rhum. I had no idea what baba rhum was, but quickly learned it much mean cake drenched in rum. My husband order this and had rum just running down his arms. It was incredibly messy, but oh so good. I would bet they need to make sure your over 21 for this dessert, because boy was it strong. I'd suggest making this a stop to eat in, as the dining area was nice and it would have been more enjoyable to sit down and savor the desserts, with a cup of coffee, than to eat out on the sidewalk as we did.
