1	I created my account finally just to make note that this location is one mile away from the hotel I'm staying at (downtown Phoenix across from u.s. Airways center and it's "not in their delivery range".   Between that and the other location that closes at 5:00 on friday and Saturday I'm not really sure how jimmy johns stays in business
3	$5 sub, that was plain. I had to ask for mustard... Doesn't that usually come in a sandwich? Also, it said on the menu, cucumbers... False advertising, much. Their bathroom was clean, and decorated funny, though.
1	This was by far the WORST experience that I have had at a Jimmy Johns. The staff appeared to not enjoy being there, I asked for hot peppers and my sandwich cut in half and got home to realize that neither happened and my sandwich barely had any dressing. It was also freaky slow. Disappointing because I typically love grabbing a Jimmy!
4	Good as other JJ's I tried in Cincinnati.   Polite and fast service.   Restrooms were open and clean.
4	I am old enough to know the benefits of a sure thing. In my earlier years I was okay with taking a chance more often but now, in my early thirties, I find that having a known quantity in life is very valuable. Jimmy John's is that known quantity. If I am ever on the fence, not sure what I want, low on time, I can go to this place and KNOW that I am going to get a good sandwich, at a good price, and made very quickly. I really like knowing these things in life.Thankfully JJ's came through and took over this ex-Quiznos location. I was never a fan of Quiznos and apparently the rest of the area seemed to agree because they obviously didn't make it. The location is pretty easy to get to residing on the Northwest corner of a fairly busy intersection. It if off downtown a bit but that works out for me considering where I work. Lots of windows in the place makes for wonderful natural lighting in a standard Jimmy John's decor. Inviting I would say.The sandwiches are good. I have never had a bad sandwich here, just a bad combination, and that is my fault. I like to try different combinations and every once in a while I have to find out on my own I don't like certain mixtures. If I ever come in for the previously mentioned "sure thing", I am going with the Italian Night Club. Salami, capicola, ham, provolone, and all the fixins with lettuce, tomato, onion, ma... You get the gist of it. Fresh ingredients with really good bread. Once you find your combo, I am certain you will be happy with the integrity of the individual ingredients.Now, this place isn't akin to the artisan offerings in the area. I get that. I know of several different places that serve very delicious food just around the corner. But they aren't as fast or of the same value. I am talking about the consistency here. We once tried the BBQ place across the parking lot (20 paces) from this JJ's and it wasn't that good. I feel for a place that can't cut it in such a good location but that is what business is all about I think. Consequently, they are no longer in that shop. There is a place called So We Meat Again down the road as well. It's a great sandwich but the speed and price aren't the same. I still go there, but not as often. I simply value things differently in different situations I suppose.
1	Worst customer experience ever, very funny you'll want to read this. We used to take turns at the office to get food from here a couple times a week, never again. We would spend close to $80 a week but they can kiss that money goodbye. I walk in and buy the office lunch about $40 worth. I ask the kid behind the counter if he could help bag the sandwiches. He won't look at me or talk to me so I have to repeat myself. I said, ''Hey I just spent $40 can you help me bag the food?'' the manager screams across the whole line at me ''WE DON'T DO THAT HERE! YOU WANT IT BAGGED DO IT YOURSELF!'' I was shocked obviously and told him this is ridiculous but wasn't that suprised as they have a ton of problems at this location and the manager is a child. I told him we spend a lot of money in here, that's completely unacceptable to scream at a customer. He just laughed and encouraged his young staff to do the same. I stood there in shock and with a cocky grin he just nodded to the door. Like I said he's a man child, the other people in the office will go in one day and request something like extra this or that and some days they will do it and the next they won't. He'll deny ever doing it the next day even though he took the same special request the day before. I just left laughing because any grown man that acts like that obviously is only qualified to work at a place where the average age of an employee is 16 and makes minimum wage, he sure showed me right. I wrote Jimmy Johns on their corporate site and told them what happened. Their response was ''you can't expect us to bag every sandwich we make''. That was it, no apology. And I guess that's true even if I was the only customer in the whole restaurant. You can't just expect the sticker kid to stop what he's doing and put a few sandwiches in a bag. He might lose track of a sticker or fall behind. This was months ago. No word back and they still haven't seen any more of our money. I see very similar reviews on here so it seems like common a thing. It is a pretty ridiculous request even though Subway, Mr. Goodcents, Jersey Mikes, and every other one of their competitors wraps the finished product. They're special for sure.
3	Maybe it was the after lunch rush but the entry doors were hazy from being wiped and tables weren't cleaned. If you want S&P best bring your own.
4	I love this location because it has a drive-Thru! Order online and when I get there it is ready. Have not had any problems with customer service or food quality. I have picked up in the drive-thru twice and was out of there in minutes. Perfect place to grab a quick lunch without having to park. Yay drive-thru!
