1	Do not, I repeat do not, waste your time at this dealership. Instead, go to MARK KIA and be treated fairly and professionally. Bill, the car salesman, comes off as a nice guy but ends up to be a liar who is filled with bottomless promises. Their numbers were completely out of whack and they tried to take advantage of me. The sales manager, Tito, is an arrogant, rude, and lying person. They promised to match specials at MARK KIA, but in the end were completely off in their numbers. This dealership was so awful that I left the dealership and walked home filled with frustration. After I left Camelback Kia, the sales manager from MARK KIA happened to call me and discuss real scenarios and he was extremely professional. MARK KIA was such a pleasant experience that I went to their dealership one hour after leaving camelback kia, and purchased an amazing car at an amazing number. Do not go to camelback kia- INSTEAD, GO TO MARK KIA TO PURCHASE YOUR CAR. I am so glad that I purchased my kia Optima from MARK KIA and not camelback kia. IF YOU MUST GO TO CAMELBACK KIA - DO NOT DO ANY BUSINESS WITH BILL (SALESMAN) AND TITO (SALES MANAGER)
1	Since January of this year we did a trade in it was one lie after it seems nobody wants to take  responsibility when they tell you something will never deal with them again
5	The guys in the service department are really great!!  I read the negative reviews, and was expecting bad service, this has been great!  I look forward to coming back for my next experience!
1	Absolute WORST customer service I've ever experienced in my life. Please do not waste your hard earned money on these clowns, they're all so great and helpful until you drop $30K on a brand new car - that's where the relationship ends. Totally LIED TO about deals, TAKEN ADVANTAGE OF, and treated like an idiot. Not only did my sales person John (you know who you are) try to gyp me out of the deals I had come in there to receive in the hopes that I wouldn't have educated myself ahead of time, but when I get back to the finance department to sign my contracts, the guy was trying to rush me through the paperwork hoping I wouldn't notice that all the deals and discounts my salesperson had "sold" me on (once I brought them up myself and he pretended he wasn't aware of them) weren't even included! My monthly payment was $120 MORE THAN WHAT WE HAD AGREED ON in the sales office!! Luckily I'm not an idiot and read the paperwork - ALWAYS READ YOUR CONTRACTS, PEOPLE!!!Not to mention, I was promised my first month's payment covered - they told me I'd receive a check in the mail within 10 days to cover my first month payment if I "signed today". That's all they want is you to sign the dotted line so they can F*** you over and never talk to you again. That's exactly what happened - my bill has now arrived for the monthly payment and no such check has arrived. Every time I call to check on the process, I get the run around. I either get voicemail after voicemail, or someone will say "Oh absolutely, I'll look into that right away" and they never call back. OVER A MONTH I've been trying to get in contact with someone there - ANYONE - and I get the run around. Total BS.Please don't waste your time and money here. Go to Mark Kia right down the street, I've heard they're much better and actually respect their customers, unlike the jerks here at Camelback.
1	Most people go in to the car buying experience expecting things to go terribly. I went in with a positive attitude, but Camelback Kia did everything in their power to make sure that I did in fact have that terrible experience. I was at the dealership for about 4 hours even though I knew the two specific vehicles that I wanted to see. I wasn't shown either vehicle, and every time I asked to see those cars, they acted completely oblivious and just started talking about something else. It was the strangest thing. That night I went online and found a Kia Soul at a competing Kia dealership in south Scottsdale. I went there the following day and bought the car because they actually showed it to me. I could have been the easiest sale ever for these guys. Since this ordeal, Camelback Kia has probably called me 20 times. Each time they call, I ask them to take me off of their list and they fall all over themselves  apologizing for "losing my business" and they promise that they will remove me from their call list immediately. Well, here we are almost a month later and they are still calling and clueless in regards to my situation. I'm typically a pleasant individual, but these people have me heated. So, Camelback Kia, here is my message to you: every phone call I get from you moving forward, I will copy/paste this review and add it to an additional review site. Yelp first, DealerRater next, then Cars.com and Google. And please, don't bother responding to this review.
5	Rob S. at Camelback Kia was professional and informative!  We haven't purchased yet, but I'd definitely come back. He wasn't pushy and had a lot of great things to say about the brand and the dealership. A positive experience!
5	I received nothing but the BEST experience! Orlando was so attentive to what I was looking for and what I could spend. I never EVER felt pushed or harassed by him and the entire team. I really can not say enough about these wonderful people and Orlando...trust me if you want to purchase any vehicle at this location Orlando is the man to see! He will take excellent care of you and listen to your needs! -Cynthia Pottinger(a very happy customer)
1	Typical car salesmen. I will not buy from them ever. My wife and I came in with specific models and prices and they did not work with us. They were rude and made us very uncomfortable. Disrespectful and a huge waste of time.
1	I went in to buy a car at the tent event... Camelback Kia rep did not have one I wanted in my price range so they put me in a sportage with promise to switch me into another vehicle as soon as they got one that met my needs for "the same terms" they LIED.. it was a bait and switch... other vehicle I was put in is higher cost... contract different... major problems with the vehicle... they say they are tryng to fix it.. but weeks have gone by.. and nothing is resolved... I found out I was not the only one with problems like this... I would STRONGLY advise NEVER BUYING anything from CAMELBACK KIA.
1	From start to finish this place is the wrong place to buy a vehicle. One word describes it. Terrible!!!!
5	I worked with Rhon the salesman and we was as professional and friendly as they get. I felt as though the entire process was up front and honest. Alex and Regina in finance were top of the line as well. I truly would recommend them to friends and family. Thanks a ton for all of the wonderful assistance! I will be back for my next vehicle!
5	I was so upset and unsatisfied with my first purchase at Camelback Kia, I DEFINITELY REGRETED getting a car from this place.After  Mr. John Yoccabel called and insisted I come in to get me a better deal, I did not believe him, nor did I care to go in. I was very hesitant. HE DID NOT HARASS ME AT ALL! I did NOT  feel pressured and I did not feel obligated to go in. After a few conversations, I felt comfortable enough with Mr. John Yoccabel to discuss my situation, I explained the issues I had before, and what I was in search for. He was patient and answered ALL my questions. So I finally went in and he gave me a break down of every question and concerns I had and I NEVER FELT PRESSURED! In fact, he offered several options for me! A week later I decided to go back and purchase a car I was happy with! Thank you Mr. Yoccabel for being patient & not rushing us! If you're interested in a vehicle I suggest you visit camelback  Kia and ask for  Mr. John Yoccabel! John YoccabelSales & Leasing ConsultantCamelback Kia1450 E. Camelback RoadPhoenix, Arizona 85014(602) 639-5100 Main(602) 809-9470 Mobilejyoccabel@camelbackkia.com
1	I'm back AGAIN .. Boy this really sucks ..Now I'm here at the service dept because I have a leak somewhere and my breaks are Squeaking .. So much for a new 2014 car ... Thanks Kia for making my new car experience turn into a night mare ..
