4	Coming home, tired, and hungry.  A little spicy fried chicken and biscuits hits the spot.  It's what you would expect, it's fast food.  The order taker was friendly and the order was correct.  Most importantly, it tasted good.  Go there.
4	Disclaimer, I was raised in New Orleans, and miss good Poor Boys, Crawfish, Boiled shrimp, Jambalaya  etc.... yadda yadda yadda, hear me whine... I try to be lenient when I go somplace because it's unreasonable to expect to find the food here that I would at the Magazine St. Po Boy shop. I was also raised on popeyes, every once in awhile I would hop off the Streetcar on the way to school and get a Chicken Biscuit w/cheese. And frequrntly I would get a 4 piece spicy, and even though it was a chain, it was a local chain with massive quality control. (and yes, odds are those years are most likely why over the past 3 years I've lost 250 pounds!.... Moderation kids!)Over the years, the chain was sold off, the original owner died, and Popeye's became more hit and miss, especially the further you got away from the south.Heck, you get your hopes up just to see a Popeye's!usually the stand alone's are better, and the ones attached to Gas stations are hideous.  I've tried a few in the Phoenix area, And have been generally unimpressed. Not horrible, but just... a very thin flavorless crust.So it was with trepedation that I went into this location, a drive through, attatched to a gas station.I went for a box of chichen w/biscuits. and I can say it was the best I've had in the city so far.The man at the window was friendly, the chicken was fresh, good, solid breading. With enough heat to give a nice depth of flavor, cutting a bit deeper than other chains would dare... which is what Popyes is all about. (I'm used to some blazing hot chicken... not stupid mind you, just HOT.. this is not that, but a good flavor. With good moist flesh, and thick crunchy skin. And the meal made the travel home well.One downside? I'm just not a fan of these biscuits, they werent old... but they were dry... and lack the lush, buttery flavor and texture that I love. These were more dense and hockypuckish than I prefer.If your craving some Popeye's chicken... well, lets put it this way,,, I'll be driving 20 minutes out of my way to go here.This is my first time... so Your Milage May Vary.. Sidenote, I'n no Church's Chicken fan, but I went to the one on Arizona Avenue... and I've got to say, thats some fine spicy chicken! And cheap! And a big box of fried okra makes The Bride very pleased indeed!
4	best gotdamn spicy chicken ever (for fast food)!!!!!! it is so juicy everytime that i just can't enough of this place.
4	Armed with a 2-for-1 coupon, I wanged in here today for a first visit ever to a Popeye's, to pig it up.  I went with a pair of 2-piece combos, including a spicy leg & thigh & a regular breast & wing, plus mashed potatoes & gravy, corn on the cob, 2 biscuits, & a help-yourself coke.This is a small, comfortable restaurant situated inside a Circle K, here in "No picture taking" Guadalupe, Arizona!The chicken was crispy outside, juicy inside, cooked just right, & delicious, especially the spicy!  Everything else was good too, including the full-sized corn on the cob which was not overcooked, as it has often been for me at KFC.  This was a great fast food meal, beating both KFC & Church's, in my opinion, & just one cluck away from 5 Stars!     :-))2 Piece Combo:  $5.59 including beverage.
3	My order is not that difficult.... 3 of the same thing. One is spicy the others are mild. Then I got the excuse of the person taking the order. Black Friday and I am tired. More like get the wax out ya ears!!!
4	Best Popeye's I've been to in years.  Peeling the batter off the back of the juicy deep fried chicken breast made me think I was back in New Orleans. Just wish they had the onion rings.
1	The worst dining experience I have had in over 20 years. The manager had no control over the staff or the experience to manage anyone! Her answer to everything was, just a second even after letting them know I had not received my food and people after me were already taken care of and gone. She had no idea how to manage staff let alone manage a business. I finally got my money back after waiting 45 minutes for chicken, popcorn shrimp and chicken fingers, simple food that was already prepared but with their ineptness they could not even figure out to complete. If you go, get a good look at the kid at the counter who walked from side to side but went unnoticed by the manager and he stood there with a blank stare on his face and could not even manage to put chicken in a box, whoever hired this manager and the inept, useless individual behind the counter, you should be fired!
4	Reminiscent of the old Popeye's that was in a gas station down the street from me off Thornydale in Tucson.  The sole Tucson Popeye's left now on the east side pales in comparison to this one.  This is one is hot, fast and cheap; exactly what you would want.  They are on the ball in putting together the orders and getting them into the customer's hands quickly.  The food tastes delicious.  I had the Shrimp Po-Boy and it was the bomb, just like Mister Ed's in Metairie, LA.  I could eat one every week (I used to when I lived there)!  The Red Beans and Rice was spicy good too.  They both made me long for going back to N'Awlins again just for a dining spree.My grandson thought the mild chicken tender in his kid's meal was not spicy enough but then he eats his Taco Bell with fire sauce.  He liked the Cajun Fries too.  My wife got the mild Chicken Po-Boy.  She said the chicken was light (not greasy at all) and flavorful (not too spicy).  Her only complaint is that she could have used one more chicken strip if it was going to be served on such a large bun.  There was a lot more bread than chicken.  The fries were standard seasoned fare, she wishes she would have tried a different side.If we lived here I would be a regular customer.   Somehow, I'll have to settle for waiting for our annual trip to Arizona Mills.
1	I'm so mad at this location. I'm grabbing lunch with my boyfriend and we pulled up to this location. We ordered 2 holiday specials both with red beans and rice but one with mashed potatoes. I pull up to the window and ask the lady if I could change my mashed potatoes to Cajun fries. She said it would be an extra few minutes I said ok and we waited. She finally handed us our food and our debit  card I asked her for hot sauce, buffalo sauce, and honey. She huffed and rolled her eyes at me. Smh I was so upset. I love their food it's great but their customer service is so horrible!!!!
2	Went one time.. They messed up the order.. Forgot my mash potatoes and the chicken wasn't good at all.. The worse popeyes I've been to and I've been to alot
3	I don't seem to ever like any food chain that is attached to a circle k...  matter a fact I avoid circle k.  Instead of this Popeyes I drive to the one just a couple miles away on Broadway and Hardy. It's worth the trip.
1	If there's a negative star I'd do that,  but unfortunately,  I need to put a rating just so I could write a review, every single time that we take out food from this place they always mess it up! They always get it wrong and it's annoying,  one time we just let it go cause it's too much effort and gas just to go back and have our order replaced.  It's annoying.
3	This is your typical Popeye's Louisiana Kitchen gas station location, but serving up some decent chicken. There isn't a great many free standing Popeye's locations here in the Valley, while it's former corporate sister Church's, seem to have nothing but free standing places. I have a friend who use to own two franchises in the Midwest back in the day. He and everyone who ever met Popeye's founder, Al Copeland thought the world of him. Copeland had this NOLA style, Horatio Alger story. Rags to riches, back to rags... well, not quite.  But in the end, Copland had enough to leave a bunch of money to LSU.  Not bad for a high school dropout.The secret, as most Popeye aficionados will tell you, is to come here when they are running special. Like Tuesdays, when the special is 2 pieces of chicken, biscuit and a drink for $3.99. Otherwise, it can be just as expensive as the Colonels' place. But Popeye's chicken is better!  Oh, how I miss the MSG laced Cajun Sparkle.  It was better than coffee. LOL. Three Stars, A-Okay.
2	I love popeyes chicken but this location wasn't as good as I had in Atlanta and Arlington.  Every table in the place was dirty. Chicken was not great seemed to be sitting to long. Won't come to this location again.
2	THIS Popeye location is more of a joke then a restaurant . Getting it wrong from what I read is there specialty. Wow it managed PRETTY bad it seems like they have somewhere else they need to be and asking and PAYING  for you should get is WELL GOOD LUCK.. I don't recommend this location I had Popeyes in California and it was real good but all the ones I eat at here just don't measure up . Greasy chicken beyond normal and the prices are also creeping into being to expensive for the experience and quality. They had a ton of people working but hard for them to get it done and it wasn't busy. Music going but no one home.
4	Love the spicy chicken. Located next to the Circle K. Service was good and the wait minimal. When we got the order it was not correct. They fixed it right away and gave us another side. One if the workers heard me mention that the order was wrong and took it back immediately and for my trouble gave me two additional pieces of chicken. I was impressed with their concern and attention to detail.
