5	Very satisfied with the price and the workmanship. Had a water leak and the fixed the drywall and the stucco.
5	After searching everywhere and nothing, Yelp had one review for Accurate Drywall and Stucco. Thank heavens for Yelp! I contacted Scott from Accurate and he was able to come out the next day for a free quote. We had a ginormous crack (5ft?) in an exterior seam between 2 walls that had been poorly repaired in a past life. He gave us a fair-priced quote and offered to take care of additional cracks at minimal cost. Sold! Hector came out the next day and did a phenomenal job re-stuccoing 3 walls, he was just awesome. He conquered and cleaned up that day. Superior work, excellent pricing, and professional and kind customer service. Would call again in a heartbeat if we needed anything else fixed right. Thanks, Scott and Hector!
5	Accurate was amazing! I had drywall damage from a leaky roof and flooding and had multiple areas where we had to cut the drywall out. I also had stucco that had to be torn out in order to pull out and waterproof a large window wall and sliding glass door. Scott had me send him pictures via text and sent me back a breakdown of prices right away. I had already contacted 3 other companies for drywall prices and Scott's price beat them all by far! His price for both drywall and stucco together was even cheaper than one of the companies for drywall alone! Just crazy! They got me on the schedule in under a week and when I had to push them out a day they were very flexible. When he came out to do the job I talked to him about some additional areas where the seams in the drywall had popped and another small area with stucco damage. The prices for add'l work were reasonable so I had him do that as well. His crew did a really good job and were also very good about cleaning up their work. It took them about 2&1/2 days which included coming back to sand the drywall and texture the stucco. All in all, I am very happy with the quality of work and their prices. I will definitely use them again if I have any future issues. They also do handyman services but I haven't yet used them for that. They do take credit cards but there is a 1% fee.
