4	From the team behind Bramble & the excellent The Last Word Saloon comes a new hip drinking joint above ground. Located on Queen Street the bar is reminiscent of an American diner with tiled floors & bucket seats.I headed here after partaking in some cocktails at The Last Word Saloon as my friend & I desired one more for the road.They have a small cocktail menu located on a cute, retro board which I chose from, picking Lucky 13. It was delish and served in a cute milk bottle.My friend wanted a Vespa Martini which wasn't on the menu but after asking our very friendly & knowledgable waitress if he could order off menu, he was served a 'perfect'  cocktail.The bar also has seating outside so in fine weather it would be a nice spot to savour a fine drink.
4	Try the paloma! From the people who brought you Bramble, there is a new kid in town. Lovely little place on Queen street where they choose your cocktails for you based around what you like drinking.We all loved our drinks and the service was great
5	Yes... it 'tis a theme. I do prefer my cocktail bars and other bars and anywhere I can get anything to drink to be slightly hopping (but not so hopping that I can't get a seat) on a Friday afternoon at 5pm, my personal wasted-time preference. So Friday I took a wander... ok a mini-wander down the street from my place of occupation and I took a seat at an outdoor table and what did I see to my surprise (no surprise, I've totally been here before) a magical blue-eyed hipster creature... with sleeve tattoos that I may have imagined and he made me the most oh-so-perfect cocktail consisting of only the ingredients I love, and none that I loathe. And then there were 3 (maybe 5) more equally brilliant, equally delicious and boozy concoctions that delighted every taste bud I had and some other buds too. Now some suggestions on how to order here... as you must be careful to not say anything that will lead them astray - lest they create a delectable, yet surprising drink that you never knew you would have loved! First, tell them a type of alcohol you like. Then tell them four other types you don't mind. Then tell them the one you don't like... but that if they combined it with something you liked it wouldn't be so bad. Next tell them about your favorite fruit... and then tell them that you like all fruit... and other spices and flavors... but not rosemary, cause rosemary is gross. Then... tell them to make you a cocktail without rosemary. Voila!!!! The single, seven greatest cocktails  you've had in your life and a girls' night out to remember... sort of. Bed by midnight.
3	I'm going to give Lucky Liquor a 3*. I was a bit p*ssed when I came but I could still walk and talk and most of all I wanted them to make me a cocktail based on my fav ingredients - this is claimed to be their selling point or USP...I did ask for a couple of things but they were 'out of that' or 'don't have that'. Hmmm. Another friend also mentioned having this issue too. I had a cocktail - fairly boozy but not that memorable. Nope, not due to the aforementioned previously consumed drink as I can remember the majority of wines sampled that night, just not that memorable. So, we'll see how this goes. I will give it another try at some point, no doubt during cocktail quest to see if the rating improves....
4	This place was a good example of "does what it says on the tin", althoughI'm not sure I'm using that phrase correctly. :)It's a wee bit on the small side, but with table service and a decent mix of random and creative cocktails this is completely fine and generally preferred for a relaxed evening... I am curious as to what this place could be like on an overly busy night, if they let people crowd the bar and stand around it could be a nightmare given the amount of time it takes to make drinks, but they may not allow this... I've seen similar bars that offer table service take this approach. (There is also a downstairs, but it seats very few people at the moment.)I can see where for many people this place would slide between 3 and 4, and even 5, stars... there's just so much a small place like this with pseudo pricey cocktails has to get right. For me it's a rounded up 3.7 for now, but I have a friend visiting Edinburgh shortly that will likely flip over at the place and declare it an immediate 5. The cocktails were quite creative, both in ingredients and presentation... one is served in a light bulb glass and another, called "Happy Moments", on a picture frame.  The drinks were also consistently good, but unfortunately none of them blew me away... I believe that may be down to personal preference however, and I will certainly try some of their other creations when in the area and in the mood for something different.The service was sincere, but expectedly a bit slower... good cocktails don't mix themselves after all.
5	Lucky Liquor Co is definitely our favourite cocktail place, having tried quite a few in an altruistic and obsessive desire for fairness and completeness. It's a low-key spot, and generally easy to get a table. For a while we'd settled on visiting their sister location, Brambles, but we could never get on with the basement setting. Others might consider it cosy and romantic, but we thought it claustrophobic and oppressive. And, to be honest, the cocktails never seemed that good. LLC is on the ground floor, and while it's a long and narrow venue, and it's generally dark when we're there, it still feels quite airy. They have a room in the basement, but we never sit there. Their twist on the cocktail is a fixed selection of spirits and mixers (no choosing your gin here), and a desire to find out your taste preferences before recommending a cocktail from their selection. S settled on a Gin Daisy at our first visit, and I had an extra dry vodka martini. Both excellent, and I'm afraid that in multiple further visits we've not had anything else. Creatures of habit. The service is excellent; really friendly and helpful. I'm hoping that it gets busy enough to stay in business, but not so busy that we can't get our favourite spot.
4	Immediantley steeping into this interior I loved the vibe.  The decor really sang to me!After we sat down the bartender gave us a wee glass of water, toatlly unusual but I like that touch!  That extra mile goes far.The cocktail menu is full of drinks which sound amazing.  The bartender asked me what i usually drink and that's normally a french martini, but i wish i had something else - not that the drink was bad I just wish I opted for the wild card and went for something else.Defo coming here again for a wee quiet drink - it's a wwe jem on Queen street.
5	Oh. My.The coctails are divine and just enough gimmick-y. The megawatt was delish!I really enjoyed the place as it wasn't packed with drunk people, and the music wasn't too loud. Maybe I'm getting old, but when I go out for drinks I want to enjoy some good alcohol and be able to communicate with my friends.
3	Well, here we have another cocktail bar in Edinburgh and it is following the tried and trusted formula of very enthusiastic staff and a good selection of choice. It's quite a quirky scene and the very cool thing is the selection of music being played in the bar, all on vinyl! Sunday is bring your own vinyl and you can hear music as it should be!
