4	I have seen Romantasy Cabaret here a few times, the venue is small and personal. Good layout.
4	They have a variety of events at this venue.  It always seems safe and clean.  I've been there on Wednesday nights open mic when it is a casual chill crowd enjoying the patio.  Have also been there for OTEP (crazy crowd but they kept it real) and also Romantasy Cabaret where the crowd was more upscale but having a good time.Professional sound and lighting that really bring the events a stellar professional feel.Very versitile venue that manages to make all types of events happen.  Very cool place.
3	Was here on Saturday night for the KWSS 106.7 Anniversary/Benefit show. It was bigger than I expected it to be (that's what she said), so that was nice. Lots of space. Which was actually surprising considering there is very limited parking in the lot. Other than that it was your typical dive bar atmosphere, and that is just fine. Nice comfy seating in the back. Excellent sound system for the bands, with a huge stage, and lots of room for all the artists to display their work. I would definitely go to other events held here, but probably not unless there was something specific.
4	Saw faster pussycat here it's a dive but they host great shows , staff is friendly and drinks are not expensive , keep an eye on the venue you will find something you want to see here especially if you like 80's metal
2	I've been here twice for my husband's band shows. It's ok. They have plenty of seating in the back, but because it's right next to the bar it gets a little crowded. Security takes themselves a little too seriously. I've never been to the bar to see how much drinks cost (my husband gets to bring in water with him since he's a performer, so why pay?). I don't mind going to see the shows, but it's not a place that would attract me on it's own.
4	Well, this has been a long time coming. I actually have performed here and let me tell you, this venue is pretty darn accommodating. The staff are just awesome to work with, the sound quality in the larger area is dynamite and the drinks are fairly priced. The atmosphere is similar to that of a dive but I'm just happy to know that I shared a stage with Missing Persons..Remember them? Their name is kinda ironic now. At any rate, I would say try it out once because they really do have fantastic bands stroll through their doors.
5	This venue is incredible - I don't understand how you could give it less than 5 stars. I saw Joey Diamond perform tonight and it was AMAZING. The staff, the drinks, the setup = FAB. Can't wait to go back!
3	Decent venue, I honestly wouldn't go here just for a drink though. I've only gone here to see band I know, play. The sound is pretty good though and I like that it's right next to Waffle House, so after shows we can grab a bite to eat.
3	Pretty decent venue. i went and saw a show here and was on the guest list so i can't really tell you about prices but from what i hear the are relatively low -$10-$20. So not bad. They do search you before you go in also... so leave your damn guns at home okay..mmkaay thanks.pretty big inside. Nice stage area. Small but you can make due patio outside. Good beer bottle section-they had Guinness so they won me over in that dept. One thing that sucks is you can't bring alcohol over by the stage. So you either gotta watch from "behind the line" or leave your beer and hope you can come back to it and its not taken or have a rufi in it.  Im big on bathrooms- and this one was not the cleanest so ladies squat don't sit.
4	If you know me, I am a huge hair metal fan, but I barely turned 21 last year.  Since I turned 21 there hasn't been many good bands playing.  If there were, I didn't have the money.  So finally in March I went to see Y&T.  The tickets cost $15 in advance and $20 at door.  I got mine a week beforehand so I was good.  While waiting in line outside, I seen Y&T perform their soundcheck because the security left the door open.  When I walked inside, I was amazed.  I am a huge small venue fan with no seating, so I could get to the front no problem because we were the first one there. I was literally right up front, first time I was that close that I could give the band members high fives.  I mean for $15 you cant beat it.  The opening bands were decent, but overall a very cool concert experience.  I look forward to many more shows down the road.The only thing I didn't check out was the bar,  I'm the type that doesn't like to waste money on booze n things at venues because they're more than likely overpriced.  Also because I didn't want to lose my spot ;p.Everyone knows 80s heavy metal bands aren't big anymore, and that these types of places are like the only places to see these bands (except maybe casinos, but they charge to much), so if you have like $20 to blow and you wanna see a show? Check Club Reds calendar.  Sooner or later a good band will show up and hopefully rock your face off.UPDATE:Seen a couple more shows since I wrote this review.  The first one was a band from the 80s known as London (actually has a lot of history but just couldn't get popular)  The show was originally $10 ( I was literally flat broke at the time)Anyways the show did end up being free, ended up waiting in line (first in line again) and finally when they let people in, London was setting up to do the soundcheck.  There was probably 5-6 people in the crowd.  They did their soundcheck which was great, the singer stood in the crowd area singing the songs, when a guitar solo part came up, I ended up doing air guitar with the singer.  Freakin awesome.  So then when the soundcheck was done, the drummer was leaving and said hello to my friend and I.  I asked him if he had anything cool for us, so he got a promo photo of his other band (Hollywood All Starz) and signed it for us.  That was cool of him.Then the show went on, great show, everything about it was excellent.  Barely anyone showed up (kind of felt bad for the band playing a sold out 15 people concert) The security left for Red Owl because there was a rap exhibition going on.  My friend and I and other guests were able to go in that little backstage area and meet the band.. Got a setlist signed by the whole band and my drum stick I caught during the drum solo.  Such a great experienceThe other show I seen was last night for Fates Warning.  Everything about the venue was pretty much the same, no problems, great show.  I love this place.  Fates Warning threw a hell of a show, the opening bands were actually pretty talented even though the 2nd band needed to turn up the vocal mic a little bit.
3	After going to Coachella I was having withdrawls from live music so I saw Baueer and Danny Brown.  The show was really good.  The venue is very small which is nice for smaller artists and the drink prices were fair.  There was a section for 21+ that was in the back so that was kind of annoying to have to lose your spot by the stage to grab a drink.  I heard that it's all depending on the show if it is like that though as some are all 21+.  Overall it's a decent little venue and I would go back for the right show.
5	This review is long long long overdue.  None of the staff was pretentious or acted as though they were burdened by my presence (like some OTHER music venues.  Yes, Marquee, i'm looking at you).  Not only were they not pretentious, they were actually friendly!  Dave in security went out of his way to provide a great experience for us.  I'm sure that all-ages shows are extremely stressful for staff and keeping the under-21's separate from the drinkers without being burdensome to either group and Club Red is doing it right.
1	Worst place for shows. You're basically paying to get your ass kicked by security. It's one thing to tell people they have to leave it's another to put them in a chokehold and drag them out the door violently. Avoid this place.
2	Saw Baroness last night at Club Red. They were awesome and sounded great at this venue, but there were a couple things I did not like.First of all, after emptying my pockets, the security guy was suspicious of my e-cigarette mod (which was fine). What wasn't fine is how he got all jumpy when I tried to open it for him. He was unfamiliar and messing with it, which was not cool. He could've broken it! The wooden panel that comes off is held in place by four small but powerful magnets. If opened improperly, it can yank the battery out and drain it. That would really suck for me. Anyway... security needs to calm down a bit with people who are obviously trying to cooperate with the search process.My second problem is a much bigger one. I cannot prove it, but I am convinced that the liquor at Club Red is watered down. I had 3 strong beers before arriving at the show and decided a Long Island would be the perfect finisher to give me the buzz I was looking for. When the bartender free-poured it, I was mightily impressed. I would say the "liquor" filled 3/4 of the cup before the splash of sour and Coke was added. Walked away, took a sip... hmmm that's odd, with so much liquor in there, why can't I really detect any? I should've been able to feel SOME kind of effect from the drink, right? No, not at all, which was why I ordered a LI in the first place. It's supposed to be a strong drink when not watered down, even if a jigger is used!So yeah, my advice is to bring a cheap e-cig if you vape and if you have a DD, catch a buzz elsewhere before coming to the show (or get a beer, that's probably safe).
3	Not a bad venue, but not excellent.  Not many choices for beers, security was nice and talkative as I was early for a reggae concert.  The sound was pretty good and I had a great time at the concert.
1	i was here for the Earl Sweatshirt concert. This venue is terrible for anything really, and is desperate for renovation.Wasn't a sold out crowd but it was a struggle to get a good view because of the terrible placement of the main bar being in the middle which then leads to too much space being given to the lounge.and there is this large ass production booth in the very middle that should be placed in the very back. So that leaves us with only half of the venue and a triangle spaced floor near the entrance to actually see the event we paid for. At a show that wasn't sold out.This could be zero stars really, but that 1-star was because they do book good artists consistently every month. p.s. they need to install some speakers in the back at least, we want to feel and act just as buckwild as the people in the front too you know.
1	Good luck trying to get in contact with someone here. It's next to impossible. The phone only goes to a voice message, and I'm pretty sure any emails you send go straight to the trash folder.
4	Good venue. My girl and I saw Monster Magnet there the day after Thanksgiving. The drinks were inexpensive, the bartenders were quick and the floor staff / security / bouncers were cool. We had zero problems there and had a great time. I'd come back here. This place is on my radar now for catching cool shows. Thanks Club Red. We had a blast. See you next time.
3	This place may come across as shady, but I was surprised over how well their setup works - especially for an all ages event. There's a bar in the back, there's a bar in the main room so one can enjoy a tasty beverage while listening to some delish tunes... all while the sweat mongers and mouth-breathers stomp the yard up front. I was here during the Children of Bodom concert and it really must have turned some stones over, because there was a massive contribution of classically weird hard rockers missing out on sleep that Monday night. As usual it was a pure sausage fest, a club filled to the rim with unwashed, uncouth, and drunk rockers as it should be but the representation of the ladies was remarkably impressive. Not in numbers, but in quality.. and with that being said, do NOT get your hopes up mate. They are more guarded than the Pope. There is an area for smoking outside, and this place is amazing for people watching. A short note on the concert in question - they brought it, but it was a Monday for both COB and the Hate Crew. I have seen better Monday gigs, but for what it was - it was good. The mood was awesome and COB was impressive. I will see them again, at this venue or any other.  Drinks are served by some cute girls that are tired being hit on by every hairy freak that walks into the club, but they are quick and nice. Prices are impressive $6 well drinks all night, $4 domestic beer & $3 PBR. I claim that it is very much worth it. Nicely done Club Red. There is a negative that I think is massive. It's not that the line to the mens room is way longer than the ladies ditto. It is the Parking. Holy shite it was hard to find a spot, and there is nothing close by where you could mooch off of instead either. The plaza was completely filled, and I had no idea where to go. I did figure it out though. Eventually. My recommendation is that you come here. The venue is a bit anachronistic, and some of the patrons did attend the old school. Maybe that's why a metal savant like myself felt like I could relate.
1	This is neither a venue or dance club, more like 2 small warehouses trying to look like both. I attended 2 concerts there and am over this place. I watched the doorman play favorites with some people and get heavy handed with others...ego trip. Phoenix has many much nicer venues with a more professional management I'll spend my money with those.
4	This is a solid venue for punk and metal shows.  Security was actually friendly and seemed to look out for people.
5	First time at this venueSecurity right off the bat was awesome and did their jobs, the bar was more than meeting my standards Pit was gnarly fun and the thrash metal punk heads were all good sports Had a blast small to some , I can understand why But it's the smaller venues that makes you feel more at home sometimes
3	Came here for the Combichrist  show on 4/28/14.  Five stars for the staff -- surprising polite and courteous for a venue.Very good sound system -- Combichrist and William Control sounded excellent.Drinks were above average.0 stars for the men's bathroom -- there was a single broken urinal and a single stall -- horrible line, horrible smell.We would have drank a lot more, but we didn't want to have to go anywhere near the men's room (or that line) again.
1	Their affiliation with gorilla, a group that plays the game of bands selling tickets to play, is why they get one star.  The ticket game is just to rip off bands who simply want to play.  They could instead grow a reputation of being a venue that attracts quality talent and then the audience will come.  Instead they go the low quality route.  Not impressed.
1	Seriously? On opening night for Authority Zero,  it's 103 outside at 10:08 pm. Inside, no AC.  Imagine sweaty, hot, drunk, excited adults ready for a show. Bad combo. Bad opening.  Shame.
