4	Discount Tire gave me a smokin deal on my tires - I only went there because....my dealership told me to go and check out their prices!!! Honestly I saved about 35%  - I also know now how much my dealership is over-charging!!What was even more surprising is that they were really willing to negotiate with me - I even checked the age of the tires and they werent old - so I walked out pretty happy!(NOTE: Anything to do with car stuff is not one of my most exciting things to do - I always feel like Im going to get hosed on the pricing....but with a little help and direction from my dealership service staff they pointed me in the right direction.)
4	I just had to have all four tires replaced on my Z4. I shopped online and in other local retailers and Discount Tire had the best prices. My tires are not standard and so they had to be special ordered, but they got my tires in and on in the same day. The person I worked with, I think his name is Taylor, was very good and took great care of me. There was one guy there working the front desk that was a little less skilled in customer service. He was a bit surly and chomped on chewing gum the whole time he talked to me. The management needs to let their some of their people know about professional manners, but overall a good experience.
4	Great pricing on tires. It takes them over an hour to do a tire rotate and balance though, so bring a black berry or iPhone to entertain yourself!
5	Brought my Wife's Honda CRV here after getting a flat on a dirt road while camping up near The Rim. Asked how much the patch job would be and they said" Its no charge, just bring your car in when you need new tires." So, I did! We did some research and decided on Yokohamas, but the sales guys talked us in to the Pirelli's. They ran so smooth and are going strong after a good 25,000 miles. warranties are great here, excellent customer service, and all the sales people are friendly & courteous.
4	My story is complicated, but I'll spare you the excruciating details.The basics:*Customer service was initially rocky. We exchanged a couple of phone calls, haggling about warranties and a competitor's tire price.*I finally had to call the customer relations chief at headquarters in North Scottsdale.The results:* Everything was resolved to my satisfaction* I got a new set of tires* I'm now a fan of Discount Tire.What you can learn from this:* Look at that fine print that came with the last set of tires you bought and are now replacing. Figure out whether they gave you fewer miles than they were warranted to give you. If so, you have a credit coming. MAKE SURE YOU DO THIS -- my salesman was going to ignore this part, until I pointed it out to him. In my case, this was worth about $300.* Identify the tires you want and research the price. You can almost always find them cheaper, and Discount Tires pledges it will not be undersold. (though you may have to push a bit to get them to honor that pledge.)
5	My wife discovered a flat tire yesterday that was changed by roadside service. We took the flat to Discount Tire. They patched and balanced the tire and checked the pressure on the other four. I was shocked when I picked the car up the the charge was $0.00. I had contact with four employees while at the store and each was as pleasant as could be. I would absolutely use them again.
5	AMAZING customer service!!  I needed a tire changed same day.  Costco checked for the tire I needed and told me there were none in the region and that it would have to be ordered (would come-in, 2-3 days).  I did NOT have 2-3 days as I had a 30 mile commute to work and I wasn't going to do that on a donut in 115 degree weather.  They called around, pulled some strings and 5 min. after walking into the place, I had a price match and a new tire appointment later that afternoon.  Tire was changed in about 10 minutes with no fuss or unnecessary sales pitches about other products "i need".  I completely recommend discount tire- this is not the first time I have been blown away by their prices and service.
5	Friendly professional service. Service completed in 20 minutes.No sales pressure!
3	I needed a new tire and shopped around other places for prices.  Everyone in town was charging the same amount.  Not sure why these guys call themselves "Discount" Tire.
5	Great service!!!  Went to my local firestone store because I had a nail in the tire and they said they couldnt fix it and I had to buy a new tire. Went to Discount Tire and they were able to repair it and the best part was...get this...NO CHARGE. Screw you Firestone.
5	Our family have used this Discount Tire for 11 years now.  Amazing service and warranty on tires.  Thank you!
1	I will never buy tires there again!Every time I go in there they try to sell me 4 new tires! WTF! I just bought 4 tires at Christmas. Took them in to get rotated and the guy says "we'll take a look at them". I said, "I just want them rotated, they are 5 months old". He comes back and says they are not looking very good. Are you kidding me???Never again will I go there, nor will I ever refer them. I'm done!
5	I love Discount Tire- what a great concept- they will fix your tire for free on the assumption you will return to buy tires. This is great corporate strategy at its best. I got a blow out, limped my way to the Pima store- staff was wonderful, Kevin was professional, quick- store is clean, FREE bottled waterGreat Great Great
4	I like Discount Tires a lot, and their front desk staff has always been courteous.  My line of work results in more than the usual number of tire problems, and Discount Tire is always ready to help me out with a swapout while I wait. So, generally, they're aces.  That being said, something happened there yesterday which prompted me dock them a star and to write the following:Open Letter To The Guy Who Changed My Tire At Discount Tires: I drive a grotty, dirty farm-trashed 2001 CR-V in which the CD and tape players are broken, so radio is my only music option on the road.  I'll admit, my choices of station presets are pretty predictable for a 40ish lady - NPR, a classical station, the rest alternative/classic rock crap, just background noise. In that light, your decision to change not one but EVERY SINGLE PRESET on my radio to Latino stations?  Was clearly not just for your own work-time enjoyment, but rather bespoke a well-meaning mission to enlighten me as to the finer points of Tejano and mariachi.  Sadly, however, my aversion to accordian and trumpet music - especially when combined  - is permanent and abiding.  So, thanks anyway; even though your suggestions didn't take root, I'd like to pass along my gratitude for your thoughtfulness!  Not to mention that the time it took you to reprogram those stations (since mine is an old system and requires old-school dial-turning) was probably as much as was actually required for the tire swap itself - and with an hour and a half backlog on your service schedule, your taking the time to amend my bland radio situation only offers further proof of how dedicated you are to serving your customers' cultural as well as automotive needs!(P.S.  But honestly, now...  It was me, the relaxed girl with the shabby ride who left you to your work and didn't come back until after you were done, to whom you felt it necessary to be an ass?  Not the guy with a $50K car and a snotty attitude about having to wait?  Lo que sea, hombre.) .
5	I went in today because all of my tires were low and I just didn't have the energy to fill them myself. When I got there, it was really busy and I was worried that the wait would be long. I had to wait about five minutes initially but was acknowledged by staff repeatedly so I didn't feel neglected. Jon walked right out to my car with me, explained quite a bit about how tires work and then immediately filled my tires. He was very kind and very informative. No charge to fill the tires and the education was free as well. I feel much more knowledgeable about my tires. These guys have always been pleasant and easy to deal with.
5	I can't begin to tell you how much of a pleasure it is to deal with a company that takes immediate responsibility for a mistake they made. A very rare find in todays world.I had brought my car down to have a flat repaired. The tech when repairing the tire took a little too much off the inside when preparing for the patch to be placed. They looked it over when I pointed it out, and immediately offered to replace the tire free of charge. Not only was the tire they replaced more than $325 retail but because the manufacture of my vehicle specifically recommends replacing both tires together if the tread ware between the two is to far apart, they sold me the second tire at half price, and charged me zero labor on the tires they installed.  If I could give them ten stars I would. Its just such a great feeling dealing with a company like this that takes instant responsibility for their actions. Great Job Guy'sThanks So Much
1	Pushy sales person - he kept asking WHY we did not want to pay more for tires!  He claimed the affordable tires were "not in stock" - he did not refer us to another store or attempt to order them - he kept insisting that we buy the more expensive tires.  They did not get our business!  Very offensive, intrusive, and unprofessional experience-  I do not recommend this location or company.
5	Fast friendly service and no charge for my first rotation and flat repair! WOWED in Scottsdale!
5	I am so happy with Discount Tire. They have always been so nice and pleasant to work with but this time, I feel, that they went above and beyond. I had a flat tire which required a tow. I called Discount Tire at 6:15 p.m., fifteen minutes after the closing time, and Ray answered the phone. He was very kind and reassuring and said that I could have the car towed to the lot at the store and left overnight. The car arrived before Ray had left for the day and he took the time to talk with my husband about meeting the next morning to replace the tire. The next morning, he was so helpful in finding a replacement tire which had to be sent from another Discount Tire and would take a few days. Ray made sure that the car would be put inside each night until the tire arrived. The tire arrived in a couple of days and the team at Discount Tire replaced the tire and rotated the other tires in ten minutes. Dealing with a flat is no fun but Ray and the rest of the Discount Tire staff make it relatively painless.
5	I went to Discount Tire on Pima to ask about an estimate for new tires for my SUV.  I had the unfortunate experience to hit a curb(rather hard) and my tires have seen better days.  The employee(wish I would have remembered his name) who looked my tires over thought I had at least another 10,000 miles left.  I questioned him to make sure....he told me that if I really wanted new tires he could sell them to me but I did not need them.  I love the honesty and will be back when I need new tires.  I was waited on immediately and treated with respect.  This is the place to buy tires!!!
4	We have shopped and bought tires at various Discount Tires over the years, including this one.  The service is great and they are more than willing to work with you in finding the right tire for your car. Recently, we needed two Michelin MXV4s for one of our cars. We shopped online at DiscountTire.com and found the tires we wanted.  Priced it out, paid, reserved the tires for this location and just came in to have them mounted & balanced.  Nice!  In the end, it saved us $65 over their previous quote. Also, nice!
5	Being a woman, I always dread having to do anything car related. I always feel like I have to put my guard up right away.  I looked online at tires and decided to go to Discount. I placed my order online and made an appt for the next morning. My appt time was for 8am and I showed up on time.  I was promptly greeted and let them know I had an appt. they pulled up my order, verified it and get this.....they didn't try and sell me more expensive tires!!!  I paid and then waited a short time. I was driving away at 8:42am.  I would definately come back to this location.
4	Overall the Discount Tire chain is the only place I'd go for tires and tire-related services, but this location was a little disappointing on my recent visit.  They took double the time they estimated to mount four tires.  If they'd just given me an accurate time estimate, I would have re-booked a meeting I had afterward.  I was late and had to give last-minute notice.  I'll continue to use the chain, but will avoid this location in the future.
5	Wow.  Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow.Since moving to Arizona in 2008 and purchasing a one year old car that had very expensive tires and rims, I've been to this Discount Tire now a total of 4 times to have my tires either replaced or repaired.  My previous three trips were all very good, but my visit today is what is prompting me to write a review.While driving to pick up some dinner, I felt my car start riding bumpy and pulling strongly to the left.  When I pulled into the restaurant, I saw that one of my front tires was totally flat.  I had been expecting this; I was told at an oil change about a month ago that my tire was nearly down to the thread.  But, being that I'm the kind of person that puts things off until they can't be put off any longer, I was not surprised to see the pretty decent tear in the tire.  But now what?  I'm in a restaurant parking lot, and I'm not exactly pit crew material when it comes to changing out the tire.  I called Discount Tire (thankfully, only about a mile away) to ask what my options were.  I spoke to the Assistant Manager, Raymond (Ray) Watson, fully expecting to be told to call AAA or to figure it out, but Ray offered to drive over to the restaurant, less than an hour before Discount Tire was to close, to throw on the spare for me and get me over to the store to get the tire replaced.  He was there in no time at all (it was less than 30 minutes, and he was doing me SUCH a huge favor, yet he profusely apologized for how long it took for him to get there).  In a matter of mere minutes, he had removed my wheel, put on the spare, and guided me over to the nearest air pump where he could put more air in the spare (of course my spare was low on air!).  I followed him back to the Discount Tire store, where there were never any harsh words or judgement for driving around on a tire that was CLEARLY in terrible shape and should have not been driven on for some time.  It has been just under a year since the back tires were replaced, and I was told that the same tires had gone DOWN in price.  Huh?  When does that ever happen?  Knowing the other front tire was likely to have the same fate as the one that passed away today, I asked to have both front tires replaced.  Within about 20-25 minutes, I was back in my car and headed home.  If I could give Ray and his store 10 stars, I would.  Discount Tire customer for life here!
5	I had a flat tire twice in one week (my kind of luck) on two different tires and went here and had the most top  notch service and the most helpful and accommodating staff at any discount tire I have ever been to.  I would recommend this location and the way this staff treats the customers to be the example of training for all other stores.  I was in and out in less than 30 minutes each time, no charge as I had the insurance and just really very happy.
5	Great place to get your tire fix, they check your air pressure for free, I go to them once every 3 months.  They gave good quotes and compare their prices with other tire companies.  Make sure you make appointments with them for your services or you will be waiting up to 2 hours to get your tire rotations.
5	Tire wear seems to be a hidden secret Arizona Tax. The construction materials on the road always seem to either find your windshield or tires. Plus the high temperatures seem to lessen the life of your tires; buying tires that are rated for 40,000 miles seems to always come out to 30,000 miles or less.So after a recent episode where my tire basically almost ripped in half, I went to Discount Tire to get a replacement. You know the drill, they go out and measure all of your tires for wear and tear and recommend whether or not you need new tires elsewhere.It turned out that I needed another tire. But the "tire guy" said "hey, let me see if the manufacturer will take this tire back since it looked to be defective". So long story short, the manufacturer took back the tire and I saved a cool $200. Pro tip - always buy the replacement insurance on your tires. I can probably count more than 5 tires that have gone flat and/or super nova in the last 3 years on all my cars. That move has saved me a ton of dough.
4	Great prices & customer service, but PLEASE get Wi-Fi!!  My hour could be so much more  productive!
5	After constantly putting air in my tires EVERY morning for 2 weeks I finally decided to take care of it.  I have always had my husband deal with everything that involves the word CAR.  I went online to look up the closest location and found one 5 minutes away from me and I was able to make an appointment online. Got to Discount Tire about 10 minutes early was seen quickly. They took my car back and told me it would be about 45 minutes.  I am sure glad I made an appointment, a lady came in and asked how long she would be there and she was told an hour and a half.  My name was called 20 minutes into my arrival.  Was told there was a nail in my tire and they fixed it...FOR FREE!  They didn't try to sell me on new tires or protection plans, nothing!. Gave me my keys and I was on my way. I highly recommend getting an appointment so you don't have to wait long.
5	The service at Discount Tire will make you a loyal, longtime customer.I stumbled upon DT a few years ago when I needed a flat fixed. Since then I have bought 3 sets of tires from them and had a few nail issues fixed. They pride themselves on customer service and it shows. There is nothing phony about it. They provide great service and they want you to be a repeat customer.
5	Parked the car, walked right in the door and within 5 sec I was greeted by Jay who was very friendly and professional. Well dressed and took care of me with a purpose and didn't treat me like Joe Shmoe off the street. I'm very impressed and the reason I can in was to get my tires balanced had a little rough time going to get my tree up north on some unpaved roads with tons of mud, my wheel weights came off and need to fix this right quick lol. Great SERVICE, FAST, friendly and reasonably priced!!!!THANK YOU JAY!You da man!
5	I knew that two of my tires were on their last leg, so I started calling around last week to try and find a good deal for replacements. This was especially important because I have an older car and was not interested in putting $500+ into a car I don't plan on having for much longer. I called around and Discount Tire quoted me a great price and said that they could get me in whenever, so I went online and made an appointment for a Friday during lunch. I brought my car in, Richard walked out with my a car and took a look, and confirmed the quote I received over the phone would work with my car. I left my car in their hands and about 45 minutes later I received a call that it was ready. I was very pleased with the service and price and would recommend them.
5	I've always had consistently good service with this location.  The wait is a little long, but I'd rather wait in a clean shop where I know I'm not getting fleeced.  Super helpful and pleasant crew here!
5	This location rocks! I have been to 4-5 of their locations for 25 years but for the past 15 yrs I've been coming to this location because its the closest to my house. I've probably purchased close to 30 sets of tires from them for all the vehicles I've owned. I come here for rotations and repairs and never once charged a penny to repair a tire or rotate the tires. Although I always pay the extra $25 per tire for the extra warranty, they never haggle with me and usually just give me a brand new tire. If they're not completely swamped, you can expect to be greeted courteously within seconds of walking in the front door. If you check their website before going and print out the website quotation, it will save some time and money by eliminating the up sells, but I would recommend the extra $25 per tire warranty. Yes there will be disposal fees but that is unavoidable and you'll pay that at any garage or tire shop.If they're busy and you have to wait, there is complimentary bottled water and a huge complimentary coffee machine in the waiting area. There's Twin Peaks and McDonald's in the same parking lot, as well a gas station and some lunch spots like Rubio's, a juice bar and a few other places.Last week I brought them a truck tire to repair. It was a friend's truck that did not have a warranty and my friend was selling the truck. I explained that I did not want to spend the money for a new tire and just wanted a repair. The tech took the flat into the shop an after less than 5 minutes brought the tire back out with a slightly used tire on it that was in 10x better shape than the original I brought in to fix. He said the other tire was so bad it was not safe, so he pulled a lightly used tire out from the disposal area and mounted it for me after inspecting it and didn't charge me a penny. Pretty cool!
5	These guys know how to run a tire shop! A great attitude goes a long way when your customers are spending their time and money doing something they don't even want to think about.I'm from out of town and picked up a nail. They were pretty busy so it wasn't fast, but they did the job for free and even put a better tire on my full sized spare since it was 13 yrs old - all at zero cost.In my opinion, that's the way to build goodwill and cut through the BS. Respect your customers and they will respect you back. I won't hesitate to do business with this brand any day.
5	Fantastic service.My car had 2 flat tires (don't ask, nightmare) and discount didn't have the tires I needed in stock so I bought them from Benz dealership. And yes, they jacked up the price but was in a crisis.Discount was closing so I left my keys and they said they would do it first thing in the morning.The next day, I get there at 8:45am and the car was ready. Ivan was excellent and took great care of me and all the paperwork ready and keys in hand.  Discount tire always has the best service for tires, I don't go anywhere else.
5	Fantastic service. Very friendly and really helped me when I needed it. Didn't try to sell me anything I didn't need and negotiated a price I was able to pay. then they also approved me for tier credit card so I was able to get the tires I needed with nothing upfront out of pocket so I could get in the road safely. Thank you guys!!!
5	Great service!  Came here with a nail in the tire - happened to be in Scottsdale on vacation - These guys were fantastic.  They patched up the tire, and also gave me a free rotation.  The service in Scottsdale was so good that I looked them up when I got home, and found out that they also own America's Best Tire.  Perfect - They are getting my business from now on.
3	I went in for a tire rotation, which was free, and that is great! I made an appointment online and when I walked in, I was seen right away. The employees were extremely nice, professional and helpful. Five stars for service. There were two reasons I am not jumping for joy: - I made a 4:45 appointment, and the online tool asked I arrive 10-15 minutes early. Even with that, I was still there for over an hour. It felt pointless to make the appointment. I'd normally think walk-ins would have to wait, but if you have an appointment, they should be ready to bring your car in right away. - No wi-fi, which seemed really odd. Waiting an hour and not being able to multi-task and get work done was really frustrating. I had to walk over to McDonalds to get on their wi-fi and then from there wasn't sure when my car was ready.
5	Amazing service, great price, fast, and clean! I called and they had my tires transferred to the store. So I went in on a Friday at 3 pm tires had already showed up. Place was super busy and the manager Kevin came out and helped me. Very helpful, he said 45 min to an hour so I planned for two just in case. I sat on the patio, employee brought me a bottled water and sure enough 50 min later it was ready. Top notch service for sure, only place I get tires from now on...
5	Unbeatable prices, service and execution.  I've shopped around a few times over the years, and I've never found a better place to get tires.I've gotten tires here more times than I can count (I have a sportier car with soft tires - in AZ, that's a recipe for frequently changing them).  -The service is always friendly and no-pressure- If you buy tires here, they'll rotate them and patch holes - Free!-Their system retains everything about your previous orders (it was like that 10 years ago, when no one else was doing it)-They have tons of tire options, from the cheapest to the fanciest, and lots in stock (they can get them from their many locations around AZ if they happen to be out of the ones you want)
5	Thank you discount tire! I came here after the subaru dealership down the road told me I needed to have my tire replaced due to a nail... Came to discount because they gave me a great deal on a great tire... After inspection I was told I DID NOT need a new tire and it could be repaired!! After being a loyal customer to Subaru for years I am very disappointed and they have lost my trust! After all that discount offered warranty on all my tires at a great price! Thank you for all your help discount! I will be back here again :) great service!!
5	No complaints at all with this location.  I brought my truck in to get a tire rotation and I do recommend making an appointment the day before.  Walked right in at 8:15am which was my appointment time and I was ready to go in about 30 minutes.  Full tire rotation and balance!  Those guys work hard and they keep the customer service at 100% while doing it.  Nice job!
