5	This review is for Dr. Kelly Moffat, a veterinarian and animal behavior specialist who works at the Mesa VCA Animal Hospital. Dr. Moffat is one of only a handful of certified animal behaviorists in the country and is absolutely amazing. Over the summer, I adopted a one year old chihuahua mix from HALO who had been badly abused. Needless to say, it was love at first sight with Rugby, the best, most loving dog out there. But, due to his sad start in life, Rugby suffered from severe separation anxiety. If I left him for, literally, 5 minutes, he would bark and howl and scratch at door and floors until his paws bled. I tried everything - books, training, home remedies - and consulted with my usual vet at the Banfield off of Mayo. Afraid for his health, I was not sure what to do.My regular vet recommended Dr. Moffat. I did her online survey and got an appointment right away. While the initial consult was pricey, Dr. Moffat was very thorough and gave us all sorts of techniques to try and went over good and bad products. We decided on a medication and training regimen.I stuck to the regimen and consulted with Dr. Moffat via phone and email. Let me tell you...the woman is a miracle worker. After about a month, my dog is now normal and can be left alone as needed. I still follow up with Dr. Moffat as needed. She literally saved my puppy, whom I love dearly.Really, Dr. Moffat is amazing. She is compassionate and realistic. I never felt like I was being judged and she really listened. She was supportive throughout the process. If I could give her a 10 star review I would. As is, I will be eternally grateful to her for helping my Rugby.
1	This review is specifically for Dr. Richard S. Funk. He is terrible!We had a ferret who was very sick, and we had heard he was an expert with ferrets (he'd come highly required). I got an appointment with him and hurried there. Once there I was just like another number, and he treated me worse than the patients. He barely would touch my animal, and I didn't understand what he was telling me. My wife called while I was with him and she had questions. He refused to answer them. I would never ever take any animal back to this vet hospital again. EVER.
5	I love this animal hospital. I've tried a few in the area, and they rate #1 in my experience.I've had appointments with all three vets. Dr Moffit is extremely knowledgeable. She didn't give me any grief because I feed my dogs a raw diet, and in fact gave me some advice about how to ensure they're getting proper nutrition. She was also gave me a very comprehensive explanation of options when my cat recently got sick.Dr Funk is both professional and fun. The man has a lot of knowledge, but it's not beneath him to wrestle with my dogs to make them feel more comfortable. Since he specializes in exotics I don't see him often, but I can count on him  to see me if the other doctors are unavailable.Dr Danner is new to the practice, but I've seen her two or three times. I really like how comfortable she makes me feel. She follows up on her patients herself, and she was willing to answer all my questions when a new kitten (my first cat in a long, long time) got sick. She, like the other vets, is sensitive to the expense of pet health care, and she took extra time to explain the cost along with the pros/cons of each treatment option. And she even asked about one of my dogs, whom she had treated for an infection several months earlier. She has great bedside manner.There is plenty of parking at the building, the staff is friendly, and there's enough seating in the lobby to keep everyone comfortable. They don't have separate cat and dog entrances, but since we all leash or cage our animals, it doesn't matter. I do like that they have a separate exit away from the entrance, so it's easy to get out without taking a curious dog through the lobby. I highly recommend this practice.
1	I took my newly adopted dog (whom I got from the AZ Humane Society) to this vet as the Humane Society has a contract with VCA for free initial checkups. My appointment was made with Dr Funk, not per specific request. We went into the office for our scheduled appointment and the receptionists seemed less than enthusiastic about their jobs (I've never been to a pet-related place, like a vet, pet store, etc, where the employees didn't say hi or give any attention to the animal). We went into the exam room and waited about 10 minutes for the vet tech to come into the room. Then, after she finished, we waited another 15 minutes for Dr Funk to come in. The doctor was very quick with his exam, and seemed to brush off my questions (about heartworm testing and prevention, and the need for flea and tick protection or dental care). I left with more questions than I came in with. And, after going to my new vet and having all of my questions answered thoroughly, I realize even more the lack of care I received at this vet office.
4	The animal technician was extremely friendly and she was so nice to our pets that we just adopted from the humane society. Dr. Funk was very nice and took his time to examine each pet (we had a guinea pig and a rat) and even took the time to play with the rat and tried to teach her some tricks. He showcased our guinea pig to everyone else in the office as he is a big rat! Over 4 pounds of pig, he is the biggest pig I have ever owned or seen ever. Very nice doctor and answered any questions we had which were not many since we are very well familiar with rats and guinea pigs for many years. Very clean and nice animal hospital.
4	I can't understand all the negative reviews for Dr. Funk here.  I have found him to be an excellent, compassionate and caring vet who has taken good care of cats and ferrets for us.  He's always been attentive to our questions and the needs of our pets, and even showed us how to give ferrets subcutaneous fluids to help them when they get dehydrated.
5	I have had 2 different dogs who were lucky enough to see Dr. Kelly Moffat, and her staff.  The first dog lived to be nearly 15 yrs of age, which is a very long time for a golden retreiver.  Dr. Moffat's knowledge saved our first golden retreiver's life 3 different times.  She is brilliant.  Her staff has always been cordial AND very informative.  I always feel matters are under control at the front desk.  Some vet offices staff act like they are there just to answer phone and take messages...YOU WON'T FIND THAT AT VCA.  THE STAFF IS WELL ROUNDED AND VERSED.Our second golden retreiver was provided the first year of services from another vet, and our golden was extremely upset and would scratch out in anger.  After the first year, I was able to return to the vet of choice VCA/Dr. Moffat and staff.  Our golden retreiver was so happy and so was I.  THIS PLACE IS NUMBER ONE IN MY BOOK.
4	I've taken my guinea pigs and rabbits to Dr. Funk for years, and he is a great, compassionate, and friendly vet for exotics.  I brought my dog to Dr. Moffat recently, and she was very thorough, and had a lot of good tips and handouts on how to work on some behavior problems my little furry friend had.  She is a behavior therapist as well as a vet, which is a nice plus for those that will need some extra help with their dog or cat.  The staff here are very friendly, and I haven't had to wait a long time for any appointments.
5	We've taken our animals to this veterinary clinic for many years.  Our animals, cats and dogs, have always seen either Dr. Funk, or Dr. Kelly Moffat, but I've heard nothing but good about Drs. Monarski, and Danner whom I've never met so can't comment..    Our pets have been taken to VCA under circumstances ranging from regular health maintenance, to critical care, and when finally necessary, euthanasia.  The deaths of those of our pets who were put down were, without exception, occasions of gentleness, compassion, and genuine concern for the comfort and consideration for the animal as well as for us (usually me as I try to avoid having my wife see to such things).   Surgery has ranged from treating infected wounds from cat fights, to major oral surgery to actually somehow replace the roof of one of our old cat's cancer-ridden mouth.  Fortunately, Buggity-Boo, 20 years old at the time of surgery, wasn't just put down because of his age or the expense of the surgery that prolonged his life.  Unfortunately, I don't remember who did this amazing surgery whether it was an in-house doctor, or a visiting specialist, but I know that taking old Boo to the doctors at this clinic was the best thing we could have done for him.  His recovery was painful, and somewhat slow but remarkable, nevertheless.  He lived for about another year and died of causes unrelated to the devastatingly severe cancer that occasioned his oral surgery.  This amazing event alone would cause me to praise VCA.  Dr. Richard Funk has always been cheerful and very tender with our pets. His skill as a medical practitioner is beyond any criticism.  Dr. Kelly Moffat, a young doctor, is wise beyond her years and her skill in treating cats will certainly eventually make her a legendary figure among pet owners.  I think Dr. Moffat has 5 or 6 cats of her own.  I have nothing but praise and great respect for each of these fine doctors and it gives me great pleasure to be able to give them the credit they are due as truly dedicated and talented professionals.  They would have made fine doctors in human medicine and we pet owners are fortunate that they chose instead to devote their efforts to improving the lives of little creatures who cannot look after themselves.  Although rare, on a couple of occasions the girls at the front desk were either unprofessional or, in my opinion, incompetent.  However, as I have just said, those occasions were very rare and do not typify what I've come to expect from staff at this animal clinic based on many years of experience with them. As a rule, the girls at the front office have been cheerful, respectful, competent and, in general, very sweet and courteous.  Given enough time, any business or professional office is bound to hire someone who is either unpleasant or incompetent, but such people are not typical of this clinic, and it is unfair to judge an entire organization by a person who probably didn't last there very long.  On two occasions, when our pet was suffering from an illness of extreme seriousness, or of an unusual nature, the doctors here have referred us to another, unrelated animal specialist clinic (Arizona Veterinary Specialists in Gilbert) where they got excellent care from doctors who commonly deal with the uncommon.  For this selfless advice, which they gave for the best welfare of our pets, rather than for the selfish gain of additional business, I can only say that their ethical standards are of the highest order.  Such behavior is the hallmark of integrity and these doctors certainly have that!  I can understand that some might have criticisms for either the staff, or possibly even for one of the doctors, but those criticisms center on an experience, one occasion, not a history encompassing the many years on which I have based my comments.  Before this clinic became VCA it had different ownership (Mesa Veterinary Hospital).  The same doctors were there during that time.  When there was no major turn-over of the medical professionals, it was a great relief to me.Without any reservations whatsoever, I heartily recommend this veterinary clinic and its fine doctors to anyone who loves their sick pet and seeks to obtain the best possible care for it.  I'm confident, based on my own many years of experience with them, that you, and your animal friend, will be treated as well as I have always been.  The best medical care for anyone, human, dog, cat, or anything else is expensive, but as in anything else when you pay for the best it's unreasonable to expect to pay cheap. I consider the thousands of dollars I've spent over the years for the care of our pets at this clinic to be money well spent.  Knowing I have done the best I could do, with the best doctors I've found, consoles me for the loss of those pets who didn't make it and comforts me that those still living have such fine doctors to look after them during their little lives.  What more can I say?Richard Jordan
4	This is a great vet office. The Dr. Moffit is who we deal with mainly and she is wonderful! The place is very clean and well kept. The front desk staff and Vet Techs are all very nice and great with the animals. They are a little more expensive than the other vets we have been to, but we definitely agree that it was worth the extra money. We will continue to go here while we are still in the Mesa area.
5	DVM Richard funk is a amazing vet and i trust him with my animals 100%
2	I'm not impressed with this place. My dog was vomiting all day and there was bloody mucus in his stool. My regular vet wasn't open until Monday, so I rushed over to this place late at night because I was worried it was something serious.The staff at the front desk were very pleasant and helpful, but the vet didn't seem to really know what she was doing. I showed her the stool sample that they asked me to bring in. She took one look at it and said it wasn't worms. Well, that was a relief, but she didn't address the bloody mucus in the examination that followed. She felt around my dog, mentioned that he had a big bladder (okay?) and wanted to do a blood test to check his kidney function. The test was $190...that was on top of the $105 office visit fee that I would have to pay just for bringing him in. $190 for a blood test is ridiculous. I know that kidneys have absolutely nothing to do with a GI problem from basic anatomy, so I was confused as to why she thought a big bladder was more pressing than bloody mucus in my dog's stool. I thought maybe she was worried it was cancer, so when I asked her, she said no, it probably wasn't cancer. So again...no reason for bringing up a blood test, as my dog wasn't having a urinary issue.When I asked her again about the bloody mucus in the stool, she said it could be a bleed somewhere in his GI tract, but couldn't offer any suggestions or treatments. Instead, she again brought up the blood test.I finally told her that I would wait until I could see my regular vet because I couldn't afford a $190 blood test (who could, really?). We left and after paying, the vet tech came out and handed me a sheet of paper on a "bland food diet". I asked if I was supposed to put my dog on this diet, and she said yes because it might be the new food that I was giving my dog that was causing the mucus. I asked the vet tech why the vet didn't bother bringing this up during the exam, and I didn't get an answer.I don't usually like to say these things about places, but I really had the feeling that they were trying to milk more money out of me. I mean, why bother waiting until after I've decided to leave to offer really helpful suggestions on the very reason why I came in the first place?My dog still isn't feeling well, and I feel like I just handed over $105 for nothing. Now I'll have to wait until Monday to take my baby to his regular vet, where I'll have to pay yet again for someone to tell me what's wrong with him. At least this time I know that my vet won't charge me a ridiculous price for a blood test (if one is even necessary).I wouldn't recommend this place at all.
1	I went here last week for my courtesy vet follow up after adopting a puppy  and I was very disappointed with the unprofessionalism that went on in this office. The "Office Manager" was so classless she told me she wouldn't call the Humane Society for any shot records, and she told me "If you think I have an attitude, I do". All because in the folder the Humane Society gave me was missing my 4 month old puppies shot records, I'm disappointed that she clearly could careless about my puppy. There was no one there to help me besides the aggressive "Office Manager", she even went and told the Doctor to make me leave because she was ANNOYED with me. It was really ridiculous, I would not recommend this place to anyone. Its not even clean and these people seem very shady, like half way house shady... Ewwww
5	We have been taking our pets to see Dr. Moffet & Dr. Danner for many years.  They have always taken such good care of all of them.  When our kitty got sick & we had to make the heart wrenching decision to put him to sleep, Dr. Moffet was there to comfort us & let us know we were doing what was best for him.When I was pregnant I had to take my dog in for some tests & I was very ill from "all day" sickness & had to race out of the room to the restroom, when I returned, Dr. Danner had almonds & a cup of water for me!  We have since moved to central Phoenix, but we still make the drive to Mesa because we feel that Dr. Moffet & Dr. Danner are the best vets to take care of our fur babies.
5	I love this office!!!! I cannot say enough about Dr Funk and his team. I brought my 1 year old Veiled Chameleon in for some skin issues and Dr Funk new right away what the problem was. He does not hesitate to let you know the problem and does not give you crap for not recognizing signs and symptoms sooner. He is extremely well versed in reptiles and is very, very easy to talk to. His office staff is always so friendly and happy to see you. You can definitely feel the passion in this office. I will continue to recommend EVERYONE I meet to this office. And I don't mind waiting an extra few minutes for quality care for my pets. Absolutely worth it!!!! Thanks Dr Funk and VCA!!
5	I am very happy to give VCA Mesa Animal Hospital a review on here.  I started going to them approximately 1998.  I can't say enough about the doctors here.  I have never had a problem getting an appt., sometimes same day appts if I call early enough.  I've dealt with Dr. Funk, Dr. Moffat and Dr. Danner.  They have all been very helpful and caring to both me and to all my dogs.  The office staff knows me and addresses me by name.  When one of my furbabies had to be put to sleep, I was crying so hard the girls at the desk were genuinely concerned for me driving back home.  That meant alot to me, it really showed me that they cared.I will never go to another animal clinic as long as this one is available to me. :)
5	We have two female Dobermans, litter mates, that had been having terrible fights with each other.  We were told that the only way to solve the problem was to get rid of one or both of them.  We were at wits end when the vet that sewed our pups up after their last fight recommended Dr. Moffet.  Dr. Moffet put the more aggressive of the pups on a mild regimen of a calming drug.  The results were incredible.  The dog fights stopped almost immediately and a year later, the two dogs are getting along like the best of friends.  Neither is aggressive and they are fine around people and other dogs.  I would recommend Dr. Moffet to anyone that has an aggressive dog.  She truly saved our dog's lives.  We are very grateful and would not hesitate to recommend VCA for behavioral problems as well as regular veterinary services.
