4	I am a fan of Dr. Nassar and Smile Design Center (I visit his office on Ft. Apache). I had to get dental x-rays, an exam and detailed paperwork filled out after my return from the Peace Corps. Dr. John took the paperwork home with him to complete and allowed me to return it to the PC office quickly after my exam. He also did a price quote for a problem with my tooth that occurred while I was in the PC and now that it has been approved I will definitely be taking my business to "Dr. John", as he goes by. His staff is friendly and helpful. I was referred to Dr. John by my boyfriend and I now I know why.
5	I really hate going to the dentist... even more than your average person. (Bad childhood experiences involving Eastern European dentistry with no anesthesia.) So it means a lot when I say that my visit to Dr. Nassar was actually pleasant. The staff was friendly, helpful and very patient. My cleaning was completely painless and stress-free and the doctor really took the time to talk to me and go over what I needed done. I didn't feel rushed or like my questions were being ignored. The office manager was knowledgeable about what my insurance would cover, one less thing for me to stress about. I'm very happy to have found this dentist.
5	Love this office. Dr John is amazing. Quick painless comfortable office. And he has me laughing the entire visit
5	I have been coming to Smile Design Center for just over 6 years... these guys are amazing. Dr. James and Ashley are awesome and super friendly. The other staff is always nice and friendly. I will continue to come here as long as I live in Vegas.
5	This office is amazing! I love these guys & I recommend them all of the time! I've never waited more than 5 minutes, but it does take forever to get an appointment. It's because they're that great!
5	AMAZING DOCTORS!SIMPLY WONDERFUL CUSTOMER SERVICE!Ask for Ashley, she is amazing and awesome to talk to. My mouth has never felt better and after the exam and treatment all I want to do is recommend EVERYONE to go here!
5	Amazing dentists that really take time with their patients, and care about us patients!!!
5	I cannot way enough great things about Smile Design Center and Dr. John!  I have been a patient there for six years and they have always made me feel comfortable and welcome.  They never rush me, everyone is friendly, and they care about the fact that I am terrified of the dentist!  :)  I recommend him to everyone I know!  Thank you guys for being so awesome!
5	I have been a loyal customer since 2004.  Recommend this office and Dr.  John to everyone.  Office is clean.  Staff is friendly and always ready to help. Dr.  John is knowledgeable,  very friendly,  always remembers me and my family,  and has always made us feel at ease and comfortable.  Even when I had to have a root canal I was impressed with how I felt no pain what so ever.  I love my dentist.
5	AMAZING WORK!From start to finish! The receptionist Ashley is so helpful!Doctors were so easy on my teeth!Nothing but love for this place. Ask For Ashley or Rina!!!Thanks guys!
4	Dr James Nassar is outstanding and sensitive to my dental pain. Anytime I have had to have a procedure that includes some amount of drilling he has been willing to give me a medicine to take just prior so that I would be able to doze through it. He and all of the office staff are very kind and easy to work with.
