5	This place is great! I went in for my free eyebrow was and absolutely loved it! Left me feeling great with cleaned up eyebrows. The front desk receptionists are super nice and welcoming. Very affordable  and professional.. they don't make you feel all weird. :) I definately recommend this place. I will be going back!
5	I hate having my eyebrows waxed, but Brandi makes it painless and fun! Plus, your first time is free!
5	Always clean, friendly staff. As a first time guest I went to Kacie and she is very professional and I highly recommend her for all waxing services. She made me feel comfortable and I will keep returning to her for my waxing needs.
5	I have to say I was really nervous for my first bikini waxing, but Char (Charlene) so was nice and professional, she totally calmed my nerves and made the whole experience much more comfortable than I thought possible. I would definitely recommend her to anyone and I've already booked my next appointment!
5	I had never been to a European Wax Center before and was very excited to learn about the establishment. The location was clean and the staff was extremely helpful. The girls at the front desk were friendly and made me feel welcome. I was a little nervous, but the second I walked through the doors I knew it was going to be a great experiance. My wax associate was Tori. She was incredibly friendly and put me at ease. I had a lot of questions regarding their different services and she was patient and friendly while explaining each different service. She even told me about current and upcoming promotions to help me find the best price for my desired service. She made the process painless and comfortable. I loved their products and staff. I will definitely be returning to this location, and to Tori specifically.
5	I have gone to European Wax Center at a couple different locations throughout the valley but I had the best experience yet when I had a face wax with Tori. It hurt less than ever before and my eyebrows were exactly the way I wanted. She really listened to my requests. Love European Wax Center and will definitely use Tori every time.
5	I only get my brazilians done here. Seriously, I don't trust anyone else! I love that they use the hard wax instead of strips. So much safer, quicker, and less painful! Also, very reasonably priced. Only about $40 for a Brazilian when you can easily pay $80 for one at a salon! They also offer many different packages, which they always offer to you when you check out. I think it's definitely worth it if you get waxed regularly. I usually don't buy one during the year, but I always get a wax package for the summer when I know I'll be in regularly. Customer service has always been great here too. I'm a fan and recommend this spot to all my friends.
4	I never gotten a brazilian wax before. I done bikini in the past. Since I moved to Arizona I havent gotten anything done. I was surprise how many location they had here in AZ. I book my appointment and I was set up for a first time customer. I got 50% off for the brazilian was which came out to be $21. Super cheap and worth it. Kacie was my wax girl she was great. She talked me through the whole process. Because I was scared as hell of being waxed down there. Believe me, she made me feel so comfortable I hardly felt the pain most people worry about. I will be back soon for my next appointment.
5	Nothing about a Brazilian is fun but Brandi has the ability to put you at ease. She is hilarious, comfortable, and professional. I have been to several people at different locations but Brandi is so fast at it. I'm not sure about you, but I don't like to hang out all day long. If you want someone fast and comfortable, Brandi is your girl.
1	So they have a deal that first time customers get 50% their first Brazilian wax so I decided to get that done, the armpits, and a full leg done as well, so I made an appointment. When I went in the waxer Char said my hair was a little too short, but she did my armpits because the hair was long enough in those areas. This made me ineligible for the 50% of the brazilian wax which would have saved me more money. I spoke with the manager and rescheduled with the understanding that I would still get the 50% off discount. A week later I arrived for my appointment 10 minutes early, and waited.... and waited, and waited, 40 minutes later I simply had to leave, if we had started waxing then I would have been late for something else I had going that day. The receptionist had no explanation for me, and I ended up having to run home and shave as fast as I could. I would love to rate their Brazilian  services but I never was able to get it done. The armpit wax was sub par, I was waxed by Char and I left with hair still growing, hair that was waxed was growing back in 3 days. Rating the wax: Meh, totally not worth it. Rating the service: don't make appointments unless you pretty much have the whole day open I guess. But the staff is friendly.
5	Had never gone to the centre before so was a walk in. Was welcomed warmly and taken care of immediately. Had Char for a brow wax and she was awesome. The spa is extremely clean and the service was fast and done with confidence. As a person with a handicap the staff was helpful and tended to special needs with my wheel chair in the spa and helping with getting around. Will be back and am telling everyone how impressed I am with their services.
4	I love this place! Char is a great technician and I always look clean and polished when I leave.They are very professional and flexible.
5	Well   I have finally found my girl!!!  Chelsey Dean is by far the best, most gentle,, most through of them all.  Soo pleasant  takes her time smiles and talks  just a wonderful experience and who can say that about a brazilian!!! I am a little older and appreciated her care and charm!!!  great job Chesley!!!! hope I bring you lot's of business!!!  one very happy customer  Peggy Mcdonald
5	I had Kayla for my eyebrows and she was great! Very personable and wanted to make sure I was happy with them before leaving. The decor is very cool and the receptionist is friendly! Oh and your first brow waxing is free!! How cool is that? Dont forget to tip though ladies! Free doesnt exclude you from leaving a tip!
2	Worst location ive been to yet. Constantly messing up my appointment. Multiple times when ive had to cancel or reschedule they said the problen was handled and somehow my account went on probation for no call no shows? Their clocks are 6min faster than 3 different clocks synced to mntn time so when i showed this last time, 1min past my appointment they said there next opening was in an hour. Good thing they only have 2 good waxers. I wont be returning
5	Been coming here for a couple of years now...Kacie is the best!! Front desk people are friendly.
5	There is nothing more enjoyable than getting hairs plucked from your eyebrows it is such a pleasing experience. With that said I was really pleased with my service at the European Wax Center. I went in with a disaster from a waxing/plucking from Dolce and my stylist fixed me up. We discussed how we were going to get those sister back to normal. She did a slight grooming and opted to let them grow. It was a rough month but I did it and when I went back we touched them up and now they're back to normal. The waxing is delicate and not harsh and no over plucking!  We discussed what I wanted and what shape I desired.  Jackie gave me her input and I listened. As a new customer my first service was free and I has a coupon for my second visit. The $18 after that is well worth it and reasonable. Eyebrows are very important in a woman's life and should not be messed with carelessly.
3	i started coming about a year ago and it started out great. Except when all of their experienced waxers seemed to disappear. I used to go to Char and she was great but stopped working there. The last 3 people I've had have messed my eyebrows up royally. One girl got a huge glob of wax in my hair and didn't say a WORD about it and let me leave with it in there. Totally unprofessional. The next made my full eyebrows disappear when all i asked for was a clean up. So I had to wait for them to grow back in. I decided to try someone new, her name is Shantelle (sp?) yet again and not only was wax put on the same area about 6 to 7 times, one eyebrow came out almost half as thin as the other one. I completely broke out from being waxed in the same area over and over again because she said she "hated tweezing" I will now have to wait another few months just to let my eyebrows grow in again, they were messed up so horribly. After these experiences I finally was fed up and contacted them to see if I could get the rest of my eyebrow wax pass refunded. Not only did I try to stick it out and try new people, all of them screwed up horribly. They really need to re evaluate their waxers and not just hire anyone. All I can say for people going in, is DO NOT see Shantelle!!On the other hand, the owner Katie contacted me and offered me a full refund on my wax pass and a free consultation with one of their very experienced waxers to start getting my eyebrows back in shape. So while I have had a horrible experience lately, the fact that they have righted their wrong makes me bump up their rating by a couple stars.
2	Been a regular (read as: go monthly for services) client for about 2 years. Since February I've had a few scheduling issues with the place and a few run-in's with some front desk people who were not very pleasant. Spoke with the owner - she's committed to making the changes needed to turn this place around. Hope she can do it because this place was great until the past few months.  She offered to "make up" for the issues I've had which was a much appreciated gesture however I told her I had to look into other options at this point. I've always been happy with quality of waxing and had some good luck with waxers but just had one too many scheduling issues.
4	On a whim, and because I thought it might provide for an amusing experience, I asked my cosmetologist daughter to wax my back.  I don't think she wanted to do it, as I was immediately provided with 3 reasons why it would be more expensive for her to do it than EWC.  Hey, I wouldn't want to wax my dad's back either...I pulled up the website to perform a little recon, and noticed first-timers get a free waxing*.  Couldn't find what the star referred to, so I gave em a a call.  For guys, the free service could consist of an ear, brow or nose wax.  Booked!Showed up, checked in, answered a skin questionnaire and awaited my mistress of pain.  Her name was Kayla, she was petite, had striking blue/green eyes, and is a talented artist.  After verifying that she had not yet detached any of her client's epidermal layers, and she didn't plan to make me the first, I let her approach my ears for the freebie.Totally painless.  And since I had recently shaved, she had to tweeze some of the short hairs the wax couldn't pull.  I thought "this is going to be fun" as I removed my business blue button up long sleeve.It wasn't until the 5th or 6th strip that I started to question my decision.  Ain't no funny @#$% happening, and it was starting to sting/burn/hurt.  Found out that some guys just get up and leave part-way through a back wax.  Probably because they aren't made to pay if they capitulate to a TKO.Kayla suggested that I go to my happy place, and continued the depilation.  I winced with each spirited yank, like a captured spy who is continually open-hand slapped while bound to a metal chair.  Kayla, sensing my distress, or maybe noticing my perspiration sopping the protective paper table lining, would place pressure on the newly follicle-free area... and darn it, that helped.It was rough, but we got through it together.  The $58 was rendered, along with a generous tip (how much should one tip a back waxer?) and I emerged with revealing, beautiful skin... under my dress shirt.  I was strutting, glowing, and feeling fabulous!  I took those 4 steps to gorgeous, and I never looked back.However, when I fabulously strutted at home in front of the family, I was informed that there was a line of demarcation about two inches under my neckline which stretched from shoulder to shining shoulder.  It looked like a rip-curl of hair-nastys were about to white-cap.  Guess the neck and shoulders were not part of the full-back wax.  Must remember that for next time, or as I like to call it: 4 weeks out.See you then Kayla, and this time I wont ask you to take pics
5	I've been coming to EWC for so long now. I have a wax pass and I absolutely love it, best investment you can make! My favorite girl is at this location - her name is Chelsea and she always makes sure to do an AMAZING job! She is friendly, quick, and makes you feel comfortable! I've gone to a lot of locations throughout the valley and this will always be my favorite! The front desk girls are organized, professional, and accommodating to their guests! This location is worth going to!
5	First went to this place after being given a free eyebrow wax promo flyer. I have now been a client for almost 2 yrs.  I have seen 2 different girls over the last couple of years for eyebrow waxing- and both have been great! They listen and follow my requests regarding the exact shape and fullness I prefer in my eyebrows... After the first girl moved, I started seeing Tory,....Shes very meticulous about getting every hair possible, and I have never left unhappy or overwaxed.  The girls at the front desk are super friendly and they have always been good about calling me to remind me of upcoming appts...  I definitely recommend  the south chandler location!
4	I'm happy with my waxing here.  It's clean, and the staff is professional.  I usually go to Katie, and she is great.  She does an excellent job!  Very nice and puts you at ease.I've never had a problem with appointments.  Sometimes I need to reschedule and the people at the front desk are always accommodating.  They always give me a reminder call a day before my appointment.
5	Waxing your nether-regions doesn't sound like a pleasant experience, no matter how you put it. But Tori, a waxer at european wax center, actually found a way to make it enjoyable. I planned on only waxing before my wedding, and after my first experience with her, I chose to purchase a full year (+1 bonus month) which is about to come to a close. It obviously doesn't feel good, but she makes it as painless as possible and distracts me from any residual pain with wonderful conversation and her bubbly personality.Full disclosure, I probably won't renew the pass, because there was a price increase for the Brazilian wax pass and I am super cheap, but I did choose to continue purchasing other passes because they offer very reasonable promotions where you can buy 9 of one area and get 3 free, and I don't see myself ceasing to purchase those (they never expire, and work at all locations).But, for normal people who aren't as cheap as I am, here are some points you should know: The wax they use is of very high quality, EVERYTHINGGG is properly sterilized, the receptionists are sweethearts, the location is spotless and the interior design is pleasant. I have never felt uncomfortable in their office, they always call and send an email to remind me of my upcoming appointments, and Tori ALWAYS does a fabulous job. Your first wax is free (or Brazilian is twenty-something), so what are you waiting for?!
