5	What an amazing job!  My Tahoe has seen better days (you know, the days before the kids came along) and I had Detailing Gone Mobile do the "works" on my Tahoe.  I have been other places and I was happy with the work, but Brandon hit this one out of the park!  He is so meticulous in his work and he made sure that my Tahoe was clean from top to bottom, inside and out.  I am extremely happy with the work performed and I look forward to getting my other car cleaned.  I highly recommend Detailing Gone Mobile.  They treat your car as if it were theirs.
5	I had the interior and the carpet cleaned in my Tahoe and it came out amazing.They came directly to my office and were very friendly. Great prices, great service and so convenient. They are now programmed in my phone.
5	Sharing my home (and car) with four large dogs makes for a lot of fur -- on everything. I've had my Camaro for a little over 3 years, and it has definitely seen its share of dirt, grime, and, of course, dog hair. After procrastinating for several months, I finally decided to treat myself and schedule a detailing appointment for my car. Following a quick search on yelp, I decided to go with 'Detailing Gone Mobile'. In sum, I could not have chosen a better company to work with. This experience was unlike the other detailing (mobile or otherwise) experiences that I have had in the past, and I was completely taken aback.For starters, Brandon arrived 10 minutes early to my home (not 10 or 20 minutes late, as I have had to deal with before); he greeted me with a smile, handshake, and a mention of my name before I could even introduce myself; and he worked harder and with more accountability than I had ever seen anyone work before. He actually seemed interested in making my car look gorgeous.To make a long story short, my car hasn't been this clean since driving it off of the Chevy lot in 2011. Yes, even after getting it detailed in the past. Magically, Brandon got every last dog hair out of the mats and seats, the dirt out of crevices I thought it would be stuck in forever, and he gave my car's exterior the brand-new shine that I thought was only a distant memory. Considering the quality of work that was done, the price that I paid was beyond reasonable. I will sleep better tonight for two reasons: first, because my car is looking incredibly beautiful, as she should; second, because I will never, ever again have to search and mull over my options for another mobile detailing company. I've found my guy!Thanks Brandon!! =)
5	I found Detailing Gone Mobile through Yelp, and the reviews encouraged me to give them a try. I'm sure glad that I did! Brandon and crew do very thorough work. I'm very particular about what and how things are with my car, and they took very good care of it. I've had them back a couple of times, and I will continue to use them. Great personalized service, and dedication to making the cars look amazing!Prices are very competitive, and I'm very happy about the quality of work I received. Give them a try!
5	Had some hard water spots had trouble getting off wife's suv. Called Brandon made a appointment promptly showed up on time, he had his wife assisting him. They did a excellent job very detailed in there work, her suv looked great. The convenience of them coming to the house was great. Will use the services again!
