4	The Faubourg is in a constant flux of renovation but no matter how difficult it is to find the staircase or escaltor amid the construction, Bangkok, nestled on an unassuming third floor food court, always has a crowd. Now many people love marveling that "the best Thai food in Montreal is located in a food court." They're wrong. Bangkok is not the best Thai in Montreal but it is by far the best Thai for the price in Montreal. Most dishes are between 6 and 7 dollars (compare to 15-18 at the better and fancier Thai places). So it's good food for the same prices you'd pay for a pile of greasy noodles at Thai Express (although I admit to eating there once in a while but that's just because they're practically everywhere)The food is spicy too. Usually when I ask for spicy, it's not. I once saw a woman trying to return a green curry chicken because she said it was "too spicy." After they tried to explain to her that curry is spicy, she left her hardly touched plate on the table and walked off in a huff.  I laughed and thought to myself (although wished I had the gall to ask her to her face), "you ordered a curry. What did you expect? If you don't like spicy food, why are you eating Thai at all?"
5	This is THE best Thai in Montreal. yeah, it's in the middle of a grungy food-court but don't let that fool you. Their Pad Thai is out of this world, and yes they use huge plump, juicy shrimps, not this cheap Matane shrimp crap.They make everything to taste, if you want nuclear-hot, you got it. if you want mild, you can get that too. Their Beef with Aubergine, Shrimp Pad Thai, deep fried tofu, coconut water drink, all of it is simply amazing.Montreal has always had a problem with authentic Thai restos, either overpriced, or not authentic. Do yourself a favor and come here for your spice fix!
4	At first I was skeptical when my friend said that the best thai food in Montreal is in a food court, but now I'm a believer.  Third floor of the Faubourg (which sort of smells like glue and was creepily abandoned when we went at dinnertime), in the corner, is an incredible gem that should expand and make lots of money because they're so good.I had the chicken tom yum soup, which was spicy and creamy and hot, then we split an eggplant dish and pad thai with tofu.  The pad thai was very good, a big mound of spicy and flavorful food, while the eggplant was astonishing.  I had never tried Thai eggplant before so I can't really say whether it was better than its other incarnations, but I loved it.  It was almost too spicy and I was very grateful for the heaps of white rice under it.  Super cheap, super good!Eat here!
5	I love anything peanut sauce, and Cuisine Bangkok's still is the best in the city. Also, Garlic Pepper Squid. Green curry chicken. I like to get spicy or extra spicy and just pick out the hot peppers, putting them aside (it's too hot with the peppers, but on medium or mild I feel that the rice and veggies don't get enough flavor). Spring rolls are pretty great too. I tend to stick to veggies, seafood and tofu. The quality of the chicken and the beef are just OK, not fantastic. Squid and shrimp are pretty darn good though.
5	Best curry around. As far as affordable Thai food goes, the quality of vegetables and sauces is very high. I prefer it to any other Thai food in Montreal, let alone the St Catherine's strip. Its sister restaurant Bangkok 2 is nowhere near as good. The service at this "fast food" place in the Faubourg is lovely, fast and clean. I go at least once a week and am never disgusted or disappointed.
5	Best Thai food I've had in Montreal. I was in Bangkok a month ago and this is really, really close to what you can get on the street. The cooks are are really Thai, they import many things from Thailand (Try the imported coconut water - delicious!) and know what they are doing.Considering other Thai places in Montreal actually use vermicelli in place of flat rice noodles for pad Thai, you may find that having authentic Thai isn't what you're used to.However, if you're not from around here and have a craving for good, properly made Thai food, this is it.
5	this is easily my favourite place to eat in montreal, let alone the best thai i've ever had. everytime i order a veggie pad thai elsewhere, i constantly compare it to bangkok and how i'd just rather be sitting in that depressing foodcourt.
5	The food was amazing. I had seafood PadThai and the coconut water drink was good too.  Overall the food was great according to the price. Great Value! They adjust the spice to your taste. I would highly recommend this place and will definitely come back :)
5	Upstairs in the mall, above the Starbucks. I had the egg pad thai and shrimp coconut soup; fantastic food!  I asked for "medium spicy" and got something that was comfortably spicy, which is unusual and nice!
3	Bangkok is something of an unexpected treasure. For one, it's a relatively legit Thai food restaurant - no Thai Express, no close-proximity. (When you buy the pad thai, you can tell almost before taking a bite how real it is. Sensational seasoning!) It's maybe not exactly what I remember, but I'd be surprised to find anything similar in walking distance, if not in the city at large.Secondly, it's on the second floor of a food court. In Singapore or Kuala Lumpur that's not unusual, but in Montreal, that's pretty surprising. Most stalls would suffer, but clearly, Bangkok thrives. The stall may have various signs up of awards that seem no newer than 5 years ago, but the surest sign of its popularity is the tempestuous line-up of people waiting for their food. When a stall can keep a steady stream of customers to closing, you know it's a level above everyone else.The downside is service. The counter girls don't quite have a full grasp of their own menu. When you order, you get a number. Which sounds relatively foolproof until they give you the wrong order anyway. Since the average dish is 8-$10, it goes without saying that you should open up in front of their staff before heading out.I'll be sure to give this place a go next time I'm hankering for Thai food. I just need to make sure they serve what I order. :)
4	Seriously the best pad thai I've ever had in Montreal. My uncle first ordered it as takeout and gave it to me try several years ago and I was in love. It's got a hint of sweet and spicy taste to it. But not too sweet! Not expensive at all. I've tried only their pad thai but they have a variety: shrimp, chicken etc. I always take my family to eat at this place since it's quick and cheap! If you're looking to grab a quick inexpensive bite downtown this is the place to go!
4	In short: great flavour, filthy location.This is probably the best place to get pad thai in the city. It's spicy and sweet at the same time. I like my food spicy but a medium is sometimes too much.  The fried rice and seafood eggplant are also delicious. Ask for an egg on your fried rice, you won't be disappointed. The ONLY downside to Bangkok in the Faubourg is...well it's located in the Faubourg. This mall needs a serious facelift and I've seen cockroaches scuttle by me on more than one occasion. Seriously good food but ignorance is bliss, when eating at the Faubourg.
5	Bang-onI rarely like to admit that my sister is right.  But holy mother of dragons, she is.Over the decade or so she's been in Montreal she's talked about "the best padthai ever".  Now, mind you, I'm not a huge Thai food lover.That said, being as this was likely my last visit to Montreal for the forseeable year or two, I wanted to try it.We walked to Faubourg, it's sad.  It's like the shell of something that used to be.  I suppose I would characterize it as ghettofabulous, in that it likely was a busy foodcourt mecca, but fabulous traded up leaving ghetto to fend for itself.  It's fending well enough considering there were a lot more people than I expected.  And most of those people were eating pad thai.  My sister got us the made-to-order tofu pad thai for an easy $8.Then we took a seat in the clean-ish but likely flithy seats.  Immediately I knew I was in for something special.  It doesn't look like your ordinary, and it doesn't taste like it either.  It was spicy, fresh, savoury, complex, and all around delicious.Blew. my. mind.It was the best pad thai I've ever had.
4	PROS:1. I was skeptical at first based on the location in Faubourg but the food delivered! My shrimp pad thai was savoury, spicy, flavorful and very generous in fresh bean sprouts. 2. It is cheap and quick (but at lunch it is always really busy, so expect a 10-15 minute wait)CONS:1. The location of Faubourg is not the classiest/cleanest, but if it bothers you, do Take-Out!2. The system of ordering and paying is at first visit pretty confusing. I had no idea where I was supposed to order. OVERALL:-Get their pad thai for lunch! You will not be disappointed ;)-Their tom yum soups are sides without noodles, whereas at Thai Express they're meals which I sometimes prefer. So for pad thai, bangkok. Tom yum, Thai express.
4	Order the pad thai medium spicy with chicken. It's cheap, delicious and you'll be hooked in seconds. That is all.
4	What a fantastic find! We came here based on the yelp reviews.Yup, it's in a mall food court, but it's definitely a local, authentic, awesome place. You could bring it home if you prefer not to eat at the mall!It was absolutely delicious. I can't say I'm a connaisseur of thai food, but once you eat this pad thai you'll know it's MILES away from Thai Express. And I liked thai express but I know it's low of the low.This pad thai was EXTREMELY complex and flavourful. I ordered it medium and boy was it ever spicy. If you like a bit of spice I'd recommend going much lower than medium. My partner really likes spicy foods and medium was more than enough for him, and at times when he bit into a chili it was way too much.CASH ONLY. All sorts of great ad-ons for cheap, like spring rolls, fried spinach, tofu, etc. Very small/cheap soups but they are hearty when there is chicken and all in there.
4	Above average authentic Thai restaurant quality at a foodcourt!!!  Cooked by Thai people and uses real deal materials, not MSG packets like most restaurants in Montreal do.Seafood pad-Thai was great!!!
5	Best Thai in Montreal, really cheap too.
5	The Pad Thai here is one of the best & legit I've tasted.  Just need to ignore the surroundings (hospital dining cafeteria lighting in under-renovation mini-mall) and go straight to this hidden gem.The first thing I noticed: a fair amount of fish sauce is used.  Which can be scary for some, but it's an umami explosion and is used all over SE Asia, so if you're wanting to get a hint of one of the region's unique flavors, this is a good start.  It's also more tangy savory than normal pad thai, hinting that a good amount of tamarind paste is used.  Another notch on the legit-belt.I opted for the addition of beef.   Was pleasantly surprised the bovine wasn't just "for looks" and to bump-up the price.  Although the quantity wasn't surprising, it was actually tender and a worthy addition for the quality & flavor/texture contrast.OK, now it's 3am and I have pad thai hankering.  Need to stop doing late night reviews.
5	Back for more.Chicken & Pineapple fried rice is light & fluffy and more subtle in flavor than the pad thais, but the texture is a nice change from the glistening greasy Chinese style fried rices (good in their own right, just different).Egg pad thai is lighter in flavor than the beef, although I'm not sure if this is just plate to plate variation or if this is intended.  The eggs were scrambled a bit long & dry for my taste, but it probably holds together better this way when mixed in with the noodles.  Overall, beef pad thai is my current top choice.
5	I've eaten here more times than I can remember. Yes - it's in a run down food court. And yes, the service isn't the best. But who cares when the food is this good? The servings are huge too. Usually we share a pad thai, and get an appetizer and dessert. The fried banana coconut dessert is cheap and delicious. The crab cake is great, and the vegetables rolls are tasty. The pad thai will keep you coming back for more. It's spicy, light, and just greasy enough. The cheapest and tastiest Thai food in town.
4	Truly good quality pad Thai. Fact that it is located in a food court helps to keep prices down.
4	As authentic as it gets, delicious and cheap.  Be warned: the building it resides in has been infested with cockroaches for a long time (the reason why Grunman 78 moved out) - the people in charge of the Faubourg are to blame. However, I can't help but tell myself to forget this fact because this food is A++
4	I've been eating here for almost two years now and I was shocked to find out that their vegetarian dishes contain fish sauce. After ordering here several times I was never told or even asked if fish sauce was okay. I was very disappointed. If they are going to advertise a dish as veggie then they should let it also be known that the dish contains fish sauce. On another note the pad Thai is actually amazing. Too bad they don't accommodate to vegetarians.
3	This one is a tough one for me to rate - I think all of the reviews stating this was the best pad Thai in MTL really set my hopes unrealistically high. It was good and the portions are quite huge but I thought it was just medium.. Pretty typical pad Thai. I think I just didn't find the flavours to be super awesome...which is what I look for when I eat Thai food. You do get a lot for $10... I'd say try it under reasonable expectations!
5	Was a little skeptical of this place because of the location, but luckily we were pleasantly surprised. This place had the best Pad Thai we have ever tasted. It was very flavorful. It wasn't too greasy and the portions were huge! The price can't be beat either! We definitely want to go back for more before we head home.
4	Good pad Thai gai, large portions. They used dark chicken, which my boyfriend liked, but I would've preferred white chicken. Also tried the spring rolls which were good, not too greasy. It's located in a food court with other Asian restaurants which were mostly closed when we got there at 8:30pm. There's a Dollarama next door which is convenient.
4	I used to come here a lot back in the day and I always remembered it to be decent.There is a large variety of choice on the menu, the portions are large, food tastes good, and prices are fine!Nothing to write home about but basically a nice place to go to when you have no food at home and need a quick and satisfying meal!
4	It had been a very long time since I had eaten some Bangkok.  Too long.  So when a friend asked where I wanted to go out for lunch one day in the Guy-Concordia area, without hesitation I offered up Bangkok.  And was I ever satisfied!Bangkok is by no means fancy.  It's a fast food stand in a foodcourt, a half empty foodcourt at that.  But knowing that Bangkok has been holding steading for 10+ years now, through the various changes and renovations to the space says something.The food though . . . yum!  For the price, it is an amazing deal.  If you are not absolutely ravenous, lunch at Bangkok could easily become lunch for the day after.  The menu is long, but it's pretty repetitive: various proteins cooked various ways, a few fried rice dishes, a few noodle dishes, a few soups and apps, and that's it.  They give you tons of rice, so choose something with a lot of sauce, like a curry, and you've got lots of tasty saucy rice to fill up on.  Having a tough time choosing?  Pick something off the list of specials, that come with a soup or spring rolls.A little bit of advice: when you are asked your preferred level of spiciness, be honest, because they aren't joking around.  Spicy will induce tears. Medium is a good level of heat.  Mild still has good flavour.  There is a sign releasing the restaurant of all responsibility regarding level of heat . . . and they mean it.
5	I'm sure the rest of the menu is just fine but I really don't care if it isn't. This place has the best Pad Thai I have ever had and that includes many recommended places all across Thailand which have been said to have the best Pad Thai (most of them were really good too).I would debate long and hard on giving up my first born for the recipe to this Pad Thai sauce, it is so amazing whether you choose to have it mild or very hot you'll truly be amazed at how awesome this Pad Thai is. Go try it now, you won't be sorry
5	Best pad thai i've had in Canada. Note that medium spiciness can kill many people. If you are not good at it, order it mild!
4	I went to Bankok by chance as I was here at the Fauborg with having some Ramen in mind to try,  but the restaurant was not ready and the owner said it would have been another 30 min.  I didn't feel like waiting so I decided to keep walking to Bankok as it intrigued me.  The woman at the counter politely had a system in place.  Place order at one station, pay at another.  With my cash payment they provided me with a number for my order.  This impressed me, as organization at a restaurant shows me a sign that either they are usually super busy and need some system or they are just organized people!  After reading a few previous Yelp reviews I decided to go with the Pad Thai Chicken for my lunch.  At ordering I was asked how spicy.  Since spice to me is relative I asked how spicy is their medium.  The girl mentioned it's pretty spicy for most.  I asked about their mild and she said there is no spice whatsoever.  So I went with the medium.  After I ordered I saw a funny sign above that read "we are not responsible for the level of spice you have ordered".  This to me is hilarious!  I can only imagine other people have gone back and said "I can't eat this it's too hot! Give me another"!  No dice for those!  The Pad Thai was one of the best I have eaten!  Lots of flavour and wonderful perfect amount of spice!  Really delicious!  Now I've seen that they had possibly problems with cockroaches in the past.  I don't care, and will give credit and hope they have resolved their issues!  Who knows if they didn't I'm sure the health board would have stuff them down!  The Pad Thai was so good I need to go back! This is seriously how a Pad Thai should taste!  For $10.86 taxes in how can you seriously go wrong!  The hot version should only be eaten by a true Thai or someone who can handle a 5 alarm chilli sans water!
3	The food court is a little sketchy in places, but it is clean and has free bathrooms and wifi. As for the restaurant - great chicken pad thai and crispy noodles. No complaints here!
2	Cash only. Run down mall, hole in the wall feel. The curry comes dumped on too much rice for the amount of sauce they serve. Judging by the other reviews, I probably should have picked a more Thai style dish like the pad see ew, but it doesn't seem worth the trouble to go back.
4	best restaurant in the shit hole that is le faubourg and that is saying a lot. its not the best food ever but it does the job. and if you are a hungry student, can't go wrong.if you can't stand the heat, don't ever ask for more than medium! medium is already burning hot.anyway, it is what it is, good satisfying fast food at ridiculous price in the crappiest of places. don't expect a sensory overload or foodgasm.
