1	DO NOT BUY FURNITURE HERE!  The Salesman, Robert Baranello will lie to you about their policies, the manager Nathan will yell at you if you try to explain a situation.  Both of them tried to weisel their way out of abiding by store policies.  Robert spent over 3 hours talking about his autistic kid (which he wishes he did not have) his mail order bride of an ex wife, his planning to scam money out of a Christian school to get money to go to another country to have stem cell research done on his kid.  He will talk all about his "horrible life" and not about furniture.  MY ADVICE: STAY AWAY FROM THIS STORE!!
3	Interesting previous review.  My experience was pretty good, trying to decide on style and color.  The manager David had the warehouse move furniture from one location to another for comparison.  Great service in that respect.  Still trying to determine what I want, but they were a huge help in eliminating what I didn't like.
1	One important point to make note of:   You may have to followup NUMEROUS times to ensure any refunds due you are actually refunded.   It only took 3-months to get a refund for furniture that we refused upon delivery as it wasnt going to work for our needs AND we called our salesperson at that moment to inform her and that we wanted the refund posted to our credit card (policy of company).  She assured us it would be taken care of, well here we are 3-months later.  POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE!!  YOU GOTTA BE KIDDING!!
1	If I could give ZERO stars I would!!!!!On March 31st, we purchased our couch. Our experience at the store was easy and our sales person seemed knowledgeable. We found a sectional that we liked and were able to customize it for ONLY a $100 more.  Our sales person told us that we would have the couch within 4-6 weeks. After about 3 weeks I called the store to ask for the status of our couch. This is when all the problems started. The store was unable to find our purchase. After a few hours of searching they were able to locate our order. They had the order under the wrong name and the contact phone number was transposed. That is when I started asking questions. They informed me that it was their error and they would update our information. At that same time I was told that our couch would be in their store the week of June 22nd.The following week I then called to check the status again. This was my first contact with Ricky (the store manager). He told me that it was his first day at that location and to please go easy on him. I simply asked for an update on our couch. That is when he told me that I was given the wrong information about when the couch was to arrive. He told me that my couch was not even going into production until July 8th. I asked if there was a way to expedite the order? I was told no.On July 8th, I contacted Ricky to get an update and he told me that the couch was in production and it would be on a truck by the end of the week. I then called Tim in their customer service department to ask if there was anything they could do to expedite our order so we could get the couch in the time they had promised. He informed me that he was unable to do anything but provided me with the regional managers contact information.I contacted Mike Norris with their corporate headquarters and left a message on July 14th to discuss the situation with my couch. That same day I also contacted the store to find out the status of my couch and was told by Ricky that the couch was on a truck and was on its way to the store. I asked Ricky where the couch was coming from so I could get an approximate date of arrival. Ricky told me that the couch was coming from CA and he wasn't sure where. Another lie. With trying to reach Mike Norris I was having zero luck. I then contacted Tim in customer service again on July 15th to find out if he could provide me with more information. That is when he informed me that my couch was NOT on a truck and they were hoping to get it on the following day! Another lie!On July 16th, I was finally able to reach Mike Norris and I told him of the entire situation. He apologized to me and told me that my couch was on a truck and he would further investigate all of the issues. I NEVER heard back from him. I have left several messages since. On July 18th, Ricky contacted me at 10:30 AM and asked if I would like the couch on a same day delivery... I said ABSOLUTELY! He told me that the couch would be on the truck that was departing at 4:00 PM and that the driver would call one hour in advance. I was so excited. They were finally going to do something right. At 8:00 PM I had not heard from the delivery truck drivers so I contacted the store. That is when I was told my couch was NOT on the truck. The store manager at that time again apologized and said she would have Ricky call me first thing in the morning.The following morning I did not receive a call, but my other half did. The store had left a message telling us that our couch was not going to be delivered until we paid the final balance. We were pissed. Why had no one told us that prior? They had 6 1/2 weeks to get it. We were also told by our sales person on day of purchase that we did not have to pay in full and could pay the remainder of the balance at delivery! Another lie. I contacted Ricky and was infuriated! After many choice words with him, we were told that because we had chose to customize/special order for our couch we would not receive a refund. We ended up paying the remaining balance and was told again the couch would be there after 4:00 PM with an hour call ahead. At about 1:30 PM we received a call that our couch was 20-30 mins out. The delivery driver came to our home and dropped off our couch. Out of curiosity we asked if he had just picked up the couch. Turns out our couch was on the morning delivery truck the entire time. Another lie!From this experience, I will NEVER purchase thru the room store AGAIN and would highly suggest no one else do the same. If you are looking for a headache free company do not buy through them. Also, if you are looking for a company that won't feed you lies, do not go to them! Worst customer service ever!!!!!!!!!
