4	I've been looking for a yoga studio in Gilbert that catered to hot yoga, and I found it! The studio is clean and well laid out. They have a variety of yoga swag if you are looking for a new mat or towel. And while the classes are sometimes packed, the instructors are helpful with all levels.Parking is ok, they are located in a Safeway shopping center so there are plenty of spaces.  The studio also offers classes throughout the day catering to early morning and evening clients.They offer a $20. 2-week special for first-time clients. Their pricing is a bit high, but after trying to find a good hot yoga studio in Gilbert that was clean and accessible, it's worth it.
5	I was referred to this studio by a classmate. The classes are amazing! The studio is very nice with hard wood floors and regular and ambient lighting. The teachers are really hands-on and help you learn proper positions. Classes are offered several times throughout the day to accomodate every person's schedule. Try it!!!
5	Things I love about this place- very clean and cute! - they have everything you need - mats, towels, toiletries, locks, drinks- the atmosphere- they have a lot of classes throughout the week at all times- they have excellent instructors working here- plenty of parkingI do wish it was a little bit more affordable, but you definitely pay for what you get here. This is the best yoga studio I have ever seen.
5	This place is sweat-tastic! Just what you need on a weekend after a night out.  Lots of classes and times and a great staff.  They keep it challenging and fun!
4	This is really the only official yoga studio I've ever trained at, so I don't really have the luxury of comparison here, but I can tell you that HOT YOGA is definitely worth it. I find cold-stretching to be uncomfortable at best, painful at worst. At Sumits Yoga, the temperature is HOT so you don't have to worry about cold stretching-incurred injuries. Breathing is sometimes a challenge because of the temperature, but if you maintain a meditative, zenlike calmness, you'll be okay, & you'll find it actually clears the lungs & sinuses so you end up breathing better. An awesome experience!
5	I absolutely love going to Sumits Gilbert - all of the instructors are fantastic, the studio is beautiful, and the workout makes me feel amazing.  THANK YOU!!
5	What a great place.  I first used a Groupon to try it out and was very happy with the classes and the instructors.  Everything about this studio is wonderful.  My favorite part?  They remember you - so you're not treated like a cheap person just because you bought a Groupon.  They welcome you and you leave every single practice feeling like a million bucks.
4	This is the 2nd yoga studio I have been to, but it's much better than the one I use to go to. Energy and vibe is very positive.The practice area is on wood floors, apposed to carpet at my old place. I would say its a different pace of your traditional bikram yoga. I really do feel like I had a hard workout after each session.The down side is that the men's shower/changing is small. There is only one shower and one toilet stall, so you have to wait in line for the mens.Being a rookie I had to look in the mirror and around to follow around for the poses. I do like the energy here and it's a great place to tryout.
4	I first came here with a Groupon like many people. I only did two of the ten sessions I was allotted, but I found the classes to be fun and challenging. When it got too hot to run outside, I came back to Sumits for an even sweatier and butt-kicking workout. I lucked out and signed up during a sale advertised on their facebook page so I got 15% off my package. The studio is nice and large and is kept very clean by the staff. After seeing how much some people sweat, I know it isn't an easy task! The front desk personnel (often the instructors) are friendly and informative without rushing people. Two types of classes are offered: the 80 min standard class and the 1 hours flow class that often focuses on inversions. I really like the flow classes on Tuesday and Thursday mornings. Since most of the Gilbert moms are busy dropping their kids off at school, the class is pretty small which allows for more personal attention. I've had Amanda as an instructor a couple of times, and she is contagiously positive! My only beef is the volume of the music at times. I really have a hard time hearing the instructors when they're blasting Top 40 at an ear-shattering volume. That's when I have to rely on my fellow classmates for cues.Lastly, a couple tips for other first timers lured in by the Groupon: 1. Bring a beach towel to put over your mat so you don't slip. You can also rent the nice thin towels at the studio 2. Wear tight, sweat-wicking clothing. I hate watching people attempting to tuck in their baggy t-shirts while going into downward dog. 3. Don't attempt these classes if you aren't already in good shape and working out regularly. It's very challening and requires lots of exertion. There are other more gentle forms of yoga out there. You need to build up to hot yoga.
5	Awesome! Great instructors, nice clean studio. If you like your yoga hot, give it a try.
