4	I went flying with Kenneth Irvine of West air aviation when I was visiting Vegas. He was very approachable (and looks like Burt Reynolds funnily enough) and really knew his stuff. We did a walk through of the sectional map for Vegas before we went flying which gave me more hands on knowledge of the airspace.The C172s that they fly are a bit old and the one I flew didn't have a glass cockpit, but I actually found that more enjoyable than having the modern cockpits with its fancy displays. We flew that baby around Nellis AFB, Lake mead and along the mountains. I was a little disappointed we couldn't fly through the Class B airspace near the strip, but that wasn't really in our control either!The entire outfit was very professionally run and I enjoyed my combined instructional/joy ride with these guys. Also thought the price was quite reasonable. Would definitely come back next time.
5	Wonderful fleet of aircraft! As an experienced pilot, they have the right tools for the job. Wonderful staff and owners. Highly recommended!
5	I have been flying with West Air Aviation for 2 years now and the people, planes, facilities are great.   They have a wide variety of planes to fly and you can get all your ratings at a great rate and in one place.  Daryl Governale is the Chief Pilot and is always courtious, friendly, and a   good, patient trainer.  He provides all the necessary background you will need to learn to fly proficiently and safely.Jim, the owner and his wife Jan always make you feel welcome and right at home.They have an Army Trainer T-41, Cessna 182RG, Cessna 172R, and other 172's to get you flying right away.  They offer the 1937 Beechcraft Staggerwing for sight seeing and flying.  I have flown it several times, what a great vintage airplane!I hightly recommend the place,people, so why wait, go and get your ratings now.
5	I've been a private pilot since 1999 and since I have always rented planes and been a member of a fly club I feel that I can justify the expense of renting a plane and instructor when I travel somewhere. Besides Vegas I have done flights with instructors in San Francisco, Orlando (helicopter) and in the UK.I have used West Air three times now when I have been in Vegas. The first time I rented one of the 172's. In 2011 I flew the T-41B and this past weekend I rented N7565X, their 182RG. I had Daryl Governale as the instructor. Daryl was a very competent instructor - I have about 75 hours in 182RG's and Daryl was not one to hover over the controls. 65X was a nice plane that flew well. Rigged very well. All that was needed was light control input on the yoke to maintain altitude and heading. The former owner put over 40K into the avionics.  We planned a flight using my WingX program on my IPAD that took us over the Las Vegas speedway and well into AZ to see the Grand Canyonn. We then flew down Lake Mead and made a circle around the Hoover Dam. Ground speed was 140-165 kts the whole trip.There are several arrivals back to the North Las Vegas airport and since I did the Corteses arrival last time I opted for the "numbers - numbers" arrival that only the locals know. Daryl said approach will only give it to you 50% of the time. Once cleared into the class bravo airspace and cleared for the approach I flew directly over the Henderson airport, turned to a heading of 110 and then flew directly over the numbers of the parallel runways 25L/R at McCarran airport which took us right past the Stratosphere and the strip for a right down wind on 12R at North Las Vegas. Total flight time was 2.2 hours. 3.0 instructor time with the preflight. Cost was $600. Spend it at West Air or lose it in the slots. Just depends on what you want to do when you're in Vegas.
4	I recently completed a Aircraft Checkout/BFR with West Air Aviation.  I enjoyed the flight and found the Instructor to be very competent and complete in his evaluation of my flying skills. I used to fly with a company out of KHND unfortunately, their prices became unworkable for my budget. The prices are more reasonable here at Wesr Air.If, you are looking to rent an aircraft I recommend you consider West Air Aviation.
