4	My husband is a "Do It Yourself" kind of guy, which I love about him!  We shopped around to check out materials, pricing, etc.  A couple months ago, we bought the Dynasty Cream Marble.  Really good customer service.  Every time we've gone in there, people have been willing and available to help us.  We're going to add more marble and also go some kind of wood-laminate flooring.  We went back and they have the type of flooring we are looking for.  We just happened to be in the area so we stopped to look around.  I'm sure we'll go back here when we're ready to start our flooring project.  Other than the customer service, I'd have to say my favorite part about the store is all of their displays.  It's a huge store with lots of stuff to look at to get good ideas for your home!
1	Since I live around the corner and was starting to price out laminate flooring, I decided to stop in here to see what they had. We went midday on a weekend and while they do have a large selection of laminate hardwood flooring, it didn't seem any of their products included attached padding. I wanted to get a price anyhow with padding included under the floor. Went to the register to ask if I could ask someone for an estimate and was told, "Can you come back another day? We're really shorthanded today."  Ummmm ok, I guess I can. I called twice after that, and nobody could assist me any further. Purchased my flooring elsewhere, went back last night to check out quarter round, and the minute we parked the car and were headed towards the door, one of the employees stood in the doorway to advise us that they were closing the doors in 4 minutes. If you want your business to make a profit, you don't stand there telling customers looking to buy product from you that you're closing, making them feel like they're a burden to you at the end of the day. Now, I've worked a "closing" job before and while it is frustrating to try and close and continuously deal with customers, NEVER have I made it clear to the customer that we were closing, or rushed them out of the store!  I was so incredibly pissed off that when I finally found the product I wanted to purchase, I decided that their customer service was horrible and I will not spend my money in their store. I will pay more money for the product I need, with better customer service. Piss off Floor Decor.
5	Awesome store. Great customer service and great on the pocket book and great selection. If you are a DIYer, this place is awesome because they have how to clinics.
4	The selection of tile, and different flooring options are great. The prices are cheaper then what ive seen at Bigger stores. The employees greet you right away and help you find what you need. Great hours as well.
2	Despite the good selection of material and great pricing, I rate F&D low mostly due to their staff. They are unprofessional and rude. You have a feeling that they don't want your money and they do everything in their power to repel customers! I don't know what is wrong with them! Jen the cashier, you are not doing me a favor! You have a job and you make a living because of us customers! Whenever I shop at F&D, I regret it due to aforesaid  reasons. Yet, I suck it up and go back for great pricing! Too bad...
5	I wish that I could have taken credit for finding this place on my own accord... But thats all due to my Philly gangster of a real estate agent... "I's gotta place you's gotta go to's"Floor and Decor is nothing less than incredible. We have a fourplex with 4600sq ft and 100% of our flooring has come from here. All of the shower tile and backsplashes have come from here. The staff isn't perfect, but there is a few shining stars. The prices are astounding and the selection is large. All of our slate, ceramic, porcelain, stainless, glass mosaics, bamboo, engineered hardwood, grout has come from here. After many thousands of dollars spent here, I will recommend them highly. Take it from (now a renovation veteran), after remodeling the first condo, you learn whats necessary and whats frivolity... Now on the 3rd place, the learning curve is acute. Use tile instead of mosaics. Carpet is gross. Tile and hardwood. And granite. Go here.
5	I love Floor & Decor! I first found out about it while remodeling a condo in California and fell in love with the place. When I found out we were getting one here in Vegas I was excited!Needing to get materials to redo the floor in a kitchen and front entry way I knew Floor & Decor would be the first place to look. Upon entering it is an open and spacious. I was greeted as well the people I was with by the cashiers.I have to warn you that it can take a while to make a decision because they have isles and isles of options.  We found 6 that were our favorite and had to keep narrowing it down until we found the perfect one. Usually it seems it is hard to find just  one that you like. The prices are really good. None of the ads or even the website do the store justice you just have to come in and see for your self if you have a project in mind and at least check it out.The store is clean and there are plenty of employees in eyesight if you have any questions. I did notice this location said it was an outlet on a sign as I walked in.
5	It was my first time going to this store, I never new it excited till I heard about them from a friend. It's a huge store with many different selections to pick from the first thing I noticed was the great customer service I got as I stepped inside, everyone was saying hello even one guy employee right as I stepped in a huge smile and one loud hello haha...asking if I need help they were all just so helpful. I went in towards the late afternoon after lunch and noticed a big rush of customers on all sides by the registers I noticed a bunch of workers but only one guy ring up people, he seemed to be fine even though it looked crazy. I bought a few items and there prices are amazing I just love this place for all my projects, Will be coming back.
5	I never write long reviews & won't here either. I drove all the way from Summerlin to Floor & Decor because the guy installing my tile recommended it. GLAD I DID!!! They have a huge selection, nicely displayed w/ plenty of design examples and their prices are really good. I originally was planning on using tile from a large home store out of their in stock inventory, but found something I liked better at F&D. The price was the same but I had a LOT more to choose from at my price point. Their inventory is HUGE. I was approached several times asking if I needed help and when I finally did the young man walked me through the isles that fit my criteria. As a plus; they have a wall of business cards from bonded and licensed tradesmen too, just in case you need on.
3	The stock is unpredictable. If you see something that catches your eye, snatch it up before it depletes. Some of the items are on its last leg, so don't miss out. Especially if you are planning on doing large areas in a singular style. If you break down the the spaces then there will be fewer issues with the stock.There is an abundance of employees, so finding someone to help you is the easiest part. Having them navigate through what they have and match it up with bull nose edges and other pieces is more time consuming and not always fruitful.
2	Floor and Decor has a great selection.  However, if you are looking for customer service or design advice, you will not find it here.  Our first trip to Floor and Decor, we asked to see the in house design specialist.  It was 4:30 p.m, and we were told she left on a family emergency.  The next scheduled "designer" was not due to arrive for another hour.We returned a few days later at 5 pm, and it seems we missed the designer again, who had just left.  But the next designer was due any time.  She was running late as she has another job.  When she finally arrived, it was a young lady who seemed nice enough, but was not helpful at all.  She offered very little design advice...any questions I had were drawn out of her.  I asked questions about travertine, but she knew less than I did, and I had recently reviewed info on travertine from their website.She finally showed us some tile combinations, but not until we asked what our options were.  It was like being assisted by a petulant teenager, but without the charm and knowledge.Floor & Decor is great for do it yourselfers. But if you need design advice or ideas, this is not the place.  The design staff I met knew very little about flooring and customer service.  They should take the time to hire associates with actual flooring experience, and the very least--some communication skills.
1	Took an hour to get tile to me after I bought it. Last trip I asked for discount on clearance tiles, only 24pcs left. Kim the manager decided that lowering the price wasn't worth it. It was marked up higher than the same other tile pieces in different color. So there wasn't any true clearance price.  Deceiving. And they would rather be greedy then make a loyal customer happy. Bad business decision.  After spending 3k at floor n decor, im now I'm taking my business to Bedrosians.
5	My folks decided to put new floors in their home.  So, after pricing a few places, we decided to go with Floor & Decor for everything.  We went in and priced everything and ordered what we needed.  We were given great service, and after we paid for the flooring they brought out the boxes to our truck and they loaded it up for us.  It was a bit of a workout to get everything done but, they made it much easier for those of us who are do-it-yourselfers.  My folks have already decided that they were going to do their kitchen next and this will be the first place we go to pick up what we need.
5	I had wonderful service including help in selecting trim pieces for floor and back splash. I returned samples three or four times until I had nailed down the combinations I wanted to purchase.  I spoke with at least five different employees over about seven visits and all were friendly and courteous.  Christina has a great eye for design combinations I would not have found for myself and my final result is really classy.  The stock comes and goes quickly but if you need tile quickly at a very competitive price this is your go to store.
4	I have purchased many things there. All the people that work there are nice and helpful. Good prices and good selection. I was happy with the experience.
5	I am in the process if remodeling the inside of my home and after looking around many other places I ended up here. I have been here before to purchase laminate flooring and was pleased with the price, quality, and service so it just seemed right. After much debate with my wife we finally picked out new flooring. I went up to the cashier to tell her I wanted to pick out about 26 boxes of laminate flooring and she right away came over to get the info in it. I also needed some tools to put the floor in and was having new what I needed but was having a hard time finding it. The woman who was helping me walked all the way to the back of the store just to get the tools I needed. Very cool of her. By the time the flooring and supplies were rung up there were 3 guys that has the boxes at my truck ready to load it in. I will be coming back in the next few days to get some molding that is much cheaper and a better selection here than at home depot. I also saved a few hundred less by buying my flooring and supplies here vs other places I priced and checked out and the flooring has a lifetime warranty. Score.
5	I just remodeled my shower and this was the only place I went. The customer service was great. The sales guy was really nice and helpful. And when I had left over tile that I didn't use, I just brought it back and they refunded me. :) Yes some of the stock is limited and mine even took 2 weeks to come in but it was worth the wait for the price I got it for. :)
5	If you're looking for hands on help and input and can't figure out a project yourself you should just be in Home Depot or Lowes anyways. You'll pay more but if you can't do it yourself, don't go to a "do it yourself" place. It's a great store for contractors and people who can do projects on their own and know what they want. I've bought a ton of tiles and materials here and never had a problem
3	Great selection of tile ranging from porcelain to natural stone. Floor and Decor does offer competitive prices however the customer service experience is fairly awful. I was running low on marble for my kitchen and needed something to border to fill spaces. I saw some beautiful travertine tile for $1.59, but chose a nice ceramic tile with a stone pattern instead. My father and I were waiting on some assistance, but nobody approached us or asked if we needed help. My father walked to the front of the store where he saw a lot of the employees standing around the register just talking and not looking too busy. Then he asked someone who appeared helpful for a cart, to which he replied carts are in the parking lot and pointed to the entrance/exit. After we got our cart, we noticed that the cases of tile were bound together in pairs, which we would eventually have to separated because we ended up needing an odd number of cases. Apparently, the customers are expected to carry their own knives because there was nobody available to offer any help with the packaging. After dulling my car key a bit from trying to separated the cases, a gentleman, who didn't look like he worked there, asked if we needed help. He then proceeded to write on a blank strip of paper and told us to take it to the register for checkout. Before checkout, we walked to the back of the store in search of thinset. The two young men working this department were very helpful in answering all my questions. Although these two dudes didn't look as though they worked there as well, they still approached us to see if we needed help. If it were not for the two fellas in the installation department, I would've given Floor and Decor two stars (one for the low prices and the other for the wide selection of tile). Because of those stellar guys I give Floor and Decor three stars. So if you're a manager and reading this...give those dudes a raise and some proper uniforms.
5	This place offers a warehouse selection and pricing with a boutique level of customer service (far better and cheaper than Lowes or Home Depot). The staff is extremely friendly and helpful (Cudos's to the Assistant Manager - Brian!). At 1st the only disappointment that I experienced was that they didn't offer delivery, but then Brian gave me the contact information for a recommended delivery service - "Silver State Delivery". Arranging for the  delivery service was merely a quick text message and $50 (upon delivery) for 750 sq feet of tile. Surprisingly,  the tile was delivered the next morning to my door in perfect condition. I honestly don't know how it could be any better than this! I highly recommend these guys!
4	I'm writing this review for my mom since she doesn't have a yelp account. We are redoing all the floors in our house and came here to buy the laminate and supplies needed. Our sales associate, Jeffery was very helpful and patient and even helped us apply for their in store credit. We had to do this because for some reason their system won't accept transactions over around $1000, which is frustrating if you are planning on getting flooring for the whole house. The manager, Joleen, came over to help Jeffrey and us out and was very nice and personable. She told is the system does this to basically everyone who tries to make a big transaction. So She helped us break down the transactions so that we could at least get some of the laminate and all other supplies that day. That's the reason for the 4 stars. The register should have a higher capacity for big transactions. It would avoid a lot of frustration. Otherwise, this place is great.
5	Bar far the best place for all flooring, laminate, title plus kitchen backsplash and stack stone, etc etc. prices and selection/quality simply cannot be beat!
