3	This place reminds me of Chipotle, except not Mexican, with orange and green Ikea decor, and much better tasting.  Offering mostly sandwiches, salads and chicken plates, it's a good choice for someone looking for something quick and fresh.  The Gruben with the turkey, spicy mustard and sweet cole slaw is very pleasing.  The rice pilaf was very greasy and oily - I don't think I'll be ordering that again.  They also have a kids menu and a limited breakfast menu.
2	Much more casual than expected.  (Everything is served on paper/styro plates/bowls.)  The food is very average.  None of it is bad, but not great either.  I had a Greek Chicken pita.  It was somewhat dry and bland and pretty small for $8.  The cole slaw was unique, but good.  Service was very average as well...not overly friendly by any means.  My wife got the salad sampler with chicken salad.  It was just okay as it didn't have a lot of flavor.  Overall, Zoe's was very average and slightly over priced for what you receive.  For close to $20 for 2, I would much rather got to Pita Jungle for healthy wraps and pitas.
3	visited 9/15/07we went here because Duck and decanter was closed...yes it reminded me of a Greek Chipotle to...had the chicken Wraps they where ok. ate for dinner would have been better as lunch...interesting mix of Greek and salsa...I wish the plate was as nice as the resturant..the paper plate thing...oh the green tea was good.
4	It's all about the chicken salad...I know that those people that reviewed Zoe's before me were not the biggest fans.  However, I think that Zoe's is a perfect place to go if you are looking for a healthy casual lunch.  Everything is made fresh daily, and it's pretty quick if you want it to be.I go in phases with ordering different items.  My first few times at Zoe's, I had the 'protein power plate.'  For $7.45, this is a great option - especially if you're into the low carb diet!  It consists of grilled boneless skinless chicken breast served with grilled onions over a plateful of Zoe's special slaw.  Pretty tasty - if you like feta cheese.  Don't make the mistake that my friend Allyson B. made and order this if you are not a feta fan :)My next phase was with the greek salad and grilled chicken... they give you a big portion, so it's very filling and Zoe's special dressing tops it off.  There is one surprise with this one though - Hiding underneath the salad is Zoe's special potato salad - assuming you like potato salad, you'll enjoy the surprise when you take a bite.  If not, you may need your napkin after that bite!After the greek salad phase, I took advantage of Zoe's 'dinners for four.'  I highly recommend the chicken kabob dinner.  My boyfriend and brother did too!  For $26.95, this was a great deal - it fed the three of us and we had leftovers.  It came with eight chicken kabobs, a huge container of rice pilaf, greek salad, and pita bread.  Great for a night that you don't want to cook!  (They also have baked chicken and greek chicken marinara dinners for four available).... and my latest phase is the chicken salad and fruit plate.  I am addicted!  It is a light, yummy, healthy, fresh lunch and leaves me feeling just satisfied enough that I haven't had the urge to order 'Yaya's homemade chocolate sheet cake' for dessert.  So, four stars for Zoe's Kitchen... I've experienced friendly service and great food at both locations.  If you do go to Zoe's and try the chocolate cake before I do, please let me know if it's as good as it looks?!
3	Man, I totally love the food at this place. The difficult part is when you are ordering takeout. Every single time I call in they mess up my order and have even charged my card twice for a dinner I had bought. Make sure when you eat here you are paying attention to what they are doing.
2	I went here once to check it out. Unfortunately, I probably won't be going back. I'm all for healthy food and would like more options when it comes to area restaurants but for me, Zoe's didn't cut it. Looking over the menu I decided upon the chicken pita. The food came quick enough, I think there was only one other patron in the place at the time. Anyways, the chicken was bland and flavorless. Hello, taste? Where are you? The pita bread was just as bad, it fell apart within moments. The only saving grace was the caramelized onions. A nice touch although not enough to save this meal. The pita came with a side of your choice (I opted for the pasta salad, pretty disappointing) and a bag of potato chips. Whatever. I thought this was supposed to be healthy eating? The decor reminded me of a fast food place in Europe: very colorful and bright. Perhaps one day in the future I may try Zoe's again, but for now two stars seems more than appropriate.
3	Working in the biltmore is really not too great for your waist line. There are tons of fast food and not so fast food places that offer not so healthy options. So, that being said, a friend and I decided: no more chipotle, let's try that zoe's joint I always drive by.The price: somewhat inexpensive. Not taco bell inexpensive but decent, like $7/person. The food: eh? I got the mediterranean tuna salad pita with the cole slaw for a side. The tuna was a little... unflavored. If i really wanted to have plain tuna, i would have gone to the grocery store and spent 99 cents instead of $7. The cole slaw though was actually kind of good. I've never had slaw with feta cheese in it!So to sum up: decent prices, okay food. Will I go back? Probably, just because it's better than Arby's or McDonalds.
1	I can't stand the way everyone hyped this place up when it first opened. It's way too overpriced for the cheap, lifeless ingredients they use. The food they serve here is similar to something you can buy ready-to-eat in a bag from a grocery store. Like the salad for example, they give you this huge mound of iceberg mix. Okay, I could have purchased this at the store, thrown it on a plate, and for half the price! Trendy decor isn't the only thing you need these days to run a restaurant, people!
2	I tried Zoe's for the first time last night.  It was "ok" but not "great".  There are *very few* vegetarian options, so I settled on a grilled cheese with tomato.  Ya know, when you go to a restaurant and actually order grilled cheese, you might hope it would be something special... maybe with a little flair.  This didn't have it.  It looked identical to something I could have made in a frying pan at home... and it came with a bag of plain 'ol Lays potato chips. I guess the saving grace was the side of  "marinated slaw".  Fresh shredded cabbage, scallions, feta cheese and a light vinagrette.  It was pretty tasty but not good enough to justify the nearly $10 I spent on the meal (with a soda).Sadness!  I wanted this place to be some great (easy food) alternative to the Chipotle across the street .
2	The following pretty much sums up my experience at Zoe's:Me: "Hi, I'd like the turkey pita please"Zoe(or sum other dumb bitch): "So you'd like the feta with feta?, would you like something to drink, or maybe a side of feta?"One word..... Sick! (and I actually like feta... well, used to)I will not be back.Oh, and some extremely old dood hit on me while I was waiting for my lunch. Now, while I don't exactly blame that on Miss Zoe, I am convinced that he wouldn't have been there if it weren't for all that feta.How is there more than one of these shitholes in the valley?? Someone please explain. blech!2 stars because my Sun Chips hadn't been tampered with... at least to my knowledge.
1	I have dropped Zoe's down to one star because it was catered in to a work event that we had recently and I was forced to either eat it or starve. Fuck you Zoe,  following me around town,  showing up at my work.... You're like a psycho stalker ex-boyfriend. What's next?? A dozen red roses and some slaughtered animal remains?? Bitch.
2	Blah for bland.Got the chicken slaw pita which immediately fell apart the minute I picked it up. I had to douse it with pepper and that bottle of oil they provide you with at the table for some kind of flavor. Would it kill to add a bottle of hot sauce on there too? Somethin'?Not memorable.
3	I'm not usually in this area but after a particularly disappointing lunch where I had to send my food back so I had not eaten, I was on my way home and Zoe's caught my eye. I've Never heard of it but I knew it wasn't around when I lived down here so I decided to check it out. Their menu seemed decent and healthier for you than most quick places. I decided to get the tuna sandwich with fruit (see pics) I declined the bag of chips that also would have come with the meal. Well as you can see it was nothing special and I'm not particularly fond of shredded lettuce, it belongs on tacos, but the sandwich was actually decent. Ice cold and not overly done tuna, fresh soft bread and good fruit. They even had Caffeine Free Diet Coke at the soda fountain. Now like others have said I could make something like this at home,but I wasn't at or near home so I didn't mind getting it here. If I'm back in the area I would probably go back to try that chicken salad Gabi is talking about and maybe some of the chocolate cake, it looked pretty good.
4	Yet again - I miss the days of working down on Camelback...1 - Egg Salad Sandwhich!  DELISH!2 - Chocolate Cake - Totally Different - Totally DELISH!Always clean!Always friendly!Always bright!
5	Shocking!!!! I am surprised at the bad Zoe reviews. Maybe it's what your ordering? Well maybe not so shocked it is healthy food peeps! It's not slathered in something or deep fried it is fresh. For a chain I rather like Zoe's. I have a great palate and do not eat a lot of sauces and such I like to taste the food. I enjoy the Mediterranean tuna with capers, calamata olives, and red onion. served on Zoe slaw. I am not a big fan of mayo so this oil based tuna is way better to me. Other Yummy choices...The chicken kabobs ask for well done a little dried but brown and tasty with rice and a salad. The tuna or chicken salads on 7 grain wheat is yummy, albeit a lttle plain I like it. I love the spinach quesadilla and the yummy salsa with just a lil kick. Try the chicken roll ups tasty with a lil salsa!The cake is delish! Rock out with your chicken out Zoes I will see you tomorrow!
4	Zoe's is a weird kind of comfort food.  If I am tired then I will happily pick up my 7 year old from school and zip into Zoe's on the way home.  She has evolved from ordering the no-crust pb&j or grilled cheese a few years ago to having the chicken salad on multigrain with lettuce and tomato.  She loves the pasta salad with basil and feta too.  We are both big fans of their chicken orzo soup - like chicken noodle but with orzo instead of noodles and big fresh chunks of chicken and celery and carrots!  The other night we all had chicken salad sandwiches, but I have enjoyed their hot dinners on occasion.  The chicken kabobs with orzo have delicious mushrooms and green peppers with them, yum!
3	Not too bad... But I say that with hesitancy. I had the pita pizza, which was delicious, but extremely overpriced. For $11 I got a small drink, "pita pizza" (which was really just a regular-sized pita topped with marinara, chicken, and feta), and a dinky salad that had no dressing. There are better deals on the menu... One of my friends got the "gruben" sandwich with a bag of chips (sans drink) for a bit over $7... but she couldn't even eat the thing because it was falling apart. As far as the space goes, it was clean and the workers were friendly enough. It was super loud, and definitely not intimate (if that's what you're going for). I'm not sure if I would go again because, in all honesty, it is a tad over-priced for what you get.
4	Zoes is apparently very disliked by the I'm-too-edgy-for-Phoenix-but-can't-cut-it-in-LA hipster "gourmand" crowd. I prefer their salad dressing to Newman's, though, and that chocolate cake is a damned mouthgasm. The limeade is good too although I'm sure every sip brings me closer to diabeetus.It's essentially fast food (what's the Greek equivalent to 'gringo'?) but I've never had a bad bite there. I ordered the protein plate in my Atkins days and now typically the Greek salad, which comes just as I like it, with absurd amounts of feta cheese. The potato salad is made with their dressing which I prefer to the standard gloppy mayo-soaked crap.
4	This is a good place to go when you're hungry, but don't want the "blah" weighed-down yucky, greasy feeling.  I always order the greek pita, well, because I'm a feta fan! Yes, a large amount of the menu has feta, so if you don't like it, you may want to rethink coming here.  The rice pilaf is delicious, I also love the fruit bowls (not a fan of the pasta salad).  Chicken salad is good, but I think it needs some salt & pepper personally. Yaya's chocolate cake is really yummy! All in all, I enjoy this place!
4	I don't get it.  Have my taste buds really started to fail me?  There are very few good reviews for this location, and I simply don't get it.  And the thing I don't get even more than the bad reviews, are the lack of people in this restaurant.  I went back again yesterday, had a delicious meal, and there was not a sole there.  Ok, so it was at NOON!I get the Protein Power plate.  Yes it is healthy, but it is also delicious.  The chicken and onions come on top of a plate of Zoe's slaw.  The Zoe's slaw is awesome.  A light coleslaw that has tons of Feta.  To be honest, this is all that I have had here, but when I want a healthy meal and I have already hit up Pita Jungle twice that week, there is nothing better than a little bit of Zoe's.People support this establishment, it is realistically priced, has good quality food that is tasty and nutritious.
1	Alrighty... here we go.This place has pretty decent food.  Its not terrible at all.  However, the place claims to be healthy and fresh... I have a fundamental problem with a place that uses styrofoam plates, styrofoam cups, styrofoam to-go containers and individually plastic wrapped forks and knives.Do you know how much landfill that is per person?  The food is okay, but there is nothing healthy or fresh about styrofoam.  F-  i wont be returning.
3	It's tempting to go to the McDonald's right next to Zoe's but I know my heart thanks me for the missed opportunities.Zoe's is great to grab a quick healthy lunch. A variety of sandwich options and hot plate options, you'll find something to like. My faves are the egg salad and grilled chicken hot plate. I'm more in love with the rice pilaf than anything else.The food is not extraordinary. It's just what you expect grilled chicken, greek salad and sandwiches to taste like, except if you order anything with feta, ask for it with LIGHT feta. I have to scoop off the feta when I forget. Some say its pricey for lunch and I think its just about right. $8-$12 for lunch is about right. So if you're looking for a healthier alternative, check Zoe's out some time and swing by McDonald's for a soft-served ice cream cone at least.
4	I worked for Zoes on Camelback for a few months in 2007. But my review will be true and impartial.I knew from the first time I ate lunch at Zoes that I wanted to work there. It was the most delicious lunch I'd ever tasted, and I wanted to eat it every day. So I did. But I only tried a few things once I found my favorite.The chicken kabobs are usually tender and juicy. The rice pilaf can be a bit salty, so make sure to have a drink handy.The Gruben is touted as a healthy version of the Reuben. It's not. The turky and swiss with spicy mustard and Zoes slaw on rye is full of hidden fat in the form of butter slathered all over the bread before it's grilled. It oozes sometimes.The sandwich I keep going back to is the chicken salad sandwich. Out of the 5 days I worked, I had that sandwich at least four of those days. If you substitute Zoes slaw for the iceberg lettuce, it adds some more flavor to the sandwich. The sides are much the same as the entrees, good overall. The pilaf, as I stated above, is overly salty more often than not. The pasta salad is my least favorite, but all of my friends love it. The slaw is delicious. My favorite is the potato salad, but it depends on the day. All of the food is made fresh that day, so it can vary from day to day. Usually it's a good, even mix. But the potato salad can be too dry, too wet, too much potato, etc. If you make it on the right day, you're in luck. The cake makes me want to gain 500 lbs. The problem with the cake is that it's pretty much all sugar. The first time I had to help in the kitchen and make the cakes, I wanted to brush my teeth immediately. I think the mix makes something like 4 cakes, but the recipe called for about 12 cups of sugar, and the frosting is a combination of granulated and powdered sugars with cocoa. That's it. No wonder I have cavities. :\I don't understand what's up with all of the bad reviews. I'm not biased, trust me. I worked there when it was a franchise, and the owner was an asshole. But the food is consistently great, and the service is always quick and polite. Whenever it's my choice for lunch, I choose Zoes on Camelback.
4	I am now hooked on eating here a few times a week! Their chicken pita sandwich#1 is amazing with grilled chicken and feta slaw. I seem to be gravitating to that sandwich and the kabob with rice. I love that the food is fresh and reliable. This is such a great alternative to fast food. I just wish they were open later than 8pm.
5	I found my home away from home!  This place is the healthy Greek Haven I have been looking for since I moved to Phoenix!  From the wonderful and friendly staff to the amazing food (chicken salad is the bomb!!!) Zoe's Kitchen is such a treat!  I love the chicken kabobs and the rice is awesome!  I have not once had a dry piece of chicken and their salad dressing is super tasty!Whenever I have a weird craving for something fast, I show up here. (and lately it has been 3-4 times a week)  I have turned on friends to this place and they also told me it was divine. (heresay perhaps?  So what!) I am not a fan of their chocolate cake though. I had to try it, and it seemed like something I could back myself.  That is the only drawback I could think of.  But who cares!  Chocolate cake isn't healthy for you anyway!
2	I wanted to like Zoe's. I love the logo and the font used on their restaurant marquee. But I just don't get it.  The building space at this location is bizarre, for one thing. Long and awkward and it's like a walk of shame to get to the bathroom if you've come in through the south entrance. The menu is also bizarre insofar as - there wasn't anything on there that I thought, "wow, i really want to try that." It's been several months since I went, so I don't remember what I ended up with, but my friend and I both agreed that whatever we had for lunch was too much to pay, not really what we wanted to eat, and not really comfortable in the atmosphere in which it was presented. Styrofoam serving options bring on the guilt that is generally felt when one eats at McDonald's and throws away more garbage than one consumed.  I haven't been back to Zoe's and I don't think I'm missing much.
3	Zoe's is good. Joanna W hit the nail on the head perfectly. I've had the Gruben and its really good as is the coleslaw (with feta in it).  I've been there 3 times so far, and each time I've gone there it was because it was close and it wasn't McDonald's (I love McDonald's don't get me wrong). While the food is good it is definitely not a destination spot for me. I wish they had some home baked chips instead of Lay's or Sun Chips.Zoes is supposed to be healthy and I would say its not unhealthy, but I wouldn't call this health food. It would be great if it was healthy and earth friendly! Like stop using styrofoam. throw in a few cfl bulbs here and there, get rid of the Honda Elements and trade them for the Honda Insight. Imma just sayin'.
4	Yummy food!!!! Period!!! Sandwiches are great!!! Customer service is great!!! I was at the counter while ordering, i was asking about the cake, they had on display and the guy gave me a free slice o cake cuz it was my first time there!!  cool place, good food.
2	How can I politely say that all this place has is "chick food." I have been here several times, and tried their limited vegetarian options. I found that the one with the mos flavor was the grilled feta. The feta gave it a nice flavor however the basil was lacking as were the tomatoes. It was original to use a fresh cheese like feta for a grilled cheese.The meal includes chips and a side. I usually go for th pasta salad as it is the most filling. The flavor of the salad is bland and I usually empty half of a pepper shaker into it. I have tried to spice up my food with the Italian dressing that is found on each table. I found it best to turn the bottle upside down and let the oil separate out, this way you can get just spices and vinegar, it goes well on the chips. Overall the meals here are a bit pricey for the lack of flavor and portions.
3	So I heard big things about this place from several different people, to say honestly I really wasn't to to impressed. I mean the food was good, but I guess they fail on presentation, I mean it kind of reminded me of a hospital cafeteria, and the bags of chips with your meal...I was like I could of got this at Subway for cheaper.Overall this place was okay, I see why they call it a kitchen because I could of pretty much made the food in my kitchen, and saved the gas and money and made my turkey pita sandwich and pasta salad at home, and had enough left over for the whole week. My opinion of this place would be a hometown subway, trying to be something its not. Zoe you are not True Food. Give up, be what you are a sandwich shop.
2	I was pretty underwhelmed by my Zoe experience. At noon, the restaurant was about half full and the available tables dirty with crumbs. I ordered the greek salad with grilled chicken. The menu said mixed greens but I got chopped iceberg lettuce, heavy on the yellow heart and watery - Note to Zoe - buy a salad spinner and skip yellow lettuce. The salad was bland and yes there is a dressing sitting on the table but it was pretty average. The feta was out in force. Yes, it's a greek salad but the scattering of cucumbers and strangely, caramelized onions. I stuck with tea. both green and unsweetened. Again, nothing to right home about a step above Lipton but not by much. All and all, I'll pass
4	YUM! Great price, and you don't feel disgusting when you walk out of the door. What more can you ask for from a fast food place?! Well...I do wish that they wouldn't serve Lay's potato chips and gave you an option of chips instead...
2	I might give it one more try.  The service was fast, the sandwich was relatively good but could have been more flavorable considering the price point of this restaurant.  Then came the food with a bag of plain lays Potato chips.  I think Subway offer more flavor for less money.  On the upside the coleslaw had an interesting twist with the feta cheese.  They could have cut it up better, looked like a shake out of the bag job.  Don't go out of your way to eat here.
3	Zoe's is fine, if you take it for what it is: a casual, counter-service spot to grab a quick bite during your lunch break. The food I've had there has been fresh and well prepared. Not particularly flavorful or inventive but I think you get a decent amount for your money because the sandwiches include a side (I'd go for the fresh fruit or the yummy pasta salad) and chips. I'd recommend the chicken tortilla roll-ups or the egg salad sandwich. I've been satisifed with both. I just wanted to offer my two cents because I feel like this place gets a bit of a bad rap on Yelp from people who are seemingly disgruntled that Zoe's sandwiches or ingredients are not more "quality" or "gourmet," but if you just adjust your expectations, you'll realize that you're actually getting quite a decent & convenient lunch for $6.75.
3	This is an ultra simple, fresh and healthy, locally owned sandwich experience. If that's all you expect, you will be pleased. I agree that eating so responsibly isn't as much fun.
2	I think we might have had way too high of expectations for this place. I liked how nothing had nasty mayo all in it, but the selection was very minimal and they didn't give me an option for my side so I was stuck with potato chips. The lady was super friendly and the food was okay, but nothing more than I would expect to pick up at the grocery cafe store on my lunch break. Probably won't be back here even though the prices are good. But I'd honestly be happier with Subway.
2	I see that the general consensus on the board is that the food is fast, fresh and simple. It sure is. I mean, not a French fry in sight. Strangely, for a place called "Zoe's" that wants to peddle kabobs and pita there isn't a tub of hummus or tzatziki in the building, and the plate was a bit dry without them. Ever hear of Maddox? His piece on Crappy Children's Artwork was likely inspired by the decor. Yiiiiich!!!
4	I like their tuna sandwiches, fresh cut fruit, and potato salad.Seems moderately healthy.I like the open atmosphere and the contemporary yet ergonomic interior deco.Faster than most places.
3	mmmm..Gruben in a pita, no spicy mustard. Great pasta salad and sweet tea that rules! Been going to Zoe's almost since day 1. why only 3 stars then? You're not getting out of there for less than $10, and the portions on the side items aren't very big...but I've never left hungry.
3	Zoes cafe, while not quite a disappointment, was certainly unexpected.I dont know why my expectations were so high, I guess it's because my string of luck w/ restaurants in Phx has been really great lately.My problems with Zoes are all easy fixes, that if taken into measure, i would gladly up my rating.the good:~the decor inside is really snazzy, and being thusly situated in a great area, it only really goes w/out saying that the interior would have to rival other artsy gnosh holes.~the service was really good, i had no idea what to order and the clerk suggested a sandwhich that i was already leaning towards (grilled ham on rye) he suggested several other dishes and explained why he liked them, the other dudes who worked here were all smiles and quite genial, they made you feel right at home.~the prices were all pretty decent and nothing was out of order, all fairly commonplace for the neighborhoodthe bad~the ingredients; while my sandwhich was delicious, and im sure everything on the menu is as well, i noticed some key factors that made me go "tch"  -shredded iceburg lettuce, c'mon really? would it be so hard to use a little baby spinach or butter lettuce, maybe even romaine? shredded lettuce reminds me of gradeschool tacos..  -store bought, plastic bag bread, really glad i had mine grilled otherwise the cheapness of this bread might have shown thru  -lays potato chips, never been a big fan, if im gonna go out to a restaurant and order a sandwhich and chips i'd like my chips to be of a tastier variety, cape cod chips anyone?  -minute rice, i chose rice as a side thinking i might get a cup or a scoop of jasmine, basmati, or long grain wild rice, but what i received was minute rice dusted w/ cracked pepper. not inedible just a little lazy.So those are my complaints, all easy fixes. All in all Zoes is a tasty, convenient, fast place to grab a bite, but the classy interior and quality of service bely the tragically "roach coach" aspect of some of the ingredients.just sayin...
4	Zoe's is great and consistent.  Got it to go the other day, same great chicken salad sandwich.  And I sent my daughter in (since she thinks she's so cool when she can do things like that) and they were very sweet to her and she was happy.  I like a staff that's nice to kids!
3	I came here for lunch after driving by this place a few times and was happy with what I had.The decor here is really cute.  Simple, clean and bright.  I went with the Greek Chicken Pita, and it came with a bag of chips, a side of pasta salad and a pop.   Total bill was $9.02.  Not bad!  The chicken was tasty, pasta salad was okay at best.  I took home my extras and had them as a light dinner. Food here is fresh, healthy and light.  Servings are healthy in size and would gladly return in the future.
2	I'll keep this short and sweet.Eight bucks for a chicken pita with lots of chicken and absolutely no flavor whatsoever.  I mean, no flavor at all.The place is mysteriously crowded.  I honestly can't imagine why.This is McDonalds for people who don't want to feel like they are walking into a McDonalds. Like McDonalds, it's also a national chain, so I'm not sure why people are saying it's "locally owned," or at least any more locally owned than your local McDonalds.http://www.zoeskitchen.com/menu.asp
4	I'm not to big a fan of rye bread, but I love Zoe's Gruben. The egg salad sandwich is also very tasty! Most of the things on the menu are healthy and light, except for the chocolate cake (which is VERY hard to resist)!
2	Soooo, I stopped in to Zoe's on a whim this afternoon. My ravished pregnant self was excited to see a grilled cheese with tomato sandwich on the the menu. One that also comes with chip and a side dish (I opted for the fruit salad.) for a reasonable $6.95. The limeade also looked yummy, so I got that, too. While I did have to drive about 20 minutes back to my office, I still believe that this meal would have stunk even if I sat down and ate it on the spot. The bread was burnt, the cheese was American - blech! (even though I see now, I get a choice of cheese instead of all the cheese listed, I wasn't asked.), and the fruit salad was all green apples. Excuse me, one piece of pineapple. The only thing that saves this place from one star is the limeade. And even that could have been less sweet. Skip this place. It isn't healthier for you, it's not local and it under delivered. :(
4	Ive been to Zoe's a few times in the past, but this review is about their catering. My mother in law has us over for dinner last night, but didn't want to cook, so she placed an order with Zoe's and dinner was made! We had a Greek salad which was HUGE! Fresh and tasty! One drawback however, they forgot to give us the salad dressing, no worries though, we whipped up our own. Next up the rice pilaf, it was pretty good. Maybe a tad over cooked, but the flavor was good. Lastly, the chicken kabobs! HOLY YUM! They were cooked perfectly. I don't like tomato's in the slightest, but I went ahead and tried one from the kabob and proceeded to eat 4 more tomato's, these things were insanely amazing! Good job Zoe's, thanks for making dinner a snap! :)
2	My Greek salad was fine but nondescript.  I was especially disappointed in the children's menu.  Pb & j on white bread...really?  we feed our dogs better.  I was hoping for some more nutritious options.
4	I have had nothing but great experiences with Zoe's.  We have used them for business lunches, and I come here a lot on my own.  The food is simple, fresh, and somewhat healthy, and the prices aren't bad.  The staff has always been very pleasant, which is always a plus.  I love the protein plate and the Chicken Slaw Pita.  Also, you can ask for baked chips if you don't want the regular ones!
4	I wind up coming here quite a bit because it's in such an excellent location.  The lunch menus are great -  you get a sandwich, plus a side, plus a bag of chip and drink all in the deal.  It's a great alternative to all the unhealthy  take out and drive thrus right in this same area.  Check it out next time you're in the neighborhood - I think you will enjoy.
4	Zoe's Chicken Salad Fruit Plate AWESOME~I eat Zoe's every weekend after i get done working out.  My two favorite Healthy Items on the menu is the Chicken Salad Fruit Plate and the Lean Turkey Pita.   The fruit is a wonderful selection of green apples, grapes, strawberries, pineapple and oranges.  Sometimes you get the melons but they don't over do it.  The homemade dressing is a perfect vinaigrette that coats the salad just enough, but doesn't make it over bearing.  Both of these items fill me up with nutrients and vitamins to help with the rest of my day, without feeling too full.  I highly recommend giving it a shot but make sure the salad dressing is included.  Sometimes they do forget it.
4	Zoe's is a great place for healthier, delicious lunch options. I love the Gruben on sourdough with a side of rice pilaf. The price is decent, the staff is always nice and I love the decor.
5	I've said it before and I'll say it again the best healthy lunch you can get quickly for $10 or less.  Very casual, almost fast food like.Their chicken is flavorful and moist, salads are fresh and hummus is scrumptious.  If your feeling deprived try one of their delicious desserts.
3	I used to love the grilled feta sandwich which is no longer on the menu but can still be ordered. Thing is: it's not as good as it used to be. The grilled onions and basil ratio was greater and it made a difference. Now, it's just OK. There are other good things on the menu (like the roll ups) but that sandwich used to be cravable... (I'm sure it was the basil - basil is crack to me!)Zoe's IS a really good option if you're looking to cater a work meeting... it's healthy and different from the standard giant sub alternative.Lame that the "free wifi" doesn't start until after 2. I get that they don't want people clogging the tables during a lunch rush but it's still lame...
5	Whenever I'm looking for a quick healthy lunch, and am tired of salads from the grocery store, I swing by Zoe's Kitchen on Camelback. For a long time I used to get the spinach and chicken quesadillas, however last time I went in, I realized they didn't have them on the menu anymore. The manager that was on duty was super friendly and helpful, and explained it was now basically the spinach roll-ups (add chicken). I must say, they are even more delicious!Is it your cheapest lunch option? Probably not. I'm a frugal person by nature, but it definitely beats eating Fast Food. So it's worth the extra buck or two to know you're not loading yourself up with tons of grease and carbs. I've introduced a lot of my coworkers to Zoe's and they all love it too. Now if only they can open up in Gilbert or Chandler near where I live!
3	I'm going to be fairly consistent with other Yelpers on this one. Zoe's is "ok". I popped in for lunch today as I was tying up some loose ends with my car dealer (Camelback Toyota--a review for another day).I needed something quick and was in the mood for "fresh". Of course, I hopped on my Yelp app on my iPhone and immediatey saw Zoe's.The menu is pretty basic. A bunch of salads, and sandwiches. Today, I chose the Steak Rollups with a side of potato salad. The rollups were good. Not great. It seemed like something I could've made at home. The carmelized onions were a nice touch.Something seemed a bit off with the potato salad. The ingredients and concept seemed nice. No mayo, always a plus. But, it was clearly lacking salt, or maybe even some sort of a citrus element. Perhaps, even some rosemary, but then again, I am no chef. Just a hungry man.My food came out within a few minutes, and the service was great.If I come back, I will try the pimento cheese sandwiches per Joel. For a great thirst-buster, try the Hibiscus Green Tea. It's fantastic!Bottom line, it's ok. I've had better, but 2 stars would be unfair.
4	Awesome lunch stop. A dollar or two more then most places but you cam tell the extra money is going into the food as the ingredients are higher quality. Sandwiches, salads and pitas.
3	Zoe's has a nice half sandwich and soup special. The Mediterranean-style chicken noodle soup is tasty and perfect for a cool day. My turkey sandwich was plain, but the ingredients were fresh and it hit the spot. Take advantage of the fresh pepper grinder to add some spice to your food.  My favorite thing at this place is the fresh limeade. This is basically like lemonade that is made with limes. It had a nice fresh and sour flavor, which reminds me of the natural limeade that I have tasted while traveling abroad. I encourage you to try it.Zoe's is a nice place to visit for an affordable, simple lunch with a homemade feel. It is a great alternative to fast food and larger chain stores that people typically frequent for a speedy lunch.
4	I know that this happened a few months back....but why did you change your menu???  My staple now (with the new menu) are the roll ups.  They are really good...and they do come with sides.  But I even feel that the rice doesn't even taste the same anymore.I will still be a regular for sure....but I am sad to see some of my fixes are gone :(
4	I moved to AZ from the South, and there is no sweet tea in the desert...except at Zoe's Kitchen. Their sweet tea is very close to what you get back East! I like the healthy fare here, and the Yelp deal of 10% off that I was able to use. My fave meal is the steak roll ups, no onions, with a side of fresh fruit, and the sweet tea. YUM!  An excellent perk is that your drinks are always 99 cents once you buy their large plastic cup and bring it with you on future visits. I wish they had additional options...the menu seems a little lacking for options. The employees here are nice and parking is pretty good.
1	My boyfriend and I try to eat very healthy and were in the area and hungry for dinner. We saw Zoe's  kitchen and thought we would give it a try... The only reason I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 is because the girl at the counter was pretty friendly. The food however was bland and terribly unimpressive. I had the Chicken Roll-ups and they were cold, pre-made and lacking in any culinary skill what so ever.  When I ordered them I asked if i could get spinach instead of lettuce and she said they are pre-made every morning so I can't change anything... Also, They claim to be a "healthy alternative" and they ONLY have white flour tortillas and do not offer wheat. In my fruit salad there were 2 ROTTED grapes and when my boyfriend showed them they said "oh, ok, sorry" then went back to whatever they were doing...Honestly, there are many better alternatives to go to and spend $7-$10 a plate... I do not recommend going there at all
3	My food was good but my gf ordered an egg salad sandwich w pasta salad and was delivered a tuna salad sandwich with fresh fruit. When they fixed the mistake, there was eggshell in her sandwich. No bueno.
4	We recently went to Yelp's Ultimate pleY Date! and received a couple coupons to Zoe's. I'm really glad we did! I tried this place when it first opened but haven't returned because I am not particularly a fan of Greek food. So I was very pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed it. =)Perry was behind the counter when we went in and she was so friendly and helpful! She helped with some recommendations. I ended up getting a grilled chicken pasta and my boyfriend got the chicken kabobs. Both were very tasty.
5	Another great lunch at zoes. Friendly staff. Every time I have been here it had been packed. But the wait to order and delivery of my meal has been very fast. I will definitely recommend this to friends.
3	Picked the chicken kabob it said zoes favorite it was.good not great nothing really specail about this place but good.for a.lunch
5	One of my all-time quick lunch spots in Phoenix (both this and the McDowell location). Love the Grueben (grilled turkey, swiss, slaw, spicy mustard, rye) and chicken roll-ups (tortillas, feta, lettuce, tomato, caramelized onions, salsa). To me it's a great marriage of Mediterranean and American, with a little Southwestern and Mexican flair. I also really like the limeade; go for the large cup and get refills anytime you visit for 99 cents. Chocolate cake is great too. It's a little pricier than average lunches and portions are slightly smaller, but way tastier. Note that parking is way easier here; it's become very difficult at the McDowell location. Another tip - if you're on Foursquare, sign in your first time and get 10% off.
3	Lets just set the record straight here. Zoe's serves Mediterranean just like Qdoba serves Mexican.When I say just like the Q, I mean the entire experience. Walking into the shop gives more of a cookie cutter national chain feel; which is probably because they are in fact a chain of restaurants. Zoe's food was average and unimpressive. I did like the hummus though. Their prices similar to independent and family operated Mediterranean around the valley; in some cases more. I would prefer to visit Cypress Grill, just up the street from this location, they're my favorite Medi in CenPho so far. The staff here was friendly, they took our order promptly and served the food within a few minutes. Don't get me wrong, the food was in no way "bad", per se. I just can't shake the feeling of "I've had better" when thinking about my experience.If you're looking to fill your belly with food just because it's time to eat, this might just be the place for you. If you're interested in a great Mediterranean meal, I implore you to please try something new. I likely won't be returning, we do live in the city of a million restaurants, go out and choose one! (but don't take me at my word on that just made up fact).Happy Yelping Phoenix, now where's my hummus?
5	So fresh. So tasty. So interesting. So healthy. I enjoyed the chicken pita pizza and they had wonderful Greek salads. My husband had chicken ka-bobs and loved them. Can't wait to go again. My mom bought a jar of their salad dressing for $4 because it was so good. The dressing also makes a great marinade.
4	I've sample a few dishes from Zoe's and I haven't been disappointed with anything I've had yet. The hummus is great, the salads are great, the sandwiches are great, the pitas are great, the kabobs are to DIE for and I am in love with their freshly squeeze limeade! The selection of sides here are amazing and I love how they are made as healthier alternatives to the traditional side. For example the slaw and the potato salad are made with no mayo and still manage to taste amazing.The decor in here is lovely, it's very bright and clean looking and the manage to have a decent amount of seating for how small of a space it is. You never have to wait too long for your food which is great considering it's all made to order. It's a bit pricier then say grabbing some fast food during lunch but it's a lot healthier too and I never feel guilty or bad after eating here. They also have all their nutritional information available online which I really appreciate. The employees here are also really friendly and helpful. I would definitely recommend checking this place out if you're in the area.
4	I really like this place... I used to live a block away and we used to go here all the time.  I'm a picky eater so I've only ever  a couple items but I love the chicken... Whether it be in kabob form or in a la carte chicken breast (off the menu, but happy to serve it) form it is really good.  The rice is amazing.  I've never experienced the bad service others claim and the staff has always been SUPER NICE... I agree it's not traditional mediterranean, it's like mediterranean with a "Beachy California" twist to it.. or something like that.  My better half loves their chicken salad, tuna, and their chocolate desserts are very rich and a good reward for a healthy meal.   I'm not sure why it's not getting that elusive fifth star, because there isn't too much bad to say about the place.
2	If you like bland food, this is definitely the place to go!!!  Ok, those of you who like bland food will never admit it and that's ok, but if you are looking for ethnic or even interesting food (or Greek/Mediterranean like it says in the categories), don't go here.  Their food lacks spice.  If you are looking for a lunch place and you like chicken salad sandwiches and plain hummus, this is your place.  Also, if you like the food at Hob Nobs down the street, this is comparable.
5	Can't believe there is a health food restaurant in Arizona.  Was very good.  Happy we went.
5	Zoe's is great!! The Gruben sandwich is the best and my husband loves the chicken salad. Its always clean and the staff is very chill, which is peaceful. Try is out sometime, its different, no other place that Ive been to thats like it.
5	I have never had a bad experience here.. The staff is always nice, the food is always hot and fresh, I'm a huge fan of their rice and although I don't come here as often as I used to because I moved to the middle of nowhere (Surprise, AZ) they still treat me as if I come here everyday.
1	Yuk.  A small group of us went there before the Tour de Coops.  Einsteins was packed, so was Duck and Decanter, so we went to Zoes because it was empty, and when we left, we knew why.  Food was grocery store stuff, and the pita had genuine Oscar Meyer ham in it straight from the package.  A place that supposedly professes health stuffs stale pitas with iceberg lettuce and nitrates. Whats worse us that the person at the register acted like we were irritating her.  Like she was busy!  I really regret going and wish I stood in line at any other place in the area.  For $10, I could have bought enough stuff at Safeway to pack 5 of Zoes second rate pitas, including quality ingredients they didn't, or a great meal anywhere else.  Cheesy, bland, corner-cutting and rude.  Dont bother.
5	What a terrific spot to enjoy lunch in the cozy dining area. The Greek salad with grilled chicken is excellent...fresh, light and filling. I would also recommend the roll up dinners for four. We get a variety of roll ups, chicken, steak and spinach. And their chocolate cake is amazing. This place always provides top notch service.
4	This isn't a Mediterranean place per se. I'm actually not really sure what it is. We'll call it a smorgasbord of lunch goodies. It's a cute place and I've been in for lunch a few times. It's not anything to write home about but  I enjoyed it. A reasonably priced place if you're looking for a quick bite.
3	This is a nice place to stop if you're short on time and would like a healthier option. There are plenty of vegetarian options on the menu, and you'll find pitas, sandwiches, and salads that are a nice change from other chain lunch stops in town. Although I don't frequent this place, I have noticed that there isn't much variation in flavor between the menu items here; this is probably due to the fact that Zoes tends to use the same key ingredients in many of the dishes--they just rearrange them. Nevertheless, the spinach rollups are yummy!
5	Stopped in and had chicken roll ups.   Loved them!   Can't get enough!   Monster cookie for desert and melted in my mouth.   Don't have Zoe's in Denver, but hope it happens soon.   Went to Zoe's twice in our three days in AZ!!,
1	Charged us $15 for a small fast food. Food wasn't good and based on the place and the quality, plates should be $6 not $15. That's what you would expect to pay for a really nice food and a nice restaurant in Phoenix.
3	Good for a fast healthy option that is reasonable priced, although you have to know what to order.I really like their tabouli, tossed greek salad and roll up entrees. Everything else I've tried has not been so great, the chicken is always overcooked so I've stopped ordering it, their tuna salad is super bland with an odd consistency, and the sauce on their chicken marinara tasted like it came from a can.
3	This is a "Mediterranean" version of Paradise Bakery.$6.00 - $9.00 for a sandwich. Add on more for sides and drinks.I asked the lady at the register if they serve coffee. She looked at me like I was crazy. Then, she replied as if she had worked there since it first opened:  "Zoe's Kitchen has NEVER served coffee in its history. Coffee is served at Starbucks." Yeah, no shit lady. That put them at 2 stars.Potato salad and cole slaw are made WITHOUT mayonnaise. That got them a 3rd star. I should have learned my lesson after Pita Jungle... Arab people cannot eat at "Mediterranean" spots. It's like a Mexican eating at Chipotle - comprende?
4	Chicken Kabobs where on Point!!!
2	Wow I just paid  $18 for a salad and humus.I can't say the food was poor, but I was surprised to find a cup of risotto  in my tabouli salad. Oval all I thought the value proposition was really bad. I wish I had eaten at Sauce next door, where the food is a little better, and the cost more reasonable.
3	Delicious, clean food. WAY too expensive for the amount of food you get.
4	I come to Zoe's about once a week to get the Greek salad, and that's been over the past three years.  Old reviews mentioned the salads only having iceberg lettuce which they did.  But now Zoe's has listened and they have some mixed greens.  Quality used to be an issue too sometimes as I would get my salad and it would be half frozen like it had been premade sitting in a cooler.  But that has not happened in forever.  So kudos to management for listening to reviews.  So obviously I'm a huge fan of the Greek salad but they also have amazing chicken/spinach rollups, white meat chicken, freshly cooked with spinach, shrooms and cheese.  Yum.  The hummus is quite delish as well.
3	Okay, so based on the owner's comment (which was very kind of her) and my co-worker's obsession with this place... I tried it again.I ordered the Chicken Kabob entree (two skewers, rice pilaf, Greek salad, onion/peppers) with a side of hummus and pita bread. It was surprisingly better than I expected. It didn't blow me away, but definitely not a bad meal. I think I'm used to heavier spices and more flavor, which I didn't taste with their food.I don't know if it was enough to continue ordering from Zoe's, but I wouldn't be against it either (as I was in my previous review). I definitely think everyone should give it a chance at least.
1	I've eaten at Zoe's often. Yesterday though (7/19/13) I had the chicken kabobs and a few hours later got violently ill. A trip to the emergency room confirmed a serious case of serious food poisoning. I question the cleanliness of the kitchen as well as following the proper food storing practices. I wouldn't recommend eating at Zoe's and I definitely won't be returning.
4	Whoa, some of these reviews are mouth hanging open shocking to read! I've personally enjoyed every experience I've had here and will continue to return. Lunch time can be a bit crazy so just beware. Everything from the hummus, pitas and salads are delicious! I don't think I would call this place "Mediterranean" but it's good food. The tabouli salad I ordered today was gigantic and very tasty! All my co-workers who hadn't been before have loved it after a recommendation from myself. It can get a little pricey but to me isn't price difference wise to somewhere like Paradise Bakery. The food options are really good and I like that it's a healthier choice than some of the places around the area. I also love the Greek dressing they leave on the tables (which you can buy to take home as well). All in all, I am a fan and will keep returning!
4	Living so close to Zoe's makes it hard for an addiction, the food is great every time.  Whether is the simple Greek salad with grilled chicken (simple is an understatement and it is a must to add Zoe's Greek dressing over the caramelized onions yummy), the protein plate or the kabobs - Zoe's is always a delicious meal!! And I don't know what it is - if it is the marinade or the how the chicken is cooked, but the grilled chicken is to die for..literally. I am definitely a regular and will always be!
5	The place was very clean and the staff was friendly. I ordered half a turkey sandwich and half Greek salad (posted a picture). It was huge. I couldn't believe how much was on my plate for $7.  I will defiantly come back.
4	We needed a quick dinner and stopped at Zoe's Kitchen for a sandwich.  I was immediately tantalized by the Gruben Sandwich, and ordered it with a side of roasted veggies.  What a delightful surprise. . .real roasted veggies: broccoli, carrots, mushrooms, onions deliciously not overcooked.  The sandwich was also bursting with flavors.  This place is so far above "fast casual" dining that it deserves big Kudos.
4	Zoe's has always been one of my favorite places. This past weekend my co-workers and I called in an order (we were working all day) when my co-worker came back with the order my order was wrong. I was a little upset since I was working and had no time to run back over. I called Zoe's explained why I was upset, the girl I talked to was very understanding of my situation. They jumped on it and the manager hand delivered my order to me, obviously this is not something they do on a regular but I was very impressed by their customer service. Thank you Zoe's.
5	Love this place. The salad hummus plate is one of my favorite plates. The chicken slaw is really great. Never been disappointed with the food.
4	We went on a Saturday Night to Zoes Kitchen before heading out to the bars. There were several items for vegetarians such as spinach rolls, hummus and pita bread, grilled vegetable kabobs, and tomato bisque soup. I ordered a cup of tomato bisque soup and side of pasta salad. It was pretty good. The pasta salad was pretty tasty as well. My husband ordered the spinach rolls and he loved it. He even loved my tomato bisque soup. One of our friends ordered the grilled vegetable kabobs. He said he liked his dish but he wished the vegetables were at least warm. The grilled vegetables came to him room temperature.
3	Zoe's is another place I turn to while on my no carb quest, maybe the only place in the camelback corridor I can get a decent no carb meal at a reasonable price. I usually get the "protein power plate" (Grilled chicken, caramelized onions over lettuce). It's tasty, filling and has everything I need and nothing I don't.Truly a Go to healthy meal when I'm the go. The problem with is particular location is that they specialize in a lot of Mediterranean fare (kabobs,pitas etc) yet they have no sriracha sauce. I repeat NO SRIRACHA. This is like a burger spot with no ketchup. Sriracha is STANDARD with this type of food and I think it's egregious that management chooses not to stock this essential condiment. Especially when the Scottsdale location offers sriracha. Overall they get a 3. I would give them a 4 but every time I come to this location my meal is missing a MAJOR element that makes it complete. I appreciate Zoe's for being in a convenient location and offering options that comply with my diet but c'mon the sauce is a no brainer for the type of food they sell
5	The manager working the register is so friendly and sweet! Fruit bowl is actual fresh fruit and deeelicious! The spinach and chicken wrap has great flavor! Quick service, good food, friendly staff! I'll definitely come back!
4	Good food and good customer service. Staff is always very friendly and food always tastes great. I recommend the Greek salad. Pros- Good food- Good customer service- Fast serviceCons-idk
4	I needed a quick lunch while buzzing around Phoenix. I have heard a lot of good things about Zoe's and since I was there,I thought I would give it a go!Parking can be tight, at lunch time at least. Lots of people have the same idea.I got a simple lunch,but it was very good.Limeade was my drink of choice, quite good and they say sweetend with Cane sugar.I got the Zoe Club Pita. Was fresh tatsing as good.Chicken, Ham ,and swiss cheese, with lettuce ,tomato and some spicy mustard, I asked for extra spice.Not a bad experiance at all. The place is clean and modern looking.
5	Once it's craved, you know it's a winner.
4	First time eating here. Steak skewers and potatoes were awesome. Little expensive for 2 people at lunch. 26$. I wish they would of given at Least cafeteria plate and silver ware for eating inside. Shame about all the trash when a business brags about being a healthier alternative. I guess that just applies to your health and not the environment. .... Exposed ceilings are cool also but how do you monitor the dirt and dust falling onto food ? Ramsey would be pissed
4	I was reading in my IBD yesterday that Zoe's Kitchen was going public today. So why not write a review.My first experience with Zoe's Kitchen was a couple of years ago at a CMYE at this location. I thought it was good but unfortunately too far from the house or work. Well, since the office moved nearby, I go here about once a week.I order the 2 Chicken Kabobs which comes with a Greek Salad, rice and a few very small pitas. I really enjoy this meal even though I think it's a bit too pricey. I saw a couple of dudes enjoying the Steak Kabobs the last time I was in there, so I'll probably order that next time.
4	This was my first time eating at this brand, and I can't wait to go back.  I enjoyed my pita   as well as the service and atmosphere
5	The menu here offers the healthy options as well as some melted cheesey goodness options. Such as grilled cheese or pizza. I'm a big fan of their hummus, caramelized onions and chicken. Order anything with these items and you won't be disappointed. The prices are cheap for the amount of quality food you receive. Great service as well. Thanks Zoe's!
4	Great fresh food, the pitas are probably the best thing on the menu. I have eaten here a handful of times and have not had a side dish that hasn't been good. My one complaint would be the line can get long during the lunch hour and the seating is not big enough to seat everyone. But if a fresh healthy lunch is what you are looking for this might be for you.
3	It's nice to be able to get food quickly without resorting to fast food.  However, the food was just ok. The staff was pleasant and made it easy for substitutions on my sides but the roast chicken was a little dry and with a nine dollar price tag the 3 ounce breast didn't fill me up.
4	Really glad have been contacted by a customer service rep. They offered me a gift card and a chance to give me a better experience. Every restaurant makes mistakes but very few fix them so promptly and with such a good attitude. I am very impressed!
5	Always fast and friendly. If you're a health conscious eater this a good place for you and the food is delicious.
2	What have you changed?  I usually love Zoe's but today not so much.  The coleslaw tasted funny, the chicken was dry and even the lettuce seemed hot from the AZ sun.  Oh, and if you're not going to cut the chicken breast anymore buy some heavier weight cutlery so you can actually cut the chicken.
5	Had their signature Zoe's grilled sandwich.. It was delicious! Especially with their home made dressing.
2	so torn on this review - have to say, have been to the location on Camelback and the one on McDowell and the chicken soup at both locations is amazing. BUT - seriously - the kids quesadilla is just plain gross. It looked and tasted like bottom barrel over processed Velveeta. I am now afraid to try anything else on the menu - if you can't get a simple dish like tortilla and cheese to taste halfway decent, there might be a problem. But have to reiterate - the chicken orzo soup is simply divine!
3	Nice healthy alternative fast food joint.I'm a fan of the quinoa salad. The lemon vinaigrette is delicious. Ask for extra!Gruben is good but only eat it while it's hot.Pasta Salad lacked flavor but still good for the price you pay.The Greek Dressing here is a must have!Pimiento Cheese Sandwich is bland.
1	Got a salad, with a dead mosquito body in it. Very disgusting.Wouldn't go back. Lettuce and vegetables should be washed several times before served to people to consume.
3	I was quite indecisive about last minute food and decided to try Zoe's. I had the food one time before and was satisfied so I thought to try again. I had the chicken kabobs and it was great. The Greek salad is an average salad nothing fancy. You're able to dress your salad yourself which I thought was nice ! The environment is bright and cheery, as well as the staff. I think the food is just above your average place of what you would expect from a Greek place. One of the things that sticks out and is unique is the good combinations and what their menu offers you. The prices are true to the food. I would recommend this place for someone who wants a quick bite of the "modern" Mediterranean food. The spinach gets wraps are awesome!!
1	Unless you check your order and like cold "Hot " Food then this place is for you.  NOT ME !  Three chefs in the kitchen and no one knows what there are doing !  Not happy waiting almost 25 minutes for my " cold order" but almost another 12 minutes for a remake.   I'll go else where next time.  Thanks but no thanks
5	I love this place because it is healthy, quick, and the staff is very friendly and welcoming. There is a register to pick up phone in orders and a takeout order usually is ready within 15 minutes. It is one of the healthiest places around and sure does beat fast food. The menu options are really great too.
1	Two poor experiences at this low rent excuse for a healthy chain. If you order a pita, you are begging for salmonella unless you really take your sandwich apart and check for pink. They make the pita's in the worst possible style. They try to bend a double chicken breast inside a pita, forgetting to take out that strip of fat that separates the two breasts. It is when you unfold the thing you will notice the problems. Get something else or better yet, skip this place entirely. The manager on my first visit discussed and suggested the chicken with slaw pita, but the greek showed up later as I returned home. That mess was so loaded with dressing that the pita busted and that is how I discovered the weird chicken. Staff was nice enough to offer me a free pita on my next visit after I called, but although they got the order correct, this was not an appetizing item either. The rice is boring and bland as well.
