5	My daughter attended this pre school for 4 yrs and now is attending the elementary school, she has definitely received loving care due to the amazing staff! There education & learning is beyond exceptional! Would recommend Green Valley Christian to anyone looking for loving, quality christian care & great education! ;)
5	Just moved my son here after a bad week at another preschool in the area.  They were soooo incredibly nice and gave me a tour when I dropped in unexpectedly and rushed our application on a friday afternoon so that we could start on monday.  Love them for that!  So far, so good!  Im super excited to see my son blossom here!
5	To sum this school up in one word: incredible! My older daughter went through the pre-school program and she was more than ready for CCSD kindergarten. She exited the program able to recognize all her upper and lower case letters, their phonemic sounds, and how to write them. She could also read, write and recognize numbers 1-20, all basic colors and all basic shapes. She was prepared with learning how to sit for a lesson, in chairs for seat work, how to work cooperatively in groups and listen to teachers. Weekly, the students go to "chapel" for worship and song. Each class  takes turns throughout the year to deliver the message on stage. There is plenty of fun and love that takes place during the day. My younger daughter is now attending the four year old program and I have no doubt in my mind that she will be ready for kindergarten also next year. The teachers we have had go above and beyond for the children in their care. I felt good about leaving my daughters in their care, knowing that if there is any trouble the school is quick to communicate with me. I can't sing the praises louder for such a great school!
4	I have had my son, who just turned three, at GVCS for about a year and a half.  His first teacher, Ms. Jamie, was awesome! If I would've written this review at that time, I would've given it a 5 stars for sure.  However, other teachers have not been that great. The biggest problems we have had are with diapering and toilet training.  His current teacher decided she no longer wanted to use the binder where they are supposed to write down information like when the kids use the bathroom, what they eat, etc.which was frustrating because we never knew what was going on.  I will say that when I brought this to the directors attention, she immediately had the teacher start using it again.  It feels like a lot of the work we have done at home in regards to toiling is not supported at school.  He can be at home for a week and not have a single accident, but when he gets to school we are told he didn't pull his pants down far enough and he peed on them.  I don't know if they are leaving him alone or what is happening.  Also, the main teachers leave around 3:30 and the people who close never know what is going on with the children.  I have heard this from several other parents also.  To get the best out of this place, pick your kid up by 3:30 or only care about your child being alive when you pick them up.I love that they do "chapel" every week and take turns preforming, even the little ones.  They also do great Christmas programs including all the kids, even babies. I never fear my child is being hurt, which is the most important thing.  The other things are nit picky.
