2	I've lived here about a month and while I love the complex, I'm not thrilled with the leasing managers.  We were told when we moved in that the complex had 5 heated pools/jacuzzis, we actually choose our location based on this lie! They could have mentioned that only one of the pools is actually heated AND  "turned off" this time of year.   As for the "jacuzzis" only one of those is in working condition. But wait, there is more good news! When you call to ask about this they tell you that the "jacuzzie" nearest you is infact a "waiting pool."  (...what is a waiting pool?) Oh and  Sorry about the type-o on the complex map located in the front office.   On top of all that goodness, just this morning I found my 4th baby roach... I've called the front office 5 times and gotten ahold of no one... yay midtown on main.
1	GHETTO!  So sorry i moved into these apartments and so thankful i moved out! Iwas on the first floor in one of their "upgraded" 2 bedroom unit alone.  The windowsare floor level and have shrubs around them so its an easy target for theft.  Thewindow in the second room didn't even lock! It looked like it was forced open at 1 timeand it broke the lock. I notified the front office but got no response. I ended up puttinga long pole to jam it from opening and a loud alarm to sound when its opened.Leasing agent: Great at first when doing my lease but when returning they are SOsnobby like if they were leasing agents in Beverly hills or something.  The blond onethat's kind of young is the worst!  I don't know why they keep her she must be "doing"something if you ask me.  I went in there when my apartment flooded and she glaredup at me while filing her nails like if i was bothering her!  She should be workingat goodwill or something with that kind of attitude.Bugs: THANK GOD no bugs but this is the kind of place where you have to kill the bugput it in a baggie take it to the leasing office and throw it on their desk for them to evenconsider doing anything about it.Flooding: As stated I was on the first floor.. supposedly the person on the 3rd floorleft the water running and it caused my drains to over flow.  The dumbest excuse ever!That doesn't even make sense! They did get someone to vacuum the area but that's it.it happened 3 times!  I'm not talking about just tub water... there was paper that alsocame up with hair and it smelled!!!! It was a total health code violation and they shouldhave replaced the carpet and sanitized the area!  When i moved out they gave meliterally .20 cents back because my "pets" used the carpet as their restroom spot.WHAT! I don't even have pets and I lived all alone!!!!!! when the drains backed up itdamaged the carpets leaving traces of stuff!  When i brought up the issue they forgotthat happened.  I just let them keep the 200$ to avoid the headache.  Funny about amonth later i read on the news that this place had a BIG problem with flooding.The 1st floor apartments located by the office all flooded!Pools: they were always closed even tho i wouldn't even think of getting in them.Parking: carry pepper spray.... someone got stabbed at night when walking to theircar! I swear look it up!Payment: Make sure to get certified checks not money orders because they like tomisplace your rent.  Certified checks can be quickly traced.
1	Awful. Don't move here!
1	If the crime maps and the ghetto bird roaming at night don't scare you away from midtown, hopefully this review will. Here is my list of crazyness I experienced at the infamous Midtown on Main. 1. GHETTO ASS NEIGHBORS: (a) Across from our apartment lived a couple who enjoyed having parties monday-thursday. On the weekdays when people with jobs were asleep, these people would be out on their balcony talking extremely loud. No joke, they always invited another couple who ALWAYS got into a fight. From midnight to 3:30 in the morning we'd hear the couple fight. The man would call her a dumb bitch, an effing c*nt... you name it, he said it. Then he'd leave and you'd hear the woman crying about how it's the last time and she's done putting up with his sh*t. Ok the first time I heard it, it was sad. But every week? really? No respect for herself or the neighbors!(b) To the left of us lived a woman who hung out in her pajamas all day and loved yelling and cussing at her kids. This woman's kids were out of control.... they'd play video games late at night and turn the volume on full blast. They'd shoot airsoft guns at night or honk a blow horn. It was non stop with these kids and it was always super late at night. They were out of control. The dad of this household was missing for a while ( we assume he was locked up)... one night when my husband went to check the mail, he saw the woman making out with some dude at the playground who wasn't her babies daddy!! sketchy sketchy. (c) We lived above these girls who we're disgusting. They would take out their trash and leave it at their door for several days!!! They'd had 4-5 bags sitting outside their door in the heat! The smell was awful. If they decided to throw out the garbage, they'd drag the bags and garbage would be all over the stairs. Sometimes they would leave the bags of garbage at the bottom of the stairs! It was so confusing! Like are you planning on having someone else throw that away for you? (d) There was a random lady who would walk through the complex pushing a shopping cart and crying. Crying really loud. One night, not sure if it was her, but I woke up to someone walking through the complex crying and moaning super loud. Can you say creepy? (e) Our car got vandalized. OK still not convinced this place is terrible?(2) INCOMPETENT STAFF: (a) After our first month living here, we got a notice on our door that we owed over $50 because they gave us the wrong rate. Apparently, the girl who we signed our lease with made a mistake. Um, pretty sure you can just randomly decide that our rent is higher. We signed a contract. We refused and they said ok.(b) Our pool key had difficulty opening the gates to the only 2 pools they decided to keep open. (btw pools are never heated). Sometimes it would take 3-4 people to figure out the gates because everyone's keys didn't work! One lady told me to demand a new key because the office staff was reluctant to give her a new one. I decided to go one day and ask one of the guy's in the office and he kept questioning me like I was lying to him! He kept saying "really? your key isn't working? I bet you it will work for me". OK guy, do you want to accompany me every time I go to the pool? I honestly don't understand why they were so hesitant to give people new keys. (c) One of the maintenance guys is a fricken prick.  One time my husband went to pick up a package that was sent to me, and when the girl went to get the package, the maintenance guy questioned my husband and asked "is she even on the lease?". Um what? who are you? Another time they had left a note on everyone's doors saying that everyone had to take down their patio shades and request an approved shade from the office. After receiving this notice, my husband spoke to the office staff TWICE and inquired about the shade. We were told that they had put in a request for a shade for us, and would notify us when one became available. While we waited for our new shade, we received a threat of eviction because we weren't using one of their patio shades! My husband went into the office upset at the threat and the maintenance guy jumps in and basically tells my husband he shouldn't be upset because everyone received a notice about the patio shade. UM okay, again, who are you? The girl in the office apologized for the notice and took out the eviction threat from our file. LASTLY, upon moving out, the manager refused the do a walk through with us. Somehow whenever we were available, no one in the office was. They did the walk through without us and we got charged for a crack in the mirror that was already there when we moved in! LAME. If you still decide to live here, make sure you always make a copy of your rent checks and watch out for bugs. We were clean, but bugs loved popping up everywhere. Also beware of the train that comes right by the complex and blows its horn at 3 in the morning. well, good luck.
1	This place sucks. I have lived here almost two years and while I have an excellent rate, the front office staff has really gone downhill and gotten snooty. (The only good one is Philana) My car has also been broken into twice, and when I called them about it, they tell me there is nothing they can do but "put it in my file". The person on the phone then had the audacity to suggest that I was letting my car getting broken into, or that I must have had something to do with it since it has happened to me twice. I'm sorry, what are all those surveillance cameras for then? This place is a joke, don't rent here.
1	Management doesn't give a crap about you. The night after we moved in, our stove exploded. Our fridge gets a mystery puddle under it everyday and we've had constant issues with our washer and dryer. The prior residents nasty underwear and socks were still in the closet and laundry room when we moved in. It's been 2 months now since we moved in and management simply keeps blowing me off. Don't move here unless you want a hassle daily. Also the neighbors always smoke pot (against the lease) and our community supposedly has breed restrictions but there is a pitbull that is never on a leash living here. It's absolutely outrageous! Not because if the dog mind you, but because of the fact that they don't abide by their own lease here.
1	This place still sucks. The staff has had a really high turn around rate the last 6 months and last month I found out the property owner is filing for bankruptcy. The outlets don't hold the plugs, the appliances are from the 1980's and the people here well- let's just say there have been TWO suicides and a dead baby that I've know about whilst living here. Save yourselves. Don't rent here. The only good thing about living here is the dive bar next door!
1	When I informed Bree I wanted a call back from a manager she said that I could call the manager back when she came in. How many customer service people have told you they won't take a message and that YOU can call THEM back???When I came in to talk to the manager she had no idea what I was complaining about.
1	I HATE this place. I have been held at gunpoint, my car has been vandalized, and the appliances never work. Today was supposed to be the final payment on my lease, and they told me that my written 30 day notice was never processed, so I actually owe another entire month's rent plus 3 days prorate. Poor customer service on that part. Completely bogus and unacceptable. I regret moving into this dump. All they want is money.
1	I'm only giving it 1 star since that's what yelp is forcing me to do. This place is HORRIBLE and I regret moving here and helping this staff pay their bill with my rent money. I've never been treated worse in my life than with the experiences here. False promises, horrible and I mean HORRIBLE customer service, power goes out, water mains break, parking lots are always dark (in this area that's bad bad), shitty ass appliances and carpet, the gates work for about 2-3 days before they always stay open, the staff is always changing and is never consistent. They always want to argue and point fingers instead of listening to their paying customers. I beg you to please never make the same mistake I made and move into this dump. Actually this isn't even considered a dump that's too nice of a description. This place is a hell hole. There's a crack motel across the street that is more than likely better maintained than this place. Stay there instead. Shit sleep under an overpass if you want.
