3	Jollibee is a staple in the Philippines. Ok seriously it's kinda like Fast Food Filipino/American Fusion. It makes me laugh because it's like McDonalds with a twist. The only thing vegetarian here is french fries. I was surprised and excited when I heard this was coming into town. I remember when it first came into town in LA. So this place is nestled in the Best Buy Shopping Center at Seafood City. It's next to Jason's Deli. There's a weird feeling when I came up to it this weekend. One....It was hotter than shit out. Two....I have never seen so many filipinos. It's like one of the islands crash landed nearby. Seriously they were like ants coming out of the ground. Jollibee is known for just a few menu items:Yumburger, Double Yum, Champ Burger and the Amazing Aloha with grilled pineapple - The Burger itself is pretty thick - not your average burger. 1/3 meat. Cooked all the way through - kinda tastes hearty with beef broth or onion soup mixed into it. Noodles: Pacit Palabok - it's a noodle dish with thick rice noodles and sorta a thick sauce with ground pork rinds...scallions, hardboiled egg....Yea...I know Healthy right? Jollibee also carries spaghetti. But it's filipino spaghetti with sliced hot dogs and meat. It's slightly sweeter than american or italian. It's also topped off with cheese. Mmmm yea way healthy.Finally there's Chicken Joy. YAY Joy. Fried chicken. Served with a side of gravy and rice. Couldn't decide so I ordered a noodle, burger, and chicken. I don't get that that often...so what? I do what I want. The lines are a lil slow, the food isn't really bad. It's not great, but you know it's a novelty. I took it back to work. Had a few bites of each and it was over. I'd definitely go back. I mean I gotta try the boba! If you want a taste of the Phillipines and filipina girls are out of the question - this is a good place for baby steps.
5	Oh no! Halo halooooooo... Ok so I've had Jollibee two days in a row.  Yesterday I had a 1pc Chicken Meal which comes with a drink, rice, gravy, and fried chicken for $3.50 or so.  Good stuff to satisfy the hungry beast.  I was disappointed they didn't have any lumpia shanghai though.Today I got the halo halo which was refreshing.  Although it had more toppings -leche flan, ube & mango ice cream, and ube halaya? and bananas -than the surrounding eateries (Red Ribbon & Chow King), it seemed to lack more of the other stuff like the beans, coco gel, and more gulaman. I made it home and the bed of ice is what kept it alive until after a pancit and fish with rice dinner.  I also had 2 peach mango pies to go and man, what can I say but absolutely scrumptious!5 stars b/c I was satisfied with getting my Filipino fix.  The sweet spaghetti is not bad either. Masarap! =)
5	First time I had Jollibee was when I went to the PI in 2005. Nothing beats having chicken joy (similar to Popeyes and KFC) with rice or Filipino spaghetti!! And the gravy that comes with it...sooooo good!I wish there was a Jollibee in Chicago - but c'est la vie. When we meet again, Jollibee - it will be a great reunion!
3	your average jollibee with a thousand filipinos in it. the cashier person was rude.. i should of told the manager.
5	The last time I visited the Philippines was way back in '97.  We only went to Jollibee once, and I was so sick I stayed in the car.  My last trip to Vegas was just last year, but I didn't even know at the time that there was a Jollibee opening up.This past weekend, I had to hit it up.  Even if it meant paying the $13 cab fare there, and the other $13 to come back to the strip (note: make sure you get the phone number for a cab, they don't come around there very often).  I was hungover, hungry, and already on a losing streak...Filipino fast food was what I needed.My friends and I each got the palabok/chickenjoy combo, along with a peach mango pie.  I generally prefer Filipino spaghetti to palabok, but a few weekends ago Filipino spaghetti was all I ate for three days.  The chicken was without a doubt the best fast food fried chicken I've ever had, and while I've had better palabok (I prefer the kind with the thicker noodles), it was still pretty damn good.The pie was also a must-try.  It beats the shit out of a McDonald's apple pie any day.Even if you're not Filipino, you can learn to love our food at Jollibee.  Now if only Vegas wasn't the closest one to me in Chicago, I'd be much happier.BONUS:  There was a Chow King there too, and though we were too full to try it, it was a nice surprise.
5	This is the best fried chicken Ive had. I can't even compare it to KFC, Popeyes, or Brown's.This place is so popular in the Philippines, and are slowly moving East.There's only one location in Las Vegas, but much more in California.They serve Fried Chicken with rice or fries, they have burgers, they have pancit palabok, they have noodle soup, they have bubble shakes, its just pure heaven in the fast food race.They definitely need to move faster East and open locations in Chicago.
4	satisfies your craving for filipino best selling chain for a price! good to visit with kids. The place is ususally packed on weekends. feels good to eat something you have been craving back home...this place is the answer.saw a couple of flies...maybe they were lost???
2	Do not get me wrong, the fried chicken here is good and so is the Filipino style spaghetti (sweet meat sauce with slices of hot dogs). I would give this place more stars but the only problem I have about this place is that the prices are so inflated! Fried chicken and spaghetti should not cost that much. Let us not forget that this is a fast food joint.
3	on the most recent trip to vegas it was decided that Jollibee was for lunch.  I lost the vote and followed everyone else.  We have Jollibee in San Diego and its not like i have never been there.This Jollibee was new and the menu board were flat screen tvs. It was crowded despite going on Monday Lunchtime.  Prices seemed a little higher, but i got the Palabok and Chicken Combo.  I asked for White Meat Chicken, since the menu said there was an extra charge for it.  The cashier told me they ran out.  Always happens...how strange.  I a chicken leg and boy was it crispy.  The Palabok was greasy, but I still finished it.If you haven't seen this location, its worth a visit.
4	I was pleasantly surprised to learn there was a Jollibee in town. For those of you that do not know what Jollibee is, it is a fast-food chain that is wildly popular in the Phillippines. I read a favorable article about the company a while back, and I wanted to try it out for myself.Jollibee is located by Boulevard Mall inside a seafood market. It is bright, clean, and has flat-screen TVs with shots of people enjoying and eating their food. The people behind the counter were fast and efficient, and I got my order quickly. I had my hands full of stuff, so the lady behind the counter was nice enough to bring my food to my table, which was very nice of her. The girl who was cleaning the floors even opened the door for me when I entered the restaurant *and* when I left, which you NEVER get from fast food places. That really impressed me.I ordered a combo plate which consisted of one piece of fried chicken, palabok fiesta noodles that had eggs and some other stuff in it, and a drink. It also came with a side of gravy for the chicken, but I did not care for the gravy very much, nor did I think the noodles were all that great either. They were both about average. I did like the fried chicken and it turned out I didn't need the gravy after all. What really surprised me was the peach mango pie I had for dessert. It was really tasty and puts McDonald's pies to shame.This is a good place to bring kids and is very family-friendly. I would come back, but I'd order something else instead. I gave them one extra star for service, otherwise the food itself is only a three. For fast food, it is a little overpriced ($9 just for myself is a little much), but Jollibee is good to try if you want something different from the national fast-food chains.
3	Filipino interpretation of American Food, Hamburger and Fried Chicken. Of course there are the basic Filipino fare palabok.over all the prices are comparable to Macdonalds.
3	Is the food good?  Unless you're Filipino, the answer is a resounding no!  For some reason, this place is like catnip for my Fiancee and her Filipino family.  The clear standouts that make this place worth the trip are:1. Cheesiness.  No more cheesy than your average fast food place, but this is Pinoy cheese!2. Chicken Joy.  This is some damn fine fried chicken.  I'll give them that.3.  It will make your Filipino in-laws happy!4.  It is a quick and easy way to get some halfway authentic Filipino food somewhat easily.  Give it a shot, I would even suggest driving across town for it, but you probably won't need to go twice.ps.  I plan on copying and pasting this review into every Jollibee I've ever had the pleasure of being forced in to, just so you can see what I am subjected to on every vacation.  *sigh* the things we do for love.
3	Not a bad place to get lunch. The only thing good here is the chicken joy with gravy. The new 99 cent corned beef sandwiches are gross, the tasty burgers has too much lady's choice or mayo. If you had to choose, go right next door to chow king.
1	Another Chicken & Burger joint that has popped up over by Boulevard Mall...so I decided to give it a go.Located inside the Seafood Supermarket I had NO IDEA it was a filipino fast food franchise..It simply READ Chicken & Burgers...I don't really have much to say on this one....I barely got past the smell of the burger to take the one bite I tried before spitting it out. Definitely an acquired taste because the place was packed and everyone else seemed to be enjoying the chicken meals not too many eating burgers:(
4	This was probably the last time I will enjoy Jollibee.  Don't get me wrong, it tasted great but you can almost feel your arteries clogging up from the unhealthiness of it all.If I didn't give two cents about eating healthy, I would eat here all the time.  They have the best fried chicken.  KFC, Popeyes .... whatever .. doesn't come close to Jollibee's.  Of course they are renowned for their palabok.. it is pretty damn good.
4	Sometimes I need to get my (Filipino) Chicken on. I love fried chicken and grew up going to Jollibee as a kid.I am not much for their burgers and I dunno if I like the Flip "interpretation" of burgers....but I must say it is tons better in Philippines than it's done here. I skip it. It's about chicken. Period. I do think this is a good fast food chicken and rather go here than KFC anyday. Plus, I'm a ricer and I like my chicken with rice...unless it's a chicken and waffle joint then I heart that too. Spaghetti- keep in mind, again filipino style so it has ground beef, hotdogs, with a sweet sauce with cheese. I like this on occasion.Palabok is okay here, but rather skimpy on toppings. The BF rather get it at Chow King if we're strictly picking from chains in the same center. Don't forget the sweet stuff. I loove Ube and Pandan shake and the mango pie is the bomb. Ef the pies at other fast foods. It's kinda a rarity for me to eat, I unlike my peoples are not magnetized to my peoples foods. Still, I come when I'm in the area and I am up always to eat some good fried chicken.
3	After much insisting from people of the Filipino persuasion, I finally gave this place a second chance. The first time I tried the chicken from Jollibee in San Francisco, I didn't see what the big deal was...I thought they should have changed the name to Regularbee. So I was a little hesitant, but super hungry and ready to rip this place apart with my preconceived notions. But once I bit into that chicken,  my mind was definitely changed. OHHHH so this is what it's supposed to taste like? Okay NOW I get the hype.Though there were a couple things I didn't like - they forgot some of the stuff we ordered with our meal and didn't give us extra utensils (it's not that big of a deal but we ordered enough for 4 people and only got one fork), so we kept having to check to see if we had all our food and went back up to the dude a couple times. Also the drink station and dining area was a little messy and unkept...the workers were bringing out food to people so I'm sure at least one of the many saw the state of things and clearly did not care. All in all, I'd say my chicken was a redeemer. If I ever stop by here again I'd take the food to go.
1	I HATE this Jollibee!!!!!!! I come to Vegas once a year and for the last two years they messed up my order!   Both years I asked for a cheeseburger plain just meat and cheese only. Any mcdonalds could get that right. But no jollibee can't. They had the nerve to tell me plain just means no sause and I have to say cheese only!!!  And then they take it back in back and wait fiv minutes an bring it back out with everything just wiped off with the sauce smeared all over still.  So never going back again!!! If you want anything plain or something different from them just go somewhere else becaus they don't have the brains to fix it for you!!!!!!
4	A friend and I were in Las Vegas for a competition recently.  Our plane arrived just after lunch time and due to the dearth of food during the flight, we were starved.  With all the wonderful restaurants available to us to grab a quick bite, we chose Jollibee.  We quite literally dropped our luggage in the room, hailed a cab, and set off for Jollibee.  "Crazy", you say?  "A fast food chain, seriously"?! Why.... yes!We both developed a love of this place while living in the RP.  As there are no Jollibees in the Detroit area, any chance for us to go to one must be taken.  Now, if you are not of the Filipino persuasion or raised around Filipinos, you probably won't understand the obsession.Of course, I realize that may appear to be somewhat dismissive of non-Filipinos, but I base it on the fact that the Filipino palate is very different from that of the typical American (or pretty much anyone else).  Most Filipinos like a mix of savory/sweet/salty in their food which many non-Filipinos find a little jarring.Take for example, the spaghetti.  To most people, the thought of hot dogs, spam, and banana ketchup in the spaghetti sauce borders on sacrilege.   To the Filipino, this is normal.  How about serving fried chicken with 2 scoops of rice covered in brown gravy?  Totally cool with my Flip brethren, but completely wacky to most everyone else.  Then there are the burgers - a little fattier, more finely ground beef, garlic and onion laden, and typically covered with a sauce of banana ketchup and a sweet mayo.  When I have described this to my friends, I typically receive a look that I interpret to mean, "What are ya, nutz"?!My point is that when Jollibee decided to cross the pond, they opted to market to their base... Filipinos.  They didn't change anything to suite anybody else but Filipinos.  (And consequently chose to set up franchises in areas with, unsurprisingly, large Filipino poplulations).The food at the state-side Jollibees is comparable to those in the RP and provides a much needed taste of what is my spiritual home.  Comparable (and good), but not quite the same.  How do I mean?  Please, read on.Of the items served, the chicken is closest to what is served in the RP.  It is crispy, juicy, a little salty and served with the obligatory rice, though you can get pancit palabok (rice noodles with a shrimp sauce, ground pork, egg, and chicharon) or sweet spaghetti instead.The burgers at the state-side Jollibee tend to be a little drier (probably due to the lower fat content of US cows) and not as flavorful.  Tastewise, close to the RP ones, but again, not quite right.The spaghetti isn't quite as sweet in US Jollibees (but still much sweeter than most people are used to).These minor differences aren't really enough to down grade Jollibee from 5 to 4.  No... the down-grade results from 1 admittedly petty complaint...US Jollibees don't serve one of the most popular items that is available overseas... the Jolli Hot Dog.  This is actually my favorite item and I lament the fact you can't get it here.  What makes it so special?  Again, the sweet/savory thing.  The hot dog is served with the ubiquitous banana ketchup, mayo, and a shredded, white, Velvetta-like cheese (yes, Velvetta).  Yes, I realize the very thought of ketchup and mayo on a hot dog is tantamount to heresy is some places and I will freely admit to being an aficionado of the Chicago dog paradigm.  But after eating hot dogs dressed as above, for 5 years, one develops a craving for them (as well as the sweet spaghetti - I actually prefer it now:  weird, I know).  I've tried replicating them at home to no avail.  It is disappointing, to say the least.  (See, I told you it was a petty reason for the down-grade).I truly love the food at Jollibee.  It is the Filipino interpretation of some American staples, that has become a unique form of Filipino soul food.
4	I love jollibees!After having jollibees in the philippines, I had withdrawal. I made sure to make it a point to eat here while we were on vacation in Las Vegas.I ordered the Chicken with gravy and spaghetti combo, and it was delightful! Everything I ordered was hot and fresh, so that was a plus.My friend ordered the palabok (type of noodle), and it was pretty good!I just wish they had a chain here in Chicago!
3	I heard about Jollibee by reading a Harvard Business Review case on the company and was interested to try it out for myself.  I was surprised to discover two locations in Vegas.  I gave the Seafood City location a try.I knew it was a Filipino fast food joint that had food that catered to that demographic.  Since I'm an "white-washed" Pacific Islander, my taste in food leans more towards a traditional American taste than the islands....so, I knew I was in for an adventure.I decided to sample a little bit of everything.  I had the Shanghai Rolls, 99 cent Corned Beef Sandwich, 99 cent French Fries, and a Champ Burger.  To wash it down I had a bottle of Water.  Since I ordered to eat in the restaurant, I was issued a number and waited for my order to be delivered.  The order came out in two batches since it took a while to cook my Champ Burger.The Corned Beef Sandwich was very small....about the size of a Slider.  It didn't have much flavor to it....kind of bland to me.The Shanghai Rolls were very good.  They were tiny, pinky sized Rolls that had the texture of Lumpia.  They were pretty good but you didn't get much for 99 cents.The French Fries were just ok, nothing special.The Champ Burger was a mess.  It was very sloppy with the Mayo and Ketchup running down the sides of the Burger.  It has a different taste to it....I don't know what it is....but it doesn't taste like a regular Burger.  I didn't like it at all.The joint was really busy and had at least 10 people in line during my entire visit, which was around 2 pm.  That's pretty impressive.Will I return?  Probably not, it wasn't for me.
4	For a grocery shopping lunch stop the food really hits the spot for me. It's dark meat chicken fried and served with hot gravy and noodles... Yum!
4	Ahhhh, finally!  After all these years, I finally got the opportunity to go to Jollibee!  I didn't really feel like eating the fried chicken, so I got staple - tocino and eggs.  Delicious.  Heaping pile of rice, tons of tocino, yummy eggs - perfection!  They also have vinegar and soy sauce available at the front, so that's always perfect to top the rice with or dip the tocino in.What really caught my eye on the menu were the lil slider sandwiches.  They had everything that brought me back to my childhood - corned beef, spam, egg.  It's like, this is what my Dad used to make me go to school with for lunch...seriously.  I couldn't resist and also got the spam slider - which really tasted like my childhood.  Oh, good times.Oh, and they had an ube freeze/slushie thing.  Food coma, yo.  But, sooo worth it!
3	My first Filipino fast food place I've been to. Not bad. $1 corn beef or spam burgers. I bought 24 of them for my friends before going out. This was cheaper than going to a lunch buffet at the Wynn.I actually wished they had one of these in Chicago. The employees were really nice; always smiling. If I had to guess, I think they came straight from the Philippines.
2	My Caucasian friend spotted the sign while passing by Maryland Blvd. He had severe craving for it (he last ate one in LA a few years ago). So we found the place for lunch the following day.I was trying to keep an open mind but I don't go fast foods as a rule. I feel they are tasteless, salty, greasy, boring, and not worth the value.I believe I had the Palabok Fiesta. The thin rice noodle covered by the sauce. I could not decipher what's in the sauce. It's a brown paste, with a 2 slices of boiled eggs on top. The taste was boring and bland and salty. The portion was so pathetically small that I swallowed in 2 bites, for $5 (I chose not to include drink).My friend had burger steak. It actually came with a side cole slaw too. It was salisbury steak with mushroom sauce. I had a bite....  Wow! The cole slaw tasted OK in a Filipino fast foods chain. The dollar bite size corned beef burger... well. It's canned corned beef put inside a dinner roll. I can do the same at home if I really want to go for this.So diners, if you really want to live an American life (Madonna, hear this), it's an option. It's too pricey for my simple taste.
3	I guess Jollibee is ok, I'm not a big fan of they're food. It's alright, not the best fast food place to eat but i do like they're apple pies. Other than that the just taste mediocre to me. Jollibee has a variety of food from burgers to spaghetti to chicken. Jollibee has two locations one in Maryland Parkway and one in Summerlin. It's probably the most famous Filipino fast food franchise, it's like the McDonald's of the Philippines.
4	By far the best friggin gravy and chicken skin ever..  The only downside was that it's pretty expensive for the portion size, and if you only like white meat like myself, then be prepared to wait 20 minutes or so..
1	Gross. I know my fellow Filipinos would decry me as unfaithful to my country but this shit is straight-up garbage. If being Filipino means liking Jollibee, then I am in for some serious identity crisis.I simply cannot back up this establishment. Like seriously, this is not Filipino food, well most of it isn't. A more accurate description would be a disastrous take on American and Italian food. Sweet burgers and hot dog littered spaghetti? Ugh. Soggy fries? Ugh. So-So fried chicken? If I was starving, maybe. Filipinos who grew up eating here adore the shit out of this fucking bee. Their only redeemable item was their fried mango pie and even that made me go in to a tailspin. Why? Because there was a pube on my pie. Oh lawd. This is not good. On a forealzies level, if you're unfamiliar with this place, keep it that way. You'll save your hard earned cash and avoid food poisoning. It's overpriced and so not worth buying that teriyaki burger or hot dog spaghetti. Instead, for burgers, hit up In-n-Out, it's cheap and delicious. For spaghetti? Go to Parma in Summerlin, kinda pricey but it's far more authentic and savory. But please, do not be lured by the creepy bee. You have been warned.
2	I first heard about this Filipinos fast food joint when I was in Honolulu a few weeks ago. They just opened one up in Waipahu. There was such a long line up there everyday that I didn't even bother to go there. One day while I was driving along Maryland Parkway and happened to see the big sign of Jollibee on the wall next to the Filipino super market "Seafood City". Since I didn't see any line up, I decided to try out this place. Surprisingly, there was no one at the counter ordering and only 4 customers eating and this was lunch time! Someone told me to try their fried chicken but I opted instead for the Palabok Fiesta because it's healthier....LOL. I was disappointed as the portions were very small. I guess my taste buds are not used to eating Filipino food as I found the rice noodles overcooked and not that flavorful.  I don't think I would go back there again.  Sorry!
5	You can never go wrong with their spaghetti w/ chicken joy, plus peach mango pie!
4	Ok now. For this location. I went to this spot on Wednesday, because I was on that side of town for a meeting. After my meeting, I decided to stop at the Jollibee because I really wanted something from there. As majority of the time, I usually get the Tocino meal. Well, needless to say, that is exactly what I got for lunch. I got the Tocino meal, a lumpa rolls, and a Baku Pandan drink with bobas. Of course because it was lunch time, I had to wait for a little bit since the Tocino meal is a breakfast. YES. the serve breakfast all day. THANK GOODNESS. Thanks to my Filipino friends, I now where to go, when the gals are not cooking. hehe. Thanks, ladies.
3	I can only tell you that the pineapple burger my co-worker got for me, I really liked.  Can't wait to go there and try something else.
4	Its Jollibee foo! "Joylicious" in every frigging way my friends! Where you can get your Filipino fix of fried poultry, garlic fried rice, lumpia, spaghetti, pilabok. and breakfast meats! This place is about comfort not quality; kinda like the McDonald's/KFC of the Filipino world. The food is always like a friendly call girl....cheap, easy, ready when you are, and always leaves you wanting more! lolDefinitely try out the breakfast foods, Tocino (Sweet Cured Pork) and Spam (Spam :) ) are the better ones, the Longanisa (Spicy/Sweet Sausage) its just a spicy hot dog and not the real deal here. Also they have burgers which are 2nd rate, so stick with the fried chicken, pilabok (Glass Noodles Vermicelli with a specific flavored sauce) and sides. They are greasy but damn tasty! The Peach and Mango pies are 2 for $3 and worth every penny!Service is fast, friendly, and comes with a "Thank You Mamsir!" lol
1	Oh my! Are those Vienna sausages in my sweet spaghetti? That was my first reaction when I went to Jollibee in the Philippines. Just like how the Philippines are an amalgamation of different cultures and cuisines, the menu here reflects that in fast food form. The fried chicken is not the best but cheap. The spaghetti sauce is similar to ketchup. Their boba is fresh, warm, and sweet. Lacks the chewiness and the drink unsettled my stomach for the rest of the day.
5	I ended 13 years of Jollibee sobriety here a couple of weeks ago. I hadn't had it since I was in the motherland in '98. Amazing is all I really have to say. I'm certainly biased, but I really don't give a damn.Yumburgers and Chickenjoy forever.
3	Triple F -- Filipino Fast Food -  but try the burgers and the hotdogs last.  The palabok is good, the spaghettis is passable.  The breakfast items are the best.  Service is always spotty.  Just remember this is a FAST FOOD place!
4	One of my fave Filipino fast food restaurants here in Vegas.
4	I don't quite get this place or why Asians love it, but it is very good :)
4	Jollibee is the most fun you could ever have at a fast food restaurant.It's called Jollibee for crying out loud! One of the plates is called the Chicken Joy. How can you not smile after hearing those words? Unless you are a complete banana.The other day, I popped in for lunch and got the fiesta noodles. Basically, it's rice noodles, topped with brown sauce. I also got a side of the corned beef sliders. A funny story about these sliders. A few years back, I stumbled into a Jollibee in Koreatown (LA) after a very intense happy hour, and accidentally ordered these sliders. Ever since, this has always been a go-to item for me.The service at this particular location was pretty good. I got my order within 4 minutes. I took it back to the office, but nothing was missing. Definitely better than the other fast food options in the area (McDonalds, Burger King, etc). Plus, who wants to eat at those places? Jollibee is where it's at.
4	Jollibee is a filipino fast food chain. The first time Kalila ever had it was in the Philippines itself! This place is great for a quick palabok (they call it "fiesta noodles") fix. Their chicken Joy is comparable to Popeye's or Church's fried chicken.Kalila's favorite is their Jollispaghetti. Filipino spaghetti is typically sweeter and has hot dog in the sauce.My favorite thing to get is the corned beef mini sandwich.They have other filipino favorites like halo-halo, taro drink, sotanghon soup, etc.Only problem is that when you leave Jollibee (located inside the seafood city market center), you will leave smelling like food.
3	My girlfriend often comes to Seafood City and she told me we needed to stop by to get something.  Then we happen to come along Jollibee, it seems like a nice little establishment.  I didn't really know at the time that this was a big chain.I have tried the purple Boba slush and it is farely decent.  I don't really get the appeal of the place, I'm guessing this is like a KFC of Filipino food?  The staff seems helpful and I'm sure I will try the food selection sooner or later.As for now, I think this place is A-OK.  The prices seem reasonable, I'll be back to give it a more in-depth try.#TryItBeforeYouBuyIt#GettingMyFil#SampleSize
5	Jollibee is a Filipino based fast-food restaurant. They have really good fried chicken. I love the spicy chicken. They give rice and gravy on the side. I always order a side of fries and the awesome mini pies. I had Jollibee when I went to the Philippines in 2007. It is almost exactly the same!
5	This has got to be one of the best tasting fried chicken I've had anywhere! Ordered the two piece meal with rice, container of gravy and a drink. Good service and clean restaurant. Reasonable prices.
3	This place gets a 3 stars for its nostalgic value of the Philippines. Other than that, I wouldn't say the atmosphere or menu boasts anything special. They have their signature chicken joy, Filipino style spaghetti (it's comparatively sweeter than the italian um...prototype?), all day breakfast combos with a choice of corned beef, beef tapa, sausages, egg, and rice. It's really just another fast food chain - themed up Filipino style. On to the more positive aspects though, you wouldn't want to miss the halo-halo. It's a famous island delicacy dessert composed of shaved ice mixed with evaporated milk and topped with all these goodies like ice-cream, leche flan, beans, fruits, jello. Not bad, I say, although I've tried waaaay better halo-halo back in the Philippines. To be honest, with Jolibee, what you see is what you get for the most part - except their little pan de sal bites. Don't be fooled by the ad sizes, they aren't that big and for 99cents an order, you would rather get a pack of bread at the next door Filipino bakery instead. Also, if it helps, they've also got a television placed above the drink machines playing Filipino Dramas and game shows. So if you are into the TFC channel, this is a good place to stop by and enjoy your meal to.
3	I had the fiesta noodles which were okay but I wasn't in the mood for noodles though. My boyfriend ordered for me since I had a little difficulty in deciding. Their chicken is pretty good. Crispy and juicy! Fries were a no brainer as well. But then I had the peach mango pie... I was in heaven!
5	I love love love their fried chicken. I don't know what try put in it, but I find it highly addictive!!! The gravy goes well with their delicious fried chicken. Spaghetti is different, sweet with hot dog, but it is also tasty. But their fried chicken is out of this world tasty to me. I prefer jollibee fried chicken over any other fried chicken at this point.
3	Being a proud Filipino, seeing a Jollibee is akin to seeing the Golden Arches for Asians.  Although I do like me some McDonald's every once in a while, I try to stay away from too much fast food.  Ruins the palette!  Not to mention the diet.Jollibee is on the average with every other fast food joint in and around the US of A.  It does strike a chord for many Filipinos stranded in the 9th Island that is Las Vegas.  The memories are a welcome to most, and to food for me at least is just OK.We visit Jollibee when the family feels like we get too American.  Gotta remember your roots!  Ironically, Jollibee is as Americanized Filipino as you can get!  Flavors are totally changed to a more Westernized taste bud.  For crying out loud, Jollibee's website it located at www.Jollibeeusa.com!  That said, they do serve some decent dishes.  Jollibee serves breakfast, as well as a main menu that goes for lunch and dinner.  Ok, breakfast...is not your health-conscious oatmeal and egg whites.  You got your garlic fried rice (breakfast of Filipino champions & vampire hunters), fried egg, a slice of tomato for good measure, with your choice of pork, corned beef, beef tapa, milkfish belly, pork sausage (which looks more like a hot dog), or my beloved SPAM.  MMMMM...tasty!  Please be sure to have lots of liquid with your breakfast here, salt city baby!  But for some reason, comforting.  Although my mom does a much better breakfast with her leftover bacon-fat and garlic fried rice, scrambled eggs, and Uncle Louie's (Maui's own!) Portuguese Sausage.  *DROOL*  I miss my Mommy.Jollibee's main menu is very, very varied.  Typical stuff you would find in a fast food burger place, but some curveballs thrown in for good measure.  You got your hamburgers, cheeseburgers, hot dogs and your fries.  But add on their Chickenjoy to the menu.  Fried chicken yeah!  Along with mashed potatoes, gravy, corn, and of course..white rice.  Wait, there's more!  Want some spaghetti?  They got it at Jollibee too!  Filipino spaghetti is the norm, but the difference is the meat sauce is made sweeter with the addition of a nice dose of sugar.  Ooh, my glucose levels.  What, not Asian enough for you?  Jollibee also serves up classics as Pancit Palabok (aka 'Fiesta Noodles'), as well as a nice crispy bangus fish plate.Food's not bad, I usually end up getting a spaghetti and Chickenjoy combo plate.  Did I mention the gravy for some reason is really good?  I'd probably put it on a shoe (a clean one) and gnaw on it.  The burgers are decent, but I've had better pancit in other places.  But I warn you diabetics, choose wisely!  Me thinks a lot of their food has added sugar in it.  Sweet!Jollibee also has some dessert offerings, mote notably their Halo-Halo sweet treat.  I like theirs because they add a scoop of vanilla and ube ice cream on top.  I just wish they added more fruit, more ice, and less sugar.  Plus come on, the price is a bit much!  About $5 for a large one.So if you're new to ethnic food, or want to impress that Filipino date of yours, don't go to Jollibee!  Ha Ha!  Go eat at some real, authentic Filipino establishment!  If you're craving a quick fix of Asian fast food then Jollibee might just be the ticket.  And take a pic with the Jollibee mascot, all the other Asians do!  Although he does creep me out a bit.  Damn you, Stephen King and IT...scared me off of clowns for good.
5	This is the place I visit when I want a delicious mango cake or fruit cocktail dessert. But, when I crave "Halo Halo," there is NO ONE in town who makes the best ones. I say so because i have tried many and no one makes them like Jollibee on Maryland Pkwy. I don't like the ones at their other location in Summerlin because they are stingy with the  proportions of everything. Like adding two beans of this or two pcs of jello. Please, be generous with the proportions when you are making a Halo Halo and paying close to $5.00 bucks for it!
5	Best Filipino Fastfood!
1	No matter what, their food will never be worth it or better than the Jollibees in the Philippines. At least the McDonalds in the Philippines has the same recipes. Jollibee just doesnt quite taste the same. Its overpriced and it takes away from the "fast food" prices. I still like their boba & gravy though. Hopefully, they add on something new to their menu that drives me back whenever I go to Seafood City.
4	It is a filipino fast food chain and I have always loved their fried chicken, since its the only thing I have ever ordered there.The chicken is very crunchy (which I love about it) and juicy.  I usually get mines with a side of rice and either fries or corn.  If you like Popeye's then maybe you should give this fast food chain a try.  Also, while you eat your food you can even enjoy some filipino tv shows inside Jollibee.Lastly, the service and the prices are A-OK.
5	Moist, succulent pieces of fried dark meat chicken! I love chicken joy, my fatty self loves drowning the chicken meat in the gravy...the skin needs to be appreciated in its fullest, crispiest form without the gravy.  Even the little spam biscuits with mayonnaise are surprisingly tasty.  There is nothing healthy here that I can see....but bad food is my pleasure.
4	I watched Anthony Bourdain's new show "Parts Unknown" on CNN, and in this week's episode it was on Koreatown in LA. After watching this, I was starting to plan my foodie road trip to Los Angeles. I saw that he visited a Jollibee on that episode, and I remembered that there was one in Vegas. I went to the one here, so that it would help save some time when I get to LA (also to help save my stomach). I stopped by before going into work to get some food, to go.This Jollibee is located in the Seafood City supermarket between Flamingo and Twain on Maryland. You can't miss it because it has a huge sign, and it is right next to the Best Buy. Parking here can be tricky, sometimes the lot is packed, and other times there is plenty of parking near the store. After you walk in, there is Chow King on the left, and Jollibee is on the right.Jollibee is actually a chain of fast food stores. It is considered to be the "McDonald's" of the Philippines. There is a menu full of items: sandwiches, fried chicken, entree's, breakfast items and desserts. I wanted to try the same item's from the show, so I picked out an Amazing Aloha Burger, a little big bite Spam sandwich, and a Halo-Halo. There is a counter similar to fast food places where they take your order, and after ordering, the'll give you a number and you pick up your food when they call your number out. My order was done pretty quickly, and the employee's were nice.Amazing Aloha Burger - A large burger that comes with Aloha sauce, patty, lettuce, cheese, bacon, and pineapple. The advertisement picture is misleading, you only really get a quarter of a slice instead of a round slice, of pineapple. The burger itself was very good. The meat was tender, and the lettuce was fresh. The Aloha sauce was more on the sweeter side, and it complimented the sweet-sour taste of the pineapple pretty well. The bacon was the key, it tied all the flavors together, without it, it would be a boring burger. The only complaint would be that I wished the pineapple slice would have been the same size as the one in the advertisement. But other than that, it was a good burger for a fast food joint.Spam little big bite - A slider made from a sweet roll, with mayonnaise. This one was OK. The bun tasted very similar to a Hawaiian roll, but just bigger, and was coated with a light sprinkle of cornmeal. It was toasted as well. The spam was a little bit more salty than what I am used too, but it was OK. For 1$ each, it was a pretty good deal.Halo-Halo - I think that almost every culture in the world has a version of a sweetened icy dessert. This one came with shaved ice, sliced fruits, red beans, fruit jelly, and flan. This version at Jollibee has a predominant coconut flavor, and is very refreshing. It was good.For all 3 items I spent about 10.50. It was a good deal for the amount of food I received. The food was good, and so was the service.
3	A friend told me about this place, so when I was in the neighborhood I decided to check it out. I walked-in and seen just one culture. I felt odd honestly, like I was being stared at. I was the only white girl that was in there lol. I walked out.. I don't know why it seemed to bother me so much, but it did. Years later I returned to try again. I have lived a very closed in life when it comes to trying different cultures of food. On the menu they had Bangus (Which I don't know what that is) Fiesta noodles, that looked like fish and meats on the top of the noodles. Since I am a scary cat, I decided I wanted to taste something I know..A burger. I ordered the Big Yum. It was a very soft burger. I know that sounds funny, but I don't know another way to explain it. Like the meat was soft. Makes me think of what kind of meat I was eating? It was a different taste.  They didn't skip on condiments! Big A+ there! I am making it a goal to try different foods. So many restaurants in Vegas and I always seem to go to the same places and the same foods. I want to go back to Jollibee and try the chicken next.
4	It was finally our last day in Vegas and we were about to head home. Missed the free breakfast buffet from the hotel because I had too much to drink the night/midnight before and couldn't get out of bed.. anyone smell a hangover?aaaaannnyway.. so we decided to grab something quick (and cheap) to eat. Jollibee!!! Never been so happy to see that red bee smiling at me.I had ordered the usual jollibee spaghetti. Now, if you like sweet spaghetti with slices of sausage/hotdog in your chunky spaghetti. Def give this one a go. If not, then go... far far away.The only thing I could stomach that time was the spaghetti so we took the peach mango pie (you gotta try this one!!!!) to go.The place is nice and clean. The only difference about this branch is that they had the soda fountain open to everyone.
3	So you wanna eat at Jollibee huh?Coming from a Filipino, here's all you need to know. These guys are known mainly for their Fried Chicken, Sweet Spaghetti, Burgers, Hot Dogs and desserts. They have other items as well but these mentioned are what you will mainly see people eating when you go there. They also have all sorts of breakfast items as well but is only served during breakfast hours. Here is a link to their complete menu just in case you were wondering. http://www.jollibeeusa.com/menu.htmlWhenever you see a Jollibee, in most cases you will see a Chow King and a Red Ribbon as well because all three are basically the same company. Now Chow King and Red Ribbon are completely separate reviews so lets talk about Jollibee.Now why is it that most chains that originate from other countries just don't have the same appeal when they open locations abroad? I have always asked that myself. Could it be that something was "Lost in translation?" LOL. Anyways, the most common reason people come here is for the crispy fried chicken that comes in either mild or spicy aptly named "Chickenjoy". Now to many non Filipinos, when they get their order for the first time, they are surprised that it comes with gravy. Ironically, they are even more surprised that it tastes good with it! I for one think of biscuits, ham, or turkey with gravy. But chicken? Hay, don't knock it til you try it.As for their Spaghetti, its definitely not what you are used to. Filipino style Spaghetti is kind of a sweet style of ketchup with sliced American hot dog slices and ground beef. Again that seems like a weird combination but in most cases you will be pleasantly surprised.As for the prices, well the last time I ordered it was two 8 piece buckets. One was spicy and the other was mild. Total came out to about 23 bucks and change. So it was 11 dollars a bucket. Why is it so expensive you ask? Beats me. The only thing I can think of is that there aren't too many Jollibees around and the fact that each piece of spicy chicken has to have a little "spicy" flag on it tells me they have one specific person that does that and only that all day. So that person needs to get paid. LOL.Service? Well it's pretty much the same as whatever other fast food chains you would patronize. Obviously the more packed the place is, the longer you gotta wait for your food. I recommend to just call ahead and order to go so by the time you get there, wait times will be at a minimum.Last but not least. Desserts. For these guys, its simple. You have one of three choices. Halo Halo, Pearl Coolers, and Crispy Deep Fried Pies.Halo Halo (translated in English as "Mix Mix") - Shaved ice with evaporated milk, mixed with certain fruits, jelly, and flan, topped with a scoop of either Ube or Vanilla ice cream. Pearl Coolers - These are basically smoothies with boba or tapioca pearls. They usually have several different flavors ranging from Ube to Avocado.Pies - The best way I can describe these guys is remember when McDonalds used have their apple pies deep fried to a golden crisp? Well same set up here but different flavors. You got Peach Mango or Banana LangkaSo overall an ok 3 star rating is my pick because the food is decent but a bit pricey. The fact that its a chain can significantly drop it to a 2 but these guys do a decent job of trying to serve the same authenticity as its original base in the Philippines.
2	The Jollibee stung me in the gut, and I'm still recovering! There's nothing mind-blowing about the food, it's just a fast food place that serves American food that's been tweaked to suit more Asian tastes. In addition to burgers, fries, and Asian style drinks like bubble tea, they offer crispy fried chicken (AKA Chicken joy! I do give them props for the amusing name) and spaghetti. I tried the aloha burger combo and the halo-halo dessert. The burger tasted kind of like a McDonald's burger, except they stuck a pineapple inside of it. The fries were decent, and there's a self-serve soda fountain. Unfortunately one of the diet Pepsi machines was broken and it spurted out carbonated water on your hand in addition to the actual soda in the cup.The halo-halo was OK, but whatever fruit was in it was very thready so when I first spooned out some of it, it looked like they had accidentally dropped some synthetic Barbie hair in it or something. The rest of the dessert was filled with shaved ice, 2 scoops of brightly colored ice cream, various sweet beans, jello chunks, and red bean paste. There's enough seating to accommodate people during busy times, and they play Filipino TV while you're eating your meal.My verdict? Meh, it's alright, but don't come in expecting a lot, because it's just fast food!
5	Love jollibee. Love the Yum burger, spagetti, and chicken.
4	UBE shake gets 5stars!!! Best shake that ever touched my lips. Not a fan of the spaghetties tho. The burgers are on point. And it's a lil pricey. It's good fun tho when I'm with my lil niece and nephews.
2	I heard all my Filipino friends talk about Jollibee but never got around to trying it. I'm not saying it's bad, it's just more of an acquired taste type of thing... I might have also made the mistake of thinking that spam and spaghetti was a good idea. It tasted funny. That's all I'm saying. Kind of bland, the noodles weren't properly coked through so that didn't help either. I'm not sure why theres so much spam, I thought that was Hawaiian? Weird, anyways I took one bite and the rest into the trash. The chicken which everyone reaves about was pretty meh. It was warm and crispy, but the coating was so thick and dough-ey. I'd much rather get KFC, which I've steered clear of for years. Service is really bad, I was asking questions and the girl at the cashier didn't really know the menu, hence I got all the weird and bad stuff.  Why Jollibee, Why. I'd maybe go back but it'd have to be with some Filipinos so they can educate me on the Jollibee culture.
3	Affordable fast food that taste good and is pretty filling. They aren't always consistent with the crispiness towards the last hours of closing. What's great is Dessert is right next door only 10ft from ordering.
4	I wish they offered something for the pescetarians (why do they no longer offer milk fish?) but my little meat eating family loves this place. My love can't stop eating the bugers and my teenager loves the chicken strips with mashed potatoes and gravy. I do love their french fries. I can't get enough of them. Only when their freshly made though. After sitting out for 20 mins, I'd much rather starve.
3	I love this place! There are a few items on the menu that aren't very good, however, that's why my rating is average. And I'm Filipina. I would order the cheaper 6-piece bucket, it's more worth your money! Split it between your family or something. I love the chicken, the sweet potato fries, and the banana langka dessert pie--much better than the peach mango, in my opinion. Jollibee is pretty satisfying for Filipino fast food, I'm likely coming back, I'm way too Filipina not to.
3	So if you're Filipino, you love this place.  If you have never been here, you probably think it's just aite.  Their signature dishes are the filipino spaghetti and the chicken joy with gravy and rice.  The spaghetti definitely reminds me of my childhood.  Slightly sweet tomato sauce with ground meat and hot dogs.  The chicken is awesome also.  Probably a safe bet to have your non-Filipinos try.  Skin is crisp and pairs well with the gravy.  And of course, like in true Filipino nature, you must eat it with the white rice.This location is in the Filipino grocery store mecca and surrounded by other Filipino stores.  So there's tons of Filipinos. So Filipino transplants who've been deprived of this fast food will love it here.  This is the McDonalds of the Filipinos.  So if they are lucky enough to find a location, they/we definitely take advantage so we can get our fix.  Imagine if they took away McDonalds from your country.  Then on your vacation, you drive by a location.  Wouldn't you want to run in and order a 6 pc or Big Mac with fries? That's how it feels!  Love me some Jollibee!
2	What was I thinking going here?Once you walk in, you're greeted in two different langues at the counter. If you don't respond in Filipino, they say hello in English. Ha.Ordered a C1, the two piece with one side. Regardless, you will get rice. You have a choice of gravy, corn, and mashed potatoe. Got my food and it was all right. ***AIGHT. Nothing special. The chicken was super breaded and pretty much meatless. I was all breading!Other than that, this place was EH.
2	The spicy chicken and rice I ordered was good but I also ordered a side of fries and it was very stale and cold. It tasted pretty nasty... So my dad went back to ask for another batch of fries and they gave him a beeper, we waited 40 mins only to find out the girl forgot that he asked for some new fries. lol, horrible customer service.
4	I grew up eating jollibee at the Philippines. It's nice to have one here in Vegas. Love their chicken and gravy. o n I can't stop by without ordering spaghetti.
4	Food that brings me back to memories of my childhood in the Philippines. Kind of took time for my take away order to be prepared. A couple of people behind me in the order line got their orders quicker - thus taking away 1 star.
5	I love love love their spaghetti. I can eat a whole tray by myself. They are always giving the right amount of sauce which is a big thing for me since i wont eat spaghetti if the pasta is more than the sauce. -_- plus they have hotdog bits in it!   and right amount of melted cheese. I just love it. Their beef steak is pretty good too. They serve it with rice and gravy. You can order it with egg too if you want. Their chicken is just amazing! Never dry and add the gravy... omg. Delicious! You can get this with rice or spaghetti. It's never packed to the point that i cant find a seat. It's always clean and they serve it pretty fast. They even added a buzzer to let you know that your food is ready.The price is not expensive but since a lot of their food and desserts here make you want to get them all, it kinda adds up in the end.
5	Spaghetti, Chicken Joy, Hamburger Steak, Yumburger... Can always satisfy my little, Filipino heart..Brings back childhood memories.. Crispy-skinned chicken that comes with their oh-so-delicious gravy ; can be paired with rice, fries, corn, mashed potatoes, or sweet potato fries! Plenty of combination plates to choose from, ie. Chicken and Spaghetti! And their infamous Yumburger-- great mayo / ketchup sauce, meat could honestly be better in quality, but I still like it.Overall -- good, cheap, Filipino fast food!
4	If you read my about me I have an absolute love for fried chicken combined with rice and jollibee is probably the reason for this.  Combining the epitome of soul food with arguably the best condiment what more could you ask for?Jollibee is located inside seafood city and is difficult to miss considering its what you see when you first walk in.  They used to have a variety of different specials on particular days but they have since gotten rid of those deals. They have a flat screen tv that plays all the popular filipino dramas and shows which are honestly quite interesting if not humorous to watch. I always go for the C3 which is made up of 2 pieces of chicken (thigh or leg but you can ask for two legs or two thighs) and two sides.  I always get two thighs, spicy with two sides of rice no drink which comes to about $5.95.  Their service is quick, so quick often times they hand me my order after i'm finish placing it lol.Their filipino spaghetti is very good and honestly if they served better portions of it, i'd probably get it more often.  Halo halo isn't too bad but I normally go to chow king thats across from the restaurant (ask to take out the jelly, it tastes better without it in my opinion)Overall this place is an awesome spot by school that's affordable and satisfying!
3	Food was good, but they don't really listen to your order or say it back. So I didn't get my order correct. But again the chicken is good.
4	I fell in love with jollibees on one of my trips to Hawaii I found out that they are as popular in the Philippines as McDonald's is to America. The good/skinnyI have to say the burgers taste very different than what I am used to but man if you have an open mind you should def try it (I think) they make there burger meat using there world famous gravy (I go for the big aloha cause it has a pineapple in it) they also use a honey mustard for the sauce and the taste combo is amazing. The chicken is always perfect and taste fresh with a side of banana ketchup (has no taste of banana and is so tasty) the French fries are so good as well always taste fresh and perfect a must if you are in Las Vegas. The bad They don't offer the aloha hot dog which I loved in Hawaii I always ask just to make sure they know they should get it in. And sometimes it can take a while for food to come out but with all good food it takes time so I'm patient :-).This place is def worth it if your foodie like me and try the ketchup you only live once.
3	I never liked Jollibee when I studied in Baguio at SLU, but when you need some Filipino style cooking, you can't go wrong with this place. I especially love the Peach Mango Pie!!!! Their breakfast meals are great. The place can get a little crowded during rush hours, restrooms are useable, but the prices can be expensive. Otherwise it's worth driving the 300+ miles from AZ to eat here when we go to the Strip for a getaway.
4	I barely come here, maybe twice a year. There's no need to...since home cooked Filipino food is so much better...and there are wayyyy better choices out there than "Filipino fast food."  When I do come here, Jollibee doesn't disappoint.  The chicken is great with gravy and white rice.  You can't go wrong with the Filipino spaghetti. It's a different take on your traditional spaghetti, it is sweet with hot dogs.  To top off the meal the peach mango pie is a real treat.  Don't forget to take a picture with the bee!
4	Aaaaaalright. I may have a little bias towards this place because (uhem..I'm Filipino) And although it may not be the first fast food restaurant I run to or even really have at the top of my list for anything, I still have cravings like once or twice a year for it. There's just something about their chicken that I LOVE. Pair that with their Palabok & Ube Boba and I'm done! Thirst quenched. Cravings satiated. Thank you. Goodbye. For real though.. this place seems to ALWAYS be busy so I can't really suggest any 'down' times for the best Chicken Joy experience, but go anyway. The loudness of the crowds and the crazy children running around adds to the fun, HA!
3	Jollibee has been my favorite fast food ever since I was a little girl.  My mom used to take me to Jollibee for my birthday - so it's quite memorable to me.  The Jollibee in Las Vegas was the first Jollibee I have ever visited outside the Philippines.  My first visit was a while back (not so sure about the date maybe 5 years ago), but I go to this place at least once or twice a year.  My favorite food in Jollibee: Chicken Joy with spaghetti, Peach mango pieOther than my favorites, I think everything else is OK.
5	Who doesn't love Jollibee? It's like McDonalds for Asian people. Love it. Gotta have my fix if I know it's in the area! Jollibee is a fast food chain and I wish they had it here in Florida. Instead of Ronald McDonald they have a statue of the big Jollibee for the kids.It's affordable, and they have a breakfast and lunch menu. Their chicken is so good and their polabok is what I'm addicted to. Even the spaghetti is good. Everything I've had here is good and it's a fast food joint. They have pineapple juice!I've been to the one in NY, and one in Cali near LA. This one was in Vegas and it doesn't matter where you go, it's awesomeyummilicious. It's so hot in Vegas, this one is inside a market so you can eat and shop or shop and eat. I didn't even bother looking inside the market, I went there for the Jollibee.
5	Jollibee is to Filipinos as Popeyes or KFC is to Americans. You grow up eating this with family. The Chickenjoy and gravy with jolly spaghetti were my favorite "snacks" back in the day. Snack because no Filipino would consider it a proper meal. You eat this when you go to the mall or after running errands but a meal it is not. Its different now but ask the oldies(ahem Im only in my laye 20s, btw) and they'll pretty much agree.The Jolly spaghetti is not for everyone. The sauce is sweet and  if you havent tried Filipino spaghetti, you'll probably wtf at the few pieces of hotdog in your sauce. I cant quite explain its presence there but it is what it is. The chickenjoy is delicious! You pour the gravy over your rice (thats how my daughter enjoys her chickenjoy) and you have to order an extra tub of gravy for dunking the crispy skin in..drools*The palabok, burgers and pies are pretty tasty, too.My only gripe in this particular location is the restroom. They only have one and they dont do a good job in keeping it sanitary. I suggest you hold it in because the restrooms in the nearby Seafood city isnt any better. Service here is pretty awesome! They are fast which is great considering the chain's popularity, the line grows fast during peak hours so plan accordingly.
3	Can't complain for the price, $3.66 out the door for a little burger, "regular" fries and a drink. Now the burger is kind of like a kids size but just the right size for my situation, I was just a li'l hungry and have been curious to try so I thought I would start by trying something simple. It ended up tasting kind of like meatloaf. They put what I would guess was ketchup/mayo blend for sauce. All in all it was okay, nothing to write home about. The fries on the other hand were better than your typical fast food fry. They were crispy, not oily but still had good potato meat inside'em. Hope that makes sense. I am interested to try the Jolly Spaghetti. Until next time.
3	I was excited to find out that there was a Jollibee near where I was staying at in Vegas. My mom is filipino so, I'm very familiar with a lot of the filipino dishes.Jollibee is honestly a watered down version of filipino food. It wasn't terrible, it was just...okay. My mom order the palabok & she didn't really care for it. The noodles we're thin, the same noodles that she uses in her pancit. I'm accustomed to palabok with the thicker noodles but, that's my preference. I ordered the burger steak with rice. It wasn't bad. I really liked the gravy with the rice. The meat well, it's your standard fast food frozen beef patty. Overall, the food wasn't bad. Don't expect super authentic filipino food at a fast food setting. This spot would be perfect for someone who's never had filipino food before & wants to take baby steps into the cuisine.
2	We had a family reunion this past weekend in Las Vegas and all of us tried to experience all that was Vegas together.Coming from the Midwest, we don't get to experience Jollibee or any chain restaurants from the Philippines... so of course who would not want to visit this establishment when in town! The food... always as I remembered.. Chicken is always crispy and the gravy adds just a perfect touch to the crunchy wonder and to complete your Jollibee experience would be their famous spaghetti! Now.... for the service. Since it was the sunday before Labor Day... Jollibee was rockin at lunchtime and so was the chaos. But for several of my family members we shared a family meal of a bucket of chicken with spaghetti and rice.  I believe the order came with 3 pies. We ordered 2 peach/mango pies and a banana/langka pie along with a bottle of water. We got our order, but no pies.. We ate and after the meal I brought the receipt back to the counter and told the employee from which we ordered our meal...she referred us to the manager (she was wearing a blue top with glasses, bun on her head).  I explained we received our order except for the pies.  Instead of simply apologizing and giving the  pies... she goes on to tell me she filled the order herself and remembers the bottle of water and that she put the pies on the tray. I told her, "no... sorry... we did not receive any pies." She then states, "well... where were you sitting." I told her where we were sitting. (Not that I needed to do that... she basically IMPLIED THAT I WAS LYING!) Seriously!!!!#$%^&*() Then she tells me.... "I put the order together... I remember I put the water on the tray. After going back and forth for a few minutes... I told her do you think it is possible (in this crazy world we live in) that someone else ordered chicken and spaghetti at Jolibee's along with a BOTTLE OF WATER! C'mon! It's not until I asked her... "are you seriously going to argue with me about pies?" then she looked embarrassed... and just gave me the pies cause she didn't want her employees and other patrons staring.  Didn't look at me... didn't say sorry. Just tossed the pies. I almost said prior to her giving the pies... forget it... just give me my money back. I would expect this from an hourly employee, but not a manager whom which "should" be setting an example. If this is what the managers do... I can only speculate what the rest of the staff does. I hardly go on to yelp... but I like to read many reviews. So this is a pretty bad experience in order for me to yelp. To the manager at this location... Thank you for ruining my nostalgic experience for the Philippines
4	I first had this in San Diego when some of my Filipino friends took me. It's fast food but, dang, it's good. I was comfortable eating here although it might be because I can speak Tagalog and already know my way around the menu. I have to say that I didn't notice too many 'outsiders' eating here. Not sure why though because the flavor is awesome. From the spices on the chicken to the gravy along with it and the perfectly al dente noodles and the sweet spaghetti sauce. Line is long but don't be intimated. It goes fast and people are friendly. Should have one of these on every corner like every other fast food. I don't always eat fast food but when I do, it's delicious.
4	sometimes you just need some filipino fried chicken with some rice. besides that, nothing else is worth getting
3	Jollibee oh so popular because it's big in the Philippines. Many people eat this because it is a fast food place that's affordable. You get what you pay for. The only reason I can give this place three stars is because their Filipino spaghetti is very Filipino original with the chopped hotdogs. If you want good chicken, I'd say there are a lot of other options out for you. If you want the Filipino atmosphere with plenty of chismis and people staring at you, then this is your spot. I also like the fact that the Filipino channel is on all the time.
2	I swear my peoples love themselves some Jollibee.It's Jolibee! I don't like Jolibee sure I'll eat it once in a while like when I'm in a group and the majority want this over wise HELL NO you have to drag me in here. It's a popular Filipino fastfood joint. It's almost always busy especially when its time to eat. I can't never find an open seat. Their food is pretty much like the usual American fastfood but with a Filipino flare. They don't have just any kind of spaghetti they have Filipino spaghetti, laced with lots of sugar and mixed with hotdog. I kind of like their chicken but not as much as some who think their chicken is amazing. They have pancit, good desserts, and a mascot.Ok, so maybe I like Jollibee a little but not enough to bump it higher.It's located inside a center with Seafood City, Chowking, and.other Filipino shops. Vegas has lots of other options for Filipino food but there's only one place like Jollibe.
4	Want to try how Filipino's does chicken. Want to get out of Popeye's and KFC. Try this place out. I've converted everyone that has tried this place. They serve breakfast to dinner. They have Philippine breakfast, fried chicken (spicy version available), and their signature burger. They have kids menu as well which is just the mini version.  The seating is now more restaurant lounge type which is more comfortable. It is packed a lot during a certain time at noon and evening. Everyone seems to need to eat and watch Philippine shows.
5	Taste of home! We had chicken joy, spaghetti, palabok, and peach mango pie. Everything was pretty good, and the price was decent. The only thing I found that could be better was increase the number per bucket. I think each bucket contained only 6 pcs, so we ended up having to order 2 buckets (there were 5 of us) just in case. Service was pretty good. We got our food right away.
3	One of 2 locations in Vegas, this Jollibee is located inside the Seafood City on Maryland Parkway, just south of the Boulevard Mall. If I come here, it's usually because I already happen to be in the area and it's only for their fried chicken, or ChickenJoy as they call it. Everything else is meh. The sides that come with the entrees are usually meh too...they don't look every appetizing because they're probably just frozen or canned foods. I mean I doubt they're making fresh corn or mashed potatoes here. Prices are mediocre for a fast food joint and really depends on what you get. The chicken seems a little pricey but most everything else is cheap unless you're getting some type of new or specially featured item that isn't on the regular menu. Basically if you're coming to Jollibee, I'd recommend the chicken only
