4	It's your typical neighborhood nail place. The people are nice, and the prices are average. However, they do not appear to get pissed off when you walk in 30 minutes before close and ask for a pedicure, they take their time, and their work looks good and lasts a bit longer than the other nail places I have tried in the immediate area. Give them a shot.
1	I will not be going back to Party Nails - I went in for a fill and it turned out awful! I thought the staff was really rude and disrespectful and I was charged more than the actual price stated on their wall and I didn't ask for additional services. The inside was nice and I thought the experience would be as well but I was wrong. Would not recommend.
5	I love this place they do the best job, I even drive 45 min because I moved and they are worth it! I'm always happy with the results. My nails don't lift or chip. I have also had a facial their and it was amazing. It was my first facial however I was happy and it wasn't expensive. I would recommend this place to anyone. Just bring cash for your tip, they do take cards but not for tips.
1	Very disappointed. I didn't get the design I wanted, which was stripes on ring finger. The man doing my nails tried and failed. It looked awful, I had him replace just with glitter to make it simple for him. Same guy did my friends nails a few months ago, it came out bad too. She had to go elsewhere to get fixed. I won't be back. Only good experience was the lady who did my eyebrows. Very nice and motherly like. I liked that.
1	I give this nail salon a 1 star only because I had to select something.  If you're looking to get your eye brows done, this is not the place to go.  First the technician didn't ask what I wanted done she just began trying to clean my brows up rather than arching them which is what I wanted. This irritated me seeing as I had already expressed to her to arch them and I expressed that I had not been able to find a good place since I've been here in Arizona.  She began saying she knew what I wanted however did not provide this service. As I was paying to get my eye brows done she was trolling me she would see me when I came back after I clear expressed how unhappy I was, SMH.  I politely told her I would NEVER come back to this place of business.
