4	I love little family restaurants and this is a nice one on the main street in Lawrenceville. A couple years ago they expanded and opened another room which serves alcohol. That room has more of an upscale feel, but the other room still maintains that small-town diner vibe. I've only had a couple of meals here but I was satisfied each time.
4	I'd personally give this 3 stars, but my boyfriend really really loves this place.  A LOT.  The food is a little too greasy spoon for me.  But Barbs is a friendly place and I do respect that.  The prices are right, the foods edible, and it's close to where we live.
5	What a wonderful little greasy spoon diner. Breakfast special was AWESOME and totally worth the reasonable price. Nice little local place with good food and a basic atmosphere.
5	great prices, great food, quick service! Will return here time and time again.
5	Great simple breakfast.  Will become a repeat customer.  Great to find a place like this in the City.
4	A great little neighborhood place.  Good service and a great cheap breakfast.  We will be regulars!
4	A local, down home Pittsburgh gem! If you are looking for a comfy, solid breakfast at an amazing price, Barb is your girl.I gotta say, I am a fan of knowing that I am going to get big portions and nice service before walking in the door of an establishment. Call it ESP, foodie intuition or a keen eye for restaurant signage. Either way, I got both. Barbs is kinda small, with an outdoor patio that they open up in the summer. Haphazard knick-knacks, dusty photos (a really odd one of an out of focus hummingbird in a wooden frame that confused my dining pal and me), and a corner TV contribute to the ambiance. Lots of locals chatting about sports and why so and so is an a-hole and can't catch a ball to save his life. If any of this is reminiscent of a relatives' home around the holidays, or sounds vaguely familiar, Barb is your girl. Or you are also a western pa native. :)I ordered the veggie omelet, tomatoes, mushrooms and green peppers with egg whites only, wheat toast and hash browns/potatoes. Nice, solid and tasty with a good amount of veggies. I'm always a fan of the egg white option as well. The potatoes were not doused in grease and butter, but pretty light and fresh and cut in nice chunks! Even though I gave the rest of mine to my pal (as I mentioned, the omelet was pretty big!) they were enjoyed!I would like to be a repeat offender of Barbs, and plan on asking the server what's up with the hummingbird photo next time. And re-ordering those potatoes!
3	Cute little diner hidden on a curve between lower and upper Lawrenceville. We came here for Sunday brunch, craving some delicious breakfast food.  I think I almost had a heart attack at how CHEAP it was.  For barely $4 you get eggs, a choice of meat and toast.  I mean, seriously!I actually opted for the Country Omelet, which was ham and provolone cheese, onions, peppers, mushrooms and tomatoes.  It was an packed omelet with a crap ton of cheese!  It had to be like 3 or 4 slices!  It also came with home fries and wheat toast.  The home fries were okay, but I like crispier slices than what I got.  The service was extremely friendly.  Seriously went out of their way to check on you, get things for you and just be plain nice!  It is incredibly appreciated.I discovered no paper towels in the the bathroom and told the server.  She whispered to me that they don't keep paper towels in the bathroom anymore, but at the front counter.  Apparently people were stuffing them in the toilet.  Um, whoever is doing that, stop it!  I want paper towels in the bathroom!Hot Tip: They DO accept credit cardsIn the summer it looks like they have a super cute patio to sit out on!
3	Another great early weekday morning breakfast spot.  Clearly there are everyday regulars who frequent Barb's, the true sign of a good location.  I was impressed with the number of menu items (including poached eggs and grits) given the small size of the place.  Great service.  I will definitely return!
5	I love this place! How have I lived nearby for almost 2 years without knowing that this little gem existed. Completely unpretentious. Typically dinner food. Admittedly, I've only have eaten here once, today for the first time in fact, I will DEFINITELY come back. Great food, pleasant service, amazingly affordable food.
4	Thankfully, Barbs is in  walking distance to my house. This is a great place for your hangover cure, and your wallet will say  "thank you sir/mam may I have another" as it is DIRT CHEAP.Barbs does breakfast, and they do it well, catering to the hearty working class Pittsburgh appetite.  They have a wide selection of Omelets, and you can order biscuits and gravy on the side (my go to fat kid breakfast item).The waitress is spot on with coffee and anything else you may need. Everything was just what the doctor ordered, well, maybe not since I put hot sauce and mayo on everything, but thats another story. Unpretentious, filling, cheap, hearty, delicious.
4	Barb's is not pretty on the outside, but you know by the looks of it that it is gonna be good. This is a true Pittsburgh diner; the portions are big and the prices are small. Just the way we like 'em in Pittsburgh. I ordered an omelet and coffee. The omelet was cooked properly and had lots of meat and cheese on the inside. You will never have to wait for a coffee refill and the good thing is that the waitress didn't ask us every time she came by if we wanted coffee. She just kept topping us off every couple of minutes.
5	Good, cheap diner food. They have all the diner classics served whatever time of day you crave them aaaand they have a bar.
1	Someone call the health department.
5	This is a one of a kind dive diner! Great breakfast food! Local, quick and easy! Our server BJ was the highlight just an awesome dude !!! Food was fresh and came out quick!
4	I like it here, and it's within talking distance of my house, so you can't beat it!  The prices....amazing.  $3.99 for 3 eggs, toast, hash browns, and bacon?  Wowza! It's no-frills outside and in.  I love all the ladies bustling around inside who have most likely lived in Lawrenceville their whole lives and worked here for 20+ years.  Props to one super-efficient employee who didn't let my coffee cup get below half-empty.Daily specials are written on a white board.  The menu is much more extensive than you would think, with most items between the 5-10 buck mark.  The counter is a great place to sit if you are here solo for a quick bite.The crowd is totally eclectic - hipster families, hungover 20 somethings, older Lawrenceville locals, etc.It's no longer called "Country" Kitchen, rather "Corner" Kitchen.Barb's is a comfortable place with comfort food at a REALLY comfortable price.
2	To be honest, I'm completely confused by these positive reviews. Our server had long, dirty, tobacco stained fingernails that were poking into our order of eggs when she set them on the table -- gross!! It kind of brings dirt cheap to a whole new meaning for me. And the food just wasn't very good at all. We didn't finish our meals. We just paid and left, and I'm pretty sure we ate breakfast again when we got home. Maybe we just had a bad experience? Or maybe I'm just not a local regular or a hipster?
4	How did I only give Barb's 3 stars before?  My apologies.I was back last weekend for lunch with some friends.  I had a difficult time deciding what to order until I saw the lunch special at another table: hot roast beef sandwich with mashed potatoes and gravy.  Our waitress told me the roast beef had just come out of the oven and it was even better than I dreamed it would be.  And with the mashed and that gravy?  Bullseye.  I'd also recommend the Country Fried Steak I ordered on a previous visit.  It is a hearty breakfast that even I couldn't finish.Service can be a little slow at times, but always friendly.  It's a great location in Lawrenceville.  I'll continue to return.
3	This is a breakfast and lunch diner, so if you are arriving after 3pm chances are Barb's has already closed for the day. This little diner is a quirky, neighborhood eatery where a lot of regulars and locals can be seen on a daily basis. Almost everything on the menu is made fresh. Our usual order:Chicken Noodle SoupHam and Cheese Omelet and Home Fries with Onions well-done and Italian ToastThree Eggs Poached Medium, Extra-soft Bacon, Italian Toast and home fries with onion well doneSometimes we might add in some wings or some pancakes, but it is rare. The wings take quite a while to cook as they are made to order, but their flavor is rather good. All of the breakfast items are stable, are cooked properly every time, and won't kill your pocketbook. My only issue with Barb's is that they don't have butter. I will usually get my toast dry because of this fact.
5	One broke Sunday morning we decided that we had to enjoy our short weekend after a 6 day work week. You know, make it feel like we did something; spent some money... I read somewhere that this place is reasonably priced, and it's true. We had breakfast for $4 each; poached eggs (my favorite, I must add), toast and home fries. One option for also $4 had meat, too. Coffee was only $1.35 with constant refilling. The service is fantastic, unless we got lucky and had the nicest waitress in the city. We were there at around 1 pm. Two guys next to us were having lunch and the plates looked appetizing. People just kept coming in. The place is not big, even though it looks it from the outside. Large crowds came in and sat at the enclosed patio they have on the side. We are definitly going back to try other menu items!
4	Amazing food. I was scared walking in. Looked like a whole in the wall. I told my friend who brought me if I didn't like it it would affect our friendship.  Best breakfast I've had in pittsburgh. My new choice
5	I went to this diner with some friends. I had never been here before but passed it many times never noticing it. By far the best diner in pittsburgh. If ur hungry and this is an option, I definitely recommend this place.
3	Yum, I'm glad that I've finally gotten to experience Barb's. Bobby declined for a month every time i offered since it's easier to just grab breakfast in Oakland or downtown. I've become a little non-existent on yelp lately due to my urge to learn to cook (& cook well!) I've been making dinner at home and packing my lunch daily, so breakfast at Barbs last Saturday (which was also our 2-year special date) was our first time eating out in a good month. I ordered the traditional breakfast; 3 eggs, home fries, choice of meat & toast. Bobby ordered the kitchen sink after I informed him that many people on yelp recommended that option. He was satisfied and I think its pretty awesome you get to choose the 3 meats in your kitchen sink omelet. Speaking of that, when I asked if they had sausage patties i was surprised to hear yes but even more happy that they had 3 different options in the sausage patty category (score!) There were a few mishaps but we never mentioned them to server because the food was still delicious. (minor mishaps.. wrong sausage, no onions/peppers on home fries after requested & never given an option on toast. we were just brought out Italian) None of these were too big of a deal, but I thought there should be a reason behind my rating... Im sure any of the workers would have bent over backwards to fix the issue if we had brought it up. Everyone was friendly! We'll be back and I'm sure next time it'll be even better. I have to mention the coffee is great and the cup is bottomless.
4	The 3 egg Breakfast Special is now 4.99 but still an awesome deal. Add a buck and get turkey sausage!
3	Place was okay. Hangover food that wasn't the tastiest. Not the cleanest place either but friendly service
1	Grosss
1	I hate this place... They don't have cheese all they have is this disgusting liquid cheese. I almost vomed when I looked at my eggs Benedict and it was smothered in nacho cheese. Our waitress was so rude!!!!! Gave us dirty looks and I felt that she hated her job and was annoyed we were coming to eat breakfast. Sat out on "deck area" and there were fly trappers hanging from the ceiling. Never coming back!!!!!
5	Barb's is my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. It is homemade greasy goodness. Everything here is amazing at a great price. You can get a huge plate of breakfast foods or an amazing sandwich and I never pay more than $10. Their onion rings are the single best onion rings I have ever had. Most places just buy a frozen bag but at Barb's they cut, batter and fry theirs by hand. Its something simple that takes their food to the next level. Good old fashioned cooking like your grandma use to make. So so so so good. Try it out.
5	Lovely authentic diner with cheap breakfast food and cool staff. It's a real experience and great for hangovers.
5	This is the perfect spot for brunch if you are looking for a standard, greasy spoon type diner. The food was good, there was a lot of it, and it was incredibly inexpensive. Another reviewer said try to order straight off the menu because they will not accommodate you, but I will say the exact opposite of this. I was with three family members who all wanted their food made very precisely, and the waitress was super nice and understanding and the food was made exactly as requested. We also had a child with us who wanted something not on the menu and the waitress said, "just tell us what you want, we'll figure out a way to make it." Ok, it sounds like we were an awful table but I don't think it was that bad lol. Anyway, GREAT place!
5	Delicious food! We go there for brunch. They always have good specials and it's great if you're hung over. Everything I have had there, I have liked. I do wish they had a soda machine instead of bottles. You can beat a good, cheap, local, mom and pop breakfast diner though!!
1	Today, we have learned something new about food. We never know that one waffle can take an hour to make. It is amazingly awesome to have one of the longest-wait pancake in an entire world. What surprised me more is the taste! It is so bland.Ooohhhh...we also found a bug in the syrup that they gave us (please see the photo). Who doesn't want protein in their waffle!?Anyway, the service is terrific! Why? It should be ranked in the the top ten worst of the world! Therefore, we are glad that we have tried this place. It is one if the life time experience.P.S. How can I give a -5 on yelp?
1	If you like watered down coffee, margarine, processed cheese product, and soggy toast, then this is the place for you. They know how to under cook and burn potatoes at the same time. Cheap, yes. And it shows.
3	If you want a cheap meal that will get you through the day, Barb's Country Kitchen will accommodate.  But don't expect anything more than average quality food.  DECOR AND VIBE:  Hole-in-the-wall diner.  It was clean-ish -- the age of the place shows.  Kitchen is visible from dining room, and it looked clean.    Basic booth seating.  A neighborhood place, you will see a lot more diversity in people than you will see in other Lawrenceville spots.  Comfortable.  SERVICE:  Wait staff was very friendly.  Food came out very quickly.  PRICE:  Five stars.  You could feed a family of four, with drinks, and not spend more than $20.  They serve a lot of items al la carte, so if you are not really hungry, you have plenty of options.  FOOD:  It is what it is.  I had pancakes and potatoes.  My guest had a breakfast sandwich.  Taste?  Nothing was especially great, but I have certainly had worse food at much higher prices.  Everything was prepared well, and the portion sizes were solid.  If you are use to higher-quality coffee, you may want to pass.  OVERALL:  If you are in Lawrenceville,  hungry, left your wallet, and only have a ten dollar bill in your pocket, this is a decent option for quick, cheap food.  But this is certainly not the 4 or 5 star place other posters suggest.  It is what it is, and doesn't try to be anything else.
5	If you want a home cooked breakfast in a place where everyone talks to each other - Barbs is your place. Had a potato pancake which was huge and incredible. Plus some eggs and toast. The best part is that we spent our Sunday morning talking to the tables next to us as well as the incredible staff. Will go back as often as I can
4	We've been to Barb's a couple of times for breakfast/brunch on the weekend. This is a very unassuming diner; if you aren't paying attention you'll go right by it. While simply furnished with older booths and stools, it is very clean and seems well maintained. We last went at 9:30 on a Sunday, and while they were busy it wasn't overcrowded and we didn't need to wait for a seat, which was a welcome change from some of the other breakfast-only places in Pittsburgh. The clientele was a mixture of "hipsters", families, and regulars.As people have mentioned the food is inexpensive. Notice that I didn't say cheap, since it was very good. I was pleasantly surprised by the pancakes, especially given the price. They were tasty and fluffy, not bland as I expected. The breakfasts we had (mostly eggs, potatoes and bacon) was very good. The home fries needed some more crusty bits and salt but otherwise were very good.Note that they take Visa and MasterCard if the bill is over $10, which is nice.The servers are all very friendly servers, and our waitress last time was very efficient, as we needed to leave quickly due to an appointment. It was much appreciated, especially since she seemed busy.Unfortunately it's a little out of the way for us, but we'll be looking to go there the next time we have a hankering for breakfast food while in Lawrenceville.
5	I ate here with some girlfriends after a night out, it was incredible. The dress code is anywhere from sweatpants to three piece suits and the regulars make it feel like home. Kitchen sink omelet was delicious, apple glazed waffle special was DELISH, and the white gravy? Flavorful and delicious, cheap and a great breakfast spot.
