5	Cindy and Danny have moved back to Cali to be closer to their family... But the new owner(s) are doing a very nice job and a great deal--and you can put gratuity on the debit card!I've been here many times before and always have a great experience. The  other technicians in Fountain Hills  massage my calves so hard that it hurts! The nail technician gave me a nice foot massage and knew to stop scrubbing my very sensitive and ticklish feet when I squirmed. The music that they play is very soothing. I like the hot towel in winter and warm lotion....aaahhh, relaxing.See you in a few weeks for some festive color, purple today, glittery gold for good luck in the new year!
5	By far the best nail salon in town! My Mom lives in Fountain Hills and I come up from Chandler just to have my nails done there.Mike, the owner is great.  He is personable, friendly and has a nice clean shop.  He takes his time with each customer and is always smiling.
1	I made appointments for my daughter and I to have mani-pedicures.  We are from another state and I just moved here and she was visiting me and we thought it would be fun.  I checked Yelp and saw good reviews so I was thinking this would be a great treat for my daughter.  I had the man working on me and he did a passable job but the woman who worked on my daughter didn't speak any English and within hours her manicure was chipping off and she had to re-file her toenails because they were so jagged and sharp.  Our feet were so dry from the pedicures that we had to apply tons of lotion to them to make them stop hurting.  The manicures hurt for days from all nicks we had around our nails from the cuticle scissors they used.  We would not recommend this nail salon to anyone.  By the time my daughter left from her vacation, her nail polish had completely chipped off.  What a waste of $85.00!!
1	I just paid $25for the worst gel manicure of my life. After being rejected from my usual place because they were too busy, I went to Cindy and Danny's which was down the street. Their selection of gel colors was smaller than most places but I found a color and let the lady know. The color she started painting was completely different than the one I chose, but with an attitude she let me choose another. I settled on one of the dark reds and she got to work. After a while I realized that she was using color 440 instead of 441 like I had asked for but she had ready almost finished my hand and I was too shy to say anything, especially after the look she have me for switching before. When she was all done and my nails should have been dry, another guy came over with some alcohol substance and began wiping   my nails. My thumb smudged as a result. The other lady came back and accused me of hitting it, and from then on guided my hand like I was an idiot. When she redid my thumb she used color 441 instead of 440 that was on all of my other fingers. Also, don't they usually add a shines coat to the top? Mine look completely unfinished. Not to mention that I could have (and often do) paint my nails much better than she did.
