5	If I could afford it, I would live here. They've got everything!Gourmet bakery (cases and cases of handmade pastries), local gelato (yum), espresso bar, sushi bar, fine alcohols, outdoor seating next to the BBQ lunch bar, nice produce, lots of meat choices (sadly, no buffalo though) nice people! Don't get up here very often, but last summer I spent a lot of time outside in their bistro tables, working on my microbiology homework. The outside area was the perfect setting for an iced latte, a muffin, and some hardcore learnin' about microbes.
4	Ok, so I have eaten at AJs a number of times.  I don't actually shop here for food, I just go and buy things that are already made.  I have tried 3 different types of food: sushi, the sandwich, and the hot meals.The sushi:  Ok, I have had sushi here when it was pre-made and when it was made in front of me.  I would only eat what I can see being made by the chef.  I was not a fan of the pre-made (although probably made by the same person) as it was just not very good.  On the other hand, when I had the sushi made before me it was pretty good.  I don't know that I will ever crave sushi from AJ's, but it is good in a pinch.The sandwiches:  These are pretty tastey.  I enjoy them.  I like the add-on options.  I hate the price.  I can't believe how expensive half a sandwhich can be...but then, I guess I am at AJ's.The hot food:  I have liked everything I have bought as far as the hot food goes.  It is all pretty tastey although also a bit pricey, but not as much as those darn sandwhiches.Overall, a pretty tastey place to get food when I don't want to bother cooking.
5	What can I say???  I love this place!I go here as often as my checking account lets me, which seems to be more and more...oops!  No wait, I mean less and less...?  Oh yeah, now I remember!...I go here as often as my CREDIT CARD  allows me which seems to be more and more...(haha) anyway---the price of their produce surprisingly not as expensive as you might think.  A lot of it is right in line with Safeway's non sale produce.  AJ's does have weekly sales, so keep your eyes out for their fliers, or just go on line and check them out.Their meat is awesome...all of it...any of it.  Some of the freshest seafood you can buy, but quite pricey.  If you're not the best BBQ-er or the best chef, buying this quality of meat is a must if you want good steak.  However, if your culinary skills are above average (like mine, toot-toot), then you can get away with Fry's Market aged beef.This quaint store even offers kitchen gadgets and colorful kitchenware, candles, cards, wrapping paper, gift bags, etc!!!  Not to mention their great wine selection and don't forget their specialty aisles and hard to come by sauces and marinades (try the soy vay line).Last but a must (guys take note), their floral section is by far the best of all the food chains.  They have unbelievable plants, but expect to pay a pretty penny for them.  You can get little floral bundles at a reasonable price and they are more personal than the bigger grocery chains.I've heard many good things about their Thanksgiving meals and their catering.  You know---got the in-laws coming to town?  Buy it from AJ's and say you've been slaving all day, they'll be impressed.  I refuse to try the sushi here or anywhere else for that matter unless I'm eating it at a top Resort (see Ritz Carlton review) so I can't comment on that, other than their little sushi/bar (you can drink beer and sake!!!) area is tidy and cozy.If I ever become a millionaire someday I will shop here 365 days out of the year for my groceries and everything else in between...until then, I'll just be a once a week gal.
5	Normally AJ's is one of those places I have to avoid like the plague because it would be too easy for me to go bankrupt enjoying all they have to offer.The one exception to that is their truly fabulous made to order Sunday breakfast special...Our Sunday morning treat is to have a made to order omelet.  Served from 9 am until noon on Sundays only this is an awesome deal:  only $5.95 for the hugest omelet ever and two sides.  Three of us at work share this monster.   I don't know how many eggs are in there but my guess is at least 6.  This heavenly concoction weighs in for at least a pound.  Eight inches long, five inches wide and three inches high.  We get it with everything but the kitchen sink; generous portions of two kinds of cheese, sausage, bacon, onions, bell peppers, mushrooms, asparagus and zuchinni.Just writing this review is making me hungry (can't wait for Sunday to be here!).This awesome veggie and egg extraveganza pairs ever so nicely with a double side of the most mouth watering scalloped potatoes to ever grace a plate.  I don't know what is in them but I could probably put a way of gallon of these all on my own they are so divine!If you find this place as tantalizing as I do, leave your plastic at home and just bring a ten dollar bill; you will be glad you did.
3	Beer selection and maintenance of beer area has gone down hill drastically in recent months.  Nobody seems to know anything about new releases, beers that were sold here just a few months ago, and there is no longer the nice display of newly released beers apart from the rest in the refrigerator.Checkout lines can get a little long before they bother to call for extra help, and if I've been going here enough times to know the longterm checkout staff's names then I think they ought to stop repeatedly asking for my ID, especially when I'm nowhere close to 21.
4	i'm stoked with this aj's. good selection of local items and hard to find items. excellent produce and deli offerings. love the kobe burgers ... the grill up good and juicy. other aj's seem to portion theirs at 1/2 lb, but this aj's makes then closer to 1/3 lb, a much more manageable size. cibattas are always in low supply which makes me sad. i've been impressed with many of the other offerings at the meat counter as well .... kabobs, stuffed chicken breasts, no matter what it is it seems it grills up nicely. desserts are lovely and there is a wide selection. breads are impressive and the deli offers high-quality selections.i've had some grumpy checkers and bakery staffers, but meat and deli workers are consistently friendly and helpful. attitude isn't normally a huge deal at a grocery store, but when i pay aj's prices, i want friendly service all the time. it is just a thing for me. i can't say i shop here as much as i would like to, but overall i'm pleased with the visits i've had.
2	I really like fine quality food but this place upsets me. They have a pretty good selection of higher quality stuff that you can't find at your local grocery hole. I'll give them that. I don't even mind paying higher prices (much higher prices) but what really chaps it is that they charge the same ridiculous prices for stuff that you CAN get at Fry's or Albertson's. Unbelievable. So basically if I want some nice wine or cheese I have to go to Aj's and even though they have everything else I need, I refuse to grab my ankles for them so I take 2 trips. Not to mention their typical clientele- awful.
5	I ordered 2 floral arrangements for a funeral and specified the price range and a few of the flowers and colors I wanted and my preference for something simple but elegant.  They did a fabulous job and both arrangements stood out from the rest.  The cost was reasonable compared to other florists and I would definitely recommend them.  This was the first time I used this location but have been pleased with all the arrangements from other AJ's locations.
4	Some of the best desserts and pastries here.  It is a bit on the pricey side but they do a good job at making them exquisitely well.  If you are looking to impress someone with a dinner at home this is a great place to buy your fixins!
4	I am so sorry A. J.s ,  I should be kinder to you . I have no excuse for taking you for granted. Your like a kind ,old grandpa ,that I just believe will always be there. But I believe A. J.'s might be gone someday in the future. Thanks for being the go to place for odd  or high end items  , my Scharffen  berger  Chocolate, Queen Creek olive oils,  puff pastry dough , gelato, interesting flavored jams, teas, and candies. I can get Godiva Sugar free chocolate  and if I am willing to pay the price lovely , lovely produce , way off season. The part I like best is I can run and get sweet tasteful gifts in a hurry and they look like I went out of my way to find a boutique item. Your customer service is first rate and your bakery  and meat cases make me swoon.   I would love to live in the floral dept , it looks so beautiful with hydrangeas , lillies and other hard to find flowers.  The only downside to you is your pricing.I know you need to stay in business but it's tough to do my regular shopping here , cause I keephaving to pick up my jaw off the floor ...3.00 mark up  for tea?  2.00 mark up for powdered sugar?  1.99 a pound for apples?  If you were more reasonable  I would go more often.  But all in all ,I love visiting you and  love checking out your goods..Thanks for being you.
4	Awesome place to grab breakfast, best iced tea, free wireless.  Pizza and salad on patio is nice also.
3	This place is right down the street from my house so I love to stop in for the .50 cent yes that's right I said .50 cent coffee and tea refills. you need to buy the reusable AJ"S cups ( not sure if you can bring your own for that price) but its the best deal in town. That said it is the only deal you will find in this over priced market. They use Illy coffee and china mist tea and offer many flavors to choose from. Don't really buy much else from here I just cant afford it.
5	The boulangerie is a purveyor of Illi coffee, and delicious homemade pastries and cakes. Sushi comes in many different forms at the in-house Sushi-bar, and if you ask, they will give you free green tea.  This is a great market, and I really enjoy the service, and food options whether it is sweet or pizza from the deli.
5	TIL: Eddie Basha, owner and CEO of Bashas' Inc., is a socialist. The stores that operate under the Bashas' Company include AJ's Fine Foods, Bashas', and Food City. He redistributes wealth from folks willing to pay $2.00 for an avocado to people that can only afford the fruit if it is 10 for a $1.00. Now I know that the term "socialist" is a dirty word in these here parts, but hot damn AJ's has a good deli section. Actually, I'm not sure what you would call that combination of pizza, sushi, desserts, and other pre-made foods except, maybe, heaven. I've been slowing working my way through trying all of these treats for a few years. I love the chocolates, cheese pizza, and salmon California roll! But these are just shining stars in a galaxy of treats! They also have a wide selection of iced teas which are cheaper and better than anything Starbucks has on its menu! I can't say much about the grocery section except that they have really good breads and hummus. I would also check here for gourmet sauces and seasonings that an average grocery store wouldn't carry. Whether or not you agree with Eddie Basha's wealth redistribution vision philosophically, let your taste buds agree with some dessert at AJ's soon!
4	they have a great seafood section.. I/E swordfish steaks!! yummm.... they will also order you shark steaks!! mmmm yummm. they also carry socialist pork! lol.
4	oOoh I'm giving this place four stars based solely on how fancy, organized and the quality of the produce and meats are...and they have this really lovely bakery inside...I would like to try it one day. As for the service...I am not very content with...why? because....So I was at the Butcher Corner's section looking at the selections of great beef cuts...I was pretty happy they have Filet Mignon and they looked like pretty good quality...and well for $26/lb they should be! Well so I've been standing there for awhile and there was a person behind the counter...I knew that knew that I was there but he didn't say anything. Then another person (old white Caucasian male) walks around the area just browsing..automatically the butcher guy asks him if he needs help...when I have been standing there for like 2 minutes. I was a little offended. Anyways besides that...this place is the equivalent of Bristol Farms in LA. This market has all the exotic and fine ingredients to make a delicious meal. =)
2	Tonight we decided to bring dinner to my family for watching our son. We stopped at the Fry's signature at Shea & Tatum and just couldn't find anything. So we stopped here. I'm familiar with A.J's, but I can't say I'm a regular per say. I was highly disappointed with the prepared food selection-they didn't offer much. We decided on to get the chicken parm made with sun dried tomatoes, a warm pasta salad with cheese and vegetables, a couple slices of pork tenderloin and one slice of pizza...totaling up at $36. Wholly cow!  Overall, food was mediocre.The good - I liked the pizza and the chicken was very tender and flavorful. The service was great. The bad-pork was dry with no flavor. Then the price, We paid over $16 for two chicken beasts and no sides - I've had better and more for around the same price , with service!I think I should have taken the family out to dinner for the quality and the price we paid!
5	I have long been a fan of AJ's and lucky for me, they didn't open a location on the West Side of town until after I moved back to California. If they had, I would have been more broke then I was as a single working mother.The daughter and I stopped in before her hair appointment for some coffee and pastries and then I came back in once her hair was getting done. The first thing I did was order some iced tea from their coffee counter. It was absolutely delicious iced tea and very reasonably priced. I want that tea now, I think it was pineapple or something yummy. I perused around the store, picking up some Goldwater Salsa and a stuffed Cornish game hen to cook later in the day for my Grandma from the butcher counter. I was thrilled that they still had the stuffed fresh hens for the same price I used to pay $4.99. Something inflation hadn't touched.I also picked up some huge honey crisp apples (something again Grandma can afford but won't buy for herself) and a small bunch of flowers for her. Next time I am in town, I am going to hit up AJ's right away for some iced tea!
5	Oh AJ's...  How do I love thee...  Let me count the ways (BEERS)... 1...2...3...200!They have so many different beers to choose from here.  If you ever need an ingredient that is out of the norm they will have it.  If you ever need an ingredient for a special dinner that MUST be fresh and ripe, this is the place.From 10 differnt types of flower, 15 different brands of pasta, to 20 different types of EVOO, if you're making a really great dinner, spend the extra couple of bucks and get your stuff here.One day I'll be able to afford the prime steaks.
4	Woohoo! really like this place and their meats! and I discovered an awesome sushi bar inside this fine market! it was happy hour when i was there...$3 dollars for salmon, tuna, yellowtail sushi and 6 dollars for sashimi!  The chef was so nice and gave me extra two dishes (at least 10 pieces more). I originally ordered 2 orders (2 pcs for one order) of salmon sushi, 1 order of yellowtail and 1 order (5 pieces) of salmon sashimi...but he gave me a lot more than what I paid for...like two extra plates of sashimi and 1 extra order of yellowtail. Wow it was so good! big and fresh pieces of salmon, tuna and yellowtail...mMmMm...i didn't finish it all so I took it home.. This is really an awesome market! i bought  another two filet mignons here...last time I made Beef Wellingtons with them and were so impressed with their quality that I had to come back for another two......I just cooked it last tonight...omg it was melt in your mouth goodness...and it was under 20 bucks per person...so freakin cheap! I don't think I can find a place in California (LA, OC)  that sells filet mignon this cheap and of this great quality. I wish they have an AJ's back home..haha They have other great products too but I am leaving in two days so I couldn't have finished it...maybe next time though.. I have tried their frozen desserts...they are so unique...not something you can find at Fry's or Safeway markets....but they are a bit more pricey....since they are a bit more fancy...hahaThis time service was good too! the Butcher guy was friendly and nice...unlike the other time...this guy acknowledged me right away and asked what I was looking for. and the lady cashier was joking with me too!
4	My favorite place to pick up a few items for date night at home. A few flowers, a bottle of wine, something from the butcher and don't forget to pick up desserts!
5	AJ's has never let me down when I am looking for something special.  I needed to put to gather a basket of goodies for a birthday present for an X New Yorker.   I found the Maytag cheese I had to have, the new olive oil (at most only weeks or months old) still posing all its flavor, a great selection of hummus,  and much more.
1	I bought 2 USDA Prime rib eye steaks,  a piece of german chocolate cake and a decadence cake. ($2.99 and $4.99).  the steaks were ok but I have had USDA Choice from Costco taste just as good. The desserts were terrible.  The decadence is supposed to taste like chocolate butter.  Should be that consistency and that flavor.  Instead, tasted like chocolate souffle. Fluffy and tasteless. The german chocolate cake was dry and also tasteless.  Not impressed.
4	I really like AJ's for what I use it as.  I love the dessert's, I love being able to stop in a get a huge china mist tea, brewed perfectly for a decent price, I love the looking around the isles.  The salad bar is pretty good, but expensive.  I don't grocery shop here, I wouldn't, but I do shop here.  I want to be able to stop by and eat at the grill some time.
2	Put you on hold forever (case in point the entire time it took to write this review). Do not have products as advertised in the weekly flyers (produce and bakery). Products are generally higher end=expensive. Even as a foodie, it is generally not worth my time. I prefer whole paycheck for my advanced culinary needs.
5	This is about the grill on the patio.DEE-LISH-OWS (yep, that's right OWS 'cuz it's gonna hurt so good!)I think this is possibly THE best burger I've ever had.  The meat was cooked exquisitely (I like med/well and that's rarely done right... pun intended), the bun lightly toasted to perfection, read cheddah cheese oozing down the side and the rest... a blank canvas for all of their enticingly laid out condiments and toppings.My 8 yo daughter and I split it in half (I got the big half) and shared it on the patio while people watching.  Sadly (for me) she finished all of her half AND I had to break off a bite of mine for our doggie who was going nuts!  It's that smell of the grill on the wind that makes you crazy while you're waiting (good thing it was only about 7 min during a weekday lunch).  It was only about $7 too!Afterward we went inside and got a couple of sugar cookies, super tasty and charmingly pretty.I cannot wait to go back and this time I'm gettin' my own!
5	I really wish I lived closer to one or that there was one on my way to work. I love the coffee shop in there. If I'm ever near one I always go in for a huge ice tea and snack. Good quality and pretty friendly service. Never really a long wait unless I stop in during the morning rush.
5	I know that everybody thinks that Ajs Is overpriced but between the customer service the quality of food, And produce I think you may be wrong if you want something great you're going to go to AJ's if you want Great age to meat Or even if you want the best of all of the cheeses whatever you do if you do going to Ajs You can't leave without ordering some Stilton blue cheese anyone that loves blue cheese will love love love us it may be in a special occasion Cheese but it is worth it's weight in gold also don't forget about the sharp Monterey Jack that's right Monterey Jack take into 10 times more levels is absolutely glorious and not very expensive the third cheese you have to have is the extra extra sharp white cheddar just do it you will not be unhappy with yourself If you do
4	I went here to buy a gift for a family member. I have to say that this place is very upscale to the point I feel guilty even being here, like I don't belong or something. But nonetheless, the workers were friendly and helpful. The store is beautiful; even the produce aisle looks cute with everything so artfully decorated in certain patterns. I agree that some of the prices for run of the mill items were marked up at ridiculous prices. I guess the store can justify the cost the imported items. It's a very nice place to find gourmet gifts or that certain ingredient you need for a nice meal...but I couldn't imagine anyone going here to buy a full grocery list's worth of items.
4	If you're into craft or international beers, they stock a ton of them. The line at the deli counter is no joke- take a number right away and you may have to wait awhile. This is a nice spot to grab lunch and sit outside on their big patio with the free wifi. Lots of yoga pants here. I'd like to meet the people who stack the fruit perfectly in their produce section. I'll bet they're amazing at Jenga.
5	You know what? This is kind of a sleeper great coffee shop, bakery, deli, pizza place, sushi bar. This is my new morning coffee place and though i find the coffee very good and better than SB.....it was how good a slice of cheese pizza is here. They make it NY style.....big foldable slice, lots of cheese, browned crispy crust underneath, good chew factor....Growing up in NY a good pizza only needed to be cheese, no toppings (check out the opening scene of saturday night fever)....and this slice at AJ'S qualifies. Who would of thought I'd find that in a grocery store.     The bakery here is also awesome and though I'm not into sushi, whenever I come in for lunch there always seems to be people sitting at the sushi bar.   They do have wifi but no outlets which isnt surprising considering its a grocery store. They have a nice outdoor patio, water fountain, and birds youre not supposed to feed but I do. They do also have tables placed about inside ....I would like it better if they actually made a section of indoor tables....that would be more comfortable.
1	Yikes .... top prices for AWFUL sandwiches.  Made to order but that is about the only good thing you could say.  Month's special sandwich was advertised as a caprese on baguette.  The "bagette" was more on the order of a hot dog bun - soft, doughy and tastless.  The tomatoes were also without taste, droopy basil leaves, a tiny tiny bit of oil and vinegar left  a dry and tasteless sandwich.  I was offered a choice of salads - anything for $7.99 or less none of which looked appetizing at all.  There was a salad named "best pasta salad" but that was $9.99 so I guess the "worst pasta salad" was the $7.99 one.The service was pretty slow tooSave your time and money.
1	After waiting in line at the deli for 13 minutes, I was finally placing my order. As I was doing so, another deli worker stood between me an the person taking my order. Once he moved, I finished my order. The person who took it went behind the counter where a fat cow who knew her cut everyone in line and asked if she could take her order 'real quick'. The deli worker took her order and made the cow some food. While she was serving the cow, she had forgotten all of my order. When she asked me what I wanted for a side again. I asked here what number the cow was (you take numbers at aj's deli to keep thinks 'more organized'. The deli worker responded "it doesn't matter, i'm making yours now".  ....well bitch, it does matter. Fuck this AJ's and their lack of customer service.
5	I never knew that they had a sushi bar but my first experience there was during their monthly all you can eat day. It was amazing! Def would recommend trying sushi here at least once! You might get hooked!
4	This is a very nice, upscale grocery store. I would compare it to whole foods, but I feel as though Whole Foods aims for a more fresh, organic lifestyle while AJ's aims for a more niche, older clientele. This review is for the bakery - the Agave Arnold Palmer is simply scrumptious!! I could drink it every day! I've also ordered macarons and cupcakes from their bakery which were good as well. The cupcake I had was a little dry - I don't know if it's because it was old or if it's because it was refrigerated - but that didn't stop me from devouring the whole thing.Cute place, great iced tea, I'm a fan.
1	This is the first time I've been to AJ's. I went to a fine foods store because I wanted a really fantastic ribeye steak and I was willing to pay top dollar for it. I purchased said steak and when I got home was really angry to find that it had been HORRIBLY butchered. It was basically sawed in half and stuck back together with a toothpick. I paid 13 bucks for this steak. I called and spoke to a manager Stephanie. She said that because the ribeyes were too lean they were cut like that. Huh?!? How does cutting a steak in half make it less lean? If it was too lean than they shouldn't have sold it in the first place. A ribeye is meant to be well marbled. She offered to let the butcher explain why they had done it like that. (Side note: person behind the meat counter said the butcher was gone for the day. Am I being lied to and they're suddenly back in the store?) I honestly didn't need an explanation about how it was to fix something wrong with the original cut.  It makes me mad that the when the steak wasn't up to par they decide to patch it together with sticks and sell it at the same price. If it wasn't a good cut to begin with why the heck are they still trying to sell it at a fine foods store?!?To Stepanie's credit, she is going to refund me for the steak. However, they still get a one star review. The fact that they KNEW the steak was not up to quality standards and pieced it together so it looked halfway decent in the case is why the one star review is well deserved. If they had a bad cut they should have sold it at a discounted price and informed their customers about why it's pieced together with a stick. They should also have quality ribeyes at the normal price next to the discounted ones so the customer can choose if they want to pay more for the better steak. I will come back to get my money back but I won't be shopping at AJ's anymore. Why am I going to pay top dollar when they try to trick me into buying shoddy products? It's the knowingly dishonest practice that really infuriates me.-Worked 8 years at a steakhouse. Don't mess with my steak.
5	My go to place for something special. I can always find top quality produce or meats.
4	pricey, but there are some values to be had here. i like it when i'm feeling lazy, or on a rainy day, it's very convenient.
4	If you are seeking gourmet foods and sometimes hard to find eclectic food items, this would be a great destinationDo you line prepared foods like bakery items, pizza, deli, salads, sushi, head on over for some good food.Produce is pretty good here as is everything less including wine selection cheese selection etc.You get the feeling gene you walk in that this is a high end shop. Prices can reflect that as well most times.Parking is available in the large lot.Shopping center is conveniently located off the 101 freeway and 67th.Located in the same shopping center as some clothing shops, a pet shops and some restaurants.
4	I LOVE their sushi bar. Hands down one of the best around. Always fresh and yummy. It's great to be able to get it to go and take it to work or grab it on the way home from work for a really nice dinner without having to go to an actual sushi restaurant and drop 40 dollars for one person. Alaskan salmon roll is 10 bucks...8 bucks on Mondays for their special. But it's huge and fills me up! Now the employees are pretty good. A few are kinda In their own world and on their phones when you need help. I understand it gets boring but if you have a customer waiting for you..pay attention. Otherwise you guys do great! One of my favorite grocery stores.
3	Good for desserts, pizza, and high-end itemsAJ's is exactly what you expect for a high-end market. They have some rarer and high-end items that you just cannot find easily, so they are a go-to place for those.  Pros:1) A very good dessert counter with everything from truffles to Giada's cookies to buche de noel to kosher candies.  Good stuff!  2) Pizzas are quite tasty.  Especially the white.3) Candy and cookie aisles have one of the best selections and some great brands. Now, if only we could get them to carry Compartes Chocolates...4) Beautiful store entry that feels more like a cafe.5) Excellent selection of exotic fruits during periods. They had lychee!6) They carry Pickled Perfection, which we love after being introduced to their products at Williams Sonoma.Negatives:1) Every second to third time, the pastries at the dessert counter are wet and/or stale.2) We stay away from the meats and seafoods. Super high prices without any detectable difference in quality. Really after top-grade meat? Look for a butcher via Yelp! and you'll find a couple great ones. And there was that lawsuit they settled for mislabeling the meat quality too high...3) Checkout can take a while and the people aren't as consistently friendly as we expect from visits to comparable places.Still A-OK and they aren't that far from four-stars for me.
