4	If you're into Jewish delis and you live anywhere in the Phoenix metro, this place is probably already on your radar. Previous to eating lunch here, I would not have considered myself to be much of a fan of the motza ball soup and sandwich combos, but, then again, things have changed since then. I have eaten here a number of times and the soups are ridiculously good. Split pea will warm your soul with goodness, and the sandwiches are almost as good.The brisket is exquisite and the barbeque is on point. A big Shalom! to Goldman's for keeping the spirit of the authentic Jewish deli alive and well in the Valley.
4	Chicago Style Traditional Jewish Cuisine is what the menu says...and that is exactly what you get!I don't think many people know about this little spot hiding in a strip mall off of Hayden and Indian Bend... the only reason I thought to give it a shot recently is because Allyson B raves about their egg salad (that she picks up every week to make her lunches with).I've been sick lately and I was in the area so I thought I'd finally see what Goldman's was all about.  Visit #1 I ordered a large bowl of chicken noodle soup and a vegetable knish to go.  Both were pretty good... not amazing, but good enough for a second visit 2 days later.  Visit #2 I decided to bring along the troops.  The group included my parents, my aunt, my cousins, and 2 dogs... it was perfect because we ate outside and then headed over to the dog park.  I honestly chose Goldman's for visit #2 based on the location and the fact that I wanted to try their matzo ball soup.  It was the perfect choice!  Everyone was pleased with what they ordered... I had a soup and 1/2 sandwich combo with the matzo ball soup I was craving (and it hit the spot right on) along with egg salad on challah bread - delicious also!I won't bore you with what everyone else ordered but needless to say, these troops can be tough critics and they were all satisfied!  Even the dogs were happy as they were able to nibble 1/2 the turkey from my Aunt Sue's sandwich since she is on a diet and the serving size was so big!My cousins took home halavah and rugalach that looked amazing.  They said it tasted really fresh and was the perfect sweet ending to the meal; just the right balance of flaky and doughy mixed with the fruity filling!Goldmans - you passed the test with this Jew Crew... I'll be back for more!
5	The Best Kosher Style Deli in Phoenix.
4	I had a craving for deli and this hit the spot!! Deli is certainly comfort food for me - goes right to my soul (and hips!)Definitely a 'home-cooked' taste and feeling to everything- I was sorry that I couldnt eat everything in one sitting. ha ha which means that I will be back for more!I will say that I have had a better knish though.It seems to be a great place for 'take-out' too :)
3	We saw Goldmans Deli when we went to Albertson's one night, so we decided to try it for lunch today.Ordered the Turkey Club with wheat bread, and it was delicious!! 4 huge slices filled with turkey, tomato, romaine salad, kosher bacon. It came with a side of french fries and that was yummy. For the sandwiches, you get a choice between coleslaw, potato salad, chips or french fries. It was a little pricey for sandwich, it was $9.99 but it was delicious & worth it! It's hidden in the Albertson's plaza all the way on the right side. Also, if you order under $5 and charge to a credit card there is a small fee of $0.35.
4	Now that I live in Old Town, this is my new "go-to" deli.  I've been a handful of times over the last few weeks and Goldman's has not let me down!Recently, I've had their tuna salad, egg salad, vegetable knish and matzah ball soup (not all in one sitting).  Both the tuna and egg salads are light - not too much mayo - just the way I like it.  And, the tuna has a really smooth consistency and a sweet flavor to it which makes it unique... I think they must mix in some sweet relish or something.  Whatever it is, I really like it!Again, not much on atmosphere unless you're into the over 60 crowd, but quality deli... I'll take out Goldman's any day!
3	Great for matzah ball soup and hanging with the geriatric crowd! Bad for their grilled cheese :(
4	I really do love Goldmans.The only reason that i don't give them 5 stars, is that I get to NYC on business every month or 2 and get to go to Katz, Carnagie, Second St., etc., and get the real thing, and there is just nothing in Scottsdale (or Phoenix, for that matter) that really compares.The sandwiches are terrific and the soups are exceptional. I love the kreplach's in chicken soup, and the corned beef is really good...not too fatty but not dry, either.The pickles for the table leave a little to be desired (where is a good, puckery, salt brine pickle when you need one?)Carin had the chef salad and the chicken noodle soup and she thought it was really good, as well.I'm sure the desserts are good too, but after the cheesecake in NYC, the cheesecakes and other deserts at Goldman just don't look the same. I should try them before I say anything either way.The prices are good, under $20 for lunch for the 2 of us.We have been here 8-10 times since we moved back into Old Town from North Scottsdale, and I do think Goldman's is the best deli in town.BTW, I know Chompies has black and white cookies, but is there anybody else in town who makes them? I would like to find someplace to get one around town, rather than have to wait to go to New York to get a decent one.
4	I often drive by this deli on my way to work and never stopped in. Since I was craving a good deli sandwich since last week today was the day. The restaurant itself is nothing special so I was hoping the food was. I gazed at the menu and was disappointed that there was no combo sandwiches, but the guy at the register was helpful and said that I could order a two meat sandwich for a dollar more. So I ordered the pickled beef tongue and chopped chicken liver (sometimes you got try the nasty stuff). He charged me for the lower price of the two and then added the dollar. I thought this was cool of him. Now about the prices, the sandwiches run in the $9-$12 range. I thought this was a bit high , but I wanted to try it anyway. I sat down and my lunch came pretty quickly. From the first bite a strange thing happened, I didn't think of how much the sandwich costs. It was very good. The chopped chicken liver was not dry and the tongue (get it served warm) was tasty. My sandwich came with a side of slaw (very good) and a pickle. Over all I like this place and will be back to try more "normal" sandwiches.
5	Best Jewish Deli in Scottsdale!  Wonderful family-owned restaurant.  They have great dinners available, in addition to a HUGE menu.  They're also great with special orders.  I like the hot dog, "charred" (aka: grilled).  They even do grilled onions at no extra charge.  They have a TON of meat in their sandwiches without it being too much meat.  Good coleslaw, great fries.  Dessert selection is good.  They even make breakfast.  its like a small version of Scott's Generations in Phoenix (which is great), but it's owned and run by the sweetest brother and sister team you could ever meet.
3	I'm not sure what to say about this place.  I'm from Vegas, and I was going to run home and give this place 4 stars, but then my girlfriend and I got sick.  Now I wasn't feeling awesome the morning we had lunch here, but she was just fine.  Coincidence, maybe?  Or did we get sick from the food here?  Not sure.That aside, the food was definitely above average.  It wasn't the best Jewish deli we had been to, but it was a pretty cool find considering we were driving down the road talking about going to a non-chain sandwich joint when we saw the sign for a deli.  Goldman's did not disappoint in that regard.
4	I decided to treat myself to a "normal" sandwich from Goldman's today. I ordered the pastrami on rye with lettuce, tomato, mayo and mustard ( well almost normal). And since this time I was not in sticker shock I could not help but to order a black and white cookie too. The pastrami was very tasty, but it was a bit too dry for me. The slaw helped and the cookie made for a good contrast between the saltiness of the pastrami and the slightly spicy mustard. I think I still prefer the beef tongue, but all in all still a good meal.
3	9/15My first visit, and probably my last for awhile.  Loved the pastrami and corned beef combo on marbled-rye, but found the slightly-under $12 price tag too high for a sandwich, chips, and a pickle.  I will note that I was able to squeeze four small, but ample, meals out of this: two with the marbled-rye, and another two meals from the leftover meat cuts with bread from home.  I might stop over and buy some deli cuts to enjoy at home, but I find the price paid repulsive, esp. when I drive many miles to dine out at least three days a week!BTW, I chose to eat one-half of the sammy at nearby Crust, which explains the background.
4	Great pastrami sandwich and hot dog. But for that and a coke it was $17.50. Paying the extra $1.00 for extra lean pastrami was definitely worth it, but the first $9.49 for the average-sized sandwich was too much. It's close to my new office, so I'd go all the time if the price was right. Memo to Goldman's: you are a NY-style deli, not NY-based!!Definitely try it and if you're loaded go on a regular basis.
2	Okay, after 17 reviews that received either one or five stars, I'm actually writing a two star review (technically, I'd give them 2.5 stars but there's no mechanism for that). I feel it's my duty, being a transplanted east coast Jew, to weigh in on Jew food here in the valley.First, the positives: the food was pretty good. They didn't put any of those annoying coatings on their fries and when I said "extra lean" I got a corned beef sandwich w/o any fat. They also stocked one of my favorite sodas, a deli staple, called Doc Brown's diet black cherry. Yum!That doesn't sound too bad. So why the 2.5 stars, you ask? Okay, the negatives: the negatives all center around price. I paid $10 for a SMALL sandwich and fries. Now, don't get me wrong, I got enough to eat. But that's not the way a Jewish deli works. Half a sandwich and a side should be enough to eat. It is at every other Jewish deli I've ever been to. That way you can share or save the rest for later. Plus, I asked for an extra pickle. How dare I?! Little did I know when I made the request that they were going to charge me $1 FOR A FREAKIN' PICKLE SPEAR!!! THAT'S LIKE AN EIGHTH OF A PICKLE!!! I couldn't believe it! Add to that the cost of my beloved Doc Brown's $2.49 and I'm quickly going broke. But wait, there's more. I dared to order pastry.Now, there are several reasons I ordered pastry and none of them are particularly startling. First off, I'm never in a Jewish deli so I couldn't let the opportunity pass. Secondly, I'm a real sucker for apricot pastry and they had two different kinds. Third, they had mandelbrot, which is prominently featured in my novel so I wanted to try theirs and see if it's any better than what I get from Simply Bread (it wasn't). Though I only had nibbles of each of the three small pieces, just to try them, I paid $3.30 for the privilege.Will I go back there again? Probably not. While the food was okay, I feel like I was mugged. Kinda leaves a bad taste in the mouth. One even good Jew food can't get rid of.
4	i really miss living a few blocks away from this place.  its great.  fresh product prepared well.  nice family owned joint.  the owners are a nice group as well.  i always tried to get something different everytime i went in and never had a bad meal.
4	The soups get FIVE stars.  Everything else gets just THREE stars.  Ergo, I ended up with FOUR stars.  The soups are amazing.  The navy bean has a wonderful flavor that I don't think can be duplicated.  Try the navy bean soup.  It will turn you into a "Navy-Bean-Soup-Zombie".  You'll walk around like Frankenstien with your hands up in the air with a glossed look over your face mumbling "ERRRRR Navy Bean Soup.... ERRRR".  You'll sleepwalk the same way and may end up walking down to Hayden and Indian Bend.   "ERRRR Navy Bean Soup... ERRRR"
3	Goldman's has nice tables and chairs in front of the store where you can bring your dog.  You can get water inside for the dog's dish (which you'll bring with you).You order at the counter and they will bring your lunch outside to you.The food is so-so - it depends on what you order and when you buy it.  i.e., cabbage soup: if you buy it too early in the day, it isn't cooked enough, but is delicious if you cook it more at home or come late in the day.They have tongue sandwiches, which my SO and my sister both love (Ugh.)
4	Good solid deli fare. I have tried several sandwiches and they have all left me satisfied. I suggest they invest a little in the atmosphere if they want people to dine in (maybe they don't).
3	The deli itself is good, and the chicken salad is great, but the price tag is a bit much for a local place. It's always a shock to get a $25 charge on three things at a deli...
5	I was born in the Bronx and have eaten at all the great NYC deli's. Not the touristy ones...the real deli's. When I came out to Arizona, people suggested Chompie's and a couple other places (one person suggested Einstein's Bagels for "real New York deli food" so I stabbed them). And by accident, I found Goldman's.Outside NYC, people think I'm strange for ordering a turkey with chopped liver, red onion and mustard on rye with a pickle and square knish. The lady at Goldman's has never laughed...to my face. The counter case is filled with all sorts of top notch deli. There are no bad choices and it is always perfect.So, if you're a New Yorker trapped west of Eight Ave. and you want REAL deli, stab someone for suggesting the Jack in the Box Pastrami Melt is just as good as them N.Y. deli's and head to Goldman's.Tell 'em "Stabby Finkelstein sent you."
4	I love Goldman's.  I go there often, mainly for the soup.  Love all the soups, but my favorites are the Lima Bean and Navy Bean.  Cabbage soup is exceptional too.   Chompies Cabbage soup has a bitter taste.  No comparison.Enjoy the Jerusalem Salad as well. Chicken is always really tender. Healthy meal choice.   Patty melt is great but expensive.  Reuben is good.The whole family works there and they work very hard.
4	Had the Nova Lox and bagel...really fresh and tastey...great pickle too...Alsomy friend had the spanish omlette all veggies...fresh...will be back for soe of the soups...tastey
3	I enjoy a good deli but man is it steep at Goldman's.  The sandwiches were delicious but for 2 deli sandwiches to go wit chips was $24.00...OMG love having a good sandwich but not sure it was worth it.  :(
4	U Gotta like this place.Soups - matzo ball, kreplach, cabbage, borscht - all top notch. Love the chopped liver, Kasha Varnishkes. Sandwiches all well done.
5	The egg salad is like sex.  I love an authentic Jewish deli, complete with Chicago Snowbirds...
4	I love the Hot Pastrami. My fiancee loves the Tuna Salad. I really find it hard to believe you could go wrong with anything on the menu. This place is a deli at it's finest!
5	I was in Scottsdale on business and I fell ill.  This deli was recommended to me for the best soup in town. This is a TRUE deli.  Amazing food, atmosphere is truly NYC throw back.A must-eat-at!
2	My wife and I were hanging around Scottsdale for the day and I pulled this place up on yelp. The reviews made it sound like a good choice for dinner so we stopped by. It was surprising that at 6PM on a Saturday night, we were the only ones there. I wasn't overly impressed with the speed of getting our sandwiches, but maybe there was more prep that went into them than I thought. From the time we ordered it was about 15 minutes until we got our food. My wife got a grilled salami sandwich. Judging by her "It's just ok" reaction when I asked how it was, it wasn't really anything spectacular. I had the pastrami sandwich. Judging by the reviews for this place, I figured that would be a good choice. Maybe it was bad timing (end of the day?) but this was probably the worst pastrami sandwich I've had in a long time. The pastrami was pretty dry and lacked flavor. The bread was a little stale tasting but wasn't horrible. I doubt I would come back to this place. There are a lot of better options for food in the area. If you're really craving a deli, it's not a bad option, but don't go out of your way just to eat here.
3	This is about the fourth visit to Goldmans and although a lot of people rave about it, I don't think it's as good as Chompies.I had the pastrami sandwich on this visit, and although it was good, it simply doesn't have the flavor that Chompies has. That being said, it's still a good choice for a big deli sandwich, and a good value when considering the size of the sandwiches.Their breads are very fresh, and portions huge, but still, not as tasty as Chompies....
3	We needed a quick, non-chain restaurant on our way out of Scottsdale and stumbled on Goldman's Deli.  We're spoiled with good deli food in L.A., so I wasn't sure what to expect from the casual, order at the counter deli.My son's french toast was a huge portion of thick sliced challah.  Unfortunately, it was too 'eggy' - I think he's used to my home made version with milk, vanilla and a splash of orange juice blended in with the eggs.  Omelets were good (spanish, corned beef and spinach/feta were among our orders) and filling so we took our bagels smeared with cream cheese to go for eating on the road.  The best surprise was kasha knishes on the menu - those are hard to find and the one we shared was pretty good.I had to love the four bubbies sitting at a table playing mah-jongg.  Added to the authentic flavor of the placeFood was delivered to our table despite the counter ordering.  Friendly service and a decent deli when you're in Scottsdale.
4	This is my first visit. Had the Pastrami. Very good. Not as big as Chompi's. This is not a kosher deli. They make their own brisket but I haven't tried it yet. The Pastrami was on fresh rye. Quality was high. Price is too--$9.50 for a whole sammy. You get about 8 ounces of meat on the sammy. I'll be back to try other menu items. Looks like many Yelpers like the soup's. I would like to see more food and meats displayed for take home like at Chompi's. I take off points for pricing....just a little bit high on the value side. Service was prompt and friendly. I like the place. Pretty basic ambiance.
3	Awesome deli!  They make great soups and sandwiches with generous portions.  The menu was pretty extensive, with an option to create your own sandwich.  The only (slight) downside to my visit:  They were not speedy.  I had a bit of a wait for my lunch.  I wasn't in a particular hurry and it was really good so, it wasn't a problem.  It gave me a chance to check out the six or so ladies who lunched and then recessed to a cutthroat game of Mahjong.  How cool!  There was no hassle when I asked for substitutions either.  I'll be sure to return.
3	I grew up eating deli at Canter's, Factor's and Jerry's in Los Angeles, this makes me a deli snob. I am, a deli connoisseur. In Phoenix, good deli is difficult to come by.  I ordered the pastrami on rye and matzo ball soup, standard deli fare. The sandwich was pretty disappointing; it was greasy (despite the fact that I ordered extra lean pastrami) and the bread didn't seem fresh or homemade. The sandwich was also not as high as I like to see my deli sandwiches, stacked only about 1/4 inch.  I have no significant complaints about their matzo ball soup, except that it was scalding hot. The final disappointment came in the form of their pickles, or rather a lack there of. One of the many reasons I lust after deli is because I live for traditional deli pickles. The pickles at Goldman's weren't good either, they seemed strangely similar to Claussen's brand, and they were pretty stingy with the pickles in the first place, we had to ask for pickles throughout the course of our meal. In general, Goldman's is decent deli that I would absolutely eat again, but my quest for amazing deli in Phoenix continues.
1	Very disappointed, especially when compared to Brent's in LA where everything on the menu is great.Phoenix is a deli wasteland.
2	I had lunch here with a friend recently.  He ordered a pastrami sandwich, and I had a grilled cheese sandwich.  We each had a fountain drink, and we got a container of hamantashen.  Our total bill was over $30, which I thought was excessive for what we got.  The food was okay, but I've definitely had better.
4	Goldman's is a prime example of a delicious deli that was hiding right in front of my face! Yes, I've passed by Goldman's hundreds of times and it's a small sin that it took me this long to step foot inside. But, now I have and I am happy to report that this is going to be added to my rotation immediately! First, I like that Goldman's has some serious pride in their love of Chicago. It's nice to see a deli with some passion and this deli is definitely passionate about their food and the Windy City. The menu has it all...burgers and grilled cheese to brisket and pastrami. Let's not also forget about matzah ball soup and other classic Jewish deli cuisine. I decided to try their famous hot pastrami sandwich. My bf has the brisket so I was able to try both! I think I liked the brisket better then the pastrami but the pastrami was also delicious. The food is definitely meat happy so come with an appetite or you'll be leaving half the sandwich on the plate like me. I don't think I would stay and eat here, but it's a very worth deli for on the go! PS -- they also serve breakfast starting at 8 AM!
4	Doesn't look like much from the outside, but I've had the pastrami sandwich  on a roll a few times and it always hits the spot. I can only eat half, so I save the rest for later.I'm pretty sure these people really know what they're doing, so probably anything you try here will be good.
5	Never a bad meal at Goldmans! The BEST matzo soup, I come whenever anybody I know is sick - like the saying goes, it's jewish penicillin! Stopped in there today for some to help ease a sore throat and I am feeling better already! :) they have a very extensive menu, all very tasty. They have wonderful baked goods, including delicious bagels and bialys! The restaurant is family owned and they always remember me, ask about my dog, who I brought on their patio 1 time 3 years ago, they really just make me feel good about patronizing a local business.
4	As other reviewers have stated......If you are a Jew from NYC, this is the only deli to go to. Beware of Chompies.....everyone will tell you to go there but it just isn't as good as goldman's.Goldman's has all the staples of a deli that you need. Try their noodle kugel.....sooo good it could be dessert. They also have excellent rye bread to have your sandwiches on. -1 star because the prices are outrageous and the potato knishes tasted dry to me.
4	Great sandwiches, quality meat.
5	AWESOME! AWESOME! AWESOME! Place!!! LOVE EATING HERE!!
3	It was an OK sandwich.  The quality of the meat was very good.  The bread sort of became non existent before I was done.  The cole slaw was decent.  My friend got excited about some hard to find items she saw in their deli case.  If you are local it would be a good choice for a sandwich but not a trip across town.
4	So, I'm always on the hunt for a good Deli, especially out here where they seem to be non existent.  I saw another reviewer talk about this place recently on yelp, and thought that I MUST go check it out.  I can't believe I've lived here for 7 years and never heard of this place. How is this possible?Anyways, Scott W and I came here and I really liked it.  I think its probably the best Deli that I've had since having moved here.  For starters, they have a really great full menu. TONS to choose from, and a small deli case with some side items in there to choose from.Some of the things that won me over about this deli are the following. For starters, they serve Beet Borscht.  This, my friends, is by far one of my absolute favorite Jewish dishes.  My grandpa and grandma would make this from scratch when I was growing up, and bring it over to the house when I was a kid. It was always a treat to eat, and I haven't found anything as good since.  There's a few deli's in Michigan that serve it, but nothing out here that I would recommend.  I didn't get a bowl of it here, but the fact that they serve cold beet borscht is going to make me come back and visit again.Secondly, they have real gefilte fish!  They serve it by the piece here, and it looked like it was supposed to look in the case...large with a carrot on top.  This, my friends, is the way to my heart.In regards to my food, I really enjoyed my brisket sandwich.  I got it on challah with a side of fries.  Really really good, and it came with au jus sauce. I was able to plow through half the sandwich, and brought the other half home for later.It was also a really a good sign to see other Jewish grandmas in there when we ate.  As someone who is not only Jewish, but has a high bar for Jewish food expectations, this place is awesome. I do plan on going back in the future for more, as I was really happy with my experience here.  Plenty of seating indoors and out, I really wish they had waitstaff instead of ordering from the counter.  This is a million times better then Chompies any day of the week, and I will gladly drive back here in a heartbeat to get more food.Solid place, worth the drive.  Go check it out if you want good Deli done the way its supposed to be.
1	What a disappointment today! I have been a customer of Goldman's since its'. inception. Prices have gone up and up but I have noticed that service has been dropping since SAM (one of the family) has left. I do not mind paying, but Mrs. Goldman seems more mercenary and less concerned about your satisfaction.Today I ordered a roast beef sandwich, side of cole slaw and a piece of kugel and a Dr Browns soda. There was no one in the restaurant and a full staff. After washing my hands, sitting down at a table, reading the news on my iPhone, watching a couple come n and order and get served, I realized that no one had an idea what the hell I was doing there or that I had ordered and paid. I asked, at first politely, and they all looked up with the stare I most hate signaling, " Huh? What? Where? They went thataway . I have not a thought in my head." Then they went into a mode scrambling to find the order. ( Tough because there were 3 people in the restaurant and I was the only one who did not get ANYTHING!) Then Mrs. Goldman joined in the "what."  group because up until then she was diddling with a fax machine in plain view and did not have time to help me ( only time to take my $17 plus dollars). NO apologies.NO let me take something off the meal! NO , "Hey let's snap to it and get this gentleman served!!!!!!!"  I demanded my money back. Mrs. Goldman gave me the $ less the cost of the Dr Browns she opened for me! What is my point, after all, every restaurant has a lousy evening.  True. BUT, it's HOw the situation was handled that tells you that  the owner could care less about you and the service that you get. BAD SIGN!!!!  It tells me that GOLDMAN's is going down and that is too bad. STAY AWAY unless. you like stopping free falls. IF  she does not care about what you see, then what does she not care about in the kitchen?
4	Great lean pastrami and cole slaw. Marble rye and challah were a little bland and dry. I always appreciate diet Dr. Brown's cream soda. Overall good lunch spot and handy location.
2	Quality of food is good overall, although nuking your food in the microwave is not unknown ("We don't have an oven hot enough to heat it in less than 30 minutes") on a kasha knish.  They nickel and dime (one dollar for a bagel and a buck 99 for a bagel with butter).  Look carefully on the menu if you want to know that it costs an extra buck for a pastrami/corned beef sandwich.  The owner won't tell you until after she's run your card.  I mean the printed menu.  The giant one in your face doesn't mention it.
4	Hello, my name is Josie and I'm a deli-holic.  I. Love. Goldman's. This review is an update, it's been about two years since I first discovered Goldman's Deli. I was hesitant to jump on the Goldman's bandwagon at first, thankfully, things have changed. I eat at Goldman's about once a week. There are three major things that make Goldman's wonderful: 1. They are family owned and operated, Mrs. Goldman is so sweet, she recognizes her regular patrons and knows them by name. The staff is always helpful and friendly. 2. The food is fantastic and fresh3. It is always impeccably clean Their soup is amazing, it's always so difficult to choose just one (I strongly suggest the matzo ball, or sweet and sour cabbage!) I know that people love their Borscht. Their sandwiches are to die for, I'm obsessed with their turkey pastrami, boyfriend loves their Ruben's. Their baked goods are delicious, take home a multi-pack of their Rugulach. I usually get the same thing when I go to Goldman's, half a  turkey pastrami sandwich on rye, with a cup of soup (even though I always want to get a bowl.) I always leave happy and full and so will you. The only reason I won't give Goldman's five stars is because their prices are quite high (not unusual for a deli restaurant) and the portions are not as large as most deli's, therefore, I don't think that the prices are reasonable. Also, they will nickel and dime you over small things (like charging for pickles) or charging for butter.  Also, they don't make their own pickles...even Chompie's (gross) makes their own pickles! But, I can forgive Goldman's for their high prices and pathetic pickles. I suggest this place to everyone that will listen. I feel like a deli pusher.  Delicious!
1	This deli is mediocre at best. The staff act like zombies. Should the restaurant have an influx of people at one time (not to be confused with busy) the servers become confused and frustrated.  I have witnessed this phenomena. It is rarely full with patrons and that should be a red flag. I asked that my food order start all over  as it was cold (the server actually told me she was busy and it sat in the kitchen!). They microwaved the potatoe pancake and it naturally transformed to rubber. The remaining order was returned as cold as it was the first time around. Bottom line...Avoid this place, it needs sprucing up and the food servers have personalities as if they were lobotomized. Bland, overcooked  food with food servers  being totally ignorant of customer service.
3	Got together with Robyn N. & Mike C. today to give this place a try.  I had a Reuben Sandwich with Potato Salad for the included side.  The food was delicious and the sandwich included a generous portion of lean, tender Corned Beef.  The down side for me was the dining area.This is a place where you order at the counter & then they bring the food to you.  That room had tables & chairs kind of right in the way, not to my liking at all.  Then over on the east side was an actual dining room, with booths as well as tables & chairs (good), but a really blah atmosphere, & light blaring in from the windows with no shades.As much as they are charging for the food here, the dining room should have been nicer & more comfortable.  I'm more of a fan of both Chompie's & Scott's.Good sized Reuben Sandwich plus choice of potato salad, cole slaw or fries:  $10.99
5	WOW, how have I never been here before now??This is one great place.  The food is devine and of the highest quality.  I have never had a beef sandwich be both juicy and tender at the same time.  I can't wait to go back.
1	Good Eggs Benedict, actually the best I have had in the Scottsdale area. Service on the other end, very poor. The orders at the time of service, March 10th around 1:30 pm were very slow and the employees were very rude. I would not say I am a regular but I try to make it out there twice a month, but I was treated very poorly. For example, we bought two drinks and we filled up with two sodas. While sitting at the table the cashier came up and said I charged you for a water and soda, "I need two dollars for you" (In a tone I am unable to duplicate). I understand business is business and every dollar counts, however I disagree with her approach to it. I gave her the two dollars and walked out leaving our meals untouched. Goldman's lost my patronage over the disrespect and dirty looks from their cashier.
2	Fun audio snippets overheard from other customers: "private equity," "When is YOUR next cruise?" and "What do you plan to do in Israel?"  So that gives an idea of the clientele. A nice place to relax.Okay, the food:  I'm on a mission to find the best pastrami-on-rye  in the Valley.  The pastrami meat here is the best I've tasted.  Clean, flavorful, not salty.  And they pile on just the right amount.  But -- ACK! -- here's the worst thing possible: The sandwich arrived with MAYONNAISE.  Really, I'm not kidding.  (I ordered the sandwich -- specifically -- with lettuce, tomato, onions and mustard.)  This is beyond "faux pas" for a Jewish deli, so I have go lower than the "A-OK" yelp defines for three stars and go with two.Otherwise: The pickle was excellent and fresh and did not taste like salt, just good.  The bread the fell apart, a bit too dry and not a lot of "rye" flavor.  The red onion slices were about 1/4" inch thick, at least twice as thick as I prefer.
4	This is a wonderful, family owned deli, who puts their hearts and souls into this place.   The food is delicious and the soups are out of this world. Everything is consistently good.  You know what you're going to get...does not vary like Chompies or Abe's of Scottsdale, which are totally inconsistent.,    This deli does not compare to any thing else in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area.  We moved here from the So Fl area four years ago and have been having breakfast/lunch or dinner here at least twice a week. You won't be disappointed, but so pleasantly pleased.
3	Not bad, but it took about 20 minutes to get a pastrami sandwich.
2	I'm from Brooklyn.I've dined at the famous New York City delis, such as 2nd Avenue Deli, Stage Deli, Carnegie, plus many in local neighborhoods and the New York and New Jersey suburbs. In addition, I've been to Nate 'N Al in Beverly HIlls, CA, and even Chompies in Phoenix.There is no way that Goldmans compares to the best of these, or even the worst.So on our first and last visit to Goldmans:My Turkey Pastrami sandwich was salty, the potato salad was bland, what little there was of it, and they couldn't manage more than a quarter pickle. What about the plate full of pickles other goodies that that you get at a real deli? My wife's chicken caesar salad had tough croutons, salty chicken, and Goldmans couldn't spare more than a couple of hard pieces of rye bread as a special request. Give me a break! This is not a real Jewish deli. It doesn't come close.Unless something has changed drastically since those other reviews were written, I question their perspective. Sure, people are entitled to their opinions, but this is absurd.
1	I got the club sandwich and my Mom got the chicken salad sandwich.  I felt like I was eating cardboard.  They had absolutely zero flavor to them the bread was terrible.  I would recommend either making your own sandwich or going to Subway because they would both taste better than this place.
5	the best food and deli
4	this place is awesome! so much food! a little pricey, but it's quality. food is fresh with normal sized servings. lots of drinks to choose from! you really feel comfy here. it's quiet and lots of family oriented people here. very nice sweet staff, i can't really find anything bad about the place. the menu is huge! i bet they could add alot more to it if they wanted to. place smells fresh. i had the Turkey Club for my first visit, with fries and a drink. 15 bucks! Better be Amazing! i took a picture of it and posted it. it's big, but normal for a club, and overpriced for 10.99 just for the sandwich.... it is scottsdale. and overpriced food is what you usually get in this area, so i'm not to surprised. fries were ok, your normal frozen fried product. Iced Tea is awesome! all in all, place is great and i would probably return to try another item. i like the feel here. i recommend to anyone to atleast try it and see if it's for you
3	First half of the $10 corned beef sandwich was good and the Rye Bread was solid as well throughout. The second half though contained a decent amount of fatty pieces which lowered the star value of the place. The other star goes because the fries were limp and undercooked for the most part. Did no tealize it was Chicago style and still don't know what that means really. I'm a NY style person, so I will return to my New York places now. Chicago makes hot dogs - New York is deli king.
5	I am going to make this short and sweet.  Everytime I come out of here I find myself saying "that was the best sandwich I have had in years, why don't we come here more often?"
4	There is a plethora of delis around here! My goodness me! It does the heart good to be in the center of so many choices when I have a yen for great food in the tradition of my upbringing in Chicago.  Goldmans fills me with delight because they try so hard to please. Everything is so delicious! You will love it no matter what you choose.
5	All I can say is that I have just had the absolute best Lima Bean Soup that I have ever, ever had.  YUM!
5	Great little neighborhood Jewish deli, the Jerusalem salad and tuna fish salad are two staples in my diet, they show on grub hub that they deliver but when I have called and inquired about the service I'm sad to report they do not, boy would I love me some Goldmans delivery!! (Not so subtle hint, hint!)
2	This rating is based soley on their soup and chopped liver. On my recent visit, my mom suggested we make a stop here on the way home to get some sweet and sour cabbage soup- and that we would get some chopped liver for my dad since he really liked it the last time. The sweet and sour soup was good but didn't have a lot of flavor. I actually prefer the soup I make myself. The chopped liver came with a choice of bread (we got the challah which was okay), and the liver itself was very tasty. I'd love to come back and try a sandwich, as the meat looked really good...so there is potential for a much higher rating after that happens!!
4	Probably the best Jewish Deli in the Phoenix area.
3	My minimum bar for breakfast places is the ability to turn out a competent Denver omelet, and I have been surprised in the past at the number that cannot. Almost every bagelry that serves egg dishes can't, and a surprising number of other eateries as well. Goldmans Deli is one such, but they have a reason for it -- they're kosher, at least, so I assume. But their Spanish omelet is so good, I'm willing to overlook the omission. (Just don't look for any pork products on the menu.)Friendly, attentive service and tasty (if a little oilier than I'd normally like, potatoes especially), this is a keeper.
3	So we rode our bikes to this area and it was the only place open that serves beer(friends request).  It wasn't horrible but I could've gone to the Albertson's next door and gotten a much better wrap.  My husbands mushroom omelette looked nasty.  A friends corned beef hash wasn't bad.  I wouldn't make a special trip there, but at the same time I wouldn't eat there again.  My rating would be summed up with one word: ...Meh...
5	Goldman's Deli is a true treasure in the heart of Scottsdale! Breakfast is served all day long, they make the best corned beef hash I've ever had! Prices are very reasonable and everyone is friendly and more than willing to make suggestions if you're having a hard time deciding on what you want. Truly one of the best jewish deli's I've ever been to, all of the things you're looking for to satisfy your cravings, amazing potato latkes, variety of knish, matzo ball soup, borscht and so much more, not to mention halvah!!! Every time I eat here, I leave remembering all of the amazing meals of my childhood that my grandmother would make for us! She put the same love and emotion into her food that Goldman's puts into theirs and it truly shows, it's the best you can ask for!!
5	Stumbled upon this place on my lunch break a few weeks ago. Awesome deli sandwiches! They pile on the meat and the flavor of everything is excellent. Service is quick and friendly. Prices are very reasonable for what you get. Will definitely continue to come here.
3	I've heard so much about this place, it was super-hyped up in my subconscious mind.  So when I finally went to check it out, it disappointed.  I had a Corned Beef Sandwich on Rye and some Fries.  The Corned Beef was just ok and the Rye was *meh*.  The Fries were nothing special either.  I was expecting to be blown away, but instead found just another deli.  I might come back and give it another shot, but I've got too many other places on my bucket list, so it could be a while.Return Factor - 50%
4	Ordered the Ruben.  Overall it was pretty good...not remarkable, but good.  Cole slaw was ok.  Given the general lack of delis I would come back.
3	The only thing ive ordered here is a ruben sandwich and it was okay, I guess they have better things than this so I will try something else next time.
5	In a word.  Yum.  So delicious. Pleasant service at the counter and a nice family run feeling inside.  I had the brisket sandwich with slaw and it was gone rapidly.  Tender, melt in your mouth brisket on a perfect kaiser rol was my choice and they provide a side of au jus for dipping if you choose.  The slaw was creamy and crunchy and done just right. You can't go wrong.  I may need to go back for breakfast tomorrow!
4	I met the owner briefly and she did a lot of research into developing what kind of Delicatessen she wanted to open. The service is casual, you order at the counter and the food get delivered to you. This place looks like a deli. Big Deli case and little not so fancy tables and plenty of tables outside facing the parking lot.This Delicatessen is Chicago Style with some traditional Jewish items. I've never been to Chicago but I met a friend from Chicago and she said this place serves food just like what she had in Chicago.I tried a Nova Lox and Cream Cheese on a toasted Bagel. The bagel was the first proper sized bagel I had in Arizona. It didn't have the East Coast Chew to it but hey this is Chicago Style in Arizona. The correct size was enjoyable to eat most bagels here are too big. The sandwich was good and everything in it was fresh.My husband had the Pastrami on rye. The Rye bread was a good kind of rye and not that boring wimpy tasting Arizona Rye. I did get to taste a piece of the pastrami and it was prepared very carefully and was very succulent and juicy but very mildly seasoned almost but not quite and seemed closer in taste to East Coast Corned Beef. Not my style of pastrami but it was good and very fresh. The potato salad was seasoned nicely.Service was friendly and helpful.3.5 stars
4	Thanksgiving was great!   Thank you so much for providing such a lovely Thanksgiving meal for those of us who weren't cooking.   The turkey was absolutely perfectly prepared, juicy and delicious.   Good gravy, and those green beans were over the top good.  We really enjoyed our meal.  It saved us from a forlorn holiday, far  from family and friends.  The food at Goldmans is not high end gourmet, but it's quite solid, always fresh and quality ingredients.    I don't know who their chef is, but he or she does a great job. The soups are very nice, and I highly recommend the daily specials.   Right  now my favorite is the Hungarian Goulash, although I do spice it up a little to suit my own taste for heat.   The meat is braised beautifully, tender and flavorful.  Served with fresh veggies and wide egg noodles, this dish qualifies for me as comfort food, as do all the specials I've tried.    Any kitchen that produces food made from whole fresh ingredients is good with me, and I have never detected a frozen veggie or noticed any of the cheap shortcuts many restaurants take these days. Goldman's is now my go-to place when I crave the comfort of a home cooked meal when I don't want to make one myself.   The service is always friendly and competent.  Kudos all around, I really like this place!
5	I have gone to Goldman's about four times now.. Our first was to pick up Thanksgiving dinner.  It was prepared well and was delicious.  We have been back a few times since and have always had a good experience.  The Restaurant is not a large place which is nice.  The place is very clean and the staff is always friendly.  Food has been good quality and they have a lot of variety.  The desert selection is extensive.  Try the bread pudding....The best!
1	Very conflicted about the review. Ordered a corn beef & Chopped liver sandwich. The problem the sandwich was lacking the meat & chopped liver. All you could taste was the bread. A real ripoff. A very poor representation / or disgrace to serve this.We also ordered the broiled chicken special and it was good.To many deli's that serve a descent sandwich for the same price.....
5	Still going a couple of times a week.  The food is still great and well prepared.  The tuna sandwich is delicious and they have a great selection of delicious soups.The staff is friendly and always efficient.  I highly recommend this place....
