5	Jared Davis, owner of Isthmus Tutoring,  is an excellent academic writing tutor. He helped me with my personal statement for law school applications and I believe it made the difference in where I was ultimately accepted. He took me from my initial verbal vomit on the deceptively difficult question of 'Why do you want to go to law school?' to a highly crafted piece that enhanced my academic and professional record and showcased me as a person. In addition to the basic grammar and moving around of a few sentences that you get with most admissions tutors, Jared helped me define my case for going to law school, articulate why I was a good candidate and covey this in a persuasive way. He did it in such a way that I knew it was making my personal statement better and helped me become a better writer.
5	Madison is lucky to have Isthmus Tutoring as a resource. I was very grateful for Jared Davis's input as a tutor in Chicago. He helped me with some of the most important essays I will compose in my medical career. Yes, I can write lots of Yelp reviews, but academic writing is definitely not one of my strengths. Jared brought a thoughtful perspective to editing my work and helped me to become a better writer, not just grammatically and stylistically. He also enabled me to express myself more succinctly and effectively. From my experience, it is clear that Jared is not only an extremely well-qualified tutor. He is also very patient, attentive and committed to helping his students perform at their absolute best. I enthusiastically recommend Jared without any reservations. If you want the best, you should definitely go to Isthmus Tutoring.
5	I worked with Isthmus Tutoring to study for my GRE, and I was provided with a wide array of useful study materials: practice tests, vocabulary and math tools and rules, along with some great online applications and iphone apps that were really great for my 1 hour daily commute! Jared takes the extra time to really evaluate the strengths and weaknesses of your learning style, and also understands the test material and strategy in depth. I'm confident it helped me achieve the great score I got!
