4	After initially not being a fan of Five Guys, i now get the craving. i started out not liking it because i used to be in the "Why pay more than a dollar like i can at McDonalds?" mindset. But i do enjoy the burgers and the nice selection of toppings you can add. i go with the Little Cheeseburger (lettuce, kechup, mustard, jalopenos, mushrooms, mayo) and it is big enough for me, especially since the amount of fries they serve is insane. Every time i go, i think they must have thought i placed an order for the Super Ginormous size fries, but i always get charged for just the regular size. i go with cajun style fries and am always satisfied and deal with the cajuny reflux it provides hours later without complaint.This is not the best store space for Five Guys as it is kind of cramped having the drink self-service station in the narrow hall to the bathroom. What can you do? It fits nicely in the Epicenter though.Fyi...They do have very limited (maybe 3 tables) outdoor seating just outside their front door.
3	I've never had a more genuinely enthusiastic greeting at a fast food joint than I did at this Five Guys.  The guy just laid on the sugar and it didn't even seem saccharine.My goodness!  I ordered a Little Cheeseburger "All the Way" with regular (not cajun) fries.  When I got my order, there was nothing little about anything I got. Basically a sack full of fries, under which was buried a generous quarter pound cheeseburger with lettuce, mayo, tomato, grilled onions and mushrooms, pickles, mustard... I think that was all?  Well the burger was delicious, very juicy and tasty, and the fries were savory too.  But they need to work on those buns - no I'm not referring to the physique of the employees but to the buns on the burgers.  The thing was falling apart when I took my first bite and by the end of the burger I was digging my thumbs into a gooey patty.  If your burger is this hard core, you want a formidable bun to match it.
3	I ordered the bacon cheese burger with regular fries and a drink which totaled $11.99.  The burger was juicy and very tasty.  The burger was almost worth the $6.39 I spent on it.  The fries were, well kind of meh.  For $2.39 for an order of fries they should double fry them.  The fries were crispy on the outside, but not light and fluffy on the inside like great fries should be.  No where near the best fries I have ever had.  I don't see what everyone else is raving about.  This is just another burger joint to me.  The burgers are good, the fries not so good, so overall average.  Would I go back, probably not.
3	Went here for lunch today with the co-workers and I do have to say it was A-OK.  I got the little cheeseburger with ketchup, mustard, lettuce,pickles and mayo and it was very good.  Next time I will say 'light on the condiments' cause the bun got a little goey.  Reasonably priced at $4.19 - not bad!  I go the regular-sized cajun fries ($2.59) and it is a ton of fries like the other reviews are saying HOWEVER.....maybe it was just the day I was there but my co-workers and I agreed the seasoning on the cajun fries tasted like something you pulled out of the back of your pantry and expired when the first Bush was sayin 'read my lips'.  It was gross.  Stale or something, just a weird flavor.  We couldnt eat them, the regular fries were MUCH better and I will always get them going forward.  If Penguin was within walking distance of uptown this place would be out of business in a week.  But lucky for them they are in uptown and A-OK!
4	Good big burgers with heaps of toppings to choose from. Huge servings of fries! Only get one fries between two, I promise you won't need more than that.Worth the money, I eat 5 Guys when I can.
2	1: Small hamburger - no cheese.1: Order of regular fries (way too large for 1 person)1: Small soda:Total including tax: $8.93.I used to love 5 Guys and had not been to one for a while.  This was my first time at this location.  The service was good and friendly so no issues there.  I got my food, and the burger was the only decent thing.  The fries were ridiculously salted, and mushy - not crispy at all like fresh cut fries should be.  The burger patty was okay - frsh, not frozen, but it does not constitute the price.  I would actualy rather eat Hardee's frozen Angus beef because it tastes better and is a LOT cheaper.  5 Guys need to get over themselves, offer smaller fries and value meals, and improve their burgers and fries.
3	Thank God this place is open until 3am on Friday and Saturday nights. After the NYE countdown everyone flooded this place for some food and unfortunately is showed. There was food, drinks and trash EVERYWHERE!! Not to mention the staff was slightly on edge... but I'll attribute that to the fact most of the patrons were drunk.I would say that the location is great... the hours are nice, but it's a pretty standard five guys. I don't care for their burgers, but adore the hot dogs... the fries hit the spot, but am I the only person that feel like they give you too many?
5	The reason they get such a high rating is because I ALWAYS get the same serivce and same quality of burger. There is never an instance I am not hapy with this place. PERFECTION, oh yes!
3	The food is good, but the menu is very basic.  The menu is not the same from one location to the next.  This Charlotte store did not have a breakfast menu. Neither does the one back home in Tempe, AZ.  But they do in DC.I wish there was an "In and Out" in Charlotte.  Similar concept
4	Sometimes a burger is exactly what I need...when I go flexitarian and need some comfort from a burger, I go here.Fast, delicious, and doesn't hurt the wallet. Made to order, fries come out hot and plentiful. Good location pre or post movie.I still think they need to add milkshakes and call themselves, "Five guys burgers & fries & MILKSHAKES."
3	This is my first experience with Five Guys Burgers. Coming from the Bay Area where I reside, I have a location that's about a 15 min drive. I would always drive by and never bothered to drop in. I just been hearing too many mixed reviews about this place back home. I just had to try it for myself.When I stepped in the restaurant, it was packed and busy. It was a pretty BUSY weekend. The line was moving at a decent rate. Basically the concept I got from this place is Build-It-Yourself Burger or Hot Dog. That was interesting to me. When I got to the counter to order, I decided to go with the cheeseburger with "The Works" toppings. This included a bountiful amount of toppings (Mayo, Grilled Onions, Lettuce, Tomato, Ketchup, etc.) I also added in some jalapenos. With the burger ordered, I ordered a side of Cajun fries.When I got my order, I knew it was not going to be a healthy meal. You can see grease soak through the paper bag. Since the restaurant was packed and no seats available, I took my order to go and brought it back to my hotel. Once I got to my hotel, I got straight to business. The burger tasted very good. Next time I got to lay off the multiple additions of condiments since it kinda killed the burger's true flavor. As for the Cajun fries, OMG they were pretty good. I think they would have been better if they were crispier.The experience of the burger was OK. I'll possibly try this place out again in the West Coast if I have the urge to build my burger. Better yet I'll throw a BBQ!
2	Good luck being a girl and not getting uncomfortably hit on by the staff.
5	if you want a plethora of well seasoned and fried fries and a huge freakin greasy burger come here now! i didnt know what i wanted to eat so i walked over to the epicenter. last time i had 5 guys (twss) was in dallas about a year ago and it was kinda unmemorable. this time it was a diff story all together and was more than memorable. as i carried by greasy brown bag walking down the street i saw pedestrians eyes glance towards down the grease stain in lust or curiosity. i killed the meal and will be back
4	I had the LITTLE BURGER with my own slew of toppings and I must say "IN-N-OUT, you've got some competition!!"I really liked the burger! I wasn't sure if it was because I was just really hungry but either way, I was IMPRESSED! There was a large bucket of peanuts at the door so you can have a nice munch on a light snack to get your appetite going! I really liked how the fries come in CAJUN style! It was really flavorful! YUMMY!The guy at the counter was really nice and helpful! He broke down the menu for me since it was my first time and was very friendly! Five Guys is not too bad...I can see why Obama likes them! :)
2	Highly priced!!!(none of the prices include anything other than the burger or dog)Bacon cheeseburger.... 6.89Cheeseburger ..... 5.99Bacon hotdog.... 4.49Bacon cheesedog.... 5.09Bottled water...... 2.09You have to order a "lil" to get a "JR" that is reasonably priced. But the burgers are almost child size.While waiting on my Burger I noticed the "grill master " smashing the burgers to make em paper thin... Smh. I consider myself a Grill Master. NOTE TO 5 guys.. SMASHING your burgers is NOT whats up!!!....New commercial should ask "Where's the juice" (as in juicy burger).... not where's the Beef.
2	For some reason the food wasn't as good here as I remember at other Five Guys.  Too much grease, not enough flavor.  The fries had way way too much salt.  Maybe it was old...
2	The food is ok, about the same as any other Five Guys. This location is one of the few dining spots open late night in Uptown, so enter at your own risk after standard dinner time! I've been here late at night and there was a cop inside standing watch - made me uneasy. And of course a majority of customers after a certain hour have been over served at a nearby bar. Could be good people watching or could be dangerously close to a drunken brawl. Like I said, dine at your own risk...
5	I can't say anything except I'm glad I tried this place.  Their hamburger was great.  I can't wait to go there next week.
3	Surprised I haven't reviewed it yet... solid burger, good for when you need some weight.Got the chzbrgr. It was solid and reminded me of In'N'Out a little bit.  This one has more pizzazz.  Sometimes less is more.  Didn't like the fact that by the end, I was using a fork bc the bun was falling apart--needs to be more sponge-y.The cajun fries are pretty good, but a bit on the salty side.  Service good, prices decent.  dmo out.
5	proof that a chain can be consistent... i've found it!  i was staying down the street on business, and stopped in one night for a quick burger.  the experience here was just like the ones at home.  super friendly people - they are quick to greet you the second you walk through the door.  burger was tasty.  c'mon, it's a fast food burger, so i'm not hailing it as the best thing ever.  but as far as paper-wrapped food goes, these are pretty darned good.
4	So, wasn't sure about Five Guys, but my work colleagues told me it was the best burger so we headed there today and arrived @ 12:30. The line wasn't too long and the guy at the counter was extremely friendly! I chose the single cheeseburger & fries where the others chose the double burgers. The peanuts, served on the side, were awesome! A nice little snack while you wait. The wait was not long and our numbers were called. So, my burger was cook perfectly, however, I wish the cheese was melted a little more & the bun was toasted. I did love the chopped onions and fresh lettuce. However, my favorite thing, the fries. OMG... They are cooked perfectly w/ a great amount of salt. They also have seasoning, vinegar, & barbecue sauce for those who like something more. Overall, service and wait time was great, burger was good, fries were awesome!
5	I'm from Chicago so I definitely am I big fan of this chain... Must say the service was awesome! The receipt said Erica K but there was a guy who rang me up. Two black gentlemen and a female were working at the time, all of which were very friendly, quick, and accurate with their service! Very pleased with my trip to this location! A++
4	Always a great burger. Not the cheapest....their "regular" burger (consisting of 2 patties), fries and a drink will cost you almost $15. Yup. No kidding. BUT it is a really REALLY good burger. I got their bacon cheeseburger and put my "free" ($15 "free") toppings on it and it hit my craving for a gut grenade. Very juicy and delicious.They missed this time on their fries though....which are normally really good. But they undercooked mine this time. I wonder HOW they screwed that up since the fryers are on timers? Hummmm?Hey all in all I love 5 Guys. Just wish it didn't cost so damn much.
