4	I was thrilled to see Omma replace the restaurant formerly in this space on Bernard, especially since I've been longing to have some Korean food in Mile End (this neighbourhood covers all sorts of different cuisines, but Korean wasn't really one of them until now). So far everything I've tried there has been delicious. Bibimbap served in a smoking hot stone bowl was fantastic, with just the right amount of crunch around the edges and a fresh, bright, chill ginger sauce that added a little zip without being excruciatingly hot. The salmon sashimi bowl my dinner companion tried was so good he practically licked the bowl. Try the Korean tea - the combination of lemon and honey makes it a nice delicate way to end a meal, or to kick off a brunch (we've had it both ways).Staff are lovely and friendly, and the new decor is bright but soothing. I'll definitely be going back - there are so many more things on the menu that I'd like to try. A definite must visit if you're in the neighbourhood.
4	I've been to a few Korean restaurants like Chez Bong, 5000 ans etc. But Omma I'd say tops them all in terms of quality of dishes and service. I  came here when they just opened only a month or so and ordered the tofu appetizer which really tasted like something my Korean mom (if i had one) would make. My main dish was kimchi jigae and it was rich and flavorful. It had a strong taste but it was a good kind of strong. Service was very friendly and professional. Decor and menu style was cute. Prices are decent for sure. My boyfriend had a fish dish and it was soft and incredibly tender. I would definitely try other dishes and come back.  Their dessert menu is in the works fyi.
4	The food at Omma was hands-down great.  However, the service was quite slow, which is nice if you are there for a super relaxed evening, not so great if you are trying to enjoy your meal with two young kids, as we were.  They did have a high chair, but it was pretty rickety.  But we particularly loved the vegetarian galette appetizer, the tea, and the kim chi.  The bimbibap was so-so, based on my limited Korean experience (i.e. the one downtown and 5000 ans in NDG).  Worth trying - when you have a babysitter!  Or else order for pick-up :).
3	went here a few weeks ago when a friend of mine mentioned it,I'm still looking for that one korean resto that has it all in mtl, sadly, the search continues...The place is cozy and low key, very mom and pop. The staff wears bright colorful aprons which is cute.We ordered cold glass noodles, pan cake and bibimbap which is rice with veggies and meat with a raw egg, mixed in a hot stone bowl which if hot enough should slightly char the bottom layer of your rice and give it a nice crispy texture. On this note Omma passed :)My one caveat about this place was that the side dishes are a la carte, kim chi is 2.50$, whereas everywhere else it just comes free.The glass noodles was good but portion wise it was small. The pancake was ok not as crispy as lee bong nim. The bibimbap was good except it was a bit small portion wise.All in all, small plates and pricy... :(Omma, means mommy in Korean, frankly if my mommy fed me like that i'd go home hungry :Pbit disapointing really.
4	Omma is a little 20-person restaurant that aims to simply recreate that cozy home environment which you might find yourself reminiscing about every now and then. When you're walking around looking for this place you'll quickly realize that the exterior makes it fairly unassuming. However, as I learned by just casually walking in, there is more to this place than meets the eye. I think "cute" would be a good adjective to describe the dining environment. Anyway, as you will eventually learn by flipping to the back of the menu where all the alcoholic beverages are located, "Omma" means "Mom" in Korean, a fitting noun for a place which boasts a baby blue decor scheme, waiters with flowery aprons, and to my pleasant surprise, really trippy, yet, childlike drawings that makes you wonder if they were made by a bohemian hobo on acid or just a kid that needs a psychiatrist. Suffice to say, I was sold.Anyway, we ordered the seafood pajun (pancake) as an appetizer (it serves two people) and a bulgogi duo (chicken and beef) as our main dishes. Man, it was sublime. The seafood pancake was crispy, lightly spiced with green onions, and dotted with bits of squid and shrimp. In retrospect, it's a great way to warm our taste buds up to the spicier fare that was headed our way. In between our dishes, we ordered some hot barley tea. Each sip tasted like a fresh meadow being tilled by happy Korean peasants. Yes, it was good tea. When the bulgogi arrived, we seasoned the meat with a little chili paste, added a little kimchi, mixed in a bit of rice, and wrapped each of the pieces with a giant lettuce leaf to make miniature "leafwiches" (I sense a great idea here). The hands-on approach is the best approach. I suggest you assemble a napkin army, get messy, and experiment with the side dishes. You won't regret it. Oh, don't forget to drink a bit of water if you're a pussy.In the end, the bill came to $65 (with tip) for two people. It's a bit pricey but far from being unaffordable if you're not a retard with your money. However, it was my good old dad that picked up the bill this time, because as it just so happens, I am one of those retards. CLIFF NOTES: If you've got a uncontrollable fetish for Korean fare you will like this place cause it will temporarily satisfy your secret dream of having a Korean mother fawn over you. Plus, the food is good too.
2	A little disappointing to be honest. I've been spoiled with Korean restaurants and this was a letdown. Service was ok except for the rude Quebec dude. Food was bland and didn't come with the wide variety of pickles you're used to when eating competently executed Korean. Bibimbap was fine, jap chae a bland downer of overlooked vermicelli and veggies. Maybe when it opened it was better; no sign of Omma in the kitchen tonight
2	I'm not sure if Ms Kim's approach to her cooking was appropriated to the neighbourhood, or it genuinely reflects her cooking style. I would never entertain the notion of "authenticity", because that's a word I stay away from. The idea that the tastes and flavours I was used to didn't really show up that night at Mom's table of home cooked meals was interesting. From the sizzle-less and ready-fried egg on top of the dolsot bibimbap to the pseudo-spicy chicken, I got the impression that the food was "self-conscious"; it was apprehensive in showing its true colours in fear of not being accepted in this neighbourhood as being the first of its kind and for being so different. Not to say that Omma or the dishes undermine the intelligence or culinary prowess by presenting itself as something that the diner wants it to be by toning down the flavours and providing a more limited menu. Is Ms. Kim refining her own personal approach to Korean food by generalizing her dishes to introduce the cuisine to a people who might not have ever tried it before and making it more appealing to the locals of the Mile-End?
4	I really, really like this place. The staff is friendly and helpful. The food is delicious, albeit not exactly like the Korean I'm used to from my time in LA: More refined, smaller portions and bigger bill. Not necessarily better, tho. Cold beer on tap. Outdoor seating.     Note: Portions are a bit skimpy. Don't go here hungry like the wolf and think you can just share an appetizer and a main with your sweetie. Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: With so many great places to choose from, why risk this one?3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I go here regularly if financially and/or calorically feasible.5 Star: I look forward to taking my wife or friends here.
5	Omma God, I love it here. I crave crave crave their bibimbap, a big portion of rice and veggies and beef and egg served in a hot stone bowl which crispifies the rice to the most perfect of textures.  In my universe, there is nothing better than hot crunchy rice. My boyfriend lived in Korea for a year so he enjoys trying the various Korean restaurants around town for a dose of nostalgia. He misses the food there and I'm not sure anywhere in montreal has nailed it for him, but he did enjoy this place as well.  We got a bottle of Soju to share, which if memory serves correctly was a $15 drop. In Korea they are $1.  Way over-priced, so I can only afford to go here every few months, but good quality food served by a truly lovely staff.
5	I lived in Korea for a while and really love Korean food. Omma kind of takes a modern twist on the traditional meals, but in all the best ways. I highly recommend the bibimbap, as well as the sam bap bulgogi. The bibimpab is a rice and vegatable mix in a steaming hot bowl. You mix it up as the bowl cooks everything. The sam bap bulgogi is similar to korean BBQ. You get little pieces of BBQ beef that you dip in sauce and wrap into mini lettuce sandwiches.  It's excellent! I also recommend you grab a bottle of soju to compliment the food. My only critique is that it's slightly expensive in general. A few dollars more per item than should be.
5	Intimate setting, good, informed,attentive wait staff, the food very good. I had the shitake broth with beef dumplings, very good and satisfying,followed by the spicy roasted salmon served on a bed of baby spinach with rice on the side. This was also very good without being overly spiced.  This is also the ONLY place in the city that has Korean sake,  imported directly from Korea.The prices are very reasonable especially  considering the locale.
5	Omma was a really cute, trendy type place.The motif is really hipster/sustainable.The food arrived promptly and was quite good. My experience with Korean food is extremely limited, but I do know what I liked and I liked Omma.The wait staff was super friendly and, though my water glass was small, it was never empty. When the kitchen and wait staff are so attentive to your dining experience, absolutely nothing else is needed.
4	Cute Coreean. Don't expect fancy ambiance or set-up, but this is a great spot for some good, Coreean comfort food. Try the bibimbap!!
4	Cute Coreean. Don't expect fancy ambiance or set-up, but this is a great spot for some good, Coreean comfort food. Try the bibimbap!!
4	OMMA provides a delicious and interesting dinning experience with kind and attentive service. We've stopped at Omma twice and will make a point of visiting on our next trips to Montreal again. Our favorite menu item is the spicy beef soup with mushrooms. The soup is a beautiful dish with deep subtle flavours that I crave even weeks later.Other menu items we've tried::Seaweed Salad:: This salad leaves a little to be desired, served with a soft variety of seaweed that was almost mushy and daikon, lettuce and carrot for texture. the flavour of the seaweed didn't really come through and so the $7 price tag for the rather small serving didn't feel justified. Salmon Sashimi Salad::This is a mustardy take on a salmon sashimi salad. It was delicious though may have been helped by having a little less dressing to allow the flavor of the fish to come through more. Overall a tasty dish I wouldn't hesitate to order again. The beef lettuce wraps::Served on a hot skillet with lettuce, kimchi and rice. The beef was deliciously flavoured and made for tasty wraps that we devoured and would definitely order again.The spicy beef and mushroom soup::This is a soup to write post cards about. Delicious, hearty, deep and flavorful do not leave this restaurant without indulging in this soup. It is a large bowl that would make a satisfying meal on its own or makes a great entree  to share after a few starters. OMMA is best when you can enjoy it's stunning patio as the interior is a little sparse and could use a little love and imagination.
3	A pretty relaxing ambience fills this small yet open space.  Full of mostly hipster patrons (and waiters actually), we got what we came for: a cosy laid-back space.The menu includes an array of what we think are the most popular Korean dishes (at least in this part of the world): chicken wings, Bulgogi, Bibimbap and Kimchi among others are all prepared with no MSG added.We certainly enjoyed our experience tonight, and will definitely revisit to arrive at a final decision.
3	JUST OK. Sometimes its hard to explain exactly why something works for you and why other things don't. The atmosphere was pleasant and decorated as expected. The staff was friendly and service attentive. The food came quickly but we never felt rushed. As I'm writing this I'm struggling to use descriptive words ... summing up the overall experience, rather non-descript. If you're in the Mile End area and looking for a change from Quebecois cuisine then this will work well but I wouldn't recommend making a tremendous effort.
5	My favoutite korean restaurant in Montreal, plus the most charming area in Montreal.Just enjoy the terrace during summer and try the spicy fresh salmon if you're fish addict.
4	A little on the pricier side, but the vibe and food really do make up for it!Their bibimbap and salmon are amazing!
5	I found Omma on Yelp and decided to take my mom and a couple of friends there for dinner. We are not familiar with Korean food, but were keen to try it. Omma did not disappoint us at all! The ambience is nice and relaxed, we would have prefered to get a table outside, but their terrace was full. The servers were all very helpful and friendly. The food was delicious - we ordered the Dol Sot Bibimbap in beef, which is their speciality - it was scrumptious! The kyoga Saewoo Bokum shrimps were also tasty as was the Chap Chae, to which we added chicken. The 3 dishes were enough for 4 of us, but the food was so good, perhaps we should have ordered another just to taste! I would highly recommend it for a good Korean food experience.
3	Honestly, I would have been a little more generous with the rating, but Omma is SO OVERPRICED! Every dish is about 1/4 more than it should be. On top of that, pickles are not included, which is usually a given in Korean restaurants. It's the kind of restaurant where you're paying more for the atmosphere and neighbourhood cachet than the food. Sadface.Ok, the food. I got a bibimbap (chicken), which was decent, but not mind-meltingly amazing, which I kind of expected from other reviews. The kochujang (chile sauce) that comes with it was nice, but not very spicy. The meat was decently flavoured, but the whole thing was surprisingly oily and otherwise kind of bland. For home style Korean food, I would have walked away happy if it was costing me $13 dollars, rather than $17. All-in-all, I don't think I'll be going back unless I'm with someone that desperately wants to go.
5	Prepare to put some DOLLAZZ for those amazing Korean homemade dishes. Worth the price for the quality of food they're serving.
4	This is a cozy, pretty restaurant with fresh, flavourful food, a sweet little cocktail list (which you might have to ask for) and not one but two leafy terrasses off rue Bernard. This is a sweet place for a date: not overly expensive, romantic lighting, and you'll eat at a mellow pace set by the friendly good looking staff. Everything I've tried here has been good. It might not be the most perfecto combo of authentic/inexpensive (I love Chingu down the street) but the chicken wings are crazy good, the bibimbap will always make me glow from the inside, and when i brought my whole family here everyone was happy and no one complained, about anything! A triumph.
3	The Korean food here tastes different from Korean food elsewhere.  It could be the fact that it's "homemade", but I preferred the flavours I've been used to.  We had the seafood pancake, which was good, but I enjoy mine with more chew and texture.  We also had the deep fried squid, which was good but nothing to call home about.  Finally we had to Kimchi Jigae where the soup tasted like tomato soup, the pork was very dry and the rice cakes were few and soggy.  The prices at Omma felt 20-30% higher than the average Korean restaurant, which meant the value-for-money was even lower.  I don't want to pass judgement on the food, but for the record, it wasn't quite right for me.
2	The portions are WAY too small and really pricey. Our grilled chicken under-seasoned and the service was really slow. Don't understand why it's for stars. Maybe because of the neighbourhood but not worth them for sure. Ganadara in guy concordia is better and cheaper.
