5	I have used this company many times over the last three year's. The owner personally does the work himself.I have older carpets and a dog, when he leaves my carpets look new and smell fresh. I recommend this company highly.He's not the lowest priciest,but the quality of work is top notch.
5	Wow.. What a great job !!... A very very good job... Highly recommend! They were able to get all my stains out.. and the carpet was dry and good to use asap...will use over many times
5	They did a great job . Excellent carpet smells like new carpet ! Alfredo is so nice - he cleaned my rug top and bottom ! Very quick  ! Great customer service .
5	Alfredo has been taking care of my office and home for over 2 years and my carpets still look brand new. Always accessible and on time.  A+ in my book.
5	I called around town and no one could give me final price. They advertise $99 any for room and then final price for house $300-500 . Mr champion was able give price out door w/ no surprise . I call on Friday and Sunday he was on time. After our walk through he got equipment ready and I left the house to pick up my kids while he work. It took about 3hrs for 1360sq house not bad. The carpet look brand new after 6 years living there.
5	Very professional, very friendly and a job very well done. This company goes above and beyond and is very reasonable in regards to price.
5	I had my carpets cleaned today.. I Absolutely could not be happier!!! Champion carpet cleaning did an amazing job!!! The best thing is what he quoted me is what he charged me.. Unlike other companies will come to your house with these coupon specials.. And end up wanting to charge you $400.. I gave him a good tip because I was mesmerized by what he did to my carpet :) He exceeded what I expected...On time and friendly.. I would definitely use them in the future and highly recommend to anyone who wants their carpets cleaned... Without breaking the bank ;)
5	I was in the area, and called Champion Carpet Cleaning and he did a fabulous job on detailing my car and especially the seats, my baby had dropped hot chocolate all over the back seat the day before. THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!!
5	My carpet is 3 years old, but we bought a builder's model, and the carpet they used was cheap. We also have two dogs who pee where they should not, and my husband never takes his shoes off...which means road grime everywhere and a perfect storm for horrible, gross looking carpet. I found champion carpet cleaning on facebook, when they posted on my master housing community facebook group. I texted the owner, Alfredo about pricing, and set everything up. He was extremely polite and professional, and he did an excellent job on my carpet! It looks new again, maybe even better than when we moved in. It was very reasonable and he did our entire 2000 sq foot home including stairs in under 3 hours. I would suggest him to anyone, and will definitely use him again.
