5	This new place is on 51 and they have 51 flavors of wings! Hence the name. lol. I had the breaded chicken bowl, which was awesome. The ranch/old bay wings were even more awesome! Unique little place! Go!
4	OMG, the best tasting hot Italian hoagie I've ever had. My hubs and I can't get enough. I do wish they were bigger (it's an 8 inch bun, I think.) The wings are great too. I've only had 3 of the 51 offered flavors, but the sauces are exceptional and the wings are meaty. A great addition to our food delivery rotation.
4	51 Wings does have 51 flavors.  Want to try Taco or Old Bay or Garlic or......stop by and order a few.  Darren W is correct, good messy wings!
5	Figured we would give them a shot oneday, and now I order at least twice a month----tried several different flavors of the 51 so far....Hot Cheese balls, they are a must with every order of wingsAnd if your a fan of funnel cakes-----try the funnel cake straws....Soooooo Good
1	Lord of the Wings?......not!!Bought 102 wings for birthday party. They were 1. Very small2. Very overcooked to the point of crunchy.3. Very expensive !! Could have bought whole pieces of chicken at the Eagle for about the same price.
1	We got delivery for 13 mild wings, 13 garlic butter parm, and 6 of the jalepano gold.  The food was hot but not worth the price (30 after tip).  The wings were over cooked and dry.  The garlic butter parm was mostly just butter, the mild wings were barely covered in sauce.  The jalepano gold had good flavor but were still over cooked, but not nearly as bad as the other wings.  For being called 51 wings, one would think their wings would be good!  And I'm not even that picky when it comes to food, especially being 7 months pregnant, I'll devour anything.  However, this place was a huge let down and I would not recommend this place to anyone.
5	Best wings around, seriously! 51 Wings has awesome service, great, fresh food! I suggest the breaded chicken bowl with marinara & ranch! Or garlic butter parm wings! & Yes, you'll wait about 25 minutes for wings...cause they only fry the once you order them so they don't sit around all day like other wing/pizza places! The crispness of the wings is perfect! Much better than having soggy wings. Love 51 Wings & Things and their staff!
5	The best fish sandwich I have found so far in the Burgh!  They are huge & cheap. Also have homemade perogies for lent. Order early because they sell out almost every Friday!
5	Best wings around, hands down! Try the marinara ranch! It's worth it! Employees are fantastic, good quality is great, & they are offering 1lb hand breaded fish sandwhichsc & homemade periogies during lent!
5	These guys have great food. They've always been friendly and punctual with the food, and the food has always come hot and delicious.  Great little place for wings and appetizers!
3	Delivery was timely. Wings were cooked nice and crispy, however they were very skimpy on the sauce.
4	Our first experience was not enjoyable, but we decided to give it another try.  It was much better this time around!  The first time must have been an off night for them because this time the wings were cooked perfectly and the sauces on our wings were delicious.  I am a big fan of the jalepano gold wings.  I also got the chicken gyro which was huge and tasted wonderful.  We tried the old bay ranch, which were good but not to our taste (just our personal taste, we don't eat many things with old bay seasoning so if you love that, you will probably love these, we just wanted to try something different).  We also got the buffalo chicken wontons and the jalepano poppers which were good, but nothing that knocked my socks off.  Over all, I had a much better experience this time and I will definitely go back again.
2	The wings I had were way overcooked. I had the garlic parmesan sauce which was basically a pool of butter. The meat itself was dry and crispy and hard to eat. I ordered six but could only eat three before giving up. The Chicken salad wasn't too bad but nothing special.  I don't normally give up on a place too easy, especially a small local business. I just hope to try other food they offer to make up for the first visit.
1	That this place was going to be good from the one person I know that has been there.  It wasn't. $4.99 for 6 small split wings is stupid. The sauce wasn't any better. $7.99 for an Italian hogie, rip off. Will not be going back here.  Suggest you don't either
5	Fantastically awesome. Best sauce I've had in a long time. Try peppercorn ranch, so good. Steak hoagie is filling. Bowls are good. Such good food please try it!!
2	Ordered  the 51 wings they offer for 34.99 wings weren't bad but weren't great either. They serve decent sized wings but some were overcooked and extremely hard so hard that we couldn't even eat most of the wing. Buts not the worst part, ordering 51 wings you would think you'd get some variety of sauces. No, you get 2, for 51 wings 2 sauces. Oh and you get a small cup of ranch, 1 small cup. Extra is 50 cents per cup. I was also charged a dollar for paying with my debit card. Just and FYI for those not paying cash. I wasn't told and only asked due to my total being way over the standard 7% tax. Overall I'd say not a horrible product just overpriced. Don't think I'll be ordering again.
5	My husband and I love good wings! This place is definitely one of my faves. Right down the street from us in Brentwood, so we can eat in or get delivery.  Not overpriced, and wings are ALWAYS crispy even with sauce.  I bought a full dinner for myself tonight (gyro, wings, nachos -- hey im 9 months Preggo it happens) and it was $15.  Can't beat it! I am obsessed with the honey sriracha wings... Anyone who gives a bad review isn't eating where I am!
5	AMAZING.. Wonton of month was stuffed with turkey and mash potatoes, with side of gravy, ooohh baby!!  And the wings, Extra hott bbq were like you ordered them fresh from your favorite bar and had a  super good kick to them....  Lets just say after this meal, the WONTONS weren't the only thing  STUFFED!!!
2	I really wanted a buffalo chicken salad and decided to get delivery from here.  I was excited that you could get your chicken tossed in any sauce so I just got hot and said wanted ranch dressing and nachos.  The salad was bigger than I was expecting.  I was disappointed in the tossed chicken.  It looked like they just poured hot sauce on top of my salad because I it was everywhere on top.  Then as I was mixing it up the bottom was all watery.  I was checking my receipt and noticed I was charged 50 cents for dressing.  Who orders a salad and it not come with dressing?
3	We love good wings! These... were not so good. They were okay, but the were a little overly fried and the sauces were unexpected, in a bad way. I wouldn't rule it out for a future visit, but I certainly wouldn't go out of my way. The pricing was good, and it seemed exciting that they had all of these different sauces.
