5	This hotel is in a good location near the interstate and giant shopping center. There are plenty of dining and entertainment options nearby. There are also several other hotels on this block, but this is the nicest.All the staff here were extra helpful; all of them. They were sensitive to my requests for local directions and looking up events. They made a point to greet me often during my stay. They had a good attitude and made me feel like a valued guest.  Rooms were exceptionally clean and spacious. My room had a refrigerator/microwave, as well as new HD TV.
5	Great hotel. Wonderful staff and a Fitness Center better than any I have seen at any HGI across the country. Food is good and rooms are very modern and nice with new flat screen TVs. Hotel is very new also. When In Charlotte stay here. Also near Concord Mills with great shopping and restaurants. Reasonably priced also.
5	It was late when I arrived, 11pm, and the desk staff was super friendly whic was nice as I had been traveling all day. The room was super clean and let me tell you about the fancy bed which lets you set your firmness preference! It is near the interstate, a buch of resturants and a mall which was really nice.You wan to stay here!
4	What's not to like?Clean, new-ish hotel close to any chain restaurant or store you could ever want to go to.  Or if you're more adventurous, you're close to the highway and a short drive away from all that awaits you in Charlotte.Stayed for 3 nights while in town for business.  Found my room to be clean and comfortable.  Plus, there was free wi-fi.  Really liked the fitness center.  I travel pretty often, and it's rare to find a hotel gym without broken equipment.Had a couple drinks at the hotel bar.  The bartender was very friendly, but not in a creepy way.  Made my stay more enjoyable.
1	My Delta flight had to be re routed recently to better guarantee tjat I could make a meeting. The manager of this hotel would not cancel my reservation without charging me the full rate even though I was booking at another Hilton property in another town a couple of hours away. I booked the hotel the same day I intended to stay. On one hand "get" it but I don't like it and so this property's short term decision cost it the ability to get any future business from me as I travel to this town often and will surel not stay at this property given this experience. There are too many other options to try.
5	My family and I stayed here for a family reunion. The Garden Inn was a great decision. They're customer service was excellent! The people at the front desk always greeted us when we walked by and conversed with us. Anytime we had a question or needed anything, they were on top of it. My mom requested more towels and they were brought up in a matter of seconds. This type of service is not too typical in some of the hotels I've stayed at in the past in Vegas. At the restaurant they were very friendly, too. I love talking so I was glad that they would converse with my family and me. The hotel was very clean and tidy. Counters were always spotless, tables and chairs in order. The rooms are kept tidy as well. The beds were firm, but there is a gauge on the side of the mattress that allows you to change the pressure. Downstairs, there is a restaurant and they're open for breakfast until late in the evening. I ate vegetarian minestrone soup and a garden salad. They soup was so good and the salad was very fresh! They also have complimentary cookies that taste very good! The edges were crunchy and the middle was soft, just how I like my cookies. I probably ate like 5 cookies each day. Flavored water was offered as well and they changed the flavor often. There were fresh fruits in the water and it was so refreshing after being outside in the hot, muggy weather. The hotel is in a perfect location. There are different stores and restaurants nearby. Concord Mills Mall, Walmart and the Motor Speedway were less than 10 minutes away. The weekend we were there was tax free weekend due to back-to-school. Anything that had to do with school: clothes, electronics and supplies were tax free. Pretty cool. Overall, we were very pleased with our stay and the services provided.
5	super good,,,
5	Great Food, Great Service, Comfortable Beds and most if all an awesome fitness center!!!!! Highly Suggest. I come to concord very often and this place never let's me down.
5	My family and I had a house fire. We stayed here for several weeks while the repairs were being made on our home. Even though we had to spend Christmas in a hotel, the staff went out of their way to make us feel at home. Comfy beds, great work out facility, good food and hospitality. If you are rolling through Concord and need a hotel. You found your spot!
5	Almost brand new. Convenient location. One of the best Hilton garden inns I've stayed at.
4	Being trapped in a snow storm while traveling though Charlotte lead my family here. This hotel seemed to be very new and was surrounded by many other hotels, restaurants, and the Concord Mills mall. Upon entering the parking lot, the snow was not shoveled and the lot was not treated--but this may have been the first time Charlotte has seen snow. When we arrived at the front desk we were greeted by a very nice concierge who was a gentlemen. He quickly got us a room and explained to us the amenities of the hotel while checking us in. He explained the hotel's kitchen would be open to 10pm and that it was the only resturant currently open in the area due to the storm. They also have a small grocery area were you can purchase drinks, alcohol, or snacks. The restaurant area also had a bar. I didn't try the food but it seemed that everyone was either happy to be eating or they were enjoying the dining/bar area.The room was very nice and clean. The two things I did notice was our curtains in the room were tore and the bed was not to comfortable. While walking through the hotel every staff member was friendly and greeted my family and me. Also the next morning the hotel had a gentlemen outside assisting guest with shoveling snow around their car.The only reason I am giving this hotel a four is because my bed wasn't comfortable. There was suppose to be a tool on the bed that made the bed soft but when I turned the nob to soft it seems as if it did not make a difference. I felt my room was clean and the staff was friendly. And I would recommend this hotel to others!
