5	After seeing Kristin's review of Xavier, I felt compelled to scrawl a little something about my alma mater, as well. First off, I should disclose that Brophy has changed significantly since I was there: the huge arts building, the new library, a new gym, and quite a few other additions have made it such that I barely recognize it anymore. Thankfully, the crux of the positives are the same. The teachers are overwhelmingly good, with a few exceptions, and the experience is as positive as one can have in a high school environment. The all-dude "fratmosphere" can be a little off-putting, but it is surprisely beneficial in a four year timeline. By senior year, the comfort of single-ed classrooms far surpassed the need to ogle ladies and allowed for many fewer inhibitions and insecurities as in a typical co-ed setup. By the time I arrived at college, I felt more prepared than the vast majority of my classmates and even more mature, in certain ways. I am a far cry from a die hard Catholic, but the Jesuit style encourages and facilitates renaissance learning, which should be the goal of any educational system, as I see it. Every high school has its downfalls. I'm convinced that it is an awkward time for everyone, but I guess my parting thought was that this environment actually spurred growth from the difficult nature of the common experience, which can't be said for many institutions of this kind.
5	I LOVED BROPHY!  I was in Class of 2009The good:I got the best education you can get in this city, the school has great teachers that are reasonable, and understanding and actually become your friends. If you are struggling there are many people you can go to for help. I would HIGHLY recommend taking honors classes; the coursework is the same as the non hrns courses without being AP level and you get better teachers. The coursework was very light compared to my grade school, teachers are understanding and will work with you if you need help, they understand that you have football/robotics/job and will work with you so you can achieve a good grade. Freshmen year is made hardest for a reason, the drop rate is high to get rid of lazy misguided students, I have never seen anyone leave because of excessive course load. There's many many clubs on campus, I would recommend the robotics club for anyone's that's looking to go into engineering , I was president synr yr, we had 30 members had over 20K of sponsorship money, engineering mentors and we traveled out of state to Las Vegas for competition, no cost paid by club members. Students range from the typical rich parented white east-sider driving a new BMW bought and insured by mommy-daddy to the poorest poor smart-driven Mexican American living in the south west valley taking the bus to school! I loved the eclectic mix of people! The buildings are mostly new and extremely well designed, and the old ones are nostalgic and cool. Their rooms are up to date, technology filled and awesome! Being in an all boys school THERE'S NO DRAMA which is really nice! You get to focus on hanging out with your friends, SCHOOL and having a really good time!  The all girls' school Xavier is only a block away, it's not hard to hang with girls at all!Parking for students is good, you need to carpool one other person and pay ~$25 for a permit. The atmosphere is really relaxed (chill), teachers are not strict, and some will even let you chill on their own classroom couches during class (paying attention of course).I was the last class year without the "laptops" so I can't vouch for what it's like to have one, but every student now has a swivel touchscreen laptop which they take notes on, have textbooks on and do their homework with. You can goof around on the laptop during class or take notes; the final decision is up to you and the grade you wish to revive. The bad:The management has replaced the school run "corral" with the HORRID Michaels catering service in the "new" great hall, which serves much, much more expensive, less tasteful and less filling meals. The cost is excessive, around 11k a yr! But there's plenty of financial aid for the family with limited income, single parents and many other reasons.  If your parents can't make tuition payments, the schools has a work study program so you can WORK for your education, it's not that hard to do. Brophy will not turn down a determined student if their parents cannot pay for it!
5	The wedding I went to here was in the Brophy Chapel, which although it's called a chapel was really quite a large and beautiful mission-style church.  I really love the traditional touches and the sound system was really nice.  They had a guitarist and two singers which sounded full and lovely over the speakers.  It's a great dramatic backdrop for pictures.I was really surprised at how young the priest was who celebrated Mass.  He gave a fiery passionate homily on love and marriage as a reflection of our deep desire to know and love God.
