4	This is my go-to spot for Chinese food in Oakland. They have an extensive menu as does the other local Chinese restaurants, but the kicker is that Tong's uses the meat that you order; that is, if you order chicken, then you get chicken (not cat, dog, or pigeon).In all seriousness, in a highly competitive market where students are demanding quick preparation times, Tong's does an excellent job of balancing quality and preparation time.
3	Lower price, reasonable portion, ok taste. Not very outstanding. Order cashew chicken with egg roll for lunch . The portion is ok. The chicken is a bit watery, and egg roll is dry. Ok to try once a while just to settle one of your meal, but not recommended for those who look for good Chinese restaurant .
4	I see these other reviews on the restaurant are not great. But honestly speaking, this is a great place if you know what to order. The pictures posted are like lunch specials made for Americans...if you order something on the extensive menu, you'll get something Chinese. I recommend Braised ribs(with Chinese cabbage), spicy beef (not sure if they call it spicy beef on the menu, zi ran niu rou), garlic with vegetables (ask them what fresh vegetables they have today).
4	Ever since my first Szechuan experience as a freshman at Pitt, I've been on a seemingly infinite mission to find-and-dine every Chinese restaurant in Pittsburgh. I've been through a solid amount in five years, and the bi-weekly Chinese Food Power Rankings certainly fluctuate, one place always stands out in those inevitable hungover-hungry-quickbite-fulldinner-preparty-postparty-craving moments: Tong's Cuisine.I originally wrote out a list of reasons why I go here longer than their lunch specials, but deleted it in favor of a shorter summary:It's affordable. It's quality. It's convenient.Try the crab rangoon, try the braised ribs, try the spicy beef, or try the General Tso's. They're all pretty rad and blow away the competition, especially when it comes to filling that you-will-be-hungry-soon-order-takeout-now Chinese food void.
4	The food is good. Typically very fresh. I eat here a lot so I have had a few missteps here and there but I would recommend it to others. They have a very affordable lunch special.I only wish they offered brown rice and that they had vegetables with their amazing chicken dish
2	I recently went here for their lunch special which includes your choice of white or fried rice and an egg roll or satay stick. I got their General Tsao's chicken and was very disappointed. The side of fried rice I got did not contain any vegetables and only had one piece of chicken in it. On top of that, the fried rice was over seasoned with soy sauce. They also over-sauced the General Tsao's chicken and I had to pour out the sauce so the chicken would not be saturated with it. I prefer Taiwan Cafe to this place which unfortunately is closed for the time being.
2	Pretty Mediocre. I wouldn't pick this as my first place in Oakland to grab Chinese food.
