3	Here's the deal.  You park in the garage under the hotel, which costs $7.  You drag and carry your luggage up to the lobby, only to find that check-in isn't until laaaaaaater.  So you drag your luggage back down.  We did get a sweet deal, though.  The guy behind the front desk gave us a map of the area as well, which we used the whole time we were there.  The beds?  Average.  The shower?  VERY comfortable.  The shampoos & lotions?  Below Average.  Left my hair greasy.  The wireless internet took forever to connect to, and then was spotty.  It wasn't worth it to stay on for longer than ten minutes.  You'd spend that much time trying to re-connect.  The sheets?  Average.  I'd say this place was pretty average.  It had a great location, though, walking distance from everything.  The spa?  A little confusing.  I went with a bachelorette party - seven of us.  They staffed extra for us that day because we had made reservations about two months in advance.  The pedicure was veeery sub-par.  Good thing I went with the manicure option.  They don't do tips, just paint changes.  Their hot tubs are nice, but be careful because the floor gets REALLY slippery.  I fell twice just walking around.  The massage was of the gods and I wish I had done the 90 minute instead of 60.  Acutally if they had a 240 minute I could have done that.  It was awesome.  Pricing wasn't toooo bad, all their packages are listed on their website.  It was a nice, private place with no windows so it was really dark and decorated nicely.  A great escape from the pre-wedding stress of being a bridesmaid!
3	We booked our hotel on hotwire and ended up with Nouvel Hotel. The location is very good. It's just about two blocks from Rue Saint Catherine which is great beacause you're close to all the action without having to walk far but far enough away not to be disturbed by the noise of a busy street. It is also just about two blocks from the Alpenhaus restaurant which features delicious Swiss food and traditional fondue. We arrived at the hotel late in the evening then walked over to Alpenhaus for dinner. It's also about 2 blocks from the Guy Concordia Metro stop so it's very easy to get around. You can also easily walk from the hotel to the Musee des Beaux Arts, McGill and the Centre Eaton shopping mall. We had no problems parking for the duration of our stay in the below ground parking garage and had in and out privileges for about $10 a day. The lobby is stylish and clean. Our room was a bit small but it was clean and quiet. Even though while we were in the hallway we could hear some rowdy college girls in the room next to us, once we were inside our room it was nice and quiet. Our main gripe with the hotel was the lack of wireless in the hotel room. We even tried using an antenna that the front desk provided but still could not get wireless in our room. This proved rather inconvenient as we had to go down to the lobby and use the business center computers to access the internet. This was especially inconvenient for simple things that could be done so easily with in-room wireless, like checking the phone number for a restaurant or accessing a menu on line. So, despite the overall niceness of the hotel itself, I am deducting what could have been four stars for the sadness of the wireless internet situation.
3	good location, convenient to the 747 bus from the airport and walking distance to many shops, restaurants, nice neighborhoods, etc.they also have a pool.the only downsides were that the air conditioning is loud and the tvs are pretty dated.we paid about $130 canadian a night in late june.
2	Sniff!  Cigarette smoke!Thrill!  Gasp!  Electric fire!Nouvel?  No!  Old-vel!
2	I think their rates run for around $70-80 a night. If you find a better deal, this hotel might be worth a look. If you're visiting Montreal for entertainment, I don't recommend it. It's on Rene-Levesque, which means it's far away from everything (except for the Bell centre) and there's no metro line. I costs about $20 to cab from St. Denis or St. Laurent, where all the entertainment and good restaurants are. McGill, St. Catherine, and Crescent St.  are walking distance though (15-20min). The bed sheets were old and stained and there was a damp odor in our room. The beds are awful, so be warned those with back problems.  The restaurant and bar in the hotel isn't that good either. There is a breakfast buffet that is poor quality and over priced. They charge $15 a night for parking. They don't charge you for WiFi, which is good. If you're in Montreal for business or watching a Habs game, you should consider this Hotel, as it's in close proximity to business district and Bell Centre, otherwise I wouldn't try to impress anyone with it.
2	I almost want to put a one star... These are things that doesn't live up to a hotel that cost $94 per night. ( or $125 per night corporate rate with a breakfast)Breakfast:The breakfast buffet is almost $30 more ($12.5 at the door), varieties are very limited and same for everyday. 3 basic cereals , toasts, sausage, bacon, yogurt, home fries,... But they all taste awful.Juices are out of a can, got dumped In one of those machine, just not worth it. Muffin, pastry look like they are store bought. You would have a much enjoyable breakfast from the chain coffee jointsRoom:Bathroom is tight, can barely close the door, my counter top got stain from previous guest, looks like some lotion, towels are rough and doesn't look too cleanBed / mattress - alright, but pillows are too soft!Overall feeling - old and not too cleanCarpets look old and dirty Elevator - very old , my coworkers said it stopped at the wrong floor once on the day they checked inFacilities:I went to the gym every night, good thing about it is 24 hours (where most hotel gyms are closed at 10pm). They have 1 elliptical, two threadmill, two bicycles, some free weights and two tvs....it's alright as a hotel gym, but again, the carpet is very dirty, so it's hard to get down on the floor and work your abs...So the overall two stars is really just for their service
3	Good location - has on site parking - but no restaurant or bar on site lost some points for me... also the rooms need updating (including TV's, polyester bedspreads and the thin tiny towels need to go)Good price, large rooms and easy walking to lots of stores and restaurants...but tired and needs some love.
1	Very old and smelly rooms!For the same price we got a FANTASTIC new room at the brand new Marriot Airport Hotel - only 20 min away - 24h shuttle service every 10-30 min (only paid $16 for a 3-day-pass!!) If we would have known before we would have stayed in the Marriot and rather had a few min longer of a drive every day to the city.
1	Do NOT book this hotel. They make it up like it's luxury but don't be fooled. Almost no amenities, and so out-dated. Either you demand an upgrade to the "presidential suite" or leave because the presidential suites are the only ones that are equivalent to a standard Holiday Inn room.
3	Le Nouvel is a boutique hotel located in the southern portion of downtown Montreal. It's about a 15 minute drive from the Trudeau Airport, conveniently located within blocks of 2 metro stations (Orange and Green) and is smack dab on a major street so is fairly safe. It's also within a 30 minute walk of just about everything in downtown Montreal from the Places des Arts, Complex Desjardins, Bell Centre, Underground City, souvenir shops, Notre Dame Basilica and Chinatown. The staff is very helpful and friendly. The hotel was clean, with the exception of an odd smell in the hallway of our room. Other than that, I didn't have any complaints.
3	A decent stay for the money. I paid a total of $100.00 with tax and parking. Room was clean and ok, but very dated-80's. My bed was very comfortable, room was quiet despite facing the street with the double windows. I was able to get firm pillows, but forget the breakfast in their restaurant, its below average and not worth the $15.00. Bathroom was adequate, soaps average, towels thin. Again for the money it was adequate for me. Other available Hotels in the city were over $150.00 that night and the parking was easy to get in and out of. Free WIFI, friendly staff. It is located FAR west of the city, so depending on where you want to be, consider the location first.
5	We got an early check at 2:00 pm very easily, and a late check check out at 1:30 the next day (no charge) it was $94 and we got a large room with two comfortable queens. Nice dark room (in morning), quiet, convenient location quick walk to many places, one block to the subway. Excellent value. (Yes they should upgrade to flat screen tv's, but many channels in French so it didn't matter much)
3	Decent price, good clean hotel with courteous and fast front desk service.  Great location just down the street from St Catherine St Shopping district and close to Hwy 720.  Breakfast buffet at restaurant left quite a bit to be desired.  Most of the stuff that was supposed to be hot was warmish or cold, but we did get there rather late in the morning. Good free wi-fi service. Parking was $15 per night.
2	Definitely needs a major renovation update....! Popcorn ceilings, damp smell upon arrival in room, bedsheet covers are what you will see at great great grandma's house, you get the vibe this place does not feel clean at all, towels are thin & off-white color, parking cost $15 with in & out privileges. The only good things are FREE wi-fi and Lucie at front desk was friendly & informative.
4	Great Location.  Informed and multilingual front desk staff. Cost per room is reasonable. Wi-Fi is free and fast.  Hotel is safe and clean. Very close Metro stations. One block from down town.  Bell Centre is very close, walking distance.  Close to China Town and Old Montreal. If you book a tour with Grayline travel you can be picked up at the hotel or you can walk to the tourist center just a few blocks away. Restaurants, Starbucks, and the shopping district are all very close.  The hotel restaurant is just OK,  The hotel rooms are comfy but not super Lux. I have not yet had the opportunity to visit the spa, hair salon, the indoor pool or the onsite gym.In the past, I have stayed in a couple of the super lux establishments on the same street.  I much prefer Le Nouvel for cost and location alone.
2	Arrived to check in to rude staff.  The room was clean looking but a throw-back to the 80's.  I washed my coffee cup prior to using it and I'm GLAD!  I marked the bottom of my cup to see if it would be changed.  Nope, it was the same cup, so don't trust the hygiene of this place.  They advertise internet, however it's slower than dial up!  We've literally had faster service in developing countries!
1	Awful experience. Will never stay at this hotel again.My friends and I booked this hotel through Hotwire for a weekend stay at the end of May. After the first night, my Macbook Pro and cell phone were stolen from my hotel room despite locking the door (I double checked before leaving) and leaving the 'do not disturb' sign out. The hotel did absolutely nothing to help. Mario, the front desk employee repeatedly said that 'nothing has ever happened like this before', as if that would make anyone in this situation feel any better. I was so upset that I left Montreal that night while my friends remained. Before I left though, Mario promised us a full refund of our stay, although we had to contact Hotwire first. I did so a couple days afterwards and was informed by Hotwire that the hotel did not approve the refund. I called the hotel again during which the hotel supervisor, Freddy, informed me that they couldn't do anything for me because my friends had stayed the night of the incident. I was incredibly frustrated to the point of tears, yet nothing was done to even alleviate the situation.   Security is terrible and service was even worse. I would NOT recommend staying in this hotel to anyone.
1	Whoever wrote the positive reviews are friends or family of the owner. This is the worst hotel! I booked on Orbitz (DON'T USE ORBITZ-THEY ARE HORRIBLE TOO-THEY CONDONED THIS LYING BUSINESS' NEFARIOUS BEHAVIOR).I arrived at 11:30 PM from Central New Jersey-Julio Perez, hotel employee, told me that they couldn't "find" my reservation. As I suspected, this lying AND DISHONEST EMPLOYEE gave the hotel room to another person. Hotel Novel and Spa then sent us to stay at Espresso Hotel which was worst than Hotel Nouvel and Spa. This is by far the worst hotel experience I have EVER had in my life. Le Nouvel Hotel Spa is NOT new and not in any way a spa. It is very shady, ghetto, low class, and THE WORST HOTEL!!! Stay at the Governeur  Dupuis or another well known hotel in Montreal. Seriously, you have been warned!!!!
3	Booked through Hotwire and both my boyfriend and I enjoyed our stay. We especially liked the location - a short walk from the train station, Bell Centre, great restaurants on Notre Dame, and night life in Old Montreal. Our king bed was super comfy, the room was clean and the bilingual staff were friendly. Would book again at the rate we got ($100/night).
3	Le Nouvel Hotel is a small boutique hotel located along Boulevard Rene-Levesque Ouest, which is a really busy and central street in Montreal. The main selling point of this hotel is probably its location. It's just a short walk away from Guy-Concordia station on the green line as well as Lucien L'Allier station on the orange line. It is close to the Centre Bell, in case you want to watch a hockey game, the Gare Central VIA rail station, and the Centre Eaton shopping mall and surrounding shops and restaurants. In terms of the hotel room, it was pretty standard/basic. We stayed in room 610, which was on the 6th floor - apparently that is the executive floor. The room just looked like a regular room though with two beds, a flat screen TV, and a really tiny washroom. At least it was clean though, and the beds were pretty comfortable. It's not the most glamorous looking hotel, but it's alright and gets the job done for about $107/night on a Saturday night. A few things to note about our room: our safe didn't work, there was a handle missing from the closet door, and I found a towel with a small stain on it.The staff at the hotel was pretty friendly and helpful for the most part. We had a slight hiccup on our first night when we went to check in around 3 pm, which is the standard check in time, and were told that our room wasn't ready yet and they were still preparing it. We ended up having to sit in the lobby for an extra 10-15 minutes until they finally called us over to give us our key. While it wasn't a huge deal, I wasn't impressed with the fact that the room wasn't ready for us when it should have been - it's not even like we arrived early or anything. Also, unfortunately for us, our room was right across from the elevator doors. It made it convenient to get to/from our room, but also made it so it was quite loud with all the people coming in and out. The walls are not super sound proof or anything, so we could hear people in the hallway late at night.There is free unlimited wifi here. However, it was really slow and kept cutting in and out.Overall, I liked the location of the hotel and wouldn't really have a problem staying here again in the future for like one or two nights. It's alright so long as you don't go in expecting anything beyond basic.
2	Two stars for low rate and good location. Things started off ok - we were checked in rather quickly, given wifi passwords, and able to settle into a room earlier than regular check in. However, we found brown stains on the sheets and marijuana on the bed. After falling to the front desk, we were moved to another room but then management went on to hassle is for having 4 people in a room booked for only 2 people. They wanted to charge $20/pp/night  extra. This really rubbed us the wrong way on our first day in the city. Hotels.com showed that rooms were available for the same rate we were quoted, which was less than what the front desk was saying. The hotel constantly smells of smoke and marijuana. The location is good but don't stay if there are other options.
