4	Also another good one, when I want avoid the one on flamingo, I come to this one. Sometimes there are people selling stuff outside you don't want to buy like spider man pillows or bootlegged movies, but inside the crowd's not so bad- mostly seniors. Yes, the cashiers are mostly my peeps too. The selection of food and produce is really good. In terms of selection with these stores, probably in the top 3.
1	This .99 cent store has the rudest workers. This location is always busy. They know they got 50 customers and only have 2 lines open. Something needs to be done here!
4	If it was closer to my home I'd frequent this one. They have enough cashiers for the customer load. Watch the watermelons though some were going bad.
4	Came in here cause places on the Strip scare the hell out of me.So we came here to see what kind of supplies we could stock up on, you know? Hangover cure or a zombie invasion....They have some neat stuff here and some actual factual name-brand items. I was shocked.I added a star for the fact that my items came out to EXACTLY $3. You guys in Nevada have it nice.Made me hate California. Just a tiny bit.
4	Looking for some .99 Reynolds individually cut foil pieces? 25 of them actually? THIS IS YOUR STORE!This one is a little more cluttered, and I'll say its bc of the twats that come here! Ppl, please, dont make a mess in a store! Pick up items you drop on the floor! Anyway, here you can get a lot of fun things for a buck! Ive found some amazing pairs of Target brand and Foster Grant sunglasses! WOO! I also come here for random crap, and gift bags! YES!Come check it out big spenders!
5	OMG - this place is the best ever!  Nothing is over $1 - note everything is actually $1 - the price rings up as $0.9999, rounds to $1.  We don't have these in Chicago, only Dollar Trees, which I love.  But I found so much variety here (from brand name food like Oikos yogurt, fresh blackberries, Kraft shredded cheese, and nutter butter cookies) to potting soil and watering cans and glass picture frames and gift bags and kitchen gadgets.  I was really impressed by how much stuff they really had here and I showed my grandma who will now save lots of money instead of going to the expensive stores to pay too much for something that can be bought here.  The store is pretty clean and there are lots of carts and the management watches to try to make sure the lines stay reasonable.  But be careful what time you come because the lines can get pretty long even with quite a few cashiers working.
4	This place is huge! They have a nice selection of frozen food, fresh food, and dried food.Stayed in vegas for the weekend, and our suite had a kitchen. What better way than to stock the kitchen with food for $1.Many of the foods you can find here are found in normal stores for $2 or $3 more. What a steal!
3	I love a good bargain, and though this chain. Is hit or miss at times, it's always worth a check if you have time to kill in the area!I especially love how, unlike other dollar stores, this chain actually has a produce section! It's not extensive, and a bagged bunch of green onions will likely cost you less at an actual grocery store, but sometimes you find gold. Right now I'm really digging the bags of refrigerated ready-to-eat broccoli florets. Grab a couple of those and a container of ranch dip, and I'm a happy snacker for a few days.Slightly disappointed that this location doesn't have wine, as locations I. Texas do. The bottles were entirely in Spanish, but I had a random Portuguese red and some sangrias I'd pay much, much more for.
4	I really like this place. I honestly think EVERYONE should shop here! They really do have amazing deals & I have found some totally cool stuff.My best .99 finds??V-8 Juice in the HUGE containers Bags of limes, apples, potatoes Newspapers on Sunday (1.99)Name brand cleaning suppliesProgresso brand soupAtkins brand frozen entreesSmart onesMy only wish?? That they accepted coupons. I would totally shop here for everything.
3	I like this store,  it's not my favourite by far. They do have name brand items that would find in target, Wal-Mart for only a $1, but the reason I don't shop much here is because the long lines. If they had more help up front I would be pleased. Also employees could be alittle bit more friendly seesh
5	They have EVERYTHING and it's always an adventure and you can even get produce there! And coconut water for cheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeap :)
4	I love this 99 cent store location they always have what im looking for when it comes to household items the area is kind of shady but I still prefer this location to the others in the valley and they always have my favorite soda here so that's a plus.
4	This location seems to have more stuff than other locations. The Halloween aisle is still packed with stuff and great deals can be found for decorating on the cheap. They have a good produce section. Avocados, coconuts, asparagus, strawberries, all for $1!Keep in mind that they are sneaking in items that are over a $1. Mostly $1.29 but it's still a great deal. Most aisles are neat and clean, everything is well organized. Only thing is I wish they would open for checkout lanes when it gets busy.
