5	I've never had a bad night at this bar, ever.Four Loko be damned, I've had some wild nights I can't even remember.Karaokee on Friday is awesome.  Drag shows there will never disappoint.  The bartenders are ALL sweet and helpful.  The prices are just awesome.
4	My mom always said that drag queens have more fun.With that in mind I decided to spend New Year's Eve at the Blue Moon. There were two firsts for me that night. It was my first Four Loko. Halfway through the can my friend asked me why I was looking at him funny, and I answered, "I feel scared and excited like a balloon." What does that mean? I don't know, but it's a pretty accurate description of how drinking half a can of Four Loko makes you feel. There's a good reason that the bartender tells you with a gentle voice, "Honey, I can only serve you one of those."Second, I sang karaoke. I've wanted to do karaoke for as long as I've been going out to bars and even though I'm no wallflower, the idea of me singing in public just seems wrong (more like cruel). Now, I won't deny the Four Loko and NYE mood contributed in their own special ways to me finding my voice, but I think the encouragement of strangers at the bar is what really got me on stage. And then all the hugs and air kisses and people singing along kept me up there.Like all dives it's dark and sort of run-down and has cheap drinks, but it also has a very warm and friendly crowd that will make you feel instantly comfortable. They also do one-off events; last week there was an all-you-can-eat vegan pierogi night for $8. So, you know, if you only get to have one gay bar in your neighborhood, at least it's the Blue Moon.
4	Tgirls, trannys and some transsexuals meet here on Saturdays.  I went.  Sometimes there is a drag show.  I am not into the shows, but I do love to be with other tgirls.Its more of a gay crowd, but they welcome everyone.
4	A bar on a Friday night, sure thing, why not.  I figured it would be funny to go to Blue Moon during the blue moon.I haven't been to this place in a while, so of course I forgot that they have karaoke night on Fridays.  I'm not a huge fan of karaoke...that is until I get a few in me and then I find it entertaining to watch people attempt their favorite songs in front of complete strangers.  Maybe it's the meaning of the word derived from Japanese that makes it excruciating to watch at first (empty orchestra).  After about two drinks I was able to tolerate it.The main area is a bit cramped when a show or karaoke is going on.  Typical bar set up with stools around the bar.  A few tables dot the area.  Hard to find a place to just stand if you don't get there early.  There is another area in the back that is more for just mingling than the front.  A couch to lounge on, some high top tables and a smaller bar that I assume when they are super busy is in use.  A small outside patio is out the back door.The bartenders were super courteous.  I had gone up to the bar and ordered another round of drinks for my friend and I from one bartender and another bartender was right there to see if I needed anything.  When I pointed to my beer to indicate that I was taken care of already he thought that meant I wanted another one.  I attempted to apologize and pay for the extra beer and the bartender refused to take my money for the second beer.  Of course that meant I was double fisting for a moment there, but all was good.As entertaining as this place can be, I doubt I would be a regular here.  Not a good enough vibe for me, but I will return on a sporadic basis.
4	Great place to hang out with friends and possibly meet new ones...very relaxed and layed back bar.  I visit there every time I return to the burgh...
4	I liked it. I have to admit that when I came out I didn't like the T in GLBT, and wished they would go off and have their own equal rights movement. I'm glad I evolved. This bar provides a nice setting to hang out and have a few drinks with some of the most individual, quirky, unique and innately beautiful brothers and sisters in the Burgh. The bartenders were polite and friendly, even to my drunk ass companions, and me (the driver) just standing around taking up space. Drinks were reasonable and quite generous. (Too generous, which for many is a plus!) They were cute too. Patrons are the reason to go though. From the hot girl with the purple weave, to the 7 foot tall lady who greeted us and knew I had never been in before, to the young fellow who I suspect had a vagina - this place should have been where Gaga filmed her video for "Born This Way."
5	What a great bar! What a gay bar! Having been here a number of times for the drag shows, Blue Moon is one of those places you never forget... All the perks of a classic Burgh dive bar, plus weird gay touches.
4	Great bar open and friendly. A definite for Pittsburg. Yes its a gay bar but it don't matter here.
4	pomegranate long island ice teas are very gourmet for this hidden gem in lawrenceville. Double shot cocktails are nothing to mess around with either - make sure to call a cab! Staff is WONDERFUL and down to earth. There is also a cute, quaint back porch if you want a more intimate setting before winter swings through...
4	It seems like a decent little bar, the decor is gorgeous, I just went there during Pride and it was SUPER packed, which was a little uncomfortable. It's an extremely friendly crowd whether you are gay/straight/bi/trans/cis/whatever, so it's definitely worth dropping in!
4	Probably the funnest gay bar in Pittsburgh. The crowd is also diverse: lesbians, gays, drag, trans, straight- and everyone is there to just have a good time. I know a couple of the bartenders there- and they are super nice and laid back. The drinks are cheap, strong (the long islands are in like 24oz cups and deadly). The drag show is generally not my scene but still a fun highlight if you're going with a group of friends and have strolled over from Remedy after a few drinks. The outdoor patio in the back is great in the summer, and pool tables in the back room is where I'm usually at. Overall, good people, good drinks, and a good time.
5	Fun and diverse crowd, friendly and attentive bartenders, and inexpensive drinks. This is a great neighborhood bar with fun shows also.
3	Just recently went to Blue Moon to see the Spice Girls drag show! I loved it! The show was wonderful and entertaining with music from the 90s!The drinks were reasonably priced and the diverse crowd (especially the performers!) were very welcoming and talkative. There were a lot of people smoking indoors, which was a little overwhelming for a non smoker in such a small area. There were pool tables and couches located in the back of bar right before the patio entrance, which was not as crowded. There is a cute outside area where you can get some fresh air, but it was pretty filled with people and didn't give you a whole lot of room, although it was nice to have a patio to sit outside on! Overall, it was a fun bar that offered a great night full of reasonably priced drinks and entertainment!
3	While Blue Moon may be considered a dive bar, I still think it's a step up from somewhere like Lucky's. However, just because it's "nicer" doesn't mean it's better. While I enjoy coming here, I couldn't see myself visiting for anything other than a drag show. Aside from the entertainment, there isn't much else of a pull to get me through the doors. Yeah, the drinks are cheap and the service is friendly, but not much else stands out. It's really not a bad place to go, but there are other places I'd rather go.There is a front bar (which is the biggest room) with plenty of seating options at the bar or at tables, a back room with more seating and a pool table and a smaller outdoor patio with some more seating and a way to escape the heavy smoke inside. As I mentioned above, their drag shows are always entertaining. I've seen a Christmas in July show as well as a Spice Girls one. I even heard they did a Britney tribute show once before! Their performers are always very unique and come in a wide variety. I would definitely check their schedule and stop by when there is a performance.
4	OMG did we have fun. Blue Moon was recommended to me by a friend for the karaoke on Friday nights. Took our bachelorette party here and it was a blast. Drinks...super cheap. 3 craft beers for $13. Did not have the mixed drinks, but apparently they are loaded up! Fun, fun crowd. Very diverse (gays, lesbians, drag queens, trannies and straight people.) Everyone was just lovely and conversation flowed from table to table to people passing through. Big age range, too. The karaoke was great...what a range of singers there, some bad, some good and some that just blew it out of the water. The crowd all joins in as well and Eddie runs the show with funny quips and keeps it all flowing. Love that there is a stage!Very smoky in there, so if that bothers you it may not be your cup of tea. I'll be back.
4	it's fun and lively place to hang out with friends and Lawrenceville. They have entertainment pretty much every night, open stage, karaoke, drag shows, bartenders are awesome. Prices are reasonable.
