3	Near Chef Rubber they have the large-scale equipment and smaller wares you would need in order to open a food business. They have a lot of dishes, tools, pans for a cheaper price if its what you need.
4	My go to place if I need something in the kitchen. They have tons of pans, utensils, plates, and front of the house service equipment. A lot of equipment here are professional grade meaning they use them in restaurant kitchens. It is open to the public so anyone can come in and buy an item. If you're looking for what the chef's use, this is the place to go. The prices are reasonable here, compared to a lot of restaurant supply stores that overcharge for their items. Service is friendly and knowledgeable. Plus, if you are looking for a particular item, they will go out of their way to either order it, or find a suitable replacement.
4	This is one of my go to places for any kitchen or cooking supply needs. I've bought a lot of basic things here from sauce pans to a few knives. They carry Victorinox knives which have found their way into heavy use and I've had to buy more for family members who fell in love with them. (They don't carry Global or especially Kyocera ceramics though which is like a deity created a knife and gave it as a gift to mankind). But if you need pizza pans to tongs to bartending supplies they can and do have what you need. Service is also very good here even if you don't have an account. I keep coming back here because in terms of selection and sheer volume of inventory they are hard to beat. They are bigger than the supply place in Henderson and even Clark County Restaurant Supply and they are very competitive on price.
4	These folks have a fair variety of hard-to-find Italian ingredients.  Very small store though, similar to a receptionist's office attached to a warehouse. Nice variety of cheeses.
3	With my dad being a chef, we come here every once in a while to get equipment. Sometimes we just buy stuff for the house. The prices are decent. There is an additional discount for being a union member. It is nothing large, but substantial enough to cover the sales tax. There are some great finds in here. Not everything is going to be able to purchase for residential use. Most of it is for commercial.
3	Guess what? I like pretending to be a chef. To fool people, you need to play the part and own super awesome kitchen gear. Since I'm just pretending, I don't like to buy things at retail. SRS saves the day in that regard. Many of their items are priced below Amazon or other local retailers. That being said, the rest are not. It's kinda hit or miss on many of the items. Also, I tried to buy a ton of paper goods, plastic cups, etc. and the selection was weak. I literally bought every 12-16oz cup they had and they were not cheap. Overall, SRS is A-OK in my book and should be for you too, if you're looking for some sweet kitchen/serving gear.
4	Swung by one morning on my way to work. Only had about 15 minutes to browse around. Definitely not enough time to see fully what this place had. From what I could see, they had mostly small wares, although they do have some big equipment as well. The prices were high on some things, low on others. They have rows and rows of small items, that I could not explore this trip, so next time I'll make sure I go when I'm not rushed.
5	This a great place to find whatever your restaurant business may require!We worked with their Sales Associate Mary, who is incredibly professional and was able to help us determine what equipment worked best for us. Their delivery guys were prompt and courteous. We will be back in the future when the need for restaurant supplies at a reasonable price arises!!
1	Rats ..i buy a $670.22 glove meat ground. But une time using. Was over and the grease come over mi food. I make complain but they dont help mi ..i lose mi money. Dont buy at standard restaurant supply
5	The host memorizes people's faces to go with their name!!! I was really freaked out when he didn't write down our party's info, but he remembered us in correct order! After this amazement came the pizza and Mediterranean Bread.. oh my!!!! Pizzagasm! It is 100% worth the wait since they don't accept reservations, but if you get there right when they open you won't have to wait long.
5	I love the food here great Mediteranean bread and homemade salad dressings. The pizzas taste so fresh. During it's busiest times, the owner comes up to you to ask how many in your party, tells you how much time you have to wait, and in exactly that amount of time, he finds you to seat you. It's a small restaurant, but I wouldn't change a thing.
