3	Great local hangout, not a great eatery. Rather good coffee aside, the foremost thing I can say about Milano's food is it's oily. Everything is covered in oil (blessing in disguise), if it weren't for the oil you would notice how dry and overcooked the sandwich meat is. The bread is painfully tough, and even the salads are swimming in oily dressing. 3 stars is only because it's a cafe, as an eatery it would fare much worse.
3	Italian hangout place,Open late for great sausage sandwiches.Not a restaurant but a type of restobar.It's not downtown but on the north east side of Montreal, transportation there is difficult without a car. If you are in the area and what an Italian coffee and a grilled sausage sandwich it's the place to go.
4	amazing coffee...great italian style salads and great panini's!i love the way they ask you to get a table and the waiter yells around you name until he finds you!very italian joint...very italian! bada bing bada bing!oops.... i didnt wear my addidas fitted track pants with my Canada Goose! lol
5	Holy crap!! Their sangwiches are amazing bro.The cannolis are super amazing and their coffee is seriously good.It's far from the downtown area but well worth the drive.
4	Addictive sandwiches.  It was bustling and the servers run around bringing your orders to the table after you give it at the counter.  There are mix-ups but I think it is part of the charm because if they missed your order they apologize profusely and hustle to get your food.  The buns are deliciously pliant and beautifully buttered filled to brim with whatever you ordered.  They put in traditional Italian gardiniere with your protein so the flavours are warm and delicious.  I do not want to go back here because of the amount of food I inhale but it is addictive.  I am craving the tuna sandwich now.  Yummy.
4	This is the mecca of Gino's and Mary's! But MAN are the sangwiches good!! LOLThe madhouse called Milano's is a place to chill back, have a Brio and a panini stuffed with the goodness of sausage and peppers, or Mortatella and provolone.I also have to say that the Chopped chicken salads are DA BOMB! Go and hang out, even if you aren't Italian you will feel like you are after one bite!
3	Busy place with a genuine Italian spirit. Went there for a business meeting: they have a big room downstairs equipped with big TV screens you can connect a PC to and very efficient AC comfortable enough to fit 20 people.Subs and salads are fresh and lively, service is fast and it feels like Italy indeed.
4	Awesome Subs!!! Best in Montreal & you can top them however you want!!!! Good price $$$ nice people
4	Awesome sandwiches! I always make a point of stopping in when I'm in the area. Love the marinated eggplant. Great coffee as well. Now if I could only explain to the locals that "passing" in foozball is the proper way to play I'd give it 5* ;)
4	I adore Milano, the food is certainly excellent but the space, luminous rooms, terrace and great social scene are also unique. It's like a kaleidoscope of Italian Montreal, young, old, suburban Italian princesses, old guys and it's awesome. The espressi and HUGE cannolis are among the best in town and the sandwiches are fairly good, but they could be even better if really good bread was used - instead of the cardoard, slightly tasteless one. Great social spot though and all-around good times.
4	Very nice local Restaurant/Italian Cafe type place. Really great for an nice hang out time with friends, great sandwich or a nice dessert with an espresso or cappuccino. The service has always been friendly and pleasant every time I have visited, sandwich are really good as is the decadent desserts and coffee is never a disappointment.The restaurant can get a quite noisy when full as its more a hang out type place then a sit down meal, hence 4/5 stars.Yep 4/5 thumbs up! Local at its best!Tip:Try the sandwiches and Canolis ;)
4	The terrace is always full. Get there early. The lineup  is worth the wait. New "porchetta" sandwich is a winner. Just like Mama's home cooking. Dog-friendly. We brought our dogs and they brought water for them. How nice is that!
3	Cafe Milano's, a classic St. Leonard staple. If you're from the east end, you've probably had Milano's at least once in your life. It's part of St.Leo culture. They're known for their paninis. You could order anything from a cold cut panini to a chicken or veal cutlet panini or even a steak sub. The food is good, fills you up. However, I feel as though I could make better ones at my place. I also find it a little bit pricey. 10$ for a sandwich seems a little on the high end. It's good, but there's better.Also, it is open until 4:00am. Therefore if you're getting the late night munchies, skip the fast food joints and head over to Milano's. It's obviously the better choice :)
4	Great place to grab a bite at any hour. The coffee is good, sandwiches are good, great ambience. I come here once a week.
3	Ever since the son took over, you would have expected more of a modern touch. Yes they added salads which is great, but you need to ask for all dressed or else all you get is ICEBERG LETTUCE, DRESSING (mayo, oil, vinegar) and THE MEAT. All-dressed includes: cheese, eggplant, carmelized onion and hot peppers. Sorry for for 10$ a salad, it should be standard. The coffees are good obviously BUT can they have any other milk than 3.25%. Not asking for Almond or Soy but atleast 1%...something else. You can either get the guy that's screaming your name for dear life outside holding your coffee waiting for you to flag him down or the nicer ones. Good place when you have nothing else to do but the guys serving seem tired of their jobs a little...smiling is contagious, also you get better tips boys!
