1	wow. i didn't go in expecting fine dining, but i did have high hopes for a decent breakfast... eggs are a delicate and heat sensitive item, so when we saw our order come up- then watched our waitress go fill up some water glasses, take 2 orders, deliver some ketchup, chat with a table, wipe down the counter, fetch a paper to look at, casually re-set the counter- turn see our order, then head back out to refill some coffee before finally picking up our sad sad cold order and dropping it off.... well i pretty much just wanted to leave, but i was also starving and had waited, so i gave it a shot. but as you have probably guessedit was pretty much inedible. both orders at our table had poached eggs, and on both orders the eggs were punctured so that the yolk was everywhere, and cold. not even going to talk about the potatoes, i'm sure they were last night's baked potatoes- just slightly re-heated, not even a slight golden brown to them.  and to add insult to injury, it was $20. don't bother- there is a reason it is empty, let it stay that way.
4	Drew's is a really nice family restaurant. I'm surprised at the negative reviews. I've been here several times and the food and service has been consistently great. It costs about the same as Eat N Park but is considerably more upscale (especially compared to the horrible Eat N Park in nearby Edgewood). Compared to most similar places, I'd go here any day. Try the fried zucchini with horseradish sauce.
4	This is comparable to Eat n' Park, but since Eat n' Park is everywhere this is a nice change.  I've only been here for breakfast and everytime I've gone the food tasted great and the service was prompt and courteous.  We tend to go here the day after drinking so we tend to be famished and could eat anything, but honestly, the french toast is delish!Check it out!
2	I'm not going to lie, I was a bit frightened when I walked in for the first time. I felt like it was 1950, and I was oddly dressed because of my... jeans. It looked like an old-fashioned diner, which, I'm assuming, is the look it's supposed to have.Anyway, my first experience was decent. The waitress came around just enough times to serve me water and bring out my spaghetti that was a bit on the watery side. Side note: I don't understand how restaurants fail to properly drain noodles.The second experience was awful. I'm pretty sure my waiter forgot about me as I was seated in what I like to call the "uncool" section. I was tempted to get up and serve myself water because it got to the point where I thought his shift ended. Like my first experience, I ordered pasta, which was decent.I haven't been back there in a while, and I'm not too sure I'll return any time soon.
4	We live close to Drew's and go once every couple of weeks. We love it. It's a really friendly family atmosphere. The wait staff is always very accommodating to any requests. The food is exactly what you would expect from a diner-style establishment-- excellent home-cooked fare. Breakfasts are always good-- my kids tend to stick with pancakes, French toast and waffles. I usually get an egg dish and I've never been disappointed. Their fish sandwich is delish and their salads are huge. My husband loves the tuna melt. The fries sometimes tend to be a little underdone for my tastes, but if you ask for them crispy, they'll cook them longer. The portions are enormous. The owners are almost always around, and if you have a problem, ask for them. We love Drew's and appreciate the personal service.
3	The biggest impression this restaurant's going to make on you comes from its decor.  The walls are covered in some sort of period art that looks like a mix between the 90's and the 40's.  Lots of manufactured curves, metallic colors, and straight lines.  Even the salad bowls get in on the act.  Kind of space-age without the space suit.The lunch menu revolves (perhaps.. orbits?) around melts.  Honestly, they're kind of expensive.  I didn't want to make my boss pay for one.  Instead I had the cheeseburger deluxe.  Nothing deluxe about this cheeseburger.  You'll get comparable size and taste at the local Wendy's.  However, my coworker's steak salad was HUGE.  I think you may get twice the food for the same price.The service is friendly and efficient.  Not long to wait for our orders, but nothing special either.
5	Fantastic diner. Got the Breakfast Sampler, two eggs, two strips of bacon, two sausages, two pancakes for $7.75. As a New Yorker, this is awesome. A person at my table got the Greek salad, and I was envious. Peppers, beets, anchovies, whole blocks of feta cheese... this was one of the most complete Greek salads I've ever seen.The walls have cute Burton Morris paintings that give the diner an art deco feel.
5	Great food, fast service, and clean.
4	Drew's is what you want in your little neighborhood diner. It's casual. Families are welcome. The staff smile a lot and are generally friendly folks. It's relaxed. The menu features lots of comfort food. It's a classic local diner.Breakfast at Drew's is a very popular draw for those who live in Forest Hills and other nearby neighborhoods such as Regent Square and Braddock Hills. It's not as cheap as you might expect a diner breakfast to be, but the food is certainly good. I love their Belgian waffles, in particular. They are perfectly golden, crisp on the outside, tender inside, and topped with real maple syrup. The eggs benedict are also delectable and at Drew's, they really do poach the eggs. (What good is eggs benedict without runny yolks - salmonella be damned?) Lunch brings an array of soups, salads, burgers and sandwiches that are basic but tasty. If you want sides, for $3.50 you can upgrade to a platter and get fries, coleslaw, and a cup of soup along with your main event. As for dinner, the choices are very much "mom's home cooking" kinds of choices: meatloaf, liver and onions (hard to find these days), baked scrod, veal parmigiana. Again, prices are a bit more than you might expect for a diner, but not terrible. (For dinner, you'll pay anywhere from $10 - $20 for your entree, depending on what you select.) And in all honesty, I would rather spend an extra $3 to eat at a local, independently-owned restaurant than give my hard-earned money over to a mega-corporation that is killing businesses like Drew's. The bottom line: Drew's is a decent, friendly neighborhood diner with excellent food and a relaxed atmosphere. It's not the cheapest place, but it's reasonable and worth a few extra bucks.
3	I feel like I need to wait and have more of an experience before reviewing Drew's but here we go. Drew's confuses me a little. I went there and ordered their Sampler Breakfast meal and felt it was a little small for an $8 meal, but on the other hand someone else at the table ordered a salad and it practically came in a mixing bowl. Everyone at the table was trying to figure out what to do with all the extra lettuce because you couldn't really eat it with how full it was. I can't really complain about my meal, I mean it was good I just left a little hungry that's all. I think I could have eat two of the samplers and been full.It's one of the few restaurants in Forest Hills so I want it to stick around for a while. I will have to go in and have some more of Drew's offerings to give you a more well rounded idea of the place.
5	I had an amazing fish sandwich & fries, coffee was weak but good, and you never can go wrong with the desserts...
4	Drew's has great food with some pretty diverse daily specials. The zucchini strips and hot roast beef sandwich are my favorites. I'm told the pies are great too.
3	My family is originally from North Braddock, and we continued to visit my grandparents there until they passed. En route to Gram and Pap's house, my family always passed Drew's Restaurant.  I always wondered what it was like inside.  Now that I spend a great deal of time in Forest Hills, I have had the opportunity to stop in a few times.  Drew's is your typical family diner, with tasty breakfasts, daily specials, and mediocre dinners. The cook is a bit ornery, but he's adept at what he does.  The silver-haired waitresses remind me of my 6th grade math teacher.  Oh sure, she has a heart of gold and certainly wants you to succeed, but that doesn't change the fact that 1. she doesn't want to be there and 2. will send your butt to detention if you pass a note in class and no, you can't use the restroom right now.  We're taking a pop quiz on proofs and that takes precedence over your bladder. Where was I?The breakfasts are hearty and well-prepared. I enjoy both the Ionian (Greek) and Italian omelettes.  They are served with two pieces of toast and have have easily been split between myself and my boyfriend for a well-portioned start to our day. I'd steer clear from their dinners. I don't understand why liver and onions is always a special at these diner-type places.  Do post-Cold War Americans ever eat liver and onions?  I'm genuinely curious. Overall, not a bad place. Stop in for an omelette and a scolding from the waitresses if you're ever on Ardmore Blvd.
3	I like it for breakfast. Servers are sometimes a little bossy. In a good way - if they don't like what you're asking for they let you know what's good.
5	Good food all the time. I'm usually there for breakfast. They have good omelettes and eggs Benedict. Not fancy but good portions of home cooked kind of meals. Never had a bad meal here.
4	Great place for lunch during the work week. Fast, friendly service. Great food, good prices.
4	I come to Drew's most Friday mornings with a group of friends.  This is our local diner.  I personally like trying all kinds of different breakfast items and have ordered almost every item off of their breakfast menu.  I would say that they have a nice selection of items for breakfast and there are few that I would say I did not enjoy.  Their corned beef hash is very tasty.  I often times will order it with smoked salmon instead of corned beef, and enjoy the smokey flavor of that dish.    Overall, it's fun to consider myself a local at the neighborhood diner.  I wouldn't say you should come to Drew's and expect a gourmet breakfast, with the freshest ingredients; but if you are looking for a place with good omelets, pancakes, and eggs then this is the place!
5	This is a very Family Friendly Restaurant. All the food is homemade & extremely good. There breakfast is out of sight. I enjoy this place. I recommend you try it you'll love it!!!
5	Just had the best breaded cod sandwich on Mancini's bread. It was a large portion and positively yummy.
3	Met a friend for breakfast here. Service was good. It is an Eat n Park / Denny's type of place so if you enjoy those kinds of places you will love Drew's.. I ordered the farmers omelette and my friend had the Corned Beef Hash and eggs. The big plate full of CBH was made from scratch and not canned. Delicious per my friend. My omelette was ok... Because it was the farmers and had some potatoes in it I did not receive any hash browns just a couple of slices of small toast. A great place would have included some fresh fruit to fill the platter but not Drew's just a small burrito sized omelette in the middle of a big platter..
5	Drew's is a great diner-style restaurant with quality food and a wonderful staff. It's not the healthiest food, but you probably aren't looking for health food if you come to Drew's. It's moderately priced for a diner, but it's well worth it for the service and quality. One of my favorite things here is their PIZZA. My friends and I got it thinking that eight slices wouldn't be enough for us, but we were surprised that the pizza was both massive and filling. It's easily some of the best pizza I've ever had, but it does weigh on you a little heavily. The fried mushrooms and zucchini are also delicious appetizers. I love mushrooms, and getting them fried is a treat for me. Their breakfast is also pretty delicious. These pancakes put Denny's and iHop to shame, and the little bowl of whipped cream certainly makes it even better for a sugar addict like myself. My favorite part of this diner though is probably their cakes. They are unbelievably decadent, fairly priced for the portion you get and so so so so good. Dining at Drew's makes me feel like I'm part of an undiscovered secret nestled in Forest Hills. The good food and incredible service makes me smile every time I come here, and I always look forward to my next visit.
4	Drew's has become our go-to breakfast place.  My husband & i used to try to go to the Square Cafe on weekend mornings, but upon seeing the hoards on the sidewalk waiting to get a table, we just kept going down the hill to the Parkway, go one exit to Ardmore Blvd. and have a terrific meal at Drew's.  We'd been turned off at the Square by high cost ($4 for a pancake? Really?!?!), cramped space, long waits but Drew's is comfortable, the waitresses are pros and food unpretentious.  I docked them 1 star because their coffee always tastes a bit stale, like they need a new Bunn.
4	a cozy breakfast spot similar to dennys or kings minus the shit your pants feeling you get from dennys or kings.  ive only eaten breakfast here cant speak on the other foods but if you can make a bomb breakfast lunch and dinner should be similar.
3	I've been to Drew's in the past, mainly for breakfast. I haven't been there for a couple of years, but my husband and I decided to stop for a quick dinner since we live in the area. We went in an hour to closing and were met with a not-so-friendly hostess who made it seem like we were a bother. She took us to our table, put the menus down, and just walked away. It took a couple of minutes for our waitress to greet us, but she was very nice. We finally ordered and got a fried chicken sandwich and burger. Our meals did not take long to come out at all. However, they weren't the best. The chicken sandwich looked extremely delicious and the breading was, but the chicken inside was extremely dry. My husband got the burger and like the char-grilled taste of the burger, but it was dry too. The fries were mediocre. Our waitress was very attentive throughout the whole meal and refilled our drinks anytime they were empty. We thought everything was pretty expensive. Sandwiches don't come with a side, so by the time you add a fries or even another side, a plate is over $10. Two of us ate for $28. This wouldn't be terrible for a nicer restaurant, but for a diner we think it is extremely overpriced.All in all, it wasn't the worst experience, but we will definitely not be returning to Drew's in the near future and definitely not for dinner.
5	This is far and away the tastiest diner breakfast that I've ever had in Pittsburgh. Delicious pancakes, eggs, and French toast on my plate and my family also had the veggie and Ionian omelette and loved it all. Great coffee, wasn't over crowded and the staff were friendly and efficient. Highly recommend!
5	Was in and out in less than 30 mins. Had seafood bisque and a cheeseburger. Both were excellent.
5	I love Drew's! My husband and I have been coming to Drew's for quite a while now. The service and food are awesome! You can't go wrong eating here. Almost everything is homemade, including the salad dressings. They always have a nice selection of daily specials including 2 different soups. I especially love their lentil soup. Also, they have the best chicken fingers. They are hand cut and freshly breaded. So yummy! The breakfast fare is just as tasty with homemade pancakes, french toast and belgian waffles. Their desserts are to die for as well. When passing through the Forest Hills area, stop in to Drew's. You won't be disappointed.
5	Had a great experience on Greek night Saturday. Drew's served the best lamb I've ever had!
3	I think part of the reason I like doing the occasional home visits for my job is that I get the chance to eat lunch at local places like Drew's.  Such was the case when I stopped in here last week.I was mighty tempted by the hot roast turkey and potatoes, but for my money, nothin' says lunch in a diner like a good club sandwich.  I had the turkey club--basically a BLT with sliced turkey.  With a side of coleslaw and some coffee, it was just right.As stated before, Drew;'s has been a Forest Hills icon for many years.  In fact, it's been around for over a century.  In my book, Drew's rates a solid 3 to 3.5 stars.Ps.  I think my husband Rick and I will be back for Greek Night on November 8, 2014.
5	Great Breakfast!
