4	A decent ramen place in Montreal just opened!! I've been craving ramen since I've been back in Montreal after living in Japan for a while. My previous trials and errors were unsuccessful, and I had accepted that I wouldn't be getting the ramen I wanted here. Well, this isn't exactly it, but it's quite close!! If you lived in Japan or had a decent ramen before, you'll definitely want to try this out. Here's my [extensive; yes, I was excited!!] review of the shiro miso ramen I tried. I'm pretty sure ramen fans will appreciate the thoroughness of it. ^^Broth: Pork based broth, offered Hokkaido style or shiro miso style. I tried the shiro miso. While I'm not a shiro miso fan (tonkotsu (hakata) lover all the way), the broth was pretty good. Most ramen broths I've had here were quite watery and taste-less. This one is oily (I'd say average to light compared to range of oiliness you can get in Japan (where it can get almost unbearably oily in some places), if that gives you an idea; it was just fine for me) and had a strong flavor. It also had this weird snail taste though. (some friends of mine tried it and didn't taste it, might just be something that stands out to me)Noodles: on the bigger side of the range. Firm.Toppings: with the standard ramen you get a bit of: bamboo shoots (~4-5 small pieces), 1 slice of roast pork (could be a little less lean ^^ ), fried tofu, soy bean sprouts, cabbage and green onions.All in all, some parts could be improved for me: more of each toppings, fattier pork, getting rid of the snail taste in the broth (personal preference), option to have thinner noodles. The toppings can also make it very expensive very quick. If you add eggs, butter, etc., you can easily get a 20$ bowl of (delicious) ramen.But apart from that, service is awesome, very friendly and caring, and it wasn't very busy when I went, so not too loud. If you wish to speak Japanese they all seem to speak it so you are good to go, and the waitress, who had this typical japanese mom vibe, actually seemed delighted to realize I spoke it and conversed with me before I left, which was nice. :)tl;dr: If you're looking for decent ramen in Montreal this is a good place to try it. Atmosphere is pretty neutral (there were people on dates, big groups of friends, I was alone, ...) so it's a convenient place for any kind of dinner/lunch. As people have said it's quite simple, as a space, but it's very clean, efficient, and makes you focus on your food. Note that they don't accept cards yet (as of Jan. '13), so bring cash!They also had really good lunch deals, planning on coming back at that time.
3	Misoya has gotten some rave reviews recently of the "Finally!,"  "Montreal's best ramen!," and "Japanese ramen chains do it better!" variety.  And, don't get me wrong, I'm okay with the idea of ramen from a chain restaurant.  A couple of the very best ramens I ever had were courtesy of established Japanese ramen chains with global reach.  But this ain't one of them.  True ramen ought to be a work of art and it ought to drive you cra-zee. Here, the broth was uninspired, the pork belly was chewy and not at all buttery, the fixings were on the skimpy side (what? you have to pay extra for nori?), and the extra egg was nicely cooked but was oddly lacking in flavour.  Nothing we had was bad, but nothing was outstanding, either.  Too bad.  I could always use another ramen joint.
3	A good location near McGill and Concordia to get some eats between classes. I thought that Misoya's broth was really tasty and there noodles were quite good as well. I think I am still hung up to pay around $10 for soup without getting a bit more other stuff (for lunch $10 can typically go a bitter farther than this). Overall I gave it three stars because it was tasty but a bit too high of a price for soup.
4	This place, though they charge extra for egg and other ingredients, I find has the most decent ramen in town. I've tried so far 2 types of ramen, both which are tasty tasty! I tried to the spicy strong miso  based broth ramen, and the 3 pc pork belly strong miso based broth. Let me tell you, that pork belly is really addictive and by the far the highlight of the whole ramen.  I wish they gave more than 3 pcs, I could honestly have a couple more. It also came with potato wedges, geez those were really good too. Service is generally attentive, especially with the water refills. They are quite on top of that. Food comes to you fairly quickly....but downside? Price. I find it is in fact slightly overpriced for ramen.  Each bowl is on average 13-14 bucks. And you know plus tax and all, can be up to 18 bucks. I don;'t know about that....but it's just too tasty for me to care really. Check out this place if you're in the mood for some hearty ramen.
4	It's all a blur. I was hungry, cranky, and at a loss for lunch plans so after minutes of aimless wandering I found this intriguing Ramen restaurant just east of Concordia's Borg Cube.I'm not usually a fan of eating in basements but the layout here made it feel cozy and that you could sit at the bar and peek at the kitchen goings-on through stacks of gorgeous pottery put my reticence on the back burner.Service was swift and uncomplicated. I started with the Daikon salad, a crisp, refreshing little mound of happiness. This was followed by a large bowl of Ramen Soup, bedecked with Miso flavoured egg (extra) a thick slice of delicious pork belly - perfectly grilled and a concatenation of toothsome noodles and, I believe, sprouts. Toss a couple of fried tofu on top of that and you've got a soup worth writing home about!While you're writing home, you might want to ask Mom to send a couple of bucks your way because although entirely worth the price it's still a little spendy.Lunch, including a 200 ml bottle of Ramune Drink (think cream-soda minus the diabetic shock) that counterbalanced the inherent saltiness of the meal set me back seventeen dollars plus tip.I was no longer hungry or cranky as I headed back to the office so my choice to lunch there was a complete success.
3	Heard about this place aaaaaall the way from SF so I was excited to give this place a slurp! One of the first things people tend to notice is the atmosphere, and I liked how you had take a few steps down to get to this place - reminiscent of izakaya joints in Japan. Chairs are mismatched but whatevs, with ramen joints, it's mostly about the bowl thats in front of you... and YES!!! Nihonjins greeting us. That's usually a good sign, right?Simple menu... Love! That means they concentrate on their craft by limiting their selection. We got the $12.99 lunch special - you know, after all the add ons. Daikon salad - Didn't want to be too judgmental but they did slop a whole heck of a lot of the miso sesame dressing. Was hoping that it was at least light in flavor, but it was a bit salty so took the top portion off.Broth - I looove salt, and my BFF and boyfriend are always telling me high blood pressure, secret killer... Even as a sodium fiend, the kome miso broth was way too salty. Took a sip of my boyfriend's shiro miso and although lighter in flavor, a bit salty. Felt bad but I had to pour some of my water in so I could get spoonfuls of my favorite part.Noodles - I like the noodles they used and they were perfectly firm!Egg - My second favorite part after the broth. The yolk was firm but had an oranginess to it so not sure if this is supposed to be an onsen tamago or a soft boiled egg. Wished they had cooked it just a minute less.Pork Charred Shu - whoa whaaaaaaaaat?? Definitely the Michael Jackson of the show. Aheee heeee... I loved that it got a nice tan on the grill and wasn't too fatty. Reminded me of a Japanese porchetta.I reeeally wanted to like this place, but found that everything is salty. I'd definitely come back again because I don't believe in trying a place just once and writing it off. Its got a bit of catching up compared to Totto or Ippudo in NYC or Sansotei in Toronto, but it is the best in town. If you're missing ramen, we all know we will be coming back to the best one in town.
4	I've been looking for a ramen-fix place in Montreal and I may just have found one! Ramen Misoya broth are tasty, more on the salty side. The BBQ pork are thicker than Ramen-Ya with a lot more fat which means more flavor and so much goodness! I'm not too sure on the choice of vegetables though, which included fried potato and corn. But overall, strongly recommended to ramen-fans or tiny group of friends looking for small place to eat quickly.
4	For the longest time i was looking for a good good bowl of Ramen in this town, finally  have found it! The Ramen was very good here, i would recommend it to anyone looking for a good one like i was.I will be coming back
4	Stooped in here for lunch with a friend and the ramen very nice. When we went in they gave us a menu with two different broth choices, and a list of add ins (extra $). We both choose a basic soup, no extras, and they were tasty! The ramen could have used a few more extras, like other places do standard, but for a quick and reasonably priced lunch, I'm not complaining.   We also enjoyed the fact that the restaurant wasn't busy, and we could sit and chat without feeling rushed. Not sure if that is still the case now that school has started.
3	Food: I ordered the Kome miso ramen and added an egg. I also had their gyoza. The meal came with a daikon salad. The daikon salad was a nice appetizer and the gyoza was also pretty good. Now for the ramen. It was a pretty decent bowl. The broth wasn't overpowering or too greasy. The flavor was good. The chashu was also not bad, probably the best part of the bowl. The noodles were also not bad. So bottom line, everything about their ramen was not bad. But it wasn't spectacular. Nothing to write home about, but if you need a hot bowl of ramen and you're nearby... why not? You're going to get a decent bowl of ramen here.Service: The service was friendly and great. No problems here. But keep in mind that I came here right when they opened so there wasn't anybody else eating there yet. A couple groups showed up during my meal, but it was never got too busy.Location: Pretty conveniently located near subway and bus stops. I didn't have a car for the weekend, but it was just an easy short walk to the restaurant. If you have a car, you'll probably need to find street parking. The restaurant is located in the basement of the building.
4	I'm here usually at least once a week, between classes. It never gets too loud, the service is always great, and it's the closest I've had to authentic ramen since I was in Tokyo.The broths are rich without being overpowering (my favourite is the komemiso), the chashu (pork) is always tender and juicy, and the noodles are perfectly cooked. Not exactly al dente, but not mushy - just the perfect texture, with a bit of chewiness. A perfect meal and atmosphere for a cold day.For $10 most people will be pretty full, although I did find their drinks to be a little overpriced: $3 for a bottle of Oi Ocha (cold green tea) is a tad steep, but on the plus side it's the real deal.As far as I can tell the entire staff is Japanese, and they keep it authentic by greeting every new patron/group with "irashaimase!" and bidding them adieu with "arigatou gozaimasu!" Love it.
3	3 stars for me. Came here yesterday for lunch based on a recommendation. I have to agree that I enjoyed the "not so busy" atmosphere.  We didn't feel rushed and yhe service was good.My cousin ordered a soup and the chicken kaarage, which came as an order of 6 large pieces. The strange part was it came out after our soups. I wish I could have tried it first. It was delicious! They use the dark meat of the chicken so it was nice and juicy.  The batter was so crispy and yet not greasy. This was the highlight of our meal for me.I forgot which miso ramen I ordered, but it came with a piece of fried tofu, 3 slices of cha shu and the usual fixings. I am not a fan of salty food and was told by the server that it was the least salty of the 3 miso choices. I was expecting it to be less salty than what I've had at other restaurants, but I was wrong. It was way too salty for me. Probably the saltiest soup I have ever had. So I just skipped sipping the broth. A lot of reviewers mentioned they liked the cha shu. I guess I will be the odd one to say that I did not. I like my pork not overly fatty, but tender and I found the meat too tough. The noodles were ok. They were more on the hard side rather than silky and chewy. I like mine like the latter.Overall, I have had better ramen at other places.I wouldn't mind coming back if I'm with others who'd like to try it out, but would probably go elsewhere if I was the one suggesting. And if I come back, I might stick to ordering their appies.
4	Finally, I can stop thinking about moving to another city because we now have a genuinely good Japanese ramen in town! I had the tonkotsu ramen and added 2 pieces of char-siu pork. I'll keep this succinct:The broth: savoury and slurp-worthy, but perhaps a bit too salty so I was unable to finish it.The noodles: perfectly al dente!The toppings: the marinated half-boiled egg tasted like paradise (wish they'd given me the other half though), the pork was tasty but not nearly as melt-in-your-mouth as it should be. Overall, I was very satisfied, but there are a couple of things that stop me from giving them 5 stars. Number one, it took them half an hour to bring out our food. Number two, there was a clear lack of ventilation inside the restaurant, in a sense that I could see and smell smoke pervading the dining room. Don't let these two things stop you from trying them out though, especially since there's a lack of better ramen alternatives in Montreal.
3	Good food, but expensive for the price. The service was mediocre, as they charged me a price that was different from what's stated on the menu.One of those places where the food is so rich that you only go once every four months
2	I've been to Ramen Misoya twice now and both times I've been more or less disappointed by my experience. Both times I ordered the same thing (shiro miso ramen which is a vegetarian ramen). The first time there were little bits of meat in my soup (I believe that defeats the purpose of the dish being "vegetarian") and the second time the soup was crazy salty. You know what?-- no one is perfect in life, not even restaurants, but with that thought I don't think I am going to bother going back to this place. I have high standards even if that means perfect ramens. (Let's get serious here, I don't know shit about perfect ramens but what I do know is that I don't like meat nor excess salt mixed in my soup when I order the vegetarian option. The end).
4	Excellent ramen, I would say it's better than many of the places in China town. The place is reasonably priced and they give you a wide selection of options to add to each ramen dish. The Chicken karaage was excellent however I wouldn't recommend the gyoza (it was small and only average).
2	Way too salty! It was too salty to point that you could barely eat it. The meat slice was good though but the overly salty soup base defeated everything. I might go back just to give it another shot. Maybe...
1	Avoid if u can. Very unpleasant experince, only one waitress and she is so unorganized. On a Tuesday night we waited for over an hour between getting the menu and someone took our order. The food is mediocre too. Worst dining experience ever.
4	Affordable. I'm a big fan of japanese ramen & tried almost every ramen in Montreal. I know they can't have the same taste as in Japan but Misoya has the best flavor among them.
2	I went here for dinner around 6 on a weeknight. I ordered their most popular ramen with pork. This had to be the saltiest ramen I have ever had. It looked delicious with the thick slices of pork, and nice firm noodles but the soup was just inedible. It was as if they used sea water instead of regular water for the broth. After the ramen I was so thirsty that I kept waking up for water all night long until the early hours of the morning. I dont think I will ever go back to this restaurant if only for health reasons.
4	I needed comfort food after a 6 hours long flight and decided to try Ramen Misoya as it is close from where I live. I ordered the Shiro Miso Vegetarian Ramen to go and didn't wait too much, the staff was very friendly and even offered me a glass of water while I was waiting. I have not much to say about the quality of the service and the food, everything was perfect from start to finish.But, because there is a but, I opted for this restaurant because they offered a vegetarian (vegan friendly, according to the ingredients) alternative to my beloved ramen and I found pieces of meat in the stew. I understand that it is because they use the same stew for meaty and vegetarian ramen, and only use a strainer for the second one but they should mention it as it was a very unpleasant surprise and the fact that meat is used in the process can go against some vegans and vegetarians' beliefs, even if meat is not (supposed to be) present in the end product. This is a bit sad because I really love their ramen and I would probably come often if this was not an issue.I can understand that ramen are usually and traditionally made with meat, and that therefore vegetarian ramen are not the norm, but it would be greatly appreciated if they could cook them separately. Conclusion: If you're a meat lover, don't hesitate, I don't think you can be disappointed even though I haven't tried the other ones. If you're vegetarian or vegan, you might want to think about it twice as meat is most likely present in some part of the process. Other than that, it's pretty affordable, you'll leave full and it's not too noisy either. I'm giving four stars because it has everything you can expect from a ramen restaurant.
5	Excellent ramen place! Gyoza came nice and hot with excellent flavours. Ramen itself was tasty with good portion sizes. The noodels were excellent and the soup was not too salty at all. Also had some fried chicken on the side and that was cooked to perfection! Service was excellent - with staff checking in regularly.Would definitely come back!
3	3.5 stars, I wish I could give fractions on yelp.  I love ramen and I was glad we found a good place for ramen in Montreal.  The noodles were good and the broth was very rich in flavor.  Maybe a little too rich?  I typically end up eating all the broth in my ramen.  Here... maybe it was a little salty?  I didn't didn't finish it.  The pork was good, meaty & fatty and it's on the thicker side of what i'm normally used to.  All the local ramen places serve very thin slices of pork.  I gotta say... I think the thinner more delicate slices of pork go better with ramen.
4	This is actually one of the spots I enjoy the most for ramen. Their noodles tend to be slightly firm yet chewy, which I really like; the pork has always been cooked perfectly; in general, the soup is really flavorful and good. What irks me though is the broth. For me it's way too salty and rich, which sortof brings the whole thing down a notch. That still doesn't stop me from going back, though, and if you're a big fan of savory foods then it's definitely worth a taste.
4	A friend and I tried it for a girls' dinner out. It's probably as good as it gets in terms of authenticity (I was born and raised in Japan). I get that people thought the Shiro-miso broth was too salty but you're not supposed to be able to drink all of it...I don't think. Everything about Shro-miso Cha-shu I had was pretty great: the noodles, the broth, cha-shu slices (3!). Good portion size, too. The only thing was they were quite obviously short-staffed. One more server would have helped a lot. Go there early to avoid a line-up. Will come back.
1	The reasons why I am giving it one star are twofolds:- Horrible and slow service: waiters look a bit lost, they didn't come take our order until I asked. We ordered an appetizer and two bowls of ramen, and had to wait 45 min before we got our food- The gyoza: the meat tasted sour with an aftertaste, as if it was expired (maybe it was actually expired). I pretty much spit the gyoza out.Now, the ramen and broth is actually pretty good and the portion of chashu (the meat) is quite generous. But I wouldn't go back, as I got so frustrated by the waiting time, waiters didn't really apologize and when I said the meat in the gyoza was probably expired, they still charged us.
