3	Going to the cell phone store is usually a true test of one's patience. Long wait times, less than knowledgeable staffs and high priced equipment. For the longest time the Verizon store at Rainbow and Charleston fit this description to a tee, but lately it seems that they have worked to change that business model.   One of the things that have changed at this location is that upon entering the store you are immediately approached by an employee who asks what you are there for. This allows them to route you to the appropriate person to help you. This little change in the way business is done seems to have expedited the process.   All in all you are still going to the cell phone store which is only fun if you are getting a new device. Outside of that, it's like getting a root canal. Thankfully Verizon Wireless has attempted to make experience less painful than it had previously been. BTW, I've had service from several carriers and Verizon has given me the best service I've ever had. Less dropped calls and coverage in places like my cabin in the mountains of Utah.
1	Bought a replacement HTC Incredible 2 for $140.00 on 4/18/12.  By 5/29/12, phone was not starting up.  Tech support tried to force a lesser phone down my throat since they no longer have Incredible 2 in stock.  Went to the store to seek fairness and was given a "one-time offer" to BUY another phone for $190 (I think) as an "early upgrade."  This was not acceptable.  All I have been looking for was fairness in the form of an equivalent replacement phone with an 8MP camera and CDMA/GSM capabilities. In any case, the manager "Terry", I think, logged that my phone is damaged which (even after they were still willing to provide the lessor replacement phone) has now invalidated my warranty. I have posted a photo of the"damage" on this yelp page.  In case they erase it, you can also find it here:https://twitter.com/DonKudler/status/208293975826767872/photo/1It took way too long, but I was finally able to get a new/replacement phone from a different store thanks to the District Manager.
5	After a poor experience at the verizon store on maryland parkway, i went to this store. They fixed me up, got me into a better plan, and were clearly on the ball.  Nice people too.
2	This is a little late from the date of my experience. I went in last month to get with a better provider and purchase a new phone. My mom just purchased her iphone and my brother's at an incredible price with a plan. The gentleman helping me talked about the edge plan and the benefits, if which worked better for me. Now, I was directed to an iphone 5C as the price for it was just a slight bit more, and hey "it looks cooler." So I went with it, and love it. Now onto the bad:The guy had no idea what was happening after running my credit, the prices weren't matching what was advertised. The wait was ridiculous, they had a promo for the screen protector, case, and car charger for 49.99....but surprise surprise what I needed was out of stock, and my purchase took over an hour to complete. Lastly, I will admit that I did not research the phones prior to my visit (they had an affordable and reliable phone and I wanted it!) so come to find out, over a visit with my fam last week, what the C in 5C stood for. Granted my case covers my phone, but what the actual eff? I felt like this should have been something the sales guy should have mentioned.
1	Absolute worst experience ever. Been with Verizon for over ten years. Not only were they terribly unhelpful and completely unsympathetic to the problem, but the manager began to speak negatively about me before I walked out of the store.
5	David is the man!  After the manager at boca park sent me on a goose chase to resolve my issue, David quickly and effectively resolved my issue. He was personable and turned my whole experience around.  In the future should I need any assistance or accessories I will go to this store. I recommend you do too
1	My husband was gifted a Verizon iphone once we went to the store to connect it in July (Chris helped us). He mentioned that there was no fees as we did not bought the phone with them. He then mentioned that they had a promotion with the tablets and stated that because we are connecting service with them we had the option of getting it for free. He kept on mentioning that since we are opening a line we can obtain one with just including it to the iPhone plan. He also stated that because the phone was given to us we did not have a contract with Verizon and that the plan could be cancelled at anytime with no charge. It sounded like a good deal to us. He continued to say that the plan was going to be $143 and since my employer was assigned to them I had a 20% discount.  We only lasted with the service for two months as the discount never went thru and it was too much money. We ended up switching to another service provider. Two months later after cancelling service I receive a bill of $81 dollars once I called to see what it was Kelly from the Verizon call center mentioned that the charge was for the tablet that was never cancelled and I had a two yr contract. Never once was I told that I was making a two yr if I would I would have never gotten it. Also to cancel the contract it would be $155 plus what ever the bill cycle ended with. Also I mentioned to her that the only thing I signed was acknowledging that the phone will be serviced with Verizon. I am furious never once was I told that it would be a two year contract and did not receive a copy of the contract before I left I made sure that I received copies of the transaction but Chris only gave me a receipt of the purchase I made of buying a phone case and that was it. Everyone makes their own decisions but if you can PLEASE AVOID VERIZON THEY CHARGE TOO MUCH, LIE, AND DO NOT GIVE HONEST SERVICE.
1	I would give this store 0 stars if I could. What a bunch of jokes, they told me that my phone was dropping calls and having a hard time sending texts because my data is turned off. How does that make sense? I need to always have my data on to make a call...no. If you are having any problems do not go to the store.
