4	Formerly El Cancun, Maria's Mexican Restaurant is worth the trip to the corner of South & Tyvola.  The chips came out nice and warm and I don't know anywhere else you can get two ground beef tacos with a side of beans and rice for $7 that tastes like homemade Mexican cooking.  The sopapilla dessert for a little over $1, a quick little bite, is a perfect ending.This place also seems popular with "boys" if you know what I mean.  They always find the cool places first!
2	Cheap, yes. But nasty. Dull flavors, beyond cheap ingredients. There's veg fare to be gotten here, but so much better on almost every other corner in this part of town.Kind of amazing to me that even tho they're smack dab in the middle of Burrito Way that they continue to do business - hit Maria's around lunchtime and you'll find the explanation: mostly gringos, slurping up the watered down salsa, ordering the 5 dollar lunch special and leaving 1 dollar tips. No, gracias.
3	While I am still fairly new to the Mexican food scene I have to say Marias is some of the best I have had. I went during a lunch rush on a Friday. I have to disagree with Julia S. in saying it is packing with gringos. My friend and I were the extreme minority in this case. For the first time I felt embarrassed that I didn't speak Spanish, because every other patron in the restaurant did.That being said, had an enchilada, burrito, some tacos, and everything was incredible. Tasted very fresh, chips were good, but the salsa did leave something to be desired. Can't wait to return and try some other things on the menu!
2	Yes, this place was kind of lame.The salsa was unmemorable, and that's a crying shame.I got a spinch-y burrito of sorts, which was less than amazing... the spinach didn't taste particularly fresh... but at least the whole thing was drenched in cheese - a plus.Considering the wealth of other Mexican restaurants in town, I doubt I'll return.
5	Order the Chilequilles - you will be glad you did!  YUM!!
4	Maria's is where I go when I want some good cheap traditional Mexican food! It is a great place that always has good service and is owned and operated by Maria who is super nice.... really good food and daily drink specials!!
2	nothing special. nothing authentic. bad service. tasteless. I wanted lengua...they don't have anything special.
3	Disclaimer -- I am very picky about my mole. Was craving mole so I thought I'd give Maria's a try. Ordered the enchilladas ranchero which is drizzled in mole. It was ok. The refried beans were excellent and so too was the salsa. The menu did look wonderful though so I will be back.
4	We go to this place all the time great food and service. Cheap and good food....always bring our daughter a lollipop everytime and she knows it. They also walk her around and they do this with alot of regulars children....Try the Texan Burrito!
4	Clean, solid restaurant.  Previous reviews had me skeptical about eating here , but a random conversation about favorite restaurants with people we met at Flying Biscuit pushed me over the edge.  To clear things up, this place is not nasty at all.  Its nicer than I remember it which says a lot for an old building at the corner of South B and Tyvola.  Very friendly and happy to be there staff.  The chips were ok, could have been better, salsa was fine.  My wife is the cheese dip queen and it passed her standards.  What I liked most about this place was that the menu had both more traditional dishes and a large Tex-Mex combos section as well.  I had carnitas while my wife had the 2 enchilada 1 taco combo.  So I got to try both worlds (even though I lean towards the traditional I got love for a cheese enchilada!).  My carnitas were flavorful and well cooked.  The meat had a little more fat than I liked, but I simply picked around it.  And I'm sure that the fat is where the flavor came from.  The meat was served covered with grilled onions that enhanced the flavor further.  The chicken taco from the combination dinner was really good - the chicken was shredded and juicy.  Cheese and chicken enchiladas were both solid.  I won't be bringing my parents or banker here, but my wife and I will be back soon.  Next time I will be getting the chilequilles.
5	This restaurant is one of the best values in Charlotte. The food is genuine, tasty and well prepared, the waitstaff is super friendly and efficient, and the prices are very reasonable. My husband and I have been going here regularly for almost 3 years and we still love it. We have lived and worked in 5 different countries including in Europe, Latin America and the US. This place is pretty unique and the top shelf margaritas are better than what you will find elsewhere too. They also speak Spanish as well as English. If you are Latino/a and feel homesick for your language, or if you are a gringo/a who would like to brush up on your Spanish (or just speak plain old English), while knocking back a few beers or margaritas with some good Mexican food, without breaking your budget, this is the place!
3	Cheap and fast...great for my wallet and quick gratification for my rumbly tummy! They have a menu online for the quick order-to-go. The food is good and of large portion. I'll have to try dining in next time and update the eating in experience. Until then, it'll be my reliable, solid "to go" Mexican food spot.
4	Not a taqueria but more of a real sit down restaurant which usually means ungodly portions. Maria did not disappoint. I ordered the choripollo which is chicken breasts covered in chorizo covered in cream. When I asked the waitress whether to get that or a more expensive shrimp dish, with no hesitation she said choripollo.It was decadently rich and think and unfortunately a bit too salty and I'm pretty ok with a pretty large amount of salt. Still when you need some real stick to your ribs mexican food in Charlotte, Maria's has been my favorite so far.
5	Best Mexican Food In Charlotte And Ive Eaten At Alot. Chicken And Cheese Enchildas Rancheras Is Like No Other!!!
4	Great service! If you are a fan of VERY low-key Mexican food, this should hit the spot. Greasy spoon Mexican restaurant at the intersection of South Blvd and Tyvola Rd, it is a bit difficult to get in and out of the parking lot. I have never been there when it is crowded for lunch. I can usually get in, eat and pay within 20 minutes. Seriously, they are that fast, which is good if you are on a time crunch. I've tried mostly vegetarian dishes and they are all tasty and just what you want from a small Mexican lunch place. Cheesy, no skimping on the beans and fresh cut avocado for a very small charge by request.
4	I LOVE this place. A friend of mine took me here a year ago, with a promise of the best sweet tea I've ever had in a restaurant. This wound up being 90% true. lol All in all, nice staff that isn't annoying. They explain the menu pretty well, and don't rush you through your meal. I try something different every time I go (every 2 months or so), and haven't had a bad meal yet. I try and bring a new friend every time I go, and they all go back, even without me. So yeah. lol Good food, fast service, comfortable space, EXTREMELY REASONABLE PRICES. It's right next door to Punta Cana, and I've had both, I prefer Maria's.
4	Ahh finally a small AUTHENTIC Mexican spot! Its not the best Mexican I had, but its authentic and pretty decent.  Free fresh trips and salsa riight when you get in and if you speak spanish the waitress will joke with you.  The best part about this place is the price! I think for a beer and an entree it was like $9.  There a ton of options for anyone. Its a small quiet place with nothing to exciting in terms of decorating, but dont worry about that.  Good food, awesome price, and fast service. Definitely try it
3	Don't be mislead but the unattractive exterior of this place.  It's a solid stop for Mexican food.  I've been here a few times and really can't say a bad thing about it other than it's a bit tough to get in and out of from the parking lot since it is situation at a light on a rather busy South Boulevard.The service is always good and they have solid menu choices.  The whole place is very similar to any other middle of the road Mexican joint you've been to.  My suggestion is go in without any real high expectations and you'll be fine.
5	How could a person from Ohio find and be back to Maria's so many times he wants to write a nice review? That's an interesting story. Let's just say it has something to do with the proximity to the Airport and a friend who runs me over to this place between intentionally scheduled long layovers... so we can see each other for a few minutes and eat here.I believe I've hit the five meal mark at Marias in the past year... every time tasty. Every time good service... and that hug on New Year's day from our favorite server was just one component of a great getaway. I've taken quite a liking to this place. The food's pretty darned good, the margaritas just what you need before take-off and the staff? Awesome.It's one of those small family owned places I seek when I want great Mexican food. Kudos to my friend for turning me on to this place - I really love coming here.PS: DO NOT EXPECT UPSCALE IN ANY WAY. Kick back.
4	One of my favorites for cheap, fast and tasty Mexican! It's definitely low-key and casual, but for a scrumptious chimichanga with terrific queso and a heavy-on-the-tequila margarita, this place has it all!
3	After reading a recent review, and not having been to Maria's in years, I had to check it out. Upon arrival, we were greeted, seated, and served chips and salsa immediately. The chips were fresh & warm, however the salsa was a little runny, as was the guacamole a little creamy, for my liking. However, the fajitas, and combo meals we ordered were fresh, warm, and delivered quickly. The service was great and everyone is very friendly...and the prices are awesome. I will be back.
4	This place is pretty good for an $8 plate of 2 tacos with rice and beans. The meat was a little too salty, as was the rice...but the refried beans were home made, and not out of a can or out of a package. The avocado was fresh in the guacamole--however it was only smashed avocado: no seasoning, no jalapeno, no garlic, onion or tomato. Chips were fresh and hot. My daughter had Maria's special which was a taco, chalupa (tostada), enchilada, tamale and relleno (just some deep fried ground beef and cheese). The sauce on the tamale was cloaento hot dog chili....but the mole on the enchilada was home made. The tostada was perfect. The service was great...our waitress was very personable and helped me find their hottest sauce--the Diablo sauce. It had a little spice to it. :-)For someone who comes from New Mexico, this was as close to "home" as I have seen yet! Now they just need some red and green chile!!
5	One way you can tell if the food is good is if the actual type of people that eat there are that nationality.  Well here is a place that has great food, really nice waitresses and inexpensive cuisine.  You can get a ton of food under $10 and Chips and salsa galore!  the drink specials are great there too!
5	Maria's is a great family restaurant with friendly employees who make you feel right at home.  My daughter and I tried Maria's a couple of months ago and we've been going every week since.  You quickly build a friendship with the staff and they are always happy to see us and give my daughter a big hug.  We felt like family.  The food is great especially for the price.  I suggest the burrito texano with the shredded beef.  The flavor in the shredded beef is incredible!  My daughter loves the kids steak burrito with rice. Maria's is amazing!
1	Maria's used to be the place my household went to on a weekly basis. We spent a few months away and come back only to be disappointed. My tacos al carbon was rubbery meat in stale flour tortillas. No queso fresco, no onions, no cilantro. The refried beans looked unappealing and still had the tinny taste of the can. My rice was so hard I could have put it in a bag and resold it at the store.My roommate got a combo of a tostada, beef taco, and a Mexican stew burrito. There was sauce from the burrito everywhere that made everything else a soggy mess. He also said that it had no real flavor.The bf ordered.the chicken fajita taco salad. Instead he was given a regular chicken taco salad. It was also so soggy that it fell apart on first contact with a fork.Maria's has also expanded the menu and it doesn't do them any favors. It is the same fare you can find at any hole in the wall and none of it is authentic. Another strike against them is that they are now charging for soda refills. This I could understand if they were doling out individual cans but they aren't. So it now costs 2.25 for your first glass and a dollar every glass after that.We will no longer be frequenting Maria's.
4	When looking for a Mexican spot, you will not go wrong picking Maria's over the rest...Lunch Specials are truly special. They combine great taste to a price so low that it does not match... On average a lunch special would go for $6 (usually under!). Order some water and you are well under an average price lunch outing.If you are feeling like eating mexican and your around the area... Visit Maria's and i'm pretty sure you'll leave with a belly full smile.Buen Aprovecho! (Enjoy!)
4	The tilapia is very flavorful and the dish is beautiful. The Jardin vegetarian plate is delish as well
4	The food here was very good, albeit FILLING. It was nice to have a number of vegetarian options to choose from. I thought the salsa was very good. It was spicy but I like spicy. Beers were $2.50 - a soda was $2. I would pick a beer over a soda any day anyway - but being frugal as I am, how could I possibly say no! I ate so much I thought I might be sick - but it was my fault, and not the food. No one forced me to clean my plate but I did anyway; a testament to how much I enjoyed it!
4	Best Margirita & Service in Charlotte! Fresh Fresh Fresh Food at Great Prices~
3	One of the usual South Boulevard (aka Burrito Way) Mexican restaurants, Maria's is at the corner near Tyvola. Popping in after lunch, it was quiet. Chips and salsa, as usual.I had the enchilada and taco combo, which with a drink was less than $10. It was decent and flavorful. And no different than any other Mexican restaurant north or south by a mile or two.
3	I have to say that after reading a few reviews of Maria's I was interested in tasting their food. The general consensus is just about on the money. From my experience, I am going to have to rate Maria's as average.     The Atmosphere -- After reading a previous critic review, I can see that it indeed, was formerly an Arthur Treachers, lamp post signage and all. Walking in, you're greeted with bright colors, and faux leather lined booths. I have to say, as a word of warning, be careful not to sit too fast, as the benches are a bit soggy and you'll drop with a thump onto the wood below.     The Menu -- The one thing that I can really note about this menu is that it's big. Really big. There's a lot on it, with all of the food that non-spanish people have come to expect from Mexican food. Everything involves cheese, sour cream, or some kind of sauce. Not that it's bad, in fact it's exactly what most people have come to expect from Mexican.
5	One of the best authentic Mexican restaurants in Charlotte. Elaine and Maria are great and give u a hug and kiss when you walk in. I love their burrito bravo with chicken and shrimp and the carnitas are amazing as well. Great prices with lots of lunch specials even on the weekends
4	Hands down the best Mexican restaurant I have found in Charlotte.  The food is consistently good, the prices are reasonable and the service is good.  You should give it a try.  you won't be disappointed.
4	I LOVE Maria's! It is a no-frills place, but the food is so good. It's also more authentic than you can get in most places around Charlotte. Food always comes out quickly, which is a plus.
1	Dreadful. I ordered the guacamole first, because that's the barometer. It was made, well, probably last week. Absolutely HORRENDOUS. I was going to order something authentic but yeah, after that, NO. The salsa was mostly water. The chips were hard. The burrito was decent. I'm not going to say it was the worst Mexican food I've ever had, but it's in the bottom three. Save your money. The only reason I'm giving it a star at all is because the beers were only $2.50.
3	The salsa taste like V8 tomato juice yuck! They charge for extra chips and salsa not unlimited like most Mexican restaurants, so no worries here of me wanting extra salsa. Really nice people with fast service. Food is delicious I ordered a beef burrito and cheese enchilada with rice yummy!
3	Cheap & easy. We go here for lots of fresh tacos fast! Endless salsa and nice staff, nothing fancy but it's good....
5	Been going here since I was a child back when it was el cancun. They always remember my favorite beer and food. The margaritas are too sweet sometimes. But more importantly, they ask how my family is whenever I go in. They have great lunch specials. And their so friendly! My Favorite  Mexican place in Charlotte by far! GET THE CARNITAS! Or fajitas. Yummmmmy!
4	After having been in Charlotte for a year Maria's has become my go to place for Mexican food.  I find myself going back every week or two and its a regular trek since its fast, its friendly and the food is authentic and consistently good.
3	This spot offers very friendly service... I was craving shredded chicken and theirs was awesome. Very well seasoned and juicy... I will be back...
