4	Yelpers, I'm concerned about this place.  It opened recently and the word has not gotten out.  The most people I have ever seen inside Lunar Golf at once is seven people - four in my party, two other customers, and the guy that worked there.  So I'm hoping I can talk you into giving it a try, because it's not sustainable with this level of interest.  Otherwise, it'll close its doors and become yet another shuttered storefront inside struggling Metrocenter Mall.Why it's better than nearby Castles 'n' Coasters (CnC) :- AIR CONDITIONING.- Eight bucks per person (same price) BUT each person gets to play up to three rounds.  So if you have some time to burn, you can play a lot of mini golf.  Might I recommend at least one round of "speed mini golf"?  Play one hole at a time with the winner determined by who putted out the fastest according to a stopwatch (no hitting the ball again until it's stopped).  You have to move and putt quickly without rushing your shots.  We did that for our second round and had a blast.- Sweet, sweet air conditioning.- A "prize hole" once you're done golfing where you can win three free rounds for next time (one person in our party did).- You don't feel like you're sweating nonstop.- Much less crowded ;)- It's not over 100 degrees.- Blacklights! (if you're into blacklights and seeing people's teeth look funny)What's not quite as good:- Two courses (as opposed to four, but this is still two more AIR-CONDITIONED courses than CnC).  - The decor is all mostly the same - lots of glow paint that looks neat under the blacklights, but CnC has a little more variety.- It seems "foggy" inside for some reason, you'll think you're developing glaucoma but I think this is just the blacklight effect.  I recommend occasionally looking out at the storefront (and into the brightly lit mall) to reassure yourself that you're not slowly going blind.- Parts of the carpet (not on the course) are coming up and you can't see well enough to avoid a little tripping.  But that adds to the adventure, right?- All of the golf balls are the same color (because they're glow-in-the-dark golf balls).  EDIT: Turns out this was just a lazy worker one night.  They have different-colored golf balls - if you get all the same color, demand golf ball diversity!The pros definitely outweigh the cons (looks like 8-4 - and if you think I'm cheating by counting air conditioning four times, you have NEVER lived through a Phoenix summer).  Give this place a chance.  And do it soon, otherwise you may have missed your opportunity!
4	This place is pretty decent for it's price and what they offer. I came here because I had purchased a voucher. It is inside a mall and there is only 2 courses with 18 holes each, but you get to play 3 games. They've got great paintings on the walls (glow-in-the-dark). I would have to pick this place out versus playing mini golf outside in the heat. I did come back here again while I was babysitting and they enjoyed the place. The kids really liked the fact it was glow-in-the-dark and the paintings.Doesn't seem like many people come here...I would suggest to check it out.
1	This place... Oh, this place. Kids have fun and that's what really matters...The courses themselves were basically made by some handy man with some 2 x 4s, tape, outdoor carpeting, paint, and tons of black lights. It is thrown together cheaply and with little regard to the fun, trick shots that make mini golf fun. There are no windmills or anything else that putt putt is known for. Albeit there are one or two holes with a tunnel or loop... But they are so cheesy! In addition to the course being pure cheese, the people running it aren't paying much attention. There is no delay in start times so everyone is holding on top of each other. The front desk should pay attention to that rather than just take people's money. And they're not even very good at doing that. I paid and had to ask for our balls and an adult club. The gentleman gave me the third degree because he didn't remember me paying a mere few seconds before. He was friendly, but the lights were on & no one was home, you know? You also have various loitering of teenagers around the 9th hole. They were literally sitting on the course & the staff or their parents doesn't feel the need to make them move. Of course, the parents would have to be the ones to make them move because there were no other members of the staff anywhere to be found, except at the front desk. Too bad my daughter won another free game on the prize hole at the end because I really don't want to ever come back.
