4	This morning I saw a review for Pho Avina in the Republic.. well the Republic isn't always a reliable source but for me Ive been all about the Vietnamese fare. It just so happens this week I'm house sitting on the west side so decided to have an early dinner on my way out. What's funny is this place is right on the edge of my old stomping grounds. My elementary school is just a few blocks from there.. of course there were memories of my first kiss.. my first girlfriend.. none of which actually took place there but hey memories, cant control 'em.I decided that I was going to be hungry for a Vietnamese sandwich called Bahn Mi as well as a bowl of soup, pho. Got the sammie, the special with pork roll, cilantro, cucumber, jalapeo, pickled carrots and daikon on crusty French bread. This was very satisfying.. while not as great as Da Vang it held its own. I also ordered the Vietnamese style beef stew called Bun Bo Ko.. thick tender chunks of beef in a rich and complex broth served with cilantro, lime, bean sprouts and jalapeo along with vermicelli noodles. This was off the hook tasty! The flavors were sweet, savory, slightly spicy and YUM-E!  The service is very friendly and welcoming. The interior won't win any design contests but here, its all about the food!They take plastic.. this is always an important aspect to me as I rarely carry cash..
5	I found Pho Avina while driving by it almost every day. I didn't know that there was a Vietnamese cuisine there. I always go to Da Vang or Thao's Sandwiches. I really like their food and service. They are very nice. Their spring rolls and Bi Coun are good. Delicious! I like their Pho but not as much as the other places. I really like their rice selection. They have tons of choices. What I like about their rice selection is that it comes with the BBQ pork. Shredded Pork Skin, Fried Egg (rare in Phoenix, I think), and crab cake (I think that is what it is called). Other places will only have the meat, shredded pork skin  and rarely the crab cake.I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is willing to try food that is not American!
4	Pho Avina is a lovely casual little place for excellent Vietnamese food.  The food is fresh, and delightful.  The menu is extensive and has all the traditional Vietnamese dishes I expected.   In addition to Pho, they serve other noodle (rice noodle and saigon noodle) and rice dishes as well as appetizers and salads. Under no circumstances would I compare it to Cyclo.  Cyclo is not a traditional Vietnamese restaurant... Pho Avina is.  I would compare the variety and quality to Saigon Pho on Alma school, which is one of my favorite restaurants.  They also have a nice selection of boba drinks.  I had a coconut one this time. I have had Avocado, Coffee, and mango as well.  So far, coconut is my favorite.  I think next time I will try taro.  mmmmm.... so good. I was so enamored with this place that I expect to stop there on the way home from work at least once every week or 2.I need to add this note now..... since I first reviewed this place, it has become a real favorite of mine.  I stop here at least 1 or 2 times a week, and when I do, I often run into friends who learned about the place from me.  I'm headed there for dinner tonight.
4	Unfortunately, I've only ordered from here twice, so I'm not sure if they've changed anything since then.what I know is that the ginger catfish is superdelectable, and with the rice soaked in the sauce from the fish...mmm...so great! and the owner was quite friendly, as well.
3	At last, I made it to Pho Avina. I have no excuse for waiting so long. It's only 1/2 mile from my house. Bad, bad me. I had a sudden change in dinner plans, so I exploited this as my perfect opportunity to swing by and get some pho to go.First impressions = good. Pretty busy on a Friday evening. I was immediately and enthusiastically greeted and offered a menu. I really wanted to try an entree. But, it being my first time there, I had to go for the pho. I was stoked to see they had boba tea. I have been dying to try it. I ordered honeydew, and it was absolutely delicious. As I waited, I happily sipped it while watching a muted basketball game on the TV.Now here's my issue. When I got home, I had to immediately leave again. I wolfed down my sweet potato pancake (yummy, sweet, fried, pineappley goodness!), and stuffed everything else in the fridge to be consumed later.After a night of crazy shenanigans, I was so, so ready for that soul-satisfying pho, only to be very dismayed to find that they had already put the beef and shrimp in the broth when I placed my order. Now they were tough and overdone. Not only that, the garnish bag was stuffed full of cilantro (yuck!), and one sad little twig of thai basil -- my favorite part).It was still OK. The broth was tasty, if a bit oily. But I thought it lacked complexity. The whole poor-packaging thing kind of put a downer on the meal. I will have to try it again and dine-in, in order to give a totally fair assessment.
4	Every culture has their comfort soup.  American's have chicken noodle, Mexican's have menudo and Vietnamese have pho.  I must have been Vietnamese in a past life. Pho is the national dish of Vietnam and a staple at any Vietnamese restaurant and Pho Avina has some of the best pho around.  Let me warn you - this isn't an appetizer, this is a meal.  A big, steaming bowl of soup served with your choice of meat and noodles in a savory, almost sweet, broth.  The pho is served with a large plate of fresh basil, cilantro and bean sprouts; the cilantro complimented the soup nicely.  I chose the chicken and shrimp and was pleasantly surprised with large shrimp and big chunks of all white chicken. My eyes were bigger than my stomach, so I also ordered the deluxe vermicelli salad.  A salad of noodles, veggies, beef, chicken, shrimp, eggroll, sweet potato cake and fish sauce - toss together and enjoy.  I had it boxed up, but did nibble on a few items and the sweet potato cake is out of this world good. I had come for the banh mi at the recommendation of a previous yelper.  They only serve the sandwiches Monday-Friday from 11-3; I had just missed them.  Darn.  I will definitely be back to try the banh mi and a boba, there were soooo many delicious flavors to choose from except for the fresh durian - icky, icky, icky.
5	Their Boba is the best I have yet to find near me in 85027! They are a bit out of the way still but worth the drive when I make it there. Taro boba the best....and they even have the authentic melted-on plastic lids for their cute lil cartoon encrested cups!
5	First of all, I'm Vietnamese and born in Vietnam.  If any body knows pho, I know pho.  I've eaten at hundreds of places all across the country, from Orange County, CA to New York, NY including where pho itself was born...in Vietnam.  I've had numerous people tell me to go try this place out so finally I did.  I ordered the pho with just the beef(tai) and meatballs(bo vien), an order of spring rolls(goi cuon) and a boba shake.  The pho was delicious, very tasty and amazingly sweet without having any MSG added to the mix.  Thumbs up for me, the service was great and superfast and friendly.  This is where I shall eat pho this side of the valley from now on.  Only few places beat the dining experience here if you want Pho.  As for any of the other dishes they serve, I cannot comment because I have not yet tried them but will soon.
4	yes.. there is PHO in PHOenix.. (err actually glendale but my play on words wouldn't work here)i was using yelp as my handy guide to eating my way back to LA.after seeing mcdonalds and wendys every block of the drive anywhere i decided i needed to see what AZ's opinion was on vietnamese food.. i just happend to be there a couple days after Don V.'s post.. he laid out his credentials on his pho knowledge and then described it to be "The pho was delicious, very tasty and amazingly sweet without having any MSG added to the mix." i was sold the nite before.. and i couldn't wait for lunch to come sooner.. so glendale is huge.. and i had only seen the chain fast food restaurants everywhere and then we head over towards peoria and well.. damn.. it's a whole different scene.. it looks like it hasn't had a makeover like the rest of the town.. and just had a real feeling in that area.i have to say.. it really didn't knock my socks off but i've had worse pho in LA.. it's flavorful but lacking in someways.. and it was very greasy.. i don't like grease in my pho.. but i wanted to also try their spring rolls and egg rolls..it's nice they serve in smaller quantities because sometimes you don't want 5.. 2 spring rolls - $32 egg rolls - $2the egg rolls took awhile to come out but the spring rolls came out in a flash.. i didn't think too much about it and stuffed my face.. and then i looked at it again.. and there was a twinkle in my eye.. so rather than using regular pork in their spring rolls they use their grilled/bbq pork.so you get a kick in the ass flavor explosion.. then i knew i had to order the bun cha with grilled pork for the friend because.. it was the best grilled pork i've had anywhere.. and i don't even like grilled pork.they have a different sauce for the bun cha than for the egg rolls..it's got chili paste in it for a stronger kick.. i was tempted to order more spring rolls but didn't and got a thai iced tea.. they don't use as much sugar as the other thai iced teas i like.. and it wasn't as creamy as if they just used a teaspoon of milk in the glass.. it was still quite dark too.. i'm not one to complain especially if i don't know the expectations of the neighborhood.. but i'm pleased with the help i got from yelp to save me from getting #1 combo from McDs..  which means more to me than anything..
4	As a Vietnamese restaurant in Arizona, this place rocks. I've lived in San Diego and Los Angeles and have had my share of REALLY GOOD pho, so I think I sorta know what I'm talking about.Sometimes the meat in the pho is not as good, but overall good quality.Broken rice dishes and vermicelli are good as well.
5	I can't add much to everything that's already been said but this place is a winner.Service - excellentFood - excellentOwner - nice/cheerfulGinger carmelized catfish was very good.Egg rolls might have been the best I ever ate.Pho was extremely satisfying.Even their boba seems to be perfectly softened (not too hard/not too soft)Place seems to have a lot of people working there and shows all the signs of a richly deserved success.
2	Everyone else seems to love this place but me. I had a very strange experience there. First off, the food was average but that wasn't my main problem. It wasn't even that the service was bad just....weird.  I eat at plenty of ethnic places so I'm used to people not understanding English but the gentleman would come to our table, pretend to take our order, leave and then the woman would come back and take it again. This happened over and over- "Can I get a refill on my soda?" man nods, woman comes back and asks what we wanted. It wasn't just us. There was a large family eating there and they were really having problems. The biggest issue for me was when I ordered something (crispy pork skin something or other) the woman looked at my date and said "That is pork skin, she won't like it. She should order something else" Uh, hello? I'm sitting right here! I think I can figure out that crispy pork skin means just that, crispy pork skin! Then I ordered some spring roll thing (Sorry, its been a couple of months now and I don't remember exactly what everything was) and again, she looks at my date and says "She'll have to roll those herself. She should order something else" WTF? Did I just become invisible or what? Trust me, lady, I have rolled plenty of my own, spring rolls and otherwise! It was one of the most bizarre experiences I have ever had in a restaurant in the states. I've been in other countries where I was systematically ignored in favor of speaking to the man I was with but not in my own neighborhood! So, personally, I'll stick w/Little Saigon in a cute little house in Old Town Glendale where I'm dotted on by the flamboyant waiter and the food is better.
5	I'm trying to cut down on the number of places that I give five stars to and only give that if a business really, really deserves it, but I have to give five stars to Pho Avina.  They have the best Vietnamese food that I've found in the valley, and I've tried the majority of the Vietnamese restaurants in the heavily Asian part of Chandler (Cyclo, Pho Van, Anise, etc.).  The pho here is absolutely terrific and is really packed full of flavor.  The other dishes I've tried have also all been fantastic, and everyone I've taken here has absolutely loved it.  Seriously, nobody has had a bad dish or a bad experience.  The staff is extremely friendly and if you have questions about anything, they'll spend as much time as you need helping you out, even though it might be in slightly broken English.  Add on to all of this that you can get a huge bowl of pho for $7 and there's really nothing bad that can be said about this place.Guess what else?  They have boba tea.  I was concerned that when I was living in North Phoenix for a few weeks I wouldn't be able to get boba tea as easily as I could in Chandler, but Pho Avina once again saves the day.  Their boba is a little bit softer than I prefer, but it's still good and definitely worth getting.Finally, if you're feeling really adventurous, Pho Avina has both durian boba tea and durian ice cream.  I haven't checked, but they may even be able to bring you a small plate of durian if you ask nicely.  For those who don't know, durian is a fruit that grows in Southeast Asia and is known for having one of the most foul odors of anything in the world.  Durians smell so bad that some Asian countries have banned them from subways and other public places, similar to smoking bans.  People either love them or hate them - I personally think durian tastes like a mix of rotten onions and garlic, so I'm not a big fan.  A friend of mine thinks they taste like a mix of feet and death and actually instantly threw up the first time he bit into a piece of the fruit.  Still though, some people absolutely love durian, and it's definitely something worth trying once in your life.This place has it all, and although I'm moving out of Phoenix in just a few days, I'm going to make damn sure that I visit Pho Avina every time I come back.
3	What can I say about Avina.. Well, this was the second time I've eatin here. My boyfriend and I ate here on Saturday afternoon, the place was very comfortable, almost all the tables were filled. We started off with an order  of  Spring Rolls and Egg Rolls. They both were just "OK" nothing to write home about!!   Then followed up with #34..42...49.. I know sounds like a lot of food, which it was, we took some for left overs. My boyfriend and I shared The Pho (#34) and  with a touch of 'Sriacha" (my favorite Chili hot sauce) it was delicious, I would definitely come back and order that again in a heart beat! My dish was the #49 It was good,. It had great proportions of meat and noodles,  yet it was missing something.. I don't know what it was, it  just wasn't satisfying my 'Foodie' palate.. don't get me wrong it was good, I"m sure others would like it...But......Well,  Lets put it this way,  My "Foodie" radar wasn't going into over drive. lol. My boyfriends # 42, he though was 'OK' he wasnt a huge fan, but enjoyed it.   We  have a little tradition between him and I, the second we get into the car, we  rate the "OVER ALL" experiance (Food, Prices, Customer Serivce, Ect).. We both agreed on a 7 out of 10The great thing about this restaurant is the prices. With ordering half the damn restaurant. lol.. our bill was only $32. so we cant complain, we did get a lot of food, for our buck.  I can tell you I will eat their again, Yet I wont be trying to run anyone over to get their! :)
1	All I have to say is this place could only feed children, the portions are for 5 year olds. I just got so upset when I got my food, I didn't even want to eat it. The taste of the food is okay, but there is really no point in eating at a restaurant that cannot even remotely fill you up.
4	I have been eating at Avina's since it was located on Bell rd.  The owners are friendly and always remember you.  I love the Bun (Rice Vermicelli with salad and fish sauce), the sweet potato cake and the spring rolls.
3	I met Craig W here for lunch today.  We both had egg rolls.  I had pho with sliced beef and shrimp.  Craig had a vermicelli stew of some sort and a Boba drink.  I was full but not stuffed, Craig could not finish his.  When it comes to Vietnamese food I am still learning how to pick what I want and add stuff to make it my creation without overwhelming the taste of how it started.  I liked what I had and will most certainly return to try something else.  We arrived towards the end of lunch hour and there was a large party in the center of the restaurant and we got the only free table.  I think they understand lunch hours and did a good job of getting us served quickly.
3	I'm always really hesitant to review places that are literally across the street from ASU West (where I take classes and work) because I worry that my opinion of the business is skewed by its convenience, but to hell with parliamentary procedure, I've got to russle up some FUC's!At the computer lab at West we have a whole drawer of our office dedicated to take out menus. It is as expansive as it is useless, because the answer is always "something Asian". The only times we've ever used one of the many pizza menus we have is when our bosses offer to buy us lunch, because we fear letting them know what food we really like will give them some sort of power over us. So yesterday John S (who is Clarice's boyfriend but was my +1 for the yelp event, what's with that?) and I were doing our usual lunchtime shuffle, passing around menus for Chen Wok and Fu-Sing Garden. We came across a menu for Pho Avina. We initially saw the word "pho" and collectively agreed that Pholicious sounded like a brilliant idea, but we were looking for takeout and the staff at Pholicious is so awesome to me on a regular basis that I'd hate to dis them by walking in, giving them an order, and then loitering outside while they made it for me. Thankfully, John solved my culinary quandary by mentioning that he really liked the boba at Pho Avina. The last time I had boba I liked was at a Quickly! in the bay almost two years ago. The Lollicup near my house, which was promoting itself as if it's shit didn't stink but had weird, unpredictable hours and always managed to be "out" of boba whenever I was really craving it. So Pho Avina it was.Ordering was only a minor travesty. The restaurant is so tiny and compact that the only place to put their register/takeout counter is right next to the path of the servers, so in the couple of minutes it took us to place our order we managed to obstruct every other employee working there. Thankfully, despite the complaints of my fellow yelper girls, I wear heels about 90 percent of the time, which makes me I'm easy to spot and never surprise someone turning a corner. If they run into me it's because they're jerks and want to see if I'll say "excuse me" and give away my gender. Puny non-yelpers. The mighty Jetta is not fooled by your nonsense.We spent the fifteen minute waiting period out and about the strip mall, reading The New Times and visiting the nearby gaming store which I'm going to yelp anyway despite not buying anything. 15 minutes isn't a bad waiting time for egg noodle soup and boba. I've waited longer for a cheezburger and shake. Oh jesus, did I just spell "cheeseburger" with a z? I know I should correct it, but I feel compelled to leave it there. the internet has permanently fucked my cognitive language skills. I ordered the #41 (egg noodle, shrimp, crab, calamari) and a coconut boba. John ordered the old school "beef and rice noodle" pho and a taro boba which he could not describe the flavor of and whenever asked how it was or how it tasted kept thrusting it in my face and telling me to try some. The sense of urgency in his voice didn't compel me to want to take that leap.The takeout arrangement was both clever, convenient, and troublesome. In our bag were two styrofoam cups of soup, little baggies of warm noodles, and a ziploc of cilantro, sprouts, peppers, and limes. While this made taking our lunch back to the office quick and easy, it did cause some problems in unloading its contents. The noodles, while still warm, were beginning to stick to each other and solidify, which made stuffing it in the cup of broth rather difficult, especially when the noodles didn't separate once submerged. The portions of noodles were relatively small, and I ended up having to put in handfuls of sprouts just to adequately fill the cup, which itself was modest at best. I know I would've gotten more if we had ordered dine-in. I don't mean to sound like another one of those portion-obsessed Americans, but with work and school and Aramark's price-gouging at our cafeteria, my lunch has to hold me over for the whole day. And this didn't work out for me.The food (what little of it was there), was actually quite tasty. The squid was chewy, the crab meat tasted real, and the two shrimp that were in there were pretty massive. The broth was hands down the best part. I could drink a whole bowl of that shit. But won't. Because too much sodium is never fun.I realized waaaaaay after the fact that what we had ordered was not in fact boba milk tea but in fact "snow bubble milk tea" (i.e. frozen boba). The pearls were frozen solid and hard to chew and more than one my straw did the "McDonald's Choke" where the contents became so cold they would not submit to the vacuum I was creating. Eventually I just let it sit on my desk for a half hour where it melted and was then delicious.[Joke about how lesbians aren't as good at sucking things as other people has been omitted. Yay self-censoring!]
4	I've been back a couple of times since my first review, and the results were much more positive. I found that if you order pho to go, you can ask them to package the meat separately, as long as you swear to cook it right away. I did so, and the pho was much tastier when prepared fresh.Another time, determined to branch out from pho, I ordered the special catfish. Normally, I'm not a huge fan of bottom feeders. They get that muddy flavor to them. But not this catfish! It tasted clean and fresh, and it had a light, crispy breading on it. The whole dish was fantastic. I also still adore their melon boba tea. I tried the taro one time, and it was OK. But melon is where it's at. My only criticism is that the boba pearls have a slightly gritty texture.
3	With competition at a bare zero, Pho Avina provides that quick pho fix that is almost as necessary as heroin is to an addict. The soup definitely has some characteristics but ultimately lacks any oomph. The meat portions are on the chintzy side and the spring rolls are a pass. The service is above standard and there definitely is a family feel. Is it worth visiting? Carbon footprint-wise absolutely. But is it really enough to merely alleviate that craving or does it need to blow you away like it was your first time every time?
4	I've never had pho before, so i can't compare this place to anywhere else (hence only 4 stars), but i thoroughly enjoyed my food. For the record i ordered the meatball and shrimp pho.  if i had anything to do over, i would have ordered more spring rolls.  they were fantastic!  We went on Saturday for dinner and it was relatively slow.  The service was at a perfect pace and friendly.   it will definitely be a common stop.
5	Although I live in Michigan these days, I still spend about 20% of my time in Phoenix.  Every time I visit, I make sure I go to Pho Avina at least once or twice.  This is seriously one of my favorite restaurants anywhere, I can't say a single negative thing about it.  The food never fails to amaze me - every meal I've had here has been nothing short of fantastic.  The portions are also very generous, and the food is incredibly inexpensive considering how good it is.One other thing I have to point out is how awesome the staff is here.  Everyone has always been so friendly and has taken time to answer any questions I might have.  I absolutely love their Vietnamese coffee (I get it black, without condensed milk), and I've never been able to figure out how they make it so flavorful and amazing.  On my last visit to Pho Avina, I asked one of the servers if he could tell me how they make their coffee, realizing that they might not want to disclose their secrets.  He showed me how to use a Vietnamese coffee maker (different from other kinds of coffee makers), wrote down the brand name of the coffee they use (Trung Nguyen), and told me where in Phoenix I could buy both the maker and the coffee.  I was blown away by how forthcoming he was with information and how helpful he was, as many places probably wouldn't do this.One thing I can say is to make absolutely sure that you eat at the restaurant.  Take out will not be the same, as pho needs to be made and eaten immediately - even a 10 minute wait can have a really drastic impact on its flavor.
1	Had to write this review.I had been to Pho Avina quite few times and thought it was good not great in comparison to a few other places in the area.  The convenience in location brought us back, even though it seemed like their portions were getting smaller and smaller.Today we ordered a takeout and I found a a cut fingernail in my noodle soup.  I can't tell if its a finger or a toenail, but it still makes me sick thinking that I ate some of it.Its too bad because the mom here seems like such a nice sweet person, but somewhere along the line, whether its the cook or someone by the takeout boxes, someone is cutting their nails where they shouldn't.I obviously will no longer go there and suggest no one go there either.
4	I had lunch here last week and it was very good. I started with spring rolls and had a bun. Service was good and the food was great. I will be back again when I'm on this side of town.
4	This is a great little restaurant in a somewhat boring strip mall.  Service was great and the decor was very fitting.  I liked the food, but didn't fall in love with it.  It could be my taste buds, I'm not sure.  However, during my visit there were many other patrons who appeared to be Vietnamese dining at the same time.  To me this is a good sign so if you're looking to try this place out I'd say give it a shot.
4	I just moved to Glendale from Northern California, where Pho restaurants are accessible within a mile radius of where I used to live and work. I was craving some home cooked goodness, but since my mom wasn't here to make a stew pot of pho that could feed me for weeks, I decided to try this place with a friend who heard it was the best pho in town. For starters, walking in, it definitely looked like a Vietnamese joint with the cheap looking chairs, hoison sauce and sriracha sitting on a lazy susan on the side of the table with the typical utensils necessary for pho. I'm kind of used to walking into a pho place and coming out smelling like it, and as much as I was happy to come across this place, it was a bit of a bummer that I couldn't smell the soup from the parking lot. The pho was good, not great or what I'm used to, but it hit the spot. I'm taking off one star for two reasons. Pho shouldn't be served with shrimp ( I don't know who decided to put that in) but it definitely aint tradition. And the second reason was that the Vietnamese Crepes that I dream about eating when I go home for the holidays tasted borderline nasty. I don't know if it was the grease or just the flavor, but I was a bit bummed that this didn't taste better. My friend can attest that I was very excited to order this to go for dinner!I think that the rest of the food probably tastes good. I think I want to try their spicy beef noodle and chicken pho. It could have been hit or miss with what I ate that day. I definitely like the service that we got. Some places kind of rush you to get in, eat, and get out, but here, they came by and refilled our water, and checked to make sure everything was ok, so two thumbs up for that!I'm still on the hunt for the best pho place in town, so if anyone knows of one, wanna shoot me a line??
4	I frequent this place probably once every other week for lunch with coworkers.  Unassuming and usually quite full during lunch, this place is great for cheap, filling, and delicious eats.I would highly recommend the Oxtail Pho Soup, it is personally my favorite.My only complaint is that the service is sometimes spotty and if you need to use the restroom, there may be a wait as to access it, you need to walk through the kitchen, where health code requires that the ladies stop their food preparation before you walk through.
2	A trip to Pho Avina is a trip worth forgetting about. Swung by this joint for a Saturday lunch, the place was packed, with a schmeezly one server for +10 tables. Questionable spring rolls with peanut sauce uncomfortably light brown and milky..luke warm broth in my bowl of pho (should be piping!)... and flagging down the server to order, to get water, to get a check, to get back a check was NOT cool at all. Yes, I may be critical because of my Southern California descent, but I know it doesn't take a rocket scientist to make a decent spring roll or hire more servers when clearly needed. X-NAY!
4	I've been going to this place since it was  at the old location. It's exactly what a small ethnic eatery should be. Great food, great service, low prices. The folks who run this place really care about their customers and are always friendly. Whenever I go to a Vietnamese restaurant I always order the Pho and this is good. The Pho Ga is fresh and tasty. The fragrant broth, cilantro, basil and tangy sauce can really get addictive. It's great for lunch or a quick dinner.
4	I found this looking just at reviews and it is worth the high marks. I stopped for takeout since pizza sounded boring. We got the fried special catfish, chicken curry, egg noodle and spring rolls and it was all delicious. Very nice owners and very authentic Pho. Don't let the strip mall fool you this is a gem.
4	My new cold remedy - Chicken Pho.I walked in on a Saturday at about 11:30am. The small dining area was packed with a diverse crowd.I ordered Thai Iced Tea, Spring Rolls and Chicken Pho. The spring rolls were fresh and tasty, but I was not feeling well and looking forward to the Pho.Within 10 minutes, a large steaming bowl of Chicken Pho was placed in front of me. While there were plenty of noodles, there wasn't much meat. Still, it was delicious and it hit the spot. After a few dashes of Chili Sauce, I was also feeling much better.The food was good and cheap, the staff was friendly and I have since visited again with my husband.
2	We've been going to Avina's on and off for over 12 years. This has always been one of my favorite places to get chicken curry and spring rolls.  Unfortunately, I need to echo what others have recently written. The service and flavors were nothing like what they used to be. Spring rolls had been prepared a long while before and were very dry and unappetizing. Chicken curry had a few bits of chicken, weak curry flavor and lots of soup with little substance. The eggrolls were all crunch with nearly nothing inside.  I would have given it 1-star, but I intend to go back and try again in a few months. I like the people who run the shop and hope they turn this around. If not, then my next trip would be my last.
4	This is my favorite Vietnamese restaurant on the west side of town.I travel frequently to LA, San Fran, Seattle for work, so I appreciate the great Vietnamese places there. But this place has the best pho in Phoenix on this side of town, and for reasonable prices.I don't go as often any more because of my new focus on healthy clean food, but this place is still my place to go whenever I crave pho.
4	I give Pho Avina a 4.5 out of 5. I love going to this place. I'm addicted to their boba. The thai tea and soursop boba are my favorite. I always get spring rolls and beef or chicken pho. The service is really fast and very nice. I go to Pho Avina at least once a week to get my boba and pho fix.
5	Really great place! Good service and good food! A must go for good Pho!
5	Pho Avina's reputation couldn't be more hard earned! It's usually packed with customers to prove it! They deserve every bit of a 5 star rating! Their food is generous, and cooked with love. Their prices are modest and the menu is ripe with dishes all of such delicious properties as to make you come back and sample and savour every new choice. This place has come a long way, and it's nice to see it doing so well. Every time i come to visit my parents and friend on the west side, i have to consider this as a serious contender for that evenings meal. I hope to be back soon!!
2	The price is a little high for me.  They don't give enough bean sprouts without asking for more.  The pho broth is a little too sweet for me also
4	Found myself on the Westside and of course had to sample some well reviewed and well rated Pho! This is very nice Pho and fortunately for me I have four I ranked slightly higher that are closer to me in the East Valley, as this is very far to go for Pho. VERY nice broth, lots of meat (although a couple of pieces were a little tough) served by the little Vietnamese Lady who obviously is responsible for its delicate flavor. Beats out lots of very well regarded "Pho Joints," quite handily. Nice surprise and very close to my #3 ranked Pho Phind!
5	Everything that I've tried has been simply delicious! The sweetest people work here, and although it gets a bit busy during the popular lunch and dinner hours, it's so worth the small wait. :D Go! Right now! :) haha
3	I'd recommend this place highly for two situations:  1.) You are on the west side of town and you want some reasonably priced grub, 2.) You've never had Vietnamese food and you want to try it out in a non-intimidating environment.  For those two things, PA is awesome!   Nice people, decent food, and a very friendly environment. But their food doesn't stack up to the central Phoenix standard bearers.I suppose that their score is artificially low because of the category they are competing in.  Were they the only game in town, I suspect I would have rated them much higher - just to get my hands on a Bahn Mi every now and again.
4	Perfect for a big soup on a cold day or a refreshing boba in the middle of summer.  My favorite is #19 - Bun Rieu - a vermicelli soup with tomato, egg, pork and crab meat.  Requires a little adventure!
3	Mike L 1/1/11 review is spot on.  Broth is clear, but pho was a bit meager at especially $7.99 bowl prices (or even std cheaper Phoenix pricing).I don't think a bathroom really exists for customers, so wee or pee boys and girls before you come.
4	I drove over half an hour so I could eat here, so of course it's delicious. Probably the best Pho in town, and definitely the best variety I've seen. The Ox Tail soup is fantastic, and I've never had a bad experience. The staff is very friendly, and they think it's awesome if you're daring enough to order more traditional menu items like the special beef soup or the durian boba (which is really tasty, despite its stinkyness). The reason why I didn't give it 5 stars was because of how far it is for me to get there, so I only go maybe twice a year. If I could, I would go there all the time.
4	I LOVE this place. When I lived over here I would go here constantly, like every week. It's very small and the service isn't the fastest, but the people barely speak English, so I'm not complaining too much.It's definitely a legit Vietnamese place. The menu is huge! My favorite item is the rolls. They bring out a forest of garnishes - mint leaves, bean sprouts, carrots, etc. I always get the spicy pork. It's got nuts and chili flakes on it. Yum! They bring out the moist rice paper and away you go! The absolute best part is their peanut sauce. It's to die for. I asked for the recipe once and the little old lady (the owner) just laughed and shook her head and said, "haha no no...no." She reminded me of Superman's Hispanic maid on Family Guy.Only con is their awful bathroom set up where you have to wait until the cooks are ready for you to walk back there. Kind of annoying. And they also can't accept credit cards for less than a $10 charge.
3	My first time here, and for good reasons. I got my standard Pho. I know , it's not fair to judge a restaurant based on just one item. But Pho is quintessential of any South Vietnamese restaurant. The cook has to get this soup right or else they flunk learning their alphabets.The soup was ok. What they did right was have good crisp broth(that is not oily), a fair amount of rice noodles and superb well cut varieties of meat to go with it. Here are what they did wrong:1) The garnishment were skimpy; they must have gotten some accountant to divide the bean sprouts and gave me a dash of it . Bean sprouts are like $2 for a grocery size quantity so there is no excuse to skimp on this.... The sauces were your basic selections.2) The wait time to get the food was much longer than a average for a pho restaurant. There doesn't seem to be enough help for a room of 20 diners..3) The caption on the front of the menu says something ridiculously like" Restrooms are for guests only and you must get permission before entering it." Something like that.... I did like the interior of the places as it was clean and modern. If I look at just the food only, for which I'm basing my rating on , then the pho overall was conservatively basic but good in a wholesome sense since it is un-Americanized. It was not at all rich in flavor or memorable or in sufficient quantity. It appear to be a medium bowl... The price value was not there as I paid like $8 for it. The lady that runs this place was nice. With competitors in Phoenix,  I would encourage them to address my issues and better yet, make the pho more extravagant or offer one that is..
3	I love Pho and decided to try this place on the West side (since it is relatively close to my work).  It was clean and the service was quick and painless.  The Pho was good but not great.  I am a huge fan of Noodles Ranch in Old Town Scottsdale and Pho Avina simply does not measure up in terms of their Pho.  However, I very much enjoyed their vegetarian eggrolls which were very hot, not too greasy and had excellent flavor.  I will go back to try other items on the menu as they are very reasonably priced and their service is quick.
4	The elderly woman who works there (pictured in the reviews and photographs along the walls) is very helpful in pointing out veggie friendly items. I had the vermicelli bowl with veggies and spring rolls (no fish sauce). Quite delicious... No leftovers. My bf enjoyed his Pho Ga. For dessert I ordered the sweet potato cake with pineapple sauce which I was told was just sweet potato, flour, and water. Very good. Far too sweet as an appetizer though. Good family restaurant. Wish it was closer to la casa!
3	3.5 *The lady who cuts my hair is from Vietnam and she recommended this place when I mentioned my love for pho.  She said she really doesn't eat it very often since it's fattening (mind you I think she probably weighs about 80 lbs. so I think she needs more pho!!).I was feeling a bit under the weather so a big ol' steamin' pho bowl was right up my alley.  I arrived a few minutes before they opened and people were already outside waiting-a good sign I thought.  Upon entering I was surprised as this is probably the cleanest Vietnamese place I've ever been to-another plus!So, I order pho tai and pork egg rolls.  The service was quick, and as more patrons entered the restaurant the staff welcomed everyone as if they were long time friends.My food arrives and everything is good, the pho broth is a little bit sweet than I personally would care for but has a good complex flavor.  Ditto the egg rolls, you can tell they're homemade when they're imperfect.  I thought their prices were a bit high but I certainly left with a full stomach. Though Pho Thanh is still my favorite, I would return to Pho Avina again another bonus it's not too far from the house.
4	I take snacking to a level only attainable by few when I go to Pho Avina. Though I have eaten a full meal here, I am only going to review my favorite snack. I love getting a boba tea and the veggie spring rolls after I get out of class or when my boytoy and I go tandem-ing. The service here isn't the fastest, but I don't mind waiting for the delicious food. The peanut sauce really takes the a-ok veggie spring rolls out of this world. If I could find a discreet way to lick the sauce container after my rolls are finished, oh boy I would. The boba tea compliments the spring rolls well. My personal favorite is the coconut, but all of the other flavors I've tried are good as well. Just a quick tip: $10 minimum on all credit/debit card purchases.
3	I always just get one thing from Vietnamese places and its their rice dish with grilled pork chop and egg cake. This place does it goooood. You get a reasonable amount for the price and the fish sauce is just right.
4	I'll continue to eat here -- but the quality of the cooking hasn't been 100% consistent. (Perhaps they have two very different cooks?)
4	***This review is for their Boba Tea only***Regretfully I never got to try the Pho but when it comes to Boba in the West Valley this place takes the cake and is far superior to much of the nearby alternatives.The boba are good consistency, the flavors are all good (love the taro) and the price is very fair.
3	Pho Avina is "OK" at best. It is hard to give an accurate rating using a five star system. This place would rate a five on a scale from one to ten. However, I'm not going to be too harsh just based on the principle that there aren't many options with ethnic foods in AZ so they earn a three for that alone. I can't say the food isn't terrible, because it isn't, but it is definitely sub par from the Vietnamese that I am used to. I tried the rolls, pho and rice dishes from Avina.  Avina's fresh rolls were small, and as mentioned oddly sweet. The hoisin and peanut (that's "seafood" or "from the sea") sauce was also a strange pastel color rather than the dark purplish brown that it naturally comes in. Probably watered down.  Their fried rolls were also very plain. It was just pork in there. Not very Vietnamese/SE Asian if you ask me. What happened to pork, "wood mushroom" (I have no idea what the fuck it's called in English believe it or not), carrots, and "phun see"?  Pho is, for lack of a better term, the bread and butter of a Vietnamese place. Avina's pho was scant on meat, and the broth as noted by another commenter was oddly sweet (as a matter of fact, everything there that isn't supposed to be sweet was very sweet). Another deal is this, every Vietnamese restaurant I've been to gives you size options when ordering pho. Size small for children and those who just want to dip their toes or watch their "figures" and size large and extra large for those who crave pho so much where one measly bowl just won't do. The herb plate that accompanied Avina's pho bowl was also on the scant side but I guess since the noodle bowl is small you don't need so many herbs and jalapenos to throw in there do you. Guess not. The rice dish I tried was also a let down. Not on taste (other than the sweetness) mind you, but again, every rice dish I'm used to comes standard with a slab of egg cake and a small portion of a ground up pork, tripe, and peanut mixture, along with your pickled carrots, turnips, and cucumbers. The rice dish from Avina came with two cucumber slices, and a couple (and I do mean a couple) of other pickled vegetables. The pork chop was also small as hell. Weak. Asian food (aside from sushi houses) isn't known for serving small portions! To sum it up, Avina is pricey for the kind of food that it is, has small portions, and everything is oddly sweet when it isn't supposed to be.
5	This is the best place for Vietnamese food hands down,I get happy just walking in the place..I love it!!! I have to give it five stars. Durian bob a is breathtaking(once you get over the smell) Lol!!
5	great pho , boba :) and vermicelli .. awesome !
2	Been there more than a handful of times and nothing stands out.  The pho/entrees/boba drinks are all just 'Eh.' Pass this up and go somewhere else!
4	I tried the newly opened boba corner and it's pretty good for West Valley standards. I was about to give up on finding a place to get my boba fix until I found this and the boba at Lee Lee's. The boba balls itself weren't as good as Lee Lee's. I got a mixture of good chewy boba, really soft boba and kinda hard undercooked boba. But they have plenty of flavors to choose from to keep me coming back. The Taro and mango (separately) are good and pretty cheap. Drinks range from only  $2.99 to $3.99 for regular size. But bring cash or lots of friends! They only accept credit card for purchases of $10 or more.
2	Ok so Its time to light Pho Avina's facking ass on fire.  I remember going here when just the old lady ran the joint.  She was top notch, the food was good, she cranked out one hell of an avocado boba.  Those were the days party people, those were the days.Now let me compound things a bit.  I am talking tons of shit to my co workers about how I love vietnamese food and that you just cant get a good nuoc mia ninh kieu in Phoenix (obviously trying to be a food badass, cuz I am) and Pho Avina goes and sucker kicks my shit in the ballz.For the record I ordered easy.  I went ZERO pho as it was 142 outside.  I went BBQ Pork bahn mi, spring rolls, bobas.I GOT SOME MOTHERFACKINGSHITTASTICAMERICANIZEDBOOLSHEEET.I say again, BOOOOOOOLSHEEEEEEET.Bahn MiRotten brown HALLOPEENOHS, check.Funky ass pork, chiggitty check y'all.MotherFACKINGCHUNKS of veggies, microphone check y'all.  How do you fuck up a bahn mi?Spring Rollsrotten lettuce, uhhh huhhhhcrispy rice wrapper, you bet your assBobaGot FACKING syrup?Let me tell you this vietnamese food experience went over like a turd in a punch bowl with my co workers.  Who now have undisputed proof that I am a dip shit and to not listen to me.  Based on this one Pho Avina experience.  My co workers have shunned me.Pho Avina just got put on notice.  I used to eat there because I thought it was a cool little AUTHENTIC vietnamese joint.  I dont go in for mass consumption shit.
4	Best pho I've had in a while
4	Ate here tonight for the first time and I'm really happy to report that their vegetarian options are plentiful and excellent.  Had the spring rolls, the vermicelli salad, a curried pho, an excellent fruit dessert, and a simple tofu and noodle pho for my son.  update...I've now been several times, and my only complaint is that the food is a bit inconsistent.  It's never bad, and that's a good thing, but sometimes the curried soup is the best ever, and sometimes it's just okay.  Will I stop going here?  No!  Would I recommend it?  Absolutely.  But I would like to see the dishes be a bit more consistent...that's all.
5	Maybe it's just me, but I don't like the kids serving the food.I love Avina's. About 5 years ago, my dad and I used to come here two times a week for Vietnamese food.  It was so good! I remember coming to their restaurant before they even moved to this plaza. I know when it was Avina and just her daughter working the place. The food never faltered. I also remember seeing a family who had called ahead for dinner and she had all the dishes they wanted, done and served as soon as they sat down. I mean that was just awesome for this small whole in the wall place.Now, I'm not so sure anymore. I do know after I have come back I have only had one visit to Avina's. I had Canh Chua with shrimp.  It was delicious as I remember but a tad too sweet. I had a Vietnamese iced coffee. It was a bit watery. It still gets the 5-stars because I love Avina and her daughter. The place serves good food for a good price. I miss the TV only having Vietnamese shows. Dishes that I remember eating here that are always good:Pho TaiCanh Chua  with ShrimpVietnamese pork chops over riceVietnamese beef stew with slices of baguetteSpring RollsEgg RollsVietnamese PancakeVietnamese Ice CoffeeThis is my general list of what has to be good at a Vietnamese restaurant. It's not just a Pho shop and it's definitely not a Banh Mi shop.
4	I had the pleasure of eating here a few Saturdays ago on a blind date :) I was craving some Pho and my date was like sure, I have never had it before so lets go. We ordered the pork and shrimp spring rolls which by the way were filled with tons of shrimp. I knew that had to have been a mistake because I swear I had a bite of shrimp each time. Not that I am complaining one bit! I ordered the Chicken and Shrimp soup (Do you see a theme? lol) and my friend kept it safe and just ordered the fried rice, which he says was some of the best he has ever had. My soup came out piping hot with tons of chicken and shrimp and herbs. I was one happy campy. So why the four stars if everything was good. The bathroom had a weird smell to it. I know, I know what does that have to do with the rest of the place. Well if you got to go potty and the bathroom stinks, it kinds of throws you off you know. I will go back as the food was really good, I will just remember to avoid the bathroom next time :)
4	I love this place. It's close to my office and I come about once per week. The soup bowls are massive and delicious, and I bring coworkers that probably never would have considered Vietnamese food, and now also share my love of it. I also used to dislike boba, but now I look forward to getting one when I come for my weekly bowl of noodles. My only complaint is the $10 minimum for credit/debit cards. However, by the time I get lunch and a boba, my bill is right around $10. I hate that I am forced to get a drink, but it's nitpicking, I could just as easily carry cash.
2	This place okay.  Just okay.  Not the best, but far from the worst.  It's nthing fancy, nor even memorable.  Just good food, and good prices.  For a quicl meal, it's average.  Nothing to write home about.
4	I am a huge fan of Pho, but finding a great one in town has been tricky. I happened upon this place the other day while taking my son out to lunch. WOW! Was I surprised! Absolutely delicious and great prices to boot! My son now is a fan after his first bite :)Quick service, clean place and lots to choose from..We will certainly be back for more soon!
4	Wow! This place is great for the area. It's been hard to find a Pho place in North Phoenix that I really like and I finally did it.I went with the Egg Noodle soup which some would argue isn't true Pho but I say boo to that! The spring rolls were great as well. They weren't too sticky and had plenty of meat inside them.The service here was great as well, what nice people. The lunch crowd was huge but they still provided very quick service and were attentive on refilling my drink anytime it was empty. I have a feeling I will be a regular here real quick!
4	Good but not the best pho. Their boba, however, is the best i've had in glendale. Good service and cleaner than most vietnamese restaurants i've been to.
4	#31 steak and brisket pho has been haunting my dreams! I seriously can't stop thinking about it and am constantly craving it. I've tried their other pho combinations and have to say this one is by far my favorite. I used to come here when this restaurant was super tiny and it always felt so cramped and congested since there was usually a lot of people coming and going either trying to get a seat or picking up orders. This is the first time I've come in after their expansion and it has a little bit of a different feel but the additional space is really nice. #31, I'm coming back for you!!! (drool)
3	I don't know anything about Pho. What makes it good, what makes it average. All I know is, I ate all my small belly could muster. I haven't explored the menu too much (chicken soup all up in my belly), although my date has and bites from his dish seem decent.Service is pretty standard for places like these, and I'm okay with it. I've been there a few times during the college winter break season, and between 4-5pm there's only been about 3 or 4 other tables occupied. Quiet setting, quick delicious meal, awesome boba. I'm good!
5	I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try. also try the Boba I think it is the best I have had but I have had it at only one other place. The staff is friendly and everything is pretty quick to order. no complaints so far.
1	Went here with a group of 7 people. tried the pho and it was really SWEEEET, to much sugar & skimpy on the thin steak. I've been eating Pho for years & I've never left a place feeling so darn thirsty....MSG anyone!  Spring rolls...Welted lettuce & really oily noodles plus the peanut sauce was NASTY!! So waterd down..EWWW.. But the straw that broke the camels back was when they charged us $2 for chilli oil. We spent over $70 & bought bobas, which those were awesome in the place...WHO CHARGES FOR CHILLI OIL!!!?? With all that said, there are much, MUCH better pho restaurants in the valley....But then again, this is just my opinion.
2	Do yourself a favor, and never order take out from here. Pho Avina used to be my "go-to" for viet cuisine a few years back. Having left AZ a few years back, i visted recently and decided to place an order there and introduce some friends and family to the traditionally accoladed "pho." At 3:45 on a tuesday afternoon I ordered 4 pho ga (rice noodle soup with chicken) and an order of spring rolls on the side. No problem taking the order, they ask me to pick up in a half hour.  I arrive half an hour later -as directed, pay my bill, and pick up my order. As I'm getting settled in my car, I have the sudden inclination to check my order.  Opening each hermetically sealed container they've provided me, I realize I am short an entire order of pho. I turn off the car, make my way in, and inquire about the missing pho. They say, "no problem" and apologize. I wait another ten minutes to procure the missing soup and its  botanical accoutrements.  Ok, "no problem."  I'm a bit perturbed by the situation, but I'm also a realist; this kinda thing happens! So I return home from my half hour drive, eager to present the pho and spring rolls to my viet cuisine newbies.  Low and behold, the noodles for all 4 pho orders are crispy, dry, and unsoaked.  FAIL. Somebody missed a vital step in the prep process.  For $50 I expect my noodles prepped accordingly. No happy ending here...no moist noodle for me.
5	I really like this place !!! The taste is good but I like people there. The servers look like they are brothers but all are very quiet but kind and don't bother you with over kindness. And their boba tea is the best in town !!!!
4	Solid 4 star eatery.Spring rolls were delicious.  Vietnamese coffee was killer. I passed on the Pho and went for the sliced pork with egg, meatloaf, and rice with pickled veg.......yummo!!First visit here, as I heard that this place has killer Vietnamese sandwiches (Banh-mi) but unfortunately for me the sandwiches are only on M-F 11-3:00 pm.  So I will be back to this delightful West-Side Vietnamese joint.
2	Usually when I'm super hungry, everything seems to taste great.  Unfortunately that wasn't my experience first and probably last time to Pho Avina.  I'm vietnamese and when I think of vietnamese food, I think "FRESH".  All the veggies and mints are pre plated and then thrown in the fridge.  It was all wilted and disappointed looking when it was brought out.  I had the "bun rieu" and that was I have to say the worse I've ever had. Nothing authentic about it.  They might as well leave it off the menu. And to make it even worse it was luke warm!My wife had their pho and she thought that it was subpar as well.  Pretty bad when she thinks that our 30 minute shortcut pho that we make at home would have tasted just as good.Hell even the Thai Tea was premixed and refrigerated!  It's sad that more and more vietnamese restaurant are becoming less and less authentic. The vietnamese food experience is all about freshness, taste and usually a pretty friendly environment, unfortunately I found none of that at Pho Avina!Combine all this with substandard customer service and it makes me wonder if 2 star is even justifiable? We didn't see anyone after the food was served for drink refills until he brought out the bill.  Disappointing that I traveled over 2 hours to try this place out!
1	Moving from San Diego with one of the best pho places... This place and many other here in Arizona is a complete joke. It's always neither too salty or too sweet. Pho is not suppose to be sweet.   I also tried the rice plate another time and they were super cheap on the meat and veggies! We were so excited we found a new pho place to try and it was packed with people so we assumed  WE FOUND OUR NEW SPOT ... Boy was I disappointed. We ordered appetizer and it didn't come out til after we got our BILL! So we told the guy we no longer want it and they still made us take the spring rolls. I've never been to a place with such slow service. I'll never be coming back. Sorry avina u disappointed my Vietnamese family.
4	I tried this place for the first time the other day even though I have lived by it for a long time. It wasn't until a friend suggested it that I had the guts to just go for it and see if I liked it and I did. I chose the # 62 which was pretty good and I even tried a boba drink which was also very good. I love Little Saigon but Pho Avin will be my new back up place if I don't feel like driving. I really recommend both places for good inexpensive food with enough to fill you up.
4	Some of the best pho that phoenix has to offer. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is that the portions are not as generous as they used to be. 3 slices of beef in a bowl of pho tai is just playing with my emotions. Also, they are closed on Sundays which is a darn shame. Luckily Nam Sao is open on Sunday.
4	Went here for lunch today, the spring rolls are great with the peanut sauce and Mai Ploy sauce. I also had the the chicken fried rice which has to be the best rice I've had in a long time. They get 1 star off for the chicken in the fried rice and the fact that they are closed on Sunday's. I think they could cook it a little longer as it was a bit chewy, but still on the all time best fried rice list!!! The entree I split with a friend was # 53. Rice noodles with beef and fried egg roll, pour in the fish sauce and enjoy what could be some of the best I've had since being in Vietnam while in the service. Last I had a boba Thai tea to go. Also the best Thai tea I've had in Az hands down. You will see me checking in here quite often and trying other things as I am sure the entire menu is going to be tasty! Great drive by discovery!
4	There are times - such as at the end of a tough work week - when nothing can be more soothing than a bowl of flavorful pho, steaming hot with an incomparable fragrance after the addition of the herbs offered on the side. And on such occasions my favorite go-to place is Pho Avina. They offer a good variety of  soup and noodle dishes as well as a variety of sandwiches (banh mi). Their rice dishes are also great; my favorite is their Pho Avina rice plate with grilled beef, pork, and shrimp. While the range of offerings may not be as extensive as Pho Thanh's, it is definitely more than adequate. Fast service, tasty food, good prices - all in this relatively modest restaurant in a  quiet strip mall across the street from ASU West.
4	I love this place!! I usually get Spring rolls hmmm very delicious with the peanut sauce, you gotta try it.!!
4	Went to this pho/boba restaurant last Friday night. Ordered the spring rolls and a #41 (Pho with egg noodles, crab meat, calamari, pork and fish). Spring rolls were brought out right away and were very delicious with a very yummy peanut sauce. Pho was brought out right after and I thought it the broth was very flavorful and vegetables were fresh. Lots of the seafood and pork as well. They also have a "Boba Bar" inside which i can't wait to try.I was very pleased, thought this one was of the cleanest Pho restaurants I have been to. Boyfriend who is Asian prefers his fave at 17th Ave and Camelback, I will definitely go back!
3	Honeydew boba is so yummy. I've had better pho.  Servers are nice
4	So let me start with.. I had never had Pho until I went here on Thursday. With that being said, I have nothing to compare Pho Avina to. But .. reviewing service and food. Service- good. Fast. Helpful. Food - we had spicy beef soup, chicken and shrimp soup and coffee boba. All was really good.
5	Having moved to Arizona recently, I went looking for some pho for a little bit of comfort food. This place was the first pho restaurant I saw when I searched online, and I'm glad I went! The broth was flavorful so I didn't use any hoisin sauce- just a little chili sauce. The noodles weren't stuck together. The service was nice and quick. I will be going here again for sure!
4	It has been a while since I've been here.  You know the place is good when you haven't gone in a couple of years and they've expanded!!  This place is just as good now as it was before.  We enjoyed the shredded beef with rice and the noodle dish (that is soup-less).  Boba was nice and fresh.  I hate it when the pearls are not fresh!Definitely check this place out!  Really great food!
4	Had lunch with a neighbor today. Loved the Pho. Had the vegetarian spring roll so many soup (pho) selections! Definitely coming back.
4	I had udon noodle soup.  The noodles were perfect, broth rich and flavorful.  The meat, however was of a higher quality and more of it then other Vietnamese Restaurants.   Very little trip and tendon, and the beef was very recognizable.   It was homemade the first time I had this dish, therefor what I have to compare it to.   The meat balls were excellent.   I will be returning again trying other dishes.
4	Good Pho. Haven't tried too many other Pho restaurants in the Phoenix area yet, but this is pretty comparable to good Pho I have had elsewhere. The atmosphere is pretty interesting. There was some Vietnamese talent show on TV which was more than entertaining. The service was great. Very nice and attentive. The price was fair. From what I recall, it was about $9 for a bowl of Pho.
5	Their Chicken Pho was Delicious and I love their vegetable spring rolls. Service was great, portions were huge. Place is very clean we will definitely be back.
5	I have been to a lot of Pho places in town (maybe 8), and this place is at the top tier for sure, if not the best I have had.  Nice looking place, always busy (for good reasons), and the service is still very fast.I have not tried the non-Pho menu items, and may never.  Soup cures the soul!
5	Place was awesome food was really good
4	Love this place! Great Vietnamese restaurant.   Started with my favorite crispy shrimp and spring roll.  Delicious!  Had the #38 shrimp, crab meat and steak soup. My new favorite!  Washed it down with a mango boba.  The whole meal was really good.The service was adequate and its a great place to people watch.  One of my favorites in Phoenix.
4	Great Pho!! Had the beef base with Chicken - delicious!
4	Pho sho! This place was really good! I'm actually not a huge pho fan but I went here on a rare chilly day in the valley and I was pleasantly surprised. Combo #52 bun dac biet and the spring rolls were amazingly good and totally comforting, and holy huge portions!! I also couldn't get away without trying the pork egg rolls, there's something so fun about eating Vietnamese egg rolls! If you've never had them I say, DO IT! But people please do it right! First take that crispy roll and wrap it in the lettuce with the fresh cilantro and herbs then dip and devour!  You can thank me later. Ps the staff was so sweet if you aren't familiar with the cuisine they'll help you out. I'm glad I went and it won't be the last time!
3	Chunky mango and taro boba was good. Soft noodle combo dish was descent but luke warm when served. I was disappointed to learn that bahn mi was only offered during lunch.
4	Stopped in after reading the reviews. I arrived about 12:50PM. It was packed. By 1:15 the place had cleared out pretty much.I ordered to-go and waited by the front counter. Their staff was working very hard. They were all running around helping customers. They were all moving VERY fast.The place was clean and they proudly posted their health rating of A on their front door and counter. I like that!I ordered the Pho Tai, spring rolls and calamari.The Pho was great. I order the beef raw so it can cook in the hot broth to my liking. Plenty of beef was served. The spring rolls were good. The calamari was over-breaded and not cooked all the way through. It was also over-salted. More breading than calamari. I will pass on this item next time.
4	This place is delicious! You get seated right away and you can place your order right away as well. Your food will come out quickly and consistently taste the same, yummy!The service is where it's lacking, if they just left a pitcher of water at every table they'd bed set. They do not come often and if they do its because you waived them down. Personally, I think it has to do with the culture and not bothering/harassing people while eating. Clean restaurant and bathrooms another plus!
4	This is my first time ever trying Vietnamese food. I was really surprised of the portions and how fast the food came out. My friends made a few suggestions. I went with #5 (pork & shrimp spring rolls). The spring rolls came with peanut sauce that was so good! My main entree was #50 (grilled meat & egg roll). Basically a noodle salad with vegetables meat with an egg roll. It came with a sauce that I poured all over. Mixed it up and it was AWESOME! I am definately coming back!!!!
5	Best Pho hands down, Boba bar has a good selection. Very clean too!
5	Service is fast!Food is awesome!This is my go-to pho spot!!
5	Somehow we have been hanging out at Imperial Outpost, the nearby game store, for years, without ever eating at this place. Fortunately, we remedied that error and won't make it again in the future. Awesome pho at a good price considering the size of the portion. Don't forget to add the plate of garnish to your soup. I thought it was missing a layer of flavor until I realized that the fresh parsley, cilantro, bean sprouts and lime wedge were intended to go IN the soup. It was perfect after that, and the oxtail version was only $7.99 for a huge bowl of soup that came with three good-sized oxtails. I think in the future I'd try the soup with round steak instead since it is a bit cheaper. We also had a pasta dish I'm sure I couldn't pronounce but it was delicious too. The pho was my favorite though. I'd never tried boba before but the one we had was good and there were tons of flavors available.I've seen some of the complaints about the service, but it was awesome when we were there. We were greeted at the door and they took our order and brought the food pretty quickly. Restaurant was a bit on the loud/echo-y side but there was a pretty consistent flow of people in and out the whole time we were there.
4	Sweet baby Joseph, that is what I call Pho...  Coming back for sure.
5	Pho Avina is the place to go for delicious Vietnamese cuisine! The pho has an abundance of meat and the broth is very flavorful. I also like to go in for the boba which is one of the few places that actually serve it on the west side of town. I recently went in and they just started serving shaved snow and macaroons! I don't know of any other place that has these tasty treats. The shaved snow comes in different sizes as well as different flavors and has so many toppings to choose from. I tried the coffee snow with almonds, lychee, and condensed milk and I would definitely recommend it!
5	AWESOME!!! Great place on the north side of town. Pho is good, subs are yummy, and rice dishes are to die for. The atmosphere is great, nice and comfortable and very clean. Staff is always wonderful, friendly and attentive. THE BEST PART.... SHAVED SNOW!!!!!The shaved show is excellent! So much flavor and yummy goodness. To be honest, its way better than Snoh on Camelback. Give it a try!!!
3	This review is just for the shaved snow ice.  I saw pics and heard other foodies talk about they have new desserts to try.  So after Tomo, we decided to drive up North for dessert.  Snow that is.  I ordered the coconut flavor with light condense milk and wafers.  The coconut snow ice is cream and had good flavored, but the condense milk was WAY too sweet.  For the small, it was only a few bites it done.  For the price, it was not worth it for the amount you got.  The food looked good, so I will be back to try the noodles and stuff.
5	In addition to their DELICIOUS food (I usually get the special beef pho, shredded pork skin spring rolls, and my husband gets the grilled pork vermicelli with egg rolls), Pho Avina has now added snow ice dessert and French Macarons in ASIAN FLAVORS: Taro, Black Sesame, Mango, Lychee, Coconut, Durian, Vietnamese coffee Strawberry, Green Tea and Honeydew! This is the ONLY place I have ever come across some of these flavors in macarons (and I've tried many macarons in Los Angeles area patisseries, where you would think you could find more exotic flavors). Fantastic job, Avina!
4	One of my favorite places for Vietnamese food in Arizona. The broth is well seasoned and their egg rolls are tasty. Service is always fast and attentive. They even offered me water while waiting for my take-out one time! The Boba isn't so bad but I wouldn't order it again.
5	DELICIOUS!I had the pho thai and it was goodthe broth tastes really delishI also had their snow which was SO good! some of the best I've ever had.If you've never had pho before, you should really try it  ($5-$9)If you've never had snow before, you should really seriously try it (you can get it to go too) ($4-$8)I really like this place, and am craving it RIGHT NOW.
4	It may be busy, it may take a little time getting your food, but if you have a full hour for lunch or in the mood for dinner, it's never a bad choice. They have everything from Vietnamese sandwiches and soups to delicious smoothies and shaved ice with fresh toppings at a reasonable price.
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat.  The food is fantastic and the prices are very reasonable.  We have tried quiet a bit of the menu and have not been really disappointed yet.  I always seem to come back to the #23 extra large bowl of soup.  It's enough for dinner that night and lunch tomorrow.  The Bobas are really tasty as well.  This place is certainly worht a look.
5	I'm giving Pho Avina 5 stars mainly because they make what is probably one of my favorite dishes on my side of town. Their tofu curry is so good! Better than any Japanese, Thai, Hawaiian, Indian, etc. curry and I'm the biggest curry lover in the world. Now I am usually the only one in the whole restaurant who orders anything but pho, but that is because most people haven't discovered it yet. If you come to Pho Avina and have a craving for anything besides pho, do yourself a favor and get the chicken curry. It is amazing!!
5	I am in love! It's been a long time since I have had Vietnamese food. Years ago my favorite, regular spot was the old Avina's at 43rd Ave and Bell Road. Then the owners changed or something and their Pho broth changed and was really pretty gross, and I lost my taste for Pho after so many years of craving it. I read the reviews on Yelp and thought I would give it a try again because I had a cold and was craving the rich, flavorful broth that I remembered.I went on a Saturday with my boyfriend who had never had Vietnamese food. We walked in and I was immediately impressed with the clean, welcoming atmosphere. They were pretty busy, but we were seated and our drink order was taken right away. We ordered a Shrimp soup with Won Ton and egg noodles, egg rolls, spring rolls and the fried sweet potato with pineapple, along with a combo noodle dish with beef and chicken. Wow, wow wow!  We got our food quickly and everything looked amazing. The herbs that came with the soup were super fresh, and the broth was complex, so rich and full of flavor, without a hint of greasiness. Everything we ordered was amazing. The Pho broth tasted exactly the same as the original Avina's recipe that I remembered. I can't wait to go back!!
5	The BEST Pho broth ever! Their pho dac biet is the best with just enough to get you full and not over feed! Other places I may alter the taste with lime and chili paste but their broth allows you to enjoy the flavor they created with little to no alterations! I LOVE Pho Avina!
4	Let me preface by saying I just moved to the area and I have pretty high expectations as the one near my home in Colorado was the best I've ever had. With that said, I do really enjoy this place. Pros: They have jasmine tea and it comes in a pot you can pour yourself with the cutest tea cup! Comfortable atmosphere. I often come here solo to do some reading or just for a quick lunch in between classes since it's right across the street from ASU west. Their broth is really tasty. Doesn't have too much anise which I like. This place is cheap!! Large portion of pho and tea for 10 bucks can't beat it. Cons:Their meat isn't the best. The first time I got the brisket and it was really cut too thick and it was fatty. I wouldn't recommend it. AND the meat to noodle ratio is a little off sometimes. But I prefer more meat to noodle and normally order extra meat but it costs 3 whole dollars extra for meat. If you are starving and want the larger size bowl, it's also three dollars more. Overall, a decent and convenient place and one I would definitely recommend!
5	A good pho is hard to find... you can get one here! The lunch-time banh mi is spot on as well. Also, give the shaved ice a try. It's like ice cream cotton candy! We come here a lot and it's always good.
5	Grant that I am even less expert in Viet cuisine than many others, but I know what I like and what's good to me. Based on the limited universe of Vietnamese restaurants I've tried, Pho Avina is the best, and has been so consistently.   Despite an enviably consistent business, the dining area is always clean but for any tables just vacated.  The food has been consistently excellent, the portions adequate or better, the presentation/appearance appealing,  the service always decent or better and the prices remarkable in a totally positive way.  An added bonus is the extensive boba drink menu, and the addition of a remarkable variety of Taiwanese shaved ice dessert combinations, always artfully presented.  These aren't the snow-cones most of us grew up with, and at about $4 and up, they should be something special, and though they may be old news to Taiwanese  and west coast Asian folk, it's a new-to-me delight in beautiful, ultra-light, cold dessert that I highly recommend.   If it's a little less appealing as AZ veers in and out of what passes for cold weather, have a hot pho first, and enjoy.  I don't think you can go wrong with either.
5	I absolutely love this place. Pho,rice dishes and everything is very good and def gives you a happy tummy. I always come to this as it isnt too far away from where I live. I love how they started adding boba,Snoh and macarons to their menu they're also very tasty. They sell macarons only on Saturdays for 1.50 some time 2.00... They're a bit tiny but they are always a guilty pleasure.. the Snoh and boba are top notch as always not bad on the prices neither. The environment is very friendly and welcoming. Im obsessed with their brisket pho and crispy eggrolls. This place isn't too hard to find and is a good place to come and grab a bite to eat. The waiters are very friendly and always have a smile on their face.
4	Very good and very clean. The pho was very flavorful and had tons of meat in it. Lots of nice fresh veggies to accompany it.
1	I have been a customer at Pho Avina for years. What initially led me to patronize this restaurant is the affordable entrees and quick service. Food quality was usually above average - good. Service has never been especially friendly, but at least it was expedient. However, I feel the need to echo the voices of several others who have indicated that the quality of food and service at this restaurant has gone downhill dramatically, to the extent that I am no longer a fan of this establishment.First off, food quality at Pho Avina has been on the decline. Previously delightful entrees are now of mediocre quality. Service has also been on the downward spiral. Pho Avina waiters are definitely still as efficient as ever, but they are not responsive to customer needs. Errors in taking orders are common here, and I cannot count the number of times I have had to remind the waiter to bring an appetizer (usually spring rolls) or drink (boba tea).To illustrate an example of bad service combined with bad food, take for example my latest foray with my wife and child to Pho Avina...It seldom rains in Phoenix, but when it does, I love to get a bowl of hot Pho. Imagine my disappointment when, rushing in from the pouring rain, I discover that the restaurant is out of beef broth with which to prepare Pho. The restaurant was pretty busy, so I could understand that everyone else probably had the same idea I did. The waiter suggested I try some Pho with chicken broth instead. I decided to order the Chicken Pho from the menu. Wife ordered chicken friend rice. My wife's order came rather quickly, which is normal at this restaurant. Mine took a long time to come, which is odd considering that they usually deliver Pho at the speed of light. When it came, I was hungry and ready to dig in to a steaming hot bowl of delicious Pho... but when I took the first sip of the broth, I almost spat it out. I do not exaggerate when I say that the "broth" tasted like hot water with some oil mixed in. There was no chicken flavor, in fact hardly any flavor of any kind. I had my wife try the broth too and she agreed - the broth lacked any flavor. Even adding hoisin sauce to the broth failed to rescue the insipid soup. Normally, I do not like complaining to the management since I rather avoid drama during mealtime, but my wife convinced me to raise this issue up with the management. I told the waiter the problem with my Pho soup. He promised to bring this up to the attention of the management. My wife and I heard discussion emanating from the back kitchen with some recognizable words ("chicken", "broth", etc... you get the idea). About five minutes later, the elderly lady who seems to run the place comes up to us and apologizes. This could have ended, if not well, at least better. But here was the real kicker. She asked us if we would like another bowl of soup to replace the one that was "defective." Bear in mind that this was at the end of the meal, after my wife and I had finished most of our food. The Pho bowl was absent meat and noodles (I was hungry as I had mentioned, and swallowed the edible parts, leaving the "soup" behind), my wife's fried rice was gone, we were both no longer hungry, and we were being offered another bowl of soup. I am assuming she meant without the noodles/other ingredients but we were at this point no longer interested either way, so we said that we were full, but extremely disappointed that the broth tasted like dishwater. At this point, the elderly lady explained that they had a very busy night, and that "somebody" had added water to the stock, diluting it, which was the cause of our tasteless soup.And that was that! She walked away. No offer of compensation, or maybe a free bowl of Pho on our next visit, nothing. Also, I should mention that the lady had recognized us as repeat, loyal customers (she said that she knows that we patronize the restaurant all the time).I want to say that I am not here to bring down any establishment unfairly and I am not one of those particularly fussy customers that demands perfection. I seldom like to complain, unless I feel really unfairly treated. But this level of service is deplorable. If the Pho broth had been reasonably tasty or even slightly bland, I would still have let the issue go. But it was completely devoid of any taste, and to have the manager admit the mistake and offer no compensation of any sort - well let's just say there are two other Vietnamese restaurants within 5 miles of Pho Avina, and I will be bringing my business to the competition in the future.
3	Not bad, but not great.
5	Awesome food!Love their BUN BO HUENot many Viet restaurant offer this dishPlenty of choices tooThey also have sandwiches and bobaBeen coming here for 7 years!
2	I am not a fan of this place but I've been here a few times with my Vietnamese friends... so I don't know, maybe I'm missing something? The flavor of the broth is okay, they give you a lot of meat, but I hate how quickly the noodles get soft. I like my noodles a little more al dente.  I don't like the smoothies and milk teas here either, they taste like the powdered kind, and the boba/tapioca balls are always too squishy like they've been sitting in the water for too long (starting to notice a pattern?) The Banh Xeo was good here though, pretty big serving good for sharing. I would not recommend this place, there are better options in the area.
5	Yeah, so, I've eaten a lot of Pho since I had my first bowl ever here. Hands down Pho Avina is definitely my go to place. Forgive me! I'm sorry I ever doubted you!
5	Nothing can beat this place. Heres quick 5 points to why it stands with all the pho places in the valley.1. Consistent flavor. Some places misses their flavor especially when packed but not this 0lace.2. Customer service is top notch from the moment you walked in to the time you leave.3. Reasonable price. The price is not as high as those pho places that around the valley. The portions are good too.4. Clean. Yeap simple as that.5. Atmosphere is good.Other thought: i wish their open 7 days.
4	3 star without Boba. Boba boosts them up to 4 star.Pho lacks meat and you will stay hungry unless you get some extra meat in there.Kinda sparse with the herbs and the spices. Not the best Pho I've had, but hey, they do well.Service is.. meh. They aren't really service oriented. Take your order and don't bother you style.
5	I used to come here as a hungry college student going to ASU across the street.  Happened to be in the neighborhood and stopped in.  They recently remodeled and changed the menu a bit.  The place is still as amazing as ever.  I only get one thing here, #59.  The beef is amazing and peanut crusting along with fried egg is incredible.  Friendly service and incredible Vietnamese.
5	I love this place. The food is amazing and fresh.  Great Price and the plate side is generous.  I always want to try something new  the bobas are the best.  I've never had issues w the service
4	Love, love the coconut shaved ice!  I would have given it a 5 star but they just take sooo long to prepare the shaved ice dessert.Food is great too!  Food comes out a lot faster than desserts....weird....but am still a fan! =)
5	I come here at least once a week as a lunch date with one of my work buddies. Always quick and the food is delicious. It is never disappointing.
2	This place was ok. The pho isn't as great as I had expected from the reviews. They gave me a small plate of veggies and I had asked if I could have a little more. I was unknowingly was charged extra for it and the quantity of the extra dish wasn't worth asking for. Normally pho restaurants don't charge for meaningless side dishes, but I guess I should've tried their boba to make my experience more worthwhile.
5	I never liked Pho until my boyfriend had me try Pho Avina's Chicken Soup (#21).I officially fell in love with it!
4	I am a Vietnamese so I like Vietnamese food. I have visited some Vietnamese restaurants around Glendale, AZ so I can make a comparison among them. IMO this is the best one in term of Pho and Bun Bo Hue (I only ate these two in Pho Avina).
5	I've been coming here for over 20 years, yes since I was a child. Whenever I have been sick I come here for the chicken noodle soup. My favorites though are the rare beef soup and spring rolls. They make the best peanut sauce. Most days I get the deluxe salad or just an order of spring rolls.  Great service and delicious food are why I keep coming back.
4	Gonna keep this simple. We went back 2 days in a row and then again. The chicken pho is amazing(I get the level 10 spicy and request the unimaginable level 50 if it existed because I love fire and was told I was the second person they've seen finish it and down the broth completely in under 20 min lol.) this place is worth the try. And grab a coconut boba at the end too.
4	I went here once with a friend. I had never had Vietnamese Cuisine before so I was a bit nervous to tell the truth.I ordered what my friend ordered because I wasn't sure on what to get. I was so glad I went.(sorry I don't remember the name)The food was delicious! And I liked trying the food with the different sauces on the table. I haven't been back but I want to. Worth a try. Very delicious and there were many veggies so it has to be healthy too right? ;)
5	Pretty good. Always leave here satisfied in my tummy
4	Pho Avina excels in beef pho with its very sweet and not too oily broth. Their chicken pho has more of a Chinese wonton soup broth, but it's still very good if you're feeling a cold coming on. They also do a great job with rice dishes, my favorite is #58. The rest of other dishes they offer like spring rolls and Vietnamese sandwiches are good, but nothing to rave about. Although, they do offer very good boba drinks. It's arguably better than Viet Kitchen and Pho Thanh. I go here all the time for the past two years and highly recommend.
5	I love Pho Avina! It's close to where I live, and the prices are great compared to some of the other ones I've been too. The food of course, is great as well!I usually get the rice noodles with beef meatballs...I love to add all the bean sprouts and sriracha to it! Mmmm so good!!! Their springs rolls are good too! I don't really like the mint leaves in there, but everything else is good enough for me to get it again. The fried rice is supppper good! I've tried it without meat and with chicken, and something about the spice makes it sooooo delicious! I've tried the boba there and I would say it's alright. Some other places nearby make better boba in my opinion. Service isn't great but they are very quick! Perfect to go when I'm ready to eat! I would definitely go more if I knew of another Pho lover..
3	We decided to give this place a try as the reviews have all been very good.  This is a very out of the way place for us, but we travel for great food!  We tried the vegetarian spring roll, good.  The tofu appetizer, just a fried nondescript waste.  My husband had the vegetarian Pho.  Visually excellent, lots of vegetables, tofu and noodles.  Downside, the veggie broth was very bland.  We've had vegan pho before with great broth, and this one lacked umph...I tried the vegetable curry with tofu.  Just ok.  Too many potatoes and not enough vegetables.  All in all, the place was ok, but not worth the long drive to get there.  There are places closer to where we live that are better.
5	I stopped by here for a quick boba. Best boba I have had so far. The shaved ice menu looks amazing! Definitely trying that next! If you guy 2 bobas you get 1 green tea boba FREE!
1	Their pho is excellent and I hate to say it but... I've gotten the vibe that they're racist here at Pho Avina. I am white and every time I went here in the past the waiters were really slow. After a waiter finally arrives to my table they would then take a while to get my food and drinks out and they wouldn't come back to check up on me. Even getting the check was a process and it took quite a while. I noticed that Asian people are greeted right away here, they are served quickly and the staff is overly friendly with them. I really hate to bring race into my review but I'm not the only one that feels this way. I took my family and friends here a few times and everyone agreed and noticed that Asian people get better treatment than whites here. This happened to me every time I dined here so it wasn't just a one time thing either.
4	The Good: The food is flavorful, fresh, and the menu contains a LOT of options. I've taken several different groups of friends here and no one has come away unhappy thus far.The Bad: The worst I can say is that a few of the wait staff aren't as on the ball as other members of the staff. I've had both attentive service and so-so service here. Definitely good enough to keep coming back, but occasionally a crap-shoot.Overall: While not a place for elegant dining, no one comes here looking for that. The food is delicious and the prices are absolutely worth it.
5	The best spring rolls! Their food tasters fresher and more delicious than ever. I had the deluxe vermicelli salad and I tasted a hint of lemongrass in it today and I loved it. The noodles were cooked perfectly and the fried sweet potato was crispy on the outside and soft in the middle which I love.
5	This was my first time at Pho Avina, but definitely not my first time with Vietnamese food.  I was in a hurry and needed a quick, tasty lunch on my way to class.  First off, this place is in a great location as it is less than one block from campus.  It is also clean and welcoming restaurant.  Secondly, the staff was extremely friendly; the gentleman who took my to-go order even opened my order to show me what was there and how to combine the ingredients for a traditional experience, although I already knew what to do.  Third, I ordered the #51 "Bun Tom Bi Cha Gio Thit Nuong" with chicken.  I waited for no more than 15 minutes as I watched the service staff effectively and quickly attend quests as they walked in.  As, I mentioned above the server who helped me showed me what I was getting and I immediately wanted to sit down and dig in.  Instead I drove to campus and hurried to sit down so I could and combine the cup of fish sauce seasoned dressing with the heaping traditional salad accompaniment and the noodles and meat.  Along with perfectly grilled and seasoned chicken there was a crunchy, delicious egg roll snuggled between shrimp and shredded pork both perfectly seasoned and cooked.  It was enough food for two meals and I will definitely go back for more, maybe some Pho next time.
4	Had the Chicken Pho, It was fresh and full of flavor.  My new place to go when I feel a cold coming on.  Waiter was typical of these types of places, ie: just ok.
4	Great food
4	Really tasty Vietnamese food. The place is very clean and the service was great. I really enjoyed my lunch and for eight dollars including tip, the price can't be beat.I had the pho with eye of round and it was flavorful, hot, and came with all of the expected herbs and toppings.I can give this place a solid four stars very easily.
5	Love the Steak Pho! Tastes great. The Boba and milk tea's are good too! The service could be a little bit better. Overall, good place!
2	The only good thing about Pho Avina is the fact that it's clean. Besides that everything falls a bit short; in terms of service and food.Came in looking for a new Vietnamese spot to try and to curb our Vietnamese cuisine and boba/snow craving.The restaurant is clean and spacious, not too many people were dining at the time of arrival but quickly filled up. I ordered the Clear Rice Noodles with soup on the side (Hu Tieu Saigon). It's a noodle dish that comes with bean sprouts, onions, clear rice noodles, slices of bbq pork, pieces of imitation crab, shrimp and chives. The noodles are tossed in a sweet soy and comes with a side of broth (chicken). The dish was lacking in flavor and portion. Even with chili sauce and a spritz of lemon, the dish was lackluster and just had a sweetness to it. It was 35% onion and bean sprouts. Totally not a satisfying nor did it taste close to what Hu Tieu Saigon should taste like. We were given a plate of veggies and the cilantro was wilted and the plate looked limp as if sitting out for past it's prime.The service was a bit spotty, it was good at first and kind of awkward. A few customers ended up leaving because they weren't being helped though there was a good amount of staff available. At this point I didn't order boba/snow dessert because I didn't think the food or service was good.Price is decent if you're looking for a mediocre bowl of noodles and slow service, but you can get better quality Vietnamese food elsewhere. The only thing going for this place is it's clean atmosphere.
