2	heard about this place from some friends.  went in and was pretty cool to hang...lots of tv's, lot's of beer...sort of stopped there.  food was flat (french dip was stringy, fatty and cold) and the service was almost self service!I can see coming for a game and a beer, but not for a meal...might try again just in case...
2	good selction of beer, but the service was blah.  food was not great, but sort of expect if from a more bar setting.  someone put a lot of money into the place, but they should care a bit more about what they put out now...
2	Should be renamed Small Peter's. Food is pretty good, not going to take that away from them, and a large array of TV's playing different games and shows is a plus as well. Unfortunately, it's all downhill from there. The service is TERRIBLE! We had to chase down our waitress not twice, but three times, including when we wanted to pay. We found her in the kitchen, go figure. To the bill: $11.50 for a 22oz beer! Holy cow! At least it was $8 after 10p.m, which is still about double what it would be at better establishments. The crowd was good, but a few shady characters, which is to be expected considering the proximity to central Mesa. This place is competing with Tilted Kilt, Native New Yorker and Famous Sam's, Willy's falls flat in comparison. Their food doesn't excuse their awful employees and exorbitant prices. Drive a couple miles in any direction for a better place to watch the game.
3	Came here to see my buddy's band play in the Battle of the Bands and it was one of my first bar experiences as well. They had a good selection of drinks however I thought the price was a little bit much. Service was almost non-existant, its basically one person running around handling everything, luckily I was only getting drinks so I couldn't have imagined what it would be like waiting on food. Overall it's just aiight.
3	I've been here a couple times now, my step dad likes their wings and it's close to where we live.  It's a sports bar with lots of TV's and during football games, the place is very loud!  I noticed there were several families as well in the restaurant part of the place.  It's pretty average bar food, but everyday from 2pm-7pm they have happy hour pricing on selected apps for $4.  Wings are an order of 10 and we've tried both the hot wings and mango hot.  Both are pretty tasty, but not quite as hot as I'd like. Their burgers are decent, on Mon they have $5 burger night and on Fri an all you can eat fish fry.The service is okay, during the football games the place is very busy and understandable the service a bit slower.  Our waitress was nice enough to let my stepdad make an order of wings at the happy hour price to go (says in the menu for dine in only).I'm sure we'll back
5	I love this bar!  I believe the day bartenders name is Alecia.  From the second time I went in she remembered my name and what liked to eat and my drink of choice.  They by far have the best happy hour in the valley with $3 premium liqours(about 8 different ones including Jack, Capt,Smirnoff etc) and super cheap drafts. They also have appitizers for $4 and a reverse happy hour if I miss the first one. The food is great and they run other specials like $5 burger Monday(I recommend the blackend bleu).  I found this place because a friend who goes to another location loves them.  The entire staff is top notch. Even the newest employee introduced himself and says hello to me everytime he starts his shift.  If there is a real life "Cheers" this is it for me.  They have the best array of t.v.'s anywhere I have been in the east valley.  They also have events every week  like battle of the bands or poker nights.  Its a feel good neighborhood place that even does fundraisers for local charities.  Give it  a  try!
1	Terrible. Absolutely terrible. The food is disgusting, the servers are rude, and booze is HEAVILY watered down.  The whole place smells like farts and there's a gym filled with roid raging freaks. I got some "wings" here, they tasted like chicken flavored charcoal and had a texture that can only be described as "night terror". Gang affiliated area, so bad that a cop car is permanently stationed in the parking lot. Id rather be kicked in the genetals by a professional football kicker for hours untill he dies from exhaustion than eat here again. Avoid this hell hole at all costs if you value your taste buds, possessions or life.
2	We have been to Fat Willy's on several occasions mostly because it is close to our house. Its a typical sports bar with TV's with all the games and a nice bar.The one thing i will say is it is always busy or at least every time we have gone there. The staff their is always friendly and i have never been disappointed. They have a nice selection of beer on tap so that is a plus. We always go during happy hour so the price is right on the big mugs. My only complaint is the food. I really enjoy a good chicken wing! But these are aweful on my last three time ordering. They are like rubber. I always ask for crispy but have been let down everytime.
2	Update: Got some food to go for my wife and myself on Sunday. And it was horrible! My wife got a french dip and it was just fat and the rest of the meat was tough and disgusting. Very unhappy with my experience. So i will not eat there again.
1	Ok...really! This place so pisses me off and i am the Duke. Show some respect...lolA paying customer asks for one simple request and they screw it up. Not the first time either....like an idiot i give them the benefit of the doubt and they always mess it up. I go into the place make an order for 10 wings...hot and extra crispy. The bartender repeats my order back to me and specifically says "extra crispy" right? She comes back 15 mins later and brings my wings. In hindsight, i should have checked them then and sent it back. But I didn't.They were rubbery, nasty wings. What a waste of money...i should have just lit my cash on fire.  I threw them in the trash. I would not even make my dog eat that crap.
5	We love Mondays 5 filler burger specials!!
4	lots of fun
3	Visited here on a whim and it was decent. The food was really good. My only compleat would be that we were just about the only costumers there and the service was really slow. But I will definitely be back .
2	3 visit's here.Visit one was good, I sat at the bar, had a few beers and enjoys some nachos. All good.Visit's 2 & 3 are you kidding me? Both times were for sit down meals, no bar, which makes me sad, I like the bar mmmm beer.Anyway, the food took over 40 minutes to arrive and it was only burgers, burgers I tell you! The sad thing was that you would think waiting so long would produce a good burger but Nooooooooooooo it was bland, nasty and burnt!! Did I send it back? No! I have a rule when eating out, if the food is bad I either just eat it because I am hungry or complain but refuse any other food. It's not that I don't trust what they would do to my food it's just well I don't trust what they could do to my food.So summing up, if you eat here sit at the bar, the service is better.
5	I love this bar and grill. They always have yummy craft beer or if they don't have what i'm looking they suggest a beer ive never had and its always delicious! Anyway, the wings are very good! But the sauces seem to all taste pretty similar. I went on a monday for the $5 burgers and i got a mushroom and swiss burger! It was great and my sweet potato fries were perfect:) its close my house so that's always a plus
5	Came during happy hour and had great service. The food was amazing. Everything was well seasoned and came out quickly. We came during the playoffs and the place wasn't overcrowded. It was clean and the music was great. Had a great time and will be back.
5	Saturday night DJ plus $3 drafts, I'm in. I come here about twice a month always clean bathroom and tables. The staff is always helpful and cook is fast gotta have my wings and DOS equis.
1	This place smells like ass can anyone confirm that this place stinks.. like the smell.. as my daughter would say "ewww gross!!!" In a one year olds voice while she's holding her nose...
1	The only positive thing I'll say is that they changed the channel to the game we wanted to watch immediately, and to be fair, they filled up our waters constantly.As far as the food goes... Holy wow. It was bar food that was worse than bar food. Which is unfortunate because the place is actually really clean and really nice, so I was expecting a little but more. Everything from the spinach artichoke dip, to the fish and chips, to the Philly, to the Cajun chicken pasta, it all looked and tasted like it was frozen and then microwaved. I could've made better at the age of 13.I hate to bash on here, but it seriously was a terrible experience except for the fact that my team won.
2	I came here tonight to see some friends before my trip in Phoenix comes to an end.  One of my friends suggested this place because he likes the endless fish and chips that they serve on Fridays.I got here really early because I was driving from Awatukee and had the girls seat me at a table for 5 in the front of the restaurant.  She brought me out drinks and some menus to review before everyone showed up. Eventually my friends showed up and our waitress came back to the table.  Here's where I got annoyed.  The waitress hung out at our table for 20 minutes.  So much so that she was chatting up a storm with one of my friends to the point that they were showing each other pictures of family members and exchanging stories.  My other friend and I sat there and talked while this went on, but we didn't understand how she could talk for so long and not get in trouble or have other tables to wait on.Also, when my other two friends showed up they ordered Nachos.  They ordered chicken nachos and she brought out beef.  My friends were upset and sent it back.  Also, our fish and chips came out like 15 minutes prior to the Nachos, so the two friends who were splitting nachos had to sit there and watch us eat.  the waitress apologized but they were still upset.Overall I will consider this a one time thing with the poor service.  I like their specials here, and think it's worth for that alone.  I will chalk this up as a one time experience and consider returning in the future. Unfortunately, since I live out of state, I can't come here on the regular, so that doesn't work to their advantage.  I gave them two stars because I feel like the food was good and they have lots to choose from, and are open for breakfast on Saturday and Sunday mornings.They also have a great outdoor patio which was busy the entire time we were there. They seem to be a really active bar with lots going on, including poker night when we were there. Granted, most of the people playing poker were old, but I thought that was kind of cool that they have regular gatherings.
5	Excellent wings. Great beer. Easy to find. Staff was. Nice. Really injoyed being here. I will return.
