4	Step into history at this time capsule, made famous by the movie "Alice's Restaurant".We were looking for El Dorado Hot Springs in Tonopah, AZ at 10:30 PM and found it, just a stone's throw from the I-10 exit 94. We knew that Alice's was supposed to be nearby, but the sign on the only restaurant at the intersection said "Tonopah Joe's Family Restaurant". The attached Legend Lounge was open, and the bartender said we could park the RV anywhere and nobody would bother us.The next morning we enjoyed a country breakfast and a history lesson. Even by my N.Carolina palate, the chicken fried steak (smothered in good gravy) with eggs and grits was way above par. Deborah's western omelet was fluffy, not greasy, and the ingredients were fresh. The toast was proper. Kudos to Beth the cook.Tonopah Joe's is a good example of a classic American roadside restaurant, light, airy, and roomy, with atmospheric country/western & iconic rock music, and Indian artifacts on the walls. Our waitress, Cindy, was friendly, helpful, and offered suggestions from the voluminous menu. Greg Pehl, the manager could not have been more friendly. The bathrooms were clean, and they offer a shower room for shedding the grime after a hard day in the saddle. There are literally acres of parking, though some big rigs idle all night.The rear wall is an homage to Joe and Alice Bitz, who ran the place for many decades. Plaques honor members of the Brotherhood of America, an association of CB radio operators started at the beginning of the CB craze that truckers perpetuated. Greg introduced us to a local, just finishing his breakfast, who was present at the filming of the movie.
2	After a very long car ride we stopped here for dinner.  We ended up waiting an hour and a half for our food and never got our place settings. On the plus side the food wasn't too bad. Definitely not somewhere I would recommend though.
1	Use to be a decent place to eat! New ownership improved the looks but dropped the customer service and food quality! We would make it a point to stop in every time we went through.  Now I will buy a bag of jerky and chips at the gas station  before eating there again.!
3	Yes, nice stop on way back from Scottsdale to Los Angeles. I was originally going to drop a two star but my so said no, it's better than that! Yes, it was so here it is. Standard breakfast fare actually very good, scrambled eggs, oatmeal, biscuits and gravy, hash browns, even beef tacos. All fresh ingredients cooked to perfection. Had kids with us and totally friendly and accomodating. Since it was early, the adjacent bar/lounge wasn't open but it looks like a happening place if you come at the right time, ie. probably Friday or Saturday nights.This is BETTER than McDonalds or the usual lousy chain junk food you see littered all along the American highway. So go!
4	We stopped here on tour one time.  And then one time again on the way back.  Had a nice meal, some beers, some shots, hung out for a bit.  Everyone working there was really friendly.  If I'm ever headed through again I'd definitely stop in.
1	Took forever to get one of the worst salad, hamburger, French fry lunches ever, would give it no stars if I could
1	I've stopped here many times in the past and I thought it was good truck stop style food. Well something bad happened since we'd been there last, we stopped in after a day in the desert and after a soak at the hot springs.As we walked in we had to step over a pile of debris that had been swept in to the middle of the floor and left there{it was still there on our way out} as we slid in to the booth my arm stuck to the table and I looked at my wife and said 'should we stay?' she said lets just get a quick burger. The burger was edible but tasteless and the onion rings were greasy and smelled like they haven't changed the oil in the fryer in a very long time {if ever}.To top it of the place isn't even cheap $20 for two burgers.Do yourself a favor go somewhere else!!I would have given a minus star if I had the choice!
