3	i like this place. small (very)the guys working here seem to be the "good ol boy" type. But if you can overlook the undercover (employee/cop) walking around like they're looking around. (kinda wierd and annoying), They have everything a "Pawn Shop" (excluding rolling TV cameras. a la Pawn Wars etc) Jewlerytv'smusic instrumentsgunsknivescoins (i think)old VHS, DVD, CD'SPRICES seem to be pretty good for firearms. (in which I don't mind taking the extra road trip coming here INSTEAD OF the overpriced HYATT)FOR what its worth.. Take a look here then head up 74 to the gun range (Firepower)
4	Beltway Gun and Pawn is located near 485 and 74 in Matthews next to 21 South and Ashley Furniture. It is not the biggest Pawn Shop but they do cram in a lot of items in there. They seem to mainly focus their inventory on Jewelry, guns, and small construction equipment. They do have some dvd's, cd's and electronics usually. I do not buy used jewelry and electronics so I usually go in there for their guns. They have a large selection of shoguns and rifles at all price ranges. They do not have a tremendous amount of hand guns compared to the local gun shops but I think there prices are better on their used guns and the new Glocks. I purchased a used gun from them a few years back and it always worked perfectly. Never had any issues. The staff is also very friendly and helpful which is sometimes hard to find from a Pawn Shop
3	A friend of mine is in the market for an AR-15 and so we took a day to tour the various gun shops of the Charlotte metropolitan area. We didn't find one, but we did get to look at a whole mess of firearms for sale here. It's not a full gun shop, so their selection isn't massive but they still have a handful of pistols and a large display of older rifles if that's your thing.And then there are all the other things that you might expect in a pawn shop, from coins and collectibles to heavy tools and construction machinery to DVD's and VHS cassettes to gaming consoles. Prices seemed pretty good and the staff was certainly helpful.
3	This is not the American Jewelry (Hardcord Pawn), Gold & Silver Pawn Shop (from Pawn Stars) or even the guys from Cajun Pawn Stars. Until recently, it was a teeny, tiny store - but they expanded into the space next door, and now they have a good bit more room. Still not huge, but at least it's not like you're in a closet.Staff is great, and will help you with about anything you might need.On the downside, they don't have the greatest selection - it's more like an ongoing yard sale than a pawn shop. That's not to say that the stuff is bad or anything, it's just that you aren't going to find any fancy collectibles or anything along those lines. Understand what it is and it's all good.
1	I used to shop there all the time and the guys seemed nice enough. Prices were fairly reasonable until the sandy hook shooting. Then they started price gouging. A brick of .22 long rifle was selling for $95.00! Rifles had tripled, if not quadrupled in price. When I asked about the .22, one of the guys just said with a smirk "it is what it is."  Really?Other stores prices went up a little bit, but nothing compared to beltway. I'll never shop there again.
3	This is a small pawn shop but it has recently expanded. It specializes in guns, but also has some power tools and guitars.  The sales people are very nice and eager to help.
