3	This is the 'Mexican' food I was raised on, peeps.  Macayo's is mother's milk to Vegas natives - at least to really, really Irish Vegas natives who consider the food at Macayo's 'Mexican.'The poor waitresses are decked out in pink and blue flowing Mexican stylr dresses that are purely horrid.  They serve up RC cola, which makes me laugh.  The food really ain't that bad, but it really ain't that special either.  The chips and salsa still delight me to this day, though.  And not many things beat getting a TCT.  (Toasted Cheese Tortilla.  It's a giant quesadilla, besically, and they bring it out on a pizza sheet and rest it above the candle on the table that has a constantly low flame and can't really keep it heated anyway.  But man, that there's comfort food.)I can't help it.  A part of me will always have random cravings for a little Macayo's, no matter how old or high-falutin' I might get.
4	Yep, everyone knows Macayo's and loves it.
2	This place is super popular. They are of the "extremely generous portions" school of Mexican food.Now, I'm a vegetarian, so I have to rely on what my dining partners say about their food, but I LOVE mexican food, so my friend has dragged me here twice.My friend cannot handle spice. Seriously, once I put pepper jack in a sandwich and she almost died from heartburn or something. But she LOVES Macayos, probably for the same reason I don't like it too much - I find it bland. Enormous, and cheap ($10 gets you food to last for three meals), but bland. Although I like the salsa and free chips. My other friend liked her taco salad, because she was in a mood for crispy shells. I've had the veggie burrito with sauce (Oh, they don't tell you, but the sauce is $1 extra), the cheese enchiladas (the sides are refried beans, which aren't my fave, but the sauce wasn't very spicy or onion-y), and the veggie fajitas (not bad).I'd come here again, but only because my best friend loves the place.
2	I'm not quite sure what all the fantastical chatty chat is all about. It's ok Mexican food, I've been there three times & have yet to have an orgasmic south of the border experience.  They do fork over the chips & salsa which is a plus, but the salsa is a lil on the ratty side in my personal opinion.Maybe being from California I'm spoiled with fabuloso pintos?  I most likely won't be going back, I'll just wait until I go to CA.
1	This place just plain smells....and not of things that make you want to enjoy your meal... eww just thinking about it makes me gag.
4	I don't know why so many people are ragging on this place. I've been coming here every time that I come to Vegas.Yes, the decor inside is a little "old" and yes so are the waitresses, but don't knock that down before you get to the awesome menu.To me, it's just a vendor serving up some good, local comfort food.Try coming for lunch as they have an affordable menu and plenty of tables available in the area.
1	Worst food I ever had!!! Would rather eat food outta the garbage than come eat at this culinary disaster of a restaurant
1	Food ok. Service stinks.
3	I have been to this Macayo several times for lunch as it's pretty close to my office.They have lunch specials that run around $8.The chips and salsa are decent, and I've liked all of the entrees that I've tried. Their chicken tortilla soup is pretty decent too.
4	I have been to Macayo's before and gave it a bad review which You can see in my profile but this time was the complete opposite. I was a little thrown off by the crazy shirts the staff wear but the place was packed and that is normally a great sign. We went with a few friends and we were seated relatively quick. Now to the reason that a star was lost. Our waitress came around the corner wearing her party animal shirt like everyone else which you would think would put you in an amazing mood, but instead she came around the corner like a communist leader demanding our order and being super impatient and not at all welcoming.. Once we gave Mrs. Marx our order she disappeared and did not come back until the food was ready.  (Pow, One star Gone)The Saving Grace here was the quality of the chicken Chimichanga that was brought to the table, first of all it was the size of a small baby and second it was probably one of the best chimichangas I have ever had. To me it says something when the food you serve can overpower the horrid service that your servers provide. I think we will go back from time to time I am just hoping that we dont get Cruella the waitress again.
2	It says a lot about a place when the best part of your meal was the chips and salsa. The service was very attentive, especially considering the huge party of sixteen she had to attend to (that being us).The food, on the other hand, is comparable to a fast food chain. I split a plate of tacos with a friend. The chicken tacos, soft shell, were decent. Literally, I could have gone down the street, and gotten them for cheaper. The rice and beans were sub-standard - nothing special. Other than the chips and salsa, the TCT was another shining point. A huge quesadilla, pizza-esque creation. It was pretty delicious. Authentic on the other hand? Not so much.In telling my brother's friends where I was headed off to for dinner, they all had the same response: "Macayo's? Oh...". I now understand. It's pretty much a glorified Taco Bell with a cult following.
2	I dined here with my parents, because they had frequented Macayo's when they were in high school. Unfortunately, this time, they were disappointed and felt that it had gone downhill. I on the other hand had nothing to compare it to. I thought the salmon tacos were so-so; adequate after a lot of margarita, but not great. They did have corn tortillas (thank goodness) but there was no interesting sauce. I don't know if they forgot it, or...? They did make a substitution for me (grilled vegetables for the rice and beans), which was cool. Our waiter was also very friendly and attentive. The house margarita was really, really weak but tasted pretty good, so I ordered another margarita, but one of the fancier ones (the "cowboy" or the "Texan" or some kind of western name) on the rocks. On the rocks turned out to be a giant tub of booze with a few melted ice cubes swimming in it. It was also much, much stronger than the house margarita; like too strong.
4	Coming from Texas I'm a snob when it comes to mexican food.  That's why I go with 4 stars.  I've tried a lot of places in town and this place is the best place to get mexican food in Las Vegas.  The queso is bomb!
4	SALSA!I grew up on Macayo's. My dad was a busboy there when he was a mere 15 years old in Old Vegas. I swear I wouldn't be as tall as I am today without the influence of the TCT (toasted cheese tortilla) and the bean and cheese burrito. I still haven't found an albondigas soup that even comes close to Macayo's. Plus there is nothing like their unlimited smooth salsa with tortilla chips that come at the beginning of every meal. Heck it's so good they sell the bottled salsa at your local grocery store. In my adult age, I have learned to enjoy a new aspect of Macayo's: the MARGARITAS. My favorite thing now is to bring my Cha-Cha margarita glass to the bar and have it refilled for $3.99 a glass. Cha-Cha is a ceramic glass in the shape of a Mexican woman and her hat serves as the receptacle for the healthy margarita refills. She originally cost $10.99 with a margarita. The service nowadays is a toss up. Sometimes it's great and sometimes it's not. They have a pretty good happy hour with discount beers and margaritas if you don't want to go the Cha-Cha route. You have to sit in the bar to take advantage of the half off appetizers. The Shredded Beef Burro Enchilada Style is beyond amazing. This may not be super authentico Mexican food but it knows the way to my heart.
4	We had a party of 3 adults and one child (9 yrs).  We enjoyed everything.  The service was satisfactory, the food was good and portions were good for the price paid.  We all took some home for another day.  The salsa was very good as was the guacamole..  I had the steak Cortez and was completely happy.I would be happy to return for another meal.
3	My roommate LOVES the shredded beef baja enchilada with extra baja sauce. The food wasn't bad, but it didn't exactly wow me either.What did stand out was that the waiter refilled our waters regularly (which Ryan really appreciates). He also refilled our chips right before we even finished! Granted, it was slow in the restaurant, but I heard that the service was rather poor... so it was nice to see that today was an exception for us.20% Rebel Discount!
3	Located in the University hood. Macayo Vegas serves pretty good Mexican chow.I had the enchilada sampler, which was good, but not quite a "WOW" experience.Their chips and salsa are pretty good, their frozen margaritas are pretty good, the service is pretty good, etc. I would return and try something else on the menu, but would not go out of my way to go here.  Not bad, but personally, I prefer Lindo Michoacan on East DI.C+
4	Wife wanted to go to Macayo for their baja burrito, so we went.    I had the poblano chile stuffed with chicken , cheese and covered in baja sauce.  It is deep fried in a crispy breading and it was very good. Almost like a chile relleno , but crispier and IMO better      . My wife's favorite is chile relleno and by the way she was eying my food , I know she was kicking herself for not taking my suggestion again and ordering this dish, but I gave her a taste anyway , just to tease her. Lol      We also had the green tamale bites as an appetizer ,  it came with Baja sauce.           The tamale bites are sweet masa balls that are deep fried and are addicting.. Service was fine.  I was pleasantly surprised by the quality and taste of the food ,We will be back
4	We've eaten our fair share of Mexican food here in Las Vegas, and this was one of the first places we tried.  It's consistently good, and not very expensive.  This was the first time for this location, and on a Sunday afternoon, not very busy.  We ordered the green chili bites as an app and they were so good.  I got the baja burrito which I love because of the sauce.  I could eat that on just about anything.  The food was fresh, hot, spiced just right and the service was swift, definitely a return visit is in order.
4	Not very authentic Mexican food but very good. Baja sauce is unique and tasty!  They were very accommodating to my gluten free food needs
4	I went with a group of about 10 people for dinner on a Friday night. They had a table saved for us in the bar area which was perfect. It takes groups awhile to get there so the server was checking on us from time to time and getting drinks as people wandered in. They also brought lots of chips and salsa for us which were very tasty.My dish was wonderful, (I ordered the baja enchiladas) and there was lots of rice and beans that came with it. i also ordered the side salad for $1.99 extra and it was really good. The rest of the table seemed to like everything they ordered.I will stop there again if i am in the neighborhood.
4	The chips make you really full so you won't finish your food, unless your like gorilla hungry.  I went with my bosses because they LOVE it here. I got a combination plate with a chicken taco and a baja enchillada and it was soooo freakin good. I was muchin! From what I heard how good the food taste depends on what resturant you go to and they say this is the best and I can't argue!
2	Well, this place went downhill prettttttty fast. Extracting the information out of our waitress made me feel like a CIA agent ready to water board somebody if they don't disclose what flippin flavors of margarita they offer, but don't print on the regular menu, and no longer have a drink menu....  After a long process of slowly piecing information from her I ordered the Cadillac margarita on the rocks which should be renamed salt water. Beyond that the chips were stale and flavorless, the salsa was watery and gross, the mini sampler appetizer featured an array of frozen mexican food from your local Costco microwaved especially for you. The enchiladas did not justify the clogged artery so I only ate about half of the first one. The server was nice and the guy refilling the water and chips was on the ball...except when he refilled friends root beer with pepsi.
1	I will never eat here again. Ordered to go. Food was frozen when we went to eat it less than 5 minutes later and it wasn't made correctly. Instead of trying to fix the problem, we were told it was our fault it was cold because they told us it would be ready in 15 minutes and we showed up in 20 minutes. Also we were told it was cold because I added sour cream and guac to the burrito. Any other restaurante I've been to that adds those sides seems to be able to serve the food warm. Customer service was awful and the food didn't ever taste semi-good. I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.
4	I don't often get good mexican food anymore now that I live in Canada - so every time I'm in Vegas, I always head for Macayo's.On my first visit last week I ordered my all-time favourite, a Chili Relleno. It wasn't as tasty as the one I had last year, and now rice and beans are an extra cost. I don't know what was different, other than it just wasn't as good as usual. the Relleno sauce seemed different, and I couldn't taste the chili as much as I should.On my second visit during the same trip, I ordered the shredded beef chimichanga. It was heaven! The chimi was huge, the beef was very flavourful, beans were perfect, it was heaven!Next trip to Vegas will mean another couple trips to Macayo's for sure!
4	Very good Mexican food We recoment the nacho's  lunch order was more than we could eat. We shared an order. we had eaten there year ago. We would eat there as regulars but we are from Florida.Carolyn our very good and helpful server said the lunch order came all decked out, the dinner Nachos are chips and cheese or build your own. Lunch for 2 was $13.48.
4	A real popular place among the UNLV students. I've been here many times but I'll focus on my visit last night.Hostess staff was not very friendly at all. There were two standing up there doing something with the cash register and completely ignored me and my party. Waited two minutes until a 3rd hostess appeared out of nowhere and promptly seated us. The other two girls never even made eye contact.Like most Mexican restaurants you get complementary chips and salsa. They provide two types of salsa - a mix between mild and medium that is going to be way too hot for the strictly mild crowd, and a weak hot variety. Our server was very nice and attentive throughout the meal. The food here is always delicious, and made well - but it's nothing to rave about. It's your typical Mexican fare with plenty of options. The decor is warm and inviting. It appears that you're eating outside in a Mexican cafe, with adobes and faux porch lined balconies.If you want good, authentic Mexican food ( and even some American choices such as chicken fingers,) you can't go wrong here.
2	Had been to Macayo's in the Phoenix area countless time, but today on our Dive bar tour . . . we decided to stop in for lunch . . . One BIG Mistake.The service was terrible . . . the server took our drink order . . . and THREE bowls of chips and salsa later . . . she was back with the drinks and took our order.  Another two bowls of chips later . . . the food arrived.  Problem was . . . it was COLD and GREASY.Saving grace was that we ate enough chips to fill up . . . we definitely not be back.
3	Standard Mexican food.Good location near the T&M if you're going to a game.Fair prices.Tasty chips & salsa.Mediocre service.The TCT (toasted cheese tortilla) was a staple in my childhood at the Phoenix Macayo's, and still holds a special place in my heart!
2	Macayo's is a restaurant that I have been to many times throughout my entire childhood. When seated you are met with chips, along with a mild and hot salsa. This location is great as it is close the the UNLV campus. The down side is the service is slow, and never ever friendly. It seems as though ever time I have been to this location I am lucky to get a water refill, and I am never greeted with a smile during anytime of my meal. It seems as though I am always "bothering" the server. This visit I got the fish tacos, with a chipotle sauce. The lunch portion is great, giving you two tacos for less than $11. I do not eat the beans or anything else, so I am not a fair judge there. Other than the food, this particular location as become known to me for their bad service.If you are looking for a typical Mexican restaurant, and are prepared to wait patiently for refills and service, this is a great place to grab a bite to eat.
3	Growing up in Arizona, I have eaten at Macayos a number of times, throughout Phoenix and Tucson. It is a favorite stop for our kids, namely because of the ambience. You don't feel uncomfortable if the kids get a little noisy.From that perspective, this one did not disappoint. However, the recipes at this location were a little different. Most notably, everything was a little less spicy. I usually order the "hot" salsa to go with my chips, as well as a baja chimi. Based on my experience in AZ, I expected them to be relatively spicy. Instead, they were pretty bland.
1	This is the worst Mexican restaurant. Chips were stale, the quality of food is trash so disappointed. El pollo loco is better then this. I recommend the word authentic to be out of there menu.
4	After class, I was picked up and taken away.  Surprise surprise.. They brought me to get a log.I have driven pass this place multiple times and never took the time to stop by.  My first thought, 20% off for UNLV Students.. Score!We came in for lunch, not too packed.  Very decent crowd for a weekday of course.  Place was very open ended.  Lots of tables and booths available.  We grabbed a booth and of course a bowl of chips and salsa arrived on cue.  Tasty chips, less salt, salsa was a little weak for me.  I need that hot stuff!  Lots of options for lunch of course with a special lunch price.  We all got different items.  I got the lunch burro (log).. Our server was very kind enough to have the cook put cheese on top so it was more appealing and looked more like a chimichanga.  At first sight.. I didn't think I would finish.. But, after a several bites and hot sauce.. I cleaned up pretty well.  No togo box necessary.  Shredded beef was delicious and the oozing cheese was wonderful.  Served on a hot plate of course.  I took a peek at what my friends had, very nice picks.  Plates look delicious as well.  May be a little less than what I was having of course.  They went with the 2 item options where they could pick up a taco, enchilada, tamale, etc.  But if you are an eater like me, better stick with the burro.  Service was on top.. I truly mean it because my water cup was constantly being refilled.  She offered to add syrup flavors to my friends lemonades.  Very nice of her and the fact that she offered to redo it if it doesn't turn out good.  Overall, I would come back to try out the other items.  Place had some slot machines and video poker.  Fire place was a nice touch.  I also noticed a bar area on the way out.  Parking is decent, doesn't look like it will be a problem..
3	I am quite snarky when it comes to considering Mexican food outside of my home state of Texas.  My coworker is obsessed with Macayo's, mainly because she is a Vegas native and grew up eating here.  She is really fond of it.  The restaurant itself is very large, and boasts a UNLV discount but it does not apply to any of the specials and we only go at lunch so I am not sure if it really works.It is located right next to Metro Pizza off Tropicana just east of Maryland so it is easy to get to from campus.  All celebrations surrounding her happen here, so I have eaten here more than I expected to ever.  There are plenty of reasonably priced, filling lunch specials - a whole large menu page of them - but I always stick with the combinations.  There is a choice of one or two items for $8.59 or $9.59 and it comes with rice and beans or double of whatever one (I get double rice), plus a small shredded lettuce and diced tomato garnish.  The choices include chile rellenos, enchiladas, tamales, tacos, and probably a few other options.  I typically stick with the chicken enchilada and the green corn tamale covered in spicy tomatillo sauce which is quite wonderful.  These items are covered in cheese so if you are not big on cheese, let them know.  I am never wowed by the meal but it is a good average Mexican meal if you are craving one.  I can justify anything covered in green sauce and I can assure you can find something on the menu to satisfy you here.  Service is hit or miss.  Today lunch was smooth and very fast.  Complimentary chips and 2 salsas are included.  Remember, guac makes everything better but costs extra!
2	On a recent trip to Vega$, I decided to try some local restaurants off "the Strip" for a change...partly to experience something new & also because it was a Sat & I detest the "weekend & holiday" price gouging at the casinos.  How dare you take such beautiful words as an excuse to jack the price of the buffet line when it's the same weekday food anyway!Driving down Trop Ave I noticed the banner hanging out front proudly mentioning a "Best of Las Vegas" award (albeit from 2010)...but would standards change in that short a time?  Maybe this raised my expectations.I arrived bout 11:30am & was given the lunch specials menu insert, but decided I would try some breakfast since it was still late morning.Selection was sorta limited...there were two choices.  Chorizo & eggs & Hueveos Rancheros.  OK, not many choices, but granted they don't open til 11am, so demand for break is probably minimal.Got the Huevos Ranch.  Just two (small to med sized) eggs on a tortilla...would it break to bank for the ownership to put large or XL eggs on a dish that costs 10 bucks w/tax?And on the side (Wait for It!) some beans (refried) Rice? no. Sour Cream? no. Some cheese sprinkled on the pintos? no.  Maybe a lettuce & tomato garnish on the side? no.  And maybe a pipe dream of a real ranchera sauce stead of the lame canned salsa?I told the waitress I needed some rice & she obliged...but it was kinda crunchy.  Ok guess the cook hadn't had a chance to cook some fresh stuff for the day & just grabbed what was left from the night before (albeit dried out enough that you could hurt your teeth.)Even though she didn't charge me for brittle rice, the bill came to nearly 30 bucks w/tax & tip for the huevos, guacamole (3) coffee (3), & albondigas soup (Carrots? no. Sprig of celery? no. Mex chayote squash? pipe dream.) Granted the cook didn't have a total aversion to vegetables...the soup bowl had the equivalent of one onion ring in it.Not that there's anything wrong w/ dropping 30 for breakfast for one(well maybe there is, but that's a different discussion) but it shouldn't have the minimal garnishments & burnt tasting coffee in one of the supposed culinary capitals of the country.
3	I've been here many times over the years. Not bad.
1	My wife and myself been coming here for along time and I have to say I'm gonna give it only one star. Reason being is the bar area. If you sit in the bar be prepared to get ignored by your server and the helper. There were only three different tables with people and only around 8:30 pm  ( they close at 10 ) and the server couldn't even keep up with that!!  We ran out of chips early and boom.....nobody around!  How convenient.  Both server and helper. GONE.  must have been break time.  I always hate when "you" the guest has to ask for something ie: drinks, extra, ect...WTF??!! I did notice even the servers had to wait on this person to make drinks for other tables. I love this place but, better stick to sitting in the regular room..
2	My best friend loves this place and I really cannot understand why. Every time we have gone, the customer services is awful. They are rude and take forever! They always get the check wrong! She loves the food, I find it to be mediocre. Not bad but not good. Nothing special. Though the prices are reasonable.
1	Andy and I sat at the bar tonight and the experience was almost impossible to describe. When we approached the bar the "bartender" Maxine says "it's dirty" so we sat down while she cleaned the bar. No hello, no I'll be with you in a moment... Nothing. The busser grabbed us waters and the hostess grabbed us menus. We were considering ordering margaritas but then witnessed Maxine dumping a new batch of margarita mix into the old container.... The date was just a little over 2 weeks old on the container. That's when we should have left... We ordered a 3 item como. Two shredded beef tacos and a cheese enchilada. The tacos were sour... Not a great taste for beef. The enchilada was Luke warm. We barely ate half the meal and asked for the check. We were never asked how it was. Over all the bar was disgustingly dirty, the food was terrible and the service even worse. Were honestly worried about getting food poisoning. This was my favorite restraunt as a kid, this expierence makes me very sad and disappointed. I will never return.
2	When we're in Vegas, we like to eat off of the strip some. My grandparents are very fond of this place so we come at least once a summer. This is your typical mediocre chain. The portions are large and it looks like a basic Mexican restaurant. It's not the best I've had but not the worst either. I think every region has one of these "family" chains that the older crowd love. I probably wouldn't come back unless I had to.
1	Out of Business.  Another one bites the dust.  Went there today at 1115am. for my moms birthday.   No sign but door was still locked, and outside trash cans overflowing.  Phone number isn't any good.A semi trailer, attempting to make a delivery and all four of our cars left..We ended up at Lindo Michoacan on DI and Pecos.  Which made me very happy.Probably a Godsend as I never liked this place but unfortunately my elderly mom did.
4	Good food for the price, good service.  I had the chicken poblano, a special that night, and it was great. This is an Americanized Mexican food place, with a fun interior, a great place for a lunch or dinner away from the strip.  I give it four stars for the value.
