3	Cleaner than average, nice decor, friendly and pleasant staff, new massage chairs. $20 for a pedicure (20% off of $25 due to new ownership), $10 extra for a "deluxe pedi" that includes hot towels and an exfoliating mask. My only complaints are that they shave your heals without asking and trim the sides of your nails to prevent ingrowns- really ugly. Also, not the best paint job I've received. Good option for when you find yourself in North LV.
5	Much better job than Euphoria.  They worked hard in my calus areas and they did an excellent job on my brows.  I have returned repeatedly with the same results.  Although thr sign said $10 extra for hot towels, they used them free of charge.  Highly recommended.
1	Came here with a friend to get a mani pedi done & we didn't have an appointment, but when a walked in they told us very rudely that they didn't have time for both of us, only one. They didn't even ask what we were there for. They had maybe 3 people in the shop on a Sunday. Needless to say not recommending this shop. Never will be going back.
2	I chose this place because it was near my house and I was sick of my old place. (Nails World, which I also did a review for.) At first, I was very excited to find this place because it was just 2 minutes down the street from my previous spa and so much cheaper, but after a few visits I am no longer impressed. Here's a breakdown of what I found. Service cons: I always liked going here because my nail tech was super nice, but after a while I noticed she always cut my cuticles too deep. I was bleeding at every appointment. I finally had to say no because last time I went I was bleeding from 4 fingers and it stung for several days. Also, the color selection was limited and not good quality. I even requested several times for them to get more. Every time I left my pedicure, within 2 to 3 days my polish would just rub off, be dull in color, and look disgusting. I had to go in one time to get them repainted and it was happening because their top coat. They still have not changed their polishes/top coat. Finally, I like designs aside from normal flowers but they couldn't do any. She was always willing to try but it's not that great. Service pros: I was happy to go here because my nail tech was always extremely pleasant. In comparison to my old place, she was always welcoming to feedback and was very apologetic if I didn't like something. I am not very picky but some requests I made were in regards to the shaping of my nail or to adding extra coats. She never complained or made me feel bad for complaining. I almost feel bad for leaving them be because my nail tech was such a sweetie, but I can't stand getting cut anymore. Price: My usual gel manicure and regular pedicure cost $44.00. I also like to get designs every now and then on my nails, for example a simple zig zag on one finger and a different color on my index finger and they never charged my extra for this. This out of three shops near my house was the best priced.Atmosphere: The place always looked clean but massage chairs are pretty old and noisy. They usually have 2-3 people on staff and I usually have no problem getting in during the week, but today I came in (Sunday) and only 2 people were there with no time available which I felt was bad for a weekend.
3	Today I has a pedi and was very pleased with the service and the results. I did not have an appointment and they were able to fit me in. I would agree with a previous reviewer the polish selection are not high quality, however with that said, I prefer to bring my own so I can do touch ups. Tiffany was my technician and was pleasant and I will definitely be back. The great part, they have a $21.99 special, great deal, great local salon!
4	Their work is almost prefect especially when it comes to pedicures. I would give them and extra star if they didn't constantly turn walk-ins away. If you don't have an appointment, you're pretty much going to get sent away and asked to come back at a later time/different day. I guess that's a good thing because they're always booked but you can't really count on them to do a last minute job.
5	I've been going to Sweet Nails (accidentally after leaving my regular nail shop up the street) for about 2 years now. Mai has been my nail lady every single time. She does an amazing job, I've never had a nail break, chip or lift. My nails are solid for 3-4 weeks or more! The reviews mentioned cheap polish, I get gel because all shops use cheap polish in my opinion unless you pay $50 or more. I've only ever seen 2 people working at a time and it was hard in the beginning to walk in but I quickly learned to make sure to have an appointment. I highly recommend Mai at Sweet Nails.. don't forget to make an appointment first!
