5	Great fresh juice!  Prices seem steep at first glance but fruit is expensive. Like the saying goes, "Pay the farm now, or pay the pharm later."  "You have to try new food cause it might taste good." - Daniel Tiger
5	Awesome selection and so worth it!!!! Try the cider slider! You won't be disappointed
5	I am a true fan of anything Fox Restaurant Concepts rolls out in the restaurant industry but Juby True is just another reason why I continue to dine with them. I recently have been on this huge health kick and Juicing is my new favorite thing to do. My mornings consist of my Juicing at home to ending my day at Whole Foods grabbing a fresh squeezed juice to go. Though now that I can enjoy fresh juice while I shop is even better. With two locations in my neck of the woods I am down to swing by. (Blitmore and Scottsdale Quarter)I had the opportunity to visit the Scottsdale Quarter Location attached to True Foods. I was very impressed with the variety of healthy options to choose from. Between fresh pressed juices, smoothies, teas, coffee,  to boosters and much more. Basically one can catch a taste of their favorite veggies to yummy fruits in one teeny tiny spot. The menu is easy to read and so simple to find the option you may like. Now I read that they use a cold press to help keep the flavors and nutrients fresh. I also have to mention with so many food allergies people have no days they can play it safe. Options for gluten allergies, vegans and vegetarians. I have to say now that "ROCKS!"I did not get the opportunity to ask but I did read that they offer a 1-3 day cleanse package. I will have to check that out. So all you health nuts there is no excuse to grab junk and go while your shopping. There is a new sheriff in town and he is going to catch your heart after one visit.
4	This is a good option when I cannot get to my favorite juice place.  They are not 100% organic as the other, but only "the dirty dozen".  The flavors a ok, I liked the Oh Ginger and the Sweet Greens,  I always need a little fruit on my juices, sweet tooth issue.  The price is comparable to the other places.  Juices are not cheap, but it is worth it.  They are located next to the True Foods, across from Armani Exchange.
4	Welp, Yelp lied to me while I was on a mission to find juice. I searched for the new-to-Scottsdale Nekter, which curiously has 3 reviews, only to find the doors locked and signs of "opening soon" laughing in my place. Ugh! Internet, who knew you were full of lies!Then I realized I was just a quick jaunt away from Juby True and decided to complete my trifecta of dbag (yoga-shopping-green juice) and off I went!First, I love how cute this little stand is. It looks like a cozy, sunny beach house. In addition to juices, they have smoothies, coffee, tea and scrumptious looking baked goods. I grabbed a "pressed kale-aid" and loved it! It contains cucumber, kale, lemon, ginger, apple and celery. Ginger is a MUST for me in juices and this drink didn't disappoint with its spice-y kick. It was a delicious and incredibly refreshing addition to my day.I have to take a star off for paying almost $10 for a bottle of juice. I know, I know, the location pretty much all but mandates high prices but come on! However, their one-day juice cleanse was listed as $50, which is lower than I've seen at other juice locations and for that, they shall stay on my radar!
5	Very fast, super helpful looking for a juice that helps with detoxing after drinking. Plus the juice taste great! I am a regular juice drinker and I would rank this one higher than most. Plus it is connected to True Food a great restaurant with a great concept!
1	They were out of everything I wanted to order and I was getting frustrated and I could tell the cashier was as well-she seemed to get a bit irritated. I would go often if they had everything I wanted on hand. Seriously-they were out of hemp seed (thats one on the list) how is that possible? Lol.
2	Went here for my first time today because I have been doing a detox cleanse so a fresh drink was necessary. I ended up getting the weekend warrior. I personally didn't enjoy the drink . Didn't have much to offer. I have found many other smoothie places and this is something I wouldn't recommend.
4	The juice was fresh and the service was prompt. I love ginger and they add a very appropriate amount to their juices. It does seem however that ginger is represented disproportionately by being present in most their juice(6/8). I do understand the health benefits, but prefer variety in taste and presentation. That being said, being away from home, I love juice and was glad to not skip my daily bottle.
3	I LOVE this place!  It's such a great concept. They are very fast so if you are working on getting your juice while in the middle of running errands in this area you won't need to worry about being delayed. I've tried their skinny mini which is very yummy and gives you just the kick you need. I've also had a few of their green juice options that don't taste like grass which is how I typically expect them to taste when I try them.  Great people, great location, great juice!
5	I went here for the first time a couple of days ago after seeing this place open right by True Foods and seeing all the good reviews on here. And I can say I am in love with this place. Every time I come to Scottsdale Quarter I for sure and going to get something here. The prices are a little high but the amount you get and the freshness is so worth it. The menu is a good size for how small the actual place is. I got the Golden Child juice and it was so so good. I definitely recommend coming here if your in the Scottsdale area!
4	Good protein smoothies. I had the POM POM and it was refreshing and filling. All the juices are already bottled.. Just an FYI they don't make it right there so you can't make changes. I prefer it to be freshly made right there. They also have decent cleanses with a lot of selection so I am hoping to try one or two days of a cleanse soon!
3	Good stuff but expensive. My husband got me a smoothie (a small) they were out if lids too so it wasn't full. He got himself a milk protein. Our total was $22. That's a bit much. The smoothie was ok but not $22 good.
1	Terrible place- ordered iced green tea and tried to order one of the juice/smoothies options. They are out of my first 3 choices, finally order something that supposedly they are not out of- guess what, 2 minutes later they are out of it as well. At this point I just want to walk away but my bf really wants something so he decides on latte. We step aside and wait- 5 minutes later we hear- what was your order? Tea? Black or green? My iced tea arrives lukewarm and my coffee loving bf decides to throw the latte away as it is disgusting. In their defense- it was almost closing time but this whole situation could have been handled so much better.
4	The only reason this place gets 4 stars is due to price. The juices and elixers are delicious and do make you feel better. Not going to lie, the elixers are awesome for hangovers, colds, and headaches. I was not a believer in natural remedies such as oils and things but I'm starting to believe in it. This place is on the side of true food and is around 5 bucks a drink. The staff is super knowledgeable and many times speak over my head, which isn't too tough to do. I definitely prefer this place to true food.
2	Just because a business is in a nice area.  Doesn't mean it's the automatic bees knees!  I hate giving low star reviews, I really do.  But boy oh boy, the trouble we went through to get to this place just wasn't worth it.  I've never been to the Scottsdale quarter, parking was horrible.  Do I really need to valet park to go shopping?  Really?  Anyways after driving around the thing 2 times we finally decided to park in a loading zone.  It said 5 minutes, well 5 minutes was all we needed.  I was going to get a smoothie so I figured the energy boost from my smoothie will give me the endurance and stamina I need to chase the car down the street if I don't make it back in time and it gets towed so I wasn't worried. The place was nice and small.  It had a nice look to it that made it seem like we was really in for a treat.  I know it's not October but we got tricked instead of the treat.  I will admit I am being kind of harsh on the place.  The girl who helped us was very nice and informative of the drinks.  But like other Yelpers have said, they were out of a few things.  My girlfriend got the Weekend Warrior I believed. Which consisted of almond milk, vanilla, honey, and few other things.  Hers had a nice taste and even better aftertaste.  I should've got one of those.  Instead I got the Immunie.  And the only thing the Immunie was immune to was providing good taste.  It seriously tasted like very bad watered down orange juice.  I would've been more happy if they gave me a packet of Tang and said have it.  The drink was such a rip off at over $8.  Seriously, every time I took a drink I would just look at the drink with a stank eye and just wanted to punch the cup. Cause I felt like a idiot for continuing to drink this mugging in a cup. Every time I took a sip I said "eight dollars!" I've never wanted to punch a cup before in my life until that day.Even after saying all that, I would try the place again. If I happen to be in the area.  I went out of my way to find the place.  I won't make that mistake again, cause it was not worth it.  I usually like to give a place a couple chances and try something else on the menu before I review it.  But that drink just mad me angry at how bad it was for the price that they charged. I think when I got done with that watered down orange juice and was about to throw the cup away it spoke to me. It said "knock knock... Who's there? Orange...Orange who? Orange you glad I took your money?  No...I'm not."  That last part my have been a dramatization.
4	So delicious and unique. Not intimidating at all for new juicers like myself. Friendly staff that will take time to talk to patrons even if it's a little busy. Fox knows how to hire the right people and train! Golden Child is my fav. The Pom Pom is also delicious!  4 stars and not 5 because of the prices... I completely understand that fruit is expensive, but at the rate they are selling, I wish they could spill over the profit and lower the prices a bit CANNOT WAIT UNTIL THE CAMELBACK & 40th street LOCATION OPENS!  Eeeeekkkkk! :)
5	I do a 3 day juice cleanse once a month and have tried most places in town.  This was by far the best tasting juice and the customer service was exceptional!!! Everyone that I spoke with was very willing to offer suggestions so I got the most out of my cleanse.  This will be the only place I buy my cleanse from for now on.  Plus if you purchase the Fox Restaurant gift cards from Costco it makes the cleanse a little more affordable.  I just wish I discovered this gem sooner.
