4	Very interesting place!  I stopped at Home Depot first and dealt with an older gentleman that seemed annoyed to have to try and give me pricing on counters!Then I went to Construction Lots and had a great experience.  Greeted upon entering the warehouse, I looked around at a leasurely pace and was asked if I could use some assistance when I looked a little lost/confused.  Ameal was wonderful!  He did some basic options and quotes that were quite reasonable (much better than HD pricing).  I was impressed.  The place is a construction warehouse in a more industrial part of town, so don't expect all shiny and pretty.  But if you know what you need and have some flexibility, you just may find something great for a great price.
5	I LOVE this place! My construction co-worker told me about this place when I was looking for materials for a bathroom remodel.BINGO !!!! I ended up getting my cabinet, marble vanity top ($149!!!), sink, faucets, wall hardware, wall tile and light fixtures! What a STEAL! and great quality!Rick (the owner) is so nice and everyone is very helpful! No commissioned sales people here! I had so much fun & saved so much money that I want to remodel my whole house! ha ha ha
5	Yay! Two dirty, paint-covered and callused thumbs-up. Having recently purchased a bank-owned home, I have spent the last two months dutifully replacing every single stinking item the idiot prior owners stole. Some things are more fun to replace than others. New light fixtures? Okay, fun. Faucets? Sure, cool. But trim rings for recessed lights? Not so much. Especially when I found out they ran for $12 each... um, WHAT???  Almost eight hundred bucks on stupid metal rings just so my house will look less ghetto? And so commenced my search for reasonably priced trim rings. After finding them online somewhere for just over five bucks a pop, I ended up at Construction Lots one desperate afternoon. Lo and behold, they had boxes and boxes of the stupid little bastards... $8 each. Long story short, the attentive manager heard my plight and sold me all 65 kits for just over $5 each. Hell yes! I'd rather give my business to a local shop and save on shipping anyway. Construction Lots has made it to the top tier of my rotation for home improvement items, indeed. Many thanks to the awesome staff there and I'm sure I will see you all soon as I continue to knock the to-do items off my neverending list. One minor caveat, which is understandable given the close-out nature of their items: no returns. Make sure that faucet you buy actually fits. Not that I would buy a faucet without doing measurements or anything. Just sayin'.
4	they have gone out of business :(.
