4	pretty good pizza place... i get take out from here alot... the "pies" are large and you can get anything on them... the salads are also good... i have never eaten in the restaurant but it is normally busy when i am there...  kinda expensive for pizza but i have not found a place i like better (la grande does not count!)
4	I really like this place.The people working there were always nice and the pizza is just plain good.  Sometimes slightly salty, depending on which toppings you go for, but in general a good crust, good toppings, nicely cooked and pleasantly presented.At some point we became fans of the white pizza.  This one has no sauce on it, though they do toss on some spinich or tomatoes for color-- it's a toss up, I like it both ways.  This is not to say that their more traditional sauce-laden pizza isn't a fine choice as well.And for those who have ever had a calzone from "back east," we figured we would ask them if they could take their normal calzone and deep fry it, just like at Pizza Town, USA in my old home town of New Milford, NJ.  They were good enough to oblige us, but things went awry quickly.  Our theory was that the cook tried to bake the calzone before frying it, so we ended up with an oily glob-- kudos to them, though, for giving it a try.When I go back to visit in Phoenix a stop at NYPD is always on the agenda.
4	Coming back from NYC a pizza snob, this place holds its own with me.  They say their secret is using NYC water (or at least water that's Ph balanced to match that of NYC; it's not coming in via tanker).  Whatever it is, I like it and I've got some other NYers to back me up.Also high on the list are the garlic and cheesy knots.  My only complaints are that they serve Pepsi instead of Coke and that the ziti sauce can be a bit peppery sometimes.
5	I can never turn down NYPD- NEVER!So, like Allison said, what's up with the Pepsi product?  I prefer Coke as well.  But since this review is about the food, I give 5 Stars.  The pizza is pretty darn good.  I prefer the straight up pepperoni but when I am feeling meaty, I like the Brookly Family with the sausage and pepperoni.  The atmosphere is very casual and laid back, perfect for shoving pizza down your throat.
4	NYPD Pizza in the Camelback Colonade is a great little place for casual, no-fuss dining. The pizza is excellent, along with many of their pasta dishes. I have heard really good things about their cazones, but I have not ordered one yet do to the 20-30 minute prep time. The prices are reasonably cheap, and the service is friendly. Recommended.
4	I can't believe I have ignored NYPD Pizza for the past few years. I think I subconsciously thought I was going to get arrested or something.  I must have walked/driven past this place at least 200 times without a second thought of going in until last week. The joke is on me.Taking the sister, her hubby and the kiddies for dinner in Central Phoenix and finding a restaurant we would all like was a challenge and thanks to Oregano's having a 2 hour Saturday night wait - which is par for the course - we ended up here.  NYPD Pizza and a 20 minute wait?  We're sold.  Another must was a TV for the NFL playoffs which they showed in the small bar area. As for the interior, it very much felt like a neighborhood cafe with the interior brick facade and stringed lights criss-crossing the room.Well, NYPD Pizza delivered and then some.  They liked their pizza, minestrone and garlic bread knot thingies.  The girls got kids sized spaghetti and meatball, a coloring paper menu and crayons.  I needed to overload on carbs for a big race the next day so I ordered pasta.  My baked ziti with sausage was absolutely delicious.  Having had that same dish at Oregano's, it is much better than what they serve.  If you're not a fan of cheese you probably won't like the ziti at NYPD.  But since I love cheese, it hits the spot.I wouldn't have been able to tell the difference in water in the taste of their dough, but apparently the fact that they import their water from Brooklyn is a big deal.  Kinda pretentious if you ask me, but hey, I like the extra effort and I liked the fact that I did not get arrested.
5	yummy yum yummy pizza! I have been going here for years. Great place to  sit and gab with the girls around a hot pie and a cold pitcher. Great ambiance and very relaxed. Great pizza and desert!!
5	If you read my reviews you will know that I LOVE PIZZA!!!!!  This is one of my favorite pizza places in town.  I just can't complain.  I get the same toppings as I always get:  extra cheese, black olives, mushrooms and artichokes and it's always perfect!Totally reminds me of getting a slice in NYC.  It's even better cold the next morning!
4	Do you know pizza?  Or is pizza an acquaintance to you? Is pizza a long-term relationship, or is it the Betty that you picked up at Dos Gringos on a Friday afternoon?If you are truly a student of pizza, you know this:  it's all about the water stupid.  It really shouldn't be a secret why za in NY and C-town is so good.Hence, apply this rationale and you know the secret to NYPD.  Great za in Phoenix, AZ???  You bet!Pizza starts with the crust.  Without great crust, you can't have great za.  But...if you make your crust with the exact mineral content of water from Yonkers, NY....you have a great crust!Top it off with a spicy (not sweet) sauce, and moz that is of good quality and melt, and abracadabra....there it is.Way to go NYPD...pride in za making....and real ovens too!  Conveyor belt pizza is crapola, meant for California.I give it my 2nd highest 'sausage and pepperoni' rating, from the NY Pizza Guy.
5	Great pizza - great calazone's - don't care for the garlic cheese knots.
5	I eat here probably once a week for lunch and I must say, It's one of my top favorite pizza joints. Lunch here is a breeze. There is usually no wait at peek lunch hours and to boot they have an express lunch line that gives you the option to order by the slice from an assortment of pre-made pizzas. Ok. I know I know. Pre-made??? Let me tell you, they heat that shit right up in their oven and its perfect! I usually pig out here and get three slices, either the plain cheese (so simple and so good), the pepperoni/jalapeno or the tomato ricotta white pizza. Oh yeah, the sicilian style pizza is awesome, but that one you have get made fresh to order. Way better that way. You can really taste the NYC water in the dough with that one! If you enjoy a good Greek Salad this place has one of the best. The dressing is so damn good.I have tried on occasion to stray from the pizza and have always been disappointed. NYPD is excellent for pizza, I suggest sticking with that when you go.
2	This is anything but NY pizza...average at best and way to expensive!....If you want REAL NY piazza got to Bounos in Mesa (gautalupe & dobson)..It may be a hole in the wall but has the BEST piazza in the valley...take it from a person who grew up on NY piazza!
3	Pre-Review Note to New Yorkers: We KNOW. We GET IT. There is no good pizza outside of NY. I agree. Moving on...I am a true NY'er (Strong Island represent!) and a true pizza snob. I usually dislike all pizza that isn't made in New York. But actually, I'm kind of down with this place. So it isn't anything like NY Pizza. Big deal. The overall food and service is still pretty good.I like NYPD Pizza because you don't have to order pizza in order to have a good meal. The salads are great. My fave is the Chelsea Salad. The Italian Wedding Soup is also very good. The pastas are pretty good and I'm not really into tomato sauce. The only thing that is truly disappointing is the dessert. They make Gennaro Zeppolis - which are like my favorite thing ever - but at NYPD the zeppolis are kind of hard and stale and not delicious and fluffy like in NY. So boo for that.The Pizza is okay. Maybe even very good. Yes, New Yorkers are going to hate on it and call it crap, but the rest of you should go and enjoy. Tell them Jenny from the block sent you.
5	This is the best Pizza EVER! We order it here at work all the time and everyone loves it. For dine in it is nice too, and at lunch they do two types of service... if you want to get your food and get out you can order at the counter and they call your number. If you want to be served, they have waiter service too. It is a bit pricey, $18 per large pizza but well worth it.  PS, They DO deliver as of a couple months ago.My manager says "MMMMMMMMMM"
5	I love this place.  Love how thin the crust isWeighed down with soggy greasy cheese n stuff.I also love their buffalo wings.And caesar salads.It's my favorite.  Truly.
5	If you can make it out to NYPD on Camelback Rd. & 20th St. today (3/12/09) from 5-9 p.m., I am sure they'd appreciate your support. All tips benefit Muscular Dystrophy Association (MDA). Plus, police officers are serving tables.If police aren't your thing-stop by on Tuesday, March 17th and get served by Fireman!!!!!
3	YUMMMMMMY!!!I love their bruschetta! It comes shaped like it was pressed into a cylinder and it reminded me of a Tartar I had at a fancier restaurant.  Very unique presentation.  The flavor - even better! The perfect mix of tomatoes and all the right spices!I love pineapple on pizza, and I'm tempted to think they aren't canned pineapples here.  I suspect they use fresh pineapple because they were big and juicy! That's how pineapples are best!Now, if the service matched the food, it definitely would have been a 4 star experience.  I'll definitely go back, but I would not ask for the same server again!
3	I tried a few different kinds of pizza and they were all okay.  A few people had told me that they made "incredible" pizzas, but I didn't really think so...I'd say they were pretty good pizzas.  What I liked were the fresh tasting vegetables which topped some of the pizzas.  The cheese was a bit disappointing, especially since I don't think you can really go wrong with cheese...it just lacked flavor.All in all, I probably wouldn't go back...it just really wasn't all that impressive.
5	i tend to be pretty picky about pizza and wasn't expecting much from this place. so i was shocked how good the pizza was here! would go back for sure! great service!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	My daughter and I sort of stumbled on this place a couple of weeks ago.  We were at the Ulta just around the corner and she said she was hungry and she LOVES pizza.  We have been here twice as of this writing.  The second time around was "Kids Eat Free" night.  That is Wednesay for those of you with kids and it's a good deal.  I will eventually put together a list of Kids Eat Free places in the area.  For now let me tell you about NYPD.....The pizza is a winner!  Nice crust, great topppings!  They use paper thin slices of sausage instead of hunks of sausage.  The flavore is great too.  My daughter had a slice of black olive pizza and they were very generous with the olives....she loved it!  I have had the ceaser and the house salads and both were good and fresh.  So for the Kids Eat Free night adults need to order an entree (I think this includes a whole pizza too, not sure though) There were several things to choose from including cheese ravioli, baked ziti, and  lasagne.  I chose the lasagne and it was delish!  Piping hot with melted mozeralla over the top, I could not stop eating it!!  The flavors melded together nicely and it reminded me of my Mom's lasagne.  And did I mention the bread......OMG!!  The little ibites of heaven are sooooo good!!  I could have eaten ten of them!!  They are homemade, the real deal, yeasty goodness!!  Warm and just a little chewy, the flavor was amazing!!  Oh and the Desert Flower Ice Tea.....so refreshing!!!  I keep thinking about it, that's how good it is!!Try the canollis.....you won't be disappointned.  Kids get an ice cream sundae with their meal.  On our first visit Lori, our server, was a real sweetheart.  She gave me some coupons and signed me up for the email list.  And on our next visit , Jessica was awesome and attentive too!This is a small place but they also have an outdoor patio with misters.  The bar is tiny, probably seats 10.  Flat screen for watching the D'backs and some good beers on tap, along with Happy Hour specials makes this a great place!!  This will be somewhere we will frequent!!  Thanks NYPD!!!
4	Coda B. and I don't go out for pizza very often. This is for 2 reasons. 1. Coda likes Domino's. 2. I like, nay, LOVE mushrooms on pizza (among other delicious vegetable toppings) while Coda prefers his pizza be served with toppings that, at one point, had a face. I'm not a vegetarian by any means (see my review of Blue Nile for proof), I just strongly prefer veggies on my pizza. I feel the tastes compliment each other better, and it's also much prettier. Neither of us is a big fan of compromise, so splitting a pizza is usually a challenge. NYPD took the pain out of pizza for us. We ordered a 14" 5-topping and our AMAZING server let us know that, if we so desired, we could do 5 toppings on one half and 5 DIFFERENT toppings on the other, at no additional charge. I wanted to kiss her feet. I don't think she realized how far we would take it though, as our respective halves did not share one topping. That's right, we don't mess around. At this point in the meal, my Yelp rating of NYPD was 5 stars. Of course, I still had to eat the pizza.   It is utterly confusing to me how so many places can claim to serve "New York" pizza and fail miserably, while almost every pizza place actually located in New York manages to pull it off. It's as if something magical happens when pizza is prepared in a new york zip code, and it's nearly impossible to recreate. But people keep trying. NYPD did not successfully recreate New York pizza. However, for Arizona pizza NYPD is definitely up there. And no, I've never waited 4 hours for pizza.Four stars for the food and cute, albeit somewhat gimmicky, ambiance. Five stars for the service. Our server was incredible, and they even gave us a gift bag when we left! It had coupons and a magnet! I used to order from a Chinese delivery place solely because they gave you little trinkets with your order, and I do order happy meals every so often so yeah, I guess you can say I'm a fan of gifts with food. So thanks for the magnet, New York Pizza Department. I will be back.
4	Ok I like Pizza but I don't eat it often because a whole pie in a single girl's household, well ends up being consumed for breakfast, lunch and dinner and settles onto her' azzie' in record speed. Yeah I'm no twig by far and I like food, actually I love good food. Anyway my NY friends & kids rave this is the best pizza ,so I go give it a try. Hey what can I say I ordered two different slices and ate them both! It was awesome pizza much to my surprise, since these kids eat frozen pizza, and I'm skeptical that any pizza served by the slice and individually topped can be palatable. Ok I admit I'm wrong! I'm stuck up about these things. NYPD has great pizza I can walk in order two slices however I want them, not go broke and not eat pizza for an endless number of meals and wear it my thighs and my azzie for the next month or two! I'm happy.
5	I am giving this place 5 stars but as a disclaimer I've only had their pizza. My fiancee and I have gotten pizza from this location a couple of times and every time it's hot and Delicious. This location is very convenient for pickup or they have a patio if you're feeling social. We usually get the Vinny's favorite where you can choose up to 5 different toppings. We get a new combination of toppings each time and are never disappointed. I would highly recommend trying ricotta cheese and eggplant on your pizza. We will be back for sure!
1	Overpriced, overrated, HORRIBLE SERVICE!  When asked for a spoon with which to eat my pasta, they actially gave me an iced tea spoon!No bartender, I sat for 15 minutes without a greeting, anything. The grey-haired manager stomped aroumd the restaurant avoiding all contact with customers.  What's the point/benefit on that?DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY AT THIS AMATEURISH OVERPRICED DUMP!  INSTEAD, GO TO MEATBALLZ IN THE SAME CENTER,ON CAMELBACK. MUCH BETTER FOOD, REASONABLE PRICES AND NO ICED TEA SPOONS!
5	I had to pick up my car after it had some minor cosmetic surgery at Scott's Coach Works and decided to stay in the area for awhile. After browsing around Last Chance awhile I decided to grab some lunch before heading home. Although their premade pizza's looked pretty good, I decided on the lunch size Louie Prima calzone. The wait would be about 20 minutes, so I went next door to Fry's for some quick grocery shopping. I picked up my lunch and it just about killed me to smell it but not inhale it on the way home. As I finally sat down to eat it I was like a kid at Christmas! Every time I tore into the perfectly browned crust I found another treasure. Sliced tomatos, gobs of spinich and a load of my absolute favorite-ricotta cheese all mixed up with a fair share of mozzarella too! And of course the marinara sauce for dipping.It was pretty messy to eat, but anything I eat usually ends up being messy and in my book: messy=good. I'm a fan!
1	35 minutes. That's how long my four-year-old son and I waited from the time we sat down until we received our lunch. Granted, my son is more patient than most children his age, but after about 20 minutes, he started to ask about where his food was. This occurred on Good Friday between 1:30 and 2:30 pm.I guess I should have been alerted to this situation from the moment I walked in. No one greeted us, and it took about three minutes before we were even acknowledged. We wanted to sit outside, but after 60 seconds of debating with a colleague, the gentleman told us there were no outside seats - although we clearly saw two empty tables. Then, the shirts on the employees said, "Unique like a Brooklyn accent." I really should question a company that doesn't use proper grammar. (It should read, "Unique, like a Brooklyn accent.")The person who seated us also took our order moments after we sat down. I asked for apple juice for my son and was told they were out, so we switched to iced tea for him and water with lemon for me. We shortly received our drinks - sans lemon. After we were there about 10 minutes, a large party of 10 was seated near us. Half were small children my son's age and they received lemons with their beverages, so my thought that the restaurant was perhaps out of those too was erased. Unfortunately, our waiter never checked on us, and I actually had to flag him down as my son was whining for food to get a water refill and ask - again - for a lemon. It was then that he told me he'd check on our food.FINALLY, 35 minutes in, our food arrived. I think we were so hungry at that point that dirt would have sufficed. My son doesn't usually like mac and cheese that is penne with cheese sauce, but he ate nearly all of it. My eggplant lasagna was certainly not the best I've had. Neither of our items was baked, so I'm still not sure what the holdup was. And, by the way, the table of 10 received their food before we did and came and left in the hour we were there. While I'm complaining, my son's ice cream was so frozen I almost needed a knife to cut it for him.I would like to say the poor service was because the restaurant was understaffed. Although the place was full, I counted seven employees, including a manager. Other tables were receiving much better service, so I'd have to say the problem was more with our server (who never shared his name). My son and I eat out about once a week, and I always leave 20% for a tip, but this time I left $1 on a $16 bill. At first, I felt badly about it, but then I remembered, "Oh yeah, it's not like I'm ever coming back here."*** On 4/5/10, Alana, a representative from NYPD Pizza sent me an e-mail when she came across my review and offered her sincere apologies, a follow-up call from customer service, and a coupon for a free pizza / meal. I was very appreciative of the response, and as I told her, I've been to other NYPD Pizza locations with much better results; I think this episode was the result of a new or poorly trained server.
1	Their delivery service was disappointing.  I was told 45min to an hour for delivery. At about 45 minutes the driver shows up with the wrong pizza.  He calls in and they tell him that it's in the oven, so he tells me he'll be right back. 45 minutes later he shows up with a cold pizza. This ruined the dinner experience.  I couldn't tell you if their pizza is good because I am not a fan of room temperature pizza. As a consolation the bum driver gave me some coupons (thanks!).
4	Great delivery and take out. Great Wings, Salads and Sandwiches. If you want something really good, get the Brooklyn family Pizza or the Louie Prima Calzone. The restaurant looks clean and comfortable. I didn't have any issues with deliveries of take out. Go here if you like Pepperoni, Sliced Sausage (not the cheap crumbled one) and fresh basil on a pizza or Tomato, mushroom, cheese and spinach in a calzone!
5	Went to @NYPD_Pizza for the first time tonight, because I had a coupon for a free entree.Now, let me make it clear, I was an idiot, and I didn't print the coupon, because it clearly stated you could merely show it to your server from your phone.So I did that. And because I did, I didn't read "the fine print", which clearly stated what exactly you were entitled to.The coupon: http://goo.gl/tuISSo after we had placed our order, I looked at the coupon again, and noticed the listing of what was included in the entree selection. Feeling a case of caveat emptor, I searched out our server, and informed her of my mistake.Her response was fantastic; she said what we had ordered already (shells florentine) would be probably be ok, but she would verify.She did indeed check, and they claimed that since neither I nor they caught until well after the order was placed (it was only about 5 or 10 mins...) they would go ahead and make the adjustment on my check.That's customer service, beyond and above. I fully expected to have to change my order, or pay full price for the shells, and would not have felt that it were anyone's fault but my own.The food was pretty tasty. Along with the shells, we ordered the Brooklyn Family Style pizza, which had pepperoni, sausage, and fresh basil.The shells were pretty good, but nothing phenomenal.The basil aroma that accompanied the arrival of the pie was wonderful! The sausage volume was a bit sparse, but the pizza was delicious, and I would recommend it.It was a beautiful night, so we sat on the patio. The table that we were at had a slight ant problem, but once I cleared them, they didn't return.Our server was a bit overwhelmed, but overall I think she did a decent job, and I made sure I showed my appreciation for her efforts.I may back, but only if I were in the area.
3	Yelp pointed me to this place while on a business trip-- looking for good pizza in the area.  Kind of a mixed result.  The restaurant is located in a strip mall, sort of hidden in one of the back corners.  Walk in thinking fast food, but turns out it's sit down.  Why does it seem all the burger and pizza joints in this area are sit down-- odd...  Anyway, I got three slices.  Quality was ok-- a bit doughy and filling, I couldn't make it through all three.  Lots of free refills was a nice touch on a 105 degree day.  Staff were really friendly, and, oh yeah-- it was cheap!   Less than 6 bucks for more pizza than I could eat and bottomless coke.  So, great value, nice service, just ok pizza, though.
4	Not a well known location so its not as busy as some NYPDs I've been to. Just as good as the others though. Probably the fastest I've ever gotten my Calzone. I'd definitely go again.
3	Decent pizza for a chain.  We ordered a side of meatballs which were just ok.  There was too much bread crumbs and not enough spices.  We ordered the "thin crust" which isn't what you normally expect.  The "thin crust" was really just the standard pizza crust.  Would come back but definitely not very memorable.
4	Great service (a waitress named Emily). We got our food pretty quick, and it was delicious, and for a very reasonable price. Warning: the size large salads are HUGE, so order a small if it's just for one person. Wings are very tasty. I'd recommend it.
4	I've ordered out and dined in several times and their food is delicious.  I am usually willing to try new things, but when I go here I just want the same thing.I start off with a small Chelsea Salad, which can be a whole meal if you get the large size and put chicken in it.  But it also is topped with almonds, bacon, cheese and a creamy dressing to die for.  I usually save room for a 14" pizza that is split between my husband and I.  I can still eat half, even with the salad and several toppings.The price is not bad, but the food is good!  There is an option for a 5 topping pizza for $17.00.  Their beer selection is average, but it's better than not having any beer at all to go with delish food.
1	WOW!  I have never been to a place with service this horrible.  I may have caught them on a bad night, but I'm not giving them a second chance to find out!I came in with a group of 4.  We stood up front for 5-10 minutes before waving someone down to be seated.  That was a mistake..As we're waiting for a server to take our drink order, we noticed that EVERY single table had empty cups waiting to be refilled, dirty plates that needed bussing, and people with impatient faces.  There was only 1-2 dedicated servers, and they completely ignored us.We stuck around just to see how long it would take before someone took our drink order, it was like being in the Twilight Zone.  After 30 minutes and flagging down 3 employees, we just walked out laughing, no one had even apologized for the wait, I'm not sure they even saw us leave!  It was the strangest restaurant experience of my life.What a joke...**EDIT**  To their credit, right after I posted this review, I received a message explaining that the Director of Operations would like to amend the situation, even going so far as to include their cell number.  I admit that I feel strange posting such a negative statement amid all the 4 and 5 star reviews, I'm assuming I caught them on a really bad night.  I'll edit this if I ever return to the restaurant, but the fact that someone actually reached out to try to rectify things says something
3	Pretty good chain pizza.  Service was good too once I got the waitresses attention.  I must say that there is nothing special about this particular restaurant/location.  I had a small side salad with vinagrette dressing.  Very tasty.  Followed by the "Meateaters" pizza for one (10").  The pizza was really just average.  Nothing to write home about.  And they're not cheap by any means.
4	Yummy food and nice guys making it
5	1st time at NYPD last night. Our son has been talking about it and my husband loves NY style Pizza so we went. They welcomed us like we were the most important customers. Courteous, welcoming, hospitable. Our wait person Sunny is amazing. Pizza is Fab. Sandwiches are Fab. Will go back again.
5	Too often, you eat out at a place for years, and because it's not new to you, it doesn't cross your mind to write them a review on Yelp. That's what I realized when I went to grab a quick lunch to go from NYPD Pizza today. How have I never reviewed them? Because they've been a staple for several years, isn't that more reason to give them a great review? (I promise I'm going to start going through my memory bank and start writing more of these types of reviews)So like I said, went to NYPD for a quick bite today. Ordered a small chicken ceasar salad to go. The cashier was a younger guy and really friendly. I thought there was a deal for checking in on FourSquare, but the manager that was standing nearby said it was only for dine-in with a group of 3 or more. He gave the discount to me anyways (shhh!). Extra points in my book. Salad came out quickly...drove back to work...and enjoyed a fresh and delicious lunch! The end. =)(Oh and their garlic knots are ridiculous too)
4	First time eating here and they were very busy. The service was good not fast and not slow. Really good flavorful pizza not a bad price
5	Great Pizza joint... A little on the pricy side for pizza, but if you catch a lunch special or something its not too bad. Ive been coming to this place for years and its good every time.
4	I love pizza, and I love the Brooklyn here. Sausage and basil are a beautiful combination atop the thin crust, tomato sauce, and mozzarella substrate. All the pies are excellent actually, monstrous calzones, and salad too. It's not five star because I just don't think they were going for that sort of thing, it certainly won't break your bank with under $7 lunch specials and average priced pizzas. Possibly better than actual New York pizza, but I'll leave that up for debate.
5	This pizza has to be one of the best in the valley. I ordered a 5 topping 18" for about $25, well worth it. My brother just had his wisdom teeth pulled two days ago and has been eating oatmeal and pudding for these past two days. I holla lets do some NYPD for lunch! my brother jumps up with this smile on his face, so we head out. Fresh ingredients, good service, well worth it.
4	Have been here several times for many years...Just never wrote a review...Had a craving for a pizza with sausage & pepperoni; and NYPD Pizza just fufilled that craving...Love the pizza, pastas, salads and even the desserts I've tried...Will be back again and again...
4	This is the first NYPD I believe and I was here on opening day.  Back then the pizza was insanely good and overall it still is.  We went here for dinner while we doing Hell City at the Biltmore.  Figured it was cheaper than spending $200 on dinner there.  My girlfriend and I ordered a couple slices of pizza.  My only problem with the pizza was that it seemed the crust wasn't as good as it usually was.  I wondered if they changed it or it wasn't cooked all the way.  Usually when I eat their pizza I will destroy their crust at the end..  I ate it, but it wasn't the same.They are also a Pepsi vendor, so that's a plus for me.  NYPD is still my favorite pizza place, but this past visit wasn't the best for me.
4	great pizza i always get the brooklyn and am satisfied everytime. the only thing i think they can work on is their delivery times maybe. not sure why but it takes them a minimum of an hour to get the pizza to my apt even though i live only a couple blocks away.
4	The pizza is really good here! Good ingredients, lots of cheese and crispy crust. I won't say it's like NY pizza, but it's very tasty in its own way.Friendly service and charming ambiance, with lots of Frank Sinatra music, and subway-esque signage. Only thing I haven't liked here is the lemonade, it's made from a mix, and the temperature in the restaurant is always freezing.
4	I really like this NYPD location.  I don't know that I have been to one in the past, but I think I could be a fan if I go enough.I came here for lunch with a co-worker, and we both had a really good time.  They have a nice menu selection, and the staff here was pretty darn cool.  When we walked in, we were greeted by the hostess, who asked us if we wanted to sit down and have a waitress, or go with the Express Lunch.  She explained the express lunch to us, and we went for it!  We didn't want to waste any time digging into our food, and I'm glad the hostess told us about it right away.The food here was pretty good, and along with plenty of seating, a bar area, and a nice big menu, I can see myself coming back here as a customer.  Keep up the good work NYPD!
5	Great food, great staff and i can bring my dog.
4	It was so hot on the day I went to this place, they were baking the pizzas on the roof! hehe!  I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the pizza, pretty damm good. I have 2 slices and one of Sicilian; all were just like NYC. The service was good too, unlike in NYC. :)
3	Food is pretty good... Pizza, pasta, Caprese salad.. Biggest complaint is the service. It's always horrible and slow. Food takes forever for some reason, at all their locations. If you're in a rush, don't bother.
4	I actually like the pizza here. I have been searching high and low for good pizza near my new home downtown. I'm in love with Rays Pizza and when you're in love you want nothing else but what you love.Went in pretty late on Saturday night and the place was packed. We ordered the cheese bread and that was pretty good.Next up was the white pizza. Very good. I was surprised! The crust was very good, crisp yet soft and it actually had some taste to it.The wait staff was very nice too but they were very busy trying to calm down the drunk cowboy fan. Kudos to them for trying to keep that jerk under check.Anyway, I will definitely head back again. I hear they deliver too!
4	I love this Pizza place!!!!!I had the white pizza and it is amazing!!!The only set back is its kinda pricey compared to other pizza joints but it is worth it for the quality of the pizza!!!
5	As far as take out goes, this is true NYC style pizza.  I had two slices of the cheese for lunch today, and I can't wait to eat it again!!!
5	Aside from the great pizza (Vinny's is my favorite), I go to NYPD for the GARLIC KNOTS!  I could throw down a six-pack without thinking twice.  Each bite-sized knot packs a serious garlic and buttery punch.  Every now and then I get the garlic cheese knots, but most times I stick with the original.
4	My first time ordering pizza delivery from NYPD. I viewed the menu of pizzas online, but their ordering system was down.. so I called & decided on the Joey's special Sicilian pizza.  The half order was 6 huge slices, so to me, it is enough for 3 meals.  I love Sicilian pizza from Brooklyn and was curious if they could come close.  Joey's version is vegetarian.All in all not a bad pizza.  They were a little light on the mushrooms, and a little pricey for a pizza, but the service was friendly and attentive.  Also, the next day, warming up that pizza in the oven gave it that slight extra crunch that made it really good, so I recommend you warm it in the oven if it isn't delivered bubbling hot.
4	Great pizza mainly because the crust is so good.  Get clam and onion, trust me, this isn't a joke, you'll love it.
3	Good Fast chain of pizza places Not great not anything special but really its hard to find good pizza in the valley still on the hunt.  I don't think a chain place is going to make the cut.
5	I wish they had a location closer to me! I've always done the take out but now I guess they deliver too! The pizza is crisp and has the perfect amount of cheese. I like that they have updated their website. They have a 10" pizza which is great for a night in alone. Prices are spot on. Staff friendly.
5	A staple for pizza night or if you want a good Italian dinner at home without slaving over it for hours.
2	Ahh the joys of living in Phoenix.  The cheery voice taking my order let me know about the 1-1:15 hour delivery wait.  I just had to try something different than Dominos.  Guess what?  Dominos is actually better and $10 less than my overpriced $32 pizza/meatball sandwich meal.  This has solidified my opinion that the best pizza in Phoenix is still Spinatos.  The NYPD meatballs had a taste that could not be recognized; if these are meatballs, then they should be renamed spicy bready dough balls.  The pizza was a little warm when I got it and certainly not thin crust.  So many pizza places lie about "thin crust" that the next time I'm going to ask how thin?The cheesecake was actually the best part of it; next time, skip the pizza and just order dessert for lunch!
4	We stopped in late on a Friday night. We were seated immediately and our drink order taken. Our server was friendly and we never had to ask for drink refills and she stopped by regularly to check on us &  Even though they were closing in an hour, we never felt rushed.
5	You have got to love NYPD in my opinion it is far and away the closest thing in the valley to be sitting in the Bronx..... The bombers were even on the TV for lunch...... And the fact that Josh (mgr) gave me a new T-shirt doesn't hurt..... But seriously if you haven't ever been to an NYPD go... their all great but this one is by far my favorite..... Til next time
5	Great place! Great pizza, great prices, and great fast and friendly service...
2	I ordered take out from here last night, and I love the idea of having New York filtered water in your crust. This is supposed to be the ingredient that makes real NY style pizza taste the way it does. I ended up ordering a sicilian style pizza, and got the full size pie. My only complain in general would be the cost for my pie. Total after tax was 29 bucks, and thats a lot of money for just one pie. I understand the cost of food and labor along with the better quality ingredients, but I don't even spend that much on an Oreganos deep dish pie, and theirs actually taste better! The sicilian here doesn't really stand out. There's not enough sauce or cheese, and the toppings are just so so. The crust was nothing special, and I honestly thought that Pizza Hut's pan pizza tasted better. I got the Vinny, which has five toppings on it, and split my pizza with two on one side and three on the other. I got meatballs and tomatoes, and pepperoni, mushrooms, and black olives. Meatballs were dry as shit and sliced. Even Barro's has better meatballs! Everything else was just so so, I can get the same thing but better at Barros, at a fraction of the cost! All in all, two stars for high cost and nothing to back it up. I get it, a bunch of people hype up your joint and that's fine, but follow through with it and make that 30 dollar pie blow my taste buds out of the water!
5	Great food! The wings were big, and saucy, just the way we like em! The pizza was tasty! The crust was nice and crispy. We will definitely try this place again.
4	I must say I was pleasantly surprised.  I ordered a 10-inch pizza with breaded eggplant and artichokes.  It was soooo good!  This pizza definitely reminded me of home!  Shoutout to my Yelp friend Ebony W.  It was her check-in that sparked my curiosity to try this spot :)  Ooh and they have locations throughout the valley.  I will have to try the Scottsdale location next!
3	Pizza is very good!  Patio is nice and well shaded.  They will allow pets on the patio if well behaved!
1	Overpriced, Terrible service!  I've been a long time customer of this chain, but I won't be going back! For a long time I was happy to pay the high price for a great pie, but on a recent trip the poor service left a sour taste which has prompted me to visit the MANY other great pizza joints in the neighborhood.  The manager was short, snarky and seemed to be put out to have me come pick my pizza up for take out.  When I called from a friend's phone and told him I didn't have my phone but that I was a previous customer and gave him my number, he said he would just drop the pizza at my house and charge my credit card if I didn't show up.   When I did show up and had a beer with friends while waiting he had the audacity to make a comment that if our intoxication became a problem he would have to ask us to leave.
5	I've only ever tried the Brooklyn (pepperoni, sausage and basil), particularly because it was so amazing.I moved to NYC last year, and I have yet to find a pizza as good as the Brooklyn at NYPD Pizza.  Pretty ironic, right?  My girlfriend and I are often disappointed each time we try a new place that doesn't quite live up to NYPD, we look forward to getting this again once we visit Phoenix again.
1	Second try ordering online. Ordered this time despite the difficulty communicating with everyone who answered the phone. $22 before tip is pretty steep for a med pizza. Hope it's good. Fingers crossed. Will update when food arrives.
2	Pizza was ok.. I ordered Vinnies, which is your choice of 5 toppings.  Italian sausage, black olives, onions, garlic and basil.  It wasn't bad - but it wasn't great either.  The server was exceptionally friendly and helpful - but the service was the high point of the experience.
4	NYPD pizza is overall good pizza in Phoenix. I have been to several of the locations and they are fairly consistent. They have pizza by the slice, which I like, and you can get all kinds of toppings on your pizza for cheap -ish. I had a slice with garlic, basil, meatball, tomato, goat cheese, and something else I can't think of right this second....it was pretty delicious. The BF and I shared some spinach artichoke dip as well, which is always delicious and terrible for you. The service is somewhat inconsistent, sometimes it is fast and friendly and sometimes it is slow for no apparent reason. The last time I went it was the latter. Despite this, I would go back because the pizza is tasty and cheap.
4	When it comes to pizza....I am a snob. After tasting the food of the gods direct from NY, I have yet to find a suitable facsimile in other parts of the country. I will say that NYPD comes pretty dang close. Even some of my friends from the east coast can attest that it is "pretty close to NY pie". I am partial to eating pizza like a fat kid so when I get a slice of sicilian in front of me you would think that the zombie apocalypse was right around the corner. The prices are fair for what you get and I highly recommend eating carbs with your carbs and order yourself the cheese covered garlic knots. If anything, you will be vampire proof for at least 24 hours.Some locations have a great Happy Hour and an acceptable set up for alcohol.Go, eat, love, regret and do it all over again.Boo to the yah.
4	They aren't great, but they certainly are exceptional. It's just around the corner from where I live so from time to time, usually during football season for mnf, is what I love coming here for if it's just me to lay low and watch the game minus the company you find in a typical sports bar crowd. The food is exceptional and reasonably priced. I'm mostly a beer guy, but here I actually will spring for some wine once in a while. I'm also normally a pizza guy. I mean I really, really like pizza, but here I've gotten pretty much everything else but that, simply because I already know the pizza is good, but so are the other pastas or sandwiches they have, which are slightly cheaper. My favorite so far is their roast beef sandwich. I've always found the waiters to be good and accommodating and I even like the patrons that will come in, which are either families in the dining area or people just sitting at the bar drinking a glass of wine while they wait for their take out order. Never found it to be too crowded, or too loud, or otherwise obnoxious. All of which is why I really like the place. Usually during the course of a game I'll order a pasta or sandwich and a couple beers and the bill will be less than $20 so that's pretty good.
5	I have lived in Phoenix since 1985 and have been searching for the perfect pizza.  Finally found it.The Sicialian is excellent.  I remember walking down the streets in the Big Apple and going up to a pizza parlor with window service and buying a slice of the Sicilian pizza pie and continuing down 42nd St while devouring it.   Well NYPD did not dissappoint me.  One bite and I was hooked.  I no longer have to wander from pizza joint to pizza joint looking for the taste I have so long craved.  Now if I could just find a pizza like the Vinnie Pie I used to buy at Vinnies on Ardmore Blvd back in Pittsburgh.Well I guess you can't have it all though so I will just stick with what I have found at NYPD.
4	This is a nice little pizza place, one that I can see myself coming back to. I recently ordered the small Brooklyn pizza with some cheesy garlic knots. The crust was cooked nicely, with some tasty pepperoni, sausage and basil. The cheese on the knots didn't really stick well, but it was all pretty good as well.
4	A Great Pie At A Great Price!On every visit to NYPD I am seated promptly, and the service is always outstanding. There has never been a time where I had to wait for anything.  The staff is very accommodating. As a native from NYC I can be pretty picky when it comes to my pizza. I really enjoy a good slice of NY style pizza folded in half loaded with toppings and NYPD never fails me. NYPD serves up an authentic pie with just the right amount of seasonings, a tasty blend of oregano and basil. Topped with a  fabulous sauce and NYPD  never scrimps on the toppings. Their pizza's are loaded. Not to mention, as an extra bonus, a NYPD pizza holds up as a great leftover, even when reheated unlike many other pizzas west of the city.I have never been disappointed in an NYPD Pizza and will always go back for a slice or two!
4	I was contacted by NYPD management who took the time to assist in resolving my previous issues.  It's still a bit pricey, but it is quality.  They have resolved the service issue and on my subsequent visit I was very pleased on all accounts.
5	It almost doesn't get any better.  Great prices, staff, atmosphere and food!  I recommend the Sicilian (thicker crust)
1	Mediocre pizza, HORRIBLE service.  We told the waiter that we were in a hurry and it still took 45 minutes to get the food.  We had two minutes to eat it and it was boring.  Then I got to argue with the waiter, so that was fun.  Go to the Parlor.  It's got better pizza and WAY better service.
4	Love this place! We first discovered it in TN and thought it was only over there. Luckily it's all over the valley, we love it!
5	Let me preface this review by saying that I've always had great service here. The staff is VERY FRIENDLY and I do not have one bad thing to say about this place's service or their regular pies. With that said.....When I moved from Michigan it was hard for me to find good pizza down here. Papa John's is terrible, Little Cesar's is also terrible - THEN I FOUND NYPD! I've only tried their regular pizzas and, this past weekend, tried their Sicilian pizza (which is essentially deep dish). BEWARE: the Sicilian pizzas are HUGE! If you've got two or three people to feed - the half size is PLENTY! ALSO BEWARE: the Sicilian is mostly dough, which soaks up all of the sauce and depending on what kind of toppings you have, ends up being very watery because of veggies. I ordered Da Works Sicilian and was VERY disappointed - which surprised me because I LOVE THEIR REGULAR STYLE PIZZAS THEY ARE TO DIE FOR! Anyway, the Sicilian is NOT A DEEP DISH - it's extra dough, under cooked and they didn't even have the courtesy to warn me HOW DOG-GONE BIG IT IS!Otherwise, their regular pizzas are amazing! Totally worth $20 per pie. My favorite is between Da Works and Big Kahuna - they know how to do a Hawaiian pizza. I recommend this place to anyone I run into looking for a good pizza joint!
2	Been to other locations and had wonderful experience there. So I figured I would go here but it was a bad experience way to demanding for me to order as soon as we sat down so we got up and left.
2	NYPD had been a staple for our family, but we've moved on. I am from the northeast, and very particular about my pizza, and am willing to pay the extra for it. I first experienced NYPD at another location, and fell completely in love. Continued to enjoy on a time to time basis as there wasn't a location close to where I lived. Moved very close to this location, and literally ordered take out the very first night. Very happy, excited about our new home being so close. We made NYPD a weekly thing for us, still for the most part as take out, but the food quality seemed to be slipping. Something different was off with each experience. It eventualy got to a point where we questioned why we spent the extra money on quality that was getting to be less than ideal. We reserved ourselves to finding another pizza joint in the neighborhood. Tried a few other places, eventually settled on one we liked, while not as good as NYPD once was, a lot cheaper, and better than it has been. I am not going to drop another buisness name into this review, as that isn't the point, NYPD's drop in quality is the issue. Sorry, we were once in love, but we have to break up....
5	Freakin' love this place. Even tho I've never actually been in the place, I order from them all the time. Quick delivery. Decent prices. And DELICIOUS food. You HAVE to try the garlic knots. Girls who take your orders are always very nice.
2	I visited NYPD this past Saturday. I haven't been here (or it may have been the other location back then) in years since I was a kid, but had a craving for really good pizza and from what I remember, this place has great pizza. So I came with three of my cousins. We knew it was Saturday night and would probably be busy, but we went anyway. It was pretty busy so we were seated by the door which I didn't even care about since the place smelled so good. I was looking forward to getting some broccoli pizza (which very few places have) and I'm sure that would have been great... if we ever got any service.This was really upsetting. It was pretty busy that night so we waited 10 minutes without drink orders without complaining... and then 15 minutes.. about 20 minutes into our sit-in, I notice that there were people cleaning the empty table next to ours and waiters standing around. Now that I think about it, maybe they didn't even notice that we needed service. But nonetheless, no one came and even asked if we wanted water. Eventually, we just left and had to get food somewhere else. Really disappointing.
5	I have been here many times and the pizza and service are always excellent. I've never been let down. So NYPD has earned 5 stars from me!They've also updated their menu to offer vegan cheese and salad pizzas. Just as yum as their regular pizzas. Be aware that it takes about 30 minutes to get your pizza. They don't cut corners here. Get some appetizers if you can't wait that long. Salad is a good choice. I personally don't want the cheesy, doughy apps because, well, the pizza is cheesy and doughy. But my dining companion loves those cheesy garlic knots with either marinara sauce or ranch dressing.
4	Well, I pretty much love NYPD Pizza. Calzones are my favorite. I've been ordering the Frank Sinatra with various fillings for years. Absolutely adore the Ricotta and I was extremely happy when they introduced the small size...which is still big enough for 2 meals. I do enjoy the pizza but in my personal opinion, it's better as takeout and then being baked again in your oven...I prefer it a little crispier, pretty much always get pepperoni and basil...occasionally throwing in pineapple. Also get ranch with everything...I'm not huge on ranch but I would bathe in the ranch from NYPD Pizza. The cheesy garlic knots are also phenomonal!
1	I ordered a pizza for delivery and requested it be delivered to my work office (right up the road) by noon. This was at 10am. By 12:07 I called to check on the order. I was assured that it had already left the building and was on its way. At 12:30 I called and was told the same thing "Oh yes, she just left. It should be there any minute." 12:50 and my pizza finally arrived. The woman who brought it had a piece of paper with my name on it and nothing else. She was on the phone, on hold, to find out if I had paid by card or if it was cash. I informed her that I ordered the pizza over two hours ago online and paid by card. She ignored me and we stood there for 5 minutes before she would hand over my small, now cold pizza. I signed the blank piece of paper. Now with 10 min left in my lunch break, I opened the box to find a cold and soggy pizza. The crust was wet with, I don't know what and the bottom was almost completely soggy. This is probably the worst experience I have had. One thing after another, not to mention the website crashed on me three times when I ordered, should've know it would be a problem.Needless to say... I won't be eating here again and neither will my friends.
5	It's time to update my review to 5-stars.  Since moving to Phoenix and writing my original review for NYPD, I have tried other pizza deliveries such as Papa John's, Pizza Hut and Domino's and I felt like I wasted my money.   NYPD's one con is that it is very expensive for pizza, but at least it tasted great!  The staff is friendly, the delivery guys are always polite, and the pizza is consistently good.   Don't waste your time with other pizza delivery.  NYPD really is the best around Biltmore/Arcadia for delivered pizza.
5	Although some of the guys seemed a bit confused around lunch time, the service was great and quick. This was my first time eating here and its great pizza with great ranch dressing. We had pepperoni and cheese slices with a salad. The salad was big enough to share so that was nice. I would definitely order from here and get delivery or just go and eat here again. They had some renovations going on during our trip there but it was still really clean and nice inside.
4	The pizza here is solid, living in New York before, I have a reference point.  I love the oil that drips down in the middle of the pizza when it's folded upwards...Yummmmmm! That's surely the money marker and that's why I keep coming back. Service is always on point, you can always expect a smile, and greeting each time you come here. Everyone seems like they like their job here. The house salad is pretty basic,  but when you add the homemade Balsamic dressing, it is soon good. I have not tried anything else on the menu,  but I am certainly open and anticipating. Will Def go back, and if you love good pizza...then this is your spot. They do have other locations in the valley,  so check it out
5	Excellent!  We are long time patrons of NYPD Pizza and recently visited again to find a beautifully remodeled restaurant.  It's casual, yet elegant.  The customer service was fantastic - from the hostess to the waitress and the food was terrific.  I couldn't have been more pleased with how everything looked and the entire dining experience.  We will definitely remain loyal patrons.  Nice job NYPD!
1	last ditch Christmas eve take home pizza...ok...I ordered it on line and went and picked it up..they kept me waiting anyway...I asked for extra crisp...might as well have asked for extra raw...just to much dough..ingredients just laid on top of mushy dough...flavors..so so...would never go there again thanks....
5	I miss the "special pizza" from back east. Someone called it that once while in LA and it made me laugh. Anyone that's enjoyed a slice in the tri-state area understands how important pizza is to New Yorkers. (Sorry New Jersey and surrounding states. I'm from New York!)You can walk into almost any pizza joint, ask for a slice and be happy with your two buck piece of cheesy gooey heaven on (slightly) crunchy dough. No need for production value to enjoy good pizza. Moving to the west side of the U.S. I don't miss the cold weather, but I do miss pizza.CHRISTOPHER COLUMBUS WOULD BE PROUDI've found good pizza last night. No, GREAT pizza.(Well, technically I did nothing. My date did. But he did well! Thank you Yelp!)ORDER | PICKUPOur pie had pepperoni, sausage and basil. "We" ordered online and the pie was ready for pick-up at the scheduled time. The staff was delightfully polite and cheerful. Cute place inside, filled with booths and tables. I like that there is plenty of bar space to cozy up to as well. We had no time to enjoy a drink as our pie was ready to go!TRAVELS WELLI can't begin to tell you the dismay of traveling with something that smells so heavenly in a car. ("Will it be ok?" "Can I scarf a slice before we get there?" and so on. But we had to hit BevMo. Priorities!)With glee I can report NYPD Pizza travels well. My palate was BFF with the two slices I scarfed down. (Yup, no lady like behavior there.)FOOD HIGHLIGHTS+ Not greasy+ Not salty+ Crunchy dough+ Added bonus: Microwaves well the next day.I'm dreaming of my next visit!
5	My girl and I are hard core health nuts.  Translation:  Doing the math we eat pizza 2 times a year.  Once in her birthday and once when when we go back east.   Only. We just each had our own small pie and cherished every bite till there was nada left.  Anywhere.  That's after having their cranberry pear almond small salad to start.  He Small is an 8 slice 14" equivalent to most mediums elsewhere.  In short- our long time top dog "Papa Gino's" from Boston.. just got officially knocked off.   So go here if it's the last meal you have on earth.  Order it on death row.  Do favors for it.  Anything!  And... Don't mess around. Do the cheese pizza STRAIGHT UP.   You won't be let down.   I varied mine only by adding asiago cheese to the already perfect blend they use.   Nice tip to appreciate the ingredients and their recipe: ask for a warm cup of the piZza sauce (not marinara) so u can dip that perfectly flavored textured and thickened crust and taste the sauce in its pure state.    Or better yet.. A side or five of the garlicky ranch dressing.    Brilliant.P.s.  The two gentlemen that sat down behind us were legit old school Italian guys ON CAMELBACK! Speaking Italian throughout dinner.   Not a bad endorsement right there!
5	Great service great food, one of my regular spots. They definitely go out of their way to please you.  Thank you
4	My friend and I came to NYPD for lunch last Tuesday.  It was our first time being there,  I had a slice of the the Buffalo Chicken and one of the Pepperoni and Jalapeno,  He had 2 slices of the Spinach.  First off, these slices are Huge!! I would have been better off only having one slice, but they were so delicious!  They had 80's music playing while we were there and I looved it!! So far, great place, great food, great atmosphere... however, the only reason for not giving it another star, is because upon ordering and paying, they gave me a number to put on the table.  You'd think that would  be so they knew which table to bring the food to, but this wasn't the case.  The lady who brought our pizza out, just stood there, confused, she looked over the dining room, turned back around and went back into the kitchen... then she came back out, looked at all the tables and diners again, then went back to the kitchen still holding our plates.  I could see that she asked someone which table the order belonged to, twice! and when she came back out the third time, she started asking random tables if it was their order, I called to her and asked if they were with the toppings we'd ordered, and she said yes.  The place was busy, but not crazy busy.Perhaps it was just an off day for the server or maybe she was new, but what was the point of giving me the number if they weren't even going to use it?
3	First time everrrrrr that I wish yelp had a half star. The pizza is great. The wings are good. The service is awful. That combination = 3.5 stars.I was in the area and wanted to try more places that served wings after my awesome luck at Long Wong's. NYPD has an "express lunch" area which has a different menu than the normal dine-in menu. I went with a sicilian slice (already cooked and on display) and 6 wings. There was only one other table (2 people) in the lobby, so I figured I'd get my food within a reasonable amount of time.  I waited over 30 minutes to get that very simple dish... and it came with one celery stick. I asked for more celery, so the waitress brought out two celery sticks... really?I would eat here again, but only through delivery.
4	We normally just order take out from here and it's always very good, but since it was Valentine's day we decided to eat at the restaurant as a fun treat for my son. We hadn't been since the remodel and we were very shocked at how nice the dining area looks now. We had rarely eaten at the restaurant previously because it felt too cramped, but now it's definitely a lot more open and inviting. Since it was a nice day, we sat outside which was also very nice. Our table wobbled quite a bit but our served fixed that quickly. The only negative about sitting outside was there was a man who kept comimg outside to smoke, even though it cleary says no smoking all throughout the patio. We were not affected since we were far enough away, but other tables asked to be moved inside due to his smoking. I was surprised that none of the employees said something to him. Makes me wonder if he was also an employee. When we order take-out we normally get the Brooklyn, which is our favorite.  A 16" is normally a good size for the three of us. This night we decided to order our own 8" pizzas. My husband did the brooklyn, I got the chicken pesto, and my son got the cheese.  If you're hungry get a larger pizza. The singe pizzas are very small. For me, it was perfect, but my husband was still pretty hungry at the end of the night. If you have a bigger appetite I definitely reccomend ordering a larger size. Overall the flavor was very good on all three.Drinks, I ordered their locally brewed Phoenix St. ale and it was very good! my husband had a mojito which was too sweet. We had a coupon for two free cannolis. They were less than impressive and I was very happy they were free.Overall NYPD is one of our go to restaurants for pizza and if you stay away from the mojitos and cannolis, you will not be dissapointed.
3	The pizza is really good. I'd give it 4 stars. Good sauce, the right amount of grease on the Brooklyn, and the crust is wonderful. The service, on the other hand, 2 stars. They forgot my order which really grinds my gears. The price is a solid 4 stars too. For airport food I didn't have to take out a loans to get a slice and a water. It was just $6 and change. If you're in Terminal 4 in the B gate area, stop in for some good pizza.
5	Came here on a vacation and have never tasted a better pizza. Service was absolutely incredible. A bit pricey, but we definitely got what we paid for.
4	Excellent service - fun atmosphere. And the pizza is about as close I've had to NY style as I've had outside of NY.  Wish I didn't live 800 miles away.
5	The hubby and I are currently in the process of moving to Phoenix so trying to find some of the things that we love back home pizzas one of them we are both in the service industry husband is a restaurant manager we both believe that good service is just as important as good food. NYPD pizza has both I looked at a few other pizza restaurants before ordering from here. The other places got good food marks but bad service reviews we are currently staying in a hotel in unfamiliar with the area in the process of ordering online by the way very convenient and easy I called the restaurant to ask a question about an item Leo answered the phone very friendly great service after placing my order within a few minutes the manager from the restaurant called me because he was unsure about an ad on that I had and wanted to confirm he had it correct. to me that goes above and beyond instead of just assuming you called me to check it out the food was delivered within the 60 minute time frame I was given the driver was very friendly and most importantly had change we ordered pizza salad zucchini sticks and cannolis all in all after tip $42 yes a little pricey but great service and amazing food. you definitely get what you pay for here very much pleased and looking forward to ordering again thank you in YPD pizza for a great experience in Phoenix
4	I have lived in the valley for 4 years now and have tried stupid amounts of pizza joints except NYPD until last weekend. I was watching my friends dogs and went to get some lunch and wanted to try NYPD since I have heard good things. It was midday on a Saturday and I was sat instantly in a booth and given a menu.I ordered a "My 'Za" 8" pepperoni and a order of garlic knots. The knots were nothing special and I assume they bought them from Frys next door as you can tell they were pre-frozen from the slight rubbery texture BUT they were still good.The pizza was great, the crust is my favorite as it has the perfect blend of crisp and soft. Alot of places in the valley are one extreme or the other.I literally had 3 people waiting on me for some reason but my main waitress (Stephanie?) was great and when my meal was done and I paid, the Manager (I assume) approached me about it being my first time eating there and he gave me a discount coupon for a free desert on the next visit, nothing fancy but a well accepted gesture and alot of businesses could learn from this small gesture of customer interaction.All-in-all, I enjoyed the experience and will eat there again.
5	I ordered delivery from here and it was delicious! The pizza came on time and the delivery man was very professional. He opened the box and showed me the pizza before I accepted it. The pizza crust was crispy and the sauce was delicious. I added fresh basil to the pizza and it was fresh and delicious!
5	NYPD has Always been a Fave & now they're nearing the very top of our list (as long as they don't do away w/ their Veganizza & Pizza Blanca 4 us Veg~heads) & GLUTEN FREE is a MAJOR + !!! Thank U 4 having/offering these #1Derful options 4 those of us who r'nt carnivores as there wouldn't b much 4 us 2 order 2 patronize ur eatery!!   I'm not a fan of pizza dough but their's is on another scale that I actually eat the crust 2 (which I don't do w/ other pizza). We had/shared between us Spinach salad (sans the bacon), Caprese, Spinach/Artichoke dip, & Zucchini sticks were all Absolutely AHHhmazing as usual but our main reason 4 coming: Veganizza & Pizza Bianca we had r PERFECTION 2 die 4... seriously Exceptional in flavors & texture!!!   On previous visits we've had the Soho salad pizza, greek salads, Eggplant & the Chelsea chopped salad (minus the bacon)... all So Delicious & especially luv the salad pizza concept, pls keep this 2!!    We usually like 2 sit in the outside section because my guilty pleasure is watching any of the birds flitting around the bushes & scavenging 4 crumbs which I someXs 'accidentally' drop in my occasional clumsiness. Also the service has always been impeccable whenever we've gone which is truly appreci8ed & a very integral part of the dining experience!   We luv the cannolis/kisses & we've had the tiramisu in the past which was AWESOME 2 (but not offered on menu anymore)? We have yet 2 try the limoncello cake but will save that in anticip8ion 4 our next visit. NYPD ROCKS & really hope they keep these Veg~head/Gluten~Free faves of ours so we can continue our business w/ this establishment!!!
5	Great food and fast delivery service. Prices are decent. There's not Mich more to write about. Two thumbs up!
5	Great pizza, but the service and management is what really impressed me. I had one of those rare experiences where the staff went over the top and created an experience we will not forget. Very friendly greeting and excellent service. When the pizza was delivered we asked for Tabasco sauce. The waiter said he would check. The waiter came back and informed us they were out of Tabasco, but it would be here soon. We said it is okay, not to worry. The manager came over a few seconds later and apologized for not having the Tabasco and said he had sent someone to get it. Two minutes later someone delivered a new bottle to our table. Even though the experience was rare for us, I have a feeling that is the way this restaurant does business as usual.
4	They claim their secret is the special filtered water.  I made fun of this initially, but they might actually have something.NYPD's pizza is crisp and refreshing, a phrase which I've never used to describe pizza before.  Isn't this type of food supposed to weigh you down and make you swear you'll start your diet tomorrow?  The beer selection is great, with several local choices.  A small pizza can easily feed two people, maybe three if you're looking for a light meal.  We got Da Works, which is their version of a supreme, but looking over the remaining scraps of the tables around us, other pizza styles were just as enjoyable.Other Yelpers have complained about the service, but it was spectacular in my opinion.  Maybe they've made some changes recently.  The vast majority of the waiters looked like firefighters (okay, that's probably the uniform, probably supposed to look like the police, plus the fact that Arizona people look slightly different from the Miamians I'm used to), and they were super friendly and on top of things despite the increasing number of customers.  The host was obviously gunning to be a waiter, and I have no doubt he'll make it soon - great personality and motived to boot.  Wish I had caught his name. I'll make sure to do so during our next visit.
1	Oh NYPD Pizza. You seriously disappointed me. My husband and I stopped in on Saturday around 1pm. We were seated quickly since the restaurant wasn't busy but it took us 15 minutes for a waiter to come by. FIFTEEN minutes. A different waiter dropped off two waters when we sat down, but other than that - no one even acknowledged us. We had to stop another waitress and ask who are waiter was - and she seemed super confused. Finally Connor rolls around. Doesn't apologize for the wait - just seems nonchalant about taking our order. We split the chopped salad and had a few slices of pizza. The pizza was fine but don't bother with the chopped salad - not worth $10 at all. I think we counted a grand total of 4 tiny pieces of sun dried tomatoes and 8 quarter pieces of cucumber. We were never checked on during our dining experience until my husband was taking the last bite of pizza crust, Connor asked us how was the food. Really? Water was never refilled and extra napkins never appeared. We won't be coming back.
5	NYPD has great pizza..... The service is good and quick and they're very friendly..............
5	NYPD Pizza was delicious!!! The servers very nice & courteous, we ordered a large 'Da Works' pizza and it waas large!!! Enough to feed 4 people and still have 2 slices left, of course, after having a salad & the penne pasta!! We had Alicia as a server and she was very nice & attentive!! When we said it was our first time there & we were from CA, we received free dessert!!!! :0) we shared the     powdered donuts with chocolate fudge & raspberry sauce, courtesy of the owner!!! If im ever in AZ, i will definitely go there again! Highly recommend it!!! -
4	Best replication if nyc pizza in phoenix hands down.  Greasy, cheesy, tomatoes. Great crust!
5	I've been coming to this NYPD on a regular basis for the past 2 years. I specifically go out of my way, passing 3 other pizza joints, not just because the pizza is really good but because service is impeccable. I typically sit at the bar and have to say each bartender that waits on me has always been courteous, friendly and quick on my order, always delivered with a smile. I highly recommend NYPD on Camelback for the relaxing yet fun atmosphere. If you're looking for great pizza and a nice place to relax, you will not be disappointed.Not sure of the couple of negative reviews on here but apparently they have nothing better to do than whine. Speaking of, they have a great selection wine too.
5	Food was really good, really nice atmosphere and the staff is great.  We'll definitely be back.
4	Great tasting pizza with huge slices.  I'll pass on the pasta.  I've been here on the two separate occasions.  First time had the Wall Street Pizza based on suggestion from staff.  Staff is friendly and appreciative.  Pizza was delicious and slices were huge.  Didn't wait long either.  Second visit had a pasta dish with penne and meatballs.  Lots of cheese but the sauce and meatballs lacked flavor.  They also have fast carry out. I finally found my ZA takeout place.  Score!!
3	The food was good. The music sucks! The service was very, very slow. There are more employees than customers while we were there, but strangely very, very slow.
5	Probably the best pizza and wings in the city.  Definitely worth the trip and while it's a little pricier if your a dominoes fan, bit the two don't compare.  If you haven't been in yet, treat yourself at least once
2	Food is good for the most part. The employees could care less if your there however. Stood at the door watching the host and waitress flirt near the bar. Finally gave up and sat ourselves. Still no attention from a server so my wife walked to the counter to order. That finally got someones attention! We got some sodas and ordered our food but to our disappointment multiple people came in, ordered after waiting to be seated and got their food before us. I guess if you seat yourself and put your own order in they no longer consider you a good customer or something because it sure felt like no body cared about our experience. Only way we got a drink refill was to flag down the waitress.  Bad experience service wise but its what we have grown accustomed to at this location. Take my advice and just order delivery.
1	What has happened to this place??  New management?  I came on here to see if there are any other disappointed customers recently.  My office has ordered from here numerous times for years. We know it takes over an hour for delivery so that is why we call in shortly after they open.  Last time we ordered it took 2.5 hrs for our food. They gave us a 50% discount. We were never gonna order again.  However, I am pregnant and just miss this place!  Today after an hour and a half went by I called to check on order.  "It was next out for delivery."  The girl didn't seem to happy I was checking up on it.  It took  2 hrs this time.  The worse part is it seemed they threw on some cheese and did a quick run to heat back up.  It was awful.  Looks like Streets Of New York it is for now on.  :(
2	Definitely not NY pizza...I'm disappointed they actually call themselves  NYPD.   U want real NY pizza go to momma Mia or venezias.
3	Pretty great pizza but when I pay for double pepperoni on a pizza that feeds "2-3" and it runs me about $20..I'd love to see more than 2 pepperonis per slice.
3	ehhhhhhh...I had higher expectations for this place. But sadly, their pizza was mediocre at best. But it could be that it was the type of pizza we got. We got the pesto chicken pizza and it was extreeeemly greasy. The food sat very heavy after, which I hate. We had stuffed ourselves with the cheesy garlic "knots" (rolls, more like it) which were pretty ok. So when we got our pizza, we couldn't each much of it and had a lot leftover. BUUUUTTTT, the pizza tasted much better the next day. It was really good actually, that was nice. The service is good. There was no wait and the food came out pretty fast.
2	Not sure what is happening, but two visits and two messed up orders.  Both times it took them more than an hour and half to prepare our pizza.  The first time they apologized for the "slow service" and the fessed up that they lost our order.  Six weeks latter - they DID EXACTLY THE SAME THING AGAIN. Not only did they lose our order, but then when we got home they gave us the wrong salad order.  Their pizza is not good enough to justify this type of wait.  We will look for another pizza place that manages their orders better.
3	I ordered a sausage pizza. It was delivered on time . However the pizza was cold and  I struggled on eat the dough even with a knife.  Very disappointed.  We order from them quite frequently
3	Good pizza.  Stopped here for takeout with friends.  Had a salad which was very fresh and delicious.  Pizza was tasty and hot upon pick up.  A little out of the way for a regular pizza for us but definitely a good place to go for a pie!
4	Wonderful pizza! It feels like you are in NY when visiting. The service is great
