4	Great bunch of people! All of those that work here are nice, helpful and very professional.  At the same time, they will talk to you as though you are more than a "customer/resident."  HDTV in every room, free wi-fi, great beds with different comforts of pillows.Stayed here for a little over 6 months due to work, so each time I had a great with the people and housekeeping.  Everyone (again) was great.Updated: They have updated their internet, it works MUCH better, Thank you!Original Review portion:The only thing keeping this from a great hotel (great people is different than great hotel) is the internet service. Less than 1.0 Mb/s average download and upload. With it being more bogged down during peak hours if the day, it's worth getting your own mobile internet or a different hotel altogether. If you conduct business over the internet (conference calls, video calls, etc.), please be aware this stay is not for you. I have contacted Marriott, and they say they are working in it. Thus far it is still the same.
1	Made a reservation which was cancelled because I am guessing they overbooked... They booked me in some shitty hotel with same rate (found out the shitty place was much cheaper later).Don't be so surprised if they book you somewhere else later.
2	1) they dont know how to control their fire alarm system at 5am.  It went off for over two hours with no fire, on and off.  A lady at the front desk was turning the system off whenever it came on. 2) they send people to other hotels when they still have availability (spring hill suites, double the room at twice the rate, when they both have ample room available.)   3) They tell people who don't have reservations that they can't check in early, when they never sold out the day before.  4) I would expect a toilet to flush. 5) I expect the appliances not to be tilted, and the rooms to be clean for this kind of review. 6) Why didn't the manager send us a letter about the alarm in the morning, where's the apology?  7) what is going to happen to thismplace tomorrow?!?!  8) How in the world did they get any stars on google, sounds like fake reviews to me.   9) Their "itallian night," ended up being "leftover night."  Thank you Yelp, for letting me tell the story of Elite members.  Keep your candy bars, Chandler Residence Inn.
