1	This place is not that great. My fiance and I wanted a cheap Asian place for dinner one night and that's what we got. My shrimp still had the veins in them! Don't think I'll be going back here.
4	I love all foods Asian, so for my birthday, I made my husband go to Wam with me--we had a coupon, so it was like 2 birthdays in one!  The location is great for us, since we live right now down the street, that was a big plus.  And again, COUPON--double plus!  We checked out the menu for a while, and I decided to get several things, since it was my birthday, again, we had a coupon (I love coupons if you couldn't tell. Restaurants that offer me monthly coupons make me very happy and automatically earn one star), and their menu was substantial--not overwhelmingly so, but they offer a variety of pan-Asian options. I decided to get the miso soup, tempura vegetables, and the chicken hibachi.  My husband got the wings and the General Tao's chicken (that's right--not Tso's).  The miso soup was great--lots of stuff in it, which I prefer (I hate getting one mushroom and a piece of tofu--this one has about a dozen mushrooms, tofu, and green onions).  It was salty, but it's miso--isn't that Japanese for salty?  (no, it's not)  I will get it every time I go there again. The tempura veggies were bird's nest style (Trader Joe's fans know what I mean).  Shredded and wrapped together, then fried, and totally delicious!  I would also get this again and again.  The chicken hibachi was alright--I probably wouldn't get it again, but they also have many more options, so more than likely I would have ordered something else anyway.  The brown rice, however, was awesome, and at no extra charge, a total steal (most places charge you extra for brown rice, at least that I've seen).  My hubby had the wings and General Tao's.  The wings were totally awesome--pretty spicy, crispy, and generally delish.  Another dish not to be missed.  Same goes for the Tao's--spicy, a few veggies alongside, and it heated up well the next day.  The service was great--from entry to exit, we were waited on promptly and politely--the staff was awesome and very friendly.  We will definitely be back here again and again--also a great place for take-out, I'm sure.  I would definitely keep an eye out for the clippers coupon, which will save you about $6--that's right, dinners run around $6--another reason to head down to Wam.  This place has my approval for yummy, convenient, affordable Asian food!  Perhaps I'll see you there!UPDATE:  I had the seafood salad the last time we were there, and it was absolutely one of the greatest things I have ever eaten. No joke. I wanted to lick my bowl and drink the dressing, but I thought it might be a bit too...crass?  Definitely get it.
5	I love everything WAM.  WAM beef, WAM chicken, WAM pork.... Hands down my favorite is WAM chicken.    Great outdoor seating and live music!  The neighborhood kids had a blast dancing to the live music!
4	I was surprised to read so many negative reviews. I'm not sure who that lady was that ate off of a customer's plate (see previous review), but I'm pretty sure it's not one of the people I know there. Anyway, I went there for the second time last night, and the food was great. You can request kimchi, and it was very good. I got WAM chicken, which was white meat marinated (I do prefer white over dark meat), and I had brown rice with it. They give you much more than enough to eat. Also, the tempura vegetables were tasty with the sauce. I also tried other people's food: Korean short ribs and lo mein. Both were great. Service was excellent. I'm a fan of WAM! This restaurant definitely deserves more positive reviews than it's received so far.
4	I agree with previous reviews, the place was a ghost town.  However, I never let that deter me from trying things out.  I must say I was a little skeptical at first - but now I am a fan.  I had the miso soup, rice vegetable spring rolls and chicken and steak teriyaki with mixed vegetables.  First, the soup was flavorful and had a  little fire to it which I loved.  Second, the spring rolls were fresh with a nice assortment of fresh veggies that came with a sweet peanut sauce.  Lastly, the chicken and steak teeriyaki was great.  Many places you go (especially at this price point) will simply throw some veggies down and mix in the teriyaki sause.  Not here.  Instead, I found a great mix of broccoli, peppers, onions, mushrooms etc.  And yes, the mushrooms were big as another reviewer stated.  However, who complains that their mushrooms were too big?  The chicken was full plump pieces and the steak was just ok.  The rice was delicious and not doused in soy sauce.  The only drawback - I found things a little too salty.  If you are looking to recreate your trip to Asia, this is not the place for you.  If you want fresh ingredients, nice flavor and decent prices - try WAM.
3	I've visited WAM a couple times and found that it was 3-star worthy. The staff are very friendly! Each time I went, the cooks behind the counter wave and smile. I feel appreciated and welcomed!The food is your above average, cheaper Asian tasting food. My husband likes to get the Chicken Stir-fry with vegetables (or something like that). I have tried the Pad Thai (which was okay). It's always made fresh and there is a lot of it.The atmosphere is very open, bright, and clean.It's a place to go when you don't really have preference, but I don't see it as a place that you crave.
3	I have eaten from Wam twice. Both times take-out so I have never actually been in Wam. The first time it was GREAT! Orange chicken was moist, fresh and tasty. The rice was even good. Fast forward to today. Orange chicken again. The meat was tough, hard, dry and rice was sticky and mushy. We got take-out about 4:00 and I think maybe they just gave us the lunch leftovers. I really want to like this place and I will try it again and hope for the best!
1	O.K. I have given WAM every benefit! I have now eaten here three times - each time worse than before. Tonight we had the sesame chicken. It was fair, chicken was a little tough and there wasn't much flavor. Second meal was the scallops - YUCK. I could smell them as soon as we opened the box (they are not supposed to smell!). They were horrible as were the accompanying vegetables.I won't be going back to WAM!
2	I don't know where to begin. My experience was pretty terrible from stepping in the door. I was greeted and rushed through ordering, waited over 20 minutes for the the food. Got back to my office to eat, it was awful. It smelled awful, tasted awful. This is nothing like what I anticipated. I had Mongolian Beef and Clear Soup. I eat Asian food as often as I can get my hands on it, I've never had such poorly prepared and cooked Asian food. The Mongolian Beef was greasy, over spiced, tough, etc. The steamed rice wasn't fully cooked.The soup was mediocre, at best. Overpriced, for a lunch entree and soup (no drink) I paid over $13.00. I'm pretty disappointed. And still hungry for lack of eating lunch.
4	First visit to WAM today... A rainy, cold Sunday for lunch.  We were warmly welcomed and very pleasantly surprised!  The staff were very nice and helpful - especially since we had twin 18 month old kids (who ate free on Sunday - btw). We ordered hibachi dishes.  There were generous portions - nicely priced. The food was above average and tasted fresh.   The atmosphere was open and warm and very clean.  We will go again and would recommend to others with small children - especially on Sundays!
3	Ironically, it was our first visit to WAM today as well ((just saw another first time visit/review done the same day)). The staff was extremely friendly (especially the guy working) and helpful in making a selection. General Tao's chicken was good with a mild spice. Little better than the standard Chinese, but not by too much. It may have just been the atmosphere and using real silverware that made it better. Shrimp WAM kabob. Enjoyed this one. Two kabobs with shrimp, onions and other veggies. over a bed of brown rice. i couldn't really name the other sides on there, i think one may have been a potato salad which i liked, but the other two were vinegar-like and didn't do it for me. My mom got the lettuce wrap and definitely seemed to enjoy it. i agree with the review that said, 'it's a place to go...but not a place you crave'
3	The 3 stars reflect my previous 2 visits, not last night.  Last night gets 1 star--if any.  I loved, LOVED the food on my previous visits but something in not right anymore.  Last night I ordered the Thai chicken curry (substituted shrimp for chicken) with fried rice and my dinner buddy got Pad Thai.  I asked for my order to be x-tra, x-tra spicy but it came out bland enough for my great grandmother to eat.I understand I cant expect authentic tasting food everywhere, but it fades in comparison to the other times Ive enjoyed it.  All I could taste in both dishes were a generous amount of sesame oil (a big no-no).  It badly lacked flavor and salt.  I had to douse it with the sriracha and the spicy sauce.  The tofu in the Pad Thai were hard and rubbery, canned mushrooms were slimy and the rice in the other dish were par cooked.  I could feel the graininess in it.  I hate to be such a nay sayer, but 3 strikes means out.
1	Ugh... Not good.Weekday Night. Restaurant was empty. Four of us(2 adults/2 kids) and five workers(3 cooks) for dinner.Menu is way too complicated for the quality of food. chinese, thai, japanese, bbq?. Wish they stuck to one thing and make it good.All food delivered separately. First kids meals Lo Mein w/ Teriyaki chicken($4.95).  Looked like one of those weight watchers teriyaki meal. barely filled their plate with noodles. Everything on the plate for the kids looks unappetizing. Brown Noodles and brown chicken. Chicken was tough, very little teriyaki taste.  One of the kids liked, the other not soo much.Next(5 minutes after kids meals came) Pad ThaiNothing special. corn flakes on top? bland.Next (5 minutes after Pad Thai) Shrimp LoMein - I didn't taste, but the shrimp looked like the small cheap ones that you get buy one - get one at the grocery. Small, unimpressive. Not even medium in size. Throw in at least one large one. How about one medium? Wife said, "Nothing wrong, nothing special"But, overall odd the time it took to get the food out. With 3 cooks, you think they could have coordinated better. Doesn't shrimp take less time than chicken to cook. I'm thinking the kids chicken may have not been cooked to order. Reheated?Spent $31.  Health Inspection Score on wall was 90.5.
1	In a word, yuck.  My husband and I went here when I was pregnant and craving some Pad Thai.  We had been there a few times before when it was Mama Fu's.  The new owners didn't really change to layout or decor and honestly, unless you looked outside to see the new sign, you couldn't really tell it was a different/new restaurant.  I will say the staff was very friendly and greeted us warmly when we entered the restaurant.We went on a Friday night and there were 3 couples in there-including us.  Perhaps it was a slow night, or perhaps we just hadn't gotten the memo??So, to my meal.  I ordered Chicken Pad Thai.  It was maybe the worst Pad Thai I have ever had.  They put French's Onions - like the kind on top of the green bean casserole at Thanksgiving - on top of the Pad Thai.  Huh?!?!  Why in the world would they do that?  Also, I've never seen tofu quite like the kind they put in this dish.  It was rubbery, slippery and just plain gross.  Needless to say we will not be going back.It may be a bit more expensive, but Thai Taste is still the best Thai food in town, hands down.
3	A friend of mines work here so she introduce me to Wam Asian Grill. I've been here about four time now. I've had good experience on all the occasion that I've been there. I love Japananse/Hibachi food and since I live in the Southpark area I'm limited to restaurants close to my area that serve this. Their hibachi is reasonable, but the meat is a little dry. My daughter loves their sesame chicken though. Its good because its not overly flavor w/ the seasoning so it taste just right. I also order their pad thai too when I'm there. And I know someone says their pad thai is not good; which is true I've had better. But I like to buy it, bring it home, put it in the skillet and add some more hoisin sauce, lime juice and dry pepper to it and its the best pad thai ever! I guess I get it because it saves me the time of cooking it from scratch. :) Overall its decenly price and gives you a variety. Its also located in a good area and I think they have live music there on the weekends. But I definately have had better though.
4	When it comes to Chinese food, WAM is a middle of the road kind of place.  It's a few steps up from the grimy hole in the wall take out places but it's also not super fancy.  For me it has just the right balance of good quality food in a casual and relaxed setting.  The employees are super friendly and helpful.  It has one of those setups where you walk in the door and order from the counter, grab your own drink from the fountain then seat yourself and wait on the server to bring the food.  We've been there a few times now and I always order the general tao's chicken.  I think it's delicious and I love that I don't have to worry about popping a piece of chicken in my mouth that turns out to be a huge chunk of gristle that makes me want to gag (I have that problem with most Chinese food places).  The prices are a little higher than the average Chinese place, but again so is the quality.  When I want good Chinese food and I'm in the area, this is the place to go.
3	WAM Bam Thank You Ma'am. I was wanting something quick, it was almost 3p and I was HUNGRY! You know past the point of no return. My expectations weren't high, I just wanted some asian food, salty goodness and some Sriracha, it this so bad?I order Tom Yum Soup with chicken and spicy! Surprise, not a surprise for anyone that knows me. $4.95 Hibachi chicken lunch special and some shrimp shumai. With my Citypass 2011 coupon book, (thanks BillyB), my tab was $16.I wolfed down  a couple of shumai in my car, I know, I know,  piggy, piggy, but I was STARVING. Came home and ate a little bit of soup and the hibachi chicken,  WAM isn't going to take over the world but it suited me just fine.
5	The food is worth coming for!  It's always very fresh and tasty, a nice variety of your Asian favorites.   I've tried several menu items and have been thoroughly impressed with the flavor.  The environment is good especially in the warmer months you can dine outside and entertain your ears with whatever musical talent is playing.  Very cool atmosphere.   I really like the fact they accept my Townhost card.  I love the savings!
4	Fast, delicious food. Friendly staff, this is a great place to grab lunch for a small price.
2	Eating here was a last ditch effort to ingest food before I freaked out from being so hungry.  How did I end up here?  RuSan was packed, Sushi 101 was closed, which left Qdoba and WAM as the only remaining restaurants in operation in this shopping center.  The food filled my stomach, which was the exact reason I went in to begin with.  The food was as Asian as the Olive Garden is Italian, but it is what I expected.  The service was godawful.  I give WAM 2 stars because, meh...I've experienced better.  It's right there in the description of two stars.
2	The positive:  Affordable lunch specials and generous portions.  The negative:  Lacks flavor and not so craveable.  The result:  Left in a food coma and needing a nap.
1	Quite honestly the worst pad Thai i have ever had in my life. Avoid WAM at all costs... They put freakin French's fried onions on it and the chicken was bland and rubber-like.
1	I wanted some cheap chinese food for lunch today and decided to stop by here. Sadly it's closed for good, so I went to Which Wich nearby.
1	I barely remembered what I ate here, that's how un-memorable and poorly put-together the food was.  I even predicted it would only be a matter of time before they closed their doors...and lookie loo. It doesn't matter anymore, but I had some bland, limp summer rolls, to go with the bland limp noodles of Pad Thai.  Seriously, microwave Annie Chung's grocery Pad Thai is better.  (The previous reviews say it all.)(I read today on a restaurant blog how the whole Park Towne complex is having issues keeping tenants, since Montford is hoppin' and only a skip away and the rent if cheaper.)
