5	Parking is a little tough on the weekends, but other than that this place is a great place to shop.They have everything from fresh fruit to lounge chairs.This Fry's has very friendly people and quick service.Try the chicken salad in the deli, it is the best.
3	Avoid this market the first Wednesday of every month at all costs. It's a blue hair invasion.Robert Pfeifer
5	Good place to shop.
4	Good selection, helpful staff. First Wednesday of the month is some sort of coupon day, so there's the entire community of Sunbird and whatnot shopping here.
4	awesome job for my son's cup cakes
2	Purchased a cake for my 2 year olds birthday.  Was suppose to be a picture of buzz and woody on the front. Instead I got a blank picture of space and a woody and buzz figure ( which I was charged an additional 4 dollars for).  I would not use them again and if your thinking about it your better off buying a cake at Costco and putting the two figures on it yourself.  Especially for the 40 dollars I spent on this boring cake.
4	I like Fry's. clean stores, friendly locations, I think I'm getting wonderful prices. really like the fuel rewards!
5	Great store, Clean Friendly and great prices. Wish they had Wi-Fi... Too bad Albertson's generally has better meat prices. Still 5 stars though.Hey I'm one of those Wednesday Afternoon or Thursday shoppers!
5	I enjoy shopping here.  They have good deals, clean store, good selection of everything.  Good customer service.
4	This is a normal Fry's Marketplace that is currently undergoing a remodel. Spacious aisles and friendly workers - many times I've been asked how I was doing or if I needed any assistance. Generally good prices permitting that you have a Fry's card - and with that said you can use your phone number that is one file if you don't want to carry the card around (I'm somewhat of a minimalist).
5	Love it here!!  Great deals!! Great prices!! Great Just remodeled and now has a Starbucks!!
1	I hate going to this Fry's but it is the closest to my house.  The wait time at the deli meat counter is atrocious.  It doesn't matter if there is one person or a huge line, there only ever seems to be one person actually working at a time.  If no one is around, you will wait even longer because they are not paying attention to the counter.  I quit going for a while during reconstruction but went today since it is all done. The store now looks great but still has the same lousy customer service.
3	My last review of this store in August of 2013 I gave it 5 stars, but because of this Fry's practice will now drop that to a 3 star review. I really like Fry's and their products, but this is sort of over the top, and in no way other than the fact that they are Fry's reflects on this particular store..... This morning I was putting together a shopping list and came across an add for Hamburger Helper that said"Hamburger, Chicken or Tuna Helper 4 FOR $3 WHEN YOU BUY 4 WITH CARD AND DIGITAL COUPON Details: Select Varieties, 4.5-12.2 oz. 4 FOR $5 WITH CARD - DIGITAL COUPON OFFER $2.00 OFF 4"To me that is a pretty decent offering. So I went over to the digital coupons section and tried to find the coupon.... It wasn't where I at least thought it should be under the canned and packaged, nor was it in ANY of the grocery categories.  I finally found the digital coupon under the "General" Coupons which just happened to have 249 other coupons listed. I noticed also that there were other grocery coupons in there as well.   To be honest I don't know whether to be upset about this or not. Are they trying to not let us take advantage of the coupons by burying them thinking that people will be just too lazy to go find the coupon? What reason could there really be for this "slight of hand".... Come On Guys".....
2	I am with Nicole on this review.  Service lacks at this location, and the place is a madhouse unless you go after 8 or 9PM.  I was a long time Fry's shopper, but I avoid Fry's now because of this location.  I shop now at a competitor two miles farther east.
