5	Canyon Gate is one of my favorite golf courses to play in Vegas.  Tucked away in the private community of Canyon Gate here's why I love this course:- It's never crowded.  It's a private club, which means they don't pack in a ton of tee times.  There's nothing more frustrating than a crowded golf course.- The golf course is always in immaculate condition.  Kudos to the greenskeepers, they do a wonderful job of ensuring the course is in perfect shape.- Fast, challenging greens.....actually, really fast greens!  In addition to being fast, they all have a lot of undulations and tiers, which makes putts over 4 ft very challenging!- The 18th hole.  Easily my favorite hole on the course.  The slight dogleg right with a green that's wedged between a water hazard on the front and rocks & the clubhouse on the back, there's not a lot of room for error.  There are many times where I splashed it into the drink or overshot it OB nearly breaking a window or three...ha!  It's a lot of fun and keeps you hungry to come back.....great way to end a round!- Awesome staff.  They're always friendly and accommodating.Overall, it's one of best golf experiences in town.  Return Factor - 100%
4	So I usually play golf here about twice a month, and yes it's a good golf course.  It's your typical country club course, difficult enough to make it slightly challenging for the amateurs, tough for the newbies, and easy enough for a good golfer to shoot near par.  It's kept in pretty good shape, and they have a nice club house.  Plenty of people to help you out when you're there too.
5	Well manicured course, excellant greens and the Canyon Gate Country Club- Wow!
5	We made a tee time, through Club Corp, at 8am on a Friday morning. Do you know how hard it is to get up in Vegas at 6:30am?! Well, we got there and noticed a lot of women .... A LOT. When we went to the pro shop to check in, they apologized and said they were having a member-guest tournament -- women only. WHAT?! Well, it turned out that Club Corp didn't know that Canyon Gate was hosting a tournament. The golf pro (who apologized profusely, even though it wasn't CG's fault)  told us that he couldn't get us on for at least 3 hours. We had plans at 1:30, back at Caesar's, for a lunch that we couldn't miss.  We went up to the restaurant, which was closed, and the general manager came up to talk with us. Chris apologized, made us bloody mary's and he also had the cook make us breakfast (the bar and kitchen were both not opening for another hour). Another group of 3 guys came in (who flew all the way from Cleveland!) and said they were scheduled to play at 8am as well. Needless to say, Chris made his fair share of bloody's that morning!! :) He also worked his magic and when the ladies made the turn, he put us on hole 10 at 9:20am. He went above and beyond to make sure that we were taken care of, even though it wasn't his or Canyon Gate's fault!The course was beautiful. It is maintained very well and the landscaping is phenomenal. I had not played this course before and I can say it gave me a few different challenges. Some of the pins were placed at tough angles and that made for a few amazing double bogeys!! :) I'll definitely be back again ... but I'll call Canyon Gate to confirm my tee time so I don't have to start my round with 3 bloody mary's before the first hole! :)
5	This is a very nice country club. I went for a special event cocktail party. It was very easy to get into. The staff was very friendly and professional. Lots of parking, spacious area (especially the patio) and an excellent view of the golf course.I don't play golf very often, but I'd definitely check this course out if I did.
5	Outstanding course , great people
5	Attended a beautiful wedding at this venue. The ceremony site overlooked the beautiful gold course. The cocktail hour took place in the bar area which was spacious and lead into the main reception area which was beautifully decorated. Every table had a good view of the bride and groom. Bathrooms were spacious and clean. What a great place to create great memories for Mr. and Mrs. K.
5	We attended a beautiful wedding ceremony and reception at the Canyon Gate Country Club. Ideal for weddings. Great venue. terrific staff, wonderful panoramic views of the golf course, waterfalls, greens, ducks, ponds, pools.
5	I can't say enough about this place for a wedding venue. The wedding coordinators, Keri and Erin, were fantastic and bent over backwards making sure my wife and I had everything we needed and were happy with the plans. . Prior to the ceremony, Keri noticed the unity vase had a crack in it, so she went out and bought us a new one! How wonderful! Also, there was a mix-up with the florist and there was no ring pillow, so Canyon Gate found a random pillow and made it into a ring pillow in a matter of minutes. Many crises were averted thanks to this awesome crew.The venue itself was gorgeous as well. The food was phenomenal, and the chef himself sat down with us during the tasting dinner to make sure everything was to our liking. The bartender was fantastic. Despite pretty our heavy drinking guests, there was almost never a wait. The prices were similar to many of the other local vendors as well. Highly recommend this place if you are looking for an awesome and affordable wedding venue.
4	Canyon Gate is absolutely gorgeous for a wedding venue! I seriously was in LOVE when I first came to check out the place! The scenery is amazing. Especially during the sunsetting hours. Which is the number one reason why I chose this location as my venue!Initially, I have to say I was not pleased with the service I was getting. Especially with the old wedding coordinator, Keri, that was there. She never responded to our messages ever! Hoevere, the new coordinators Kristin and Brittany are AMAZING. Kristen especially! She was pregnant and almost due, yet she was so quick to respond and make sure our wedding day would be perfect! Seriously, I would email a question and within 24 hours I would receive a response! That's quick service! Also, the wedding packages are definitely very very very affordable! I was on a budget since I was paying for most of the wedding myself. Kristen definitely helped us with our budget and made sure everything we wanted was set perfectly. The food at the venue was amazing. The chef was very accommodating when we were trying out the foods and asking about food allergies. Yes, there is gluten free items available! And the cake company they work with (Cravin Cakes) is amazing. Fast forward to the day before our wedding. Rehearsal was smooth and they sent email reminders and phone messages to remind us the time and if there were changes. Day of the wedding. Service is great. Everyone made sure we were okay and everything was going well. One complaint I did have was the cake serving. The cake slices were like slivers... almost nonexistent. And some of my guests didn't get served cake because they weren't at their seat. We addressed it to Kristin after the wedding by email and she emailed back and apologized. Overall, I am very impressed with Canyon Gate as a venue. I do recommend working with Kristin! And Canyon Gate is just gorgeous! Especially the entrance of Canyon Gate is amazing. There are waterfalls right before the main entrance.
4	Have only been here for meetings - and its been excellent for that.  The buffet they lay out is usually good, though not excellent.
