3	This place is a pretty decent pet store.  The toys selection sucks for dogs but the people who work here are friendly and helpful.  Also, the layout of the place is really nice.  They have stuff for birds, fish, dogs, cats, and weird things like rodents and ferrets.  Not my favorite place to shop but it will do when I need something for my pup and I'm in NoPho.
5	As a professional dog trainer who lives close to this store, I have been taking a four-legged client there for socialization.  The store is incredibly clean and the staff friendly and helpful.  They do not seem to mind that I don't always buy something when I take my client there to train, although my client's owner often buys something in the store because they carry some high end food and treats that the dog likes.  The store manager is expecially helpful and I find my visits there a lot more comfortable than visits to another national pet chain that is also in the local area.
1	Today was the last time that I will receive poor customer service at this pet store. I have gone there many times and have had sub-par service but the kid today was super rude. I will not go back. If I need special food I will go to the Stock Shop off Thunderbird and 67th Ave. They are always friendly and helpful and carry most to the same brands. They are a bit further away for me, but will drive the distance to avoid the bad attitudes of these people.
4	Staff ALWAYS helps you out and pours some knowledge on you. Always very helpful. They price match when I go there, because Dales sells the food cheaper.
5	I went to this Store, Choice Pet Market in Glendale, Arizona for the "first time" on June 23rd, 2011 and I was assisted and helped by a Sales Associate by the Name of Jackie. I want to tell "everyone" that Jackie was extremely nice and very patient with me. She listened to me, on what I was trying to do with my Cat's and how I was trying to feed them "better food". She was very knowledgable about the Cat Dry Food Product's. And she also helped me, with some Cat Hairball Treatment that was on the market. I really did appreciate, that she took the time to help me. And I have to admit, I did talk alittle bit too much about my Cat's. And she was very, very patient on listening to me. Thank You Choice Pet Market for this wonderful Employee.She is truly an asset to "your" Company. I will be back to Shop at Your Store.And I recommend this Pet Store to Everyone in the West Valley as these "have a "hugh selection on Premuim and Quality Dog and Cat Food and they are "reasonable priced".And they also have a Nice Fresh Fish Selection.But.....they are "very pricy and expensive" on their "other item's. A Happy Customer.
3	To be completely honest, there is nothing special about this store other than the staff being friendly and helpful in finding what you are looking for. I thought it was going to be a really cool store like a larger scale dog boutique with one of kind finds or cheaper pricing but there really isn't a lot of selection that you can't find anywhere else like Petco, Petsmart or even Wal*mart. Even though nothing stuck out (product wise) at me as spectacular, I will still come back and shop here when I am in the area.
2	Good selection of premium foods, but the staff...  a bit intimidating, pushy, with a real "know it all" attitude.  I much prefer the Scottsdale store on Shea/Scottsdale Road.  For toys, grooming supplies, beds, etc, go to Ryan's Pet Supplies in Phoenix.  Fantastic selection, very helpful and friendly staff, and the prices??  Amazing!  They sell everything BUT dog food.  Well worth the drive to Mc Dowell.
3	Great service, great coupons when available. Black bugs crawling around in store, inside treat bags, in dog food bags. Buy food in plastic bags, vs. paper that is harder for bugs to chew into, and turn treats and shake to see in bugs inside. They are working on the problem in the store, but I've seen bugs there since I first started shopping years ago there. I like the ppl and high end dog food, just gotta look for bugs and check expiration dates add I always do at any pet food store now.
4	Friendly, helpful, rescue friendly.  Thank you!
5	Wow, can't believe someone gave this store such a terrible review. The hole in their bag of dog food was obviously an accident and not intentional. I have been purchasing from Choice Pet now for years and find their staff to be friendly and knowledgeable. As for the prices. if you feel they are too high, don't shop there! I give them a thumbs up for their courtesy to us and our dog whenever we come in!
2	This is the only pet store (that I know of) in my area that carries Grandma Mae's Country Naturals dog food - so this is the ONLY reason I go here. Otherwise, I wouldn't give this store a second thought. Their products are pretty much all overpriced. Every time I come in, the staff is so-so - not the friendliest bunch. These people seem to find it very hard to say "hi." No people skills whatsoever!! One guy in there is pretty douche-y. I don't bother to find out his name. If anyone knows of another store that carries Grandma Mae's, let me know - I'd much rather go there! I'm seriously considering changing the brand I buy so these people don't ruin my outing to the pet store.
4	This is the Whole Foods version of a Dog Supermarket. They specialize in "Natural" , "Organic and "Holistic"  Dog Foods. It's not cheap to shop here just like Whole Foods (whole pay check) but that is because your buying  specialized , less ingredient , natural items that cost more.   The salesperson they had on asked me what I was looking for and showed me several options. He was extremely knowledgeable about all the ingredients in the packages and explained why some were better than others. They do dog dental cleaning here for $150.00 with no sedation. I haven't had my dog's teeth done here so I can't say if it's good or not but I can tell you that is a nothing to bark at price for dog teeth cleaning. Dog rescues set up here on the weekends.They are conveniently near to AJ's where you can buy $40.00 a pound halibut and $40.00 a pound mushrooms.I based my 4 stars rating on comparing to another smaller similar dog food store in the area that offers much less at similar prices.
5	Only visited once...  Nice store, friendly people, great location!  Look for Celeste, always professional, cheerful and eager to help both animals and their humans!We shop most often at the Tatum and Shea location.  Check out our review of that store for more on our experience with Choice Pet Market in the Phoenix area!
2	I would give it one star based on my last experience at the Pet Market, but I'm taking into account the previous times. The staff is the problem, how hard is it to be friendly. I mean if I am shopping at your store just display a bit of humanity, don't go out of your way to be your snarliest. On another note they have never offered samples of dog food and their prices are very high on most everything.  Now not all their people are so awful, but the short female 20 something was just hideous.The Pet Club is much cheaper and more friendly.
5	I really love this store! This pet store really cares about customer service to the fullest. I was interested in a certain flavor of Nature's Variety in the medium size bag and they only had Lamb and Oatmeal in the smaller bag. Because they pride themselves on customer service they discounted the smaller bag for me because of the inconvenience and ordered me the medium bag that they are also giving me a discount on. I THINK THAT IS AWESOME! They also donate any returned bags of food the the animal shelter and I think that is pretty amazing :)
5	Love this place. Friendly and very knowledgeable staff. ALWAYS helpful! They have great products that both my dogs love.
5	I LOVE this place! I have found the staff to be extremely knowledgable, beyond helpful and always willing to go above and beyond to do whatever they can to assist you. This store carries products that I can't find anywhere else besides online. They are great about returns if you have a finicky eater (like mine). I also love that they have no agenda when it comes to helping you select a certain food. They listen to what you're looking for and then make suggestions based on the info you've given them. They're also well versed in the latest pet food recalls (which are hard to stay on top of these days!)If you sign up online, they offer discounts and specials all the time which helps with some of the pricier food. Organized, clean, and a huge selection. I have absolutely no complaints about this place... Except maybe that when they hold weekend pet adoptions I get depressed that I can't take all the animals home.
3	UPDATE: I had to come in the other night because I had to buy dog food since Pet Club was already closed and Choice Pet was the only other store open thay had the same dog food... and I was really dreading coming in because of the employees and their oh-so-charming personalities. I was very surprised to find - not one, but TWO!! - very upbeat and happy AND NICE employees!! So you earned an extra star, my friends. The dog food prices are reasonable, so no complaints there. However, I couldn't help but notice the dog toys were way overpriced. I'm a sucker for cute dog toys even if my dogs will demolish them in less than 10 minutes,  but I won't buy a toy here. I'll post a photo....
