5	pilates reformer classes are so effective. buy a package. marina is an excellent instructor who gives private lessons (!) and teaches group classes. did you know they have a massage therapist onsite?
1	Most unprofessional group I have ever seen. Sat in the lobby and waited for my wife to get out of therapy while the so-called owner talked about why pregnant people are sexy (pervert!) Needless to say my wife won't be going back to that hell hole.
5	Been a year since I had to go here, but I was there for quite some time. They refused to give up on me.I don't have a sob story -no accident that I needed to rehabilitate from. Just a messed up back and neck from sitting at the computer too much (I know, cry me a river, right?)Amazing workouts, and they would actually give short massages afterward to work on the really knotted up spots.  They also had a 10s unit - my absolute favorite part of the whole process.  Nothing like vibrating the knots out of your back!  I could've laid there the whole time and just did that.They use pilates equipment too, which was interesting and very useful.  The staff knew what they were doing, and were totally friendly as well.  We'd goof off a bit too and just chat.  It was friendly and nice.When they sent me packing b/c I'd improved quite a bit, they sent me on my way with information on how to continue my exercises to avoid future problems.
5	After my car accident i was convinced there was nothing that would help the ongoing pain I was suffering from. Cory, my PT was amazing and refused to ever give up on me. We tried everything until we got results. After nearly 5 months of therapy I feel amazing. I still deal with aches and pains but know how to deal with them with the exercises the doctor has shared with me. With the help through pilates and massages (Lena is INCREDIBLE) i felt like I was always in caring hands.I am so thankful for the kind people in this facility. always made me feel good when I came in, and truly, genuinely cared. It's hard to find a place like that, so I am grateful this exists in vegas!
5	Rapid Rehab is a great facility for PT.  They have exercise equipment to get you warm, pilates reformers, and experienced, innovative staff.  There is also a pilates studio where PT patients can get a discount after their PT is done.  They will work with you even if you they aren't a provider for your insurance so call them to see if you can work something out.  Appointment scheduling is flexible and the the facility is clean at all times.
5	Such a great place to come for PT. I currently come here for an ongoing injury (broken kneecap). I found the staff in the front friendly, and laid back. They have a great sense of humor as well: when you are working through pain to build strength, a little humor in the physical therapist's office, could be just what you need!My physical therapist, Derek, is great. He did my initial assessment and oversees the exercises and workouts. I always leave feeling much better than I did and it's great to finally feel like I'm actually getting a workout and progress.The facility is super clean, and they have state of the art equipment. Everything is new and well maintained. I really love being able to use the Pilates machine. It gives me a great workout with my existing injury. Already after 7 sessions, I have incredible strength back, and my level of pain is greatly reduced. Thank you Derek, Reggie, Serena, Sierra, and all the staff here! You are all so patient, funny, and kind.
5	After I completed 10 weeks of physical therapy I started taking Pilates rehab classes from Heather.  I take three classes per week from Heather and hope to continue classes for years to come.Heather is an outstanding, creative and very conscientious instructor.  She is aware of all students injuries and special situations and tailors the class accordingly and yet all class members get a great workout.  While she is teaching she is continually circulating among the students to be sure each person is doing the exercises correctly and with proper form.I have taken Pilates classes from several instructors in Las Vegas and in my opinion  Heather is the best.
