5	I had the most amazing white truffle burger I've ever had, not that I've ever had that before tonight but it was so delicious they were parked at the coach house tonight! Can't wait to find out where the going to be parked next and try one of the gourmet cupcakes delicious!!!
4	Thanks for catering the Skirt Chaser 5K in Tempe! The burger & fries were delicious!! The bacon in the burger was definitely an awesome surprise!
5	The veggie burger was fantastic!!!! Way to cater to the veggie crowd. Loved the food.
5	Best food truck around! If I was were able to rate two thumb up in addition to stars, I would.  I tried the California Burger, very tasty; avocado, pickled red onions, pepper jack cheese, chipotle aioli and a sunny side egg to top it all off... If that's not a flavor blast in your mouth I don't know what is. I invite anyone, whether you have a sophisticated pallet or not, to indulge in the deliciousness that is Aioli Gourmet Burgers.Great food,  great staff what else could you ask for?
5	This place is the real deal!!! The California burger is a must have!! Very friendly service as well. Highly recommend them to anyone that needs a food truck for events!
5	This food truck has it going on....I am a huge burger fan and these are top notch! I ordered the Black and Blue burger and it was amazing. The balance of flavors, the juicy patty, smoked bacon and fresh baked bun can't be beaten.  They also have fresh lemonade, I had the mango, and it was phenomenal!If claim to be a burger fan, your list is not complete until you try these!
5	There have been some great burger places opening in the Phoenix area as of late.  I would say my top 2 favorites are Aioli Burgers and Ingos tasty burgers.  Both are special in their own way.  This food truck recently took over the spot at Urban cookies that has been occupied by short leash for years.  I am a big fan of short leash and the transition to this food truck has been great.  I always get the white truffle burger because who doesn't love that flavor!  It was fantastic and went well with the ice cold mexican coke.  I will make it a habit to visit them every Tuesday at Urban Cookies.  The tradition of great food trucks continues!
5	My first encounter with this deliteful company occurred at the Coach house. I was starving and didn't want to leave the bar or my friends.. Thankfully Aioli had their food truck right by the outside patio. It only took about 20 minutes of mouth watering smells to convince me I needed to try one.I ordered the Aioli burger (figured the signature burger was a good starting point) and fries and dont think I could have made a better choice. Made fresh, taste great, and a fun staff to interact with.Cheers Chef Tom to a job well done!
5	It is not often anymore, that I tuck into a real burger but after a long walk around the Tempe town lake area this Sunday morning, the burger truck was a siren song that I could not resist and, I'm glad I did not resist, what a burger!The cost is surprisingly affordable at $7 for a fully loaded burger and an additional $3 for some of the best fries I've had in a long time. They had the texture of a Belgian fry so I knew these had been through an initial fry and cooling, and then fried again in the truck - crispy all the way through and you can get them with a number of hand crafted sauces - the one I tried, and liked quite a bit, was the handmade ketchup.As for the burger, I'm a bun fan and this was a hell of a good locally made bun. As for the meat, they aren't stingy on the patty - hand formed and with enough fat in it to meld all the ingredients together - I had the signature Aioli burger with lettuce, tomato, cheddar cheese and bacon - I can't eat those often anymore but when I do, I would gladly eat a burger here. For my more constrained moments, when I want a burger without shooting up my cholesterol levels, they do offer a veggie burger which I look forward to trying - the security at the Sunday farmer's market in Tempe said they generally come every other week.All in all, probably the best burger I've had in a long time - if you are a burger fan, this is one you need to try - and then you can eat it and people watch the people at the market - a great way to spend the first part of your Sunday! :-)
5	My boyfriend and I went here for dinner Sunday evening at the Tasting Room on Wilson where their food truck was set up.  After hearing great things about their food and seeing the delicious looking photos, we decided to give it a try! The prices are very affordable here, which honestly surprised me.  I ordered the Aioli Burger with fries and my boyfriend ordered the White Truffle Burger.  After we each took the first bite (while still chewing) the first thing we both said was "oh my god, this is so good." These burgers were as mouth watering as their photos.  Incredibly juicy and tender with obviously fresh ingredients.  My salted fries came served with both a home made ketchup and a garlic dipping sauce; I wanted to just drink them by themselves, that's how good they are!  Every aspect of our meal was amazing and we are so glad that we found this gem.I keep track of their calendar to see when they will be around our neck of the woods so I can grab another Aioli Burger (see ya 4/17!!).  Wish I could have one right this second! I highly recommend this food truck; you will not be disappointed.
5	My first interaction with Aioli Burger was at the Sail Inn on Mill. I enjoyed the food soo much I decided it would be the perfect addition to my my fathers 50th birthday party. We were planning a Casino night and originally just doing a BBQ, glad I changed my mind and had Aioli Burger take care of the work so I could enjoy the night!They are mainly known for their burgers but they also worked with me to create a custom menu offering several types of sandwiches, sides, and of course their world famous burgers! Kyle and the Chef Tommy were easy to work with and really made sure I had no worries! Will definitely be using them again!
5	Tom and his team does a phenomenal job in creating the most delicious burgers.... Had an awesome dinner experience last night. Tom was gracious enough to wait the extra 15 mins before closing so we could get our meal. Thank you!!! Your kind heartedness touched us last night and will touch many more... God bless you and keepdoing the rok, you will see success big time!!
5	Okay, so I ended up at Sandpiper Elementary to try the burgers here after looking at their calendar and seeing that's where they'd be on my husband's birthday; turns out it was the school's art fair and that's why the truck was at the school! But that didn't stop us from eating one heck of a delicious burger. We both had the Aioli burger and fries. The burger was absolutely fantastic! The aioli is fresh made, requires refrigeration, and is truly gourmet. The fries were a little salty, but the burger is really why you go to a gourmet burger place, so who cares? The only thing is that it was quite a bit of a wait because it is so small in that little truck and there was only the one guy cooking.
5	Its surprising that food this good could come out of a truck. The Aioli Burger was so delicious that adding any conventional condiments could only take away from the taste. The flavors in the burger were perfectly balanced. The white truffle fries are the best fries I've had ever since I've moved to Phoenix about 10 years ago. Surprisingly they stayed crispy even after I realized I was spending too much time snapping photos of it. The caprese salad also looked surprisingly fancy coming out of the side of a truck. Unfortunately I am unable to comment on its taste since it wasn't mine.
5	Holy Cow!!!! This has to be one of the best burger I have ever at. So much flavor,So juicy,, the sauce choice is great and are simply delicious!!! hands down this place is a must go!!! GREAT WORK KEEP IT UP! i ordered at Aspire at Pinnacle Peak.
5	Holy Cow!!!! This has to be one of the best burger I have ever at. So much flavor. So juicy, the sauce choice is great and simply delicious!!! hands down this place is a must go!!! Great Work Keep it up! I ordered at Aspire at Pinnacle Peak.
5	It's food truck day at the office.  I wasn't sure what to expect but I ordered the FALAFEL burger and the Caprese salad. Wholly COW. AMAZING. Like, I want to stalk the truck amazing. Like, if it wasn't 1:00 and the trucks were leaving, I would run back out just to get another so I could have it for dinner tonight. Literally, the best burger I have EVER  eaten (outside of home of course lol) And the caprese salad was made perfectly. I'm in love.
4	Excellent burger, fries, friendly staff and quick service only problem I had was the bun was a little stale. I will give them another try for sure it was at the end of Lunch.
5	To Die For! This is what a food truck should be!  Food was delicious and creative and priced very reasonably.  I purchased their signature salad that was enormous for $7, white truffle burger that is delicious and again, $7.  The sauces for the fries are AMAZING!  You can absolutely tell the pride they take in their business.  It was well over 100 degrees inside their truck and yet the chef still wore his impressive chef's coat.  There was no pre-packaged food being served here (like on some food trucks) .  Down to the home made ketsup, these guys are AWESOME!  Thank you for a great lunch....please come back soon!
4	One of the best burgers I've ever had. I checked out this little truck at the Saturday night gathering of trucks in Scottsdale. I order a truffle burger it was cooked perfectly and was rich and full of flavor. The perfect burger to go with a cold beer. Kudos to the chef.
5	I've had just about everything on the menu and I gotta say this truck is awesome!! They started coming to my apartment community Aspire Pinnacle Peak and I LOVE IT! Keep it up Aioli Burgers.
5	Tremendous. Stunningly great street eats. These burgers are perfectly cooked, the toppings perfectly accent the meat, and the juices and flavors combine into an amalgamation of goodness in every bite.The California Burger is king. The egg and avocado make the dish. Use the fries to sop up the extra. So frigging good I could eat it twice a day. I'd have a heart attack in a week but...yeah. The Italian one is amazing too. Honorable mention must be made. All said, these guys are delivering better-than gourmet burgers that make for a meal well worth chasing across the valley.
4	I had the pleasure of trying Aioli Burgers at a catered event (so while I did not pay for my burger directly, I paid for the event). I had the California burger and it was good, but maybe not as good as I would think it would be considering the ingredients. The egg was overdone... it said it was sunny side... it wasn't. Regardless, the burger tasted good and the different aiolis were tasty. The fries were crispy and pleasant and the Husband enjoyed his burger (Italiano). I would give them a shot if I were to see them out and about.
5	They were catering for a prom event for a business that I attended to. When I heard there was going to be a food truck that was catering to the event, I was a little hesitant. Once I walked in the venue and saw everyone with their burgers, I was really eager to try the food. I ordered the White Truffle Swiss burger with the lettuce wrap (I can't have the bun because I have celiac disease and can't have the gluten). My goodness it was such a delicious burger! I'm not a big burger person but I will definitely go back and have more. It was cooked to a perfect medium and the fries were so delicious! Normally when I have a burger in a lettuce wrap, everything slides around and it's a disgusting mess. But not with these guys. They wrapped the lettuce with the burger in such a way that I was able to enjoy my burger without making a mess. Great food and will highly recommend anyone to check them out. Amazing food.
4	Food on wheels gets me every time. I love the idea of being able to occasionally try out a new place without having to drive to the other side of town to get it. The Aioli Food Truck is no exception. They occasionally drove out to the side of town I used to work in and it was a great treat to be able to hit them up for a work lunch.I'm a fan of the white truffle & swiss burger. It has a great savory taste and is just the right amount of food for a lunch. The fries are crisp and tasty.Staff is always friendly and moves through orders quickly to keep people on time for a lunch. Be sure to check their online schedule for where they will be and when.Overall: AGreat lunch offerings. Give the Truffle & Swiss a try!
1	Worst food truck ever. Waited twenty minutes for a burger, my boyfriend and I ordered the same burger, he received his, we waited another twenty minutes. Only to discover they lost my order, after reordering I received a very rare burger, too rare to even enjoy. Very disappointed, not even an apology from the owners.
5	I had their aioli burger and aioli fries at Phoenix Comicon. The truck had the longest line and the shortest wait. The food was better quality and cheaper than most sit-down restaurants. The burger was tender and juicy. It also had a very unique taste that wasn't overcomplicated or stacked with veggies you've never heard of. It wasn't messy -- which is important when you're probably sitting on a curb or standing to eat, as is the nature of food trucks. I've been craving aioli burger ever since. I'll have to check their menu again next time, but honestly I'll probably get the same thing; why mess with perfection? If you happen to see this truck serving food in your area, don't hesitate to try it out.
5	holy shit best idea for a food truck. I had the white truffle swiss burger and was in actual heaven. can't wait to come back and try everything else.
5	Eating the White Truffle Swiss burger in front of someone should be banned as a form of torture as per the Geneva convention.  It's THAT good.I've also tried the California burger, and it impressed me as well.  It wasn't as much of a hit as the White Truffle Swiss burger for me, but that comes down to personal taste, some of my coworkers preferred the California.The burgers are so filling you COULD skip the fries, but they're the perfect accompaniment to the burgers so that would be a mistake.  They offer a variety of aiolis for dipping and a house-made ketchup!I'm working my way through their menu as quickly as possible, their calendar makes it easy to track them down.  But I'm crossing my fingers that they make my office near University and Elwood a regular stop!  ;)
5	After retrying Aioli Gourmet Burgers, I found the burger to be amazing! Their Aioli Burger was juicy and extremely delicious! I would definitely return!
4	They catered an event we attended and blew us away with amazing food. Amazing truffle and swiss burger with fries were cooked and seasoned perfectly. Delish!
5	I have an extreme aversion to mayonnaise and aioli. Not only do I dislike the flavor but also it just plain grosses me out. I guess because I don't eat eggs that often. Needless to say, I really did not want any aioli on my burger. So even though I felt a little silly about it, I walked right up to the truck and ordered their signature namesake burger without the sauce. "OK, one aioli burger without the aioli" the guy confirmed with a smile. "Anything else?" Why yes, I'll have some french fries for free with my Yelp check-in please. Another smile. "No problem."Great service and reasonable prices had made me happy with this food truck already. But a few moments later when I tasted my burger I was even happier. It was very juicy, perfectly cooked with a great flavor. I loved the toasted bun, it was somehow both soft and crispy at the same time. The cheddar cheese added a lot of flavor without too much greasiness. Similarly, the shaved onions were a welcome addition without overwhelming. It was just a really tasty burger. The fries weren't bad either. And I loved their house made katsup. Most places make theirs too sweet but this one was perfect.Good job aioli burger! Looking forward to seeing your truck again soon.
5	Some of the best burgers I have ever had. I would highly recommend the California. It is amazing!!! The staff is also really nice. The owner and chef, Tommy, is very personable and really takes pride in creating a great meal for every customer. I will definitely be going to Aioli when I'm in town!
