1	I brought in my Saturn to check the a/c - it had stopped working, just blew out warm air.  They came back with a quote of $2000.  No joke.  The blue book on my car is $5000.  They said everything was shot; hoses, compressor, valves.  They said I needed a whole new a/c kit.  A different shop, a different mechanic, and $350 later my a/c is working just fine and blowing ice cold air.I would recommend you get a second opinion before letting this place work on your car.
5	I can't speak highly enough of the folks over at Carlife.  They are all very helpful, ethical and professional to work with.    They take the time to explain the problems and show you what the issues are.  They were then able to work with me presenting all the options available to repair the problems and working with me to choose the most affordable solution.  They certainly went above and beyond to accommodate me during the repair process.  I received the highest level of personal attention (including a free shuttle to my office) from them compared to any repair shop I have worked with past.  I would highly recommend them.  You can find more information on them at http://www.christians4biz.com/Carlife.php
1	Way too overpriced, lied about not being able to perform a task and gave a quote close to $1000 for something I didn't need. Went to get a second opinion at another shop & got my car up to par for $300. Just another car repair place trying to cheat you out of every penny you've got.
1	Been to this business 5 times now, spent $1000 dollars on my car and it still isn't fixed. Terrible customer service. Will not be returning. Might as well go to a dealership because they charge less and will actually fix my car.
5	Have already recommended this hotel to many friends. All my friends who visit here are very satisfied. Awesome! reasonable price and great service.
1	Gave me a quote for over $1100 to replace all 4 motor mounts. They said all 4 were "toast". Went to dealership for second opinion and they said only 1 needed to be replaced. Amazing that the dealership is more honest than this place. Will not be going back.
5	I have a wacky electrical issue with my somewhat older vehicle. I've tried everything I know to do myself and I've narrowed it down to "I don't have the time, the tools or the patience for this fix" and I'm frustrated about it. I get a coupon in the mail for a free electrical system check from CarLife about a week after the problem begins so I take it in on a Saturday morning.The lobby is decorated like someone's home- instead of the Goodwill/dumpster couches and public-school chairs in most auto shop waiting areas, there's blended leather plushness with nailhead trim and real wood. The magazines aren't even a month old. The tech quickly figured out that my car issues are going to need thorough diagnostics which I schedule with ease at $100 per hour. I know that there's plenty of shops nearby who will charge me half that, but I'm thinking that I want the guys at CarLife to look my ride over instead. Not just because of the chic waiting lounge, clean bathroom and good free coffee, but because everyone working here seems professional, no bullsh*t, and they routinely do more than tire changes and oil changes like the other nearby shops.I would recommend CarLife to anyone who values a clean shop and no BS.
1	My brother-in-law and I have both brought our cars into CarLife. We received EXTREMELY HIGH QUOTES and got it done at a fraction of the price somewhere else. We continued to get our oil changed there do to convenience. Recently, my wife picked up the car after an oil change. The manager was trying to charge her for that oil change and an oil change done over a year ago. She called me to look online at our CC statement. It confirmed that we did in fact pay. He still didn't believe her and was acting like it was our fault. She told him we pay for an oil change when we pick up the keys to the car. He said nope, the account's still open. He was rude and unprofessional. He finished by saying he no longer wanted to do business with us anymore and told us we are "making out like a bandit" because he wasn't charging for that day. If you choose to go to this place be sure to GET A SECOND OPINION.
5	I love CarLife! New to the area and my aunt referred me to this place and couldn't be happier with the service. Staff is awesome super friendly and is always willing to help! Won't take my car anywhere else for service. Hard enough leaving my dads shop in a small town but I've brought my dad here when he visits and he agrees this place is the best!!
4	My wife was very happy with the service she received at car life. For the second time she had taken her car to a place near our home. Which quoted her a very high price, CarLife's quote was less than half. The work was done in one day and she was very happy with them.My wife is not comfortable taking a car to a shop, she didn't even drive until a few years ago. Her coworkers at a store in Arrowhead mall, recommended CarLife to her, I work very far from home and wasn't available during the week to shop for a mechanic. But her car was becoming unsafe. She was able to have the work done while she was at work, and she was very comfortable with the CarLife staff. I'm glad that she found a place that she trusts and feels comfortable with. I hope they continue providing such a service.
