4	I've been eagerly awaiting the opening of this place, since it's on the way home from work. I finally got the chance to stop by yesterday. They've been open about a week now. They are located on the north west corner of Guadalupe & McClintock, between the pet food store and Panda Express. Super cute place, has a roll up/fold up door so the whole front of the building can be open, right onto their little patio. You can sit inside or outside! Tons of different flavors! I tried the Peanut Butter & Jelly & a mint/chocolate one. Both were very tasty. I ended up going with their chocolate yogurt with some peanut butter sauce, a Giradelli chocolate sauce and peanut butter cups. SO GOOD. A decent sized cup cost about $3.30. The girl who rang me up was super nice, and offered me up little sample cups. The only suggestion I have is to label the toppings. Yes, most all of them are self-explantory, but a lot of those candy bars look the same all chopped up! I will be back for sure!
5	LOVED Zoyo!!  I have been a fan of frozen yogurt since the only place to get yogurt was from either the grocery store or TCBY.  Now with all these yogurt places popping up it, I have been noticing a ton of 'impostors' if you will.  But Zoyo is not one of them!  One of my biggest frozen yogurt tests is texture, and Zoyo's texture is perfect a creamy.  Very nice, open location.  The staff was very friendly and they have punch cards :) !  Very excited to have a neighborhood frozen yogurt place, and even more excited that it is Zoyo!!!
4	Zoyo... neighborhood fro-yo (frozen yogurt).  The first thing you notice is the set-up and decor, it's fun, lively and inviting.  The front of the shop is a big garage door like wall that allows an open-air front... which gives you a choice to sit inside (and watch the tvs) or outside (to enjoy the night).  The fro-yo choices are lined up on the right side wall, toppings are towards the middle and then you checkout at the end... convenient and efficient.  Oh, and you can grab a sample cup from the register area when you first come in.  The fro-yo choices were fun and tempted different taste buds.  I was in the mood for Rocky Road so my favorite of the night was the chocolate (with which I mixed almonds and mochi to make my own Rocky Road) but their red velvet and lemon were my 2nd and 3rd flavor choices... all tasty!  My favorite part though was their uber fresh toppings!  There were a million choices, some of which I'd never seen before (that's saying a lot).Only note is, don't forget you're being charged .39 per ounce... that adds up!  It was my roomies first time at self-serve fro-yo so he got a lil carried away and our bill was over $8. Then afterward, he moaned that he ate too much! ahaha  Next time he'll have a lighter hand.  Two thumbs and a plastic spoon up for our new froyo joint!  Glad it's close to home. See ya there!
5	Seriously love this place and it's dangerously close to my apartment.  Nice, bright space usually packed with high school kids and twenty somethings. They have an ample selection of tempting flavors and toppings.  Beware: there are carob chips and chocolate chips, spoons are labeled. I made the fatal mistake of mixing these up last week.  I'm currently in full swoon for Georgia Peach, Lotta-Chocolate and Blueberry.
3	Pretty good, but my favorites still so far that I've tried in AZ are Mojo and Orange Leaf frozen yogurt.  Zoyo yogurt, when I went here at least, seems skewed more towards the creamier yogurts rather than the tangy fruitier ones, and they do have a few interesting flavors such as oatmeal cookie and banana bread.  The toppings are left uncovered, and as a result the fruitier and softer toppings have a tendency to get either dried out, or a bit wilted.  Such was the case with the little mochis available as a topping.  It took some digging to get the softer mochis since the ones on the very top were rock hard.  If you enjoy more candy-like toppings and chocolatey toppings, as well as more creamy-based yogurts,  this is probably the place for you.
4	My wife and I have tried a lot of little yogurt places throughout the east valley and they're usually so-so. The biggest problem is that they lack a lot of diversity in their flavors.That is not the case with ZoYo. They have roughly 12 different flavors. They seem to be rather constant, which depending on how you see that is good or bad. I like it, because I know that when I go I can get my favorites. The peanut butter and chocolate makes a solid combo.ZoYo does a number of promotional nights including pajama night - Wednesdays and Ride your Bike night - Mondays(?) - Where they will offer you a discount off of your purchase. They seem very friendly whenever we're in.Unfortunately, unlike other places there is no discount if you don't get toppings, although they do have a some what extensive array of toppings.
5	Froyo at it's finest. Lot's of unique, yummy flavors and toppings!! P.J. night on Wednesday nights-50% off if you wear you "real" sleepwear, within good taste. ;-)....This location was extremely busy this past Wednesday at 9 PM. Gotta love a late night froyo treat and Zoyo will fill that need!!!Enjoy!!
5	While they have pretty much the same mix ins as other yogurt stores the thing that sets zoyo apart is the flavors of the yogurt. They never cease to amaze us with how wonderful and delicious they are.  Small seating area inside and a decent patio. Clean and spotless.
5	Attention Baskin Robbins (across the street)-You have competition!  I went into Zoyo knowing that I like frozen yogurt.  I left knowing that I love Zoyo frozen yogurt.  Their flavors are unique and delicious.  I've had the Peanut Butta, Pistachio and Cake Batter and love them all.  But it's not just the yogurt that sends me to Nirvana.  The wild selection of toppings is everything to this place.  Butterfinger, Oreo bits, Heath Bar, waffle cone bits....yup, I dump all of that stuff into my cup of goodness.  It's an inexpensive treat any day or night of the week.  The spartan setup at Zoyo is all about giving the patrons the ability to run from one dispenser to another and go nuts mixing flavors.  I'm looking forward to cooler weather, when I can ride my bike over and relax by the open garage door and people watch.  Not surprisingly, I'd love to just ride my bike into Zoyo and stick my mouth under every dispenser .  A man can dream.....**Tip**Mondays and Wednesdays are discount nights.  Add a little Kahlua to your frozen treat to kick it up a notch.  They don't serve Kahlua, so BYOB.
2	Weak flavor selection and weak toppings. Don't count on getting any bananas or cheesecake to top off your froyo here folks.  Yogurtland dominates Zoyo!!!
5	I love me some ZOYO!!!!Im there once a week. I make it sound like its a treat for my kids, but its ME that really wants to go......Cake Batter Yogurt? SHUT THE FRONT DOOR!!!!
5	I was at the bookstore today, and as I was pulling out, I realized that a Zoyo Yogurt had moved in across the street.  This is a dream come true for me, because I really love Zoyo.  Their unique, cute, and have a great little setup for a yogurt shop.  My first experience was with the one down in Chandler, off Chandler and 48th Street.  I came here tonight to treat myself, and went with the Cake Batter, with cherries and some chocolate syrup.  Grand total?  $3.07!!Great prices, great flavors, toppings and a friendly staff, this place has it all.  Love you Zoyo!
1	I frequent the Zoyo location near my house, so I was happy to see this location as I was driving around.  That was, until I got inside.The flavors were different from those I have tried, so I asked for a couple of sample cups.  The staff member on duty handed me one, so I went and tried one of the flavors and came back as I wanted to try another before making my decision.  I asked for another and the staff member, after pretending not to hear me, quipped back in a very rude tone of voice "one per customer."  I was completely taken aback and wasn't sure that I heard him correctly given his tone.  I asked what he had said and he repeated it, almost yelling at me.  Other customers noticed as well and looked over at him with a shocked look on their faces.Needless to say I will never be back here again.  A shame, the location closer to my home is always so friendly.
5	They have a good variety of flavors and toppings.  They always seem to be well stocked at this location.
5	Wow! I've never been a huge froyo fan...UNTIL NOW. This place truly has it all: it's inviting, has a fantastic selection of tasty, healthy flavors, it's clean, they're friendly and helpful, and the prices are just right, at 39 cents/oz. I will definitely be back, and bring a date, friends, family, etc. I have been to Mojo, Yogurtini, and some others in the Phoenix area, and I have to say Zoyo takes the cake...batter, that is. Thanks, Zoyo!
3	I went to Zoyo after attempting to go to Chill because Yelp had some kind of coupon going for $10 worth of yogurt for $5. It turned out that Chill was permanently closed. Bummer! Deception! I would not have a want for yogurt extant for long, still, because I looked up the nearest frozen yogurt place with my phone, and that was Zoyo. It was out of the way, but for frozen yogurt, I would do many things.Their flavours were generally good and occasionally a bit strange. They had the usuals- plain, vanilla, chocolate, mint, cupcake (or cake? I forget which), oatmeal cookie... and then some strange ones and seasonals, which I believe were along the lines of blueberry muffin, pumpkin pie or pumpkin spice, and then there was one particularly mysterious flavour at the end, which was mint chocolate. I thought it was curious that there was a mint chocolate flavour when there were already both mint and chocolate flavours, but forged on ahead in my sampling. There was also a little girl here with a male guardian of some kind that gave us sample cups and told us to try frozen yogurt, which was... interesting.  The mint chocolate was an absolute trainw wreck of taste and I recommend you not sample it even to satisfy the curiosities of what could make me say that. I think that it was sugar-free or something special like that, but wouldn't accredit the bad flavour to that; I would source the bad flavour to careless alchemy from the neighborhood scientists that concoct the blends.All of the other flavours were palatable.I have absolutely no recollection of what I ate, but it was good, and I really enjoyed eating here at zoyo. If they do not ask you, ask for a punch card so you can earn yourself some 'free' yogurt if you do like it in the end, or you can give it to a friend who likes it (me).One of the two friends I ate out with topped her yogurt with Poptart and did not enjoy that experience, but you cannot blame Zoyo for that one.The other friend has since visited other Zoyo locations with varied positive and negative results, including more weird flavours (not bad, just different, like the blueberry muffin).I don't really understand why this is 'neighborhood yogurt'. Is it because the building appears to have garage doors, so while you are eating, you feel like you are in a house in a cul de sac? I liked sitting in here and the only part of the building that I did not enjoy were the televisions on the wall. I would have enjoyed a television-free environment, because it would have been placid and uninterrupted. Then again, there was an older couple that walked in, one of whom asked the cashier if 'this was the only vanilla they had'. They only have one vanilla.
5	Ever since TCBY was bought out in AZ I have been looking for a solid frozen yogurt place.  Golden Spoon worked for the most part, then I stopped in at Zoyo today and found my new go-to place.  I always test out a fro yo place with their chocolate and vanilla.  They were fantastic!  I love that they have fresh fruit for toppings (not the crap saturated in sugary syrup... yuck!).I'll definitely be back... again, and again, and again!
4	Went on a Saturday night and there wasn't a teen in sight...well behind the register only. Nice, clean atmosphere and I loved the hi-def TVs on the wall. We finished watching the game while enjoying our treat. Also the roll up "garage door" mentioned by another reviewer is def a plus!  Imagine enjoying a Zoyo on a sunny day with the door open. Pretty sweet!  For those us us always watching our calories, carbs or whatever, rest assured there are non-fat sugar fee options. Mine was only 70 calories per serving!  E N J O Y!
4	Great froyo! Their toppings are fresh and the toppings bar is always clean.  I am picky about "bars" being clean and the food not intermixing.  Their store, as a whole, is always clean and they have super friendly employees.  The indoor and outdoor seating is a plus and the whole front wall is a garage door so when its nice they open the whole place up!  Tad overpriced and wish I could find coupons more easily.  Other than that its top notch frozen delish!
2	Eh. Not many flavors, my favorite ones were out of order, fewer toppings than other places, and it was too crowded. Not a bad thing, but the whole place was in a certain state of disarray. I've had better.
4	With so many froyo options popping up all over now it can get hard to choose. For me I like zoyo for a couple reasons including selection(large), price (average), location (close) and rewards program.Starting with the selection Zoyo has plenty of yogurt selections to pick from and they change it up all the time. I am a big fan of the zoatmeal cookie and salted carmel. Their fruit flavors aren't my favorite but they are not bad either they just tend to be a little tart, even the non-tart varieties. I try to get a new flavor every time I come in. They also keep things well frozen unlike other places it's rare I get a soupy yogurt coming out.The toppings selection is pretty typical but where Zoyo stands out is the fresh fruit. They always have good looking fresh berries that don't look like they have been sitting for hours and taste really good. I usually always pick up bad berries everywhere else but han't had a bad one here. The toppings also have a bit of turn over with new crushed candies or crazy varieties like rock candy or mochi showing up. If you can't find a topping you like here I'd be shocked.As for the location it's convenient to my place and is always clean. Pretty much every time I walk in an employee is cleaning or wiping down equipment. In a do it yourself place like this I think keeping it clean is key.The buy 10 get 1 free rewards card is great especially if you go with somebody else because really it's 5 trips then you have a free one. it's not a crazy rewards program but it is more then other places.So check it out I don't think you will be disappointed.
3	I went on a Wednesday which is 50% off if you were your PJs in and it was bumping.They have an outstanding peanut butter flavor and toppings as far as the eye can see.If you do go on a Wednesday for the special, make sure to wear ACTUAL pjs. I wore gym shorts and a tee shirt- because that is precisely what I sleep in- but they want to see pj pants, slippers, ropes, the whole 9 yards. We had to weasle our way into getting the discount.
4	My daughter and I continue our tradition of picking a new ice cream/frozen concoction establishment every Monday. Today's adventure brought us all the way down to Tempe, to the Zoyo on the corner of Guadalupe and McClintock.For those who are unfamiliar with this establishment, it is a self-serve frozen yogurt place. Basically, you "Fill It", "Top It", "Weigh It" and "Enjoy It" http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/J7p54MOpJA-Rkg4z-bPxlA?select=TfByGhc2t6Xc-CMAmchjog#wtp4k2-qH1dBrGDr2351Pg.Let's start with step one: "Fill It"First of all, you have two choices in cup size...small large, and LARGE large! You take your cup choice to the dispenser that contains your flavor of the day. If memory serves me correctly, there were at least 10 different (cleverly named) flavors on tap, including a seasonal Pumpkin flavor. Today, Mackenzie wanted the "Cake Batter, Batter...Swing" http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/J7p54MOpJA-Rkg4z-bPxlA?select=TfByGhc2t6Xc-CMAmchjog#zBZKYrzVXHUprV6ifty3hw. Now, bear in mind...these cup sizes are ridiculous. We barely filled our "smaller large" half way. That amount was perfect for us. Next up: "Top It"There are an INCREDIBLE amount of different toppings from which to choose! There are two connected toppings tables that each contain 28 separate choices http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/J7p54MOpJA-Rkg4z-bPxlA?select=TfByGhc2t6Xc-CMAmchjog#PVJNb8zvMG7imZ217BhWKQ. If you're math savvy, that's 56 different toppings! Now, Mackenzie tends to keep it simple. After perusing the various flavors, and pausing on a few (Fruity Pebbles, Cinnamon Toast Crunch, Gummy Bears, Chocolate Waffle Cone, Sprinkles, Mini M&Ms...I think you get the idea), my daughter opted for a simple, yet elegant, Chocolate Waffle Cone topping.Step three/Step four: "Weigh It" "Enjoy It"All that's left to do is pay for your delicious choice. The yogurt isn't very expensive at all. Our half-filled small large frozen yogurt was under $4.00. Plenty of yogurt, plenty of quality sit-down time. What more can you ask for at that price?Now, we opted to sit inside. The deco was 50's style retro, and very inviting http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/J7p54MOpJA-Rkg4z-bPxlA?select=TfByGhc2t6Xc-CMAmchjog#dvwrCQVaFgDnagYeGyyhfg. But, if we had time, I think we would have opted for the outdoor patio area http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/J7p54MOpJA-Rkg4z-bPxlA?select=TfByGhc2t6Xc-CMAmchjog#HHYiqFjBO24XBpZhGIGtBg. This section, during the cooler months or at night, would be prime real estate! Thus concludes this week's frozen concoction adventure! If you happen to visit Zoyo, be sure and get their V.I.P. card (buy 10, get one free) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/J7p54MOpJA-Rkg4z-bPxlA?select=TfByGhc2t6Xc-CMAmchjog#0QkowpzlqWZZVeK_ccf-Gw!!!
3	About what you'd expect from a self serve yogurt place. Fair selection of standard items with a mix of more interesting fair. Clean and well kept. The late night staff wasn't very talkative but we did come by about 30 minutes to close so wasn't unexpected. Not sure why there's a limit on sampling cups though. Can't really see a point. I understand you can reuse them to sample everything else but your hands get sticky in the process. Plus I don't even want to think about contamination possibilities with reusing the same sample cup each time. Doubt it's a green thing since all the serving cups are also paper and no option to buy a reusable cup anywhere in sight. No idea. Either way, its a decent place to go if you're looking for some late night fro-yo. Just have some wet naps on hand if you plan on sampling more than two items.
3	Just your typical self-serve frozen yogurt outfit! Really, Zoyo isn't too bad. Used to hit up the 48th and Chandler store often when I lived in the Foothills. Andrew C. and I stopped in late on a Friday evening looking to score some frozen treats after we found Gelato 64 to be closing up for the night. This store has all your standard flavors and all kinds of different flavor combinations, typical toppings bar. Really enjoyed the Blood Orange flavored one!  The cup dividers are innovative, but probably - ok, fine definitely - encourages you to get more. *inner fat girl trying to escape!*  Part of the fun is being a sample whore and taking a hit of every flavor, yeah? Well, check out my picture added for this store. This store puts a limit: two cups per customer. Don't even want to think about how filthy those machines are with customer's saliva, etc. for using those same cups for 2+ samples. Also, don't even try to use the "WE'RE REDUCING OUR CARBON FOOTPRINT!" line, Zoyo. Unlike Yogurtini, I don't see any reusable cups available for purchase or a recycling bin anywhere. Oh, speaking of waste receptacles: No trash cans on the patio. Lame if you wanted to enjoy a nice evening outside like we did, but gets you off your lazy bum . . . Winning after shoving sugar down your throat! Check it out.
5	My wife and I frequent this neighborhood frozen yogurt place.  My favorite is peanut butta, but most of the flavors are pretty good.  There are so many toppings that you can choose from, each creating a different flavor.  My only complaint would be that they need to rotate the flavors more often.  I went months without seeing the peanut butta as a selection.  Also, the fact that they have dairy free is a huge selling point, albeit they usually only have two selections to choose from, and these are typically the fruit flavored options.
4	This is my favorite yogo/make yourself yogurt bar.They always have great flavors, they have the most candy, fruit and nut toppings.This is the only store that I found has the peanut butter topping (NOT Reese's).The store is always clean, the toppings bar is always stocked and very clean.
4	Ah another yogurt place. Went here while visiting my mom and sister. Anyways, this is a really big shop with some really good flavors. The topping bar is huge. You can go on both sides of the toppings bar. The toppings are all the normal toppings that all the yogurts shops have. This place also has mochi and poppers for topping. Nice. The place is very clean with about 7 tables inside and a few more outside. Two cashiers so no waiting in lines to pay. Very nice place to enjoy yogurt. See you again.
3	Not the best froyo I've had and too expensive. I like that they have chocolate sorbet but their original tastes weird.
4	This place is like any other self serve yogurt spot, its clean and during fall has to be the best time to chill out with a big cup of yogurt. Just glad they have my flavorite, tart with extra strawberries and cheesecake
4	Great selection of yogurt. The season specials are always worth trying. The topping bar is much more robust than other places and is open on both sides to make it easier to get to. No ducking under glass.When the weather is nice the firehouse style  door opens up to flow into the patio seating. Customer service has always been good, they will answer any questions you have.We went on weeknight when wearing your pajamas got you a special deal.
4	Like most people, I'm a HUGE fan of Fro-Yo!! I would like to have it for dessert after EVERY meal if I could! Been to various fro-yo places around the valley and I have to admit- this is one of my favorites!! This location is very open, clean and inviting. The decor is fun & trendy without being in your face loud. The kids that work behind the counter are always very friendly and attentive. I love their selections of Fro-yo AND toppings. Let's talk consistency!! Nothing like watery fro-you to disappoint your eating experience! NOT here though! I love the different flavors offered- but be sure to give their seasonal flavors a try!  This place also get 2 thumbs up for having a fruit/toppings island instead of having customers bend & reach in awkward positions to get to their favorite toppings. So in conclusion- great fro-yo, great service, great toppings island!
3	A long time customer of this place until we realized Yogurtland has better service, friendlier employees, better hours and more flavors. My friends and I tended to  go to this place at night. Employees start cleaning machines out and eliminating flavors before closing time. If you wander in too close to closing time you will not get a greeting and you can sense a coldness in the air that has nothing to do with the yogurt. Beverages are sold at ridiculous markup too. The yogurt is decent and they have comfortable sitting areas to enjoy it but I shouldn't have to feel guilty because I wandered in at 9:55 to grab a cup of something and go. Some of the good flavors don't last too long here either and the salted caramel comes out more melted than the other flavors because it has salt in it and employees don't lower the temp of it to compensate for that. It's partially melted by the time you get to your car during an AZ summer.We now make the extra drive and go elsewhere. Free WiFi is a plus but who really cares?
2	My kids love Zoyo! On Wednesday if you wear pajamas you get a discount. However, beware the un posted rules. The employees will deny the discount if you (or your kids) are not dressed up to their standard. My kids have been turned away in the past and today I saw a family come in and one of their kids was denied the discount because their PJ's were not up to the standard. The little girl was obviously upset about being told she was not wearing PJ's. Sad.Come on Zoyo, relax.  We live in Arizona, not every kid owns a matching flannel PJ set with a robe. Telling kids their PJs are not good enough? Not very nice. At least post the rules if your going to call kids out in public about their PJ's.
4	I like the open garage door that the front of the building has for nice days. The yogurt was pretty taste. I had swirled the oatmeal cookie and the peanut butter, but also topped it with pomegranate raspberry sorbet and another berry flavored yogurt. The toppings looked fresh and I can see a working chopping even more fresh toppings. I would go there again. Sadly it is kind of far from my house so I would have to be in the area.
4	THis place is delicious ! I prefer this type of froyo over mojo and yogurtini, I enjoy the flavors they offer at this location over others. Every time I come to Zoyo, I get the cake batter, and I believe that nothing tops this at any other location; but that is just my personal opinion.
5	Love the froyo here! I can fill my cup all the way to the top and not spend more than $5! The frozen yogurt is amazing and the toppings are always fresh and delicious. The people who work here are always nice and happy to help as well, which makes it a much nicer experience. Plus I love that it's outside and inside at the same time, it's just an overall great place.
4	Decent date night staple. This location has a great small neighborhood vibe about it which we appreciate.
5	A date night staple...this feels like a neighborhood joint. The staff is always friendly, the place is always clean with decent music playing and a great family feel about it (kids program on one TV and the football game on the other).
4	Went to zoyo last night for pj night - 1/2 price froyo. I like the atmosphere of this place. Nice and casual and the outside seating is a huge plus. We like that we can choose how much froyo we want and there is a huge selection of toppings. Be careful when dispensing and adding goodies!  The cups are ENORMOUS and you can end up with way too much if you're not careful.  I'm totally satisfied with 7 ounces - I see others who fill the entire cup. Our kids weigh their cups several times to make sure they stay on target. I'm not convinced that I'm completely sold on this stuff. Seems overly sweet and leaves a funky after taste.  My kids like it and it's a super convenient location off us.  I keep thinking that I'll find a flavor that I really love.....I laughed when I read a comment about what constitutes PJ's because I had a similar experience. I was denied the discount one night because I wasn't dressed to their PJ standard. They ended up giving the discount to me after all.  Before we left the house, I made my husband put sweats on!  :)  I swear it's about public humiliation!  Anyway, I think it depends on the person at the register.
5	All the pumpkin things! Pumpkin pie and pumpkin cheesecake yogurt with pumpkin brittle, Graham crackers, crumbled Reeses, waffle cone and pumpkin spice syrup. It's a bit pricey by Arizona standards, but it is tasty! Location is really clean and cute inside plus the staff is nice.
