5	The expression 'a diamond in the rough' was made to describe Nico's. At the outset, Nico's looks like a garage to fix cars in because of the large painted sign outside. However, inside there is a full bar with a restaurant and tables. The food is pretty good bar food and it's a karaoke hot-spot on Saturday nights. The karaoke crowd is pretty diverse and if you are really lucky you may catch Abba singing the Dawson's Creek theme song. Waitstaff is nice as well. 5 stars for the recovery room.
3	Nico's was a place I heard I should visit, but I was always a little scared to go inside.  The outside is typical dive bar with block windows and no way to actually see inside.  Once you're inside though, it is a different story.  There is a huge bar area (filled with yinzers talking about the Steelers), and past that there is a decently sized sit down area with booths and tables.  Nothing fancy here, but good and attentive wait staff, and nice cheap beer, sports tv, and quick yummy food.  There was a large group of us, and we ordered the Greek Platter, and it was just right.  Everything from fresh feta and olives to spanakopita and grape leaves.  Nico's is on Friendship Ave and very close to the hospital (hence the 'recovery room').  I look forward to checking out the Saturday Karaoke to see what Pittsburgh local vocals will produce.
5	I loooove Nico's.  The people who work here are great and surprisingly welcoming to everyone, there's always a nice mix of locals and young people, the beer is cheap, and, okay, the wood walls are kinda awesome.  It's a great place to grab a few drinks with a pal and hunker down in a booth for a low-key evening.
2	I'm a pretty hard core karaoke fan, so I was excited to visit Nico's on a Saturday night after hearing about their awesome karaoke. Sadly, I was disappointed. The place is rather small and was packed by the time we came (about 10pm). It took ages to get a drink and it's hard to get around the bar with so many people standing around. That said, my drink was nice and strong and the prices are reasonable. Now the karaoke crowd was pretty fun...mostly hipsters with a few good singers but mostly people trying to be funny with their song choice. The karaoke host was just lame. He was an older guy, and seemed rather cranky and jaded, which really kills the mood when you're a karaoke buff looking for a good time. And he had a CD setup -- seriously, CDs, in 2010. His song list was waaaaaay out of date. He had a tiny TV screen that was setup in such a way that if you needed to look at the words, you would be facing away from the crowd. It was just really lackluster in my opinion.
1	This will be simple...The karaoke had a very limited selection. The DJ kept fiddling with the volume while you were singing. Was way over-crowded with wanna-be hipsters who were attempting to be ironic which just made them look pathetic, especially since they kept taking pictures to most likely show Facebook people how much fun they were having and how great they are.There was only one server for a bar packed with people and was hard to get a drink.Won't be going back.
3	The Good:Jason the bartender. Thanks for the Beautiful Widgets app tip.Jack and Coke.Smoking allowed.Friendly Phillies fans.Comedy Central Friendly.LocalsGreat horse shoe bar The Bad:Karaoke disciples mixed with fat guys singing 'Billie Jean'
4	Nico's is one of my favorite Yinzer bars.  I've been going here off and on since I turned 21, even if it was just to stop in for fries at lunch, and it's one of the finest dives around.We typically stop in here for a fish sandwich and some drinks after the Unblurred gallery crawl in Garfield.  Jason bartends on Friday nights, and he's the best.  He's one of those bartenders that remembers you after your first visit, and remembers what you drink and keeps the refills coming.Their food is excellent.  The fish sandwich is church-fish-fry good, and the coleslaw is crispy and mayonnaise-d to perfection.  But the real treat of this place is the fries.  There's something about these fries that I just love.  I think they remind me of the homemade fries my grandpa used to make me in his deep fryer when I was a kid.  They're kind of like a thinner, jucy-er version of Potato Patch fries.  Seriously.  Go get some now.And like other dive bars in Pittsburgh, the prices are cheap.  This is the perfect place to sit around with your fellow Yinzers and watch the Buccos or the Pens (or both, if it's that glorious time of year when both seasons are going - they have multiple TVs).The only thing I don't like about Nico's is that it's one of the few smoking-permitted bars left in town (they, like Thunderbird and the Cage, keep the food prices low to skirt that smoking ban loophole).  I've gotten kind of spoiled lately by smoke-free establishments, and I hate coming home stinking like cigarettes.But the dives in Pittsburgh are all pretty much maintaining the smoking thing, so I can't complain when comparing.  All that said, there's no bar I'd rather hang out at than Nico's.  :)
4	Bloomfield has some hidden gems and Nico's is one of those kind of places that is getting less and less common around the 'burgh. It's not a gastropub, it's not bohemian, Nico's is just an old time bar/restaurant that makes me nostalgic for a time before I was even born. I always come here on Monday nights for the wing special. It's something like 24 wings for 8 bucks which is not a bad deal. There are definitely better wings around the city, but I still keep coming back to Nico's. Maybe it has to do with the friendly atmosphere (seems to be a family run place), and the divey feel. The location is great as it just pops up in the middle of a residential section in the heart of Bloomfield.The patrons are always friendly, and on more than one occasion I've had random people start chatting me up like we've known each other for years. If you are feeling adventurous try out karaoke night on Saturdays, its always good for some laughs and fun times.Long live the old school joints in Pittsburgh, I hope you last forever.
4	This has got to be one of my favorite bars in Pittsburgh.Yes, some nights it is smoky.  And some nights it is crowded and filled with loud and somewhat annoying hipster types.But it's our little place.This is the bar where my friends and I gather to watch sporting events, sing karaoke (albeit badly), and generally hang out.The beer is decently-priced, not CHEAP CHEAP, but it won't cost you an arm and a leg.  Wednesdays are pizza and a pitcher -- we LOVE the Chili Pie and pair it up with Yuengling or the similar.  And the other food is pretty good too -- among our other favorites: the wings, Nico's Platter, and fried cheese.  YUMMY!Jason and Nicole who both bartend and wait tables are both AWESOME, always friendly, always generous with the booze, and always quick with a smile.  They're great!PS -- As a reply to reviews complaining about the guy who does karaoke: if they reviewed prior to early 2011, there is someone else there now and we think he's pretty great.  :-)  If he doesn't have a song that you want, let him know, as he's constantly adding new music and updating his collection.
5	This is a friendly, hipsters-and-yinzers-living-in-harmony kind of joint. Sports on the TVs, Yeungling on tap--quintessential Pittsburgh. The fried fish (with fries and coleslaw) is Lenten-Catholic quality. If I minded cigarette smoke, this place would be a four; but since I don't, perfect score. Like Scorpion once intoned..."Get over here!"
3	Nico's is what it is.   It's your typical dive Pittsburgh bar.  it's the Jacks of Bloomfield.  I've never tried the food but the drinks are relatively cheap and it gets an awesome crowd that ranges from young hipsters to old yinzers.  Rumor has it that it's the #1 karaoke bar in Pittsburgh so I recommend giving it a try one Saturday night.  Whether your voice is terrific, mediocre or terrible, there is a great crowd more than happy to make you feel as though your voice really is terrific.  It does get really crowded for Karaoke, so if you want to sing, make sure to sign up earlier in the evening (I believe karaoke starts at 9).The only thing that I really dislike is that you can smoke in the bar.
4	Nico's is probably my favorite neighborhood bar.  The bar and wait staff here are all tremendously friendly.  There is not much of a beer selection, but nothing is expensive.  Generally in the late afternoon/early evening it is pretty quiet, with a handful or two of regulars.  A reading group that I am in frequently meets here around happy hour, and there are always plenty of tables and we can talk easily without having to yell.  Weekends it can get pretty crowded, although I've never seen it so packed that I had to wait more than a couple of minutes to grab a bartender's attention.  Karaoke on Saturday nights is a blast, with a great mix of working class, hipster, and trendy all belting out cheesy tunes.  The only food I've tried are the fries, but they always come out tasty and quickly.  Friends have told me the wings are good.Would give it 5 stars, but for the smoking.  If you're a non-smoker, you WILL come home smelling like an ashtray.
5	Bar none the best karoake in Pittsburgh (Saturday nights). This is one cool dive bar, which in one room has a full 360 bar and the other room a bunch of tables and booths for sittin' and singin'! I've been here more than a dozen times and have always had a blast. I know it's not everybody's cup of tea, but there is no funner night that grabbing some pitchers with a group of friends and making a fool out of yourself behind a mic. And this is the perfect place for it. By no means is this a place for upscale cocktails with the coworkers: we're talkin cheap beer, (really!) smokey, loud, and just a damn good time! One the many reasons I was excited to move to Friendship Park was to be within stumbling distance of Nico's. Whether it is after work or a late night hangout with peeps, this has become my neighborhood dive bar and it perfectly encapsulates the spirit of Pittsburgh.
3	HOLY SMOKE ALERT! I am seriously still coughing from all of the chain smoking that was taking place in this bar. I guess I've been spoiled by all of the clean air in Columbus restaurants, pubs, and bars that I was just not prepared for all of the heavy smoke that would linger around me all night! I have a couple likes and dislikes for this place...Likes: - Awesome, awesome crowd! I've found that Pittsburgh locals are super fun! I absolutely loved how everyone cheered the singers on during karaoke and sang along making it extremely comfortable to get up front and center! - Healthy food choices! Instead of having to worry about adding a ridiculous amount of calories (in addition to the crazy amount I had already consumed for the day)...it was nice to snack on some hummus, fresh tomatoes, feta cheese, and pita bread. - Very friendly DJ!- Bartenders were simply wonderful and always made sure you were taken care even with the enormous bar crowd.- Prices were very reasonable. I think I had six or seven captain and cokes (blush) and the platter for only $20?!Dislikes: - POLLUTED AIR. I now have to take my jacket to the dry cleaner, thank you. - Location. There were no available taxis at any given time. We contacted two different taxi services and they never showed. We finally had a taxi pick us up after calling the hotel valet and asking them to send for us (I was a little desperate).- This place is very, very, very small. The karaoke room was closed off by 11 PM due to the room being so packed. If you were not in the karaoke room, you were smelling the person next to you's breath. Aside the heavy smoke and tight spaces, I would recommend Nico's for a fun night of karaoke and cheap drinks with friends!
1	Pay attention to the bill.Curly haired male bartender intentionally added $20 of drinks to my tab. When I confronted him he blamed the extra drinks on my friends who hadn't been drinking those things in the first place.
2	I don't understand why people love this place. I've been here a dozen times.The beer selection is decent. The prices are good.  The bar food is typical.It is just a standard bar to me.  If you want no frills beer and bar food, they are no frills.
5	Favorite local bar! The service is great, owner is on top of everything and her staff is always helpful and friendly. Great karaoke on Saturday nights, Pirates game specials and Meatloaf of Tuesdays is to die for!
3	Good prices, good people, good dive-y atmosphere. What else could you want in a bar?The place smells like cigarettes, but I don't care. I got drunk here and rapped Rick Ross. Isn't that the American Dream?
