1	EWWW GROSS!! This place was disgusting!! We stayed at the Luxor and the first night we arrived, we were so hungry so we saw this place and though..wow pub food! We ordered the chicken wings and the dirty fries and OMFG they were disgusting. The wings were dry, had no meat on them, and the sauce was horrible. As for the dirty fries ( they were really called dirty fries)  the name was quiet fitting, it was taste-less, the cheese had no flavor, only one huge piece of nasty bacon on it and the fries it self had some nasty cinnamon crap on it!!!!!! BEWARE, NEVER  EAT AT THIS PLACE!!!!!!! I think I'll starve next time.
5	I have no complaints, and I am usually hard to please!  Our waiter initially came off as a pretty boy, but within seconds he had me impressed with his knowledge of the ingredients and food in general.  The kobe sliders and fried mashed potato sticks were heavenly!  The food was so good that my fiancee and I are considering having our wedding reception here in April!
1	Food was decent, the service was the worst I have ever seen in Vegas. It took our waiter over 15 minutes to figure out how to split the bill between three different parties and then we discovered that the prices on our receipts were more than what was listed on the menus. The manager came over and explained that the menu had been recently changed, but the changes hadn't taken place in the system yet. Nice work idiots. On second thought, just skip the dining at the Luxor all together and walk the short distance to the MGM.
4	The only reason we were in the Luxor was to see the Criss Angel show which was a total waste of money.  Company actually served really good food and the hostess hooked us up with free entrance for our entire group of 10 to the club LAX.  I have to say that the hookup was really nice considering it was me and 9 guys.  No one ever wants to let guys in for free...especially little Asian guys since they can't really drink that much before turning red and throwing up.  The club must be really hurting...but back to Company - food and service were both excellent and I highly recommend the Kobe sliders that came on sweet Hawaiian bread, the spiced fries and the pork sandwich - YUM YUM YUM
2	What can I say but meh. I'm a foodie and Company's spin on a "neighborhood pub" dining "experience" wasn't my thing. I've dined at a lot of places in Vegas and I can honestly say I won't be returning to Company. The service was good and prompt it's just their menu selections that threw me off. http://www.luxor.com/files/dining_company_menu.pdfI ordered their Pig & Peas Mac & Cheese - I could have made this at home for myself and the roasted half chicken (average). Vegas is known for lost wages and it's vast array of restaurants. If your looking for a quick bite at Luxor pass up Company, take the escalator upstairs to T&T.
