4	Yum cabocha! (Japanese squash)Fun place.  Decent rolls! Maybe not super authentic or inexpensive but a decent find.  My cousin has dined here an number of times and invited us here.  We had the gail special, dale earnhardt, Mistake Roll, and the screaming orgasm!  Funny roll names and yummy. I like my food drowned in sauce, Sushi Fever delivers!Pix and more laters...
3	i come here all the time with my friends. this is their favorite japanese restaurant, but most of them don't like to eat raw food. [do you see the flaw in this]i would never choose to eat here, but i will just to hang out with my friends. i think it's pretty pricey. if you do choose to eat here:screaming O and the james bond roll are a must!you can sit at the sushi bar, table or the teppan counter
3	First off everyone that talks about the Screaming O is right they're amazing here. Its less of a roll and more of a pile of delicious ingredients added together. Their other dishes are good too especially the gyoza (fried not steamed). I was told a while ago anything worth eating is worth frying. While it has not always rung true this is one of those times I agree wholeheartedly.  They also have a favorite dessert staple of mine mochi. I like the strawberry flavor but mango and chocolate are good too. This is an easy place to spend a few hours eating and talking for relatively cheap.
4	Sushi Fever is my favorite mid-priced Sushi joint in Vegas.  The fish is always fresh, and they have a wide range of creative, signature rolls.  My personal favorites are the Mexican roll and the Dale Earnhardt roll.  Not quite sure why they equated Dale Earnhardt with soft shell crab, but it works.  It's a bit pricier than other sushi places around town, but it's less than what you'll find on the strip or in off-strip casinos, and the freshness and creativity are worth a few extra bucks.
4	This place has great sushi and fun creative rolls. I personally like the Japanese Lasagna, Screaming O, and the Tempura roll. The service is above par but they get packed pretty quickly at lunch, so we do alot of takeout since I work close by. I haven't tried any of the teppan dishes, but they also have teppan tables as well.
3	OK, I'm going with 3 stars just because service is of the utmost import to me. The service was super inattentive despite the fact that there were myriad servers on the floor at all times. An empty sake cup is the ULTIMATE sushi dining foul! Grr!This place has been given rave reviews from all of my friends, so I had to try it for myself.It's VERY American meaning large portions and  lots of American ingredients. They did have this incredible roll called the Something Wrong #35. Oh, there was something oh-so right about this something wrong. The tempura yams and carrots we very unique, and this was my hands down favorite. I fell in love with "japanese lasagna" at Osaka, but Sushi Fever's version didn't give the dish its due.  The cool thing about this restaurant is the clever naming of the rolls (really?! Dale Earnheart --whoever that is with THAT spelling) has his own roll? Oh, and I think I'll try this one "Just for the Halibut." Punny. Corny. Still Fun.But I digress...This place was jumping for an early Sunday evening. The people didn't stop waltzing through the doors in their khaki shorts, t-shirts, and hiking shoes (c'mon people! Dress up for a change!). The fact that each customer was greeted with some foreign Japanese phrase (it probably means a$$hole for all I know because I stopped speaking Japanese in elementary school) was a unique  personal touch.Next time I'll sit at the bar. At least I'll be entertained by the sushi chef while I wait for my sake cup to be refilled.Give it a shot!~L2
4	Never miss a meal when visiting Las Vegas. I crave the "screaming orgasm" and rolly rice!!!  Nice location just off Sahara but a bit of a drive from the strip if that's where you're coming from. The bar is expansive but table seating is fine. Service is also top notch.
4	Sushi Fever is a regular favorite of mine.Rolls are great . My mom and I always sit at the sushi bar.Very friendly service and resonably priced.
3	Service is seriously lacking... took 35 minutes at lunch to get a negi-toro roll and a philadelphia roll (and they weren't that busy!). Guests seated across from me who showed up 20 minutes after me were served first. UGH.Service aside, the sushi is decent. Not great, but decent. It's definitely fresh, but the rolls were sloppy and big and didn't seem rolled up well. Prices were alright. I did find the lunch specials to be lacking. No sushi option (unless you count 4 pieces of a cali roll as "sushi") and not much variety. Sooo I love sushi has way better prices, fish, and rolls. However, I work near Sushi Fever instead of I love sushi. If I love sushi were anywhere nearby, I'd never go to this place again.
5	Hands down my favorite sushi restaurant in Vegas! If I could give it 6 stars I would. I have yet to order off the menu. Tell Chef Lee or one of the other great sushi chef's to make you a "special", and let them surprise your taste buds. I have yet to be disappointed.
4	Delicious. Great authentic atmosphere. I always love it when I walk into a new joint and it's packed. That in itself says something. Sushi is good, overall standard pricing. Presentation needs a little work. Tried the sparkling sake - skip it , not all that good.
4	I have been dining here for roughly 5 yrs.. i recommend sitting at the sushi bar.. the chefs are a lot of fun.. Yung is my fav. The sushi here is to die for.. order somethings wrong #7.. trust me, there's nothing wrong about it at all.  oyster shooters are also yummy, but they dont always have it.. they sell quickly.  and lastly, like i said...sit at the bar. the waitresses here arent very attentive.
4	A few weeks ago I went to the popular Sushi Fever on Buffalo and Sahara, where I have dined many times before. We had to wait ten minutes for a table, which may be a sign that the economy is coming back, or a sign they need more tables. One thing I love about Vegas is that you rarely need to make reservations, however, Sushi Fever has been around for awhile and has a large following. Though not the absolute best sushi place I have been (that Frugal Foodie award would go to the ridiculously un-frugal Sushi Sasabune in Los Angeles), the rolls are fresh, creative, and well-executed. Most are in the $12-$15 range but there are some relative bargains such as the Washington Roll for $9.50. This roll is stuffed with salmon, avocado, cucumber and one of my personal favorite fillings, yamagobo, which is a pickled Japanese root vegetable similar to a carrot in the shape of a stringbean. It adds great texture to the roll as it has a hearty crunch. The Washington Roll is topped with a very thin layer of salmon, which normally I would say is a cheap way for a restaurant to advertise more fish, but in this case worked very well since there were also big chunks of salmon inside. I think the roll might have been too big and salmon-y had the slice been thicker. We also ordered two of my personal favorites, the 90% Roll and the Rock and Roll. Both of these are quite the mouthful but incredibly tasty, not least because they both come with an out-of this world tangy dipping sauce. The ingredients I can identify in the sauce are rice wine vinegar, sesame oil, scallions, tiny fish roe, and kewpie mayonaise, a Japanese mayonaise that in my opinion is much better than American mayonaises (see the ingredient shopping page). My dad had the brilliant idea of using a spoon to ladel the sauce on top because otherwise it is very easy to lose your roll to the bottom of the bowl while dipping. The 90% Roll has fried sof-shell crap in the interior, is wrapped with ahi tuna, and then is topped with chopped and baked scallops. It's not the healthiest but a must try. The Rock and Roll is much lighter but equally delicious. It has hamachi, salmon, tuna, and crab and is wrapped skillfully in cucumber. We also had to order the hamachi sashimi, because although rolls are fun to eat, they are definitely not authentic. A great piece of butttery fish with a little soy sauce and wasabi is beautiful in its simplicity and truly lets you enjoy the flavor of the fish. The meal was highly enjoyable, but the service and ambiance ceratinly left something to be desired. Once we were able to locate our waiter the rolls came out quickly, but I don't think I'll be going to Sushi Fever on a Friday night anytime soon. For good reason is it a popular spot, and as long as you go at the right time, it should prove to be a fullfilling experience!
4	One of my personal all time favorite sushi joints in Las Vegas!I suggest the Dr Garber roll with spicy mayo! Amaaaaazing!The sushi chef's are great to interact with as well, not boring like a lot of other places!
3	Nothing special really..... korean style sushi served in this restaurant, and i suppose i'm more used to the traditional japanese taste....We had 5 slices of hamachi, 5 real thin slices of giant clam, 1 kama collar, 1 roll served with some dipping sauce composed of mayo, korean chili paste (less sweet) and green onions. Tap is around 70.The hamachi sashimi was a thicker slice compared to other restaurant though.
5	sushi fever has been a long time favorite of mine... i haven't lived in las vegas for a few years but every time i go back the sushi chefs seem to remember me like no time has lapsed. it is a great feeling!my personal favorite is the Dale Earnhardt roll... my mouth is salivating just writing this. i have yet to experience a sushi place quite like sushi fever... the portions are nice and large and the price is fair. i also am fond of the cucumber salad and edamame that comes with the food. this restaurant is something i highly recommend to anyone living in las vegas or even just visiting. A+
5	Whenever I come to Las Vegas, my trip is incomplete without a stop at Sushi Fever (better yet 2 stops).  I've traveled the world and I've eaten thousands of rolls, nigiri, and other sushi creations - IMO, Sushi Fever has no rival when it comes to specialty rolls.I start with the Mountain Roll - then the Screaming Orgasm - then the Grand Canyon roll.  This is what I get every time and it never varies because I HAVE TO order these rolls and I'm so full that I simply can't order any more so I never get a chance to try any other rolls (which I'm sure are similarly amazing).  When I dream of good sushi, which is often, I think of Sushi fever.  If you like California style rolls, this is the place to go.
5	I have been going to Sushi Fever for a LONG time. The fish is always fresh, the food is delish, the service is friendly and it is nice and clean.My favorite sushi chef is Lee and the most wonderfuly sweet server is Sung Mi. My favorite rolls are the Sting Man (which is named after my cousin, and you should try it - it's frickin awesome!), and the Ultimate Shrimp with cream cheese, dipped in the Sting Man sauce. My favorite Teppan Grill chef is Masasaki Sasako (I love his name, I think he usually just introduces himself with his taken American name, which I think is George).
4	Good sushi decent price, good service. Weak on atmosphere, but good for quick hit.
4	Food is decent.  Love their lunch menu.  They have good Bento box combination.
5	FRESH high quality sushi...The chopsticks are GROSS balsa wood, which is so rough on the tongue... I actually would rather eat off a spoon or fork at this sushi bar.  PLEASE IF YOU ARE READING YOUR REVIEWS ... GET BETTER CHOPSTICKS!!!!  The food is good, but Lee was the best sushi chef ever and we were told he moved to Auston Texas... Lucky Texans! SPICY SOFT SHELL CRAB HANDROLL - you can order it with no rice.  The new sushi chefs are doing a nice job,  especially look for Young... our choice of a Sushi Chef these days with Lee gone:(
5	EAT AT THE SUSHI BAR.The table service is ok, but you miss out on this place's best feature if you're not at the bar.  (unless you're part of a large group, I guess...even then, I'd try to just take over the bar, if you can do so without being rude?)I think I tried most of the rolls they offer, plus several custom offerings by the chefs...never once did I not slow down to savor what was going on in my mouth.  If Osaka is where I fell in love with sushi, then this place is where it became a torrid affair.Order as much as you think you can eat, and make sure to share your sake or beer with the sushi chef...nothing is more fun than a liquored up sushi chef!  Plus, once they start pushing their custom creations on you, then you know you're knocking on the door to excellence.(favorite chef from a couple of years back...Yeung.  If he's still there, find him, buy him a shot, and get the night started!)
4	I am big fan of 'I Love Sushi' in Henderson, but this place comes close second out of all local sushi places. Whenever I don't want to drive to Henderson I always try to come her. There is a lot of choices and if you sit at the bar and explain to the chef what you want, he will make it for you, even if its not on the menu.
5	When my husband and I first moved here, we saw this place and just laughed.  Sushi Fever?  WTF!  But some friends took us here and now it's our regular sushi joint.  I'm not a big fan of AYCE and since this place doesn't have it, there is no pressure.  Some of the AYCE places insist you eat everything even if you hate it, which makes for a stressful dining experience (you will eat all of our crappy sushi roll, or else!).  Plus, I always end up leaving AYCE sushi feeling sick and swearing off sushi forever because my friends order too much crap and only want the fried rolls covered in cream cheese.  Maybe I need better AYCE sushi friends. Here, all the sushi is quality and the sushi chefs are terrific.  I'm willing to pay more for good quality sushi in a fun environment.  If you like spicy, try the Jay Roll.  The Gail Special is also really good.  I agree with Robert T, eat at the sushi bar if you can.  Much better service and more fun.  It gets a little crowded but you can make it work.
3	We were visiting Vegas and a friend's aunt (who lives in Vegas) recommended this sushi place. I ordered a deep fried CA roll and the fried rice. My friend ordered a deep fried CA roll with cream cheese and the fried rice and my other friend ordered a regular CA roll with miso soup.It was okay, but I've definitely have had better. I don't like when places use fake crab because they usually use way too much. That's what happened this time. The fried rice was good because they did it off of the teppenyaki tables, which is my favorite. The service was good, the prices were average. Though there are a lot of sushi places in Vegas, we'll probably try another sushi place next time.
5	Very very very good. Excellent service from start to finish. SIT AT THE BAR! extremely attentive and friendly.Screaming orgasm: stunning. Crazy horse: very good. Other rolls served were creative and unusual. You can get the standard fare, but the chefs here have creative streaks and it's always wise to place yourself in the hands of those who know what they're doing. Highly recommended for late night less-than-sober hijinks. A perfect neighborhood sushi place when you want just a roll or two to wrap the night up.
5	Of the many great sushi restaurants in Las Vegas, this one is arguably the very best. All of our out of town friends have been introduced to Sushi Fever and its very fresh and delicious menu!Our son craves it all of the time ... and we are fortunate to be able to go at least two/three times per month.We always try and sit in Young's section - he loves to fist bump and is the creator of the Apple roll! He is always eager and happy to create custom rolls based on your unique taste buds and cravings! And ask him about his golf game - he is an avid golfer!My favorites on the menu ... EVERYTHING! But to be a bit more specific:*Screaming Orgasm*Garlic Tuna*Just for the Halibut*Apple Roll*Mistake Roll #7*Japanese Lasagna*Yum Yum roll*All the fresh sushi rolls (especially salmon, yellowtail and tuna)*Ikura
2	Been here a few times and I am never satisfied.  The restaurant atmosphere itself sucks, the service is not good, and the food at best the food is average.First off the fish is not bad, it's actually pretty fresh, but the sushi is sloppy.  Sushi isn't much, raw fish and rice.  Half of what you are paying for is presentation and it is lacking.  Rolls with rice falling off and nigiri put together haphazardly.  My wife ordered some teryaki steak dish and it was grey, tough, and flavorless, I mean it SUCKED.  For some reason I have been here 3 or 4 times and I keep forgetting like an idiot that it's not that good, last time I went was the last straw, never again.
2	I've had better, so have you.I came for lunch on a Wednesday, and walked into a busy restaurant.  I sat at the sushi bar, which feels very clustered and crowded.  The bar is high up, and right in your face so you must really look up at the chefs to order, it isn't comfortable.  I didn't order a lot today, so this review doesn't reflect the majority of the menu, but should still be a fair picture of what to expect.I ordered Tuna nigiri, and Mackeral nigiri, along with an Arizona roll (yellowtail, green onion, topped with yellowtail).Tuna $4 - Nice and tender, not overly flavorful but a nice texture.Mackeral $4 - Tasted a bit "fishier" than mackerel should and a bit tougher.  I wouldn't order it again.Arizona Roll $9 - The yellowtail was chewy, and the green onion was too dominating.  Only after drawing this dry roll in wasabi and soy sauce did I enjoy it.  The quality of the sushi here is very average, and with the high prices, there are way better options for sushi in the area.
4	If you love Albacore tuna sushi then there is no better place in Las Vegas than Sushi Fever.  I've been coming to this restaurant for years and the Albacore tuna is still first rate.  I always compare Albacore tuna sushi whereever I go to compare to Sushi Fever. So far no other sushi restaurant has come close to matching the soft, buttery texture of Sushi Fever's Albacore.Their spider roll is my second favorite.  They don't serve the typical puny crab at Sushi Fever as I usually receive a large soft shell crab in my Spider Roll which is always crunchy and awesome.Ignore the other reviews about the Sushi Bar being too high when you sit at it.  Never had a problem with its height and the sushi chefs are always responsive to your needs.Sushi Fever has lots of very creative specialty rolls and for those not into sushi coming with their friends to Sushi Fever the restaurant has really good chicken dishes.
4	The something wrong roll is great. Too bad it's not an all-you-can-eat, I like getting a bang for my buck.
3	Came with some friends from the Vegas area. Definitely a good break from the overpriced sushi/asian fusion places on the Strip. Had a smattering of different sushi and also their Spider Rolls. Tasted fresh and well put together. Enjoy it for lunch!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!! I have been eating here over a decade and the quality nor the customer service never changes....I would recommend the "something wrong number 7". It's amazing...and their cucumber salad is the best in Las Vegas, California, Washington, and Texas!!  Please eat your heart out when you go there...Have a great time!! I always do. ;-)
3	Teriyaki chicken was good white meat. The cucumber salad was also good. One of the best parts of the meal.  The spicy tuna rolls were good but not amazing. The cucumber snd tuna rolls were good too. The service was slow. Nice hours, open late.
5	Bar-none this is one of my favorite sushi restaurants in Vegas. I know that some people will disagree with me on this but although they're good this is not my favorite place to go eat rolls. Yea yea i know that rolls are the big thing these days but if that's why you're going to Sushi Fever i think you might be missing out.The produce is top quality and I'm real happy with good old fashioned nigiri or sashimi. And I think they probably have the best Scream O in Vegas. Customer service is always excellent, attentive and never disappoints. If you don't know, now you know.
4	Great sushi, but always so busy. Staff is ok. Sushi bar is crowded during rush hour.
2	Having been a professional poker player, I had heard great things about this from Texas Dolly Doyle Brunson and the likes of Daniel Negreanu.  Them and other poker players seem to have been great fans of this joint.Lesson learned after eating there today?  Great poker players do not equate to foodies.Nice staff, nice sushi chefs, but the food isn't great besides their fish tempura which was awesome-o.With the surprisingly large number of good Japanese restaurants in the area you can definitely find better places than the Fever.  I will say, though, that most Japanese places in town have a large Asian clientele where this one is mostly Caucasian.  It's possible my many Caucasian friends will like this place better.  I could be used to different flavors, etc.But they charged me like $7 for a unagi nagiri order.  2 pieces of mediocre unagi.  Really...it was dry.  Their rice is great but come on.  Unagi is supposed to be moist.Should have known when their bento box comes with a California roll.  Yikes.  Their tonkatsu was dry and flavorless.  Again, maybe it's for Caucasian tastes as many of my friends distrust fattier parts of the pork.  But fat=flavor my friends.
3	Always solid.  Sashimi is very good.  Specialty rolls are also tops.  They need to block the door from view in the dining room as it looks really dingy and bad in there.  They can benefit from upping their game.Really good and a regular stop for me.
5	This is some of the best sushi that money can buy in Las Vegas.  It isn't cheap but you will get great value.  Go early and try not to stay late!
5	This is my favorite sushi place!  I haven't found one anywhere that can top the quality of the food for the price that we pay.  We can go crazy and have a big bill b/c there are a lot of fantastic specialty rolls, but it's always worth a trip over to get there sushi and you can get out of there full, happy, and with a small bill too.I've had probably about half the rolls on the menu.  My favorites are the Something Sexy #1 (With ALL Salmon instead of Tuna...but I hear is great with tuna as well), Something Sexy # 2, Ultimate Shrimp, Screaming O, Japanese Burrito, Yum Yum (Scallop Cooked), Alaska Roll, Grand Canyon Roll...and they have the best plain old California Roll.  The Apple Roll is tasty if you're looking for something different, and I think this roll is alright, but a lot of my friends really like the Dale Earnhardt roll too.  Although I've eaten here a 100 or more times so I've ventured to even try half the menu...I definitely have my favorites and only try something new when I'm with a group or really in the mood for a different flavor.This place is a great sushi place to take beginning sushi eaters, or even to take someone that LOVES sushi...everyone will leave wanting to come back.  The sashimi is excellent here too and always so fresh.  The salmon almost melts in your mouth.  My Dad is not a sushi eater and I convinced him to try a tiny bite of the salmon sashimi and he was impressed...even finished the whole piece!  Sushi bar is a fun place to sit and eat.  The sushi chefs are SO fun and love interacting with the customers.  Buy a bottle of saki and give them a couple of shots and they will hook up your rolls too.  ;)  They serve edamame and oranges at the bar at no additional charge.  Sushi rolls come out beautifully and each roll's presentation is just amazing here.  They do such a wonderful job.Great lunch specials and offer  too.  And also have half the restaurant for Teppanyaki.  You can order the Teppanyaki anywhere though, and if on the sushi side of the restaurant it comes on a nice hot iron plate which is awesome b/c it keeps your food warm!  Other favorites are the Beef Terryaki...reallllllly good (not a fan of the chicken terryaki...you're better getting the chicken Teppanyaki b/c they use better chicken in it) and the Shrimp Tempura (which I don't order as often b/c it's fried) is a really great treat on occasion.
5	By far my favorite Sushi place. The Sushi is really fresh and the dishes are very original. The staff is really on the ball with good service too.Used to go at least 1 once a week and now that I live out of town I am sad that I don't have Sushi Fever in Denver. I do make it a point to eat there though each time I'm in town.
3	Sushi Fever certainly makes a strong, strong case for the "Most Interesting Meal of My Life".I suppose that I should have entered my dinner with this expectation in mind, as I was already coming fresh off of the sensory stimulation-packed slambanggasms of the 2011 Electric Daisy Carnival. With this being said, my dining companions and I were looking forward to a relaxing, refreshing meal - the ideal contrast to three days' worth of dancing between the hours of 8 PM and 6 AM. In a way, Sushi Fever certainly did accomplish just that. The sheer variety of the restaurant's offerings is simply staggering, as the five separate types of menus awaiting our party of six were accompanied by lists of the day's specials that were craftily placed under the glass surface of our table. Although it did take some time to decide between dozens of sushi varieties (and a nifty selection of entree items such as teriyaki, as well), I decided on a Crunch Roll (a reliable classic that has yet to disappoint me at any sushi bar) and a Honey Roll (I think that was what it was called, I know that it was the first item on one of the special rolls menus and that the roll was listed as being drizzled with eel sauce). My fellow diners and I also ordered two orders of gyoza - one steamed and one fried. Each order consisted of six potstickers, so all six of us exhausted rave-slaves were able to sample the dual dishes' tender/crispy textures and refreshing meat/broth filling. The dishes also came with a nice bowl of edamame - just what my tired bones and seratonin-depleted brain were looking for! Healthy and refreshing.NOTE: THIS ENDS THE PORTION OF THE REVIEW WHERE THE DINING EXPERIENCE CAN BE CONSIDERED "NORMAL". Thank you.Upon finishing our appetizers, my friends and I expected to receive our entrees within roughly 5-10 minutes. Strangely enough, Sushi Fever seemed grounded in the practice of bringing our entrees out one by one. Poor Nick got his chicken teriyaki almost twenty minutes before any other entrees were served, and it must've been strange for him to nibble on the twin chicken breasts bit-by-bit as the rest of us suppressed our appetites. I sampled a bit of the miso salad that his teriyaki came with (the dish also comes with miso soup), and the salad was relatively tasty, but not anything to write home about. Ryan was the next at our table to receive his dinner, and he too attempted to slow down his eating while waiting for the rest of our entrees to be served. The gap between the arrival of his entree and the arrival of the next two dishes was about ten minutes, and I did note that the restaurant appeared to be picking up in pace rapidly, as dinner customers were arriving in larger parties. Still, shouldn't establishments be prepared for stuff like this?Nevertheless, my food finally arrived. The Crunch Roll had a somewhat strange presentation; it almost seemed as though the roll had been organized in a sort of jumbled fashion on the plate, and the sushi was positioned in a shallow plate of sweet sauce (not quite teriyaki sweet, but still sweet nonetheless). Now inevitably, you're probably wondering how Sushi Fever earned three stars (or any stars at all), and this rating is due almost entirely to the INSANE FLAVOR OF THE SOOSH! For all of the restaurant's shortcomings, I cannot deny that my sixteen dollars certainly went far in the way of the food itself; funky presentation and Snorlax-esque service couldn't upset the fact that the Crunch Roll had an unforgettable contrast of texture and that the Honey Roll offered a mellow, rich, refreshing flavor that jolted the tastebuds in the same way that the Swedish House Mafia's drops jolted my eyes into the back of my head at around 1 AM on Sunday morning. Pure bliss. The portion size on the Honey Roll did leave a bit to be desired, however.Our meal took a turn for Beyond Wonderland, however, once my friend Scott received his "Chef's Special". I'm not entirely sure as to what the roll's contents were, but the dish resembled a regular sushi roll with a transplanted hat of crabmeat glued to the top. Looks weren't deceiving on this day, as Scott took a bite of his sushi and promptly proceeded to gag, again and again (HAHAHA). He washed the piece of sushi down with some lemonade, and my friends and I decided to have a Man Vs. Food moment of our own by sampling the choke-inducing dish.Oh my.Strange stuff; I suppose that being Filipino really saved me today, as my companions each began to put on the most grotesque faces upon sampling the Chef's Special. My tongue, specifically, was greeted by relatively normal sushi flavors and an undesirable gut-punch of bitterness (not the sharp heat of wasabi, nor the unmistakable flavor of ginger, mind you, but some awful bitterness). Never again. In any case, Sushi Fever was a hit-or-miss experience. Kinda like Russian Roulette. You just gotta know what to order.
2	I'll just start off and say that I've had much better sushi. I got this place recommended from a work associate who recommended it and she just raved about it. Don't get me wrong.... I isn't bad sushi, for being in the middle of a desert. But like Vegas itself, it is a lot of hype and just average experience. The place was packed, so I know the food must be above average, but if this place was in California, it wouldn't last. The restaurant is great out in Nevada because Nevada sucks and the people here don't really know what "good food at a good price is." The sushi wasn't all that fresh and most of the rolls showed the paper on the outside! Really.... name a good sushi place that shows the paper on the outside of its rolls? To compensate for the lack of fresh fish, each roll was doused in sauces and BS... Not for me I guess, but good for the Desert Dwellers out her that don't know any better....The free soy beans, hot towel and cucumber were nice to start the meal, but the rolls were waaaaaaay over priced. Even for a place 7 miles west of the Strip. The  Carrot Top roll was pretty good, but nothing I'd brag about to anyone... The Sexy Girl #2 was god awful.... bad roll covered in fried onion, garlic and mushrooms. Just terrible.... I wouldn't feed it to my dog.Overall.... my search for good sushi in Vegas continues.... I won't go back to Fever.
5	Yummy! Fish is fresh, creative sushi and a wide variety. It's always packed which means the turnover of ingredients is often, fresh.Try the Gail Special, Washington Roll and Apple Roll (rolled with fresh green apple (truly unique and crisp clean taste). I will go back again and again.
4	Went here over the weekend I sat at a teppanyaki table with a medium size group, There were only two of us who wanted Sushi while the rest enjoyed chicken beef and shrimp. I had the Monica roll which was delicious and a rainbow roll, albacore sushi and a cucumber and sashimi salad. All of it was delicious. The chef at the table was fantastic he did all the basic tricks, tossed cubes of broccoli at everyones face and kept s entertained the entire time. I love when you get to watch someone play with your food before you eat it, so all in all this place was pretty good.
3	Not as good quality as it used to be.  In fact, I'm quite sure the better half got some fish that didn't agree with her a few hours later.I enjoyed the Mackerel however and the chefs at the bar get 5 stars.May not be back for a while though.
5	This sushi place is as good as it gets. I think that Sushi Fever may have actually ruined me for all other sushi places here in Vegas.Our favorites include:Ultimate ShrimpSoft Shell Crab SaladSomething Sexy #2There's Something About AllyThe Screaming Orgasam (my ultimate fav)Something Wrong #7 - no riceRolley Rice w/a side of Spicy Ponzu SauceThe rolls here are creative. The sauces are delicious. The service is prompt and continually attentive. I have never had a bad experience here, and we eat here ALOT.The just launched a new special menu- and quite a few of our new favorites are from the menu. It's brilliant!
3	After 2nd visit with coworkers, who claim this is the best sushi joint in town, I'm still only mildly impressed.  The rolls cost quite a bit more than a few other neighborhood finds, and the quality is standard.  No complaints overall, but not worth my drive out of the way.  Would eat there again if in the area.
5	This is a great place for dinnertime -- sit at the bar if you can!
5	Linda's special. Best ever !!!!!
5	My favorite Sushi place in town!
2	I had one of my best experiences here. Not because of the food. To be honest, since my father is a chef -- I have high expectations when it comes to Fine Japanese cuisine and this spot does NOT do it right. My father trained the chef who trained the owner of this store and for that reason ... My mother and I ventured here when I was craving raw fish in Las Vegas.To be fair, getting good sashimi and such in Vegas is quite a task. This place is local to my mother's home, and due to the familiarity of how this chef was trained, we decided to take a shot.What made this experience so great was that my beau, who is completely allergic to fish, was ready to rumble in the ring -- to make me happy. His lips puffed up as he ate but he kept a smile on his face. My mother and I were both mutually impressed. And he made me happy ... Ok this is coming off wrong. I'm not happy that he's allergic, I was happy that he cared to make me happy... Whoa whoa whoa! Back to the food story:Alright so service, not so good. It was slow, and the waitress forgot to give me my miso soup and cucumber set. When I asked her about it, she said "Oh I didn't give you one?" Clearly, lady... clearly... So she went to get me a set. Then she noticed that we had edamame on our table... To be real, oftentimes sushi restaurants hookup a small portion for free so we were nibbling on them waiting for our dish... Well well well, when the waitres noticed our edamame, she took it away, mentioned that we didn't "order" any, and gave it to another table!!! GROSS!! Hamachi kama was the best thing, but that's usually always safe.The sashimi was OK. Not the freshest but the best I've had in Vegas. Not saying much. Amaebi was supposed to be live, but they added way too much wasabi and it was not tasty. Lost the sweet flavor for real.  Dynamite was frozen scallops and mushroom and rice... Not up to par AT ALL.The best thing was the tempura ice cream, though we waited for a solid 20 minutes to get it.
4	Sushi Fever = YUMMY. MY BFF and I meet here every month or so for girl time. Excellent service, always crowded and great sushi. Joe's Special is "off the hook" but the noise factor can get a bit overwhelming, can't see this being the most intimate spot for a solid date night. The yellowtail sashimi is consistently amazing, Screaming O sauce was a bit too creamy (that even felt weird typing it) but all in all a well-rounded sushi spot here in town.
4	While my husband and I were waiting for our food, we saw one of the waiters carrying a huge fish into the kitchen.  Husband says, "That means the fish is super fresh here, when they get the whole fish it's much better than frozen packs...."   Sure enough, the sushi was astoundingly good -- and we enjoyed large, thick slabs of fish  elegantly mounted on the rice.  We also got a Korean spicy chicken dish to go, which was wonderful, too. Plus, the waiter had no problem adjusting the dish to be cooked without sugar or flour.  He was super patient and nice.  Note: no brown rice, only white (if they offered brown rice I would have given this place a 5).
5	Many years ago, I had my very first sushi experience here. I tried a Rainbow Roll.. So, I may be a bit biased with my review but I LOVE this place! The sushi is so fresh and it is always my go to sushi place. The main complaint my friends had: there is no All You Can Eat option here. The quality and flavor of the sushi here totally makes up for it!
3	It's OKAY here. Sushi Fever what a great name, so great I made a list of Sushi joints in Vegas you should try out. I actually insist you take a look at that list because I've had so much better and so can YOU.Teppan: 3/5 I love Teppan its just something as a family or a group of friends have to try. Basically Teppan is a style of Japanese cooking where the chef cooks in front of you and does cool tricks as you enjoy your dinner. Dinner and a show what a great combo. I love Teppan but the food is only good as its entertainer. When I went I had a horrible chef that wasn't interactive at all. He wasn't even social, maybe there was a language barrier I don't know but honestly what ever this chef was doing I could've done same thing. All he did was stand there and cook. Nigiri: 3/5 I was happy to find a place that actually had fresh fish but the portions were off. I find this a lot in Las Vegas. The ratio of Rice to Fish is so off. This place isn't even AYCE (all you can eat) so they shouldn't have a reason to cheat people off on their nigiri's Sashimi: 3/5 I was happy to see shashimi on the menu, you don't see to many of that around Las Vegas. Like I said the Fish here was fresh but the slices are super thin.Price: 3/5 This place can be a bit pricy, there's no AYCE and the teppan for JUST the combination's it was about $20-40 (enough for 1-2 people). So you'll end up ordering multiple combinations and sides. The bill adds up.
5	This place is the best and most creative sushi I have ever eaten.  It is worth the trip off of the strip.  A MUST DO if you are in Vegas!
4	WOW! I have one favorite roll here! Forgot the name, it is on their new menu. Something Sexy #2. Shrimp tempura wrapped in rice rolled in rice pager with tuna on the side and a garlic poached shrimp on top. YUMMY!
4	This really is great sushi.I went here a few weeks back, and was impressed by the quality of the sushi.  Places like this can go either way in terms of food content, and I wanted to try a new place as I've been getting more rice than fish in my rolls.  Not here.  We tried a few of the specialty rolls and a sashimi platter.  The rolls were tasty, but the platter really stood out.  They pack their rolls with fish, and everything tasted really fresh, so you definitely get what you pay for.  The prices themselves aren't that bad, either, so you can get filled up pretty quickly for a reasonable price.  Big points for their sake.  It helped to make the already pleasant rolls that much more, well, pleasant.The service was no slouch, either.  Attentive to the point of covering whatever was needed, by not constantly in your face or disruptive when you had a mouth full of food.  Everything was very laid back and casual, and the servers were helpful for new choices.  Bear in mind this was during a lunch, so I can't speak for any potential dinner rush.Overall, we enjoyed our experience here, and I would gladly go back to explore their other options.  At the very least, we now have yet another sushi place to frequent.I could think of worse things to have.
4	Yum yum yum says my tummy tum tum! This place has super creative rolls that pack a powerful flavor punch. I tried several rolls on the menu and none of them disappointed, but I would have to say that my ultimate favorite was the ultimate shrimp! It had the perfect amount of crunch and was so delish! Some downsides: no AYCE option and the rolls are very pricey (but I didn't pay the tab so I didn't mind!)
4	For those who love Seaweed salad, and a creeative sushi menu, this place is for you!!!!!!!!Been here many times, and always consistent in service and foods.
5	All I have to say is I live near little Tokyo in downtown Los Angeles just so I can embed my cravings of sushi with a variety of the best in the West, but I will drive 4 hours to Las Vegas just to eat here any day of the week. Hands down my top pick in the entire USA. Next time you're in sin city, leave the strip and you won't be disappointed. Try the Ultimate Shrimp roll. Gail's Special and the Shrimp Tempura.
4	This is the best sushi I've had in las Vegas. Great service and great value.
5	My family and I have been going here for YEARS! It just keeps getting better and better!! Ilove the sushi rolls, and my daughter loves the teppan side, George the chef is her favorite!!! he is awesome, and the rest of the staff is fantastic as well!!!
4	Two words I don't like to see in the same sentence are Sushi and Fever ... that is unless I'm going to eat at Sushi Fever.  This is definitely a "locals" place and a hidden gem in Las Vegas for sushi.I usually start off by getting a screaming orgasms.  The combination of seared tuna along with the chef's secret sauce is enough to give anyone a screaming O.  I've ordered it a dozen times and am never disappointed ... I do wish the servers would actually call it by it's full name and not the screaming O.     As for the sushi, it really is all good.  Pick your favorite meat and rest assure you're going to get something good.  From the X-Wife to the Carrot Top you're bond to find something you like and won't be able to find anywhere else.  The crazier the name of the roll the better it tends to be!I love me some sushi fever whenever I'm back home in Vegas.
5	Sushi Fever broke my cherry when it comes to Japanese cuisine and for that not many other restaurants can hold a candle to it. They're definitely in my top 5 places to eat sushi at, globally, in all aspects (service, quality, cleanliness, environment). I've made it a point to eat sushi, at least one restaurant, in every major city I've been to (Domestic and International) and nothing makes me feel closer to home or more satisfied than Sushi Fever.
4	This is one of my favorite sushi spots in Vegas.They have some of the most consistently tasty slices of fish - this is partly because they're also one of the busiest places. On the other hand, there are many sushi restaurants packed with mediocre quality selections. There is no all-you-can-eat, but for a reason. Ordering a couple of their upscale rolls like their popular "Today's Special" or "Something Wrong" maybe expensive but in the end equals all you can eat prices, but with a lot more fish and less rice. This is far more worth it than a mass of diabetes-inducing rice rolls with imitation crab over and over again. Sashimi is presented beautifully and sliced thick. You will leave happy.Why not 5 stars? Because items there that are not sushi are just average. Service is just average. Though, they really want to refill your water cup... a lot.
5	Growing up in Hawaii We never had a lack of fresh fish. Now that I live in Cincinnati, I wish i would of eaten what was more readily available as a kid. Once my folks moved to Vegas, they knew what i was saying all these years. Once you leave the ocean, you leave delicious fresh fish. The more land locked you are, the more it all taste like LJS, yuck :(So while visiting my folks, mom wanted to go out for some Sashimi Ahi. Almost laughing on the inside we searched yelp to find something worth trying, and Thank the heavens above we decided on this place.Its located in a business park almost, but as we drove by, Sushi fever was jam packed with cars parked in front of it, good sign number one.As we entered the place was busy and hopping, but we got to sit at the Sushi bar, the best place to sit in my opinion and was given a bowl of edamame from out Sushi Chef, excellent sign number 2.As Dad and I went on the hunt for what rolls we wanted, Mom just blurted out 3 Sashimi Ahi to get the party started. WOW this was some of the best fish i have had since leaving Hawaii. The Ahi was perfect in color, the flavor was super fantastic, and the texture was spot on. No gritty over frozen or pale flesh to look it. This is a place to go!
5	Yep a 5 star experience. The fresh of the freshest. We walked in sat at counter talked to owner he told waitress he would take care of us and the food just kept coming. It was his choice with a few suggestions from us. So freaking good.
3	Very good sushi place in a very competitive market. Everything is fresh and service is attentive.
4	Sushi Fever indeed!!  (Note, I'd give this a 3.5 stars, but am rounding it up because of the vast selection of rolls... I'll get to that soon)Ok, this is not the cheapest sushi place around. No AYCE, and the rolls are fairly pricey.  But the rolls... Good gosh there are a lot of choices!! I counted 75!! That's seventy-five choices of sushi rolls!! How can people ever decide??  Well, decide we had to do.I feel as though I decided pretty well, getting the Love Me Tender and the OMG rolls.  I was kind of cheating- both had cooked items in them rather than raw, but who cares.  They were both very, very tasty, but the Love Me Tender was my favorite. Both were full of fish, not rice, and came with their own sauces, so I didn't even need to mix up the soy and wasabi.  Now, service was the downside of Sushi Fever.  We sat at the bar, and it took a long time to get the chef's attention for our order.  A cucumber salad and edemame (sp) were brought quickly, and that's a good thing, because it took forever for our rolls to be ready.  It also took quite awhile for us to get someone to bring us the bill.  I wonder if things would have been quicker at a table?
1	I recently moved to Summerlin from Chino Hills in Southern California. There were quite a few good sushi restaurants back home, and I was looking forward to trying and finding some good ones out here in Las Vegas. So, after a quick scan on yelp, we decided to check out Sushi Fever.Now, I haven't tried any sushi from anywhere else here in Las Vegas yet, but compared to places I've been previously, this was easily one of the worst. We went on a Saturday afternoon, around 1 o'clock, and the place was moderately busy. Our service was a little on the slow side, but not the worst I've experienced. Our food, however, was a very big disappointment, especially for the price. The rolls average around $14, and based on the quality and quantity they give, I'd put their value closer to $7-$8. We ordered 2 Miso Soups, 1 order of steamed Gyoza, 1 order of yellowtail nigiri, 1 kamikaze hand-roll, 1 yum yum hand-roll, 1 Mistake specialty roll, 1 Volcano specialty roll, and just water to drink. The bill was $54. I'd probably rate this place a 2 - 2.5 star establishment if the bill was closer to $30.As for our food, the miso soup was extremely bland, with an over powering taste of onion. I'm not sure how they managed to screw up miso soup, but they did. There was a lot of tofu though, so that may or may not be a bonus for some people. The gyoza was a limp sack of spinach, with a mediocre sauce on the side. We ate half of them before deciding we'd rather be hungry than continue eating those. The yellowtail nigiri was alright, nothing special, nothing terrible. The kamikaze hand-roll was definitely on the lower end of hand-rolls I've had, and all of the cream cheese was on the bottom for some reason, so the last bite was exceptionally bad. The yum yum hand-roll also managed to have an overpowering oniony taste somehow, despite me not actually seeing any onions. The mistake specialty roll was on par with a Vons brand spicy tuna roll, except this one looking like it was rolled by someone with tremors. Finally, the volcano specialty roll. This was easily the best thing we ordered off the menu, but it came out 10 minutes after the rest of our food, cost $12, and we only got 4 medium sized pieces of sushi. Plus, it was a baked roll, despite not mentioning that on the menu, which sadly my fiancee doesn't like.I don't know if this place just has off days or what, but we definitely won't be coming back. I've generally been pretty pleased with the restaurant scene out here, and I was pretty surprised at how bad the food was for the price. I hope the other nearby sushi bars can do better.
3	I go to many different Sushi restaurants all over Vegas, as there are hundreds of them, and I haven't found "my place" yet.  I like to try a different place almost every time I eat Sushi.  Sushi Fever actually got TWO tries from me, this being my second.Good food, nice and attentive wait staff, nice decor, with huge HDTV's in the restaurant to watch whatever game may be on at the time (this is a plus!).Sadly...  it is just TOO expensive to go back!  65$ + 15$ tip = 80$ check for these items:Carrot Top 14$Hawaiian Roll 15$Dale Earnheardt 15$4pc Garlic Tuna 8$A few Iced Teas & 1 Mochi finished us off.  As you can see, we didn't even drink, if we had, I'd have been looking at 100 bucks for two people! Sushi Chef was a nice guy, but very quiet, not very personable, as alot of Chefs in this industry tend to be.  He also had no recommendations at all for us, and was quite vague in answers to our questions.  He made some tasty rolls however, the Carrot Top was pretty good I'd say. Good food, bad value.  You can do much better and save yourself 15-20$ for equal if not better quality.
5	This is my absolute favorite sushi restaurant in all of Vegas!!! The combination of rolls are incredible , the service is always friendly...You must order the 99 roll its not on the menu but is by far their best roll. Sushi fever a little bit pricey but is well well worth it for great sushi .....
5	I live in Los Angeles but make a point to go to Sushi Fever whenever I make it out to Vegas. Actually its one of the first things I start to get excited about when we start to plan a Vegas trip. You must Must MUST try the Screaming Orgasm! Its not cheap sushi... but you pay for what you get. The suchi chefs do not just slap these rolls together. The Apple Roll requires the sushi chef to peel and apple into a ribbon as it becomes the wrap for the roll! The Apple Roll is amazing, but I personally wouldn't order it when the chefs are busy... it requires way too much of their time. But if you are in there when its slow... my goodness its yummy. Everytime I have gone Ive had amazing service. I always sit at the sushi bar and the chefs have always been extreemly nice and attentive. I would recommend this place to anyone and everyone. Do yourself a favor, try Sushi Fever.
5	By far the best sushi place in Vegas I've eaten. Friend of mine introduced me to this place, a little hole in the wall restaurant not so extravagant but cozy, they had the most fresh Uni. (See urchin) not many peoples favorite but if you know the taste of fresh Uni, you know what fresh is. I've tried Uni from many other places found that all other places either had a smell or not cold enough. Sushi fever delivers that freshness. Therefore I've tried my others such as super white sashimi that literally melts in your mouth and tiger eye roll with thinly cut lemon, apple rolls and carrot top roll. And I don't really care for rolls but this really was very good. I advise ordering apple roll first before any other. Its very refreshing like having a salad before a meal. Its a little pricey but I will definitely go back again to try others they have on the menu and non the menu. You can ask the sushi chief to make you a special and he will whip you up a surprise. Its well worth the money.
2	BAD! ....But that's what we get for straying away from our favorite sushi spot (Kaizen on Paradise Rd.) We walked into Sushi Fever about 40 minutes before they were due to close...AND they made us VERY aware of that. While walking in, being sat, giving our food and drink orders, we were told "We are closing soon" at least 5 times.I don't even remember what we ordered, for good reason. Everything tasted old and fishy. We made it clear to them that we werent going to be long... so I guess that gave them the OK to start breaking down their sushi bar and mopping with straight bleach. I didn't know which was worse--The fishy taste or the bleach filled air! Well... We won't be back. That is all.
5	Great service, even when busy, the staff was very attentive.  Try the sashimi appetizer salad! It was generous and they certainly didn't get skimpy with the tuna and salmon...a must have!
4	The specialty rolls set this place apart from other sushi places in Vegas.  The J-roll is what makes this a 4 star; very garlic and spicy, it is delicious!  I'm not a fan of the monkey roll, but if you like sweet sushi, it will work for you.  Everything else is on par, so I'd stick with the specialty stuff.
5	Absolutely the best sushi place in Vegas!!!  Huge selection of variety of rolls and they will prepare special rolls no problem.  This is one of my favorite lunch places and always take guests whenever possible.  Mid range prices, but large size rolls and friendly service easily make up for that.
5	Favorite place for sushi in Vegas!!! Never disappoints...
5	Definitely not a big sushi fan, however, Sushi Fever Rocked My World. The chefs were awesome, their off the menu rolls were Out of This World Amazeballs. Everything was so very fresh -- For Vegas, that is a BIG deal. It's definitely worth the drive, if you do not live in this neighborhood. Don't bringing friends who are put off by sushi -- there is pretty much nothing else on the menu -- This is a real sushi joint and you gotta try it.And in response to Nikki B from a few comments below: WHO the heck goes to a restaurant 40 minutes before they close and then act that way? As someone who has been in hospitality for over a decade I loathe people who talk smack because they don't know how to be a respectful patron, who bust into a place After a kitchen starts closing down and find every reason to complain. Even the finest restaurant would not seat you, at least be happy about that. This place is awesome, trying coming at a reasonable hour.
5	I've eaten lots of Sushi in lots of different cities and Sushi Fever is hands down the best.  The freshness, the variety and the service are all top notch.  My husband and I frequent sushi fever at least twice a month, sometimes twice a week.  The Screaming Orgasm, the Jay Roll and the Monica are amongst our faves.Sushi Fever never disappoints, for fresh, fail proof sushi, this is the spot!!!
3	Food good, nothing spectacular, standard Japanese menu. Service is great. They are very friendly and make you feel welcome.The pricing is my biggest problem with this place. We eat here every so often as its close to the house. Normally order out. We ate there tonight and I ordered a water. Rest of the group ordered misc drinks. Got the combo plate and was charged $2 more for beef. You have to read the fine print on the specials. For just my dinner and 2 cali rolls bill came to about $35 for just me without tip. I asked for a to go box and was given a teeny tiny box. Was afraid to ask for a bigger one as there might be a styrofoam charge additional so I just crammed everything in there and went on my  merry way.Place had a nice vibe. Big tvs everywhere. Not a whole lot of seating so come early and not during prime dinner times or you will have to wait.Pretty average food not worth the added charges. Portions were small. Other specialty sushi was good but again the prices were a high compared to other places and nothing especially great. The teriyaki beef that was an additional $2 was silly small. About 6 little pieces of meat with a splat of teriyaki sauce and not the best quality cut, kinda chewy. Have no reason to come back.
5	If your in town looking for the best sushi in town hands down this is the place. I've been to just about every sushi restaurant in town and nothing has yet to compare to freshness here.
5	I wouldn't say I know a lot about sushi. But  Sushi Fever is on my list of top sushi restaurant off the Las Vegas strip! They are always so friendly and patient when we arrive with big groups and make things complicated! The sushi never has that "fishy," unsettling taste or smell, which is always a plus and screams FRESH! Their list of speciality rolls is extensive and appeals to everyone's taste buds and their menus appeals to everyone, even those that don't like sushi. Double thumbs up for Sushi Fevs!
4	So far, this is the go to sushi spot after an evening of drinking. Service is fast and efficient, and when your buzzed and hungry, that's all that matters! The food, everything we've ever ordered, is amazing. DYNOMITE! Also delicious. One day, I'll have to go earlier and eat at the bar ; )
4	Excellent food, fine atmosphere, excellent service, reasonable prices. Been visiting this restaurant for over a year, about once a week. Never had any problems.
1	Updating my previous review of Sushi Fever I don't know what I was thinking when I clicked two stars. The smell of ammonia in the restaurant must have clouded my judgement. I would NEVER revisit this establishment again. It's a definite health hazard. Maybe they had a bad night, because I can't deny their 4 star status but my personal experience was terrible.
1	Went there for Valentines Day what a mistake! We ordered some sushi rolls which took forever to get to our table,.We orderd the screaming orgasm which was drencehed in sauce, and another roll which I do not remember was also drenched in sauce, I could not even taste the fish. All I tasted was the sauce. I am a fan of suaces on sushi rolls but this was ridiculous.The fried tofu was horrible! The sauce was so sour I could not eat it. The best thing I had was the california roll then again how can you screw that up!This place was just a waste of time and money!
5	Try the screaming orgasm! Yes I said that. It is a tuna salad with AMAZING Ponzu sauce and some spicy mayo. They have another version of the same salad with no mayo. Although even better it doesn't have the privilege of such a memorable name. Wow my mouth is watering right now while writing this review. This is also the place that turned me into a sushi fanatic.What is bad about this place??? I have been there a half dozen times and found nothing. It is just far enough off the strip (20 min), food is amazing, and service is always impeccable. The pieces of fish are large and fresh, sauces perfectly paired, and the best green tea ice cream ever. The atmosphere is also great which would explain why it is always busy. I have brought several friends that don't like sushi. The one who was willing to try is now a convert and the others said the hibachi and other hot entrees are superior too. It's a pretty expensive cab ride from the strip but if you are looking for a life changing sushi experience do it.
5	Our favorite weekend dinner spot! Sashimi is very fresh and the chefs are so great! We get treated like family here love this place.
5	Incredible service and tasty dishes. They have some killer sushi here and it's truly one of my favorites in town.  I totally recommend this and you will not be disappointed by anything. Try the spicy Tuna on anything amazing sushi is what they should call this place!   Get the fever for the flavor of sushi fever....great sushi bar for singles.
5	I'm not a huge seafood/sushi person.. One of my co workers decided to take me out to eat some "real sushi" she called it. I was really skeptical about it all and scared to really try anything. I ordered the basic crunch roll. Its honestly the best ever it was prepared quickly and really tasty! I am now ordering sushi once or twice a month for my lunch break i really love it here, highly recommend it!!
4	I'd been to Sushi Fever many times in the past but had stopped for the last couple of years. Yesterday I had a meeting on that side of town and my friend Octavio P. and I decided to go to Sushi Fever for lunch. He has been here many times for lunch and had raved about their bento box. First off, it is 8.95, so already that's a good thing. You get to choose from two proteins, I chose fish tempura and yakitori and it also comes with miso soup, a spring roll, a California roll, gyoza, rice and salad. Wow, was I super impressed. Everything tasted great and the portions were decent as well. For that price you would expect lesser quality so I was stunned at how good everything was. Too bad it's on the other side of town otherwise I would be in here every week.
2	Always need the Stingman (which is not on the menu), but tonight service was slow  and many of the rolls got to us just soaking in the special sauces, making the rice fall apart and the flavors indistinct.   The hand roll nori was chewy, as if it had been sitting a long time too.  It will be a while before we return.
4	My wife will literally punch a baby seal in the face for a Lisa Lisa roll.  I think the roll is great, but she loves it.  All things aside, this place isn't AYCE.  But the rolls are reasonably priced, so you probably won't break much more than you would at the AYCE places anyways.  As far as the crowd goes, avoid Friday nights if you're looking for a quick meal or if you have a large party.  Sometimes the wait can be 30+ minutes.  It's not that the staff is bad at cleaning and clearing.  It's just that the place gets cracking!
5	This place has the best sushi that I have ever had. Who needs all you can eat when  the quality of each roll is out of this world. I prefer quality over quantity! My favorite roll is the carrot top!
5	Hands down, the best sushi ever. Also very reasonable. Take the hike away from the strip to go here. Totally worth it.
5	Growing up in Florida I've developed a rule to not eat seafood in a landlocked area.  A friend convinced me to break my rule and just give it a try last summer.  I've been been hooked ever since!  The rolls are just as creative as the names.  Have you ever had a roll wrapped in thinly sliced apple?  Or how about tempura shrimp with banana?  Exactly!  Forget your rules.  Maybe it's time to plan another road trip?
1	I'm a local, and heard so many great things about this place from friends & on yelp ...but it definitely didn't live up to the hype :(  The quality and authenticity just isn't there - and for an ala carte menu (no all-you-can-eat), you expect great quality.  I don't care that only one person in the entire staff is Japanese, because if you make good food, it doesn't matter, but it is distracting that everyone there is speaking in another language to each other, and then will stop and greet guests in Japanese...just kinda odd in my book?
2	Decided to try this place based on positives reviews! First of all, seeing an almost empty place on Saturday night did not reassure me at all!! But now we here, lets give a shot. We got sat on a table close to the kitchen entrance with a noisy ice machine next to us wich did not help the experience, Servers barely speak English that made also the ordering challenging, Lets focus on the food now!! Based on yelp recommendation, We tried the Screaming orgasm, very soaky and creamy! Just ok, then we had, Apple roll, fairly bland and boring and another roll wich I don't remember the name  at this point, just as bad as the previous rolls, I will give two stars for table maintenance during our dinner, Refill was done in timely manner as for the food, definitely didn't live up to the hype!! I will stick with my favorite local sushi place in town, (I LOVE SUSHI) in Henderson, food quality and creativity far superior.
4	Great sushi, Mel's Roll is very good, service has always been good. It can be busy during lunch, a lot of work lunches taking place but quick service and tastes very fresh
4	This is one of my favorite places to go in town. Reasons being -(I am a roll type of girl, not sashimi. -They have awesome customer service. Each time we come here, we are greeted promptly with smiles and they seat us quickly. The guys at the bar are always super attentive and make sure you're getting everything you want. The place is very clean and nice looking. And the bathrooms are kept well, which is always a plus. -The prices are comparable to everywhere else. -They have some of the best rolls I've had in town. They have a good mix of rolls, but there is something about the sauces they use. We've had similar rolls at other places in town, and they just don't seem to compare. The best thing about this place is the "Grand Canyon" roll. Which is easily my favorite. It's a Cali roll topped with large pieces of shrimp, scallops, onions, mushrooms, chives and a delicious creamy sauce. Honestly, I could eat the topping without the roll itself.   I also recommend - 90% rollLinda Special Baked Mussels
5	When I sat down at the sushi bar I was immediately greeted by the sushi chef.  He handed me cucumber salad and edamame.  I guess it comes with the meal.The first thing I ordered was the screaming orgasm.   It was perfectly seared tuna over a bed of rice noodles.  The presentation was very appetizing and beautiful.  The second roll I ordered was the Something Sexy #1.  One of the best rolls I've ever had!  The dipping sauce for this roll was excellent.  The tuna was a vibrant red color and tasted fresh.  I would definitely rate this place a five star due to the wonderful quick service and the excellent food.  A very unique selection of sushi rolls.  The only thing I could find wrong with this place was when one of the waitresses sneezed in her hands behind the sushi bar and continued to serve food without washing her hands.
5	I make a point to come here every time I go to Vegas. From the complimentary cucumber salad and edamame to the delicious sushi rolls (get the 90% roll!) this place never disappoints me.
5	I'm obsessed with this place, as you can probably tell by the number of checkins I have at Sushi Fever. I used to eat here almost every day when I would work out at City Athletic Club across the street. The waitresses/waiters are really nice. A lot of them have what I order memorized which makes things easy since I can be a bit high maintenance when it comes to ordering my sushi. My favorite item to order here, hands down is the Apple Roll. It consists of salmon, tuna and yellowtail with avocado wrapped in green apple with a dot of Sriracha on each piece. I like it because there's no rice so it is the perfect low carb option for me. They serve the Apple Roll with spicy ponzu sauce with cut up scallions in it. The sauce goes perfectly with the tart taste of the green apple. So delish and refreshing in the summer time! I crave these often and am pretty much hooked on this place as a result. Be forewarned it takes a bit longer for them to make this because of them having to cut the apple, but it is well worth the wait. I'd suggest to order a few other items so that you have something to tide you over in the meantime.The Garlic Tuna and Ultimate Shrimp roll are also really good and both are worthy of a mention.
5	The best sushi ever! We had the J Roll, TNT, Kiss of Fire, Stingman and the Ex Wife. Absolutely delicious! Very fresh and the service was great too. Very quick!
5	They have some of the best and most unique rolls I have ever had.  Japanese Lasagne Roll, Dale Earnhardt Roll, and many other incredible combinations.  The price is affordable and every roll I tried was different and delicious.
5	I'm from California and consider myself a sushi snob but this place was the best!!!!The nigiri salmon was melt in your mouth good.The screaming O sashimi is served on a bed of shredded daikon and was A-MAZ-ING! spicy garlic tuna sashimi was also really good. If you want something different, try the apple roll.
5	The freshest and best fish on the west side. Specialty rolls are amazing. If you don't see what you like, let them know and they will create something on the fly. And keep an eye out for the sushi baby!
5	A friend brought me here and I can say they have the best sushi in town. Tried "love me tender" roll and mmmm it melts in your mouth. I just love, love, love it!!!! Need to try all what they offer.
2	Great food, but slow service. When they get busy, they tend to pay less attention to each table. One time me and my coworkers waited over 50 mins for our food. We ended up walking out and missing our whole lunch. Too bad
5	For my first time in Vegas, I can't stress how lucky I was to have family in the area to show me the non-touristy spots where food is regularly priced!Their specialty rolls are quite unique - one of which was served in a shallow spicy broth with serious flavor... Delicious! Aside from a nice menu & generous portions, the staff is very knowledgeable with suggestions, requests, etc.Definitely a place I have to visit every time I'm in Vegas.
1	The service was good but not too fond of the food and the price.....$$$$$ Sake was pretty bomb though. I'm from Hawaii and know what's good sushi and there are a lot of good spots in Vegas with good quality fish. I just couldn't get over the price of this place.
5	We lived here for years....Now we only get to eat here when we visit Vegas.  Gail Special Roll and screaming Oooo all day lomg
5	Best sushi I ate in years.They have NO match!Love the service, the simple design, the vibe was real cool.Saki saki saki
4	Took my family to dinner here early this evening. The rolls were all very authentic  and tasty. Very fresh fish and tasty saki. The service was average, and the waitresses didn't speak the best English. I got the tapper chicken and steak combo for my main course. I give it about an 8 out of 10. The atmosphere in this restaurant is average at best, but if your  looking for good food only in a casual environment this is your place.
1	I went in expecting an experience more like other sushi restaurants.  The atmosphere was definitely more casual, which isn't really a bad thing.  I was sat next to the bathrooms and the entrance to the kitchen.  It was all good and I was about to suggest to my wife that we come back again, when I saw a bug the size of a quarter climbing up the wall behind her.  I couldn't tell what kind of bug it was, but I have lived in vegas 28 years and I have never seen that kind of bug before LOL.  If that bug never showed up I would have given a 4 for sure, but on the other side of the wall where this bug was climbing was the kitchen.  That makes me wonder about the food.
4	Sushi is excellent, service spotty at times.  Staff is friendly and accommodating to allergy request.  Recommenced!
4	Sushi Fever simply has the best sushi rolls around!  Joe's Special and Carrot Top are among my favorites. When I bring guests that won't eat sushi, the steak hibachi and chicken katsu are also outstanding!  Every time I try a different sushi place when I'm away from Vegas, I become disappointed because its never as good as Sushi Fever.  The only reason it gets 4 stars instead of five is that it is often overcrowded during lunch and dinner.  There is never much of a wait to get a seat, but you may wait a while to get your food if you come during peak times.  This is my favorite place for lunch several times each month!
4	Good sashimi and plenty of rolls with spice.  I've a big fan of rolls with heat and Sushi Fever has a solid selection that feature some sort of tuna/salmon combo.Sat in the room to the left after you enter which featured a massive HD TV.  Comes in handy if you are like me and enjoy a distraction besides porcelain cats and other Japanese decor.
4	I've been here several times, always seated at the sushi bar, and have had a great dinner every time. It can be loud and hectic with a lot of random things on the televisions, but that's part of the charm. The sushi chefs are great and will give you recommendations if you ask. Love that they always start you off with complimentary cucumber salad and edamame. Some of my faves are The Linda Special, Screaming O, Yellowtail Sushimi, TOP and Tunaholic.
4	Fresh sushi with a great assortment of rolls.  Service is on top of it.  They have large TV's for watching games. Only neg. place could work on cleanliness.
4	Love this place. Sushi chefs are very friendly and sushi is delicious. Love the Screaming O, something wrong #7,jay roll... Can't go wrong. Nico makes the best spicy tuna salad. Mmmmm.
5	I have been coming here for years and always share this spot with my closest friend. I usually have the James Bond and the Japanese Lasagna as they are a couple of my favorites. I also have had the rolley rice and ask for extra ponzi sauce...yum yum! The screaming orgasm is wonderful as well as the Something Wrong#7. They don't have an all you can eat here which would just put them over the top on my opinion but may put them out of business. They seem to do quite well and are always very busy during lunch. This will continue to be a spot I come to.
5	Sushi Fever and I Love Sushi in Henderson are the two best (generally affordable) sushi places in Las Vegas. Reviews that rate other places higher than either of these two are either flukes or misguided and should be ignored. I go to I Love Sushi at least once a week. Simply outstanding.Nobu at the Hard Rock is fantastic but too pricey for some.
4	Came here on a double date with Soralala and Brian.. This is their fav sushi spot.. I had actually never heard of Sushi Fever prior to them mentioning it. As soon as you walk in there is a sign that says "No AYCE sushi" lol I guess they get asked that question a lot? The place was a lot busier than I thought it would be so that was a good sign! We ordered some rolls, a bento box and some hot sake.. The rolls range from $8-$17 so be careful, they add up!-Apple Roll: fresh fish wrapped in Apple and served with spicy ponzu sauce... Wow I had never seen that done anywhere else so I thought that was pretty cool! It's tart green apple so the flavors went well with each other and it's rice less... Loved it!-Salmon lover: salmon wrapped in cucumber also rice less! YUM-Screaming O: tuna with lots of spicy mayo, ponzu and daikon.. If you love super saucy things then get this.. Another rice less dish-Carrot Top: shrimp tempura roll, with sauce and lots of fried shredded yams on top.. Presentation was nice and it tasted good too!-Spider roll: wrapped in soy paper.. Crisp soft shell crap-Bento Box: with teriyaki chicken and salmon = $18.95... No no no! It came with saddest looking "salad," the smallest pieces of chicken and salmon, store bought egg roll & potstickers, watery miso soup and a big bowl of rice.. This was a complete waste of money!Service was friendly and fast.. Everyone was Korean so I'm assuming it's Korean owned? The bill came out to be what we would have paid at AYCE,.. I'm more of a nigiri person but I will say the rolls here are pretty good!HOT TIP; they give you complimentary oranges for dessert!
4	This place has great sushi and great rolls.  Daily specials of fresh delivered delicious fishes.  The selection and variety of rolls are huge, service is fast and friendly and the the atmosphere at the sushi bar rocks.  Place gets crowded and loud so it's no place for a business meeting but if you like sushi and Japanese food you can't find a better place.  No all you can eat deal but prices are reasonable.  They will shuffle you in hungry and shuffle you out full.
4	Sushi Fever is excellent. The fish is extremely tender and the sushi roll options are very creative. We love the apple roll!
5	I love love love coming to this place. They have a fun busy sushi bar. Even though they are always busy the service is always prompt and attentive and the sushi is stellar. Try the crunch roll, so tasty.
4	I got the apple roll since I had seen so many posts here about it and it was by fat one of the best rolls I've ever had.So simple, but delicious and light. I was really happy that they served a complimentary cucumber salad and edamame also. Service wasn't amazing, but not bad either.
5	This is my Favorite sushi spot in Vegas, I have been coming here since 2009! The service is quick and the food delicious and very fresh! This is not one of those AYCE sushi joints and that's ok! The rolls are delicious and you can always ask them to create a different kind of roll for you, maybe they will name it after you! My favorites are the Bonzai roll- a tempura shrimp roll wrapped in rice paper, with various veggies and eel sauce and the Ultimate Shrimp a tempura shrimp roll topped with avid acid and spicy tuna and spicy mayo and eel sauce!
5	One of my favorite sushi restaurants.  Always fresh fish with great culinary skills.  Staff is friendly and attentive.
4	I've gone twice in one week, that does say something. Everyone was super nice & welcoming each time. The food was great, my only wish would be for the rice to be stickier. I do suggest you stick to the main menu when it comes to ordering rolls. Their specialty menu, although is good, we had a way better experience sticking to their main menu. The specialty menu has some good stuff, just a tad complicated. Again, service was great, food was good & definitely a spot for us.
5	My fave. It's the first place I ever in my life tried sushi hmmmmm about 2005 when I was still in college a classmate took me and it's still delish!! I finally was on that side of town and I had to go again to make sure lol even my doctor goes here. You can just taste the freshness. And by the way they have a roll named "Monica" of course I had to get it and of course it's AMAZE-BALLS!! Check this place out if you haven't yet.
5	My boyfriend and I heard about this place from a friend and had to try it. The edamame is cold which is different for me. We always get Sapporo and sake to drink. Sake bombs are always fun. The sushi chef was funny and knowledgeable. He had great recommendations. I love chicken Katsu. We had two specialty rolls that were really great. We will definitely be back!
5	Four words: Just for the Halibut!I tried that dish and fell in love. This sushi place is so delicious. You get what you pay for and that is quality food. They do not have all you can eat, but it is still good. I will definitely be coming back.
5	Been a few times. Amazing sushi. ;) Sushi Bar and restaurant. From Denver. Wish they had specials. Came for lunch. At least sake or drinks.
5	I have sushi almost every day, and this place is a paradise! Fresh sushi and sashimi! Authentic Japanese food, including yakisoba, sushi boats, amazing shrimp tempura and good deserts!Order #Number 1 Sushi.They speak good English, yet most of them are Korean. They are funny and happy!Best sushi place I'm Vegas!
4	Great sushi place! I have been here several times and it is always excellent.Fantastic service, great for a larger group.
4	Sat at the sushi bar and was pleasantly greeted by the chefs. Had a couple of their famous rolls and some yellow tail sashimi. Quality was great and service was super fast even for lunch time. They were fairly busy and yet still took great care of me.  The chefs made small talk while they made my rolls so time went by quickly. Definitely my new lunch time sushi place!
5	Best Sushi in Vegas! The staff is great, the food is the best ever and the place is clean. I love the layout and the kind relaxed atmosphere. Best place for a quick lunch meeting. While I was enjoying the marvelous food our server surprised us with a free plate of grilled Mackerel. It was perfectly cooked and tasted great. They really know how to take care of the customers.
5	Great service.. Our waitress was really funny. Food is amazing and you have so many different types of sashimi, nigiri, rolls and hand rolls to choose from. I'll definitely be back.
5	The best sushi ever been going there for years I love it all great spicy garlic ponzu sauce is amazing
5	Have been coming here for over 5 years and have never had a bad experience. I love the little extras thst they offer like warm towels at the begining to clean your hands and  oranges at the end of the meal. Can get a tad more exoensive, deoen
5	One of our favorite sushi restaurants! Great food and super friendly service. Service: My boys (12 and 5) both love coming to Sushi Fever because they feel like VIPs. The waitresses remember what they get and always ask if the want their usual. One of the best sushi restaurants to go with kids.Food: don't even know where to start. Love it! Some of our favorites are screaming O, Lamborghini roll, and don't tell mama!Will recommend to anyone!
5	My favorite sushi place in town (and I've eaten at a lot of sushi places). There is no AYCE and the rolls are a bit pricier, but it's well worth it. Top 2 must have rolls: 90% Roll and the Gail Special. These are the best two specialty rolls! Gail Special is great for ponzu lovers.The restaurant is pretty steady most of the time so that's a good sign to me that their fish/product is moving on a regular basis. Service is also pretty good.I'll be coming to this sushi place as long as I live in this town.
5	This has already been said a million times, they do not have all you can eat sushi. That fact does not bother me because the quality is amazing. I love their unique and tasty rolls. One of my favorite sushi restaurants in Las Vegas.
5	By far my most favorite sushi place in town. Geez, where do I start?From having so many selections to choose from, one can come in here every day to try everything out. Most of the rolls are unique, too. I haven't been anywhere else in the world that serves most of their roll.I love their "special" sauce. You can serve me a seaweed with special sauce and I'd still eat it. I love their hot towels they serve you before you eat. And oh, that complimentary orange slice as a dessert. LOL My favorite here is the Something Sexy #2. And the Screaming Orgasm! LOL
5	My favorite sushi restaurant in town! The staff are always very friendly. I always get the Kiss of Fire or the Linda Special. I've eaten several different sushi places but since I've tried sushi fever I've stuck with it. Their fried green tea ice cream and fried cheesecake are to die for.
5	The best in the states...better than any east coast place better than any Vegas place.  It's my favorite!  I was in the hospital for 84 days and that was the first meal I wanted!  I get the tuna sashimi with panzo sauce, the Dale Earnhardt roll, gales special roll, something's wrong #7 and usually ask for s few surprise rolls...AMAZING!
3	Really 3.5 stars; in a city that prides itself on AYCE deals, it's bold to take a stance of not offering that menu. The price per roll here is generally $12-18 (which adds up fast for Las Vegans' typically large appetites) and though the style seems to be fairly Americanized they are not completely drenched in sauces.APPLE ROLL: possibly the celebrity roll here, arguably the most popular. Riceless roll wrapped in apple, only a slight tartness keeps the apple taste from overwhelming the fish flavors.  Dipping sauce added another dimension but roll is just as enjoyable without it.GAIL SPECIAL: lots of ingredients, tasty. Another dipping sauce, which I found odd. Almost too much going on with the extra sauce, found it better without but that may be a personal preference. Either many/all of the rolls here come with a dipping sauce (peculiar), or I just happened to get two that did. Found them largely unnecessary as they covered up the freshness of the fish, which to me is the highlight of well done sushi.Service was kind of hit or miss, and location was almost oddly casual with silent diners watching TV rather than conversing with their dining companions. Personally I'd prefer to get takeout instead of dining-in, atmosphere was awkward.
4	Liberal with the sauce, excellent fish. Service is not bad. The garlic tuna is by far the best. The Who's Your Daddy roll is so unique and delicious. Try the Ex Wife too!
5	My favorite sushi place in Vegas. Love the Sexy #2, Monica roll, Tempura roll, Grand Canyon and Popcorn Shrimp. Always good service and great food.
5	Food is amazing!! My wife and I had our first date here and the food is still just as amazing as it was then! Screaming O without Tuna is one of our go to's along with their Shoyu Ramen!! All of their sushi rolls are amazing including their Japanese Lasagna, Kiss of Fire and Ultimate Shrimp Roll!! Must go local sushi!!!
4	I have been going to sushi fever for 10 years.  They have the best sushi in town. Always fresh. My favorite is the "Jay Roll".  Best Ponzu sauce i have had. This place is always packed with locals for a good reason. It's not the cheapest sushi, no all u can eat, but when it comes to sushi i think that is a good thing, and shows in the quality of the fish. The ambiance is okay, but not to extravagant like places on the strip.  Staff is always friendly and give great service when sitting at the sushi bar (where i sit).  Check it out!
3	They don't do AYCE :( but prices are reasonable otherwise..since we pretty much ONLY do all you can eat, we won't be back. Picked up a few rolls to go and quality was okay, not the best.
4	Great Sushi all around.
5	Sushi Fever is one of my very favorite sushi bars!Best sushi in Las Vegas.The staff is friendly and the decor is entertaining.
3	The food is good but I did not like the service.It was disorganized. If it was busy..I'd understand but it wasn't.
