4	Before owning a dog that needed grooming, I just assumed you washed your dog in the tub and went on your way- dogs don't need that frou-frou stuff. Little did I know, but dogs need cuts, nail clippings, and sometimes some gnarly cleaning in the no-no parts. There are certain things I just don't want to do.I have been bringing my dogs to the Pet Stop for several years, and they have always treated us well. They take very good care of my dogs, who are always happy when I pick them up. The Pet Stop has full service from cuts, washes, nail clipping, and lots more, and they are very accommodating on specific types of cuts. Plus, they always give my dogs a cute bandanna around their neck that matches the season. I want someone to take care of my dogs like I do, and I get that with the ladies at The Pet Stop- and they're pretty reasonable on price and timing.
5	I am the proud owner of what may very well be the worst cat ever.  She excels at two things, 1) being up in my face/lap, and 2) shedding.  It got to the point that sitting next to her was like being inside a snow globe...full of cat hair.  WHITE CAT HAIR.  The kind that gets everywhere and is hidden against nothing.How my cat can shed so much and still be covered in long white fur, I do not know.She sheds so much that if my Dyson vacuum used a pillow, it would weep tears into it every night bc nothing can keep up with that much fur.  My life was going places--going places covered in cat hair.  Then, I found the Pet Stop, and all that changed.  Now I look better (I actually do, I'm only mostly covered in cat hair now), I feel better (also true.  Ever get cat hair under a contact lens?) and my friends say I'm much more fun to hang out with (also true, since I am no longer late to everything on account of my having to lint roll everything)The Pet Stop is in Castle Shannon on Rte 88.  I called and asked if they would be able to groom the worst cat ever who is really sweet but a pain in the ass.  Without missing a beat, the woman laughed and said yes, they could handle my cat.  Did I mention my sweet ball of fur turns into a sabre tooth tiger at the sight of a cat brush?  Yeah, thats the third thing she excels at.I brought her in, and the groomer was very very very nice with her and took time to ask me what I wanted done with her.  Me:  "I dont know, shave her ass!  Just fix the fur, I do not care!"  Instead, she laughed and told me she was going to bathe my cat and brush her out.   I wanted to ask her what her drink of choice was bc I was pretty sure the groomer was going to need a drink--and possibly a blood transfusion--after bathing my cat.I wished her luck and went home to lint roll my clothes and do some vacuuming.They called me a few hours later and told me that 1) my cat was clean and ready, and 2) she was well behaved.  I immediately asked if they had to tranquilize the cat and they said "No, we never do that...."  So then I was pretty sure they weren't talking about my cat.I swear my cat was 3 shades whiter and 25% thinner when they returned her.  She looked fantastic!  She also looked miserable as hell but this was to be expected bc she'd just loved her nightmare and also who cares--she looked FANTASTIC.Here is the best part:  The last time I had my cat groomed, it was $75 plus I had to pay a "Cat Behavior Fee."  She was so bad I had to pay extra.IT WAS $35!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!You can't go around kissing people you don't know, but I wanted to kiss the groomer, I was so excited!I cannot more highly recommend this place!  They do GREAT WORK, are friendly, and affordable!  Suck it Pet Smart, you're never going to have to groom my beast again now that I've got the Pet Stop. I posted a picture of my fat white cat so you can see what they were dealing with
5	My dog is what we here in Pittsburgh like to call a Heinz 57 variety dog. In other words, he's a mutt. A mutt with a lot of fur. So much fur that sometimes I get stopped by random people condemning me for feeding my dog so much food, because he looks obese. True story. I used to take him to PetCo. It would take the entire morning, or afternoon, and they would charge a lot of money. Like, close to a hundred bucks. Which I'd rather spend on a massage. It's forty-five bucks to get your dog washed and groomed at The Pet Stop. You'd better tip more than 20%, though, because these kind ladies deserve it. Not only did they fawn over my furry little mutt, but they didn't even mind that I was a little late, due to getting lost in rush hour traffic. Best of all, my dog usually gets freaked out by all the commotion of the groomers at PetCo. Not the case anymore! He waltzed in, unfazed. Came out looking great, smelling great, and most of all, happy. An excellent experience, all around.
