5	Excellent food and service.  For an appetizer, the falafel dish was tasty and I followed that up with the chicken kabob entree.  A friend of mine was also very pleased with the veggie combo 1 dinner.The wait staff was very courteous and I'm guessing it was the owner that came over and asked us how the dinner was going.
5	after too long of a hiatus, i convinced coworkers that it was well worth the drive (and extra lunch-time). a few wary members of the group accepted the challenge of trying something new.as expected, everything was most delicious. two veggie combos (one of each I and II), grape leaves, an armenian salad, and lamb kabobs were enjoyed to the point where most plates were completely emptied.my hummus and tabouli were scrumptious, the falafel was not as garbanzo-ey as i'm used to, but still very good. the baba ganoush was a little more tart than i'm used to, but the yummy bread offset that enough.the atmosphere and service were quite nice. there were a few tables with 2-6 people at them, and one server; yet it didn't feel like we had to wait very long for anything.i'll return sooner than later!
5	My husband and I took our one-year-old son and my parents to Shish Cafe a few weeks ago. We had wanted to try it when we visited Madison in November, but it was closed; I'm so glad we went back! The food was incredible -- the hummus was smooth and creamy, and much enjoyed by everyone, even the baby. The spicy veggie stew with spinach cured my cold! We ordered a variety of appetizers, meat and vegetarian dishes, and everything was excellent. I love stuffed grape leaves -- theirs are served warm. My mother was skeptical about us moving to Madison, but I think the Shish Cafe went a long way towards changing her mind.The baby made a mess, but no one seemed to mind; the waitress even brought him a spoon to play with while we waited for our meal. We brought food for him, but he ate hummus and lentils instead. There may not be a "kids menu," but I would guess that a lot of children would enjoy what they have to offer. The restaurant certainly welcomed him. We loved it and will definitely return!
5	Just went here tonight for my birthday, based on the other Yelp-ers reviews...and wasn't disappointed.It's a small, clean, cozy restaurant. I was afraid we'd have to wait a while-being a Friday and not having reservations-but when we got there there weren't many tables being used. Shortly after we got there, it got pretty busy, so we lucked out.All four of us were pleased with our meals. I had the kabob special(lamb, chicken and kafta), others had the kafta, seafood special of the evening, and the steak kabobs(he's not too adventurous--but he tried my lamb and LIKED it!)The meat was nicely seasoned...but not overly so. The hummus was good(but not my favorite) and the basmati rice was delicious. The boring boy who had the steak said that the potatoes with his meal were fab. I would definitely go again(besides, there were so many things on the menu that I want to try--I have to!)
5	The Shish Cafe is excellent!  Being a typical small town Wisconsin girl, I'm pretty wary of "new things".  I don't think I've been to a Mediterranean restaurant in my life.  I was totally unprepared for the deliciousness of shawarma, and the hummus, and the iggie!!  Honestly, I can't wait to go back.Also, I assume it's the dude that runs the place that is especially friendly and showed me the shaker with the yummy spice on the table and he said it was "his spice".  okay!  it's good!My only complaint is that really, the entrees are all priced like $4 too much to warrant going here as much as I'd like.
5	Phenomenal!I don't mean just the restaurant.....even the fact that this is the 8th review in a row that has rated this place at 5 stars....and well worth it, I must say.The place is a nice cozy homey little joint tucked away on University.To start with, they bring out this yummy bread that you eat with olive oil mixed with the 'house spice'...which is delicioussssssss.The food was amazing...I think had the lamb kebab, which was succulent. The hummus was great, so was the rice. Portions were good.The wife had the minced meat kebab....which was TO DIE FOR. Seriously. The best kebabs I have ever had. EVER. It came with a tahini sauce, which was delishhhh.All in all, I'd go there more often...if it were just a little cheaper.Service was a little slow...but it was Friday night..and the food made up for it.
4	The food comes in good portion for the price--my main reason for giving it 4 star. The taste is above average, but not impressive enough; it's an ethnic restaurant good enough for a town of Madison's size and geographical location. It's definitely worth going back to, though. I suppose lunch will be a better deal.  The staff was very attentive and friendly.We went there for dinner. They served naan (more crispy and dried than at the Indian restaurants. kinda like crackers almost) with high-grade olive oil + home-made spice mix. The spice mix was really good. I suppose the naan would have tasted better if it was softer to soak up some olive oil. We ordered lamb borek and seafood pasta/noodle. The borek was really good, one of the best lamb dish I've had in Madison. The flavors were well-balanced and ingredients were fresh. I'm glad they didn't over season the food so that you can find use for the yogurt sauce that comes with it (yogurt sauces have a mild flavor). The pastry was baked well--mostly uniform thickness throughout. The seafood pasta was kinda like shrimp scampi, and the flavor was average--it's a fail-proof dish and easy on the palate. The Syrian tea was a bit diluted. The Baklava was above average (not great) cuz' I could taste the honey being substituted with sugar. Good thing they didn't over-sweetened it.Overall, good dining experience though.
5	I just had to update my review to say that I went to dinner at the Shish recently and it was packed!  The service was very slow, but it was no big deal.  I just wanted to commend the staff on being very gracious about the situation, as there was a table with 2 assholes next to me complaining about not being served right away and lying to their waitress about how long they had waited.  Apparently, one of the servers wasn't there, and on top of that, it was very busy.Anyway, the food there is still totally excellent.  My favorites are the iggie, the spinach tuna, the salmon, and the chicken shawarma.
5	Our absolute favorite place in Madison. The food is suberb and the staff very accommodating and kind.  LOVE IT!
5	Shish Cafe is one of my "happy" places. I know that I will always eat too many pieces of nice warm pita, stuff myself with deliciousness and still come home with leftovers for the next day. On really bad days, I call ahead and watch TV while doing all of the above. Consistently great food, nice waitstaff, re-heats well the next day. Who could ask for more?
4	This place is rather eclectic for the area it's in (Far West Madison; Middleton?) and really seems out of place. But, that aside their food is quite excellent and the the wait staff are friendly! It's mostly hybrid Mediterranean (Tunisian?) dishes and there are several vegetarian options! Bonus on that. Overall, I'd go back and didn't give it a 5 because the prices are a bit outrageous. C'mon, fellas! We're not in the Upper East Side...
5	I can't believe its taken me this long to review this place.  I'm going to keep this brief:Don't let the strip mall scare you, they serve THE finest middle eastern food in Madison at prices that make it a true value.  Mediterranean Cafe ranks as one of the best in Madison but Shish's menu is more extensive and more 'high end' (ie salmon, meats, etc).  The service is family-oriented and the space inside that ugly strip mall will pleasantly surprise you.   Music is authentic as well.
5	This place was the highlight of my trip to Madison.  Thank you Yelp, for helping us find a really incredible place to eat.  We got here about 10 minutes before they were about to close, and it kind of felt like they didn't want to take any new customers.  I would have been more understanding if I had actually known they were about to close - we thought they were going to be open for several more hours.  We were eyeballed for a few minutes with no one coming to talk to us, but then were seated after a few minutes of waiting.Immediately the four of us went after the Shish sampler for 4, though we were worried that there might not be enough food.  Fear not, fellow Yelpers.  If you come in a group of 4, I highly recommend it.  There was so much food, and the waitress (I believe who was the owner's wife) helped us out by spacing out the food into all the appetizers and the entrees.  I will say, that they could improve the bread.  I wish it was a bit more doughy, and softer as well - it's kind of hard to eat when it all just crackles when you take a bite.  But, it's the only thing I'd change.  The spices on each dish were great though I've forgotten much of what I've eaten.  I did enjoy the hummus and falafel in particular on the appetizers side.The entrees were lamb chops and chicken and steak kabobs.  My God, I've never had lamb like that before.  It was incredible.  And, as a point of pride for our table, we polished off every bit of food.  I think the owner may have heard us talking about the show Man vs. Food, where the guy on the show does all these food challenges, but he came out at the end of the meal, thanked us for coming and said he was proud of us eating everything.  He gave us a $10 gift certificate to use on a future date, and joked (I think) that he'd give us $20 if we finished everything a second time.Truly a great place, I would love to go back.  They ended up locking the doors after us, about an hour after they officially closed - we were never rushed once.  Serious hospitality.  I was thinking about the star system and was about to go 4, but honestly, for Madison, it had to be a 5 star place.  I had been to too many mediocre to decent places in Madison, but this joint redeemed the town.
5	I love Middle Eastern food and I live on the west side, so I'm disappointed I avoided this place for so long. I even passed by it several days a week for a while. The lousy outward appearance did keep me from dropping by on a whim, but luckily once I found the reviews on Yelp I knew I had to go. (Side note: they have a 'People on Yelp love us' sticker on their window and a posted letter from Yelp congratulating them on the 5 star reviews, so if you get close enough you'll figure out they do rock). Sadly, the location on University Ave annoys the crap out of me! I just want there to be a direct route through all of that residential area between University and Mineral but the only way is to get down to Whitney. Pretty weak, I know, since it only adds 5 minutes on a bad day.Anyway, let's get to the food! First went to lunch and got the Shish Kafta (ground lamb skewer) with hummus (stir in the spices they sprinkle on top) and tabbouleh. Delicious, delicious tabbouleh.  Always remember with Indian and Middle Eastern: apart it's good, together it's fantastic so MIX! (eat them together, don't stir it up with your spoon, nub). Most meals come with some pita for the table which is actually a bit bland until you add some of the tasty seasoning mix you'll find on the table. Also got some Arabic coffee. The cardamom was a welcome taste to the coffee, just know that Arabic coffee has the grounds in the bottom of the pot, so when you get to the end of your cup, don't take a big swig. It's so rich anyway, you probably wouldn't do that. I don't really call myself a coffee drinker, but I enjoyed it. Too stuffed to try the baklava.Then I went back to dinner with my sister, her bf, and his sister. YOWZA! Dinner dishes are always more expensive, but the broad selection of entrees and appetizers is fantastic. There are even a number of seafood options which we did not partake in. From the top:  Arabic coffee: Not for everyone (I still like it!). Jibne is absolutely delicious fried cheese and it will squeak like a good cheese curd. Not that you'll want to go back to cheese curds after this, frankly. The Shish Sampler for two...can definitely feed three. And you won't need any rice in any other dishes if you're sharing.The mouhamara is too strong of a pepper flavor for me to eat in large amounts (pureed red pepper) but was appreciated greatly by others at the table. The Mediterranean noodles plate was surprising (Middle Eastern doesn't make me think noodles) but very tasty (and vegetarian) as a complement to the rest of the dishes (we were sharing) but would be too much of the same flavor/texture if I were ordering for just myself. Still too stuffed to try the baklava.Bottom line: I don't think you can go wrong here. Pick something off the menu that looks good and you'll have a great meal. And if it isn't everything you were hoping for right away, it probably will be once you apply hummus and yogurt sauce. If you don't k now where to get started:Try the Arabic coffee if you like rich coffee, get the Jibne appetizer if you like cheese (if doing dinner), then go for the Shish Kafta with hummus and with each bite combine 2 or more of the components on the plate (lamb kafta or veggies, yogurt sauce, tabbouleh, hummus).
3	My family got together here last weekend for a celebration of my son's graduation from law school and my wife's birthday.  It meant a lot to our family to have dinner together with 6 of us arriving from Madison, Baltimore, Chicago, and Colorado. We made a reservation for 4 three weeks ahead of time, but then we did apparently confuse the staff by adding two more people several days before the meal. That caused a hostile reception from the hostess, who seemed to feel we were somehow gaming her reservation system and we further aggravated her by arriving 17 minutes late (from 4 different cities), when she had warned us over the phone she would give away our table after 15 minutes. However, the host more than made up for it and he was truly wonderful to us. Now about the food and drink: hummus was great and the crunchy pita crackers were fine when we could get more of them. Wine choices were limited, but we liked the Romanian cabernet, offered at a reasonable $22/bottle. We had the Shish Feast for 6. The lamb chops were way overdone. Rice was good. Overall a somewhat distressing experience for me (the dad) because of our reservation issues, but the food was decent and the host went way out of his way to make the evening special, thus the 3 star rating despite my concerns noted above. In fairness, it was a Saturday night on a very busy graduation weekend in the city. Prices were more than fair, service was just ok. Host was wonderful and charming. What a night!!
5	Since I used to work here, felt I had to comment. I love this place! One of the reasons I wanted to work there while a student in Madison! One of the cleanest kitchens you will find anywhere. Amazing cooks, who really know how to make everything so well.... Used to have a brunch that was wonderful, I wonder if they still do? Food is phenomenal. I am craving it as I type.  Delicious! Please deliver to nyc? :) Hi to everyone who works there now, and the bossman! (forgot your name, it's been so long!) Shish on! :)Beth
5	WOW! This place is excellent!Had dinner at the Shish Cafe for the first time last night. I had never been there before but had read all the great reviews on yelp so I thought we should try it. All of the food we ordered was excellent. The chicken was amazing so was the rice, and all of the dips (especially the tahini), the grape leaves were great. For dessert we had the rice pudding and it was phenomenal! Our waitress was very friendly and we received good service. I will go back to eat here for sure!
4	Delicious place for lunch. Pleasant inside, a little ratty-looking outside... but, oh the food! First-rate middle eastern, well prepared and served nice and hot. Hummus, as others commented is excellent -- mild and well-balanced. Had the chicken kabob plate and the fowl was everything others have said: juicy, perfectly cooked, and spices were just right. Wife had chicken kabob sandwich which came wrapped in a massive fresh-baked pita. A little too much bread for her so she picked the chicken and tabouli out -- should have ordered the kabob plate.Service prompt, cheerful without being patronizing. Two of us for lunch with Cokes (free refills... and also free refills on the fresh flatbread basket) about $23, and worth every penny. We'll definitly go back. Thanks, Yelp!
5	We love to enjoy the "feast for two" and try an array of freshly prepared, delicious dishes. The lamb is marvelous as is the fresh pita.
3	Pretty good - pricier than we were expecting!
5	The best Mediterranean food we've had in Madison and some of the best I've ever had in the Midwest (Chicago included). Hummus is delicious.  Kefta kebab is very tasty and perfectly cooked. Yogurt sauce is perfect. Pita bread is served soft and warm. Overall an excellent place.
5	By far the best middle eastern food in Madison, maybe even in Wisconsin.  The food here is consistently fresh and flavorful.  It's the only place in town where I can find good grape leaves, their pita is served warm and the prices are affordable enough to make it a regular stop.  Beyond the basics, I highly recommend the Eggplant Munazala and the Mujadara....vegetarian heaven!  As a first timer, I would hit up their sampler platters - they cannot be beat.The service is also excellent. The owner recognizes regulars and goes out of his way to make your patronage feel appreciated, but is never an overbearing presence at your table.It can get pretty crowded on weekends, so go early and go often!Overall, I highly recommend this restaurant.
5	By far the best middle eastern food in Madison. Nothing on the menu that I would not recommend. If your are new to middle easter food go for the muhammara, jibne (baked cheese), and the shish kabob and mint tea, or Turkish coffee.
5	I had always enjoyed hummus but never enough to really seek out a better grade than the standard grocery store variety.  That is until I tasted the Shish Cafe's hummus.  This is a hummus you will want to eat like ice cream, it is that good.  In fact, Vegetarian Platter #2 makes it onto my Top 5 last meal list...and I'm a carnivore.  Atmosphere is non-descript strip mall, prices are moderately high, but the food is consistently spectacular.
5	Holy crap, I thought hummus was hummus, but at this place it is transcendent.  Everything we had was all amazing, from the Dolma (stuffed grape leaves) to the eggplant and the Damascus Spinach.  Even my mothers lamb kabobs smelled great, despite the fact that I don't eat meat.The atmosphere is very nice, with loads of brass plates and lamps and random Turkish items strewn about the place--very homey.  All the staff was really friendly and helped people less informed about the cuisine pick out something they would like.  Who would think that rice could be as buttery (without butter) and delicious as they make it here?  Highly recommended.
1	The food was really good. The dishes were kind of dirty. And our service just sucked.Why would you give two people three small pieces of bread to eat a bowl full of hummus? I'd only go back if it was for take out.
5	My favorite restaurant in Madison, hands down. It's making me too hungry to write about it in detail except: yum. My favorites: Jibne (but ALWAYS need more bread), tabouli, and the hummus you can eat with a spoon. Their house salad is also fantastic, if simple.
5	Easily the best restaurant in Madison.  The only thing that I would stay away from would be the fattoush.
4	Ive only been here once and I had the set for 2.  There is a variety of sides which were rich in flavor and interesting looking. Will go back!
4	This place is just down the street from my house and it somehow took me a few years to get in and try it, man was I missing out! The food here is all really good. fresh pitas are amazing if you eat in. I love the chicken schwarma and the lamb and hummus. mmm!
5	Being so close to Shish, I thought I would try it out even though its not much to look at from outside. So glad I did. The authentic middle eastern music sets the mood for the cozy atmosphere. We had the Shish Sampler and it was the best Mediterranean cuisine I have ever eaten, and I am Lebanese. The hummus, eggplant and tabouli   were perfectly seasoned and the lamb was moist (hard to find). The portions were large, and could have easily fed another person. Anyone who doesn't rate this place for its amazing spice mixes that complement so seductively, doesn't have a palette for flavor. The flatbread alone is worth the visit. Will be going again and again just to try each of their menu items. If the sampler has created this much happiness on my tongue, I cannot wait to explore the rest of the menu! Favorite restaurant in Madison!
4	The shish cafe has such good food that I can get over the fact that the service here sucks. Seriously. It takes FOREVER to be waited on here. I can't tell you how many times I've been here. And what my husband and I order is SO GOOD that we can't help but order the same thing every time we come. Word to the wise, start with the sampler plate of Tabbouleh, Hummus and Baba Ganouj. The tabbouleh salad is so refreshing, the hummus is smooth and creamy and the baba has just the right amount of kick. Then, order a chicken kebab with rice. This chicken is hands down the best chicken kebab I've ever had. Loaded with seasonings, grilled to perfection with perfect smokiness. The rice is fluffed and tasty with toasted almonds throughout, and the yogurt dip adds a nice tang to the whole combo. I've never done dessert here for a couple of reasons - 1) the service is so slow sometimes, that I'm just anxious to leave and 2) there's no way I'd be able to pack another ounce of food in my gut after having gorged out on the app and entree!I've done takeout a couple of times too, and I feel like I actually get MORE food going this route. But if you think it's super speedy to do the takeout thing, guess again. I've called once for carry out only to be told it'd be an hour minutes before my food would be ready. More normally, it's about 30 minutes. Worth it.
4	Nice sized portion for lunch, not too big but enough for the price.  Great flavors and yummy hummus.  The pita bread was a let down, just a notch above grocery store pita and only then 'cause I didn't have to go to the store and buy it.  Service was fast but not outstanding, probably because the waiter struggled with English.  We'll eat here again when we're in the area but we won't make a special trip.
1	The food was excellent.  If you can overlook the apathetic hostess/waitress, who was totally put out that we failed to make a reservation, even though the entire eating area was empty, and her horrid customer service, by all means - go, check it out.  We each ordered a glass of wine, which was finally delivered to the table 15 minutes after our food arrived at the table.  Nothing like sitting with water and three rounds of pita for 45 minutes.  We asked 3 different people for the wine, including the waitress.  Loved the food, there's nothing like it where we live and we were excited to check this restaurant out after seeing it on yelp.  You're only allotted 3 small  pita rounds at any given time - God forbid you ask for more, they acted like there was a pita famine in Madison.  The waitress never checked on us, never asked if the food was good, never asked if we were done and if we wanted a box.  We finally had to flag someone else down and ask for the check.  When she brought the check, she slammed it down on the table and stormed off.  There appeared to be several regulars here, eating out on date night - she seemed at least mildly interested in them.  We own a business, and I would never for a minute consider treating people that way the staff at this establishment did.  It was appalling.
5	Great Middle Eastern food. Everything on the menu is tasty. Don't let the old strip mall exterior fool you, this place is worth the stop.
4	Food: 5Decor: 3Service: 2Amazing food, but service was disappointing. I came here around 6:30pm for dinner on Monday night.1. Chicken Shawarma, 13 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bJo_-dEqQKdJKQJaa9hK7g?select=p5dWwxJ2w5m3sKThQ6lAAADelicious, definitely one of the best Mediterranean I've had. The chicken was nice and moist, and the plate came with a ridiculous amount of hummus. Paired with hot, fresh bread http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bJo_-dEqQKdJKQJaa9hK7g?userid=2fN8mN7uUjOw-QqtcgYqXQ, and this dish overall was amazing. I almost opted for the chicken kabobs, but the server recommended this instead.Service was extremely slow. I had to request fresh bread from another server, and it took two tries before I got my check. Then it took forever to pick up my check.
4	Pretty good falafel, cooked to the right consistency and loaded with an authentic variety of spices that are hard to forget. Falafel is top-notch, but they are losing on the shawerma front. With shawerma I tend to expect juicy gyro-style strips cut off of a spit, but what I got was my mom's chicken.By no means is that a bad thing. My mom knows her Arab food. Again the spices really set it apart, giving a great kick to what otherwise might have been bland but very fresh chicken.Sandwiches are served in the Levantine laffeh bread, which is much larger and thinner than pita. This allows for much-appreciated larger portion sizes (fuck you Med Cafe).Hummus was decent, nothing too special. Wouldn't order again, but that's mainly because their menu has such an interesting selection of items that I haven't seen at too many Mediterranean restaurants. I would be remiss to stick with such tame options next time.
3	First, food was great.  Unfortunatly that doesn't make up for severely bad service.  We got there at opening, and waited 20 mins for them to finish cleaning .  Took 15 mins to get an order taken and another 30 mins for the food.  If you want a second drink or more bread you have to tackle someone to get it.  To our waitresses credit she had 3/4 of the dining room and was the hostess, and the guy waiter had 4 tables and stood sround in the kitchen a lot.  But again food was great but service will keep us from going back.
3	3 stars vs 4 or even 5 due to awful service.  I've been a few times now and every single time there is horrible service. The food- amazing.  Be prepared to be very very patient.
4	Wonderful choices, and everything was tasty.  Not a place if you are in a hurry, but I honor a restaurant who makes everything fresh.  Enjoyed amazing lamb.
5	My family and I have been going to Shish Cafe for years. The food is always delicious; I don't believe I've ever had anything I disliked there.That said - admittedly, service can be a little spotty at times. However, they will take carry-out orders if you call in, and will quote you fairly accurate times as to when they'll be ready. If I go to eat there, I just figure it'll take a while and order some Turkish coffee.
3	It's the best Mediterranean food I have had in Madison do far but that really isn't saying all that much.  The food was good but nothing special.  Service was overbearing and annoying.  How many times do you need to ask me how the food is?  4 times was a bit much.
2	Even the best food can't make up for poor service. And the food at Shish Cafe wasn't good enough to even come close to making up for it. We waited and waited, then were rushed through ordering, weren't checked on, and had to flag our server down like a taxi during rush hour to get the check.  I had the chicken kabob. The chicken was juicy with good seasoning. The hummus was bland (to me) and my whole dish looked like it had been slopped on the plate. My husband liked his lamb stew, but wasn't anything to write home about. All in all, for the price ($40 for two, no apps, no drinks), I won't eat here again. I'm surprised that this has 4.5 stars, especially in Madison, where decent restaurants are pretty easy to come by. Disappointed about it, was hoping this would be the place to come for great Mediterranean food.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Madison. I've been going here for years, and I've never yet had a bad service experience. At the least, it's always been prompt, courteous, and helpful (and frequently more!) The food, of course, is fantastic. The kabob, schwarma, and hummus aremy favorites.
5	Two words: beef kabob. The meat is always flavorful and moist, the vegetables grilled to perfection, and the hummus to die for.
4	What a great find - thanks Yelpers!  The food was outstanding!  Ordered the beef kabob for the boys and they devoured 'em.  I had the lamb chops that were seasoned and cooked perfectly.  My wife had a spinach dish that was also very tasty!  The down-side was service (otherwise I'd give this a 5-star rating).  So be prepared to have a beer or wine, and kick back.  We ordered an appetizer that had tabouli and hummus.  It was a dipping plate, but the bread wasn't ready, and so we waited, and waited, and finally grabbed our spoons and went at it!  Delicious!  The bread finally arrived, and was incredibly good - would've liked to dip that into the creamy hummus!!  Server was absent for most of the night.  Had to go ask for our check, and bring it up to the waitress when I was ready to pay.  They may have been short-staffed, and so I'll give them some reprieve.  I would definitely come again - lots to goodies to choose from on the menu!
3	The place is nice, especially when there's belly dancing! Food is okay. Service is kind of slow. If you've been to Casablanca in Milwaukee, this place is a bit pricier. My favorite Middle-Eastern place is still Casablanca.
5	My favorite spot for Mediterranean food in Madison. Do not be deterred by the fact that it is in a strip mall on University Avenue. I stumbled upon the reviews of this place via Yelp, and was not led astray! The Shish Feast is amazing, and the amount of food will leave you with leftovers for dinner the next day. Craving their dolmas right now...
4	I believe this is the best Mediterranean in the MidwestAt this weird location, any complaints about the service are simply because no one is being nice to the servers. Seriously, just look them in the eye while you order.Great for vegetarians, tons of veggies, not all carbs and hummus.get the fried squash dish and you will have dreams about it later.
5	Excellent cuisine...delicious, wholesome, fragrant spices.
4	Place went belly up!!! So sad
5	Why did you close ! Where did you go ! Amazing food simply amazing
5	This location ( I was told by one of the folks who used to work there) was closed due to the construction on University Ave. There are plans to get s new location up and running again so stay tuned!
