3	A good place to go!  I have found they have good food and good service.  I would recommend that you give this place a try because I think you will enjoy it.When you go in - tell them that Chris from Yelp recommended you go there.  They will have no idea who the hell I am but it might provide some interesting entertainment and a good laugh or two!Enjoy!
5	Well I guess my karma came back to me last night, at least that's what I would like to think. I pulled into the parking lot of this new Smashburger to meet my daughter so we could carpool to Savers Thrift Store for their half off Labor Day sale. We were to meet at Elliot and 101 and this was about the only place close to the freeway with a parking lot that was easy to find. There just aren't a lot of businesses around here--no gas stations or drugstores etc. This turned out to be fortuitous.I parked and waited for my daughter to arrive. When I got out of the car to wave to her to show her where I was, a nice young man, who I later found out was Mike, asked if we were planning to come in to Smashburgers. I told him that I had planned to ask my daughter if she wanted to grab a bite to eat there and he said that actually they weren't opening until Wednesday but tonight they were having their Friends and Family Night starting at five and if we would like to join them we were welcome to!  I told him that we would love to if we got back in time and made sure it would be okay for my daughter to leave her car there while we were gone . He said that would be fine but suggested she park it at a little further back in the lot, so she did.We got back to the area around 6 and went into the restaurant, which was fairly full but still had a few tables left, went to the counter and I ordered a Smashburger with goat cheese, arugula lettuce, cucumber, and Apple cured bacon with a side of their Haystack Onion Rings. My daughter got her favorite, a bacon cheeseburger, with a side of fries.   They gave us each a cup for a drink. I got some vitamin water that was acai and pomegranate flavored. Periodically a girl walked around with a tray full of sample size cups of milkshakes.  During the course of the evening we were able to taste vanilla, Oreo, and chocolate.  All were creamy and good.The burgers were delicious with what was obviously real meat, no filling, and all the ingredients were fresh and tasty.  The French fries I thought were just sort of average but the onion rings were absolutely heavenly. They were thread thin and crispy and so delicate they practically fell apart when you picked them up.  I loved them!  I would come back for another burger and more of those onion rings at the drop of a hat. The burger was cooked well done, which I know they have to do, though I do prefer mine a little pink in the middle. But the texture and flavor of the burger were perfect.  There was no gristly chewiness, just good quality meat . I would say the service was good though they were naturally very busy and didn't get back to check on us very often. However we didn't need anything other than a second sample of milkshake so we were fine.  They even brought us an extra hamburger by mistake but let us keep it and brought a to go box, which I thought was very nice.All in all it was a very nice evening. We enjoyed ourselves immensely, got a big kick out of getting a free meal that was delicious, and I plan to go back.  I can recommend this place with a clear conscience.
5	just ate there the other day and i was very happy with the service they provided after there was some confusion about what i had ordered, they sent it back it, fixed it, and it was delicious. smash burger is not the healthiest of places since it has a lot of grease but it does hit that hang over spot.
4	I love Smash Burger first off, so I came in with high expectations. They did a great job at this new location. Food tasted great as usual, presentation was also good. They were pretty busy but got to us very quickly. Great job all the way around.
3	I love burgers! And this one is now on my list... thanks!
4	Let me start by saying the service is top knotch! From the moment I walked in to the time I took my food home,  I felt welcomed and taken care of.   Because of their lack of "value meals" ordering from their menu is not like your typical burger joint,  and because of that it's pretty easy to get to the $12 mark by just ordering a burger, standard size drink and fries,  so if you're price conscious, do an online search for coupons. I ordered the Large Bacon Cheeseburger, The bacon was thick cut, and the patty was at least 1/2 pound of perfectly cooked perfection, and came on fresh kiser style bun,  very yummy.   The bacon burger didn't come with lettuce and tomato,  and being a fan of the full featured burger,  I'll make a mental note to go for a "create your own" for next time.   The smash fries were  awesome as well,  thin cut and and seasoned with garlic and what appeared to be a light dusting of parmisian cheese. Overall,  a great step up from your typical burger joint,  and I'll be back for more soon.
3	Pretty solid burger spot.  This place is fast and serves up a good, solid burger. I have also tried the fried pickles which have been a bit too salty at times.  Definately better than fast food or The habit at a resonable price.
5	From the start to the finish quality food and excellent customer service!!!  And they have fried pickles!!!!  If you want restaurant quality food at a fast food price and quickness, then this is the place!!
3	Had Smashburger a few weeks ago with my coworker.  It was my first time having anything from there.  Not one of the best burgers I've had and certainly not in my top 5, but it was good.  So were the Smashfries. The cashier, Nancy was nice. Although the restaurant is small and was pretty busy considering it was noon, our food came out rather quickly.
2	So I've been here twice. First time I got the Truffle Mushroom Swiss and some Smashfries. To go. It was alright. Wasn't overwhelmed - I was hungry and it hit the spot. Next time I came with some coworkers. We were all excited because here was a new place pretty close to where we work and it could be high on our lunch rotation. But that idea came to a crashing halt when we got our food. This time I got the Spinach, Cucumber and Goat Cheese burger. I know. Sounds pretty metrosexual but I was curious. I also got the Haystack Onions. Well when I bit into the burger, I had to wonder if Bessie, the cow I was biting into, hadn't fallen in love with the salt lick and continously deep throated it for the rest of her days. Dang burger was salty as heck. The Haystack Onions were too. I would have let it slide if it were just me. My coworkers, however, said the same thing. It took the three of us to finish the haystack onions because I could not have more than just a bit of that oversalted mess. Service was pretty sucky too. The Einstein that brought the first burger took away the number on the table so the next guy that brought the rest of the burgers only knew to stop at our table because we flagged him down. Yeah yeah. The place is still "new." So this is the moment - like in a game of Hearts when somebody drops the queen of spades or some card with hearts on it - breaking hearts, as they say. I'm dropping a turd in this circle jerk of a punchbowl with everybody dropping five stars all around. We ain't coming back. Sorry. Smashburger apparently isn't for everyone.
3	I eat here from time to time. Close to work, its fast, and the price is average. The burgers are pretty good, don't really care for the chicken sandwiches.Items I enjoyed:Classic Smash - basic burger, well cooked and seasoned.Bacon Cheeseburger - see above, also has bacon (that's never a negative)Smashfries - great seasoningSweet Potato Fries - helps change things upItems I would pass on next time:Haystack Onions - Greasy, small portion, lacked flavor, just a mess.Avocado Club Chicken - Just very average for the priceFrench Fries - Get the Smashfries Overall, nothing to spectacular about this place. Really nothing to write home about.
2	Another burger place.  Don't get me wrong, I love hamburgers, but I don't need more temptation to eat another burger.  This is the third one within a mile, not including McDonlds and The Vine.It was not easy getting into this place either if you're East bound on Elliot Rd.I drove around that parking lot looking for a way on that doesn't currently exist.   :-pI will tell you service was prompt and polite.  Menu appears to have some decent options.My fail was to combine some toppings on the burger that just didn't blend well.  I don't understand.  Blue cheese, spinach, tomatoe, and onion is GREAT as a salad.  On top of a burger it was blech.  Burger was well done, as in overcooked.  And greasy.The egg bun is good.French fries are alright.Shake was tasty, but how often do you encounter a shake fail.  Personally, I dont think we'll be back here very often.
1	Way to much salt on everything and I like salt but this was over the top. I was looking forward the the veggie fries but I couldn't eat more than a few. The chicken was fatty, really fatty and flavorless aside from the layer of salt.My friend raves about the burgers so maybe that's the way to go....Honest to god I wouldn't eat here again for free. Gross.
