5	This shop has it all. The grand opening celebration was done just right... Vegas style. Now lets talk about the shop:The decor was simple but nice. Very organized space with a big selection of vapors. The people are all very knowledgeable about the different vapes and the flavors. They actually mix all their own juices and they are tasty! So many flavors. (Like ice king, lychee, pandana, ube, atomic melon) Its a nice place to chill or pick up anything you need for your custom or mod vape. Theres a lounge with a tv and couch, and all the flavors for sampling... definitely worth dropping by just for a taste.Btw, im not a smoker. But I got a vape for christmas and its like a safer and more portable hookah. it is great for those trying to cut down or quit smoking though... with the 0mg or 6mg varieties.
5	Great flavors, great products, great prices, best location. What else do you need?Really nicely built out store with a nice sample lounge. This is my new vape stop.
5	Talk about a suprise. u stopped in for a quick fix and ended up trying all of there wonderful flavors.  These guys are super friendly,  super knowledgeable and not pushy.  Stop in and take your time cause these guys are doing it right.  I will definitely be coming back for more
5	So beautiful! Very upscale feeling. Super clean and organized. Tommy was very helpful. There's a flavor tasting room, way better than just standing at a counter like other places. They make their own flavors too!
5	Pretty cool and cheap vapes! Their lounge is very nice as well! I like the Tiramisu, coco flan, lychan and Bellini. I also like that they carry the top mechanical mod clones in the market. Service is also good and we were taken care of from start to finish. Definitely will come back when we go to Vegas again.
5	Came here with my girlfriend and her friend to pick up some vaping starter kit and they were very hospitable, as expected of any establishment.The place itself looks sophisticated, and I like it that way--gives it some classy aura (no pun intended). They carry a good amount of vaping necessities and also a good amount of the top contenders of mechanical mods--I don't really see a lot clones in one shop in the Bay Area. The samples are also for drippers and they have quite the collection from 0mg-18mg. Definitely worth the cab ride from the strip. Will come back again when time permits.
5	I've been to a lot of different vape shops, almost all in Vegas and the juice here is spot on! My personal favorites are Hurricane, and Appletini. Their line of Myksology juice is outstanding! These juices are the perfect match of any alcohol drink you can find! Visiting Vegas and getting a Hurricane Fat Tuesday? Stop by here and get a Hurricane flavored juice from their Myksology juice line and you have the EXACT same taste! You can literally vape the drink you are drinking.. And the flavor is SPOT ON. The juices, their selection of mods from beginner to advance are awesome. This shop is set up for the person trying to quit smoking to the person who is a hobbiest. All around amazing shop!
5	Super Friendly with great variety of juices. Aura is a posh place but without the snobby attitude.They offer rebuild service which is great since I thought I was out of luck since I was visiting from Los Angeles and thought I was going to be a dirty drip. The yelp deal was a steal!Thanks for the help Ruben!!
3	The people here are super friendly and nice. Yhe reason I gave only three stars is one their liquid flavors was missing somethin.  I think if they remixed a few  flavors it would be a little better. And the second reason is that their liquid is pricey. Like 21 bucks for one bottle.
5	Husband and I were in Vegas and he needed to find a vape shop. These guys have a large selection of e-juices and an array of electronic devices. Dealt with Mike and met the owner Tommy. They are really helpful and nice guys. I'm sure we'll be back the next time we're in town.
5	This place is awesome! Great selection with knowledgable, helpful, and friendly staff. Really convenient location, too. I'd really recommend this place to anyone new to vapor pipes-- it's very relaxed and not at all intimidating for a beginner. Try the tiramisu flavor- YUM
5	This place rocks !!Thanks for coming to my rescue !!I live in Milwaukee so l'll be ordering online until my next trip to Vegas. Thanks
5	Stopped by this place on my recent trip to Vegas. Very friendly staff I believe Tommy helped me out. I mentioned to him the type of e-liquid flavors I liked he laid out about 6 or 7 for me to try. Everyone of them tasted wonderful. I picked out four of my favorite, he noticed the RDA I was vaping on (plume vail clone) and mentioned they had a copper and brass one. Told him I wanted to check out the copper one then he made a recommendation for a mech mod that would look good with it. I never felt pressured in anyway, and thanks to him I left with some hardware as well. Next time I'm in Vegas I will defiantly be stopping in again. Wonderful experience and amazing customer service. And he even took the time to do a build on the RDA I bought. Thank you so much!!!!
5	I walked into the store and was instantly greeted. They asked what can I help you with. He introduced himself as Ruben. I was asked certain questions so I good get the best vape. Thanks to Ruben I am now not going to waste my money on something that I would be in a couple of months want to upgrade from. This was the best customer service I have received from any shop. Plus I was truly educated. Thanks Ruben for making it a great experience. I will surely be back to buy from you.
5	Was in Vegas for a little getaway and my mod burned out. I was actually going to another shop when my wife spotted this place. We stopped by and I'm glad I did. The lady and gentleman there were very kind and helpful. When I'm in town again and need something, I'll definitely be stopping by this place. Thanks guys!
5	Tommy is the best!! Took his time to explain everything. Whether you are a veteran or a new vaper like me, this place is great and so close to the strip!
