2	Sorry, but you automatically go into meh territory when cashier is presented with a coupon, stares at it for 2 minutes, and says quite audibly oh shit and scurries off to get a manager.
1	Checker Marilyn will give one evil snarl should you dare use coupons.  She didn't seem to have a problem with the lady in front of me using WIC then buying a $13+ bottle of laundry detergent, but boy my coupons certain threw her into a tither.Please do as I do and just smile, come on home and give her the review she deserves.  Then on a future visits, PLEASE seek her out each time you return with your coupons .. she might learn to LOVE 'em!I will post on all the coupon websites to look for Marilyn and show her the love!
4	I never had an issue. The cashier was friendly.
3	Store is clean always well stocked... My only complaint is they need more checkers!!! I do love the just for me coupons they have saved me alot of money!My favorite part of this Safeway is thier Starbuck inside the store..It's a daily stop for me, the people that work there are a treat to visit with.
4	Never had a huge problem here, used to work at a Safeway in Cali and long lines is just something they need to work on..I don't get my groceries here but we stop in to pay our SRP bill or get gas. Also good for last minute or late night munchie cravings. If you get there just at the right time they have the most amazing brownies for like $2.98! With your club card of course! They have clean restrooms, the touchpad on the door appears when you touch it and ask the for the code from an employee. All in all pretty good, losing a star for the new cashier who gave my hubby a hard time for buying beer, even the bagger said I'm pretty sure he's over 21, and made him fill out some disclaimer saying he was over 21 and that his ID couldn't be swiped. Ugh! What a hassle, get your beer somewhere else lol
3	First off, I am not a big fan of the "just for u" savings. In our busy lives, who has time to go on the app just to load "extra" savings on our card. Why not just let us have the discount via store flyer coupons, or everyday low price? Nothing's more annoying than shopping, spending over $50-$100 each visit, and seeing the savings I could have had if I added the savings on my card. I do not have the time. Considering the extreme amount of marketing Safeway does, since I know personally I receive a SW paper weekly, they should save some of their marketing money, and give us the consumers better discounts. Secondly, evertime I shop this SW, I find expired product. Many times they are discounting food that will be expiring in one to two days. How is that allowed? Seems a little sneeky, and unsafe to me at the same time. Especially their salads. Thirdly, they really should consider some sort of employee appreciation party of sorts, because evertime I go into this SW, no one is smiling, and the cashiers in ALL departments can be quite rude, and complain about their day. I don't know about you, but after a long day at work the last thing I want to do is shop somewhere and hear about people complaining about their jobs and how long they've been working and how they can't afford anything. Lastly, they really need more baskets, and cleaning supplies to wipe carts, etc. As well as a clear gas discount expiration date on their receipts!
1	Horrible customer service!!!! You can never find a manager if you need one! You have to have a stupid code just to go to the bathroom and then you have to find a staff member to give you the code which there are never any around --- good luck finding one! Horrible customer service! I was treated like I was an idiot because I didn't know a code existed and they quickly shouted out the code which was a combination of numbers and an asterisk at the end I had to ask again and was huffed at when I asked if they could repeat. Part of being in the grocery Industry is customer service! Horrible!!!!
4	Been using safeway for years, recently moved away from the one I had been going to for 10+ years.  Very disappointed initially but then the manger frim my old store showed up!  What a difference!
4	Much improved over the course of the last several months.  New managers and j truly believe that's the difference.  There are always thing to improve but things are a ton better within produce and dairy area.  There beer selection is awesome now as well.
