5	Try out this awesome needlepoint store.  It's a non proftit store run by volunteers who love to stitch!  They have knitting yarn as well and one of the best selection of fibers in the valley for needlepoint projects.  It's worth the stop.
5	This shop is so organized and very professional. The staff are very friendly and helpful. I was impressed by the selection of yarn and knitting needles and how easy it was for me to find what I was looking for.
1	I was very excited to learn about this shop from the "New Times Best Of".  I ventured in on a Tues. morning and with some difficulty I found someone to help me.  I am a basic knitter and am happy with that.  I bought some merchandise and off I went to knit.Upon trying to return to expand my knitting three times I have gone to the shop and three times I have not received any assistance.  Once I left work early and arrived at the shop at 3:50, they close at 4.  I went on a Saturday to be told "there were no knitters there, and to come back on Wed. eve at 5 and the knitters will be there to help me."  I know exactly what I want to make I just need some assistance.  This eve. is Wed. I went into the shop and there was a knitting class.  I explained I didn't want a class just some assistance.  I was told by the knitting ring leader "this is my class, $65 for 6 classes, we knit 5-7." I explained I didn't want to knit i wanted to buy wools and go home and knit.  Four times she repeated herself regarding her class.  I get it is her class and she is not there to assist with questions on the retail level.  What I don't get is who is? Volunteer run and charity driven is a primary factor I wanted to support this store.  However I can't seem to give them my money.   I guess if you don't want to be in some sort of cult like stitching class this is not the establishment for you.  It saddens me because the idea is great, the merchandise is beautiful however customer service and assistance is necessary even if you are a bunch of volunteers.I guess I will find another shop that will assist me by helping  me and take my money.
1	I have shopped here off & on for years. I am always amazed I return due to the awful service & attitudes but with so few Needlework shops in Phoenix I have bit my tongue & gone.  I recently inquired about a Special Order Canvas for my Birthday. I FB them & called both. After 2 weeks of trying to get them to help me they responded by leaving me a phone message stating they had No Idea what canvas I was talking about. I have ordered from them before. The canvases are hundreds of dollars & I fail to see where the confusion came in considering I had Put the comeplete title & artist in my facebook message. I have ordered the canvas elsewhere. I don't know if it is just me they seem to dislike without knowing me or if it is just being outside the clique that is the issue. Order online unless your a Stepford Sticher.
4	Large selection of beautiful knitting and embroidery supplies.  Small locale.  Run by volunteers only.  You may experience some difficulty if you're doing something complicated in terms of payment but they are sweet as can be.  They're interested in what you're using your supplies for and may offer suggestions.  Also if you do a lot of knitting or embroidery they do have a frequent buyer discount club card of some sort.  As this was my first visit and we live thousands of miles away this was not applicable to me.  Definitely worth checking out for the serious stitchers or the beginners looking for some tips and tricks and great quality products.
