5	Ordered factory new key fobs for an eight year old "new" GMC for my teenager we purchased second hand.  Arrived quickly, instructions were simple & were set to go in 30 seconds flat.  So happy with first purchase, I ordered a fob for my 10 year old Ford just because I could!  This is a "no nonsense" company - good prices, good service.
3	The price is right, but improvement in communication for customer service would have greatly increased the stars.I needed to order a key fob replacement for a 2006  Toyota van, through various search engines and deep diving research I ended up at Keyless-Remotes.com.  I appreciated the ability to sort and filter on their website and that helped me locate what I needed. The prices that they offered were comparable if not better than many other places on the internet; especially better than my local Toyota dealer.  I found what I needed and paid with Paypal (a nice  convenience), got a confirmation number in my email and all seemed set. After about a week or so, I noticed that  I did not have a tracking number or other responsive information on my order. I simply waited a week since I was actually expecting a delivery by that time. I didn't order it "priority" but averaged it to have arrived by that time already. With no tracking information, I moved ahead and emailed their Customer Service. Within a day or so, I got an email and apology for the delay. It seemed that when you pay by Paypal there is a hiccup on their side that fails to advise them of the order (or other processes).  Now that I have contact, I felt more confident that my order would be shipped in a timely manner. In about a weeks time I reached out again to find out the status. I was then informed that the part was not in stock and the ones they had to ship did not meet their "quality" control standards. Hmm okay? I guess?  I appreciate  the response, but I am now concerned that my money sent to an unknown/untested vendor may be lost.. so are the perils of the internet. So, I wait... again...  After about another week, I need to email again for an update or possibly get a refund so I could use another vendor since I needed it even more urgently at this point. I was informed by the customer service that a new shipment should be in soon.. if I would like a refund I could cancel the order so that I could use another vendor I could do that.  Being that I work with customers daily on a global scale... my expectations may have been higher than the average persons, but so far I was not pleased with updates that I had to request and their care-free reply to use someone else if I wished; I see it from a business point to try and keep my customers pleased and keep them with ME/My Business.Overall, I did eventually get the replacement key fob. It was not "new" and it appeared to be a "refurb" and that's okay for the price. The accompanied instructions did help and were accurate with programming of it.  In the end, I would most likely use them again, but I would ask they improve their communication with buyers and their concerns.   Address the Paypal tracking/shipping, I wouldn't say daily updates, but I would emphasize every few days ESPECIALLY when an order is over-due or delayed; since at that point customers do get anxious.  I would like to give more stars, but  until I use them again (IF I do) they will just need to be 3 of 5. Give them a try, but don't expect timely delivery or communications.
