5	This is a great place to eat, i have been there every day for the last 10 daysi have tried 5 items and they are all good good good. I have tried Gyros sandwich, Philly steak (big big big ) Italian Beef with hot peppers,Chicago hot dog and last but not least is a big chicken plate. Unlike other gyros places this place offers many  choices of food to satisfy most people or just someone like me who enjoys a variety of foods.this place is worth trying, make sure your hungry cause portions are big
4	Sometimes I feel like I am almost defending neighborhood, independent establishments in my reviews.  It's a bit unfair to hold small, focused shops to the same standards as full-blown restaurants.  They are not quite fast-food, but they aren't always bastions of fine dining either.With that said, Gyros Palace delivers a decent gyro at a decent price without a whole lot of waiting around.  Whenever my family is in the mood for a quick lunch that's not fast-food, this is one of the places we choose.  The last time we got take out at Gyro Palace was on the way to a Phoenix Coyotes game, and it was great.
5	I don't know about beign from Chicago or what the heck Amanda B. is talking about, but as a REAL GREEK, the gyros and tzatziki sauce are freaking great!!! Hummus - GREAT!!!  Gyros Palace doesn't sell itself as a Greek restaurant, rather quick fast food.  Love it!
3	Falafel wasn't overcooked, had a good spicy flavor, and pita was nice as well.  Onion rings weren't so good though, especially for $3 as a small side portion.  Prices were a little high for this style of food in a fast food setting ($9 for Falafel plate?).  Will try again.
4	Since I don't eat mammal anymore, I don't normally go to Gyro shops, but I have to admit that Gyro's are one thing I miss. My other half just misses them because it's hard to find a good Gyro out near us, so we had to check out this place. Went there two days, and she had a Gyro each time. She said it would last her until we see her family in Chicago next year, which is to say it was a really good Gyro. There's a painting of the Chicago skyline on one wall, so one presumes that there's a connection between Gyros and Chicago, and this place apparently makes it like she's used to from back there. I had the Falafel Pita and it was extremely tasty. Between the two days, they seemed to go through a lot of lamb, so it seems to have a lot of fans. Likewise, both days around lunch, seating was tight.The staff was nice, food was good, prices reasonable, establishment was clean. It's not five-star dining, but if you're looking for a Gyro or related cuisine for a quick bite, this is a great place.
2	I was not at all thrilled with the food here. I found there to be a lack of choices for my tastes, but it may also be me being new to Greek food.  The food was kind of bland, but it was prepared fast and the staff was nice.
5	good food, a lot of bang for your buck
5	This is the best sandwich place in phoenix you can't find anything wrong with this place staff is great,  foods is fresh and big portions.
3	Large portion gyros at a good price.  I could have used a bit more cucumber in the tzatziki...but that's a minor complaint.So why not 4 stars?  Because I could have run down to Arby's and gotten a couple of sandwiches without sauce and added tzatziki sauce and been ahead.  Their meat looks and tastes pressed - just like Arby's.  Please don't tell me they prepare their own spit...not possible.  The meat is too uniform.  Plus the tomatos were horrible - go across the street to Sprout's and add 50 cents to the cost!Will I go back?  Yeah, maybe...but I'll go to Greek Wrap first.
2	Com'on, Yelp...check out Chris B and Tom K...(is that the names?).  I'll stand by my reviews anytime.Anyway, my stars just went down to 2.  Any questions why??
3	My boyfriend and I decided to eat at this little place for lunch last week before running errands at the Sprouts and Lowe's across the street. I was surprised to see the selection of burgers and hot dogs along side the Mediterranean fare. The portions are large especially for lunch. We ordered the hummus appetizer, falafel plate and the gyro plate. The hummus was pretty good and came with plenty of pita. The tomatoes are quite pitiful as another reviewer mentioned. I just ate around them and added awesome ones from Sprouts to it when I had the remainder for dinner. The falafel was just ok. I have to admit I make it better. My boyfriend seemed quite pleased with his gyro and he also had extra for later.
2	Lunch time and Gyros Place was across the road. Decided to give it a try. Place seemed to be clean decor was some paintings of the New York skyline. Pretty much like most of the strip mall food places. I got their special which was a chicken pita with fries and a drink. Meal was priced right. The fries was hot and taste. The pita was good. There was nothing wrong with the food it just was not anything to write home about. Would I eat there again. The answer is: If I happen to be in the area at lunch time, hungry, I might eat there again. Would just depend on what I was wanting. There was nothing exceptional about them. The food was OK the service was OK. Nothing special.
5	This place is the best for over all good old sandwich shop. the staff is very friendly and the food is priced just right for the quality and quantity. I tried the Gyros pita, Philly Steak, and the Chicken Greek Salad,  everything was very good and plenty of meat, this restaurant gives you good food for every pennie you spend. must go place.
5	Wow, this is a little hole-in-the-wall place with a relatively small menu packed with huge flavor and top-notch quality food!! I don't know anything about Greek food, but I do know about deliciousness.  It's so good, my friend renamed it "Yum-yum".  Don't miss out, go get a gyro today!
5	Easily the Best Gyros in Arizona. The Tzatziki Sauce is really what puts it on top. I even dunk my fries in it. I've tried several other Gyros places and Gyro Palace is King!
3	OK. Service is OK. Food is OK. Nothing bad. Nothing great. This place was very slow when I was there. Their problem is that The Greek Wrap is down the road. To compete with TGW they will need to step up their game. One peice of advice: stop watering down the ketchup.
5	I can't get enough of this place everything I have tried was excelant, my 12 yr old son had a plain burger it looked good I had one bite and now I'm stuck on their angus beef burgers they are fresh and big my favored is the bacon chz burger
2	staff was not very friendly. They need to change the name as it is not just a Gyro place, they serve hot dogs and hamburgers and the fries were terrible.  Nothing fancy about them like the other Gyros places I have been too.  Once you got your food and if there was no one else the staff all disappeared. Will not be returning.  The food was just okay nothing that makes you go wow.
3	Gyros sandwich was good with fresh and soft bread, although I've had larger portions of meat at other places for less money. I've had better fry's baked in my oven from the freezer section of the grocery store.  As a previous poster mentioned. Employees were quick to disappear as soon as you're served and there is no one else to help.
5	The Gyros plate is awesome. The included salad was fresh and very tasty. Love the rice. Good meal for the $$$.
4	Great Gyro lot of meat  great bread got takeout for my wife and mother in law they had the grilled chicken salad was excellent as wel pita bread is the bomb. The falafel was decent could use some work. I have a gyro place closer to my house but Yelp rates the Palace better. Prices are fair but not amazing.
4	Ever met anyone who has never tried a gyro? And they don't want to invest money in something they've never tried because they aren't open to spending money on new experiences?  And they would rather just drink at night than go to a nice Greek restaurant? But it still comes up occasionally: "Dude, I can't believe you've never had a gyro"?Take that sorry individual to Gyros Palace for lunch.The money for the food can't be beat.  And - not joking - this place has had the best Greek food I've come across since I've moved to AZ, in a large part because of the amazing Tzatziki sauce.The Greek chicken salad -served with Tzatziki dressing of course - is delightful treat. The gyros are LOADED with juicy meat, thrown on the grill the moment you order it.I only recently discovered this place, which is modestly wedged between a gym and several other restaurants, but with prices like this, I can see myself coming back and trying other menu options.In terms of atmosphere....there isn't any.....but, hey, it's just a place you're taking your friend to lunch, right?
4	Very good, quick and cheap. The gyro salad is definitely enough to share.
4	The gyros are fantastic! Unfortunately the falafel is always overcooked. All in all, its a good place for a quick lunch or dinner. If I have time to plan a meal, I would probably end up somewhere else.
4	Always had a respectable gyros pita here. Return often. Might try chicken next time ? ..........'cause I'm adventurous like that :)  !
5	Love this place it's always fresh and good
4	I found this place by accident, I pulled into the business center to go to filiburtos, and looked over to my left and there it was...So since I had been craving a gyro, We decided to try it. I was actually impressed, we both had the gyro plate, and I added chili cheese with my fries, We both really enjoyed the food...The only prob. I encountered there was the staff were not very friendly, not sure if they were the owner's or not but since I have been in customer service my entire life, I say a "smile" and a " have a nice day" always brings people back :)
3	stopped by tonight while in the area.  sitting in a strip-mall with a few restaurants the packing lot was PACKED, but the place itself was fine.  I got Spanakopita and a Gyro.  The Gyro was VERY tasty, packed with meat (could have had a bit more tzatziki though).  It was also a bit greasier than i am use to for a Gyro but i still enjoyed it.  The Spanakopita was also very good (but greasy).  i'm sure i'll go back if in the area and can't think of anything else to get, but won't go out of my way.
2	Incredibly generic.  Pita was bland, fries out of a bag and the chicken was very common.
5	I have heard about this place for sometime but did not have a chance to check it out until this week.  Luckily I was there during non lunch rush hours so I was able to get my food very quickly.  The staff were very pleasent and the food very good.  The gyros were seasoned very well and the sauce was good.  I definitely would recommend and be back.
5	Love this place. My wife and I always get the grilled chicken greek salad. Lots of meat and does the job!
4	Maybe someday Americans will learn that real gyros are made with actual meat and not a processed loaf concoction.  But until then neighborhood  joints like this will have to suffice. Friendly, fast, and convenient.. no frills but definitely solid. I visit 2-3 times per month.
2	If this review was strictly on their food, they would get between 4.5 and 5 stars. However their customer service sucks. If you go in there, and you look around and realize you are the only one there, do you understand what I'm talking about. The food is awesome, well cooked, and even will presented. I just wish they would do something about the customer service, because as of today the nearest gyro place is 15 minutes further, but I think I will be going there instead.
4	Eaten here many times and enjoyed most of there food.  Just wish the prices would come down some and they use different types of Frys.
