5	The guys at The Apple Xchange replaced my iPad glass in TWO hours! Great staff, very nice location, and great prices. Absolutely recommend them for any Apple product repair or purchase. Thanks again guys
5	My phone just stopped working out of the blue, I was about to go through insurance and get a new one but someone told me about the Apple Xchange. And I'm so glad they did. I took my phone in and met with Cory, he was very knowledgable and the pricing was amazing. I dropped my phone off and before I even got back to work I received an email notification that my phone was fixed and ready to be picked up! I am so happy I know about the Apple Xchange now! As a person who seems to run into a lot of issues with my devices, it good to know of a reputable, reliable business that can fix virtually anything! The pest part of it all...all my info and contacts were saved, I never thought I would see them again! I would certainly go back if I ever run into any issues like this again!
5	I really like the Apple Xchange. I live in the Northwest Valley, but it was totally worth the trip. I had been looking on Craigslist to replace my virus infected Dell. I was leary, though, about someone trying to sell me a stolen Mac or even about bringing cash and then buying a lemon. This was perfect. I got a used Mac that I know is not stolen. They have a legit, tech looking nice store and the added bonus of everyone being very helpful. I am now the proud owner of a shiny used Mac that has a one year guarantee and they offered to transfer my pictures if they could get them out of my worthless Dell. Jay went above and beyond when he said he was able to get them out and loaded into my new used Mac. His voice even sounded normal when he said that I had over 20,000 pictures!!
5	I have a habit of dropping my phone at least once a month that will completely shatter my screen and these guys are the best in replacing it!!  Very inexpensive and they are fast.  I drop it off, grab lunch, and it's ready before I know it.  They are extremely friendly and just a great company all around!  Highly recommended!!
5	I went to Apple XChange after i dropped my iphone and shattered the back glass. I had previously used another store, MacMasters, up in Scottsdale who charged me over 200 bucks just to do a diagnostic check on my old iphone when that wasnt working, and on top of that they had terrible customer service. Apple Xchange was the exact opposite. The customer service is great, and the prices are extremely fair. I originally had intended just to replace the broken back, but instead got a full color conversion for about 100 bucks that was done in less than an hour. Cory used to work for Apple, so the service is guaranteed to be good quality. You get the expertise of an Apple tech at more reasonable prices and better service. I highly recommend this store to anyone who needs their Apple products to be serviced.
5	It is stores like this that make me buy local.  We bought a refurbished MacBook and they still had it with the apple care for the next year.  It was much cheaper than anywhere we would have found one.The conversation with the employees and the owner's passion is impressive.
5	My screen was cracked after my puppy decided to use my  iPhone as a chew toy :/ I had met one of the owners through a networking group and decided to take the drive up to have it repaired when I found out that I wasn't eligible for an upgrade just yet. They took care of getting the repair done quickly and while I waited. Great experience and I would definitely recommend them to a friend (and actually did so a few hours later). So glad the option exists to have it repaired rather than replaced!
5	I took my old iphone in yesterday to have it repaired, not only was the customer service fantastic, but they're way cheaper than their competitors. I walked in 15 minutes before close (most businesses give you the cold shoulder when you do that) they were so friendly and willing to help. I'll definitely be using them again. Good job guys!
5	Great, friendly staff that are very knowledgable. Did a great job on a memory upgrade. Did the work in minutes while I waited. Wonderful experience, my new go to place.
5	Awesome and fast service.  Replaced my iPhone 5 screen and digitizer, highly recommend replacing both and not just the glass which I had done previously and completely messed up my touch screen capabilities.
5	Cheaper alternative to the Apple Store and super fast service.
5	I was on a business trip earlier this year, and my 6 year old managed to pull my iPad off the counter and shatter the glass. We contacted Apple just in case, but were told that the best thing to do was to purchase a refurbished model. This wasn't a viable solution, so I started looking into 3rd parties who could perform the repair. I found unanimously that the Apple Xchange had the best reviews consistently across every place I looked. I contacted them via email, and the response was back to me about an hour later, with the price, and details on how to get the work done with them. I walked in the next morning, they confirmed the repairs necessary (Screen replacement only for $125) had me sign some paperwork, and called me a few hours later to pick up my repaired iPad. There were no surprise costs, or difficulties, everything was done exactly as they said it would be, and within the timespan they quoted. It looks and works good as new, beside the home button feeling a little off balance, but it works fine. I'm incredibly happy with the work they did, and am happy to recommend them to my friends who may have any work needed on their Apple Products. I will be using them again in the future. Thanks Apple Xchange!
5	This place is awesome!! Fixed my iphone 5 broken glass faster then they told me. Very friendly and stand behind work. Next time I will deal with them instead of Asurion- which btw is a nightmare to deal with.
5	Smart techs, friendly service and decent ( in some cases downright cheap ) prices make this place my go to mac store. Forget Cry's and Worst Buy, these guys are the bomb. I've been here a number of different times and every time they had exactly what I was looking for and provided me with the helpful advice I was looking for. Plus, nothing wrong with supporting a local, hometown business. I'm a fan and I'll be back.
5	Great place to get your iPhone fixed! They were speedy, nice and best price in the 480/602 area. They also repair iPods and iPads. Took my phone in to get a new front screen and found out they also replace the back part of the phone, speakers and home button!
5	Great service and on time repair for our iPad screen replacement. Diagnosed our ill iPhone also.  We will use Xchange for any of our Apple out of warranty repairs from now on.
5	Good work, good price, good people
5	I broke the screen on my iPhone and was disappointed to find out that the insurance I carried through my provider had upped my deductible to $169.00. I called The Apple Exchange and they gave me a very reasonable price for a new screen and it could be done same day in about an hour. I purchased a yelp deal and saved another ten dollars. The crew at Apple Exchange were super nice and had my phone back to me in better than new condition in an hour. I was very impressed. I highly recommend these guys! They rock!
5	I shattered the screen on my iPhone 5 screen and was a bit anxious to replace or repair it quickly and inexpensively. I did some research and found The Apple Xchange about 15 minutes from me. I must say, the previous reviews do not disappoint! I experienced, fast, courteous, and quality service. The price was a little higher then some other places I checked, but AX replaces the sensor and the glass which in the end is better for your phone's performance. The repair took less then 45 minutes and my phone looked brand new afterwards! I even bought a sturdier case which AE had in great supply. Thanks AX, two thumbs up!
5	Fast, easy, much cheaper than other places on Mill Ave.  My iPhone 5c screen was replaced with 45 minutes!
5	Very helpful, and fast service! Only took 45 minutes and my iPhone looks as good as new! Would definitely use them again (though hopefully I won't have to too often!)
5	I've purchased 4 Macs form the Apple Xchange.  The hardware and helpful staff are top notch and willing to solve any Apple problem you may have.  I've gotten some great advice and also amazing deals on hard drive upgrades and speedy turn arounds on service orders.  I can't recommend them more highly!  GREAT SHOP!
5	Highly recommended! if you have any apple devices damages & they also have affordable prices plus with the yelp discount helps too. Lastly, their customer service is very professional.
5	Found these guys on Yelp, couldn't be happier with the service.  Went in with my device, not sure what the issue was.  They booted it and diagnosed within minutes.  Problem was repaired in under 2hrs.  I wouldn't paid 3x the amount easily if I'd gone to an actual Apple store so I'm very satisfied!  Plus one of the techs cleaned the dust out if my iPhone 5 while I was waiting!
5	Very friendly and knowledgeable service. Will go there again. Already recommended to a friend.
5	I ahead done business with them at their previous location in Gilbert.  They treated me great then, so I thought that I'd try them after cracking my iPad 3 screen.  It landed on a concrete floor, collapsing the top right corner of the case as well as the screen damage.  They replaced the glass with OEM glass, did a great job repairing the case, and had it done in a day as promised for a fair price. Alan and his staff are courteous and conscientious .  I highly recommend them for your Mac, iPad, and IPhone needs.
5	I will have to add to the overwhelming consensus that these guys are great!  After a very long, frustrating and unhelpful 3 hour visit to the Apple store, I found these guys on Yelp. They were able to diagnose the problems on my 3 year old Macbook Pro very quickly and do the necessary hardware upgrades (switch an HD to SSD, upgrade RAM, replace charger) at a price a bit less than half what the Apple store would have charged.  Very nice people also.  Highly recommended.
1	Saw an ad on Craigslist for a 11" MacBook Air from mid-2011 asking for $825.  I called them and explained that Apple is selling a refurbished 11" MacBook Air from mid-2013 (the newest model as of this writing) for $849; I asked if they would do anything about the price and he said they only negotiate if you go to the store and that I wouldn't save more than $20-30 and that I should go elsewhere.  Paying the extra $40-50 to Apple is definitely worth it to get a laptop that is two years newer and comes with a warranty from Apple which lets me take the laptop to any Apple Store.  I can't believe The Apple Xchange is charging so much for a two to three-year old laptop!  And on top of that, I can't believe that in the face of being shown a much better deal, they won't negotiate a better price for their offerings.UPDATE - In response to Alan C.'s response to my review:It seems like Apple Xchange has good support after you've purchased something from them; they certainly have more than a few reviews stating that here.  But Apple Xchange's support after purchasing a product was never a point of issue for me.  However, the majority of Alan C.'s response was related to customer service AFTER purchasing from them.  So let's address his points.  - He mentioned that they offer a warranty for a full year.  So does Apple on their refurbished products.  Apple has over 400 stores in 16 countries that I can go to; they have six in the Phoenix area alone.  As far as I know, Apple Xchange has one store.- He mentioned that you have to make an appointment with Apple.  While some might view that as an inconvenience, I see it differently.  For example, right now at 10pm, I can check Apple's website and see that they have 19 appointment slots open for tomorrow afternoon and evening at the store 10 minutes away from me.  I don't have to wait to make a call during business hours or risk driving 30 minutes to a store and waiting.But let's say Apple Xchange's warranty and customer service is equal to, or better than, Apple's warranty and customer service.  Once again, that was never a point of contention for me.  We still come back to the price.  And is it worth buying a two to three-year old laptop to save $40-50?  Unequivocally, the answer has to be no.If Apple Xchange feels that it is fair to price a two to three-year old laptop for only $40-50 less than the newest model in the same or better condition from the manufacturer itself, I am a little stunned.  If it was the same model, sure, some discount is better than none.  But a two to three-year old laptop for only $40-50 less than the current model?!  Come on, one can't say that's a fair price with a straight face.  I understand they need to make money.  But if a well-informed customer is coming to you with something that shows your product is clearly overpriced, then at least attempt to make a fair deal.
5	They fixed the screen on my iphone 5. I had a yelp deal that got me 20 off. It was the best deal I found and they did an amazing job! It was like brand new and they have great priced covers.
5	Highly recommend this place. AWESOME customer service. They fixed my shattered iPad screen in one day. I bought an Otterbox cover for the iPad, hated it, brought it back two weeks later and they exchanged it for a Survivor ... No questions asked.  Love to support local Tempe and these guys are the best.
5	Super fast service, they only took about 15 minutes to replace my broken screen.  Cost was reasonable in comparison to other service providers, they answered all my questions and even installed a screen protector for me.  My iPhone 5s looks as good as new and seems to work perfectly.  I'm hoping I don't have to go back, but if I ever have to do this again, I will go back there.
5	Fixed my Ipad screen. When I went to pick it up there was a small air bubble. The guy didn't hesitate to apologize and said they would take care of it and call me the next day. It was 2 days later when I called to see what was up they informed me it would be ready that day. Everyone was super nice and I used a deal through Yelp to make it even cheaper. I will be back with any Apple related issues.
3	The Apple Exchange was recommended to me by a family member. I gladly took their advice and went. The guys were friendly and fixed my iPhone 5 in about 25 minutes. The price was very reasonable compared the the Apple Store. My issue didn't appear until about a day after the fix. The screen they install wasn't an OEM product and as a result I can see the scan lines and some of my apps don't work properly. The phone freezes during texting and won't slide between pages properly. It drives me crazy! After 18 months of a perfect Retina screen the difference in the new screen is too much. If I would have known in the beginning I would have paid the extra at the apple store to get the original screen back. If you're prone to cracking your screen or image quality isn't an issue with you then these guys are great. Otherwise, pay the extra at the apple store.
5	I just wanted to give readers an update on my next experience with The Apple Exchange. After the first two weeks of using my replaced iPhone 5 screen, I was starting to have problems with it. I called the Apple Exchange and spoke with Allen. He was very helpful and didn't hesitate to replace the screen with a new second replacement which seems to work perfect! I just got a bad batch with the first one and that can happen to anyone. I was very happy with their willingness to fix the phone again at no charge and Allen did tell me that they have a 90 day warranty period so don't hesitate to call them back up.I would certainly recommend them again to family and friends! Thanks Allen and The Apple Exchange
5	I shattered my iphone 5 screen. UGH!!! Got a great price and they have a yelp coupon to boot. I was out in an hour. I would highly recommend them for your cell phone repair needs! Great Service!!
5	I had a great experience with Apple Xchange. No fuss, great deal (got the $10 for $20 Yelp deal on top of it), impeccable results. So I had spilled coffee on the trackpad of my Macbook Pro about a year ago, and the computer continued to work, albeit more slowly, until one day it just stopped working. I freaked out and thought it was dead. Saw the Yelp reviews and called Apple Xchange. Alan was able to tell me over the phone that my computer likely wasn't suffering from water damage but from hard drive failure. Sure enough, when I brought it in for him to diagnose (for free), he confirmed it was the hard drive and quoted me the same price he had quoted over the phone--$149 before taxes to replace the hard drive and transfer the files over. I had brought the laptop in a couple hours before closing, and he had completed the job and called me to come pick it up by the next day. I am ecstatic to have my baby back, with all the files and apps intact and running faster than ever. Thank you so much, Alan & co!
5	Easy to get to and a little over one hour service on a cracked screen that I had previously "fixed." Nice people. Very friendly. I highly recommend.
4	I've had my iPhone 5 screen replace here twice (I know!). Some of the guys are not the nicest but they're good at what they do. I used my Yelp $10 for $20 with no problem.
5	Fixed a really silly issue on my iphone really fast and had a new battery put in with speed! Great customer service!!!!!!!
5	My experience with Apple Xchange was just short of perfect.  My iPhone 5 got stuck in the mechanism of a recliner, and the glass was crushed and damaged severely.  I reviewed several iPhone repair shops on Yelp and settled on The Apple Xchange - partly because of the great reviews and partly because of the Yelp coupon.  I spoke to Alan who said he could fix my phone on the same day.  Alan greeted me and quickly got started.  They had a comfortable waiting area with a movie running.  About 45 minutes later, one of the techs told me that my phone was ready.  I tested the glass and there were a few dead-spots.  Without hesitation, the tech apologized and retreated with my phone to the back room.  15 minutes later, he brought out my phone and it was good to go.Several weeks later, my wife's battery died on her iPhone 4s.  She brought it into The Apple Xchange and they had her ready to go in 20 minutes.  Giving 5 stars in spite of the screen having dead spots because it was quickly resolved. It's been a few months, and I've had no issues since.  I would recommend this store to anyone needing quick and relatively cheap service on Apple products.
5	Awesome place! If you want a Mac on a budget with a warranty this is the only place to go. Every time I need something they take care of me.
2	I'm adjusting my rating based on a more recent encounter. Came in to buy a lighting cable for my phone.  It was hard to find, $8 more than on amazon, and they didn't have a bathroom ... but, hey, I wanted to buy local. However, when it came time to check out .... Things went into a downward spiral. The guy at the register had no clue of what he was doing. Had to wait 5 min for another guy to get off the phone to talk him thru each step of the process. Couldn't find the product in their system, manually typing in the SKU number, and the kicker was when they manually started typing in my credit card info. It's a technology store ... GET SOME TECHNOLOGY! I grabbed my credit card and left without buying anything. Train your employees on your own time. Not sure I'll be back anytime soon.
5	They were extremely helpful and made my laptop work as good as new.  I didn't feel like they were trying to sell me.  Very honest and helpful staff! I have already told many of friends about this place, because in the computer repair business, there are lots of sketchy technicians with the wrong focus. There to take your money rather than make you feel appreciated and provide you with realistic expectations. Also very reasonably priced for the work that is done!
5	Fixed my screen and put tempered glass on for extra protection. Both those services were the same price other places wanted just to fix my screen.
5	My Experience: Bought a previously used IMac, 27 Inch. A great deal and might I add the lowest price on that specific model I could find anywhere. They transferred all files over and merged everything flawlessly.  I am a graphic designer and needed this computer specifically for 3D modeling and animation. I took the computer home and began to abuse it, rendering and creating 3D animation pushing the computer to the limits of the graphics and processor, sometimes running the computer 24 hours rendering graphics. One morning after running all night I noticed a miniscule dark line on the LCD and to be honest I was thinking, oh man here it comes, payback for not buying new. I shut the computer down and let it rest to find after start-up the screen was back to normal, same thing occurred a few days later after extended use. I began to do a bit of research and went through several forums to try and see what the problem could have been. I emailed Alan (after-hours) on a Wednesday and received and email back minutes later, asking me to bring it on in to take a look. I brought it in on Friday and being used to the way things are run at the Apple store I was skeptical about getting the computer back by Monday to get back to work on urgent projects but still mentioned that this was an urgent matter, I was going out of town and let them know I would be in first thing Monday morning to pick up. Monday came and again being used to the way Apple' Genius bar works, if you don't hear anything back the computer probably isn't ready and to find out anything, its a long process of phone transfers and messages being left to find out exactly that "your computer is not ready". I sent and email Monday night again after hours and received an email back within minutes letting me know that not only was the computer ready but they were expecting me first thing Monday morning (like I told them) and not only was it ready Monday morning but it was ready on Saturday which would be within 24 hours of drop off. These guys had a choice in fixing the computer, a way to cool off the computer with setting the fans to come on early and nip the problem in the bud before it gets hot or what they actually did was completely replace the screen. They did this amazingly all without a need for a complete back-up and re-install of OS ( what seems to be Genius Bar first attempt to fix any problem) Wow. I can't express enough the difference in experience from the Genius Bar to The Apple Xchange. Don't mean to slam the Genius Bar but these guys are certified Apple techs who obviously learned way more from hands on problem solving and thinking outside of the cooperate classroom. Not to mention the kind of attention you would expect from a friend. I don't regret for one second not buying new. And as my business grows I look forward dealing with the Apple Xchange exclusively. Cheers Dudes!
5	Excellent service. Staff was extremely knowledgeable, quick to do the work, and told me about the discount very satisfied!!!
5	I have never had any problems with my I-Phone 5 so when I shattered my screen, I had no idea where to take it.  I found this coupon on Yelp and took my phone there.  Apple Xchange was very helpful and efficient.  They also explained to me that they replace the hole top piece of your phone, some places cut the glass out and glue a new piece over it.
4	About a year ago I dropped my phone and the screen cracked. Within an hour and $60 bucks later it was like brand new. From checking other stores pricing, they were the best price (especially take advantage of the $10 for $20 deal on Yelp). Recently my fiance's battery was dying within in minutes and he gave them a call. They fixed the battery within a few minutes and it was only $30 compared to Apple telling him $80 and it would take an hour. Unfortunately they couldn't salvage his water damaged Mac but they spent a lot of time talking through the options he had and what would make the most sense in relation to cost.
5	I had water spilled onto my laptop, and brought it in after going to the Apple store and being told it was going to be a $750 charge since my computer stopped working. I brought it in, and they spent an hour cleaning up the inside of my computer and got it working perfectly. It cost me $50 to fix water damage - can't get much better than that! Definitely coming to them with any technical issues in the future.
5	Love this place. So friendly and knowledgable. Have previously purchased a Mac from them and today went in to get my iPhone screen replaced. You can't beat their prices or service. I recommend them to everyone!
5	I was really pleased with the fast affordable service at this store.  This is the second time the screen has been fixed on this phone.  The first time it was repaired it was well over $100. With the coupon I saved about $40 from the last time.  Went to lunch and the phone was done when lunch was done.
5	Fan-effing-tastic! I dropped my iPhone 5, completely shattered the screen. Checked my "insurance" and they wanted $170 deductible (wtf??). Checked apple store, $150 to replace the glass. Checked ufixit or whatever on mill, $130. Apple Xchange did it for $95 (actually $85 after the yelp coupon) in 30 minutes. I couldn't have asked for more. You guys rock.
5	I took my MacBook Air because I had problem with the Trackpad,,, and they fixed it for methank you guys ,,, fast, reliable, and affordable service...
5	I highly recommend The Apple Xchange for anything Apple related! I needed my iPhone 5 screen replaced and found many positive reviews and not to mention a great deal to repair! It was super easy and very fast! 5 star s for customer service! hopefully I wont have to replace my screen again but if so I know where to go from here on out! Thanks guys for making life a little bit easier for me!
5	Had my daughter's Ipad mini screen fixed here. Great deal and very fast repair. I only wish I had brought in her Iphone when she broke the screen. Used the Yelp deal which came in handy. They also fixed my mom's IPad screen and she is a happy customer.
4	I have gone to this store a few times, and while it is woefully out of my way, the service is good and the prices are affordable.  My only suggestion is get a second location somwhere on the west side of the valley, like glendale or somewhere so I don't have to drive so far out there.
5	My iPhone took an unfortunate fall yesterday leaving me with no choice but to get it repaired or fork over a significant amount of money to the insurance company. Apple Xchange was courteous and responsive to all my questions. I brought the phone in to be assessed and in less than 20 minutes I had a nicely repaired iPhone. They were significantly cheaper than other repair facilities in the area.
5	I drove 40 minutes to get my Phone unlocked and jail****with these guys. They definitely know their stuff and offer fair prices. I messed up my phone a couple days later after downloading an app that corrupted my phone.I called other stores but they didn't know what I was talking about, so I took a trip back to The Apple Xchange. They fixed my phone and hooked up my internet too : ) . You can trust the people at The Apple Xchange, they know what they are doing.
5	Broke my work phone, went over during my lunch break and they fixed it in less then 20 minuets. They also had some computers to play in while I waited .
