3	Took a gentleman I was interviewing and his wife out to dinner here.  It's casual with decent food.  Started with the corn bread appetizer.  Not the best corn bread I have ever had. I won't get that again.  I had the salmon grilled on a cedar plank.  Was tasty, even though I don't typically enjoy salmon.  The wild rice salad was not the best.
4	I've found this place to be better for lunch than for dinner.  The roast beef sandwich is unbelievable - rare to medium rare with great au jus.  The desserts are to die for.  I'd take a business lunch here without hesitation.  It's a bit dark if there will be note-taking involved however.  It's also one of the few restaurants I've been to that has an "Arnold Palmer" (half and half iced tea and lemonade) on the beverage menu.
4	Great place.  Trendy decor...lots of room.  Their claim to fame is the fact that they do not have a freezer, so everything has to be fresh.  Great steaks...excellent brunch.  Wish they had a bit more diverse menu although their daily specials are always pretty good.  Located in the back of Blakeney .
5	On my first visit I had a Thai salad.The best I've had outside Thailand itself.Fresh and whole ingredients - prepared with a modern flair and pizazz!  I eat healthy and menu provided plenty of interesting entrees with varied flavor pallette.The mood and ambience is top notch without distracting music.The service was professionally trained to culinary standards - not something you get very often anymore.  And the service is what topped this review off at 5 stars vs a place that just has great food.
4	Went there on a very busy Saturday night.Nicely decorated - kind of a modern arts and crafts style. Lots of space for waiting, especially cool was the outdoor fireplace on the patio where you could bring a drink and wait for your table. Long wait (over an hour) on a Saturday night.This is definitely a date restaurant at night - dark, romantic, cozy booths and strong drinks. Menu is New American, lots of proteins with veggie sides. We started with a queso/guac combo dip - it was unusual in that the queso was more of a pimento dip with shredded cheese but very tasty. Our entree's were both very good, double-stuffed porkchop and the crab cake salad. Generous portions, perfectly cooked, fresh ingredients.Service was very good, helpful and playful waiter who paced the meal well and understood we didn't want to be rushed. A good place that deserves repeat business, especially in this age of chains!
4	I find 131 Main to offer something for everyone, the menu is unique and the appetizers are great, specifically the scallops and the smoked salmon. I recommend their salads and the "Awesome Roast Beef Sandwich" is aptly named. The only criticism I have is their beer selection since the took Grolsh off the menu.
4	I had the fried flounder the other night and it was really good.  Nice texture on the fish, and the breading seems related to the cornbread that pops up in many places on the menu.  Although they serve it with a nice, home-made tartar sauce, it covered up the tasty fish and seemed unnecessary.  My wife loves the Roast Beef Sandwich here.  I had the "Main" salad and felt there was way too much red cabbage in it, but that is a personal thing and it is large enough that eating just what I wanted was plenty.On previous trips I have tried the deviled egg appetizer and wasn't a fan, even though I really wanted to be.  I never have room for dessert, and I am sure that I am missing out.Nice atmosphere and waitstaff.  On my first trip here the waitress performed my favorite restaurant trick.  She asked for our drink orders and then proceeded to tell us about the specials and answer questions.  While doing this, the drinks were magically delivered by another waiter to us.  How the heck did they do this?  Not that magical really, but a nice touch--she wrote them down, held the card behind her back as she explained things.  The next waiter by grabbed the card and filled the order.  They do this so seemlessly that it seems like magic.  I hope that I didn't ruin it for anyone.  :)My least favorite restaurant trick?  Where the waiter "remembers" the orders.  Hey Kreskin, I am here for dinner, not a kid's birthday party.  If it works I am not impressed, and if it doesn't I am pissed.  At 131 Main they write it down.
3	I went about a week ago for dinner with out-of-town family. We ordered the Artichoke with dip, Scallops as appetizer and entree, and I have the fried Flounder with mashed potatoes. Everything was GOOD. A solid good.Mind you the flavors aren't gonna blow you out the water, but the simple fact that you can taste the freshness and maybe even the great training of the chefs in it is well worth it. The best dish of the evening had to be the Scallops with a firm, smooth polenta. Keep in mind that the scallops go quickly, so don't be surprised if you need to order additional.
4	Great for a weeknight bite. Reasonable and always fresh!
3	Great food , terrible service not the place to go for a quiet dinner.
4	Have visited both the Blakeney and Huntersville locations, and they are comparable. The biggest difference in the sound level, which is more muted in Huntersville. The restaurant designer subscribes to the theory that more ambient noise creates a sense of excitement, but I think they confuse "excitement" with "anxiety" and "exhaustion", as a simple conversation can become a struggle.As for the food, yeah, it's pretty good. The roast beef sandwich has been enjoyed on more than one occasion. The service has been all over the map, but never so bad that we vowed never to return.Wine list is pretty good, and the bars in both locations are hopping. Count on spending some time there, even if you have a reservation, and don't even bother trying to go on a peak time without a reservation. [Tip: Smartphone users, download Open Table and use it in a situation like this. You can browse local restaurants to find one with capacity for you without calling each of them and being placed on hold until the hostess can find the time to take the call.]
4	One of my favorite charlotte restaurants. Food is always good, service is always decent.Just wish they would add more options/change the menu every once in a while!
5	A wonderful restaurant.  131 Main is a place to eat good food served in ample portions.Menu has great choices whereby you will find at least three items you want to order, but it is agony to just pick one.  They frequently have special dinner specials which consist of appetizer, salad, main and dessert...at an excellent price.There is not a freezer in the restaurant so you can be sure that the foods are fresh and sometimes they do run out of menu choices.We love their grilled artichokes which are simply yummy, assuming that you like artichokes.  Hint:  you can substitute half an artichoke in lieu of your starch.Prime rib is best we have found:  tender, flavorful and cooked as you like it.  In fact, all of their meats and seafood are great. Service is "right there" for you and the wait staff work together, like a team, in taking care of you.  The bar does a nice job and there is an OK wine list, enough to satisfy all but the most fussy snob.
2	Left a Bad Taste.  The meal started out good with the appetizers but quickly deteriorated.  The shrimp and grits was flat and disappointing.  The prime rib wasn't prime, it was tasteless like cardboard.  I took it home to my dogs.  The desserts were pitiful.  the only good thing was the appetizers.  the corn bread was yummy, the double dip was great, and the salmon was decent.  I would never go here again unless it was for the appetizers.
4	My family dined at 131 Main at the Blakeney Shopping Center for lunch on Sunday.  We shared the deviled egg appetizer - very tasty!  My wife and I both had some excellent Sea Bass (Grilled) with Braised Cabbage!!  My sons both had steaks and they were very happy with their meals as well. 131 Main has an excellent menu and excellent service as well. The wait staff is very attentive! Parking is no problem and the restaurant itself is very clean, comfortable, and nicely decorated. Very pleasant atmosphere.
4	Had a great time here. Went for lunch and I got a chicken dish that was on special for that day it was great. My girlfriend got the "Awesome Roast Beef" sandwich. We split our meals and both were great. However, I came here specifically to write a review for the skillet cornbread on the appetizer menu. GET IT! It was incredibly good. Definitely not what I am used to as a southerner from the surrounding area.  It was a cake/cornbread hybrid it seemed. Really sweet and it was served with honey... super good!
4	We've lived in the Blakeney area for years now and finally had the chance to get over to 131 for lunch. My husband and I both wanted the same dish (Ahi Tuna salad) but I ended up ordering it and he got the Mahi.  The Ahi Tuna was perfect and so fresh. It paired nicely with the ginger sauce.  My husband said his dish was good but wish the fish wasn't so soaked in butter (may not be a bad thing). Service was excellent, my half/half ice-tea filled glass was never empty. I hope to get back over there for dinner the next time we have a  date night without the baby.
5	I have been dying to eat at 131 Main ever since I found out it is owned/run by the same people as PDQ in Tega Cay.  I mean people who can put that much love into fast food, must be able to do wonders at a "real" restaurant right?Thank god I was not disappointed.  We chose 131 Main for our Easter lunch.  Our server was attentive and knowledgeable and clearly well trained.  We ordered a half order of the double dip for an appetizer. It is a plate of tortilla chips served with fresh guacamole, salsa and pimento cheese.  The pimento cheese was incredible, guac was great and the salsa just okay.  The half was the perfect size for two. Hubs had meatloaf and mashed potatoes.  Both were awesome.  I ordered the crab cake salad.  OMG - yummy!  Full of crab with no visible filler at all.  Not sure how they even get the crab cake to keep it's shape.  It's served with a mustard sauce that looks like it will be overpowering, but it is perfect.  Cornbread croutons are a nice touch.  Oddly enough, the highlight of the meal was probably the cheeseburger from my sons kids' meal.  Crazy I know!!!  It was a large burger so hubs and I tried it and it was incredible.  The flavor of the beef was awesome.  I never order a cheese burger at a restaurant and I could actually see myself ordering a cheeseburger there.  Fries were fresh cut and great.  Why doesn't every place just make fresh fries.  Really!!  They taste so, so, so much better.  The kids meals were topped finished off with Eskimo Pies.  My kids want to eat there every day.I saw many people ordering the brunch specials which were french toast or eggs benedict with a crab cake.  Both looked incredible.  From the outside, the building is beautiful and if you didn't know the food was quite reasonably priced, you might think you were in a super fancy place.  Might intimidate some.  The interior is gorgeous as well.  Would be a great date location or place to impress clients.
4	It's hard to go wrong with 131.  The food is consistently very good.  I find myself craving their corn bread every month or two.  One of my favorites in Charlotte.  They miss the 5th star because the do seem a bit pricey, and on our last visit, our waiter forgot about/ignored us...twice.
5	Food is fresh, they freeze nothing. Totally unreal, this is why I get the crab cakes every time - 100% fresh seafood. Iceberg salad is great, I find the blue cheese a little strong but still good. You can't go wrong here, for the price you get the value.
5	Upscale ambiance. Excellent service. Correct size portions. All natural, fresh ingredients.You can't go wrong with anything you order at this restaurant. Good setting for a romantic date.
4	Absolutely wonderful.Highly recommend the steak salad - its marinated steak along with a bunch of other stuff. I'm not a big fan of salad, but this one is fantastic. I order it with extra avocado.Also highly recommend the scallop appetizer. Yummy!!!And Tuesday's are half priced bottles - as in any of the bottles. GREAT deal.This location isn't on Open Table. What gives?
4	Lovely ambience, excellent food, and great service.  My husband and I typically dine at 131 Main for lunch and we share a Roast Beef (French Dip) sandwich and a Wedge Salad.  We have been there for lunch and dinner and have tried many of their sandwiches, salads, and the burger and all are very good, but we actually crave the French Dip and Wedge Salad and find ourselves going there specifically for that.
5	I didn't love 131 on my first visit, but lately I can't get enough!  It has a great atmoshpere and the thing I love the most is they change their menu each season.  This is brilliant for this area, you can only eat at the restaurants in blakeny so many times before you tire of them.  131 keeps you coming back to see what they have changed!  Excellent food, excellent service!
4	Came here for a business lunch, and thought the venue is well suited for business functions/meals.I ordered the cut of salmon with seasonal vegetables. Both had just the right amount of salt and pepper an the salmon was cooked perfectly. I thoroughly enjoyed every bite.Everyone else loved their dishes as well, especially the awesome roast beef sandwich. The menu had so many great options that it was hard to choose, but I do have to say it isn't a good place to go for picky eaters.
5	Best restaurant in town!  Everything on the menu is fantastic!
4	David and I really like 131 Main. This location has a nice layout - great bar, great patio, and nice dining area.  Service has always been good. On my last visit, I tried the Ahi Tuna Salad (with mixed greens, fresh mango,avocado, & ginger vinaigrette) for $15. This is a great place for date night or for meeting friends on the patio for appetizers and drinks!
4	Walking into this restaurant will catch you off guard, I was not expecting such a great layout when I walked in.  The bar was hopping and business was very steady even on a weeknight.  The food was fabulous!  I had the meatloaf and it was definitely something to die for.  If you have never had cucumber salad, you have to try it at 131 Main!Service was excellent, the servers are very knowledgeable about the menu and the daily specials.  The only thing I don't like about the place is that it is really hard to have a conversation.  The layout seems to have a hole in the air sucking out your voice, I felt as though I had to repeat myself over and over just to make a conversation.Overall my satisfaction with 131 Main is over-the-top.  131 Main would get a 5-star rating if I would have been able to carry on a conversation without being drowned out by the noise.  I will be back!
4	I've been wanting to go to 131 Main for a while but never have had the chance until recently, when I was able to go to dinner at the Rea Rd location.  I was surprised by the building.  It is in a shopping center area on Rea Rd but the building has some nice architectural details and effort put into the look and feel.  The inside is very comfortable and calming and matches well with the exterior.  The service was also very responsive and polished.  I guess their cuisine would be considered new American.  Dishes were simple staples with some minor surprises, and everything I had was well executed.  I had the house salad, which was excellent, and grilled salmon on a cedar plan with a wild rice salad.  Everything tasted very fresh and was refined with a little twist.  The banana creme pie was phenomenal and I would highly recommend.
4	We met a couple of our friends for dinner here last Saturday night and had a good time.  Unfortunately their beer selection isn't very big therefore I ordered the 131 Mainiac cocktail and was pleasantly surprised by it since it was a little sweet but had a nice kick to it.We ordered cornbread as an appetizer and it was fantastic!  I was fairly disappointed by the crab cakes that I ordered though.  They were salty and mushy.  I only ate one of them out of sheer hunger.  On the other hand, the shrimp and grits that my husband ordered were simply amazing!  The shrimp was seasoned and cooked to perfection and the grits just melted in your mouth.
3	My husband and I went there to have dinner and there was a long wait so we sat at the bar for dinner. It was packed, but we got a seat pretty quickly as a couple was finishing up their dinner. The drink selection was good, we both enjoyed the martinis. I ordered the filet special which I enjoyed. However, my husband tried the fish special  which came out partially raw. He sent it back and it was still raw. At that point he ate what he could but otherwise was disappointed with his selection. We'd try it again since we know people who enjoy going on a regular basis.
5	We love these guys.  Great, great menu, super service and wonderful food.Also very good for kids as it is a busy, bustling place.  And the bar area is an option if you want to be away from the busier table areas.Servers work as a team.  As orders are ready, someone picks it up and delivers it.  Asking one server a question or making an additional order does get to your "assigned" table server.  They really work well and we are always impressed with their efficiency.Got to try ordering a "hot tea."  Yeah, it is just tea, but the presentation is a surprising special.  Even if you don't like tea you will find how they serve it impressive.Of course, the grilled artichokes with the wonderful aoeli (?) is a must.  For lunch it can be a meal.  Yum, yum.  I used the aoeli rather than the garlicky tartar sauce served with my fish order...it worked well and kissing was still an after meal option.Menu has the regular steaks, chops and fish, but they also have traditional items like meat loaf on a regular basis.  Portions are more than enough and even the sides are special, like smashed red potatoes and the most wonderful brown gravy that comes with the meat loaf.  I would be happy to have a bowl, a large bowl, of smashed potatoes smothered in that brown gravy.  Will add that to my last meal list.And don't get me into desserts!  They are giant-sized, yummylishous waist killers, but well worth the tailoring bills that will follow.  We have not had a bad meal or experience here over the three years we have been.Have tried the downtown location, which is a bit more stark and "cold" feeling than this warm, cozy, romantic Ballentine location...our preference, but what do we know?
1	Joe D.  please contact me about service on 22 Feb.  I can't contact you other than via an update.mitchkotula(at sign)yahoo(dot)com
3	I've had good & bad experiences here, but thought I'd review my most recent visit on Sunday.  I find it very confusing that you are greeted by one server, then someone else brings you the beverages, then another person introduces themself as your main server & then when you need refills, doesn't know what you ordered since they didn't take your drink order & then someone else brings your food. I never leave hungry there; however, this time & ordered the half rack of ribs & received 5 ribs with hardly any meat on them.  The taste was great, but I expected a bit more meat.  Also, it's time to introduce a real kid menu. I counted at least 15 other tables with kids, yet their kid's hamburger & a beverage was $9.00.  That's just ridiculous!  The server was also extremely slow. I never have to ask for beverage refills but did this time.  Also, we knew when she dropped the check that we wouldn't see her again for ages, so we handed her the credit card immediately hoping she would get a clue that we wanted to leave. She wasn't too bright, as we waited another 10 minutes for her to come back.  I would rate this visit 1 star; however, this isn't the norm, so I give 3.
3	131 Main is right down the road from us, so we take out or eat in 2 or 3 times a month. Takeout and dining in are totally different experiences, so I'll break each down for readability.Takeout:You really can't describe takeout without using stingy, bad, or wrong. The portions are consistently 1/2 to 3/4 the size of a dish when you dine in. It's so stingy, it feels like a rip off, especially for the price one pays. They also have a tendency to just get the order plain wrong. It's very hit or miss.Dine-In:The service is good--the waiters know what they are talking about, and food comes out somewhat fast. Food is mostly very good, especially the Thai Steak salad. The chicken sandwiches I've gotten have been bad--the chicken crunches on the inside...gross!131 is very hit or miss, but it's a good place to take a client for a business meeting or to enjoy a date. I would recommend the dine-in, but not so much the takeout.
4	Their lunch/dinner menu is limited to just a handful of items but each one is crafted and compiled wonderfully (dinner menu has just a tab more items).  The quality is superb!  I come here quite often with coworkers and family and they always do a good job.Here is the menu breakdown from multiple visits:1) Cast Iron Cornbread- my absolute favorite appetizer.  This one is baked with chunks of corn and jalapeno served right out of the cast iron pan.  Drizzle honey over your bread slice for a piece of heaven!2) Corn Beef Sandwich- this is my go-to lunch sandwich.  It gets a little greasy and soggy from the slaw, but each ingredient pulls the sandwich together for a unique experience.3) "Awesome" Roast Beef Sandwich- I am impressed at the simplicity of this sandwich and how it melts in your mouth.  The hot au ju is magnificent- I always want to drink it by itself.4) Thai Style Steak Salad (dinner)- the portion is fairly conservative, but if you want something different then this is definitely a dish you would enjoy.  I like how the random ingredients come together for an Asian fusion explosion.  The mint and mango really freshen up this plate.5) Specials- remember to ask your waitstaff about any specials, especially for Sunday brunch.  I have ordered a variety of brunch specials and everything was delicious, especially their grits!The ambiance is fairly romantic and upscale; also good for business lunch meetings (though it could get semi-loud during lunch hours).  They also have a big bar and outdoor patio area as well.
5	Went back on Sunday & had a fantastic experience!  The food & service was phenomenal! 131 Main is back! :)
3	My wife and I ate at 131 Main last night and I found it, on the whole, and considering the price, no more than fair. The service was quick and efficient. And this, actually, was a problem. It was *too* quick and efficient. I know what you're thinking but bear with me - we placed a drink order. A beer and cocktail and they were both at our table so quickly we wondered if the cocktail was pre-made. Sounds good, right? But everything arrived so quickly after we ordered it. we still had a table full of appetizers and salads when our main courses came out. The pace was way off, and the whole dinner felt rushed. Not, mind you, that any member of the wait  staff made us feel that they were rushing us. I'm not sure if it was because we arrived at 9pm or what but we had stuff piling up in front of us faster than we could eat it. Now. "the stuff". Not a broad beer selection here on tap. Old Meck Copper was the only micro-brewery beer on tap. The Cocktail, one Pama'Tini was sweet, but mediocre. It tasted pretty much like any drink at a daiquiri bar like a Fat Tuesdays or a Wet Willie's - but without the ice or freeze factor. For starters we got Roasted Artichokes, and on a whim, deviled eggs. The roasted artichokes were fantastic. Served 3 to an order, slightly blackened and covered in oil and served with a remoulade.  They were just fantastic once I was given a quick lesson in how to eat them by my wife and another by our server- Don't bother chewing the leaves. Bite them and pull them from your mouth, scraping out the meaty insides. Of course the artichoke heart was perfect and needed no such oral gymnastics to enjoy. The deviled eggs were just deviled eggs. Acceptable, but the homemade ones someone always makes brings to any corporate pot-luck or family get-together are better. After discussing the meal options with our waiter I ordered the Marinated Ribeye, which came up because I mentioned I loved the artichoke's grilled flavor. And my wife ordered the Roasted Chicken. Both served with smashed red potatoes but I opted instead for a side of hand-cut shoestring fries and at the last second added a Cucumber Salad because the waiter's description sounded so good. The Cumber Salad. Cucumbers, onion, and 1 tiny bite-sized tomato (halved) with a vinegar dressing. I thought it was very tasty indeed. The steak was pretty much a failure. Marinated in a sweet soy sauce as the waiter and menu said- but I detected none of the grilled flavor of the artichokes that I had craved. I guess next time I'll get something like their grilled trout or salmon. This would have been ok, really, had the steak actually been good. It was cooked medium-rare as I had ordered, but the marinade was so salty & sweet that to be honest it almost tasted like glazed ham and not beef. Go to any chain steakhouse and have the "Hawaiian Ribeye" or whatever their similar offering is and it will be better than this steak was. So, I didn't like it, that's fine, I ordered it. That's ok. Thank goodness I still had a table full of deviled eggs, cucumber salad, and grilled artichokes to eat. Not to mention the side of fries I got and sampling my wife's choices. Oh yeah. The fries... They were great. No joke, some of the best fries I've ever had- maybe a  touch over-salted but awfully yummy. The Roasted Chicken was very tasty and went well with the smashed red potatoes. All dark meat, great demi-glace, yummy also. We really wanted to try the Banana Creme Pie for dessert. But unfortunately - it has peanuts in the crust and I am allergic. Good thing we asked, as this was a surprise. They had 5 desserts available and 3 contained peanuts. My only options were the Key Lime Pie which we were told had almonds in the crust. I'm not allergic to almonds but I didn't want Key Lime. I also didn't want strawberry shortcake. So I was out of luck as far as dessert went. Not really their fault on this one. So. To recap:Great artichokesGreat friesGood chickenGood cucumber saladAverage deviled eggsBad SteakFor the price I thought it wasn't quite good enough. But I could certainly see myself coming back and trying something else or just hanging out around the huge fire-pit on the patio and having a few drinks. They did have an awesome patio.
5	Two words....CRAB CAKES....hell yeah!  They are the real deal as you would expect (99% lump crab meat).  The place is always classy and the bar area is usually very busy on the weekends.  The outside seating is very nice as well and the service has never been anything but top notch.  I've also had the burger with fries, very good as well!
5	Glad I did not have to think about running into Al here (second reason for giving this place another look)!  I had eaten the Ribs before when they first opened and remember them begin tasty and better than most other places.  Since then I have eaten a lot of Ribs, I'm back here to eat them a YES they are Very Good!The Gazpacho is chunkier than most versions, in my estimation it is highly Americanized, still Yummy Yum I would eat this on a boat or with a goat and it is a RED (not green) Gazpacho!  Not a hint of olive oil, nor fennel, nor vinegar (every culture has a different take on it (so I heard). Garnished with a Lime Infused (I guess) Sour Cream.  It gets 5 yelp stars!The Fries are Impressive and make it on my "Lonely Fries" list because they are that good!  Almost as good as "Brick Tops"  Close to five yelp stars!The Bar!  Bars are usually not where I want to eat, nor drink, though I will if no other seats are available and I LOVE Crowds!  Usually Bars, as "furniture" have little appeal unless they are really cool!  131 Main Blakeney has a Bar that reminds me of that  _____     _______, Jack Nicholson "Bar" scene in "The Shinning", so I think that is pretty cool, 5 yelp stars for the Bar!Prime Rib ordered and prepared VERY RARE, completely perfect!  Three way tie with "Epic Chop House" and "Brick Tops"... 5 yelp stars!Babyback Pork Ribs (maybe babyback ribs are always Pork, I'm guessing)... Lean and flavorful!  A VERY close Tie with "Brick Tops"!  5 yelp stars!BBQ Sauce...This is a good one, better than most, probably in my top picks for a BBQ sauce of this kind.  Close to five stars!The Cornbread is an appetizer served in a Cast Iron Skillet (see my photos).  This is a good Cornbread, soft non-grainy texture with Jalapenos, Butter on Top and Broiled until it is almost burned!  This is a preparation I have never seen before.  The flavor was good enough for 3.88 yelp stars which means I'm glad I checked it out though would not order it again! I told my server that I would compare the Burger here to a "Cow Fish" Burger, ooops!  Cow Fish wins by almost two stars... 131 Main 3.2 Stars for the Burger!P&G Slaw... Hated it... Not really and even after we found out it was a Mayonnaise Based Slaw I forgot to tell them to omit it from my order, so I got, I ate it and though I do not like Mayonnaise it was a good Slaw for a Mayonnaise based Slaw!The place looks really great (beats "Brick Tops" for Looks) they have a cool patio and the Service beats almost everyone!  All staff is very personable and one of the Managers made a comment about my photo of the Very Rare Prime Rib making people jealous... Maybe if they like VERY Rare Beef!  You may not want to view this photo...
4	Short review to give praise to the crab cake salad and the key lime pie.  If you're trying 131 Main, both are in the 'must try' category.  You've never tasted pie crust like this - even in your mom's kitchen!
4	Great atmosphere and overall pleasant staff.  I sat at the bar and the bartenders were efficient, just not engaging or conversational.  I had the chips and dip which was fresh and satisfying.  I wasn't extremely hungry so I ordered a side Quinoia Salad and a side of grilled shrimp.  The salad was prepared witha lemon dressing and roasted vegetables.  This was great for a side item.  The shrimp were prepared simply but cooked correctly.  Overall a nice experience.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in CLT.  The appetizers are really the gems here...  Double Dip, Grilled Artichokes, and oh my... the Smoked Salmon... simply Amazing!  Entrees are typically above average and service is on par.  Nice atmosphere and great for a nice evening out!
3	Our eternal search for stand-out gluten-free dining brought us to 131 Main and while there were some bumps in the road, it was a pretty solid experience.  Fair warning, though, on a Saturday evening it is LOUD.  I'm talking order a glass of ice water or you will walk out with a raspy voice LOUD.  Salad: the ginger dressing had a nice little kick (gluten-free) and the creamy garlic was stellar (not gluten-free)Mains: the ribs were fall-off-the-bone good, although a little too saucy (gluten-free), the prime rib was the winner of the table (not gluten-free) with the cedar plank salmon coming in a close second (gluten-free).  The crab cakes were good at first bite but proved to be too salty to finish (not gluten-free).Sides: Shoestring french fries were classic (gluten-free), the coleslaw was fine (gluten-free), the smashed potatoes were solid but too much when accompanied by prime rib (not gluten-free) and the seasonal vegetable - asparagus - was very well prepared although we couldn't figure out why they felt it necessary to add breadcrumbs (also rendering them not-gluten-free).The 'team' approach to service was a little frustrating with meals arriving at different times, the wrong items going to the wrong people (not to beat a dead breadcrumb, but that is problematic when dealing with dietary allergies) and a glass of wine arriving after the check was presented.Overall, worth going back to, but maybe at a less hectic hour...
4	I recently had lunch at 131 Main and the Reuben sandwich was the best I've had in Charlotte in the 14 years I've lived here (and that's saying something, as I'm from New York City where we can find lots of places serving great Reubens). This is a really nice place for lunch. And not to be forgotten... the key lime pie. Out of this world!
4	The other reviews sum it all up, its a great place to eat.  A little bit pricey, but worth the cost in quantity and quality.  The crab cakes are actually great, hard to say in these parts.  The meatloaf was also very rich and tasty, as is the cornbread.  The staff was very knowledgable about the menu and prompt in their service.
4	My friend had the grilled artichokes and they were awesome... wish I had ordered them too! Also got their cornbread which was moist and delicious with green peppers (not spicy).  Their black eyed peas came in a creme sauce with bacon (I think) and were also scrumptious. The service was spot on. A nice atmosphere as well, but a bit noisy.  It was too cold to sit outside but the outside fire pit looked really inviting.  Definitely worth a try.
4	Where to start . . . GREAT food, fun atmosphere, beautiful outside dining, great service, affordable specials.  The cornbread . . . OH MY GOODNESS!! This is a must!  Worth waiting in line for!
4	I used to go to 131 Main when it first opened at this location many years ago and grew tired of it.  The menu was stale in my opinion and I had other options.  Fast forward to Thursday and I had to pick a place for a business meeting with 2 out of town guests.  I forgot to make reservations because of the days events and found myself calling ahead about an hour before I needed to meet my colleagues.Phone was picked right up by a friendly hostess and was told that they stop taking reservations for the same day at 4:00 (Crap) but would put me down for call ahead seating.  She then explained to me what that meant and off I was to the restaurant, early so we didn't have to wait that long.I arrived and saw the typical, dreaded, Ballantyne crowd that I believe rivals Wal Mart the hour before the doors open on Black Friday.  I checked in and received the pager.  Sat down and pulled out my Smartphone, no sooner than my Facebook pulled up the pager was buzzing, hot dog I only waited about 5 minutes!Greeted by Cole, our server who was great.  He wasn't overbearing and allowed us time to discuss our business while we ate our appetizer.  He wasn't pushy at all and showed up at the right times.Started with the smoked salmon appetizer.  It was heavy in smoke flavor and was served with toast and a nice spread.  Very well done.  I'm not a huge fan of salmon but this dish made a believer out of me.  I will order it again.I ordered the special which was a 10 Oz ribeye and crab cake.  Quinoa Salad as a side.  The steak was cooked perfectly and again over hickory wood and had a very nice, light smoke flavor in the background.  Crab cake was a nice balance of crab and filler and served with a stone ground mustard sauce that was a perfect accompaniment to the dish.  Quinoa Salad was different but light and refreshing.All in all, this restaurant has made it back into my Ballantyne rotation and I recommend it to anyone who is looking for a great meal at a decent price.
2	I've been here many times because its close to where I Live.The menu is stale and the same old thing.The food is pretty good (nothing special)But is definitely overpriced.Good luck
5	The dishes at this fresh restaurant are not very fancy but everything is delicious.  The wait staff is kind and courteous.  If you have the slightest concern about your food they not only take it back, they make it right.  While the options are not very elaborate or fancy, I could eat here every week, and I have for 7 years now.  This place is a keeper.
2	We went this past Wednesday for our company's annual Christmas Dinner - Third year in a row we had chosen 131 Main but probably the last.  Partly due to location, partly due to wanting to do something different and partly due to service and quality of food for price offered.  Our waitress was exceptionally pleasant with a terrific personality.  But, she was also quite forgetful.  We had a party of 7 and my wife and I arrived about 20 minutes after the rest of the group due to traffic issues. Water had already been served to the other 5 folks.  When we ordered our drinks, we also requested water.  The water never came.  When I ordered a 2nd beer, the waitress forgot and I had to remind her.  When the entrees arrived, my order omitted the mashed potatoes so I had to ask her to bring.  Another member of our party requested bread for the table when the entrees were served.  The bread never came.  After we were done with dessert, I requested a box from another employee for the balance of our key lime pie.  (Very big piece by the way).  When our waitress came back, I told her I was waiting for a box.  She said "I'm sure its on the way."  About 5-10 minutes later, she came back and I asked again for the box. This time, it came.As to the food, most of our party was satisfied with their entrees.  One person ordered the ribeye and they commented - nothing special.  They actually said "Outback has a better ribeye."  My wife had the shrimp and grits and loved it.  The apps ordered were cornbread and deviled eggs.  Both excellent.  Key Lime pie we shared was also very good and more than enough for two.  Our 16 year old got to enjoy the rest when we got home.No manager stopped by the table to ask us about dinner/service.  In a restaurant like this, I am accustomed to a manager doing that.  If 131 reads this, I suggest you make that standard practice - especially for groups of our size.As we left, the hosts at the front said nothing to us - no "thanks for coming in", no "have a happy holiday"...
3	Well I ate here twice and enjoyed both times I came here. I love there double dip and corn bread.  Also always get the cajan pasta which is a joy.  I wish they have more entrees to offer but its just a limited selection.  The crab cakes are the worst though had to send them back.  As a true Marylander I know what crab cakes should taste like and they were off by far.
3	I have mostly been to 131 Main for lunch or during off hours while shopping on a Saturday afternoon.  While pricey the food has always been very good.My experience this past Friday night has led me to write a review.  I recognize the faster tables are turned over the more money the establishment makes but I should not be rushed when me and my guest are spending about  $150 for a meal and drinks. In no way did we feel welcome to linger over the meal.  We didn't have our entree for 5 minutes before being asked whether we wanted dessert.  The checking in by the wait staff made it very clear they wanted us too wrap up our meal including no offers for a new drink.Again the food is great but the rush job was incredibly frustrating. Unless I go off hours where I can comfortably sit in the bar area I will go elsewhere for a nice meal.
4	Inexperienced hostesses. Not a great way to start off ! Food was very good!Artichokes are always amazingStephanie (waitress) very goodWine very good
1	I rarely write bad reviews - but tonight we had a reservation for 6 for my friends birthday at 7:30.  All six of us arrived about 10 minutes early and we were told it would be just a few minutes.  By 7:40 they told us that they were cleaning off the table and it would be just another moment.  By 7:50 they told us that the previous diners were still at the table and they couldn't give us a time.  By 8:15 (still not seated) two of us had to leave because we had to work and there was no way would would be seated and eat by 9 - all in all, very very very poor management.  I will never go back here and would be hesitant if you make a reservation with them - what is the point of a reservation if you have to wait an hour?
3	Had lunch on Tuesday, not very crowded, which is surprising. Wife had the Ahi tuna salad and I had the grilled chicken sandwich with a side Caesar salad. At $17 for the Ahi salad we were expecting a bit more, not so much in quantity, but in the way it was prepared. It was not inspiring or anything to speak about.  Grilled chicken sandwich was fine as was the side salad (BTW I had to remind them that I had not received it yet). Service has always been professional and friendly. Our server, Angie was very personable. I suspect because they weren't that busy the servers had more time to spend with patrons.
5	We came here for my husband's birthday lunch with his parents and Grandma. We were seated near the kitchen around 1 and greeted by our waitress Cassie with a smile on her face. I really like the fact that they offer both Pepsi and Coke because it pleases everyone at the table. We ordered the cornbread in a cast iron skillet with honey. It is wonderful! I don't even eat cornbread, but I will take down half of more of this cornbread because it is that good. My husband ordered the wedge salad which, during this visit, he told me is the best salad he had ever had. I ordered the corned beef and swiss sandwich with hand cut fries, and he ordered the chicken sandwich. Now, I'm not a corned beef expert, so I wasn't aware that the cooking time was medium rare. The meat had a really good taste to it, it's just cold meat is not my thing. I asked Cassie if she could just throw it in the microwave, really no big deal at all. But she was very apologetic, like they did something, which they did not, I'm just particular (picky *gasp*). After about 5 minutes the manager came over and apologized as well, really it was not a big deal, just not my thing. When I did get my new hot sandwich out, they also gave me brand new fries. It was excellent! Two thumbs, and eight fingers up, it was great. Cassie was very attentive, as well as the rest of the wait staff. I may drink water like a camel, so I run out really often. I never ran out of water.At the end of our meal the check came, and my meal was comped. Blew my mind. What turned into something that I felt I should have actually read the menu for, was a great gesture on their part. A little thing like that and we will be patrons over and over again. I really applaud this establishment, and we will be back for many more brithdays to come.
5	I love this place - I've been wanting to try it for a while.  I went here for lunch and the food was great!  We got the "double dip" for our app - it's a cold queso/guac combo with tortilla chips - so yummy!  I ordered the Maryland Crab Cakes w/a side of red cabbage with goat cheese crumbles on top.  Everything was spot on in this dish!  Our waitress was super friendly and attentive.We decided to see what dessert was like and ordered the brownie.  It was one of the best brownies ever!  It was topped with vanilla ice cream and it was really perfect.  The prices are really reasonable for the quality of the food they give you along with the top notch service.
1	Not happy with our Mothers day visit. We were told 15-20 minutes to be seated. After 40 minutes without being paged, we asked the receptionist who informed us she wasn't sure why, but our name was already crossed off the list. After we were seated we waited 10 minutes to be seen by a server and then she only came back to the table after we were finished with our appetizer and dinner to deliver the check. Very disappointed overall.
5	I have only been here for dessert, but dessert cannot get any better than 131's Banana Cream Pie. The graham cracker crust has a delicious hint of cinnamon, topped by chunks of dark chocolate, a nice thick banana custard, fresh house made whipped cream, and real caramel and chocolate syrup.  I'm not even usually a fan of banana cream pie, but this one is great!
5	Wonderful service- waitress was attentive and the manager even stopped by a few times to make sure everything was perfect. The cornbread is completely OUT of this world. The chips appetizer is good, but impossible to compete with the cornbread which is worth the entire trip. The banana cream pie is heaven- after a meal you can easily split it with a person or two.. strawberry shortcake is just as good and not as rich. Ahi tuna salad is delicious! Large portion. Most solidly tasty plain burger you will find. Nothing special about the burger, just simple and great!
4	The food was good. The burgers are the best. The wait staff is friendly and efficient. The downside is that they do rush you. Also, the prices are too high. I will continue to come back.
4	Went today with the family after church.  There wasn't as many people there as I thought there would be which is fine for me since I'm a big fan of walking right in and sitting down.  We were greeted immediately by a member of the waitstaff who took our drink orders.  They do a good job of waiting on people here and today seemed more like a team approach since we had at least 4 people either taking orders, picking up empty plates, delivering food, etc.... Great service!I had the Thai Steak Salad which was absolutely delicious!!!  Nice chunks of freshly grilled steak, noodles, cabbage all tossed in a great vinaigrette dressing.  One of the best "salads" I've had.  Sweetie had the crab cake which was 90% crab, little filler she had no complaints.Here's a few things I'd improve.  Now, I know this probably isn't a "kids restaurant" but when we walk in with 2 young kids they should have a "Kids Menu" printed to hand to people.  They have a "Gluten Free" menu, why not a kids?  So, after the 3rd server comes over and they just gave us their regular menu which there was really nothing on their that we would order for our kids we finally asked.  The waitress rattled off the 4 or 5 options they had for kids (Penne, grilled cheese, chicken something or other).  Ok, fine that's what we're looking for but would have preferred to have something to look at.  Also, she didn't tell us how much each dish costs (to be fair, I didn't ask).  When I got the check I noticed that each "Kids Meal" was $7.00.  My daughter ate the penne pasta which couldn't have been $1.00 worth of pasta and nothing else, she drank water.  $7.00 is a bit spendy for what she had.  Other similar places in the area give you much more and include a drink and cookie or something.  The value isn't really there.  I wouldn't return with my kids to eat.I'd also do some sort of lunch menu, since they're prices on their regular menu are a bit high IMO.  I have a hard time thinking people would order the Sockeye Salmon for what they charge on a Sunday afternoon (I think $17.00 but don't quote me).  They do have sandwiches and burgers, but a restaurant in this "class" should offer reasonable portions / plates for a little less $$ especially for lunch.Now I'll say this, and I probably have before....they have the BEST Banana Cream Pie / dessert in Charlotte.  If you haven't tried it, I'd make a point to stop by because it is simply awesome.
5	Excellent service and good food. Started with double dip, the (special) artichoke and mushroom soup, then the sirloin with soy marinade and finished with the brownie.
3	Had dinner last night. It's always crowded; I think because it's a one of kind in the area (Firebirds is its chief competition). I will admit they have the best rare roast beef sandwich around, but it's $16. A $14 cheeseburger is very good with fried and cole slaw. It's good and filling. You never get a bad meal here, but it still leaves me wanting more.  They have South Park entree prices for decent food.
4	I just read the stupidest review from someone who was whining about 131 Main not having a kids' menu.  This person even admitted that they knew it wasn't a kid-friendly restaurant.  More whining ensued regarding the pricing of the kids' entrees.  Really?!Next time, go to Applebee's.  131 Main has always delivered great food, and the atmosphere is always pleasant.  Why?  No obnoxious children.  I will frequent 131 Main more often for this reason.
4	Ok. 4 stars for a solid meal. The menu has a little bit of everything, it's a nice setting, the service is top-notch, the beer selection is decent, the desserts are slammin', and that cornbread app is freaking awesome. I enjoyed the grouper and several New Belgium Rangers, but I don't want to spend my time on the food. It's great, so know that. You'll be happy with most everything under this roof. However, I want to spend my time on HOW DARK IT IS INSIDE. I needed my friends to wear bells so we could locate where their table was.Don't get me wrong. I'm not mad at all. I rather enjoyed the setting. I found it so comically dark, though, at our table that I actually used my phone as an added light source for my friend to read the menu, the bill, and even the cards in my wallet. My eyes didn't want to adjust hardly at all throughout the meal. I think all of us commented on how low the lighting was. It was so cozy that I wanted to ask for a few more napkins, kick back at a booth, and take a nap. It really closes you in, too. You feel like you're in your own dining room with nothing but candle light. A nice touch, but you have to be ready for it. With some of the bar staff opening the door to the setting sun, you may feel like a hibernating mammal being rudely awakened. Sunlight, kindly stay out of the dining room. Immensely enjoyed my first visit with 131 and only wish that I had done so sooner.
3	It's good but not as great as it thinks it is. You'll get a good meal but pay 25% too much and its not very memorable. Service was very good and atmosphere is nice but reflects that it is a local chain and is a bit soul less. Food was good but salty and nothing special. I doubt you will have a bad experience. But mine wasn't quite good enough to want to go again.
5	Look, I don't take 5 star's lightly, but the meal, atmosphere, Server, Manager were all contributing factors. Our server last night was Steven who went over and beyond to make sure we had an incredible experience. The Manager, Kurt, was equally friendly checking on us. With 3 kids, its hard for the wife and I to get out, so when we do, we want something special. We have found our new spot. The quality of the food for the price was excellent. My wife had the Trout and I had a the special Wahoo with a butter Crab sauce. Unbelievable. Please also check out the cornbread side and the Key Lime Pie-Wow. Great job 131! We will see you again soon!Jeff L
5	Top notch service and fresh local sourced food, nice atmosphere that is well thought out. Had two business meetings here and one date with my wife, each 5 stars. Don't bring the kids and complain this is not a restaurant you order chicken strips at and certainly no chicken nuggets!
4	Recently moved to CLT from NY and this was one of the first places we tried since its close by. The service was fantastic and the food was delicious. We had the roast beef sandwich and the crab cake salad  which were both really good! We will definitely return.
5	Another trip to visit my friend and again, a trip to this place!  Can't resist the 131 Maniac... One is never enough.... Then onto the soup special, artichoke and mushroom in a cream base which was extremely tasty but also a tad too thick... Almost like a pudding (will admit though it was good enough to take the rest home).  Of course the grilled artichokes were a must and once again, they did not disappoint!  No room for dessert. So we had to take the banana cream pie home for later!!   A great place for dinner!
5	This is one of my "go-to" restaurants when I want to be assured a good meal. I have never been disappointed in anything I've ordered. Service is consistently good - the wait staff don't interrupt  conversations just to ask if everything is OK.  If you haven't tried 131 Main, you should! PS. Save room for the banana pie. Death by dessert.
4	Had dinner last night about 8 pm, surprisingly a short wait for our table. Started with cocktails. My wife loved the Pearfection.  Simple dinner: roast beef sandwich.   Theirs is the best around always rare and tender. I had the 1/2 rack of ribs with a delicious creamy slaw. All food was prepared well. Menu is rather short, but menu items are done well.
5	The Mr. loves 131 Main.  So does the Mrs.We bring out-of-town guests (from NJ, NY, Ohio, Florida) here for dinner.  They also love 131 Main.Love the cast-iron cornbread, drizzled with honey.  Yummy.  Love the rib-eye and the filet mignon.  With a small salad and some mashed potatoes, you don't need much more than that!The service is attentive and friendly.  The ambience is very nice.It is comfortably located at Blakeney on the Ardrey Kell Road side, though parking can be difficult.  (The Mrs. does not feel that the parking situation detracts from the rating, even though it might mean a longer walk.)This place is ALWAYS packed, so we learned to make reservations, ALWAYS.We highly recommend 131 Main at Blakeney (because we DO eat at this location and ENJOY it, a lot!).We have not eaten at their other locations, so can not say what those are like.The Mr. and Mrs. recommend 131 Main, Blakeney (as do their out-of-town guests)..
5	Not only is the food great, but the service is phenomenal. We went here for lunch and got the Thai Steak Salad and Crab Cake Sandwich. All of the waitresses/waiters were extremely nice and all helped out each other on each of their tables. We must have had at least 3 or 4 different waitresses/waiters stop by to refill our drinks, bring us additional sauces and dressing, and take our empty plates away. What was the result? ...Extremely fast service! We will definitely be back again!
4	I'm giving 4 stars to 131 Main for the food and the service.  Both were very good. I just can't see spending that much money for the meal when there are so many good options in Charlotte. To give you an idea - 2 martinis, 1 soda, 1 appetizer, 1 hamburger, 1 fish tacos (3 tacos)  and 1 steak thai salad (which only had noodles, no greens) with tip $95.00.  I know everyone who goes loves the place and the food is good, but why hasn't any said that you are going to be spending some money on your meal (and you are in Blakeney).
2	Less then stellar steak.  Typically the food is above par, but tonight's ribeye was something I expect from Chili's.  Not sure if they have a sub-standard cut of steak for their $69 "dinner for 2" or I just got a really greasy, fatty, overly charred Food Lion steak.
2	This place has really gone downhill. I recently went for lunch with my mom, and she ordered a salad and me the roast beef sandwich.Her salad had a chicken tendon or ligament in it. It was disgusting. When we told the waitress, she was adamant that it was normal. The manager then came out and apologized, but they didn't take it off of the bill. Seriously? That's not how you get me to come back.My roast beef sandwich was very average--not hot, bread not crispy, just average. I could make a similar sandwich at my house for half the price. This place has really gone down in my books. I probably won't be back. Oh well.
4	The food is consistently fresh and very good but the current dinner menu is more like a lunch menu and not nearly as expansive as the previous dinner menus.  With that said, 131 Main is well worth the trip.
4	I love this location. Bar tenders are friendly, attentive and make great drinks. The outside eating area and fire pit outside is a plus. The menu is minimalist but when it's well done it doesn't have to be extensive.
4	Went with wife for date night. Staff was very nice, super accommodating and happy to help. We had the Double Dip app - which is just suped-up pimento cheese and Guacamole with chips - but PERFECT.  I got the Meatloaf with summer squash and a side of Black Eyed-Peas, my wife got the Crab Cake Salad. The food couldn't have been better. This isn't a 5 star type restaurant but we got great treatment and ate excellent food. Period.
3	Came in tonight for a business meeting. Started off with the Tuna and Salmon apps. both highly recommended. Dinner was not accompanied by salad (disappointment..)  had the t-bone non-marinated. Super Fatty!  Flavor was ok but not worth the price. Had much better. Service so so. Nothing to rave about overall. Would I come back ..... Nope. Not worth the $$.
4	we live nearby and this is our "go to" spot when we want good service and good food close to the house. We love the smoked salmon appetizer, as a meal, and the roast beef sandwich is truly awesome, ask for some raw horseradish to kick up the mayo (get both on the side and mix em up!) Not a fan of shoestring fries, so I usually sub them out for their garlicky kale salad. Truth be told, I have done take out before of 3 orders of just the side of kale salad for a full meal! I do wish they would change up their menu soon, while we love the staples we always get, nothing has changed on the menu in quite some time. Their salads are also good, and I think their pricing pretty fair. The only con I have to say is that if you are a small party, and maybe it's just me, but I feel like they really rush you through your meal to turn the table. We prefer to sit at the bar or the booths beside the bar to avoid this rushed feeling.
3	We went here for a friends birthday during restaurant week. It was pretty yummy. I really liked their banana cream pie. The crust was nothing short of amazing. I'd go back again, for sure.
4	Started meal with a more than delicious bowl of mushroom, spinach, and artichoke soup which was absolutely tasty. My entree was the homemade meatloaf which was a meaty delight. Definitely recommend for good service and good food! Deviled eggs!!! 131 Main @ Blakeney
4	131 Main, a nice treat for my birthday dinner. After passing this location multiple times, and seeing the crowd, we had to check it out. We arrived on a Wednesday night at 6:55, without reservations, but luckily got one of the last tables in the dining room. Needless to say by 7:30 the entire restaurant was full and remained that way until we left, and I know why...the food is delicious! I was told to try the grilled artichoke appetizer, OMG, amazing. The grilled flavor was too die for and the mayo dipping sauce is an added bonus. After the appetizer, we decided to share two entrees so we ordered the filet and crab cake special and the cedar planked salmon. The filet, cooked medium, was amazing! One of the best filets I have had in a long time. The crab cake was good, but I have another restaurant favorite so it didn't meet that one, but still good. The salmon was cooked to perfection, however, I did find one bone... I know it happens so I didn't worry and enjoyed it! The sides, mashed potatoes & broccoli all cooked perfectly.As for the dessert, we were full but the waitress expressed the fact it was my birthday and we had to enjoy something so we went with the warm brownie with ice cream. What can I say, another to die for item on the menu, a warm brownie, topped with peanuts, caramel, hot fudge and ice cream....a true dessert treat! I cannot wait to get back, because the baby back ribs looked and smelled delicious, my next visit I will order!
3	Went last night. Friendly servers, food is fair. For the price  there are better restaurants. Everything over seasoned and  not even a piece of bread while waiting.
5	My wife and I had an outstanding anniversary dinner at 131 main last night.  I had the ribs and she had the salmon.  Both were exceptional.  I highly recommend the outside porch.
1	Average...dry salmon, regular sides..nothing great. But gotta live with what's around in Lkn.
4	The food was great, the people very nice, accommodating, and make you feel right at home. We usually go to a new restaurant when we read the reviews and I agree with all the other reviewers that this was nothing less than 4 stars. They have what I would have to call a 'romance package' with two entrees, bottle of wine and dessert. This is a place we've been before and we will surely go again.
3	Dinner June 11  This is a very classy, upscale type place that I had very high hopes for, but unfortunately I cant give more than an average rating.   Here's what I liked:   - The ambience   - The wait staff - very attentive and friendly   - Grilled Flounder was cooked and seasoned perfectly   - The accompanying Aioli with the Trout was fantastic   - The Meatloaf was unique tasting with a nice crispy crust and tasty center   - Cornbread appetizer was very large and was pretty good   - Homemade Creamy Garlic salad dressing was outstanding!  Here's what I didn't like:   - Appetizers were few (need more variety and offerings)   - Double Dip appetizer - Pimento Cheese was not mixed thoroughly as every bite seemed different - either overly flavorful or just bland!    - Tortilla Chips just didn't seem a good pairing with the Pimento Cheese. Chips were good with Guacamole, but think a pita chip or some type cracker would of been better.    - In the side salad the red cabbage was so bitter that it over powered every bite I took and made the salad almost inedible - dressing was great    - I ordered Trout and it just came out on the plate, with no side or anything accompanying it.  When I asked, the waitress was like oh yeah, it should come with rice or broccoli.  Shouldn't someone of noticed just a piece of fish alone on the plate before it was sent out?    - The person that ordered Meatloaf asked for Fries (not mashed potatoes) and his plate arrived with the Mashed.  Informed waitress and  he eventually got a side order of fries.   ++ that's 2 orders out of 4 that came out wrong!  At a restaurant like this that shouldn't happen.     Yes I would go back at some point, but there are many places I want to try before I give them another chance.
5	The main event is big time.  Give it a try and you won't leave disappointed nor hungry.  The specialty drinks are awesome too.  The Mr Tea and Prickly Pear are both really good.  Great place and will be back for sure.
5	I like everything about 131. The staff are friendly and knowledgeable, and the food is always good. And very good pie!
5	Not many places have artichoke hearts on their menu 131 Main are the best!! I have to say in the world because I've never had them anywhere else. Except at home. Sorry Mom. ..................................
3	I would love to upgrade my review and may soon. I've eaten here a dozen times and have never had stellar food. I'm a big appetizer fan but 131 Main obviously is not. They have 6. One is deviled eggs (is it Thanksgiving dinner at my Aunt's house??). Then there's cornbread (no, I want an appetizer not something I get for free at the local diner...). Smoked salmon and seared tuna?? Hmmmm, no really where are the real appetizers?! They do have a mean cheese dip (you can keep the green snot....guoc!) but really that's pitiful!I am still looking for that great entree...had a filet here once and it was decent but not worth $30. The smashed reds were terrible. Zero flavor! Like, add some milk and butter possibly some salt and pepper....anything???Incredible ambience (view) but could not be louder- bad acoustics...I can't hang my hat on mean cheese dip...please get better 131 MainLastly....they have a roast beef sandwich some people rave about....I would rave about it as well if it included CHEESE! Seriously, what roast beef sandwich that you dip in "Ju" has no cheese??? It's not American and quite frankly embarrassing....
5	EXCELLENT!!   The smoked salmon app was some of the best I have ever had! Very moist and cooked perfectly but with the right amount of smokey flavor. I have the filet and crab cake special with red mashed potatoes.   The filet was cooked perfect at med rare but the outside was seared to perfection.   The crab cake was also done perfectly with huge lumps of crab meat and little filler. Lastly, the mashed potatoes were thick and very flavorful. You know your dinner was great when the mashed potatoes are the worst thing on the plate !
5	131 Main is one of my favorite Charlotte restaurants! The service and food are impeccable. I have never had a bad experience at the restaurant and feel like the staff truly make the evening enjoyable.
5	My favorite ahi salad lives here. Tuna is perfectly cooked. Salad greens are super fresh and the mango on the salad adds the perfect amount of sweetness!
4	The food is awesome, the portions are huge, the wine is reasonably priced, what more can you ask for?It is sometimes a wait for a table, but my wife and I usually sit at the bar and dine with no wait and it is perfect.Get the chips and dip to start, the meatloaf never dissappoints, and the seafood is always a winner!
2	Getting Run Down and Smells!   Have gone to this 131 Main since it opened and have loved it for years.  As with any restaurant, hotel or business, at some point things need to be renovated.   Time to put some of all that money we spent back into the freshening up the restaurant.   It smells and tables, seats and restaurant in general showing its age.   The table we sat at last month was pealing all over the top and was  scratched up.   VERY DARK LIGHTING CAN'T COVER IT UP ANY LONGER!   I was embarrassed as we brought 2 couples who commented on it.    Also, with changes in management we had the worst service (first time we had bad service there in 8 years) we've ever had.   Get your act together 131 Main!  Don't rest on past success and renovate for the future!!!
5	Just hands down, all around excellent in all regards... Food, service, ambiance. This is my favorite restaurant in Charlotte. It reminds me of a restaurant called Houston's that I used to frequent in Boca Raton. Also, a lot like J. Alexander's but will BETTER food.
4	Always good, always dependable.  The veggie burger is the best ever.  Frys are thin, crisp, and delicious.  Really good kale salad.
5	This place is phenomenal! We've loved everything we've tried there - shrimp & grits, trout, crab cakes, specials, etc. The cornbread app is a must with every meal. Service is always amazing too. This is a regular spot for date nights & business dinners.
5	On my last visit to Charlotte I was only there for 3 nights. Two of those three my husband and I had dinner at 131 Main...My first visit early on a Wednesday evening. My husband prefers to eat at the bar because he likes to watch sports on the televisions and he has obviously been there often based on the fact that his name was called (much like Norm's on Cheers) when we entered the bar.It is a very pretty, upscale restaurant with very friendly staff... Erin and Cindy were behind the bar when we arrived and Lauren took over for Cindy during our visit. These ladies are all friendly, funny and unflappable!Even when we threatened to kidnap Erin and force her to live in our basement and make us her delicious margaritas, her only concern was if she would get to share them with us! LOL!I had the filet with smashed red potatoes and the filet was awesome and cooked to the temperature that I ordered. I fell in love with the buttery, delectable potatoes! And although I hate to admit it, when I saw the generous serving of potatoes, I was sure that I would not be able eat them all, BUT I DID!!! (Needless to say, I was miserable after - but it was worth it).My husband had soup (which I did not try, but he said it was delicious) and cornbread. Now I noticed that one Yelper mentioned that he could get cornbread free at a local diner and why would he order it here... It tells me that he obviously has not tried the cornbread here... It comes piping hot and delicious in it's own little skillet and I have NEVER had cornbread that is so delicious! If he knows of a local diner that is giving this stuff away for free, I would DEFINITELY be their best customer!The friendly and attentive bar staff combined with great food and drinks won me over and we ended up spending the following evening back at 131 Main. There was a new lady behind the bar and it was almost 9:00pm on a Thursday, so there was no one else at the bar, which I would have credited for the excellent service if we had not had the exact same type of service the evening before when things were crowded.This time we ordered the Danish ribs to share and I am pretty sure someone was playing a harp in the background every time I took a bite! They were tender and scrumptious! I ordered more of the smashed red potatoes, rather than the fries because I figured if I was going to have to wear pants with rubber in the waist for the rest of the week anyway, I might as well enjoy some more of their buttery goodness!I have no doubt that this will be one of the places we visit when I make my final move to join my husband in Charlotte.
2	Food was fairly good as usual. But on this visit, the service was terrible. I was in for a late lunch, around 1:30. The place was nearly empty, and there were many servers just standing around talking. Yet no one came to my table for about 15 minutes! Even if it was the hostesses fault, and she didn't assign a server to me, every single server ignored me sitting there looking around like "Hello??" And even when I did get a server, some 20 minutes after I had sat down, she was terrible. Distracted, inattentive, got just about every little detail wrong with my order.
3	The grilled artichokes, Guac and  crab cakes are a must. Decent sized glasses of wine and good service.
5	Drool drool drool over the grilled arichokes... Had that and a drink.... OMG want more......
5	I was would have given 4 stars only because of a lost reservation. The hostess more than made up for it by giving us a great table. The lighting is dim and somewhat romantic. The food is actually very good. There aren't that many choices on the menu but what they do have they do well. The grilled artichokes are amazing and while some would discount the cornbread appetizer I implore you to try it. Crispy on the outside and soft on the inside with bits of cheese and corn and it's served with warm honey! The Filet is cooked to order and each member of the party ordered different and all  can exactly as we wanted. Hailing from one of the food havens of the world (California) this restaurant is a true gem. I will for sure be returning.
4	My husband and I love this restaurant. The food and service is always on point. I enjoy the ambiance, but I'm certain days I wish it were a little brighter.
