5	I have been here a few times but have to remember to come here more often. I LOVE it! I've never made it past the refrigerated and prepared foods section, but who needs to! You can find everything you need right there. The meat section is beautiful to look at, they have a whole section of prepared heat and eat dinners, side, soups, sauces etc. grab a premade one or grab a few ingredients and make your own! My favorite so far would be the Tub of Alfredo sauce, package of fresh pasta, and package of chicken breast strips ..YUM! Dinner in 20 anyone? ;-)Their Tomato basil soup is Amazing too!! I scored dinner for 3 last night for ......$7!!!! 2 packages of their heat and eat mac and cheese and 2 packages of Tilapia, all ready and in about 10 minutes! Seriously if you are trying to save money and still want to eat good, fresh and easy food then this your place!
5	so check it out: they have these prepackaged meals in the back that you just pop in the microwave and BAM!, there's dinner. well I'm not one to sacrifice on taste so I was really thrilled with the chicken masala.  4 and a half minutes later I was eating some pretty tasty lunch, and it only cost 479 or whatever (if I were literate I would have read that if I purchased three there would have been a 20% discount).Also tasted the bacon and cheese quiche, not microwaveable but really exceptional.  My good man dallas g. bought two types of hummus, both largely satisfactory and more!  (spicy jalapeno hummus and roasted red pepper hummus...)But on the way home, we passed this guy in a late-model convertible mustang, top up, windows closed, wearing his fuck-me sunglasses and smoking a cigar?!?!  So I take away one star for that because any business situated this close to that type of douchebaggery needs to be smacked down, and smacked down hard.  I am quite certain that were we able to see the whole wardrobe there would be socks with tevas going on down below.  Or crocs.  same diff.But I add one star back for the fact that you can pretty much get any bag of veggies and just pop them in the micro for a nice steamed side dish, or all their meats that look good, or the fact that capn crunch was the first thing I saw on the way in.  It's all good, after all.
5	Some would wonder why bother to review a chain?  Well each store is different from the other and it largely depends on the managment and the employees.  Sure most Fresh & Easy stores have the same things.  They have great, fresh prepackaged meals.  They have daily specials.  They have veggies or fruit for 98 cents....yes, that's what I said....98 cents!  They also have a case full of things that need to be sold or they will be past their freshness date so they mark them down for quick sale.  Score if you are needing something quick for that very evening!  And their prices are lower than Fry's, Safeway, Basha's or just about anywhere else.  I once purchansed two weeks worth of food for $35 at Fresh and Easy.  Most everything I bought was on sale or just darn cheap!!  Their gallons of milk are only $1.98!  You can't beat that!  This particular Fresh and Easy is just up the street from my house.  It's always clean and well stocked.  The employees are friendly and helpful.  So if you're in the neighboorhood and need something, even bringing some beer or wine to a friends place, stop in to this Fresh and Easy.  It's a great one in my book!
5	Forget the hassle of Fry's or Safeway....Fresh and Easy is so convenient, inexpensive and has almost everything!  I hate grocery shopping, but I love going to Fresh and Easy.  They have great fresh fruits, veggies and meats.  You can get in and out quickly and avoid the big, full parking lots and long lines.  This is the perfect store for singles our couples because a lot of the foods come in single/double servings.  LOVE IT!!
4	Fresh and Easy is a nice, quick stop for something satisfying to eat. As a general rule, I don't usually do the majority of my grocery shopping here. Their produce seems very overpriced to me and being that veggies are the primary food group for my family, it does not make much sense for me. However, their pre-made meals are great. The soups are delicious and we frequently grab one of their pasta dinners to share for dinner. Their breakfast burritos are also pretty good :) For what it offers, this is a good place to buy your groceries--just don't go into it expecting the variety of goods you may see at Fry's.
3	We like Fresh &  Easy.  We go to three different stores, including this one.  This is probably our least favorite of the three.  It's not bad.  But they don't have a fresh bakery, and their sale prices aren't as good as the other two.  I presume the manager has some control over this, which would explain the difference.But if this is the most convenient one then it's fine.  Their products are generally very good.
4	The short story on F&E and why I shop here:- I can be in and out (when I have my checklist) in less than 10min, no lines, ever!- Open 8am-10pm, so I can go before work or after work and again, no lines- free food tasting in case you're hungry and want to munch on something while you shop- carry these "Eat Well" options that have salmon and veggies and aren't carb loaded- quick lunch spot- "Friends" reward card is easy to earn points and redeem them for grocery credit- their staff is helpful but not annoying- have quite a bit of options and variety considering it's a small grocery space- clearance aisle is kick butt and offers great savings
1	Hate going against the grain because this used to be my favorite "go-to" spot, but I have not seriously felt so unwelcome in a store since they have changed management. I do not know if it is the same employees, new, I smell, or what, but it seems like they are counting the seconds until I leave the store. My line has been "ditched" for when they help you bag groceries the last 3x I've been there.  Mind you, I can put my own groceries in my bag, I have 2 healthy hands/arms, but wow, honestly comical.I have a gift card I am thinking of throwing in the recycle bin, because I really am over it.  Plenty of other stores I'm sure will take my money.  Have a great day! God bless
