5	Great food.  Cooked within your view.  Prices are great (especially for lunch).  I recommend the House Chicken (ask for all white).Pepsi shop.
5	I discovered this place by accident about 3 years ago..  Their price is very reasonable.  The food is excellent.  My favorite is "Yui Shan Spicy Pork" & "House Special Chow Mein".   Once my family was hooked on these, we drive 20 miles just to have it for dinner.      I like them serving in Chinese take-out containers even when I order to eat in the premise.   The food stays HOT until I finish the meals in the container.  This makes the food lot more tastier.    It's good idea.   Good taste Chinese foods with good service and good price.  It's the BEST!!Mike
5	I moved from California in 2006 and found this place a few blocks from my home. In Cali, I was used to finding mom/pop Chinese food places at virtually every other corner....they were always better than those chain fast food Chinese places that one finds everywhere here. So, finding this place was a blessing a nice way to quickly feel right at home!My favorite dish from here is the Orange Chicken. One thing to note about this place, is they cook every dish, no matter how small right when you order. Their slogan is gourmet Chinese food! And you can tell everything is cooked fresh. The Orange Chicken has actual orange slices in it, along with some red chili peppers, no worries, they are pretty dry, so none of the seeds actually get into the Orange Sauce.  I have had just about everything on their lunch & dinner menu, and you cannot go wrong with anything from here.For lunch they have small bowls starting @ $3.49 and bigger size at $4.49. Add a .99 cent drink, you are set. When I worked at American Express, we would order from here at least once a week, and they have delivery within a certain radius and purchase minimum. Overall, I love this place! Anyone that comes visit and is in the mood for Chinese food gets taken here. It's a fast food place but OMG their food and prices are amazing!
5	Randomly stumbled upon this place.  It is small, somewhat clean, nice, random customers, and attended by people with a distinctly noticeable accent.  Everything I've been looking for, since i moved back from the Bay Area, in a Chinese restaurant.    The Servings where big and the prices where cheap.  Everything i ate was delicious.  I cant wait to come back and try other things on their menu.  Almost as good as my Bay Area favorites.
5	Chinese food that's cheap, fast, and good.  What else could you want?  Turns out... this place was right next to my chiropractor that I've been seeing for over a year and I smelled the chinese food and was aching for it, so I mentioned it to one of the people in there, and they were like "Duh, Jess... it's right next door".Whoops... blond moment.  Or maybe a blond year?They actually offer Wor Wonton Soup!  Yay! I enjoyed it... they put some good meat in it.  I don't know what it is though about chinese places... they make this stuff so hot it melts the styrofoam cup and cap to take it home!  They luckily wrapped it in a sack, so it didn't leak or anything, but it was disturbing.I also had the curry chicken.  Yummy... not that spicy though, but enough to satisfy my curry craving.
4	Our family's go-to Chinese take out in the NW Valley. It's fast, authentic, cheap and delicious.The small Hot and Sour soup $3) was large and filling, but be careful you don't burn your mouth gulping it down.The crispy fried duck was delicious when coupled with the spicy sauce. The Chicken and Veggies was a bit over-sauced even though I asked for light sauce.I wish there was a no-sauce healthier option. Healthy Chinese food isn't easy to find...Anyway, the food is always satisfying for the family and the wallet!
5	This place is awesome!!  Saw good reviews on Yelp, so we gave them a call.  I'm not really into Chinese food, but have LOOOOVED every dish I've gotten here.  Even as leftovers.  I've stuck to the shrimp menu so far and can give 5 stars to their Cashew Shrimp and Shrimp with Snow Peas.  My husband tried the Kung Pao Chicken, which he liked a lot, and the House Chicken, which he said was just 'good'.  Cashew Shrimp has a tasty sauce and water chestnuts - yummy.  I wanted more veggies with my dish this time, and the Shrimp with Snow Peas delivered.  Snow peas, bamboo shoots, carrots, mushrooms, and good-sized tasty shrimp - oh, my!Super cheap, super fast (avg. 20 min delivery), and suuuuper tasty!!!!
3	Mediocre Chinese food but incredibly cheap. Huge portions. Zero decor, get your food to go.
5	I love lovelove Chen Wok! Amzing food, and service is fast. I eat there all the timeand they have only messed up my order once, by giving me the wrong kind of rice and had it fixed in a few minutes. There delivery is really fast also. My favorite dish is Sweet and Sour Chicken w white rice.
4	Pork Chop Suey. Simple, Delicious.
1	After reading the reviews my husband and I were up to trying Chen & Wok.  Unfortunately we left over 3/4 of our food in the trash.We had Egg Flour soup, Crab Puffs and Chicken with Broccoli.  The soup had almost a chemical taste to it...and the crab puffs were 99% creme cheese with scallion, no crab.  At first I was hopeful when tasting the chicken with broccoli, until my second bite was ALL grissley-crunch and it wasn't the broccoli.  We ate over lunch and spent about $13.50.  I now wish I had twice that amount back because I was not able to finish my afternoon...I'm home with a terrible stomach ache.
4	This place is really nothing to look at but the good thing is that the food is pretty decent for the price and portion.  I ordered a small mongolian beef for lunch with a hot and sour soup.  The lunch portion was pretty big and the soup was easily enough for two.  The great thing was that I had enough for the lunch the next day!  This place is near work and is pretty reasonable so I will probably go there again when in need of chinese food!
1	I used to go to this location at least 3 times a week...then one day...the soup tasted like the smell of the bathroom...I stopped going for a long time then a co-worker wanted to go there....ok, let's give it a try, I thought.I'm not going to get this place into too much trouble saying what I really want to say...but the health inspectors need to visit...ick.  (it involves lots of bugs that can survive a nuclear explosion)I can't believe this place has almost 5 stars. Crazy.
4	I like this Chen & Wok more than the 7th street location. My grandmother ordered probably a dozen different dishes from here for a big last-minute family lunch. We stopped in and ordered it to go. It was a slow Sunday, and we walked out with our food maybe 15 minutes later. The egg foo young was my favorite. The gravy was flavorful (MSG, no doubt) and the egg was perfectly seasoned with just the right texture. The House Chicken was another standout. I'm also a sucker for the crab wontons. I know there's like, a spec of imi-crab in each, but I could eat cream cheese by the spoonful so I'm not complaining.All in all this Chen & Wok serves up good, artery-clogging Chinese food that's cheap and filling.
4	Chop suey is my go-to here. Recently tried the "House Special" version and was really, really happy with both the size and number of shrimp included, along with at least 2 meat ingredients and a few snow peas, plus veggies of course. Try it.  Service here has always been pleasant, to friendly.
1	chen&wok is simply bad fast food chinese...no ambience....with a  horrible little chinese woman who takes orders and gives nasty looks and no customer service at all!dont ever ask for anything like a plate or box to bring home leftovers or she will treat you like you are asking for the world!the food isnt very good...the soup was aweful!my rule of thumb is to always try a place twice...just to be sure it was not an "off" day...as we all have them...but this time....i am going against my own rule and wont ever go back!!the kratchity old chinese woman can stick that in her fortune cookie and eat it!
4	friendly staff and great prices !!
2	Below average Chinese food. Chow mein was very greasy., sweet and sour pork was honestly just yucky. Their Mongolian beef was decent, but it's 5% beef with the rest being greens.Only been here once and not going back.
3	My rating is mostly for the service, which was incredibly friendly :).  However the way the food is setup is like a buffet style but they dish it out for you is cheesy and cafeteria like.  And, as always with that style, you're never really sure how long that food has been sitting there.  We had the teriyaki chicken with white rice and it looked delicious but the sauce was so unbelievably plain that it was not good at all.  Egg rolls were average.  Maybe if they have something like General Tsao's (which I didn't see on the menu) I would try it.
2	The food here is not good. I have been here three times hoping the food would improve, but they have yet to impress me.I gave them 2 stars for the fried rice, which is not bad at all. Phoenix lacks good Chinese food.I have yet to find a place that stands out. Either the fried rice is decent, and the meat is not. Vice versa
1	Me and my family ordered food for delivery from here this past weekend. And it was horrible. The teriyaki chicken was fatty and grisly. The chicken in the chicken chow mien was rubbery from I guess being boiled and was bland. The egg rolls were not impressive at all. Will not be going back.
3	8/7/13 This location now closed.
4	Food preparation has changed since my last review.Chen & Wok is one of my favorite chinese spots.I do work close to the location, which I come here at least twice a week.
5	Doesn't get much better a far as takeout goes. Chicken fried rice is the best around, lemon chicken and house special chicken are also standouts. I have been here several times and food is always hour and delicious and service is great. Highly recommended.
