5	First of all, you guys need to refer to the one and only pic of the lady doing a mamo. Freakin hilarious! My situation was an x-ray follow up for kidney stones that had to be removed because it was lodged in my kidney. I showed up at 7 am as a walk in expecting the worst because an appointment by it self usually takes time. I was pleasantly surprised when they called me up at 7:45. Now what happens next was not a pleasant surprise. More of a wait, what? I was told I had to get fully naked and put on a hospital gown. They said it was ok for me to keep my socks on. Another head scratcher. Imagine going to a toga party.......commando style! So I lie down and get my x-ray done. The x-ray chick was kind of hot so as a guy I couldn't help but think of an x-ray toga party with a happy ending. Anyways, it was over before the thought could even be put into motion in my head. I was out by 8:15. Awesome!Update: The one pic I was referring to has been removed. Why, I don't know. Thought it was hilarious.
5	I came here for a CT scan with contrast. I have had this test done twice before but not at this practice. Overall they did an excellent job. They were ontime with my appointment time, made sure that my labs were ok so that the dye did not mess me up internally, and the test itself was good. I have done the test before where I felt like I was going to ralph. This time I had no problem. The techninitions were friendly and made me feel comfortable.
5	I come here many times since 2011, has friendly staff and very clean facility. Plus, you can choose what radio station you can listen to on the headphones during MRI service.
1	My issue pertains to their terrible customer service in the billing department. Too bad I can't give negative numbers... Long story short referred by a doctors office; the staff in Steinberg were friendly processed timely and felt comfortable during my experience. Following appointment I began to receive billing statements and when contacting billing department I was informed not to worry because the insurance was going to cover... 2 years later, over $500 deducted thanks to me holding most accountable- there's a balance and still account in collections, fighting the issue because it's the principle of the matter. Reasoning for the balance is because I never paid the amount when they sent the original bills prior to collections and these are the "late payments" calculated. Wish I could say more however my level of irritation with the battles I've been going through well- there's just not enough space on yelp- Final Thought... Don't go there if u absolutely don't have to.
3	About 20 minutes late starting my MRI but the tech was very friendly and helpful. The tech would've received 4.5 stars herself but the actual location is about 3 stars due to age, condition and not being very timely.
1	** UPDATE**Below you will see that Steinberg Diagnostics has responded that someone will be in touch with me. The woman who reached out to me from the center was the very same woman from the Green Valley Location that was abusive to me. NOT the way to solve the problem Steinberg.I have now been to two separate Steinbergs. I went to the one in Summerlin first and the tech was brash, explained none of the procedure and was condescending when I was scared or concerned. I left in tears and decided it was just one tech so I wouldn't complain.I had to have a second cat scan today and chose the Green Valley location to avoid the previous tech and this one was even more crass and actually argumentative with me. I have just recently gotten ill. I have found that across the medical field so many genuinely warm and compassionate people. I can not say the same about the Steinberg technicians.I am not sure what sort of training these people are given or perhaps the company is so difficult to work for that their frustrations are vented on the patients but it's really sad."How we treat the vulnerable is how we define ourselves as a species". The Steinberg tech truly defined themselves.
1	Steinberg staff was extremely rude and unprofessional. They were incapable of working with a relative of mine when we arrived a few minutes late due to traffic. We notified them beforehand and they gave us the run around which escalated into insolence. It was impossible for us to reschedule because we moved to another part of town and that was the only day we were in that area. The purpose of this appointment was a routine mammo. Our experience was anything but; the technician reeked of alcohol, was incompetent (e.g. hurt my relative's breast during the exam), blatantly ignored patient concerns and questions, and was surly overall. Ladies, you're better off doing a self-exam with this riffraff element on board.
