5	bella is a breath of fresh air.  it's like a cross between a mini neiman marcus, barneys, and nordstrom.  you can always find something worth investing in for your permanent wardrobe but also something completely trendy if that's what you're in the mood for.
5	I have purchased quite a few gift's here, and I will continue to do so.  They have a wide selection of clothing (mens too!) and jewelry and shoes.  They have done a great job of having a wide variety of styles, and looks, and price points.  I hear from people that they think it's a bit pricey.  I am fine with that.  I go to target to buy cheap stuff, I go here to get nice stuff.My only issue with this place is that there staff do not quite know what to do when guys come it, as it is always mostly women.  They are helpful, but a bit unsure when guys come in.After writing this review I remembered that they also had a home store in Urbana that they combined with the clothing store.  I got my mother a bracelet there before they closed.  She absolutely loved it, and wore it often for about a week.  Then it broke, and all the crystals came off the metal wiring.  She took it back to the store and they took it back to the vendor to be repaired.  About a week later she had it on again and was loving it.  Unfortunately about a month after that the same thing happened.  Mom again took it back to the home store and this time she was offered store credit.  Later she was at the original location behind Biaggi's and found a pair of shes she liked.  They were great about it and let her use the credit there.  They also got in touch with the jewelry maker.  They ended up having the bracelet restrung with a different type of cord that is still going strong.   I am glad that I remembered this because there is nothing better then a store that stands behind it's products.
5	This store is really not for me (or my budget) but I like to browse and I have to comment on how helpful the employees are. Each time I go in I am pleasantly greeted and asked if I need any assistance. On one particular occasion, however, Bella employees went out of their way to help me. My mother mentioned that she had found a sweater here that she liked and I had planned on going back to buy it for her. When I finally got around to my return visit, it was gone (downside to only having a few of each item in stock). The salesperson working at the time gave my information to their buyer. The buyer called me back and was able to provide me with the needed information about the sweater. I found it online (for about $20 less) and mom is happy. 5 stars for customer service!
4	Bella Mia's new location houses its great fashion finds as well as home decor items. Though its styles are generally a bit more mature than what a college student would wear, I was able to find a couple pairs of shoes as a college student - it still has something for everyone. The prices are naturally higher than other chain stores, but that should be expected when shopping at a boutique.When I visited for my first time, the staff was incredibly helpful and multiple women helped me find what i was looking for. They offer a great deal of higher-end clothing items that are hard to find in the C-U area. The best part about it for me, which isn't advertised, is that they offer a student discount of 20% (a big deal for a college student)!
4	The women who work there are clever. The one that helped me totally lied about a women's size 11 being "common" and that they were "getting more of those in lately" to make me feel at ease. I didn't know how to react because it was pretty obvious that she wasn't telling the truth..seeing as how all the shoes around me were half my size..haha...But hey, she did help me through a clothing "selection process" and helped me match a top and a bottom clothing article. But those female clerks are like marketing piranhas, I swear, they are clever. After I had completed the outfit and stepped out of the fitting room, they all smiled at me and were saying "ohh, so nice, ohh you look so good, oh , nice colors" etc.Overall, Bella's boutique has a nice and varied selection of clothing. Definitely worth checking out. I've found a couple of "clothing treasures" there that I've never seen elsewhere.
