5	Was part of a wedding here a couple of weeks ago and, I have to say, I was incredibly impressed. Throughout the wedding planning process, this venue was sooo helpful to the bride, never treating her questions as bothersome and almost never answering "no". They offered several opportunities for brides to come with family members and fiances and bridal party members to a sort of dry run of the buffet, so that choosing a menu was based on actual samplings of the food. They also held a mini-bridal expo at the Castle, allowing couples to meet photographers, the DJ and other critical vendors often used by them. During the wedding itself, they were right there, taking away the stress of setting up (Yay!) and attending to the needs of all those involved in the wedding. Shout out to Isabelle and Heather (and another woman, whose name escapes me), who are RIDICULOUS in their awesomeness.Oh! Also, it's gorgeous,gorgeous, gorgeous!!
5	I had my wedding here on the 21st of May, 2011. Many months prior, Laura worked with us on a great price and calmed us when we got too worried about details. They are flexible with almost anything. What a great venue! The food was outstanding! Well worth the money we spent for everything.
1	The place looks beautiful at first glance, but don't look too close! This place is in need of some TLC and perhaps a little bleach and elbow grease. It is not kept up and the kitchen is extremely dirty! There were dead flies everywhere in the kitchen and it looked as if it hadn't been cleaned in months! It's not a place you want to serve food from. The refrigerator was packed with old, moldy food. Who knows how long it was left there. I don't think the floor has ever seen a mop. Completely disgusting. If this place had been a restaurant it would have been shut down. The bathrooms were not clean either. If this is how they take care of the venue, how are they going to take care of the people they rent it to?
2	This was actually the first of many venues visited by myself and my fiance (now husband) for our wedding ceremony.  The photos online look amazing, and we were anxious to visit the property.  We called and made an appointment, and arrived a couple of minutes early.  We stood in front of the open door of the office for nearly 20 minutes, all the while the two employees inside (who could clearly see us) joked and laughed.  We finally stepped out back to take a tour ourselves.  We were not nearly as impressed as we thought we would be.  The place is in need of major repairs, and the attention to detail just isn't there.  The windows looked as if they hadn't been cleaned in a very long time, as they were coated with smears, fingerprints, goop-like substances, and a layer of the desert's dust.  The floor of the main ball room was absolutely disgusting, and the women's and men's bathrooms smelled HORRIBLE (seriously, they smelled like a well-used Port-A-Potty after midnight at an all-you-can-eat deep-fried sausage event).  We were just about to walk out the door when one of the two employees who had been jibber-jabbering in the office came to stop us.  When we told her that it was over 30 minutes past our appointment time and we needed to get going, she inquired as to why we just didn't come into her office and sit down.  Really?  So it's our fault that we didn't begin the meeting on time?  We told her that the place just didn't look how we expected it to look. She remarked that they had had a big event the weekend before, and that the place still hadn't been cleaned.  That might be true, but there were things that looked like they hadn't been cleaned in months!  Further, the "castle" is situated in an industrial area which is currently under construction.  If you're planning an event that does not take place in the evening, construction noise is a very real possibility.
5	Absolutely a storybook wedding!My daughter had her wedding at The Castle and I have to say, from our initial consultation to the minute she and her new husband drove away in their limo, it was a fabulous experience. The wedding consultant was very knowledgeable and offered terrific ideas and special touches to create the most beautiful wedding I've ever attended. She coordinated everything with meticulous attention to detail. I know everyone says there's always a glitch at the last minute, but everything went smoothly. From the beautiful flower arrangements to an amazing catering job, we were impressed.   They recommended a great band and we had most of the 250 guests on the floor at some point. It was so fun!The grounds are beautiful and The Castle offers a rich ambiance that made her wedding seem a little like a fairytale affair.I will never forget the thoughtfulness of the staff, their impeccable communication and their attention to all the details. They had a can-do attitude throughout the planning process and the wedding itself.Our wedding consultant was on-site throughout the wedding, just to be sure things went smoothly.In addition to it being a beautiful, organized venue, it was a value.I highly recommend The Castle for any couple who wants their wedding to have a little magic in it.
5	I had my wedding at The Castle in june and it was so perfect! They helped from start to Finnish and when I needed help and was confused they were right there for me! I definitely felt like a fairy tale princess! Oh and my ceremony was so wonderful! Everything was picture perfect! And my Dj was wonderful they recommend him for you so it's a one stop shop for all of what your looking for! I would tell anyone and everyone to have your event here!! 5+ stars for sure!!!!
5	Attended my brother's wedding here this past weekend. It was just as awesome as my wedding here. Great time. Laura remembered me from the giant cake I made for my wedding. We had a lot of fun. The staff here are very accommodating.
4	Had my wedding here in 2010.  We got engaged in December and thought we'd do a May wedding and looked at a few places, but as soon as we saw Ashley Manor I wanted to hold it there.  It was beautiful.  When I expressed my interest to the coordinator at Ashley Manor she told me that I could get a major discount if I opted to do our wedding earlier than the wedding 'season' at the end of the Spring, like we'd originally planned.  The discount was considerable if we could do the wedding on certain weekday dates in February and we were game, so our late May wedding suddenly became our mid-February wedding.  As you can imagine we were rushing to get things done!  Thank God for the Ashley Manor coordinators, they made it 100x easier than I could have ever imagined!We opted for an all-inclusive package which (in 2010) was almost $10,000, again we got a nice discount because we chose a less popular time.  The package included facility rental, food and drink for 50 people (LUX Catering: three appetizers,  two entrees, one salad, one vegetable, one starch), basic bar service and a bartender, a DJ and Master of Ceremonies for 5 hours, a cake for 50 (Nancy Rae Cakes), ALL of the flowers for the whole event, a security guard, and a choice of linen colors for the tables and a coordinator to make sure the whole thing went smoothly.The good things-The place is very, very pretty, there are a couple of places here and there that could use some minor repairs and updating, but really, this place is pretty.  -Our flowers were amazing!  We ordered blue roses and white Easter lilies.  The effect was gorgeous, and they didn't spray paint the roses, but had them water dyed the exact same color of bright blue that I wanted.  I'm a florist's daughter, and I was impressed.-The cake was beautiful and DELICIOUS.  We ordered a banana cake with strawberry filling and white buttercream icing, piped in a lacy-white spiderweb overlay.  Not only did Nancy Rae not bat an eye when we told her we wanted a 'Corpse Bride' themed cake, she went above and beyond in delivering one!  We had collectors edition Corpse Bride figurines for our cake toppers and the effect was beautiful, creepy and playful. -They had no issues with us doing a candy buffet and happily provided a candy table in the castle turret opposite the cake turret.  We did an assortment of purple, black, blue and green candies and custom message fortune cookies in multi-tiered apothecary jars with blue butterflies and purple and blue dragonflies clinging to the sides, all with monogrammed, white Chinese take out boxes.  It was spectacular.-Additionally, Ashley Manor's DJ was great.  Our ceremony ending song was New Order's-Ceremony and he timed the music to our exit perfectly, and he was actually excited when we told him that our 'Mr. & Mrs. Introduction' song should be the energetic trumpet opening to Oingo Boingo's-Dead Man's Party.  Our first dance was to Blue October's-Calling You and he nailed it.  He only failed us once by using some techno re-mix of Echo & The Bunnymen's-Lips Like Sugar for the cake cutting ceremony, not the original recording.-The LUX Catering food was quite good and we enjoyed everything, and our bartender was friendly and accommodating.  (We brought in our own cases of wine).The not so great things-The coordinators were all very friendly, but they weren't consistent.  We worked with at least 3 different coordinators over the span of about 10 weeks and it was a bit confusing not knowing who was in charge of our file that particular day and having to reexplain the last discussion with the other coordinator to them each time we had a conversation.  The one MAJOR glitch was that we believed that one of the coordinators had offered us two additional appetizers, but the next coordinator would not honor it and claimed it wasn't documented, so we had to pay out of pocket in the last couple of weeks to cover the two extra appetizers.  -We hardly got any prep time before the wedding for photos because we were coming in on the heels of another wedding, because of that we only got a few photographs of the wedding party.  That made me very sad.-Finally, at the end of the event almost NOBODY was still there from Ashley Manor staff for me to ask if there was anyone to help us clean up and pack our stuff.   I didn't know if we were supposed to leave our stuff and get it the next day, or what.  We weren't really told what to expect, and so there I was at midnight, in my gown, trying to pack up my stuff and get ready to leave.  Finally someone told us we could get it in the morning if we got there by 10 AM.  When we got there the next day, our stuff was packed up for us and ready to go, but sadly one of my apothecary jars from my candy buffet had been broken and the cake topper that we were supposed to freeze for our one year anniversary had been crammed into a too-small cake box and smooshed.   :(Pics uploaded.
5	We had our wedding at The Castle at Ashley Manor on 3/23/13 and it was the best day of our lives! Olivia, Jeff & the whole team at The Castle were truly amazing. Olivia was so helpful throughout the whole process - from helping with menu selection & flowers to coordinating the day-of, I absolutely could not have done it without her. Everyone raved about the food and the staff that was helping throughout the evening was very attentive and personable. Jeff was our DJ and he was incredible. He really controlled the entire event and made sure everything ran smoothly. Our guests were dancing ALL night and commented on how great the music selection was. One of my favorite parts was the limbo - classic! Honestly, I would recommend The Castle to anyone. It is such a beautiful venue and the team makes wedding planning a breeze! I cannot thank them enough for helping make our wedding day so special!
