3	I went to Smashburger today.  It was their second day of being open.  No one was there because of the Superbowl.  The interior is modern and sleek for fast food.  I like that they made the effort for that.  I felt comfortable.  I ordered the AZ Smashburger.  It comes with habanero chile cheese, chipotle mayo, and jalapenos along with all the standard fixings.  I ordered the Smash fries.  They are drenched in olive oil and are seasoned with rosemary.  To drink, I had a Cherry Coke.  That was a nice surprise at the soda fountain.  My burger was good, not great.  You can choose from a third or half pound burger.  I went with the third.  My fries were wet.  They tasted okay.  I compare rosemary fries with Fez's rosemary fries.  Smashburger's are lacking.  The oil is a bit much and for some reason they were not salty enough.  They were bland wet fries.  I will go back to Smashburger.  I will choose it over Mac Donald's or Burger King.  They are hip and with the times.  They sell beer too.  The staff was young and fresh faced.  They were very upbeat.  They were playing cool music too.  I will be back.  Three stars because after all it is a burger joint.
1	Waited a week after the grand opening before visiting this highly publicized place. When we were walking in we saw a customer walking IN with a bag of food. This should have been a sign for us. We went in and there were two people in line, one at each register. We proceeded to watch as several different people messed around with the cash registers. After 6 minutes and not a word of explanation from anyone about why we were waiting this long, one of the customers at the register finally had enough and walked out. We decided to follow suit and went to the place a few doors down. When we were leaving with our food, we saw that some of our fellow "line waiters" from Smashburger had joined us at the competition. I'll never be back.My distaste for this place may be clouded by the exceptional service that I normally receive at other fast-casual places. This place just seems to be poorly managed. We should have never been left to stand in line without any explanation for 6 minutes. So many companies come from California with a "you're lucky to be eating here" attitude. This place falls into that category. They could take a lesson from In and Out.
5	We've been 3 times in the last 8 days! It's that good.The first time we went was a Saturday around 4:00pm. The place was packed and we almost didn't get a seat before our food was ready. We were instantly hooked on their food. My husband orders their BBQ Burger and I love the Classic Smashburger. The produce used is high quality and actually ripe. No yellow tomatoes here! The pictures you see of the burgers are a very good representation, not just some prop. Their Smash Fries, regular fries and Veggie Frites are yummy. The cashiers have been a little off each time we've been there, but probably because they are crazy busy. The servers have been super great, always accommodating and friendly. They also keep the place very clean.As I stated before, the place needs more seating! Last night, we invited about 25 friends with us. (Not kidding!) The place was crowded inside, so we were trying to figure out seating arrangements on the patio. The manager came out to check on us & seemed a little frustrated by our large group, rather than grateful for the business. My husband tried to order a frosty mug root beer float, but they had run out of their IBC Root Beer. They also told him they ran out of meat earlier in the week because they have been super busy. I think once they get all the small kinks worked out, it will be even better.
4	I've been searching for a decent burger joint in the West Valley for a while and I'm glad my friend suggested hitting up Smashburger!We went at prime "lunchtime" and we did have to wait about 5 minutes in line and about 10 minutes for our food (I know some of you will stop reading at this point just based on this fact alone, but in all fairness, this crazy nurse before us ordered 6-7 burgers and this nerd with a FANNY PACK could NOT MAKE UP HIS MIND!!)So, I ordered the 1/2 pound BBQ, Bacon & Cheese burger and was quite impressed. It was topped with shoestring onion rings and I also got the Smashfries (prepared w/ rosemary, garlic and olive oil...and YUM YUM!!!) Combined with a soft drink, my whole meal came to about $11. Cheap...not so much. Worth it...I think so. I definitely think they are a lot better than burgers at Rumbi a couple doors down. I also love an establishment that has CHERRY COKE on hand. Always a fine choice! They also have a few selections of beer and Barefoot wine.
3	I've heard about this place being "the best" burger joint so i had to check it our for myself. My boyfriend and i went on a saturday afternoon and to my surprise most of the seats were taken, people were coming and going so my first thought was they must be good since they were so busy. Severs were really nice and prompt.we both ordered their 1/3 lb arizona smashburger which has: habanero cheese, guacamole, lettuce, tomato, onion, chipolte mayo and fresh jalapenos on a chipotle bun, we also had an order of their smash fries.first thought, the presentation of the burgers and fries looked great, after putting mustard and ketchup on it and TRIED to pick up the burger everything almost feel out. It was messy and greasy totally ruined the experience of enjoying the burger. It tasted like any other burger, nothing really special about it. Their fries however were amazing. on a scale of 1-10 i would give this place a 6 just for the food presentation. my boyfriend said he wouldn't go back but i'll give it another try one day.
4	Smash burger is one of those chains that is kind of not like a chain if you know what I mean.  It has a homemade feel to it similar to what u would find at a mom and pop place but clearly it's not.  But. Don't take this as a let down because this place has some pretty tasty burgers!I had the Arizona burger it had habanero cheese, jalapenos and a spicy sauce.  The burger wasn't as hot as it sounds but pretty tasty.  The meat was mouth watering and the freshness did show.We shares some smash fries they were ok kind if greasy but not too bad.  Overall I would recommend this as the burger spot on the west side.  If your out and about over here give it a shot.  Oh and they do have beer.
1	Ummmm......one of the worst burgers I've had in quite some time.   Hey, if you like salty buttery oily burgers then this is for you.   I'll stick with fudruckers, blu burger, red robin or any fast food joint....hehe!    Want to try a great burger go to Firebirds.
3	What a cool place. I had the 1/3 lb Arizona Smashburger (5.99 habanero cheese, l&t, onions, guacamole, jalapenos, chipolte bun) and really liked it. I'm not usually a burger person and this was messy to eat (my bro was making fun of me for eating the trimmings off the burger first because they were falling out) and - oh that's why it's called smashburger - it's flat and even has a crust. You just have to try it.. hope you like it like I did.Veggie frites - innovative side dish of carrots, asparagus and green beans with ranch dressing were SO good and I am happy to see veggies on this menu.My daughter enjoyed her Grilled Cheese kids meal (3.99 including fries and drink.) My recommendation: Go! Check it out. And if you can save room for the Haagen-Dazs milkshake (3.99) and let me know if it's as good as it looks - I want to try it next time.  NO WI-FI here.
4	So does anyone else think the logo looks a bit like GameStop's?So you walk into this restaurant and are immediately enveloped by one of the best smells ever. My mouth was immediately watering and I went from being slightly hungry to starving in like 3 seconds flat.I had the half pound (which is BIG) BBQ, bacon burger with no substitutions and smashfries.The burger was really good. Like REALLY good. The crisp onion straws were very flavorful and the bun was delicious. I just wish the BBQ sauce had a bit of a kick to it. The fries were good, however I think I would have enjoyed the regular french fries more. Can't wait to come back!!!
5	This place is not only inexpensive, but the burgers are amazing. AND THEY HAVE HAAGEN DAAZ MILKSHAKES!!! Sooo good.... I got a 1/3 lb cheesburger with a fried egg on it. It was cooked perfectly, not greasy at all. I will for sure be back!
4	Yes and yes and yes.  GOOD burger. Straight from the menu or build it as you want it.  Try the Smash fries with it!   I'll be back for one of the Smash dogs...  we left full and happy.
4	Lunch today with the lovely wife at Smashburger.  The service was good.  We both had burgers and we split onion rings (or whatever they call them) and fries.  I had the Smashburger fries and they were ok but could have been better.  The are seasoned and have olive oil on them which is ok but there was a bit much for my liking.  The burgers were good and we sat out side which was pretty nice.  We will be returning.  The bill:   Two 1/3 pound burgers, one order of fries and onion rings and two sodas.  $19.00.They also have a decent selection of bottled beers.  Almost forgot to mention that!
4	The wife and I hit up Smashburger yesterday.  When we walked in the interior is pretty much what I expected.  It was nice but nothing that stands out.  We ordered our food, the wife had the regular cheeseburger and I ordered the Arizona Burger.  The food came pretty quick and the orders were correct.  The first bite I had I was hooked.  The burger was seared and juicy.  We both agreed that we would be coming back.
4	Smashburger (Avondale) = Yummy!! Definitely a place we will be returning to again.  We went for the 1st time for lunch today and both of us (me & Wife) were very impressed.  Love my BBQ/bacon/Cheddar and she had the All American - both very tasty and fresh.
4	Wonderful food at good prices. The SmashFries are AMAZING. Can't wait until there is one of these closer to me in north central Phoenix.
3	Went on a Friday dinner. The place was still packed with people. The menu is fairy simple. We went to the counter to order. The employee taking our order doesn't seem to care if we order or not. It was like what do you want? Huh, OK. Here is the receipt and your number for your table. Not smiling, then was very unhappy to see more people coming in behind us. She mumbled OMG, there are more people coming and sighed. Got our food the burger is bigger than the bun. Burger is smashed! It tasted OK. Nothing special. Their fries are good. Chili is OK. Ice tea was good.
4	We made our first visit to this place and I must say, we were all very pleased with our burgers.  You can build your own, which we liked and did, the burgers we had were 1/3 pound, juicy, and fresh.  The fries were fries, though they do have Smash Fries which are seasoned with Rosemary & Olive Oil, different and if you like Rosemary, very tasty.  We would recommend this place and we will be back.
4	Smashburger is amazing!  The Arizona burger definitely satisfies my burger needs, and the smashfries are incredible.  My wife complains about going to burger places usually and was hesitant to try Smashburger, but once she went, she fell in love with it.
2	Doesn't even compare to the location at 24th St. and Camelback. I'd gladly drive an hour out of my way to get my Smashburger fix rather than settle on eating at this one. Service is slow and indifferent. Floors and tables are usually dirty. Even the fact I can get my beloved Cherry Coke here isn't enough for me. No thanks.
5	In the West valley? Craving a burger? Smashburger is your only option!I had never heard of the place, but after driving past it a dozen times, I went with my gut feeling and checked it out.The small, simple menu contains no bad options. There are a few specialty burgers, which you can get as a 1/2 pound, a 1/3 pound, or a chicken sandwich. You can also choose your own fries, bun, cheese, and other toppings (fried egg, anyone?).Like anyone else who lets their stomach do the thinking, I ordered a half pound Arizona burger with Smash fries. After a few minutes waiting in a cozy building with friendly staff, my meal had arrived. The next 30 minutes are a blur.Habanero pepper jack...chipotle bun...amazing guacamole and onions on a perfectly cooked and seasoned burger? Amazing! On paper, having rosemary garlic fries (and a touch of olive oil) with this does not compute, but you'll forget about that when you're shoving it down your face. This was one mesmerizing meal.If you choke from eating too fast (I don't blame you, you won't be able to focus on anything but your burger), then order one of the beers they have...a limited selection from nearby breweries like Four Peaks and Sierra Nevada.Someone is bound to argue with me giving this place five stars, but unless they can find me a better burger around here (NOT the Red Robin or Island across the street. Amateurs!), I refuse to go any lower.
5	Holy smokes this burger was good,  Brought to our table so hot you could hardly eat it.  Got our fry order wrong,  did not think I would like the rosemary/olive oil fries,  but got them by mistake tried them an loved them.  If you like your burger hot with all the trimmings you will love this.  1/3 lb. or 1/2 lb. size meat and both are generous.  Tried it for the first time Friday and we will be back,  they are building more so looking for one a little closer eventually in the meantime I will travel. Not a huge eating area but it was constantly busy, some tables outside or takeout of course.  The people were friendly and very helpful stopped by table to see if we were satisfied and when we asked questions about other locations he was happy to advise. Oh did I tell you they were juicy, they were, and very tasty.
3	The burgers are FANTASTIC. The staff could be a bit more pleasant, but the food is so yummy that I'm willing to overlook their indifference. :)
2	Meh. I find it hard to like a place that charges upward of $9 for a burger but doesen't include fries. On the upside the chocolate shake is great!.  The burger was better than good but less than great.
5	Smashburger is the business!! If you're tired of the same old burger you will not be disappointed by Smashburger.
4	Good Burger and Great Fries.
4	I was expected the typical In n Out, Five Guys, etc...but was not...Ordered create your own 1/3lb(lettuce, onion, cheddar, mustard, and FRESH jalapenos), smash fries and a coke. Very juicy flavorful and just Good! I found my new burger joint! It's not the best I've had but it is good enough to have me going back for more. Smash fries have rosemary and garlic and quite frankly you must like rosemary to like the fries. I like rosemary! Coke products is always a plus for me. They also offer rootbeer in a bottle and shakes. If you're looking for a good juicy burger this is the place...Note: I went to the Tempe location for a burger to go...HOCKEY PUCK! Advised the manager and he comped my next meal which was good...
3	Burgers are awesome but don't expect to pay McDonald's prices. The Arizona burger was awesome and don't waste your time on a 1/3lb and get a real burger 1/2lb. The garlic smash fries are a hit but the portion is kids meal size. Had the haystack onions and veggie frites as well. If the portions were bigger on the sides, this would be a strong 4.
3	It's been a while since I've had Smashburger and I'm finally getting around to reviewing it, but I remember my experience.  I think if their whole concept and even store name revolves around the word "Smash", they should design their store to reflect that.  SHOW US THE SMASHING!!!  Five Guys & In-N-Out, who I would place together in the same category as Smashburger, both have exposed kitchens showing us how clean and freshly prepared their food is.  Next, their burgers are really really greasy.  I think the best beef to fat ratio for a patty is 80/20.  I don't know what their ratios are, but just because they use 100% Angus beef, it shouldn't equate to more grease.  It should equate to more flavor.   And their 'highest-quality-cheeses" wasn't anything special.   And I really really tasted.  I really did.Their rosemary/olive oil fries adds another couple of bucks to your meal, which is north of 10$ dollars for a meal.  They're not as good as they sound.  Next time, I'll stick with the regular fries.  I will go back to try again, but so far, Smashburger is just 2 1/2 stars in my book.  The rounding-up because I'm just nice. :D
2	I had the Classic Burger with a few modifications. The burger looked pretty good but it tasted quite salty (maybe due to the amount of grease?). The sweet potato fries were ok, but weren't as crispy as others I've had before. Overall the place is clean and the food is served rather quickly. I might give them another try to see if the salty burger was a fluke.
4	Went on a Friday night again, the place was pretty packed (inside and out in the patio). We decided to get our food to go this time. The girl at the ordering counter was super nice and friendly. We even tipped her because she was so nice. I ordered a create a burger: 1/2 lb, classic egg bun, swiss cheese, and light mayo. The burger was juicy and just so so good. The smash fries are good too. My hubby got the AZ Smashburger: Habanero cheese, guacamole, lettuce, tomato, onion, chipotle mayo, and fresh jalapenos on a chipotle bun. The burgers just tasted very juicy and a lot better than last time.
4	My dad and I craved for a burger today and we found this place on the internet.  They had me at sliced jalapenos!! I loved the option of creating my own burger. SUPER AWESOME!! So I went with a chipotle bun, blue cheese, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, jalapenos 1/3 burger!! It was devine, juicy, spicy and lovely :)Although I wasn't fond of the haystack onion rings...a bit soggy :(My dad got the Arizona Smashburger which made him sweat from the spicy habanero cheese and jalapeno combination.  Sweat is always a good sign with my dad!!As for the dining ambiance, we got it to go but while I waited in the restaurant I was impressed with how clean the dining area was and the staff was friendly.  Overall, I was impressed with Smashburger and would recommend their burger any day :)
4	Burgers in my mind are supposed to be grilled over a flame, thick and medium rare. Served with a toasted bun, american cheese with let/tom/pic/mayo and mustard. (It's my review)SB does most of it perfectly. The Bun is a yellow egg bun, toasted and topped with all the required toppings. The toppings were all fresh and very good, including the cheese. The burger, while it is a 1/2 l/b about 1/3 was lapping over the bun. It is a thin, flat fried burger, sort of crispy on one side too. While not my preferred, it was still a good tasting burger. Just not great. IMHO Five guys is better if fried burgers are your thing. The staff was great. The management was great, the place was pretty clean the price was high for what I recieved. $6 burger $1.80 drink.  (it was plenty of food though)3.86 stars
4	I was quite surprised.  I came here expecting decent burgers, and I was pleasantly surprised with better food than I expected.The warning I give here is that the burgers are pretty greasy, but the taste is great.  I got the Arizona Smashburger 1/2 lb (no guac and no tomato) and haystack onions.  The burger was quite large (though more wide than thick) and juicy, the toppings were fresh, and the bun was great, adding a nice complement to the rest.This may not have been the best burger I have ever had, but it was good enough that I will come back and eat here again.
1	I love burgers and when Smashburger opened, I just had to try it....and I really regret that choice. It was the most digusting greasy burger I've ever had in my life and I will be sure to never return. I'll take Five Guys over Smashburger any day of the week.
4	First time in a Smash Burger and the meal was very good.  Had the Arizona burger and the smash fires.  The staff were friendly and the place was clean.  We will go back again.
5	Wouldn't normally give a fast food burger place 5 stars.  Here is why I gave Smashburger the honor:1.  When we arrived all the tables were full.  A couple exited a table right as we finished getting our drinks.  We swooped on it.  Even though we began cleaning the table ourselves, a staff member STILL came, wiped it off with a rag, and gave us a smile.2.  The food was DELICIOUS!  My chicken sandwich was hot, fresh, and had great toppings.  The bun was even good!  DH loved his 1/3 lb Smashburger and devoured it in less than 5 minutes.3.  When we were leaving, even though we attempted to bus our own table, yet ANOTHER friendly staffperson came by and grabbed our stuff for us.An inexpensive meal with a positive and friendly staff... and food that was worth eating again and again.  Way to go Smashburger!!!!
3	Smash Burger is one of those places that pleasantly surprised me. I expected a decent burger but I got a great one. The burgers are greasy but they are SO flavorful that the heart attack later on down the road will be worth it. They grill it up just the way you want it with all the toppings you want. What more can be said?
5	This place is awesome. Shakes and burgers are great. The AZ burger is by far my favorite!! Just dont question how many calories are in it...you dont want to know haha
4	I couldnt wait to get back to a Smashburger after having my first one in Vegas. I got the Sincity burger in Vegas and they dont offer anything like this that i saw here. :-(So i deceided to get the Arizona burger and it was ok, if it was my first smashburger i wouldnt be craving it though like i did with the sincity burger. So now i still have to wait for that crave.
5	Okay, they just deserve 5 stars....why?  Well, the food is always fresh here and so tasty.  Combine that with spectacular customer service and you get 5 earned stars!  Who knew a burger joint could be so well run?  Soooooooooooo many restaurants need to check this place out and copy them please!  The management here is always in touch with what's going on, helping out wherever needed and that is impressive.  Having been in Management for many years I tend to notice this.  I've been several times and every employee you interact with is accommodating and pleasant!  The Smash Chicken Sandwich is heavenly!  So nicely seasoned and tender.  The whole grain bun is an added YES.  The Smash Fries are my fav!  Malts rock and I hear the Root Beer Float made with Haagen Dazs is to die for!
3	Find it greasy, but my boys love it.
5	My favorite burger place. Delicious food that is FRESH, the staff is amazingly friendly and did I mention the food is AWESOME?
4	I had my choice of Islands Burger, Red Robin and Smash Burger all within walking distance from each other.  I decided to go to smash burger after I noticed it had 4 1/2 stars on yelp.  Fellow yelpers, you did not let me down, my hamburger was DELICIOUS!I'm surprised I havent heard more about this place.From the friendly staff to the cleanliness of the place to the taste of of the food, it left a good impression.
2	I had Smashburger for the first time a couple of days ago and I was not impressed. My burger was way too greasy. The smashfries were good but they were greasy as well. I'm not expecting for my burger to be dry but there is a major difference between juicy and greasy and they crossed over into the land of the grease. And they were heavy handed with the salt. Unless I want my sodium intake for the week in 1 day, I would suggest that they move away from the salt.They are similar to Five Guys in that they have no combos but they have more options. I can see what the appeal is and maybe the cook was having a bad day but between the grease and the salt I will not be going back unless I have a death wish.
5	This place is awesome and the taste explodes with flavor, but the portion for french fries are very weak. any large at other resturants destroys this place on that. But other places do not season like this place, and the menu has fried pickes if you never tries them. But like I said small portion on the sides.
5	I tired they chicken smash burger.... WOOHOO!!!  LOVE IT!  Crispy chicken (not too think, not too thick) but perfectly crispy.  I ordered the build your own:  Egg bun, crispy chicken, mayo, and swiss cheese.  HELLO MAMA!  The smash fries were good.  The staff is always friendly.
2	Meh, I've had better. First time eating here so I thought I would give it a try.  But next time I will stick with Islands Burgers.  Way better value.
3	kudos on great service and cleanliness. giving 3 stars due to underwhelming flavor of the burger.  got the az burger and added a fried egg, was expecting lots of flavor but the meat patty itself was not seasoned at all and the fried egg was overcooked so the yoke was dry and didn't give that lil extra i was expecting. the sweet potato fries were great! I would come back and try something else, maybe a chicken sandwich next time.
5	This place is great! The burgers have a unique flavor and they are a little on the greasy side but that's just the style. The customer service is great; the staff is friendly and attentive. It's nice to have someone stop by your table to make sure you're enjoying the food even though it's only a burger joint. They also serve alcohol if you're into burgers and beer.
2	Overpriced.!.!.! Especially since you have to order in a "fast-food" line.  The food is sub-standard with no vegetarian option.  I spent so much taking my family here we could have gone to a GOOD restaurant.
4	We found this driving by, there are 6 locations in Phoenix.  Negatives:  I thought it was a little expensive for what we got, $23 for 2 people.  I paid $1.49 for bacon on my burger and got ONE PIECE broken into 3 strips...too expensive!Positives:Wife had fried pickles ($1.50)  (AWESOME) Buffalo Chicken Sandwich ($6.99)  (Really good!)soda ($1.79) I had:1/2 pound Habanero cheeseburger ($6.99)  (eat tasted fantastic! ) a side of Shoestring fries with Rosemary /Olive oil ($1.99 AWESOME) and soda($1.79).  During our visit, two separate managers came over to ask if everything was OK and chat, that was nice. The place was very clean and service was excellent.  If you don't mind "Red Robin" prices for Burgers and want great flavor, try this place out
1	My wife and I went for early dinner and found the place to be extremely noisy, not from people but the crap music was way too loud. The meal was $19.00 for two burgers, fries and sodas, way too expensive for what you get. The burgers were sooo greasy my wife would not eat hers, the fries are fake potatoes, and the soda machine was broke so we had warm can soday to add to the ice which diluted it very quickly. For half the price we can go to In and Out and get a really good meal without the grease and the noise. We won't be back that is for sure.
4	Very deliciousoooo the burger was so yummyyyy I gave 4 * only cuz the fries are too thin that goes for the regular and sweet potato oh and we had the fried pickles those were sooooo good that was the first time I tried em I have always wanted to and glad I did :)
2	Oh yeah I will smash it!  Not!Okay.. I like burgers.. Well food in general.   But I appreciate good juicy, greasy, fat melting burger.  That's what burger is all about!! FAT!! MEAT!! So I figure this place will satisfy my  taste buds and my belly!  Well,..... I was wrong..  =  /Maybe I was expecting little too much or perhaps person who was cooking that day was mad at the world and decided to take out his anger on the burger by smashing it!!   Because my burger looked like someone got confused between cooking the juicy burger and beef jerky.    I mean, it was so dry, it reminded me of my friend's 4th of July BBQ party!  Really? Do I must experience that all over again?I am sure I was one of the hundreds who got the bad burger of the day.. If they had a section of the wall saying, "Hall of shame burger" and I would be on it.. Oh boy was it terrible!But during my second visit.  Burger wasn't too bad, but still didn't satisfied my taste bud.   All I tasted was.. average burger at average burger shop with average price for average service..  Maybe I am not your average guy? Then again, In-n-Out always hit the spot for me...Maybe my taste buds are confused..  :  /Anyway!!!Don't let name "smash burger" fool you thinking that's one smashing burger.. Just expect the average and nothing more!
3	Good food but overpriced. Everything is a la carte. Had BBQ burger... It was good liked the egg bun; disliked that it wasn't warm. Daughter got chicken fingers... Well done; not processed meat. Cashier was friendly. Worked the register and wiped down tables.  If they were to lower price and offer combinations might return.. Oh and the freeze fried veggies were alright. Wanted them crunchier on the outside and tender inside.Dress: come as u r
4	I am back in the "smashburger" fan club!!  I was a mark for their food the first time I ate there with my kiddos based on a recommendation to try it.  Since I am a self proclaimed burger aficianado (thousands of burgers enjoyed & counting....), I jumped at the chance.  I was in beef heaven initially because, although the burgers were a tad pricey in comparison to the other big fast food joints, the kids meals were very affordable & pretty good sized to boot & the taste of the fresh food combined with the energetic ambience had me "hook, line & belly"!   After my 3rd or 4th visit, the kids meals shrank in size (both the burger & amount of fries).  It was disappointing because, I went there with my kids as a treat to them.  Alas, it sems they have corrected the mistake & returned to the same portions for the childrens meals!!  Thank you Smashburger, I love ya!!
5	This location was pretty awesome when we went for lunch one day. We went there before Blu Sol Massage and Spa since it was nearby, but my husband assured me that it was incredible (he goes to one near his work in Tempe sometimes.) We ordered, the employees were nice, the food came out pretty quickly, and they have sweet potato fries! I usually hate hamburgers, but I actually enjoyed the Smashburger I had. I can't even remember what I ordered though, other than the delicious sweet potato fries :POh, they also have bottled root beer there too. I'm not sure if that's common knowledge, but I thought it was pretty cool :)Overall, great service, great food, and it was a pretty stress-free lunch. I felt pretty relaxed there, which is definitely a good sign. Usually I feel uncomfortable when I go out to eat at places like this!
4	I had the mushroom & Swiss burger which was delicious. I wasn't crazy about the sea salt fries tho. My hubby loved his Arizona burger and rosemary, garlic and olive oil fries. Overall, not bad at all!
4	Went back again, same great service as before, very busy lunch hour and yet service was fast, place was clean, and they had plenty of people working .  Food was great, my ONLY complaint was that I ordered bacon on Burger for an extra $1.50 and got ONE PIECE broken into 4 small strips.  I asked a manager if that was really $1.50 worth of bacon and he said yes, then brought me another "serving" which I thought was very good service, but I'll know next time not to waste the $$$.We had build it yourself large burger, SMASHFRIES that are excellent!, and soda and wife had Arizona burger and fried pickles and soda.  Bil was $23.50 (much more expensive than regular fast food but worth it occasionally.Burgers are greasier than most places, which I think makes them better.  It was the first meal after a 36 hour fast for a medical test and it was awesome:)BYOB: "Bring Your Own Bacon" :)
4	We tried Smashburger this weekend on our way to the NASCAR race in Avondale. I had heard about it before, but we don't have a location nearby. I was eager to try it out when we found one. We both ordered the Classic SmashBurger (the bigger size -  1/2 lb patty, $5.99) which came with American cheese (I'd go with cheddar next time - I didn't notice it came with American when I ordered it), lettuce, tomato, ketchup, onion (we got grilled instead of raw), pickles and smash sauce. We also each got a side of SmashFries which were thin-cut fries, covered in garlic, olive oil and rosemary. The burgers were greasy (I like that) and very good! They tasted beefy and fresh, exactly how a good burger should be. The fries were a nice change from normal fries and tasted great. If we were in the area, or close to another location, we'd definitely stop by again. I'd like to try to Arizona SmashBurger next time - it sounded amazing! The service was fast, attentive and friendly. The only star-docking drawback was the price. I think that the burger price should include fries.
3	Food is decent.  Little pricey for what you get.  Burger was cooked right and juicy.
5	Smash Burger is not your typical fast food burger.  Ingredients are fresh and cooked when you order.  Prices are a little higher - but you know you are getting a quality product.  The portions are big and the smash fries are amazing.  Service is great..even when the place is packed.
3	I bought Groupon and had a dinner there. My husband was impressed by good ground beef they use and enjoyed cherry coke too. He probably will give 4 stars. I had Classic burger with guacamoli and mushroom, sweet potato fries and drink since I can spend $12. They charge $1.99 each for 1Tbsp of guacamoli and 6 slices sauteed mushroom, LOL The sweet potato fries taste like what Trader Joe's carries. I think it's almost like Carl's Jr.'s $6 burgers. I may visit again when I got Groupon.
1	some of us weren't born yesterday.when you smash the burger on a hot griddle, it's sorta like Steak 'N Shake.  Unfortunately, Smash Burger doesn't measure up to Steak 'N Shake and it's twice the money.I was disappointed.  Never going back.
1	How tough can it be?  Ok, I did go back.  I had 30 minutes for lunch. I ordered a large All-American.  I ate the burger and there is NO WAY this burger is 1/2 pound.  I called the manager, he told me that it was supposed to be 7 oz and again, NO WAY.  He offered a free burger, which I neglected to order as I left that side of town.I did visit a closer location, ordered another large All-American and it WAS bigger and decent.  Just make sure you check your order before you leave!
4	4.5 stars, not just 4 stars, if I could.Ok, forget the "back stories" - (or read my earlier reviews), and this visit was a make-good for the 5/17/2012 visit and it went great!Let's cut to the chase: went there today, 3:30pm, got a Large All-American -- AND THEN I MADE IT A DOUBLE!!! -- AND IT WAS FRIGGIN' DELICIOUS!  The right amount of onion, great taste!, huge grease ( a good thing! ).  Smashburger IS finding it's way...By the way, the two guys on duty today (at 3:30pm, 6/27/12) a REAL CREDIT TO YOUR COMPANY!  Smiles, friendly, "it's all good!", well, let me tell ya, THEY'RE REAL GOOD, TOO.  And I guess the cook gets credit, too.  It was a damned good burger!
4	I've always been attracted to the name "Smash Burger" because of its similarity to the game "Smash Brothers." I mused whether or not some deeper correlation was going on. Perhaps Smash Burger would be as delightful as playing Smash Brothers.Well after about 4 years I finally resolved to verify the validity of my thesis. I've concluded that although a direct correlation cannot be established, Smash Burger is indeed delightful!I ordered a "make your own" hamburger with chipotle bread. Instead of fries, I ordered veggie frites: asparagus and carrot sauteed in some sort of oil, then lightly sweetened with salt (sea?). The veggie frites did it for me. It was so delicious I made sure to buy extra on my next visit.Good food. Customer service was excellent. The restaurant was clean. Smash Burger has a new fan.
3	Burger is super greasy, flavored decently, prices are way too high for the burgers, friendly staff, creative menu.
4	Great burger. Try the Blue-cheese.
5	Great burger joint. Reasonably priced. Got the mushroom and swiss burger and it literally melted in my mouth and down to my tummy. SOOO GOOD. The patty was so moisted. Definitely not your typical fast food place. Get "Smash fries" if you like them seasoned.
5	Was in Az, visiting from Cali last week. when I decided to check out yelp for some good eats. Thank you fellow yelpers. Cause this place is SO good, I ordered the avocado club burger and some fried pickles Delish! pickles were on the oily side but still good, my mom ordered the mushroom burger and sweet potato fries and my sister ordered a chicken sandwich with the smash fries, all were very good and next time I'm in town I will definately be back for a burger!
5	This was a great burger experience. I had he bbq bacon burger and smash fries. I called in the order and ate most of the fries on my 10 minute ride home because I was afraid that thy would be nasty cold. I was wrong! My fiance had the sweet potato fries. They were still yummy once we got them home. I have driven by this place many times and will be back soon!
5	I LOVE SMASHBURGER!Their burgers and fries are simply the best! I've eaten at several around the valley and they have all been consistent with each other in food quality and kind service. The food is always fresh, the fries always done to perfections (sweet potato & regular). I'm definitely hook. I take my teen boys wherever they want to go for their birthday dinner and this is usually their choice. I don't complain because it's so inexpensive compared to the places they use to request before Smashburger opened.
4	Yummy yummy
5	Malts have a strong malt flavor with the chocolate, I would get that alone, except the burgers are cooked, not scorched.  This store buffaloed my burger, like the chicken, and that came out great.
5	So. Delicious. Great food, fast and friendly service. Truly as good as it gets!
2	This was my second time at this location, and I can officially now review this location at 2 stars.  Fries were so gross. Clearly the fry oil needed to be changed.Veggie burger was ok.Service was ok- just going through the motions. The place was filthy. They were not busy, plenty of staff and everything was dirty.The tables outside had ketchup and mustard bottles sitting in the 100 degree sun- yuck.
2	I tried this place for the first time today and definitely will not be going back.  They are very pricey for what you get, and everything was way to greasy.  They also got my order wrong, but were quick to fix it.
5	Amazing. Just a darn good burger. Got the Arizona, pulled off half the jalapenos, de-lish! Great service, manager was very nice and makes sure Military is discounted all the time. The place is clean and comfortable. The smash fries are so so, not my thing, but I am glad I tried them. Going here will not save your soul, but you'll be glad you tried it.
5	It isn't often that I can say I have no complaints about anything on a menu but so far everything I've tried is yummy and delicious.  The mushroom swiss burger with smash fries is my favorite meal.  Customer service is always great and extra points for giving a military discount.
4	Two words: Smash fries!  They are smothered, roasted, sauteed (ok, maybe they are just cooked) with rosemary, olive oil, and garlic... YUM!  And as the Black Eyed Peas would tell you, "I just can't get enough!"And the burgers are tasty too.  I have heard that Smash Burger actually pulls angels down from heaven and smashes them down into their burgers.  Unconventional perhaps, but you can't argue with results!  And those results are greasy and delicious burgers that moisten your bun but never reach the level of fall-apart-in-your-hands messy!  The only negative is that we have officially gotten to the point where a $10 fast food burger is accepted and expected.Eat well, my friends...
5	Arizona Burger with Bacon!
3	I stopped here with a co-worker after a shopping excursion at Hobby Lobby. We called to place an order to go and they normally do not take phone orders, but the gal made an exception. (This was really nice of her!) I ordered the chicken sandwich with avocado and bacon. I also ordered a side of sweet potato fries. The only problem is when you take it to go, the fries don't survive! They get wilted and I like 'em crunchy. The sandwich was pretty good - I liked the flavors but the chicken was greasy. I wouldn't order it again, unless the chicken was less greasy. My co-worker enjoyed her food, but I don't always trust her judgment. (I mean, she was okay with limp fries.) If in the area, I might go back. Who knows?
4	Burgers rock! Seating sucks, rays of sunshine from the setting Sun will bore holes into your face. Get the BBq bacon cheddar burger, it's a real panty dropper
4	Great burger but the sweet potato fries are out of sight! Not far from where I work so it is becoming a regular stop.
3	I used to go to Smashburger often.  Hadn't been there in a while.  Stopped to grab a burger and when I ordered, I was very specific that I wanted the mayo on the side.  I ordered it to go so I sat and waited patiently.  I noticed she kept saying to the guys in the back that she needed a side of mayo for my order.  I very politely told her that I did not want the mayo on the burger, but on the side.  She didn't say a word or even acknowledge me.  When I got my burger home, it had the mayo all over it...actually spilling out of it and it was a MESS! SmashFries were pretty much the kind of fries that have been sitting there for a while. Not fresh at all.  I did call and speak to the manager about the situation and he was really nice about it and informed me that I would have my next burger free when (IF) I decide to go back.  I hate giving such a negative review about this place because typically we have a very positive experience there.  Just feel like these types of things shouldn't happen.  Again, the manager was super nice and helpful.  So that is why I didn't knock down the stars any more than I already did.  This is why I should NOT have cheated on my diet...damn you STRESS! DAMN YOU!
5	Veggie burger was FANTASTIC. They really do mean smashed though. haha The manager was really nice and came to check on us during our meal. Staff was friendly, food was really good. I would suggest the onion rings- nice and thin.
5	AZ burger is da way da go!!  staffs are amazing..
5	One of the best burgers in town!
1	Burger was under cooked and the fries were not good at all.  Plus it was a bit pricey for the quality in food
4	Was in there on Memorial Day Sunday with my homie from Ventura, visiting parents...stopped there (against my better judgment) on our way back to Cali because we're not privileged enough to have a Smashburger in Ventura County and all was good. Restaurant was clean, food was tasty, despite it picking up businesswise while we were there no one waited for food and the manager/staff were interacting with customers and cleaning up what messes were made.
4	They have awesome smash fries, and the burgers ain't bad. I cant say i like the prices, but they will do when you want an upgrade from regular fast food chains.
3	Overpriced burgers.  Sweet potato smashfries were good. I like the fact that they support a local craft brewery-Four Peaks. Staff was very welcoming. Three words In-n-out.
4	Never an issue coming to expect a great 'fast-food' burger. One of my favorites, and also a great place to be casual with a beer. Service is usually good, 'Smash fries' are excellent.
1	over priced wafer thin hamburger patties
5	Love this place! Burgers? great. Smash fries? Excellent! Service? They have the friendliest staff here, love them all.Best part? Chocolate Malt (make sure it's a malt and not a shake). Best "shake" I've ever had and I've had a lot!
3	As a first time visitor to this location and to Smash Burger in general, I got the Chicken Avocado Club, it was okay I actually liked it but the bacon tasted not so fresh. My only 2 concerns for my very first visit were 1) that got my name wrong 2) They completely forgot my fries with my order even though they charged me for them. I called and spoke with Chris, the Mgr. , who was very kind and fixed everything. Thank you Chris. Also as far as the staff, I found the young girl who was working tonight (the only girl I saw working there) very unfriendly and she even rolled her eyes at me when I placing my order. I was telling the guy that this was my very first time here since I always go to Pita Kitchen next door but wanted to try something new. The young man was nice enough. I tasted a couple of my husbands fries and they tasted old. nothing special about their fries. I have had soo much better fries . I may be back, we will see. 2nd time could be charm.
1	Let me say this, after be willing to try to place one more time, I will NEVER, EVER , EVER Go back to this place ever again. 2nd Time around was not a charm . This place does not tell you the real deal and you are left wondering WTF????? Bottom line: SmashBurger SUCKS THE BIG ONE. Food is not up to par and staff sucks.
4	I got the Classic Smash burger and it was delicious, my only complaint is the bottom bun was almost soaked as soon as I got it. Oh, and if you eat here you have to get their smash fries, soaked in olive oil, rosemary, and garlicy goodness!
5	Best burger on the west side of town. The buns are soft and fresh, and the meat has a wonderful flavor. One of my favorite places to eat.
4	Smashburger is a family favorite. I love that it's a place where I can eat out and feel like I'm eating something both delicious and healthy--oh, that smashed chicken on multigrain with veggie frites! My husband, on the other hand, loves his burger and smashfries, and sometimes he gets a shake, too. The quality of the food is always excellent.Service has always been top notch, too. Nice folks at the counter, friendly people to grab food trays and clear the tables. Another big incentive: they regularly have good coupon offers through their mailing list and also as stickers on the Arizona Republic.
1	The food is horrible, very greasy and expensive! You are better off going to 5 guys  burger,
5	I've never been to another Smashburger location. This one has exceptional service, and it helps the burgers are delicious. We frequent this location and have yet to incur a bad experience. If you get a burger be sure to try the Smash sauce.
1	i always hear about this place and the Hype that goes along with it so i stopped in to get a good burger.  for a place that was pretty empty it took a while to get our food.  The sweet potato fries were very good, i will say that, but the burger was pretty thin and i think they hoped all of the toppings on the list would hide that, but it didn't.the burger was "ok", nothing special but i won't be going back
5	This place has the best burgers I've ever tasted in my entire life, bar none. I have tasted dozens of burgers at dozens of places over the years and nothing compares. I have eaten here dozens of times and every time I go to a restaurant or an expensive burger/pub place, I always wish I had gone here instead.I have also come to find out they have best hotdogs I've ever tasted.  The staff is also very nice and I only I wish there was one on every corner.Note, the mushroom truffle Swiss burger is one of the best creations I've ever tasted.
5	This place was amazing. Amazing service. Amazing food! Amazing shakes. I would recommend this place over any other burger place.
5	Ok listen to me on this one. I am old and therefore wise. I am fat and therefore my wisdom is concentrated in a few areas like food and related topics. Order the classic smash burger with blue cheese crumbled on it and a side of Buffalo sauce to drench your burger with. There was a party in my mouth and the cops were called twice. Oh. The restaurant is good too.
5	Best burger in town.  Smash fries are delicious.  Have never been disappointed with quality or service.  #smashingisbetter
5	Smash-BurgerCreate Your Own BurgerArtisan Bun:classic eggCheese:pepper jackSauces:smash sauce            :ketchupToppings:lettuce                :tomato                :red onionAdd Ons:apple-wood smocked bacon              :grilled mushrooms               :guacamole Size:medianSides:SmashFries/Haystack OnionsDrink:dr.pepper/lemonade/fruit punchIt's worth it!!!
2	I have always been a fan of Smashburger but not today.   They must of had their "B" team running things today.  My daughters kids meal (grilled cheese) came after we had gotten our food.  The sandwiched was "grilled "  but the cheese was not melted.  Also with kids meals now if you want milk or juice they charge you extra.  Their soda machine did not seem to be working properly either or was not cleaned properly.  We tried the coke, diet coke and coke zero and each one of them had a musty taste to it.  The soda was not drinkable.  We informed the girl who took our order ( she was wearing a badge that said certified trainer)  and said she would tell a manager.  Manager never came over to the table nor were we offered anything else to drink.  We basically had to throw our drinks away. ($5.00).  Very disappointed!!
4	We come to Phoenix once a year for USA baseball Tournament(s). This is our third  trip to the Avondale SmashBurger. While the burgers, the chicken sandwiches and the variety of fries are very good the service is outstanding. I have not been in SmashBurger Avondale when the staff has not been warm, friendly and cheerful and this is an over the counter place. That attitude makes a big difference to me and where I spend my money. Your food is brought to your table after ordering. They do not have traditional "waiter" service.
5	Always great customer service ! For sure the best burger in the west valley. The topping are either free or cheap and the mushrooms are always so flavorful ! Try the haystacks you won't be disappointed
5	Five star burger cooked perfectly medium. Daniel, our chef, knocked it out of the park with seasoning that was genius in it's perfection.Chris Hodges was the manager on duty, was informative, kind, and suggested the perfect "Fido Burgers" for our four legged kiddos. Unseasoned and plain, they fit the bill for our dogs.The rosemary, olive oil, and sea salt shoestring fries were extraordinary. I'm not a fry girl at all, and I could eat these cold.Exceptional service.  Exceptional quality food. Exceptionally clean bathrooms and dining room.You WILL NOT be disappointed.  EVER.
4	Tried out a Smashburger closer to us after going to the SB Yelp event across town. Our experience at the restaurant was just as impressive on a "regular" day. They willingly took our coupons from the Yelp event even though they were marked as being from the location across town. Helpful staff who were all friendly and appeared to be in good moods. Tasty food, all good. I love the smash fries and fried pickles are on the "secret" menu I think. The burgers are good without being too heavy, and it is easy to customize what you want. When you don't have time for a sit down burger but don't want to hit McD's or BK, this is a great option.
1	Horrible! The only decent thing they had was sweet potato fries, that's it. The service was not good, they were out of iced tea and needed a few things changed in the pop machine so I ended up just drinking water. Our food came out really fast, which is normally a good thing, however our regular fries, haystack onions and fried pickles were cold and sitting in oil which leads me to believe that they have been sitting cooked back there for a while. Also the worst part was something is wrong with their door and a slight breeze kept it open and there was at least 20 flies in the restaurant that we could see..I could only imagine how many were actually in the kitchen. Overall it was a waste of money and a terrible experience.
4	Glorious smashed meat topped with applewood smoked bacon, avocado, lettuce and tomato on a grilled gluten-free bun (Udi's brand). Served with a side of shoestring smash fries - tossed with a bit of olive oil and herbs - made for a great quick meal. Too much food, so stuffed, but so worth it.
5	Always very nice when I go! My favorite is the Arizona burger! Cashier and employees are very nice and helpful. We've done orders thru phone for pick up and they've always had it on time! Always good place to go eat out and it's worth it!
3	The food is average, but everything is extremely overpriced.I ordered a single BBQ cheeseburger w/ bacon and it cost $6.50I will probably limit my visits, because of this fact.I mean, In&Out provides an equally delicious product for about 1/3 of the price.I'm not sure how Smashburger justifies their prices.  They are not making gourmet hamburgers or anything.
2	The food was great but the service was horrible. It was mine and my husbands first time there and we stood at that counter to order and the girl never even acknowledged we were there. Finally at the 5 minute mark she finally helped us and I asked her if we were invisible. To which she said "sorry if i.don't get baskets back there they have nothing to put food on. " I told her either way it was rude. She took our order and I asked for the manager. Other customers behind us were saying she was rude too. Talked to the manager to which he replied its her first week. I said no excuse its rude. He agreed and gave us half off however theres no room for bad customer service. Would have been 5 stars but I hate bad customer service.
4	Good location, good clean service. I had the Classic Smash in Reg.size for $4.99. You can get the BIG size for $5.99 which is a much better deal since in my opinion, the Reg size it's a bit small (for a guy eating it, for a girl it should be perfect). The burger is among the best I've had. Big, juicy, full flavored patty resembling a home-made burger. I had it with the sweet onion fries, which were good, but the sweet flavor does not go well with the burger. Go for regular fries instead. Definitely coming back.
4	Love the food here actually the Az smash reg fries & drink! The flies are gettin Redic though. OTHER than that BOMB food! :)
3	I ordered the BBQ, Bacon & Cheddar Burger and Smash Fries. Everything was tasty. My only comments would be that the top bun was cold to the touch. Could've used a little more BBQ sauce too. The floor was quite slippery--I almost slipped twice. Most of the tables needed to be wiped. A little pricey... burgers are $6+. But other than that, I enjoyed the meal.
4	Conviniently located across from the Avondale,Smashburger offers dinners a taste of authentic French food, with excellent service, knowledgeable staff, particularly the sommelier, and a vibrant bar scene. The pate, boudin and terrine are authentic French food that you may not normally find in America.
4	The restaurant is clean with modern decor. Not bad,  a little simplistic. The wife's burger came out first and with no sweet potato fries. We waited awhile for the other burger, but when it arrived it was delicious. Both dinners were good,  the food was of a good quality and the servers worked hard to please. Overall a good place for a burger and fries.
4	Yum! Went here with my boyfriend and it was delicious. We both got Guac burgers and they were awesome. Ate ourselves into a coma. We are pretty picky about our burgers and the good stuff is typically 6-10$ so this was on the low range for us. Wonderful staff and we had a great time. Only gripe is there are quite a few messy tables and when I went a lot of really loud, obnoxious children haha. Geeze.
2	I like fatburger or five guys better. The burger was dripping with oil or liquid and took several napkins to contain the drip. I consumed the burger and feel okay but think there might be a better way of cooking it. Wasn't that impressed with the egg bun. The haystack onions (ie onion rings) were mediocre.
4	Wanted to try something new here and did the "build your own burger" with a fried egg, bacon, and American cheese on an egg bun (and Smash fries, of course). My burger was excellent! So yummy. Still pricey, especially with the Premium toppings, but it was great.
4	GREAT burgers!  I would rate this burger place as one of top 5 in the valley - it is that good.  I have been to this store at least 2 dozen times and consistently get a great burger.  NEVER had a bad experience.Note:  There are several Smashburgers in the valley and I have been to two other stores and not all Smashburgers are the same.  The Avondale store is the best of the three that I've been to.  Nicer staff, better food, cleaner store and better service.  I know, they should all be the same but they're not, trust me.  (The Lake Pleasant & Happy Valley store is the worse).
1	Worst burger experience ever. Took forever to get our order (30 mins) and when it did arrive it was wrong. They corrected it ten minutes later and when is got to us the fries were greasy and the burgers were too salty
3	This is for the manager.Jan 6, 2015Whatever ur whole crew was this day was horrible. Grumpy girl up front. Manager/guy bringing out food only came out with food.  Then when we asked for ranch he did not bring it out till my food came out. Which came out 10 min later ( because I met him there. And ordered later). So no extra steps there.  He was not walking around and checking on the customers in between orders. Once again this is more for owner, just for heads up on staff on duty that day. Cook was good. Food was up to par as usual.
2	Been there once after a soccer game.  Only liked their chili cheese fries.  Everything else was  below par.  Quick service tho it was not very busy
