4	Seems like it's been a challenge finding decent Indian restaurants in Vegas.  There's a few east of the strip, but I'm on the west side and it's been slim pickings out here.  I spotted a place on Rainbow called Maharaja's, but when driving up for lunch found that it wasn't open yet.  I then decided to eat at the Buffet@Asian on the corner of Rainbow & Sahara (not a bad place, BTW), and upon leaving spotted the Bollywood Grill next door and noted that it was open.  So I made it over there for lunch a couple days later.  Most of the patrons were Indian, as was the staff-- and it looks to be pretty authentic (I've never been to India, so I can't say with absolute certainty).  The lunch buffet included more selection than most I've seen, including most of the common items (tandoori chicken, dal makhani, channa masala, aloo saag, aloo gobi, kheer, chicken makhani, etc.) and quite a few other items that are a bit less common, including aloo-ki-tikki (or something like it), and some kind of seasoned ground meat kabob and a fish korma along with several other things I don't recall (or perhaps didn't recognize).   While it may not have been the absolute best Indian food I've ever had, it was quite tasty, about the best I've had in Vegas anyway, and the variety was really great.  They also have a sweet-shop counter (Mithai) with a wide variety of tasty items.  The atmosphere was fine-- it's not particularly huge inside, but there are a lot of booths and as you would expect given their name, there's a video screen in the main dining area running bollywood musicals (fortunately though, the sound wasn't overbearing and some even had subtitles for those like me who don't speak Hindi).   Well worth checking out.  It's just south of the big Harley store on Rainbow just north of Sahara, immediately to the east of Buffet@Asian.
5	Oh where, oh where can you find decent Indian food in Vegas?Bollywood Grill, that's where. In fact, I would argue it's the best Indian I've had outside of the UK (where Indian food is as common as Mexican food in L.A.)  and may be a close approximation of India itself.The menu keeps up the Bollywood them of the decor, separating items into Previews, Opening Scenes and Hits. And tasty hits they are, especially if you're a curry fan. I had the Chicken Karishma and it was perfect, served with a separate bowl of rice and the curry itself sitting on a bowl atop a flame right at the table. The Trailers were worth coming early. The pandoras were incredible.Helps to also have a very eagfer and helpful staff who will help explain the items on the menu without any mocking or disappointment. One of the better local dining experiences I've had.
1	located in the old "vegas diner" sometimes mistaken for a 5 & diner.like there's not already enough indian places barely surviving, and there's a reason the last place went out of business. it's right next door to the hash house a go-go .i wanna know who does the planning for picking the locations? do they not do any research?
2	if i could rate this purely on taste, they would have gotten 4 or 5. i ordered the tandori and samosa. taste was good but it was very expensive and didnt come with anything but the entree. IT HAD NO RICE OR NAN ORANYTHING! whatkind indian restaurant serves food without damn rice. a small side order of rice is 4.50. WTF?! i came in with a friend and we were the only 2 people inside the ''diner." truthfully honestly, the 2 owners watched us every second we were in there. they watched when we ate watched when we paid, watched every single fukn minute we were in there. very uncomfortable. stupid place. great taste
3	This place gets three stars because of the decor and the owner is a character - nice guy.The food is more like 2+ stars.  Portions are a bit on the small side and prices are a bit on the high side.  We had chicken tikka masala and lamb vindaloo - both good not great.  We also had malai kafta which was served in a gravy that is a bit stronger, more heavily seasoned, and more savory than the subtle, almost sweet gravy we have grown accustomed to at other places.With the cheezy decor, the non-stop Bollywood movies playing on a 50inch plasma and friendly staff we definitely left with a smile on our face.  Also they have a nice selection of indian sweets - halwa and stuff - in a display case by the cash register.  We bought some to go and it was decent.  I don't know anywhere else to get halwa on the west side.
3	The Food was okay - nothing special, nothing fancy. The price was a bit high. We paid 12.99 USD for the lunch buffet and 3.99 USD for their Mango lassi (which was tasty). We liked the theme though: BOLLYWOOD. The decor inside was cute and intimate.
5	We just finished dinner here and I have to say it was great! The best Indian food I've had in a LONG time. Yes, a little pricey-but it was worth it. The only complaint I would have to say is sometimes the staff was slow in refilling our water. The place had an okay sized crowd -tonight was a Sunday night.Lamb Samosas, vindaloo, and chicken saag were especially good.WE will come back.
3	Food was amazing. Food delivery was VERY slow considering we were the only people in there! You have to consider the food is made fresh so that's why it takes a while.  Our waitress was very nice. We used a coupon so the price was semi justified but it is expensive with entrees starting at $15 with items such as rice being a la carte. It was fun to watch the Bollywood movies on the flat screen very cute idea!
2	Given the multitudes of restaurants in Vegas,  it seems like a shame to not try something new each time. So I tried Bollywood Grill instead of sticking with the tried and true. Big mistake.As others have mentioned, the service was very slow and unorganized. My server wrongly announced my dish as chicken masala when in fact I ordered a vegetarian meal.(Luckily the kitchen got the order right)The food itself was nothing special. I had paneer makhani and the sauce was somewhat bland and they were stingy with the paneer.But what made me vow never to return were the prices. Turns out rice and naan are extra, to the tune of $4 and $3. WTF? Since when is rice extra? So imagine my surprise when my $12 vegetarian entree came out to be $30! I'm surprised there wasn't a silverware rental fee as well!From now on, I'm sticking with the Samosa Factory, tried, true and voted best in Vegas. What was I thinking?
3	Man i do love me some indian food!Went here with a buddy and I was blown away by how the front of the building looked. Place looks like a cross between a jungle, a night club, and a movie theater, yet the side facing the Buffet@Asia place looked like a closed 50's style diner.The staff was very nice and recommended imported indian beers with our choices of food. The inside of the place was very nicely decorated and Indian music videos were playing on the screen and through the speakers, if that's not immersion i dont know what is.The food i'm gonna have to agree with everyone else, Portions are ridiculously small and if it wasnt for the appetizer my buddy got we would have stopped by a del taco after hanging out. and the prices are high for the amount of food.I would take people here from out of town as an experience but as a local i'd stick to smaller mom and pop indian spots
2	Food is mediocre and the ambience isn't all that great. They do have a mix of North and South Indian ( typically Andhra ) food. The rates are on the higher side. Personally I didn't feel that I got value for my money .
4	Wonderful place! I loved the decor and ambiance! Coming in, I wasn't expecting much, but was intrigued by the "American Diner" exterior and Indian food unlikely match. The lunch buffet was $10.99 and incredibly fresh and tasty (not all Indian places in town have fresh food in their buffet, unfortunately). The decor is what makes this place! So cute and cozy! Mirrored circles and stars on the ceiling, low blue lighting, throw pillows and starched tablecloth all add to the ambiance. The food was definitely above average. The owner is definitely a character, and a friendly one at that. Service was brisk and amicable, although could have been a bit friendlier. I would recommend this place for anyone who likes ethnic cuisines (good for vegetarians, of course, many vegetarian options!) as well as for romantic randez-vous. Great lunch buffet at a good price as well!
2	I didn't really enjoy their food overall. The roti-like bread isn't bad. I do like their mango/yogurt drink and cheese dessert. The main meals just didn't taste good in my opinion. Maybe others have a different opinion. Service is nice and friendly though. Indian palace is better choice to me.
3	I tried Bollywood again after not going for many months.  My main peeve, as before is that the lunch buffet is lukewarm at best.  This time I asked to have my plate microwaved and it was much better hot!  They've really watered down the raita and other sauces.  Spice is mild and the food is flavorful.  They have a good selection of vegetarian entrees.  Dinner has been good here before -- I'd avoid the combo special -- the eggplant dishes were superb.  Dinner pricing is considerably more than the $9.99 7-day lunch buffet they're currently offering.  I won't be going back soon.
1	Where to begin...the service was sooooo slow. We almost left because they were taking forever to take our order and I wish we had.  Want rice with your entree? It's gonna cost you an extra 4 bucks! What's up with that? We're paying you $14 per entree, so just give us some damn rice! Want more water? It's best if you're a camel because it's not coming anytime soon. They see you but they pretend not to like it would be such a drag to come over to the table and actually work. I ordered the chicken vindaloo and I felt like such a vindaloozer waiting there for it  to come. What gets me about this place is their service is extremely poor yet they feel the need to nickel and dime you on everything. I'm surprised there weren't quarter machines on the restroom stalls, which by the way reeked like a Kentucky outhouse with no ventilation. To be fair the food was good but if you want to spend a fortune for crappy service and a feeling like you've been thoroughly ripped off, come to this place!
2	My wife and I were excited by an Indian place opening up on our side of the valley. Unfortunately the food isn't up to the standard of the better places in town.The lunch buffet, one of the big selling points of Indian food for me, features some odd choices and they really let it run down in the last 90 minutes.Bollywood is OK if you're really craving Indian and can't be bothered driving for a few minutes down Sahara to Mt Everest or one of the many other superior Indian restaurants that Vegas has on offer.
2	The food was good, but you get very little for your money.  It is over priced and service was nonexistent.  You pay $3.00 for soda, no refill, better yet you cant even get more water.  Cant say I would go back.
4	All in all a very pleasant experience yet restrictive for the price.  I really liked  the Indian cinema theme throughout the restaurant and menu. Bollywood serves up smaller portions than most Indian restaurants.  But bigger doesn't always necessitate better when it comes to portion size. Our spread of cheese and chicken pakoras with mint sauce, chicken tikka masala, chicken biryani,mattar paneer,  with garlic, onion and rogini naan.  I must say that it did not disappoint.The staff bent over backwards for us, especially to help with our wine selection, a Chilean red.  I will be back someday for their lunch buffet.
1	The food is very oily and unhealthy. The dessert was placed within the main meal at the buffet. The chef is very unkempt and frequently comes outside.
5	After trying a few other Indian places in town and outside and after visiting this place a few more times, it has risen to 5 stars in my mind. I just keep on coming back to Bollywood. The food is definitely above average--it's actually quite yummy. The atmosphere is cute and cozy. The service is impeccable. I will be back again and again. This is quickly  becoming one of my favorite places in town!
1	I had lunch today, and my instincts were right when I first walked in through the door. Unfortunately, I didn't listen to my instincts. 1. The two waiters were dressed in street clothing, and didn't speak a word of ENG. 2. I asked for a mango lassi and got  "nothing served through the course of my meal." 3. The tables had spoons and knives, but no forks. I think by now, I should have walked out the door, but wanted to try this place. Gee, what is wrong with me? The food was tasteless, no salt, not flavor and diluted curries. by this I mean, additional water was added to the sauces and this process diluted the curries!!!! ( Wow!, cost control and quality control is definitely not part of their vocabulary here).The temp. was lukewarm and the quality of ingredients used were extremely poor. This is the first time I have ever had a bad meal at an Indian Restaurant, in the 20 yrs. tasting Las Vegas! PLEASE do not visit this place or you will end up with hear burn all day long, like I have. It's 11pm now and I am still feeling sick from my 1pm luncheon. Unless you have an enemy in your contact list, send them there. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYONE, even your worst enemy!
4	I came here with my boyfriend the other week.We arrived at exactly 11am, so we were the very first people there. They probably didn't expect anyone to get there that early because when we came in, there wasn't anyone at the front counter for about 5 minutes. Which was okay because it allowed me to take a bunch of pictures of the place without them noticing, haha. The lady welcomed us in and gave us a really nice window seat. I thought it was pretty cool that they had window seats, not many places do. Once we sat down she took our drink orders. I ordered a coffee and my boyfriend ordered water. Then we went to grab some grub from the buffet. The buffet looked pretty small, but it had a pretty good variety. The only thing that was missing was some sort of curry with PANEER! I was surprised, I've never been to an Indian lunch buffet that didn't have paneer. I got over it though, and it actually worked out pretty well since I was able to try out new things instead of sticking to the usual paneer and rice. When we went back to our seats, the woman brought us our drinks. I wasn't very impressed with my coffee. It was extremely bitter and I couldn't really fix it. What did I expect though? I don't know why I ordered coffee at an Indian restaurant lol. I guess I just needed my caffeine fix since it was still before noon. I probably made about 3 trips to the buffet just trying out different things and I still didn't even get to try them all because I just got SO FULL! All in all, I enjoyed this place, it was nice and there weren't many people at all since it was a weekday morning. I bet it's a lot more cool at night since they seem to have a pretty neat light set up and all. Maybe I'll check it out at night next time :)
3	Good reasonably priced Indian food.  Loved the naan and the korma.  The service was good, but the atmosphere was a bit cold.
2	I tried the lunch buffet, most of the items were flavorless and lacked the north indian/ mughlai masala. I think they have a cook from South india which probably explains better south indian dishes.The atmosphere was good. The servers need to dress properly.
3	This is the place that introduced me to Indian food. It advertised a $10 lunch buffet and isn't far from CSN. I can definitely say it made me love Indian food. Everything from the crusty garlic naan, to the curry, to the tandoori chicken wings. All of it was so good.The service is pretty good and I loved the restaurant's interior. It felt very comfortable in there. The exterior on the other hand is a different story. Everyone knows this used to be a 1950's themed diner, but does it have to be broadcasted? Also, the Bollywood movies and music got really nerve-wracking after a while.Although I did love it, I could already tell that there is indeed much better fare out there. I'm an Indian food amateur, but after I've tried some more Indian food, I'm sure I probably wouldn't ever go out of my way to this place again.
3	Lately, sadly to say, Bollywood Grille's food has been on a down-ward spiral. I would classify it as--flavor loss. Variety is also dwindling. I still like the place, don't get me wrong, but it is just not as good as it used to be when it first opened. Service is wonderful, quick and timely. I love the decor, but the food, although good, is not all that it was used to be. I give it 3.5 stars. Will keep on updating as I keep on visiting.
4	Suzy and I are big fans of Indian Cuisine, she's a gourmet cook and has made many different Indian dishes herself.  We've eaten at Bollywood at least a half dozen times and know the owner and his wife.  The food is made to order from my knowledge and the wife is the one whose provided the recipes.  Now, the decor in the restaurant is fine, and quite frankly I don't give a rats ass about how a place looks, I come for the grub.  If you're a fan of spicy food and have hair on your chest, go for the Vindaloo, it's unbelievably killer, I ate and cried, at the same time.  The Lamb Masala is excellent, I've had it several times, as are the vegetarian dishes.  The breads are excellent, hot, tasty and just the right amount of flavor.The Indian beer (litre bottle) goes extremely well with the food.  The food i very moderately priced, the service is good, not great, and the food quality is very good.  Now, I've eaten at Origin India in Las Vegas, and dollar for dollar, this place wins hands down.
3	I came for the AYCE Lunch special.PROS- * Good Service * Owner introduced herself.. very friendly * Dimly lit atmosphere with a Bollywood feel indeed! * flat screen with Bollywood Music Videos playing * Lots of natives of India were here...  that's always a good sign! * cheap lunch AYCE special * comfortable seating * Fresh Naan bread served... very very good !! * Centrally locatedCONS- * Selection was minimal in comparison to other AYCE of it's kind. * Tandoori lacked in flavor a bit, but still good. * There were no labels for the food.  If there was, it wasn't correct. * Dessert selection was very minimal (in glass case not w/ AYCE).TIPS-*  if you have a question about the food, don't hesitate to ask.  I found the staff to be quite friendly and even explained the preparation of the food.*  You can always get more Naan free of charge.  One of the best I've had.* I didn't see it on the menu, but they do have hot tea to help cleanse your palette in between different food selections.  It's possible that I overlooked it though.Overall:   Nothing extraordinary here, but pretty good for the price ($$).  It wouldn't be my first choice, but I wouldn't mind eating here again.  This place has bigger booths to host larger parties and even an outdoor area.
2	My family and I decided to give this place a try even though our instincts told us to leave before sitting down (only because there were no other customers there). However, we thought it just might be a slow time of day and so decided to go ahead and try it out. I ordered the chicken tikki masala (always a safe bet), and the rest of my family got the lunch buffet. Our waiter was extremely friendly and helpful, but unfortunately this didn't make up for the quality or flavor of the food. Everyone who ordered the buffet found it to be pretty.. questionable, shall we say? So-so flavor, and the foods were labeled incorrectly. I would rate my chicken tikki masala as "pretty good"-- not bad, but not the best I've had. However, the portion was extremely small for the $14 that it cost, and it didn't include rice. We left feeling disappointed and sorry that we had spent good money on food that only so-so overall. I might consider returning if the prices on the menu weren't so steep.
4	Great food . Tasty lunch buffet, for around $10. Service can be a little laxed  but, the food is worth it. Nice for a date. Love the buildings resemblance to a HollyWood Video Store and the Bollywood flix being played on the flat screens............
4	I was craving Indian cuisine and came in for a late dinner. The place is decorated like a Bollywood movie scene, and the large flat screen was playing Bhangra style music videos. Got a little nervous that there were no patrons other than myself, and I almost left. I'm soooo glad that I stayed. My husband and I ordered one of the prix fixe meals, The Director Cut for 29.99 (the most expensive meal on the menu). There were 3 appetizers, 3 entrees, and all you can eat basmati rice and naan. The food was great! I am familiar with Norther Indian cooking, and didn't order any southern style. The portions looked small when they came to the table, but there was really way too much, and I had to take the rest home, the chef even threw in extra naan. Again, the food was flavorful and well presented. The waiter explained each dish and it's ingredients, which I was thankful for. The surprise hit was the Baingan Bartha, which is an egg plant dish. The only reason I didn't rate Bollywood with 5 stars; the dessert was rice with milk and sugar (I really think they could have done better) and we were not offered any tea after our meal (the prix fixe comes with tea or coffee). I had the Kingfisher beer, it came in a 22oz bottle for 5.99 and tastes a lot like a New Castle. I will definitely be returning!
3	Me and a friend went in craving indian food. It was empty, we were the only customers for the hour. I can imagine it would look beautiful at night, it looked glitzy and had pictures of Bollywood celebrities. The menu even educates and introduces you to Bollywood culture. That I admire, there was even a Bollywood film playing. The menu was friendlier than the service, in my opinion. The movie didn't even have english subtitles. It felt like there was a disconnection culture-wise.When it comes to ordering, I wasn't sure what to order, I was more like 'something fruity' for drink, and 'something with lamb' for entree. The waiter immediately had great suggestions, but only by names, he doesn't eloborate much. I had mango juice and lamb palak (spinach cream). mango juice was sweet than fruity, and the lamb dish was spicy but very good. My friend had mango lassi and chicken masala. He's a big eater and these filled him up! our bill was near 50$ however. I'm not sure if that's an ideal price, perhaps I'll look around more.
2	Most Indian restaurant managers don't want Indian customers to write reviews, it's like abusing inside information! That said, the baingan (eggplant) bharta and daal makhni at this place tasted like someone opened a Trader Joe's entree, the naan was way too chewy although flavorful, but the prawn masala was OK. The minuscule prints of Bollywood stars were dimly lit and unimpressive, and not a single dish was blessed by the star it was named for on a whim.They had one TV with a Kareena Kapoor DVD playing; many places have two or three screens and don't mention Bollywood anywhere. Lighting was too dark, the waiter was friendly but unhelpful, and there were exactly six diners in the restaurant between 7 and 9 PM. It looked like an eerie movie set of an old black-and-white Sadhna mystery, minus the creaky door. If you're only vaguely familiar with Indian food and indifferent towards Bollywood, read  the 3-star reviews and enjoy. But if you're not, go, and don't forget to write your own 1-star review of this pricey loser.I gave it two stars because we didn't try the inexpensive South Indian dishes which are all vegetarian. Who knows, they just might be good!
4	We love Bollywood! The only reason I give it 4 stars is because of the foods flavor consistency.
1	Unfortunately the phone number is out of service.
1	We called them to make sure they were open & there phone was disconnected. So I am guessing this restaurant has closed down.
2	Not the best Indian restaurant around.  Based on two  visits for launch, I can confirm that this restaurant falling behind other Indian restaurants in town.  I went to launch buffet the owner was standing in front of the door an talking on his phone. I had to sit my self in one of the tables.  The service was so so the waiter brought me water and nan but he was a little slow to take the empty plates.  I also couldn't ignore the uncomfortable feeling that the owner and his wife were talking on the phone and to each other in the dining hall in front of their costumers. Other restaurants have offices or kitchens I hear.  The food wasn't look very fresh and the selection was minimal.  The food display need to be CHANGED, it has broken clear plastic over it that had been fixed with adhesive tape. The decor looks like a diner that had been transformed to this restaurant very dark inside. It also has a TV set that plays nonstop Indian movies.  All in all, I won't come back here anymore, there are better Indian restaurants in town.
1	BollywoodSahara I atmosphere was nice but not everything is what it seems.As I walked into Bollywood on Sahara, I was pleased to see nice Indian flair throughout the restaurant I was greeted and sat at a table. I looked around and saw very nice pictures on the walls and nice booths and tables.  As I was waiting for my other half of my party to show up, I noticed that the temperature of the restaurant was a bit chilly and the man sitting in the front, who I assumed was the owner was wearing a coat. I was thinking I should have worn mine. My party arrived we started to look at the menu to make choices, only one problem, his menu was not in the same order as mine, it was confusing for my guest (who has never eaten Indian) to follow along with what I was explaining to him since our menu were so mixed up. After finally making our selection, we ordered and the appetizer came out fairly quickly. The selection was vegetable somosas, these were delicious and the waiter explained the two different choices of sauce to the both of us. My guest ordered the mixed grill and I ordered the vegetable biryani as main entrees. The food came out it was hot and looked nice. The mixed grill was very nice and tastey with two tandrooi pieces of chicken, tandrooi shrimp; sheek sausage and other spicy chicken pieces.  My vegetable biryani, however, was lacking flavor and heat, also the vegetable korma that came with the mixed grill was lacking excitement. I was disappointed about the lack of flavor since Indian food is my all time favorite meals to eat. I think the last thing that was disappointed in my visit was the waiter who clearly had not taken a shower in days. I did not say anything it was my guest who brought this point up to me.  You could still smell him after he walked by. This and a lack of flavor in the food and the cold atmosphere made this not the most pleasant experience for me and my guest. and surely not worth the $40.00 plus a tip bill.Sorry Bollywood, catchy name but nothing to back the great time and food I thought I would have. Two thumbs down.
4	It's closed! Too Bad. Had a nice lunch buffet.
2	Not surprised that this place closed down. Mediocre food, small selection in their lunch buffet, and weak service equals dead restaurant walking on borrowed time. The only positive aspect of our visit was we met another Indian cuisine loving couple who we actually ended up sitting down with at the same table. They told us that their favorite Indian place was Mt. Everest, and wouldn't you know it, it has become one of our faves too!
