4	This cheap hole-in-the-wall in Chinatown has approximately 100 items on the menu (that's a fact, not an exaggeration).  I tried the singapore noodles for lunch and they were quite good!  And actually, the egg roll was delicious and meaty; better than average.I give 4 stars to any restaurant I want to go back to, and this is one of them.  Lots of interesting and cheap food on their menu that I'd like to explore.
2	I got some vegetables and chow mein to go for supper.  Both were swimming in goopy white sauce and were not awesome.  Also, the shrimp was definitely not cooked all the way, to the point where I stopped eating it because I figured I didn't want to risk food poisoning over a mediocre supper.  I will definitely not order the shrimp chow mein again and won't be getting take out from there again any time soon.I'll give this restaurant one more chance, since I liked it the first time.  To be continued...
2	Literally not much more than a hole in the wall located in a neglected corner of Chinatown this restaurant isn't a place to bring business partners, dates, or anybody you are hoping to impress. It's a dingy restaurant that's clearly seen better days and my iron stomach gets a little uneasy every time I step into the place.While the decor doesn't shine, the food does thanks to the thick sheen of oil on just about everything that comes out of the kitchen.  It's typical Canadian style Chinese food and not a good version.The one and only thing that is reasonably decent and even worth going back and risking food poisoning for is their selection of rice hot pots. It's a dangerously hot earthenware bowl of cooked rice that has a nice crispy crust on top, then they top it with a juicy stir fry, the sauces flow into and get absorbed by the rice.  It's the perfect choice for a wintry Montreal lunch and is one of the few Chinese dishes where I bypass the chopsticks and head straight for the spoon. Be warned, they take about 15 minutes to cook, but I've never seen them sold anywhere else in Montreal.
5	The noodles themselves are unique as they differ from the others around. The noodles at Sai Gwan are egg flour noodles and are not the wheat-flour "pulled" noodles as some noodle-heads are used too. I ordered the wonton "lo mien", which means "mixed noodle". The soup comes on the side and you can spoon it over each bite as you make your way through the dish, or sip it on its own. The noodles sit in a puddle of a soy sauce and oil mixture with sugar and white pepper with scallions (mixing is necessary). Coincidently, you've just been witness to the shattering of a world record of how many times the word "noodle" can be used in a paragraph.There are certain things you order at different restaurants if you have any clue what you're doing there. You're not going to a truck stop to order their version of Boeuf Bourguignon. To give this place a bad rap based on your own ignorance is unfair.  Have their specialties, everything else is just filler.
