5	Sure, this place might already have Christmas songs mixed in with their regular songs (even though it was only November 3rd) but it's still the best Ann Taylor I've ever been to. It's in the Arizona Mills Mall, which is an outlet mall, but this isn't an Ann Taylor outlet, per se.  As in, they also carry the newer collections on top of the discounted shoes and clothing. What struck me about the place was not the clothing or selection but the service.  I wish I lived closer to Arizona just so every time I went shopping Judith could help me.This is a clean, bright store, and the service is amazing.  If you live in the area, go here.  Besides, you're sure to find some bargains.
5	A few weeks ago, I received a gift card for Ann Taylor Loft. Since I typically prefer shopping online, I just logged onto www.anntaylorloft.com, picked a few shirts from the sale section, and placed my order. I was definitely impressed by their selection - I always forget how classic and wearable the clothes at the Loft version of Ann Taylor are. When I received my clothes after just a few short days, I was dismayed to find that none of the tops fit. Ahh, yes, the perils of online shopping. Dreading the painful process of returning the items by mail, I checked the website for detailed exchange instructions and was overjoyed to discover that any Ann Taylor Loft items ordered online could be returned or exchanged in store. I looked up the closest store to me, which happened to be this location in the Arizona Mills mall. Arizona Mills has a reputation for being the worst mall in Phoenix, and I wholeheartedly agree with that characterization. However, I was definitely happy with the experience I had at this Ann Taylor Loft store and would return just to go there. As an FYI, this store is located at the beginning of "Neighborhood 4" - for some stupid reason, Arizona Mills labels the areas of the mall as "neighborhoods" - which is easily accessed by parking by the entrance that features big Marshalls and Last Call signs, entering, and then walking to your left. When I told the salesperson that I was there to exchange some items I bought online, she told me she would keep the items ordered online at the desk while I shopped around. I was happy to find that they had a massive section of sale items, with plenty of selection in each size and color. Everything was clearly labeled, and another salesperson got me set up with a fitting room as soon as I started browsing. When it came time to exchange the items, the salesperson did so quickly and smoothly and I left with three new items that actually fit. The whole shopping experience was seamless, and these days, that's hard to come by. I'll definitely be back to browse those sale racks again!
4	I do not like the Mills Mall but I will stop in here periodically just to run into Ann Taylor Loft, plus a couple of other stores.  This is a nice store in a terrible location.  I'm always hoping that it never closes at this location because it is a big store, uncrowded, you can find great deals, and the service is always nice.
