5	Sir Elton John! A million dollar Piano! And... an amazing show!Through work, I was lucky enough to attend the grand opening for free! Elton John for free?! Please sign me up!It's Elton John. The name is legend. And he put on a legendary performance. Elton's (yeah, we're on a first name basis) patio sits stage left.For anyone that hasn't been to the The Colosseum, it is an open space. There are no obstruction of views. It's a medium size theater, but it still feels intimate, I was in the 2nd Mezzanie (aka the nose bleeds of the theater) and it still didn't feel like I was far away.Elton John openned with "The Bitch Is Back" and the theater came alive. He went on to perform several classics, a few lesser known tracks, and a few tracks from his latest release.Elton was on point. He made small talk with the audience. Told a few stories from his past. And murdered it on the keys! Elton John is a true showman. You can tell he loves to entertain and we the entertained loved every second of his performance.The shows duration was about 2 hours. And doesn't want to look back at life and reflect on the 2 hours you spent with a living legend.Well done, Mr. John, and well played.
5	Elton John rocked the house for about two hours. He play all of his hits and everyone had a great time. This is a must see show when you are in Las Vegas.
5	If you do anything in Vegas I highly recommend this concert. Elton John's voice is strong and powerful and his piano playing is over the top. Caesars is a great venue as its not too big and the sound and visuals send you over the top! Don't miss this concert. Its life altering.
5	Amazing!  This is one of the best concerts I have ever been to.From the piano, which sounded and looked fantastic, to Elton John's voice which was in top form.  His band, the production values and sets are unbelievable.The venue isn't very large and I don't think there is a bad seat in the house.  I posted one photo from our seats so you can see the view from the first mezzanine.this is a concert not to be missed.  I won't write much more because I don't want to ruin anything for anybody.
2	If you go hoping to see and hear sir Elton John do outrageous costume changes from yesteryear besides his wonderful singing...don't go. Sir Elton does wonderful songs but that's it. He is more mature now, no high heeled shoes, think they are tennis shoes and no costumes.. We went on 7 oct. The sound was bad.  Too much background music over his wonderful voice so the lyrics were drowned out. To get great seats had to pay a broker almost $600 for 25 row for this performance which is ALOT for us. Good performance but not the hoopla we hoped for especially not being able to hear sir Eltons voice clear.  The sound issue really made the money spent to be the highlight of our trip sad and disappointing.  We could have bought the cheapest tickets and it wouldn't have mattered.
5	Amazing show enjoyed hearing Elton's performance with some great effects
5	The legend lives up to his reputation.  I was lucky enough to see both The Red Piano and now The Million Dollar Piano.  It is fantastic.  The show is really about the man, his music, and his piano.  There are no distractions.  He played his hits and a few lesser known (to me) tunes so it was a perfect balance.Welcome back to Vegas, Sir Elton.  You have been missed.
2	Just OK.  If you've never seen Elton John in the 80's, 90's, or 00's, then this is a great show for you.  However, for those of us that have seen him many times in prior years, this show is a dud.  First off, his voice is gone.  He struggles to get the tonal quality of all of his classics, and he loses so much from the effects and beauty of those greatest hits off 'Madman Across the Water" and "Tumbleweed Connection".  Case in point, listening to him struggle with "Your Song" made me want to cry.  On the positive side, I have never ever seen his piano playing hotter or more 'spot on' than I did last night. This was the greatest part of the show.  In summary:  A true classic artist that's worth seeing if you haven't before.  Others like me just might end up cringing their way through it.
4	Seeing Elton John in concert has always been on my bucket list so I am so glad I had the chance to see him on 2/9/12. It was my first Elton John concert and I was not disappointed at all in the performance. The man is a talented legend and his voice is a true gift and appreciate that he is willing to still share it with us.The venue is small so there is not a bad seat in the house and it is amazing how the technology "show" that is displayed on his piano doesn't impact the incredible sounds made by those ivory keys. Loved the background videos that complemented his songs although it looked like on the night we went, they were having some technical issues with one of the large monitor screens in the background (And my reason for a 4 star instead of a 5).The percussionist was a riot. If Sir Elton was not so darn talented, he might have stolen the show. I could watch him for hours-he made playing something simple like the tambourine a beautiful art form and he was extremely animated throughout the night. Great performances by all but Sir Elton and the percussionist definitely stand out way far from the rest of the band.He takes the time to shake people's hands on the front row and adds some personal stories throughout the night. I would agree that his concerts have probably changed in dynamics from his "wild days" while hooked on drugs but I am OK with that. It was a wonderful evening with plenty of energy from a now much more mature Elton John. If you are in Vegas-see it while you can!!
5	Amazing. Elton John was incredible. An over the top elaborate stage (did you expect anything less from him and Ceasers?), great lighting, wonderful sound and a rocking playlist. I may have been born in '88 and missed his glory days, but I love his music and am so grateful to have seen him live.He sat right in the middle of the stage, with his face facing towards the right hand side if your looking at the stage from the seats. This is *Very* important. I made sure if I was spending $500 for me and the girl that I wanted to see his face, so I made sure to get seats on the right hand side. (I sat 6th row in front orchestra far right hand side, perfect seats, I uploaded a picture for you to see). The people sitting on the mirrored spot from where I was could have only seen his back.... I would have been pissed! Definitely pay attention to this if you want to sit really close!!!!The million dollar piano was seriously wild. LED sides that are like a visualizer to go along with his playing, all tying into the set design behind him. No problems at all during the performance relating to the tech. This was a Valentine's Day show... he even wished us good luck getting lucky :P Elton was awesome. A must see. 6 stars out of 5
5	it was a great show. he's a performer for sure. he met our expectations. stage and piano graphics were amazing. he was the main reason we came to vegas and it was worth it.
5	Bought almost front row seats for 250 dollars, maybe 6 rows back.  I'm not really an Elton fan, my wife is, but I must say that the show was great! I enjoyed the music which was flawless, and the visual effects are fantastic. For a great evening of fun, take your wife or girlfriend and enjoy.  BTW, they get you right in and seated very efficiently so there is no standing in line on the way in or out.  They tell you "all we ask is that you don't record anything during the performance", but there were hundreds of phone and cameras videotaping the show and no one attempted to make people put away their recording devices.  Also, Ray Cooper the drummer was great! We saw him in one of the Cesar's Palace restaurants having dinner after the show.
5	AMAZING. Elton John is a MUST SEE in Vegas.He's a charismatic, brilliant, and talented entertainer.I loved his show! Will recommend to all my friends!
5	Elton John is similar to a fine whiskey; initially bold and finishes smoothly. In the Colosseum built for Celine, the one and only divo tore the venue down. It is a no holds barred brawl; he takes jabs at presidential hopefuls and his fellow resident performers. I got a chance to see him this past weekend for my best friend and my birthday and was blow away by the entertainment value. We were 15 rows from the front, on the left side, and got a clear view of the Million Dollar Piano. If given the choice, sit off to the left since that is where the piano is stationed. The man does one wardrobe change, a quick switch of shoes, and plays for around 2 hours. The amount of hit songs in his repertoire is unbelievable. Even with his nonstop playing, Elton was unable to play all of his hits. Without hearing all of his most famous songs, it does not feel like you are missing out on anything.
5	It's hard for me to compose this review. I want to tell you all about the show, but I don't want to ruin it for you! There's so much to see/hear!But let me tell you this: if you want a performance where the music is good, the entertainer is lively, the stage is awesome, and band is great, and the venue is amazing itself...?!?! GO TO THIS. Also, I'll have Crocodile Rock stuck in my head for the next month.
5	Hands down, the best concert I have ever seen. Elton John can still pound the keys on the piano like he's 20. He is the perfect performer for Las Vegas--still flashy and extremely talented. If you can spring for it, get house left seats in the first five rows. The people up there were having SO MUCH FUN and I wished I was up there with them, dancing and flailing, being best buds with Elton. He has such good rapport with his audiences that I plan on getting those tickets the next time I can afford them.
5	As a true fan of The Killers, you might want to view a show by their most famous fan, Elton John! He has influenced them immensely, but he himself has said many-a-time to anyone who would listen that he is a huge fan of theirs (and their style). Also, the Killers go to his shows once in a while, and get dinner with him afterwards. Brandon Flowers said about Elton in an interview: "He gets bored because he's cooped up in a hotel and he wants to go do something. So we'll go off to his show - we've done it a few times - and we'll eat dinner with him afterwards." Pretty cool. More info: http://thesponge-dani.blogspot.com/2011/10/victims-pilgrimage-killers-fans-guide.html
5	Phenomenal. So good, we seriously contemplated returning the following evening. Elton is so vibrant, powerful, and engaging...the crowd was super receptive as well, which never hurts.  A little bummed he didn't perform some of his all-time classics but we got in a solid two hours of great music nonetheless!  Everything was solid, but he did a phenomenal job with Philadelphia Freedom (interactive!) and Goodbye Yellow Brick Road.
4	#30DaysOfYelp: 22/30Wish I had a glass topped Yamaha grand with a fancy tv screen down the side! No wonder it's called The Million Dollar Piano...Go see this show! I play some piano so I think Elton John's pretty cool, but I'm not such a huge fan that I'd buy tickets see him at home. Glad I did in Vegas though! I saw this with some family, and I was blown away by his personality, enthusiasm, the lights/video, and his band! We sat on the 2nd mezzanine (almost nosebleeds) but on the left side, so we had a great view of him playing. He played a solid 2 hours of hits, and it was so great to watch everyone together, especially that percussionist in the back. I was a percussionist in school so it was awesome to see an expert's skills. Best way to play a tambourine is with a fancy dance & flourish!As with all concerts, there are always some people in the audience who like it WAY too much. One lady, who was a couple rows below was dancing the whole 2 hours, her hands waving in the air, blocking the view. I don't mind people enjoying music & having a blast, but respect people around you, woman! They paid for their tickets too! I thought it was funny though, when Elton played "Circle of Life" she sat down & stopped wriggling altogether. She didn't even clap at the end of the song. She must really hate The Lion King! What's up with that?If you can get floor seats near the front, do it. At the end, some audience members went up on stage & gathered around the piano for the last song. Elton was whisked away really quickly though...I guess he would be swarmed if he stayed, heh. Must be nice to have bodyguards.
5	This was my first time seeing Elton John in concert and I was BLOWN away. I had chills as he performed and don't think I blinked for the two hours he was on stage. It was so nice to see him in an intimate-ish setting and not in a jam packed arena with 50,000 people. The stage was colorful and kept in with the mood of the show. I know he couldn't sing every one of my favorite songs but I'm glad I got to hear "Tiny Dancer" and "Your Song" live. I definitely recommend this show!
5	I had never seen Elton before this but I must say, I would love to again. This man is an entertainer and puts on a great show. The show was cheaper than most cirque shows, we paid close to 200 for two tickets. Well worth it. You can get in an hour before the show starts and that is highly recommended. The show will be sold out or close to it. The ushers are helpful and funny. They just ask that you don't shoot video but you can take pictures. They enforce the no video thing. Elton plays with a full band, a few of them from his original lineup. He plays like twenty songs straight with a brief five minute break to change clothes. He takes time to crack jokes and really engage the audience. You will sing along, he's that good. Some ladies farther down were getting pretty crazy but I guess that's the Elton effect. Pay the money, see the show, repeat.
5	I have to be honest and say this isn't a show that I would have paid Vegas prices to see but that's just the local in me.  Luckily, I was invited last minute on a Wednesday night to check it out.  I'm glad I said yes because it was amazing.  I didn't realize how many songs I would recognize and Elton is an amazing performer.  His stage presence, voice and interaction with the crowd is awesome!  There is a large screen behind him the entire time showing video montages correlating with whatever song he is singing and it has some great images from the early stages of his career.  His band is also amazing! For a Wednesday night there wasn't any empty seats.  I thought it was cool how if you were in the first few rows you were called on stage during the end while her performed.  The only negative to me was no encore and I was hoping he would perform Candle in the Wind.
5	Amazing production. Great set list. John's voice still very solid. Accompanying musicians world class. Despite his age, and 300 million in the bank, Elton is energetic and enthusiastic and puts on a hell of a Vegas show.
5	Amazing! What a great show! We got upgraded tickets so we got to be on the lowest level and it was such a great upgrade instead of having to be on the third balcony. Elton John did excellent and played the entire time! A full 2 hours of a show and totally amazing. Boyfriend isn't even an EJ fan and LOVED the show... it's THAT good! Read all of the reviews they won't lead you astray- such a great show and worth every penny. It's a great way to spend 2 hours!
5	Fantastic show. Elton John is an amazing performer and this show did not let down. Tickets were very reasonable (for a Vegas show). Set lasted almost exactly 2 hours and he played all the hits. Highly recommended.
5	Saw this show on 5/9/13 with my mom, who has always wanted to see Elton John.  We were 13th row lower center orchestra, which was amazing.  We were close enough to see everything, but far enough back to enjoy crowd-watching.  Seats were a bit steep in price (paid 550 bucks for 2 tickets) - but worth every penny.  Elton does a lot of talking in between songs, telling great stories which I thoroughly enjoyed.  The show was packed, and I can see why - worth your time if you are in town while he is performing!
5	Save your dollars, work your ass off, turn some tricks if you must, but SEE THIS SHOW!!I have been an Elton John fan my whole life.  Having grown up with his music, my two princesses are as well.  So when we took them to Las Vegas to celebrate the younger one's college graduation (WooooHoooooooo!!) and found out it coincided with The Million Dollar Piano show, we knew we must take the girls.  This is a fabulous venue with damn near flawless acoustics.  Elton John is still, amazingly, at the top of his game.  Creatively, the show is a marvel.  Do I love it more than The Red Piano?  I couldn't make a choice if I had to.  This one is a little less raunchy and a little more sentimental.  Both are amazing.Once again, we went for the really, really good seats.  Seeing my grown daughters speechless with wonder was worth all that and more.  Let's take a minute to explore exactly why:An Elton John song was the theme for my high school prom.When my girls were young, The Lion King was THE MOVIE THAT PLAYED ENDLESSLY.  You parents know what I mean.  There is one movie that your kids want again and again and again and again.....My oldest was, at the time we saw this show, expecting her first baby.Cue the waterworks.  The Circle of Life.  Wow.  Thank you, Sir Elton John, for providing our family with 2 hours we will never, ever forget.
5	One of the best shows/concerts that I've been too. Elton John can really belt it out even though he's been doing this for years and that he's getting up there... The Colloseum is a great venue to have concerts. It seats a lot and the stage is huge but yet it still feels intimate and I don't think there really is a bad seat in the house. I'm glad I got to see EJ don't know when I would get another chance. I would recommend seeing him ASAP!
5	It's Elton John.  What more is there to say?  The songs are legendary and when you're as in love with the music as I am it's just such an emotional show.  How can one person house so much pure talent?  It's magical.  I loved every minute, every song.  Whenever I'm lucky enough to see Elton John it's truly a memorable experience.
5	This is hands down one of the best shows I've seen in Las Vegas.  Elton John is at his best.  The show is so much better than his Red Piano show which was at Caesars several years ago and it was a super show!This time, he has chosen to make full use of the Colosseum's marvelous LED screen  The panel is 120 feet by 40 feet--the largest in North America-- and it's able to show almost any graphic imaginable. The piano is a Yamaha Grand that took four years to build and contains 68 LED video screens.  During the show, the projections on the Colosseum screen are matched by identical images on the piano.  It is amazing.Sir Elton is more personal during this show.  He doesn't talk at length, but when he does, it adds greatly to the show.  I was interested in how he and longtime lyricist Bernie Taupin produced the music they did over their many years of collaboration.Although the set list is great from beginning to end, there were three pieces that really got to me--"Your Song", "Empty Garden (Hey Hey Johnny)", and "Indian Sunset."  I have loved "Indian Sunset" from first hearing and I was glad he added it to this show.He's backed by a great band and some fine singers.  In short, the show has everything!The show runs about 2 hours and it's a concert you won't forget.
5	Best show ever.  I was the most excited person there.  Elton John was interactive and his voice is stunning as he ages.  Best part, I was in the 4th row, I got to get on stage with him.  It was unreal- about 4 feet away and was life changing.  I would go if I had to pay $100 for the worst seat in the house (but soooooo glad I splurged and got to be so close.)
5	Once in a lifetime experience.  Like seeing a volcano , see it once, cause you'll never see anything like this again. Show duration, is two hours. Sit on the left as you face the stage, that's where he performs with the $1M piano.
5	Do not....I repeat....Do NOT.....go to Vegas and miss this show. Forget Cirq, forget the comedians and image folks.....Elton John is an ICON and proves, with the best Vegas show I've ever seen. We upgraded and thought what the hell are we doing spending this much $$'s on a concert. Well....that was on the way in. On the way out, we were trying to figure out how to bring the kids back to see Sir Elton. Great show, great musicians, standing O after standing O.
4	One of the best shows I've ever seen. If you have any affection for Elton John's music, see this. He's a spectacular performer, the venue is great (we had nosebleed seats and could see everything, though some binocs helped with picking out the detail on his sparkly shoes), and his band is fantastic (I have never before thought someone playing a tambourine was a badass).The only puzzler was the crowd. The audience was strangely still and silent. There was no chair dancing going on at all in our area (although the guy next to my companion WAS doing a little dance with his thumbs and index fingers - tiny dancer, indeed). I don't know how you can just sit there quietly in your chair listening to ELTON JOHN belting out Crocodile Rock live, and not want to jump up and shake everything. Needless to say, when the lights went on, the Strangely Subdued Concertgoers promptly filed right out without a standing O or encouragement for an encore. Weird.This was my first time seeing Elton John live, and I truly hope to see him again.
5	The best concert I have seen in quite a while.  Elton sings all of his hit songs and doesn't try out some weirdo songs that nobody has heard before.  The drummer he has is a maniac.However, this is the only con of the entire concert:Old White people Dancing.  That's right....OWD.  Nothing in this world is worse than OWD.  They have no rhythm, they get liquored up, and suddenly think they are in their 20s and 30s.  No grandma....stop griding on the college student next to you or you lose your margarita privileges.Other than OWD the concert was great.
5	Amazing!  In one word, that is how I would describe this show.  I have previously seen the Red Piano tour, but the only thing similar to that show is that famous chord, on his opening number of Benny and the Jets.  MDP is a return to music, music, music.  No inflatable boobs, no Pamela Anderson pole dancing (sorry guys), no big Bananas,  just some old gold Elton.  The highlight was when his piano and the whole stage became a screen for some really neat visual effects.  This was one pricey show but well worth the money!
5	Absolutely amazing show!! Highly, highly recommend it to everyone! Elton John is such an entertainer. I can't say enough wonderful things about this show! The venue was terrific, awesome effects, stupendous band playing with Elton. His percussionist is phenomenal! So entertaining to watch! One of my favorite parts was when he had the audience sing the chorus to Crocodile Rock...everyone was so into it! Such a memorable evening!!! Don't miss out!!  Go see it- the tickets are affordable. All seats are good!
5	Loved the show. Very entertaining.  Elton engaged the audience with personal stories in  a humbling way. at the end of the show, Elton let about 50 people on stage with him for his last song. What a night.  Lovely time. Great music.
5	I have always wanted to see Elton John live in concert,With his Caesar's run about to be over, I pulled the trigger and bought tickets. Were they expensive, HELL YA.Were they great seats, HELL YAWas it worth it, HELL YAWe sat in section 5, 6 rows from the stage, Elton sat in front of us all night and played the piano.  The only bummer was they allowed the first 5 rows on stage during Saturday Night Alright for Fighting and we missed it by 1 row.Elton played 19 great songs, he was defiantly having fun and loved the applause showered upon him by the audience. Even kicking out one of the security guards who was trying to stop somebody in the first row from stop dancing.The video screen behind the band and on the piano really added a touch to the show.Elton has not lost a beat. He put on a amazing show.It ranks up there with one of my favorites concerts of all time.
4	I so so so wanted to give this 5 stars.By far the best show I saw while in Vegas. All the glitz & glamour that you would expect from a Las Vegas show.Elton John was BRILLIANT, honestly one of the best live performers I've ever ever seen & probably the most talanted person I've ever had the honour to be in the presence of. I'd also like to point out that I wasn't a huge fan of his before we went to the show, yeah i liked his music but I don't own any of his CDs! He just really blew me away on the night. His voice was perfect, like listening to the radio & his band complemented him so well.The venue was also brilliant, the acoustics were great and the seats (despite ours being the cheap seats) had a fantastic view no matter where you sat.The reason I'm deducting a star is because my camera was confiscated from me before the start of the show, when no one else in my party of 17 people had their camera taken, and in fact we were explicitly told by the usher taking us to our seats that we were welcome to take photos, just no videos. Now my camera was taken despite the fact that there was no extended zoom lens or anything fancy about it, there's no even flash on my camera. It was taken because it "looked professional". So it was too pretty to take in with me?? Annoying. It didn't ruin my night, but throughout the whole show I was so conscious of having to collect it at the end while I had 16 other people in a bus waiting for me so it did put a bit of a damper on the whole thing for me.
1	I was so, so excited to finally get to see Elton John, a legend.  Well, I wish I would have discussed the reviews prior to going.  He acted like he didn't want to be there.  He sat at the piano sang a few songs, got up walked to one side of stage, said a sentence, no clue what, walked back to piano sang a few songs, walked to other side of stage, said something again uninspiring, sang again and exited.  One of my biggest things I rate singers by is the way they thank the audience for "giving them their life" and I don't recall him saying thank you to fans, being honored or moved by the music, sharing any kind of intro or story about a song.  He was just very robotic and unenergized.  I have since heard people say he was much worse when they were there including throwing cursing tantrums onstage.  Probably one of my biggest disappointment.  Shania Twain was worse, but I didn't expect greatness from her.  What is it with Caesars and bad, bad entertainers.
5	Well, let's face it, Elton John is pretty much a music legend. And I had never before seen him live, so when in Vegas... We sat in the cheap seats. Literally the last row in the highest section. The stage is small from back there, but there's really not a bad seat in the house. The sound was great. And it was nice to be able to see the full spectacle of the stage and the sets.Elton talked some to the crowd about a few of the songs. There were some costume changes. And a fair amount of set and lighting changes. But nothing was over-the-top or took too long to happen.Most of the songs were older ones. Which, while "before my time", I preferred as those were the ones that had the most musical influence. The only more current song he really did was the Lion King one. Which, of course, was part of the finale.One reason I wished we were in closer seats is that during one song at the end, a whole bunch of members from the audience got to come on stage and crowd around the piano. It would've legen...waitforit...dary to have been able to do that.All in all, this is a great show. If you're in Vegas and want to see a great performer, this is well worth it.
