5	I usually don't give five stars when it's the first time I go somewhere as I want to be sure I'll get the same amazing experience the next time, but Piri-Piri really impressed me.It may not be a fancy restaurant, but this rotisserie is the proof that fast food doesn't always mean crappy food. First, a line-up to a restaurant is, most of the time, a good indicator of the place. When you enter this little restaurant, on top of the good smell of the chicken cook on charcoal, you'll be welcome by a friendly, and enthusiast staff.I took a Chorizo sausage sandwich, with fries, and salad. Before going to the cashier to pay my due, I was intrigued by what looked like to be potatoes with some sort of dressing. One of the staff look at me, told me that I'll like these, and put some on my plate for free! All the food, from French fries, to these yummy potatoes, and my sausages were amazing, and really tasty. I was with 3 other friends who took different meals, and were also happy, and really impress with them.As a social media enthusiast, I'm always happy to see merchant having specials or offers for people that check-in. Not only they were giving free soft drink to people who do it on Facebook, they were actively promoting it to their customers. It was the first time I saw a place really use this strategy proactively!So at the end:- A fast, and friendly service;- A yummy, and really inexpensive meal;- A clean, and nice venue on Masson;- A really good surprise!Even if I'm not going in this neighborhood quite often, I'll go back to this restaurant for sure.
4	Recently picked up a chicken meal to go. Chicken was tasty, sauce was nice and spicy. Only downside...the fries. Next time I'm taking rice or potatoes. Let others have the shoe leather.
4	Very good chicken :) I recommend this place
4	Good food, great prices, nice people... Overall I liked the experience and would return. I only had one meal here so my comments are limited, but the Churrasco chicken leg meal I had was delicious, simple, affordable, and the portion was good as well.
5	Very gluten free friendly place. Also peanut free. They were helpful with navigating the allergies. We went in because there was a huge line which is usually a great sign! (And it was).  You can see all the chicken being cooked on the grill. You line up and order at the counter. Rice, potatoes, salad with chicken. All really amazing. Flan also gluten free for dessert. Lots of food at a really great price. Love this place.
5	Best Portuguese chicken in town! Now Romados taste boring......Good price, They only down side is the queue sometimes
5	Great service, authentic portuguese food and consistency.
5	moi j'adore votre poulet toujours cuit a point le service merveilleux le personnel ecoute nos demande merci et bonne annee a vous tous
