4	I have been to a few gay bars in Vegas and have to say this was the best one yet!  I had a great time!  Bartenders were fast and friendly.  I didn't wait in line at all to get it!  Met a few cool people too!
3	Big space lots of boys and designated VIP areas (am not one well at least in Vegas but somehow I ended up there) and just music and more music.  It's a big club and you will dance your ass off other than that nothing more memorable except for the 23yr old (no he didn't come back with us to our room).
4	My first experience here last year set an unattainable standard for this place.  It was right after the Madonna concert.  It was packed, packed, packed.   What a wonderful night and what a view.  The hottest men imaginable danced on the stage or engaged in some ceiling hanging by a sheet and performed the most litherous (is that a word?) dancing I have ever witnessed.  The flexibility, on these muscle studs was, very impressive and I'm a yoga teacher, so trust.
5	Personally, I love Krave - as opposed to the other clubs on the fruity loop, Krave actually brings in TALENT! Its great to see national acts that normally I would have to go to Los Angeles or San Diego to see. It seems to me like their promoters put a lot of thought into what people really want to see, and go out of their way to make it a reality!
4	Yes it is an alternative bar but the people there make you feel welcome.  I am straight and everyone I went with was straight as well.. We had a great time.  You didn't have any disgusting guys hitting on you and trying to get your number like every other bar around.  The Drag show was AMAZING!! Funny as hell!! Sunday nights are amazing there.... 2$ drinks after 12am..... Great place to get away from all the other bars
4	One of the best dance clubs I've been to in a long time.  Although the bar and seating areas were very crowded, I didn't feel closed in, unlike some venues.  The dancefloor is spacious and the dancers are hot.
5	Definitely had a great time here.  VIP table definitely made the experience a ton of fun since we had somewhere just to chat and retreat to.  The service was awesome.Mostly I just loved the music.  Their DJ actually MIXED music, which is a nice departure from the crap I have to listen to in DC on a regular basis.I had more fun on Friday, but Saturday has some cool acrobatics going on.I would definitely refrain from coming here two nights in a row though.  With all the stuff to do in Vegas, I wish we had done something else the last night.  (if you are single, this might be a different story)
4	After much deliberation, I've come the conclusion that I only liked this place because:1. As an out-of-towner, I didn't have to drive home.2. The Smoothie stand in the Miracle Mile shops had already fed me enough of something called "octane" to keep me drunk for the next few nights.3. Amanda Lepore was cool enough to party there at New Years....and 4. because I was in a liplock with a nameless bloke for most of the night.Needless to say, I missed Amanda's show because I was in someone's mouth. Another bummer was when I missed the countdown while trying to close my damn bar tab. Grrrr.The bathroom is nice and clean though. The bathroom-helper-guy doesn't carry salvia, but's still pretty handy with other provisions. Overall, the place is really nice-looking. It beats the hell out of any gay-frienldly place in San Diego, but it's not quite a match for LA.
1	Well we just returned from Vegas and last Thursday we decided to check this place out...we were disappointed.  First, the club was about 2/10 full so it felt weird with all this space and few patrons. Second, we were charged cover for this p.o.s. club with no one side. lol !  Third, we left after 30 mins of noticing that everyone was leaving around 1 am...this is VEGAS and isn't that normally when things get going here????  Oh well...so me and my partner left feeling awkward sitting around with about 30 guys tops...and 2 go-go dances...one bartender...We just concluded that maybe Thursday nights are dead here...so maybe it's best to go clubbing in Vegas on weekends...at least for the gay clubs...
5	Magical. Memorable.
4	the dancers are hot, the drinks are good and the DJ's are always on point. i end up having fun here all the time. i'm always butt-wasted when i get here, there... all my lovely gay friends and i enjoy partying here. occasionally i'd get the "straight girl who wants to make out" chick accosting me time to time. hey, no worries. i love the attention. ha. naughty little scenarios are always poppin' off at Krave. bottle service is definitely a must, i always have a good experience.
3	I subtracted a star bc they advertised free jello shots and $1 long island iced teas on their website, but the bartenders had no idea what we were talking about. Hello, I would have drunk a LOT more before arriving had I known this would be the case! It's probably just a scam to get everybody to buy more drinks, which aren't that pricey, but considering the $20 entrance fee....but then again, this is vegas and u might as well just suck it up and tell yourself that $20 spent dancing w/ cuties is better than $20 wasted on blackjack.We were there on a Fri. night and expected it to be a lot more crowded. The dancers are sooooo cute, but there was too many women there for my taste, lol. I guess I just had really high expectations, I'd probably still go back though and apparently Sat. nights are supposed to be better!
5	This place is awesome! Right off the strip, and easy to get too.  A must go iwhen your in Vegas.
4	FUN times.  Free porn (what?!)  Hot mixes.  Definitely had a good time the oh... two times we came here on my five day trip to LV.  Get on their text message list to get some discount goodies/free cover/free drinks.  Text KRAVE to 313131.  Only downside - I have no idea how to get off of that list - I'm back home in NY and just keep getting texts from Krave.  Oops.UPDATE: apparently you just reply STOP KRAVE to the text message.  It works!
4	as i review the spots that me and my crew hit up in vegas for my 21st birthday celebration, i'm amazed at the other reviews that are so detailed and specific cause i don't remember much of ANYTHING from that weekend.i do recall this club being a blast though. one of the bigger gay clubs i've been to. clean, good looking people (dancers especially), good music, okay drinks. that's pretty much all i can remember. =]
5	The BEST club we hit in Vegas and one of the top 3 I've ever been to. The $20 cover was MORE than worth it because this place is total entertainment...an experience. The crowd was so much fun and a fantastic mix of all shapes, sizes, colors...you name it! Tons of places to sit, stand and dance here. The dancers were gorgeous and could actually dance! The stage shows were brief was cool, loved the falling "snow" and all the lights and lasers. So good, definitely want to go back.
5	GORGEOUS FUN! It was the best gay (er alternative) club I have ever been to. Listen up SF Badlands! The price of admission was worth it. I immediately got my drink on and was dancing with hot people, hot go-go guys and girls in the background, hot Hot HOT everywhere! I danced like I never danced before till 5am. There are a lot of theme shows and events to attend. Anyone can have fun here! Gay, bi, straight, trannie, republicans, chihuahuas, you name it! I could take a trip to Vegas and spend the whole weekend there and never set foot in a casino. Please open one in SF!
5	Although I've only been to Krave twice, I have yet to be disappointed.  I have a suspicion that a place like this would fair well in SF, but what do I know.  Although the cover here is $20, it's definitely worth it.   I have yet to experience a wait at the door here longer than 3 minutes.  The staff is friendly, and I feel everyone has a good time.  The only odd thing to me was the magic performance that took place randomly during the night.  It was alright, nothing special, but it's not why you come to a place like this.  There is a large dance floor, stage, many tables and seating (although many of these are reserved).The first time I didn't have to pay cover because I had our hotel concierge contact the host and they added us to the guest list.  The second time, the concierge was lacking in skill and so we paid the cover.  If you don't want to pay cover, I recommend getting to know the staff, or if you are a big spender do a bottle service, which ranges from $250-$750, after which they waive the cover.My second time here was a blast.  I ended up partying with some people from Arizona, and I had a good time getting to know one of the bartenders.  Although, he still charged me for my manhattan after it took him well over 10 minutes to track down the vermouth.  Whatever...he was hot.  ;-)My only complaint here is that some of their male dancers are terrible.  I mean, why hire buff, obviously straight, guys who cannot dance.  I mean, sure they look nice, but they can't dance.  I think one of them used steroids, which didn't look that nice.  The gay guys on stage were awesome and looked like they were having a good time.If you come to Vegas and want to hit up a gay, errr, alternative, club, then this is the spot.
4	Krave was a lot of fun.  The music was excellent and the people were, well... very good looking and pleasant.  I think all bartenders should be shirtless, especially when they look as good as this guy did.  You could just order drinks all night.The odd thig was that it seemed to take a while for people to get in the mood to dance.  We went on a Saturday night, around 12am.  They had a good sized dance floor in the center of the room, yet, the vast majority of the people were standing and staring at the go-go boys (they were cute) or just sitting, drinking, and talking.  There were maybe, 6 people on the floor moving around.  And this was when we arrived around midight.  It wasnt until another hour had passed that the dancing begun.  But when it did, it made up for the lull.On the subject of dancing, the DJ was quite excellent, i must say.  Though i felt at times his talent was wasted on a scene of non-dancers, you had to be impressed with his ability to successfully mix certain types of songs together.  At least i was.  But this was mostly during the non-dancing period i mentioned earlier.  Towards the end (that is, before we left), he started to get a little off his groove.  He would begin to play songs that everyone was excited for and we were getting ready to dance to as he would play the intros to the song and tease us with familiar lyrics.  But like a bad date, he left many of us blue balled on the dance floor by teasing us and then switching songs.  I mean. thats just not right.  It's like having sex and not reaching climax.  It's just severely dissapointing and only leaves you bitter and bewildered.Other than that, Krave was fun.  I would definately go back again on my next Vegas trip.
5	Great bartender (Nick).  Great atmosphere and talented dancers.  Only thing is they need to dump that Rockstar drink for Redbull.  This club accepts credit cards while 8 1/2 DOES NOT.
2	I give 2 stars for the entertainment, other than that, ew kind of skanky feel and bad music. Gay friendly place- straight friendly too although the guys i was with werent thrilled. The staff was great letting military folks in for free, and in state residents in for free- and anyone nice in for free haha. Good after hours spot, and drinks arent as expensive as other clubs.
1	Krave aspires to be an upscale gay club.  Their website claims the place can accommodate 1,500.  It probably fits more like 500, but there were nowhere near that many people there on the night we went, which was a Friday.The $20 cover is ridiculous.  The go-go boys were terrible.  Hello?!  This is Las Vegas and they start 'em on the pole early around these parts!  You're better off to go to a regular club and have a good time.  This place is set up with private tables and cabanas all over the place, so the crowd is totally split up as a result.Some crafty queens are trying to hoodwink the gay tourists with this tacky joint.  Save your pennies and go to South Beach if you want to experience the real deal.
5	HOT!!!! So I took my friend to Vegas for his 30th birthday and I must say this was the highlight of our trip. My friend is gay and this place is gay friendly so that was the reason for this place. No matter what you are into though Krave will not disappoint. The women dancers are hot the go go boy dancers are hot and the bartenders make a pretty stiff drink. They do remix a lot of their songs to a techno beat which is all good for me becasue I love techno but someone expecting pure hip hop may be a little disappointed. The crowd was pretty evenly split down the middle meaning half were straight the other half were gay. The only gripe I have is the drinks are a little on the expensive side but I must say having only a $20 cover I guess makes up for it and if you are nice to the guy at armani exchange at ceasers palace he will give you some free passes. I will for sure be hitting this spot again on my next trip to vegas, Hopefully my friend can mind the patron shots and try and stay a little more sober next time so we dont get politely asked to leave.Good ForIf You KRAVE a Stiff DrinkIf You KRAVE Hot  DancerIf You KRAVE Good MusicIf You KRAVE Live Shows On StageSO WHAT DO YOU KRAVE?
3	get on guestlist or its 20 dollars a head. (thats what she said)off the strip- know where it is before going - if your cab driver isnt gay friendly he wont know where it is. loved it for:roomy and uncrowded dance flooreye candy even for the straight girlscheap drinksthe freakiness of the fellas being able to get on each other.proper beats for all night.improvements can be....where r the chic curtains/ the hottie gays/ the over the top luxury?!were in vegas! not in the back alley of inglewood!!
2	wasnt the great experince but who knows... maybe i jsut came on a bad night. the bartenders were very accomodating tho. ;)
4	we went here for a bachlorette night out. I loved it! The music was good and the crowd was lively. The dancers were hot!!!
4	What do you krave?1. Good go-go's (no straight go-gos at gay clubs... at least the ones that dance poorly)2. Good drinks (don't jigger it, free pour and use any juices, additives for taste and color)3. Eye candy (hold the foundation, bring on the muscle, the swagger and a nice smile)4. Dirty, dirty beatsI have very minimal requirements when I go to a club, I feel. If you can't accomplish them, then you shouldn't be considered a club. If you can't do it right, don't do it all.And with the limited choices of homo destinations, Krave hit the spot. We got there a bit early, because we thought the party would start around 11pm like it does at home... but Las Vegas is a different story. We hung around the club and drank until midnight and then slowly, but surely it got cracking.The crowd here was more friendly then Piranha and Gipsy (well, Gipsy had no crowd), and well everyone is not from Vegas (as it goes). The $20 cover is the most worth it here, but as Yelper Jessica T. lets it be known, I guess there are ways of getting in for free (like being nice, or military - don't ask, don't tell SHHHHHH).I'm sad we didn't stay here for after hours, because then the dirty beats would have been rolling all night...
3	I, Carolyn Mia C, am STRAIGHT. totally completely no doubt about it str8  i like me the weewee and not the tittyBUT! on this vegas trip due to circumstances the girls and i ended up @ krAve....we pulled up and there was the longest line of gays, lesbians, drags, transvestites, and probably str8 people who didnt kno that krave was a gay club!i had to convince our taxi driver that we WERENT lesbians and we were just going there...im not sure he believed us...we got out and we waited in the ridiculously long line on the side of PlanetHollywood. the girls and i are googling the hot gay couple in front of us when eventually out came a dude pratically nude w.lil strips of leather covering MOST of his goods on STILTS!! yeaaa STILTS!we get up front and the bouncer asks CANDYBAR or KRAVE?...im puzzled but i assume krave bcuz candybar is the lesbian club..and we need to be with the gays tonite. he looks confused but lets us in ($20 cover not much we can do here!)we walk in and it is jaaaaaam packed with topless guys, guys with nipple piercings, drags with the largest wigs in the world, men in heels, omylordy!we find our party in front of this girl gogodancer with a drag on a swing above her. theres a few lesbian/bi's in our group so they are having a gay ol' time watchin her (pun intended) my girls and i are awkwardly swinging back and forth to the music as we try to stay out of peoples way becuz u kno we can get beat up by both girls & guys here hahahahaha as we sway we watch the stage with 3 drags puttin on a show one girl?guy? rips off a shirt off this guy and inhales it and gets very turned on....WOWthe club was actually a LOT tamer then i thought it would be. hahah truthfully i expected it to be WAY crazier. i HATED the foam/snow that KEPT coming out that really irritates me at clubs...im not tryna b prissy but its hella annoying~!!!they have a rather large bar, standin and seat areas around the dance floor and a few gogodancers...male/female/both. seriously tho i have to give the gogodancers  major thumbs up they were the BEST bootyshaking bunch ive EVER seeen. plus u can tuck dollars into their panties and ur allowed to rub them up a bit...*shudddder*it was my VERY first gayclubbing experience. it was a....ok
3	GAY CLUB ALERT! (why doesn't it say that in the "categories" next to the description of this one?  Here comes a note, yelp staff.)  OK, now that we have that out of the way:We came at 11 on Thursday night and upon arrival, the place was dead.  But, come 12 it got packed.  It was MUCH smaller than I was told the place was - which was disappointing and confusing.I didn't go on Friday night but some of my group did, and they said on weekend nights it's a totally different club and it's more than double the size of weeknights.  Good to know.Drinks were expensive.  $10 to get in. Crowd was cool.  Go go boys were decent looking but really, I've seen WAY better in the LA area... still plenty entertaining though!  Good music.  Slow service at the bar.  A few open couches to those lucky enough to snag one.
1	I wish i could give this place NO STARS, tragic story about a ruthless club.PS. I want to forewarn others that i had been a customer of Krave times before this incident, which really made me upset that i had to do it, but i must.On 4th of July, i went to Krave with 5 of my friends, two boys from Philly, my bf, and two girls! We had just got into the club courtesy of my friend Morningstar and went directly to the bar.At the bar, some chick began to get crazy attitude with me, i told the bartender and he did nothing about it. She continued to get super loud and then began pushing. I'D LIKE TO PREFACE this by saying I'm a marketing director at a gay club in SF, so acting proper at a club is what i know how to do.I continued to tell the bartender that the woman was getting crazy, he did nothing. My partner told the girl to stop pushing and she proceeded to push him. Take into account that a bunch of homos were witnessing this incident. Our Philly friends come to see whats going on and the woman gets physical with them, the girl hit him and he hit her back. The security FINALLY came and wanted to take both of them out. I told them to not take my friend, that this girl had started the altercation with us 5 minutes prior and we tried to prevent the escalation. The bartender corroborated the story and so did other men around us, but the security guard took my friend anyways.One of the managers took my friend and kicked him out. I told him that this girl had started everything and to please listen to the story. He then threatened me and said if i did leave he would kick me out too. So i said kick me out cuz this shit is wrong. The moral of the story is that Krave was not friendly to people who had come for a good time. The general manager did not even try to listen to the story.Never going back to Krave again.... and i suggest you don't either.
1	The General Manager of Krave is an absolute liar, i NEVER hit anyone, nor would i ever do that. It's outrageous for him to post such a defamatory comment.It was my friend who i admitted in the original review, that hit the girl after she hit him and pushed him.The General Manager doesn't know a thing, because he wasn't there to witness it nor would he listen to me or my boyfriend tell him what had actually happened. It's appalling to see the General Manager act in such a horrific manner, lying, accusing, and posting information that is just false.
5	Krave provides something that no other club in Las Vegas provides: genuine ENTERTAINMENT. Where else can you watch a man on stilts dancing center stage, while aerialists perform while dangling from the ceiling? Matched with amazing drink prices (and better specials with their text messages), why would you want to go anywhere else?
3	Good clean gay fun.  Came here last night with a group of 5.  Cover was $20 which sucks. I'm used to getting discounted/comped admission being a female, but not here, lol.I enjoyed the music, but you have to understand that they put the "gay beat" on everything.  If you are not a fan of Top 40 and some older stuff being dance remixed to death, this is not the club for you.This place is pretty good for people watching and I never felt like it was too crowded.  Also, the aerialist was pretty entertaining to watch on stage.All in all, I had a pretty good time.
4	Needed to go dancing somewhere near the Strip. Crowd was mixed, gay, straight, and everything in between. Friendly staff and cute crowd, along with an amazing array of dance music kept me grooving. Arrive early to get a good seat at one of the booths surrounding part of the large dance floor. Be warned that people are allowed to smoke inside, so if smoke bothers you, get ready.
5	This is THE PLACE to have a bachelorette blowout in Vegas. The service was amazing- they made my new sister-in-law truly Queen for a day (no gay reference intended), with a roped off section of red couches, a personal shirtless hunky waiter, abundant snacks, and drinks flowing all night long. The manager kept checking up on us, and the go-go dancers (male and female) gave us special attention and posed for pictures. Our drag queen hostess serenaded and joked with us and begged us to come back the next night. Great crowd, very unpretentious, good bartenders, and lots o' eye candy. We danced the night away and would do it again in a heartbeat!
5	The fruit loop is now officially, obsolete!!!!  No pudgy wannabe superstars serving drinks, no Joe Dirts at the door.
4	I went for my 21st bday! it was fun. not many hot guys, but i had a great time. The Staff is ubber sweet and nice. Usually bartenders and Bouncers are douche nosels.  Go for sure! music was good
3	Will YOU have a blast going to Krave? It all depends on the atmosphere and who are you with!  The club is big & niceMusic is what you expect in a gay club, some house, hip hop & retro mix.If the crowed is fun then you'll have a blast!I personally got bored pretty fast on my night out to Krave! Vibe was lame, and club was lacking something, although I can not put my finger on what it was...When I go out I expect to communicate with others, I expect to meet new people, flirt, dance and go on adventures, lol. (all of that if I'm single of course).On my night out to Krave, beside dancing, it was lacking all of the above...People were pretensions or just shy, secluded in groups, many lonely tourist faces standing at the corners looking for friends yet, wont make a step forward to communicate (closet days are over guys!).Bottom line, I had to work very hard to make some friends & have good time! Usually it is not a problem for me.So yeah, Krave can be fun as long as you fall on the right crowed.But if not, it is never too late in Vegas, move on to Piranha, and then to the buffalo! Stay out of trouble, yeah sure!Yalla Bye!
2	I'd heard a ton about this spot and after going, it was very disappointing.The set-up is a bit awkward since the dance floor in located "downstairs".  While the crowd was alright and the drinks were okay, the music was absolutely awful...maybe I went on the wrong night (Saturday)?  The main draw for me to go out to a club is to listen to great music and this place did not have it...I will not go back.
4	Does anyone know if this an 18 over club?! I've been there 3 times, twice on a Friday and once on a Saturday. If u want to hear good music go on a Friday!
3	Came into Vegas wanting to have some fun on a Friday night. You'd figure that Vegas being a place of shows and theatrics there would be plenty of gay venues and each of them would be packed full of gay men. Perhaps it's because we went during a quiet time of the year, but c'mon! It was after the first night of Cher's long chain of concerts. All in all, it was an average club, nothing to boast about, but certainly nothing awful. I was willing to put up the $20 cover thinking that there would be some pretty hot go go dancers and such. I would say that the go go dancers did have nice bodies, but were only "all right" all around. I much preferred the waiters who around 1AM took off their shirts. Most of the people there were from out of town and were already coupled so definitely not a very cruisy place. The dance floor is what you would expect. There are plenty of spots there and they played the typical remixes that you would expect at any other gay venue. I really didn't have an issue with any of the aesthetics, but with all the hype, I really expected to be wowed... especially for the $20.If you are a Las Vegas resident, you get in for free so the $20 is only for visitors. Drinks are around $8 and if you plan on going with more than just yourself, I highly suggest reserving a table. I enjoy people watching with the bf so a table would have been nice. All tables and sitting areas surround the dance floor. So if you plan on people watching, you either are in those booths or you're on the dance floor. Drinks were not strong at all. For me that's not too much of an issue as I get tipsy just sniffing a drink. For my bf it was a total downer especially with the cost of the cover and the drink. It is conveniently located right off the strip. It is diagonally across from Crystals so it's a convenient walk from most hotels on the strip.If you come from a big city (eg Los Angeles, San Francisco, New York, Sydney, Moscow or DC) you'll probably be disappointed. The club doesn't even start to get packed until after midnight so don't plan on going until then. If you are planning on visiting, make it a long night because the club is VERY slow at building up a good group of people.
5	Got here a little after midnight on Saturday and stayed until 4:30am (would have stayed longer but I got kicked out... but that's an entirely different story!). $20 cover. Place was packed, everyone was dancing (and very friendly), GREAT music selection, dancers (both male and female)  were hott,  no line at girls bathroom, because after all it is a gay club and the "girls who like girls" club was next door. Drinks were expensive (but that is why you pregame). Great Vegas experience!
4	Was in Vegas for a Softball tournament this past weekend and the Friday night event was at Krave...which meant we got in free.A few of us arrived in town on Thursday and decided to go to Krave cause their website advertised Thirstday...a $7 beer/well bust ($15 cover for tourist and $10 for locals) starting at 11pm.  When we got there, they only charged us $10 to get in but when we asked about the bust at the bar, they said we needed a text code. (See the info section on their Yelp page) When I went to the front to inquire about how we go about getting it, they were less than friendly about it and said it was too late.  Luckily the manager behind a curtain overheard me say I was in town for the softball tournament he told them to give us all wrist bands for the bust. Score!During the week, Krave just has the lounge area open, which is a nice size bar, lots of seating and room to stand, a small stage and a small dance floor.  Just big enough for a week night crowd. They had 4 go-go dancers performing (3 guys/1 girl) and all were pretty good. Wasn't impressed with the graphics they showed on the video screen while the music was playing. Their DJ might want to mix a few videos to go with the music.The $10 to get in and drink all we wanted until 2am was quite the deal..  Though a few of our group left after a drink or two, a few of us made up for it.  Three of us even stayed until 4am drinking our way to a nice happy place full of rainbows and unicorns.  Oh what a night!  Thanks Krave!The Event on Friday night  started at 9pm in their lounge and at 11pm they opened up the huge club next door.  Good thing cause the lounge was quite crowded with softball players.  The music was a good mix and nice to dance to. They had enough bartenders working for the size of the crowd, so the wait wasn't very long for drink. Drink specials were $1 long islands (gah!) Though we left at about 1am due to early games the next day, the night was a lot of fun.  I probably wouldn't go back if I had to pay their normal $20 cover to get in...though next time I'll remember to do the text thing!!!I'll give them the 4th star just cause of the did for us as players in the softball tournament.
3	I often forget that nightlife in Las Vegas starts later. So when I got to the nightclub at 11pm, I didn't realize that I was about an hour early. The only funny thing was that it was a Friday and it seemed rather empty. It was a rather fun club and the DJ was great. Also, the gogo dancers were hot! Anyway, the only thing that annoyed me was that there were several security guards blocking the way to a bunch of tables and booths with bottle service and they were all empty the whole night. I think  that after a certain time Krave should open up those booths and tables so that the people who are there having a great time should benefit from unused tables and booths. Anyway, I had a fun time regardless of me being a little annoyed about that. I will probably come back and hopefully it's full of people next time.
5	We ended up at Krave at the request of one of our friends.  Gay clubs are so much fun for a lot of straight women, because we can just dance our asses off and not worry about being propositioned by some sweaty meathead trying to have sex with us.  So, when we walked in, my guard was down and I ended up making friends with a really cute boy from West Hollywood by way of Kailua (a little town on the other side of the island where I grew up!).  Great music, beautiful boy & girl gogo dancers, beautiful men everywhere...and lots of dancing.  We somehow ended up with bottle service so I can't really complain about my experience there - it was an absolute blast.  I also love that the ladies room was open to everyone, and not in a creepy way (there is a bathroom attendant keeping things in check)...it was clean and lovely, unlike some of the co-ed bathrooms at gay clubs here in SF (ahem).  I would definitely come here again!!
5	I went to vegas for the first time this past weekend, and we ended up going to Krave on sat. night. I have to say i wasnt expecting much bc it wasnt in a hotel but i liked it a lot . The people we friendly and seemed like they just wanted to have fun. The music is the real gem. I would def. suggest going. I also recommend putting your name on the list so u get in for free !
5	$20 cover is pretty steep.We came here because its the highest rated gay club in Las Vegas on Yelp and we wanted to give it a shot. I'm happy we did. We came here after watching a show and had a great time. The place was packed and the music was great, Dance/pop. You can't ever go wrong with go go boys! If you want to know how it is here and you ever watched QAF think club Babylon. We had a great time and will come back!
5	Great club...great night...music was awesome, wine was drinkable, cool crowd and way hot dancers...both male and female....good place to take any straights that may be a little wary of going to a gay club as it's a good friendly vibe and not too cruisy...Bizarrely though I got hit on twice, by guys, and I'm a straight female..not that I'm complaining!Definitely recommend it.
4	Went to Krave on a Saturday night. I think some of the reviewers must have gone on a weeknight because the club was packed. The drinks were good and plenty strong and the crowd was mostly Gay, but welcoming. We went with a mixed crowd and everyone had fun. The best thing is the club does not have the attitude that most clubs it's size have. The bar is large with high ceilings, but it was smaller than I expected. The main problem is there is no where to sit unless you pay for a table. That and the bathrooms are to small for when the club is packed. The sound system is awesome and the music was good. Give it a shot, I think you will have a good time.
5	Ok so this is ma first review on a gay club AND this was my first outing w ma gay peeps. As a straight lovin the fellas diva this place was HANDS DOWN the highlight of my weekend trip!!-friday night...short line.. me drunk ass likes- good lookin gogo dancers, vurry nice crowd ( not that many girls, to the dismay of my lesbian friend)- MUSIC ON POINT 100x!!! Best music I hurd on the strip that night-loooved the amazing crowd. Must have danced my ass off for a good 3 hours w at least 30 different gay men...so awesome on the dance floor-Live performance from Trinise, beauty from season 3 American idol (she worked that crowd)-quick bottle service, strong drinksBOTTOM LINE...this club is HOT and a fraggin BLAAAAST gay or not, I can't wait to shaashaay my night away!!!
4	Excellent atmosphere with a great set up, they have a large bar and lot's of space for dancing or mingling. My only problem with this place was the fact that it was empty. I am a gay man and typically go to the straight clubs on the strip.. because lets face it you can find gay people everywhere. I decided however to give the gay scene a chance and was disappointed that the club was only 1/4 full. I will however give it another chance in the future... it was 80's night and although I do enjoy the 80's I want the music to be a little more progressive when I am in Vegas.
5	Krave was the first gay club I ever visited, so I guess that's why I hold it close to my heart. That's also why I'm probably willing to overlook some of it flaws.Positives: Centrally located and essentially on the strip. Decent sized dance floor. Bartenders are friendly. There's a really good mix of people from all walks of life. I've always enjoyed the selection of music (ranges from your typical pop hits to house/progressive/trance). Lastly, HOT HOT HOT dancers!Negatives: $20 cover charge for non-locals. Boo! Drinks are a little on the weak side. Seems like every time I go, any sitting location is for reserved parties only.Other than those negatives, I've never had a bad experience at Krave. Those used to clubbing in San Francisco or Los Angeles might be a little disappointed. That said, Krave will always be near and dear to me, even though I've seen far better clubs.
1	this place is lame!  we went there for my bday and the problems began the door.  we had a group of about 15 of us and they said the only way we could get in was to buy a table.  (that did not include bottle service of course).  and when we got in, it was empty!  this was a saturday night.  of course they ignored us when we asked for a refund 5 mins later.  the advertise "the only gay club on the strip", well if you consider a 30 min walk "on the strip", then yes this is the place for you!  way over priced.  high priced drinks are normal for me, i live in LA and used to sunset strip prices.  but this club or (klub) is simply put LAME.  not worth your time.  not worth the fugly dancers.  not worth the $$$$.  save your money and have more fun at a str8 club on the strip or head out to the "fruit loop" and spend your money there.
2	What a letdown of an experience from the "city that never sleeps". Empty main bar, after a while we were herded into a smaller room so it gave the appearance of it being packed, but then people just got bored and left. I know there's not reallllllllly a gay nucleus in LV, but you're better off going to some of the other clusters of bars SE side from the strip.
4	You know, I'd love to write some snarky review rife with clever yet insulting puns about this place, but in reality, I actually had a great time. Yes, the $20 cover charge is ABSURD and the drink prices are higher than they should be, but you forget -- you're in Vegas! EVERYTHING is more expensive than it is supposed to be, so you have to put it in perspective. I blew $35 on the CSI Experience (which, btw, the only thing I experienced was boredom) and paid $10 for a beer (at Excalibur of all places! The nerve!), so really, $20 isn't that bad.The music was pretty entertaining, typical top forty but mixed well. The crowd was diverse and entertaining to watch, especially the white boys from middle america who forgot to pack their rhythm. I also really enjoyed the performances on stage, including a gymnast on a russian wheel.However, I didn't enjoy that people are allowed to smoke indoors, but that isn't Krave's fault... that would be the great state of Nevada. I also have a real problem with the unbelievable-ness of the go go dancers' packages. I mean, sure, if I were a go go dancer I would probably place a little something in my chones to accentuate my goods... but this dude straight up had a week's worth of wardrobe stuffed in his crotch. It reminded me of a full diaper and it wasn't sexy.
1	This place is a dump. No class in Vegas what so ever. Why hasn't anyone started a Gay club with a little class. Dirty dark and nasty inside. Expensive poor quality well drinks. $20 cover for out of town visitors. Total Ranking: FLocation: ADrinks: D-Ambiance: D
1	They get a 1 star rating because of the text message notifications. I signed up for a few months, then have now requested 3 times to cancel and they say they're going to cancel and they keep sending me the messages!WARNING!!! DO NOT SIGN UP FOR TEXT MESSAGE UPDATES!
1	I can truthfully say that I have spent a huge percentage of my entertainment dollar in Vegas at Krave. I happened upon the place in its heyday, back when you were just as likely to see movie stars and fashion party names grooving to DJ Morningstar (seriously, once I saw Ritchie Rich AND Amanda LePore there in the same night) as you were fantastic queens and their little manservants. The staff was top notch, the mixes were masterpieces and the service in the VIP area was flawless.I wish I could still say the same today. Instead of an overall rating search, look at the trend of the ratings for Krave and you'll see that the customer experience has steadily gone downhill, perhaps stemming from the establishment's recent bankruptcy filing and reduction in quality talent. The drinks are overpriced, the cover charge seems egregious and the cocktail waiters are completely a mixed bag, some are distracted (overworked?) and disengaged while others seem to genuinely be interested in serving. The carpet in the VIP area was so dirty that my high heels would stick like glue in certain areas. We ordered bottle service, including a bottle of absinthe, but apparently they didn't even know how absinthe should be served and had no sugar cubes on hand. I'm not asking for silver slotted spoons or anything but if you have no clue as to the appropriate mixers, you should take it off the menu, hmmm? And at $350 a bottle, if you're out of Grey Goose, you send one of the little bois to the 7-11 up the street to make your clients happy, right? Ok, and also, my diamond shoes were too tight, but let's talk about what really matters: the club itself. The dancers are stuffing their jocks with what seems to be Chunky soup cans, to the point that it's laughable, and the DJ? Oh my god. So not good. Even the staff was commenting that he sucked. What's more, despite the fact that we were dropping close to a thousand dollars in bottle service, the owner of the club decided to block our view of the dance floor and then treated us so disrespectfully when we asked him to move that I couldn't believe he was actually the owner. Seriously, if you treat your supposed VIP customers like this, I'm not surprised that you're facing bankruptcy, Kelly Murphy.And what used to be a crowd rife with a half dozen drag queens, there hasn't been a single queen to be seen the last two visits. Perhaps they are the club's canary in a coal mine and Krave is simply no longer fabulous enough to entertain them. The real tell here is that despite the fact that we were last there on the night that Krave was serving as the Logo afterparty for the Lady Gaga concert, at what should have been the prime thick of the party scene, the dance floor was starting to thin out considerably. It seems that most people were there just to see if the Lady herself would show up and when it became clear that she wasn't, they headed for greener pastures.  I'm following their lead and heading to Piranha next time.
3	Some friends were in town for a birthday celebration and they invited me to come with them to Krave. We showed up at about 11:30 on a Saturday night and only stood in line (which is outside!) for a few minutes. Note: bring ice cold beverage in the summer so you don't swelter out there. The place wasn't packed, but definitely busy. Our bartender was quick and the drinks were reasonably priced. I bought a round (4 of us) and spent $39.00. I did notice that they were using a jigger (tool to measure the liquor) which sucks because the drink wasn't that strong. Now I see why they are reasonably priced. On a good note, I didn't get wasted and I had 4 drinks! The music was ok, and the crowd was very nice. There was plenty of room on the dance floor....until about 1:30, then just like that, the place was PACKED! I completely enjoyed the go-go dancers (grr with their muscles and tattoos and hot bodies), but I did not enjoy the fact that the temperature was like 150! Ok that's an exaggeration, but come on, crank the air, my hair was completely soaked and starting to frizz! I understand wanting it a little warm so people will drink more and the go-go dancers will look all slick and sweaty, but really??!?! I was dying. Other than that, a successful night out!
5	Wow, it's amazing how good of a time you have when you set your expectations low. That's what happened to me with Krave. My gay bff were staying across the street, came here, and forked over the $20 cover (seriously the only place I've EVER paid that much for a gay club is in Manhattan) However, we kept an open mind and went in (there was no queue at 12:30pm on a Friday night so we were afraid it was going to be dead. Boy were we surprised. It was nicely crowded inside though not packed and they were playing some AWESOME music. Pop/Hip-hop/Dance trending towards Hip-hop mixed VERY nicely with few of the usual campy gay songs thrown in. As a serious top 40 and rap fan I was very impressed. Just because I get tired of the same monotonous beat with minimal lyrics played over and over again at every gay bar in this country. They had nice lighting effects, numerous male go-go dancers (all of whom were hot, most of whom could dance :-) they even had snow or foam or whatever it was periodically rain down from the sky. Needless to say we DANCED our asses off! The bartenders were super friendly and the drinks were decently priced (I'm from DC) I think it was $9 for a pretty stiff non-rail razz vodka/tonic/oj. Round of shots for $27. Crowd was about 80/20 gay man/gal pal ratio. Non-pretentious and having a kick ass time. Easily rank it as one of my best OVERALL gay club experiences in the country. We loved it so much we went back a 2nd time Saturday night. This time we were smart and got a VIP front of line (which was minimal anyway) free admission pass from a lady hawking them on the street. We gave her $5 each which saved us $30 off the cover and enabled us to skip the line. My gal pal came about 45 minutes after we got there and forked over a $30 so we obviously were pretty pleased with ourselves! Saturday night was the same atmosphere and crowd but different music with techno/trance pervading :-/. My bff had more fun Saturday night (he met a gay porn star dancing there lol and enjoyed that music better) I had more fun Friday night. All in all both nights left us sweat soaked, sore in the feet, and offered the best of both worlds, kudos, Krave, kudos!
4	I was in Vegas this past weekend from Seattle and ended up going to Krave twice and had an excellent time both nights.  First off, I have friends that live in Vegas who know people that work here which luckily for me (the only out-of-towner) was able to get in on the guestlist which meant my out-of-state a$$ got in without paying that ridiculous $20 cover.  If i had to pay for those two nights my rating would definitely decrease lol, anway, the club has a good lay out, the music was good, the go-go dancers and bartenders were pretty hot.  One particular bartender (he was a buff latino guy) was totally awesome, he initially took somebodies order before mine even though he had seen me in line before the other guys and before I could even call him on it he apologized and said he would take care of me the rest of the night and that he did, any time he saw me in line he would take my order (regardless of who was in front of me) and was noticeably pouring stiffer drinks, I even think he gave me a couple of free shots but my memory is a bit hazy lol.   Overall a great experience and probably the nicest gay club in Vegas.
2	For being the only gay club on the strip, this place was a bit of a letdown. Maybe I was expecting the same club quality as the infamous Vegas straight clubs, but sadly, this place just reinforced that if you can't beat them, just do it that much trashier.A group of us came on a Friday night after searching up and around the strip for the place. Upon arrival, we were able to talk down the bouncer and get in for local price. When we got in, I was pretty surprise by how empty the place was. Everyone was off in their own friends/dance circles, and you could clearly see all the empty spaces in the room, which didn't get filled either. Music was alright, your usual mixes of brit brit, top 40 and top 40 dance remixes. One thing that really bugged me was how rude the bouncers were. Our girl friend took off her heels to sit on the couches for a second, and the bouncer immediately told her she needed to put hem on or be kicked out. He proceeded to basically follow her all around ensuring that her bare feet never touched their dirty ass floor. Wait... so you can't have your heels off for a second, but you can have guys running around in just their tight ass bun huggers, practically balls out? Sorry, I love guys as much as the next, but let's not jump on the patriarchy bandwagon that suppresses us all down as well.
2	This place sucks.  First, if you're not a local they charge a ridiculous cover charge.  I had to pay $10 on a Wednesday!  Second, the female bartender has no personality and acts like you owe her for being there.  She totally hates her job and makes everyone feel that negative vibe.  The two guy bartenders were good in that they were at least responsive and attentive.  The show sucked and the drag queen that performed had a huge run in her stockings.  So second class.  Otherwise, it's an OK club.
1	Krave is a rip off loaded with false advertising.  Paid $40 for New Years eve (unless your local you get in for free).  Was supposed to be entertainment and event hosted by Janice Dickerson.  The only entertainment I saw was 4 dancers on boxes dancing to the music.  I saw a Janice Dickerson impersonator.   Really?   Oh. There's more.  They were not prepared for the crowd or people waiting in line.   At 9:00 the line to get in was 100 people deep.  People were getting in the wrong lines because even the employees didn't know which line was what.  It took 5 minutes to let one person in at a time.  It took over an hour to get in with the temperature at 34 degrees.   The security outside checks you ID, the 5 feet later once inside they check your ID again.  If you have a drink, you can't take it to the restroom.  I would definitely skip this place.  The crowd was good and people friendly.  They should all go someplace else that isn't soley interested in ripping you off.  Did I mention drinks/beer were $8 each.   Unbelievable.  Fool me once.
3	I have never been a fan of big downtown type clubs and my experience here reinforced that.  No matter how nice or normal you are outside you always somehow get treated like crap outside before you spend your money: this time it was waiting for an excessive time in the cold when the club was nearly empty with drunk people loudly declaring how str8 they are, and a very incompetent doorman who declared himself the authority on Illinois driver's licenses and thought I was lying about my ID being valid with the 4 year extension sticker on the back; also made me throw my souvenier cup out.  100$ later were were inside, coats checked, and had one weak drink in our hands.  Started to relax when more people showed up, had a second stronger triple-overpriced drink, and the dancing started.  Also had the best dancers I have seen at similar clubs: one was simply brilliant and I swear he was a ballet dancer---never seen so many creative moves, jumps, and twirls in rapid succession.  In the end it was ok after all, but I was upset enough about the ID issue that I printed off the IL drivers sticker policy from the state website and sent it to the management with a suggestion to train their employees to recognize ID's from the the third largest city in the US.
2	Made the mistake to head over here, leaving Surrender to come here was a bad choice. "the trendy people are here" a server said when my group walked in. the people weren't what we had in mind. vip table was a joke... never coming back..
4	We decided to head to Krave, especially since we were staying at the Planet Hollywood Towers (not a far way to stumble).  Anyway, we got there early, which was good because we avoided the dreaded $20 cover.  Which, I understand it's Las Vegas, but come on.  You still have to buy booze.  Or, you can bring your lady friends and have them store the flask inside their purses for a better discount.  The crowd there was alright.  The place does get crowded and there were a fair share of attractive men along with a fair amount of scary / weirdo dudes.  But, it is Las Vegas, and this was a Saturday, so no big surprise here.  The bartenders do tend to pour the drinks a little bit heavier on the liquor, which does help them in the star department.  I would go again, and had a great time with my gay and straight friends.  Everyone felt comfortable and we all had a good time.
4	I have to admit, I was not all that thrilled to be going here. When I am in Vegas I want to eat, drink and waste money on the hopes of getting rich.Well I was here for a conference and a bunch of my friends wanted to make an outing of it. After being turned away from a few of the "it" clubs in town for not having a 1-guy, 1-girl ratio, we knew where we would be welcome.Arriving a little before midnight, there as a bit of a line and it seemed pretty full. But after talking with a bouncer, we were able to get our group in for $10 a head, instead of the $35 they were charging (it never hurts to ask!).Once inside,  drinks were, as expected, pricey. $11 for a jack and diet, etc. Either way though, the atmosphere was very enjoyable. Lots of attractive guys, awesome music (the DJ looked like Johnny Depp) and an overall great night with friends.Next time I am in Vegas, if I am in the mood to get some dance on I can tell you where to find me.At Krave.
5	I was here on a Tuesday night and had the best time. I kept the same bartender and he was great. Kept the vodka flowing all night. Music was great and all the performances were fantastic. Working in a gay bar it was nice to see some great productions. I will be back when in town.
4	Went here later in the night after the bank got too crowded so I was pretty drunk at this point but I had a great time while here. Vegas isn't known for it's gay scene so I think people shouldn't expect an XS style nightclub, just appreciate it's right on center strip and plays music that is the formula for gay clubs that we all love (Britney, beyonce, gaga). The staff was all really nice, cover was 10 and if you text them the day of and show you signed up for text offers even without response with the deal they still gave it to us (5$ drinks). The crowd was a lot of fun, Gogo dancers were hot, bartenders were nice. The club doesn't need to be XS but could use a could facelift/cleaning. VIP areas were filthy and empty aside from one sloppy queen passed out. Overall if you are in Vegas and want to dance in a club not insanely packed check it out
3	We came in for my girlfriend's sister's 21st Birthday on a Friday night.  Rather than write a full review, I'll provide a pros and cons list.Pros:Inexpensive compared to other clubs on the stripMore space to move around (exluding the dance floor)Good service from waiters (At a table for bottle service)Cons:Small Dance floor gets packedUp-tight security/staff.  They were more concerned about one of our guests taking her shoes off while sitting in our VIP section than anything else in the club.Sub-par mix of top 40's music blasted at obnoxiously loud levels. I wouldn't rush back here, and beyond the fact that it doesn't get as packed as many other clubs on the strip, there isn't a whole lot of redeeming qualities here.  Also, the club doesn't feel like a gay club.  This could be a concern for customers specifically seeking a gay club.  It feels more like overflow from surrounding spots on the strip.
2	More to a bar than hot bartenders!!!!!! how about bartenders who can actually make a decent drink???? Kamikaze shot made in a plastic cup with no lime juice...just vodka and triple sec...served warm....here is a hint...use a shaker..thats what they are there for.....second...please be consistant with prices...first round coors lite and a kamikaze shot 19$ second round coors lite and a kamikaze shot 22$....wtf....please stop hiring bartenders who only look good with their shirts off and get someone who actually knows what they are doing! on a plus side...great DJ....but lets loose the 18-20 crowd....
4	Place for gays.  Friendly staff walking around with drink specials, fun mix of music but not heavy techno. Average price drinks around $10. Good dancers on platforms throughout. Don't get there too early. Find someone on the main a corners handing out 2 passes so you don't have to pay a cover to get in.
5	I love to dance.  Love it.A friend recommended Krave and he got a giant thank you when I returned from Las Vegas.I was able to secure a free pass from the folks on the street.  The drinks aren't cheap but my Mai Tai's were exellent.  The music, crowd and go go dancers were AMAZING.I went by myself, had enough family time and I was quickly adopted by some nice fella's.  We danced for hours, and when they left I kept going.Krave - you are AWESOME.  Thanks for robbing me of a good night sleep.  My time in Las Vegas was way better because of you.XOXO
1	I was there and was NOT impressed. A friend and I paid our 10.00 cover each and bought 1 drink (7 & Coke) another 10.00 each, did not see "LEAP FROG, TUG-A-WAR & SIMON SAYS, YOUNG GOGO BOYS" as stated told on their website. Just a dark room with loud music, a few people dancing. I have been to much better clubs in other cities, with many places to go within the club, better drink prices, and better entertainment. Very disappointed!
1	Krave is the most disgusting place ever. I went to this place on a Sunday and it was unfortunately "foam night" (whatever the heck that means) and it was not a fun experience. If you want to go to a club where you witness blow jobs in the foam pit, and people having sex on the foamy dance floor, then go right ahead. this place is trashy and ultra expensive and DJ irene was terrible.
3	what happened Krave?! I guess it's gonna be hard to relive my first Krave experience back in 2008. back then I had heard about Krave and was itchin to go and as fate had it happen, my hook up fell through at the MGM and instead of wasting my cab ride from my off strip hotel with my two girl friends we decided last minute to walk over to Krave. And if you ask my two girl friends and myself how our experience at Krave went, we'd tell it was fuckin awesome coz we're in Las Vegas Bitch! but alas fast forward to '11 and my Krave visit was okey. yes it fizzled crashed. ok ok maybe it was my mood, things last weekend fell through because of messed up circumnstances like girl friend's friend never got through with his table rez at Marquee and someone took 4 hours to get ready!! The drinks were still good (and cheap compared to Surrender), the crowd somehow wasn't that delicious, gogo's were meh hillcrest gogos are way hotter! and the music was aight but the dj kept on doing these horrible dubstep transitions that it wasn't right. ick! But I will stop come back to Krave in the future like earlier, it still holds a special place in my heart as one of the few clubs in Vegas that are still worth going to just to dance. =)
5	In my next life I will be reincarnated as a gay man and dance my young hot ass as a go-go dancer here at this very club.;D
4	I definitely had a great time at Krave. The drag queen that hosted the club was amazing Great drinks, service, music and go go dancers were hot and working it!I got on stage for a round of musical chairs and won two shots! I went twice while visiting Vegas.Nice owners and a nice crowd.
2	This place was fun for a "gay night out" with a whole group of us 'mos and friends, but honestly, even Boston has better. It's pathetic that this is the only place on the strip that's gay 24/7 (at least that I'm aware of). We were there on Twink Night which was strange since the boys were emaciated. I didn't even mind so much that they looked like they were 12, it was just that they needed a friggin sandwich... or 5.Anyway, the thing that pissed me off the most was that a Bud Light was $9! I can buy a friggin 12-pack for that price (almost).The music was good, though. And we had a lot of fun once we got our drinks down, but I was pretty pissed when I looked at my credit card statement the next morning...
1	Very bad customer service at the night club entrance more specifically from the black guy who works Thursday's nights checking ID's, he treated me without respect at the time that he read ALL my ID information as well as he charged me the entrance but he pretends to forget to stamp your wrist this way when you go out side you need to pay again to get in again. I WON'T RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANY LAS VEGAS FOREIGNER  !!!
2	Boring.
5	Krave never failed me whenever I came here to dance.  There's just no fuss about any weird feelings.  Everyone is just awesome and great.  The dancers all look like they love their jobs, and even if they didn't, they hide it much better than all the other dancers in any other night club I've been to.  Plus, the bartenders are always awesome!The dance floor gets packed but it's the easiest dance floor I could move to.  I don't get elbowed or knee'd and if that was the case, I much rather have gone to LVAC and taken Allan's 8 strikes class; or shoved by couples trying to get down and dirty and you're thinking get a stinking room!!!  I don't know why my curiosity gets me to try different clubs instead of  just coming here for my dance relief.
2	For the price you pay you wouldn't expect mediocre music ON A LOOP with a good song thrown in here and there. They drop foam (soap suds) from the ceiling because I guess some people like soap in their drinks and messing up their hair. We had bottle service with a very unpleasant server, a worker knocked over our bottle of Belvedere (which we paid $375 for) onto one of my friends, never apologized, the server handed my wet friend about 5 cocktail napkins instead of getting him a towel, still no apology. Remaining calm, I reminded the manager how much we paid for that bottle and he gave us a free bottle of some unknown vodka which tasted awful. Not to mention, the server took away what was left of the Belvedere. Oh and the go-go dancers are a bit over-the-top queeny but perhaps I'm just spoiled by the LA go-go dancers.
1	Talked to a guy on the phone who said he put us on the guest list. Stood in line only to be told we weren't on the guest list and we had to stand in the other "long" line. We also had to pay which sucks, because I did the work to try and get us on the guest list and was told we were only to find out we weren't. I texted the guy who put us on the list to say he sucked for not following through and he replied, whatever. They also charged my credit card 3 times for 1 round of drinks so watch your statement after you go here.
2	So this was the weekend go to place.The "gay night out" was one of the most meh things ive experienced in vegas. And i'm a vegas lover. XS, Marquee, TAO, Surrender, etc.Krave was definitely lacking as a club atmosphere in vegas. I expected High End, Luxe, grandiose and drinks in glasses.It was no better than one of the bad spots in Weho. And thats saying very little. The dance floor was gritty and sticky even with no one on it.What the hell were they spraying down. was that soap? it didnt clean your floors, ya'll.The gogos - I always comment on the gogos - We had the really buff dudes kind of just swaying tot he music. The athletically built ones who are obv trained dancers (you go do ya'll thang) The Hot girls dancing and moving their arms entrapping us in their gaze and then there were those ones bouncing up all on the stage that looked like kate moss. I felt awkward as the strutted around shaking their.... entire bodies? Distracting in a bad way.The liquor was alright like anywhere else.And the CROWD -1 point.but like i said i expected it to be a better scene. Maybe get a different venue like an outdoor pool area so that it can be a lot nicer as a destination go to place rather than the only option a gay night out is on the strip. Dear Weho, I appreciate you. Dear All other clubs, sorry i betrayed you for a night.Highlight - Seeing Tiffany perform like if she was on her mall tour in 87. Happy Birthday.
1	Totally overpriced: I spent $60 in the first 10 minutes I was there (alone)--  the drinks were so weak. I don't know how the bartender managed to make a weak shot as well but somehow he did. The place was totally pretentious and apparently only caters to bottle service as there was no place to sit unless you were VIP. I should have stayed at my hotel with the hicks!
2	Ahh where to start.Locals. You love your locals, don't you? That's all good and well, except, WHY OH WHY do you hate out-of-towners?  My girlfriend and I saw that this was one of the only gay spots on the strip and came here with high hopes. We're from San Francisco and we love our gaybars. 20 dollars a person. Really? Kittybar was happening one door over so we wandered over there was well. I guess they are operated by the same people? Both played the same songs and both had pretentious atmospheres. The dancers were the only good thing I found in this place as most were obviously trained ballet dancers or something alike. Back at home, I will never take places like Qbar, The Cafe, and The Lookout for granted ever again. Even our dyke bar The Lexington is a breath of fresh air. At least the bartenders talk with me and (at times) take shots with customers.Stick with the big clubs like Tao or The Gallery and XS is what I say.
3	Ive been here a few times and its OK!The admission is always way overpriced for non-locals which is a bit retarded.  I came here two years ago for NEW Years and paid 60 bucks to get in for a ok time.  This past weekend i did my homework and noticed that the charge was $60 again and opted out and decided to go to Piranha where the cover was $40 bucks and it wasn't uptight and fun. After piranha we decided to head to Krave around 3:30am where the door fee was $20 bucks to get in.  We paid it and walked into the main dance floor only to be told that we needed to make our way to the smaller floor where it was dead as can be.  I literally bought one drink drank it and walked out.  The place is Ok. I would expect more from it.  Ive been to vegas many times but for some reason i don't make it a habit to stop here.  I don't know what is about this place that doesn't entice me to come in.  The last time i was in the place was dead and we walked out again only to spend $20 at the door.  Such a let down.
4	Went here after Christmas when they were having some deals! $10 (with a $5 coat check) to get in with free drinks all night. Awesome! The only thing I have to complain about is that I had to pay for beer.... expecting "Free Drinks All Night." But whatever. Even though all the hunky dancers were gay, I couldn't stop staring at their bods :)~ Music selection was so-so, but overall my friends and I had a great time!
5	Let me make it clear that I am not a lesbian writing this review but for the love of god, I love going to gay bars because, well, I'm San Francisco's biggest fag hag. Whatever. Laugh all you want, because last year's overused phrase was, "All the good guys are gay!"ANYWAY. I went here with my cousin in hopes of getting the "Vegas Nightlife" part of our agenda over with. Of course, we picked a gay club to go to. We got ourselves on the guestlist and got in for free and got free drink vouchers. Yay! The gays love me, what can I say :)I cannot, for the love of angels and peaches, remember the night I went here (which is a good sign, right?). But I do remember seeing the singer JoJo perform. Free drinks AND free performance from JoJo? Oh, hell yes! Needless to say, everyone from the 21st century whipped out their smartphones and cameras and held them up high in the air, yours truly included.The place is really big: the dancefloor had ample dancing space. The back part had high tables so if you're tired in your pretty little heels, just come up here, put down your drink, and lean on these tables. The bar is a long stretch along the back side of the wall so there's really not a wait to get drinks. What's even awesome is that there is a little mini bar set up in front of the stage. And all the bartenders are topless. MAN. Why do they have to be gay?! No, why did I have to be a woman? LOL kidding :)I wish I counted how many gogo dancers there were. I've only stayed for 4-5 hours (I think) and by the time we were about to leave, I've seen possibly 28 pairs of pecs and 2 pairs of boobies. Possibly. Me and a couple of girls I met at the club were gushing at how perfect these guys' bodies were. I spotted a few that had total girls' bodies when it came to abs, thighs, and legs. The rest were buff and had six packs. Yum. Again, I question my gender. Oh well, I was born this way!Some crazy stuff happened in between the hours I've been there so I can't say I didn't have fun for free. Sure enough, I can't have just ONE drink or two or three. Yes, I had four or five and can still stand and walk straight in my pretty little heels :) But still, overall I had a great time. Met some cool people and danced with the most awesomest gay guy who didn't mind that I was clearly a girl and said he loved me and kissed me on the cheek by the end of our little dance routine. Le sigh. I'm feeling the love!Will be back soon, hunnies! :)
3	A large but grimey place for the gays to party on the Strip. The place is fun but since it's the only gay club on the Strip (except for Revolution Sundays at the Mirage) the warehouse type club feels dated and tiresome. Drinks are weak and overpriced. Yes, there are muscle bound dancers that can drop it like its hot, however no buffet of biceps and pecs can make me raise my rating. Fridays is 18+ and it's really crowded and rowdy (not in a good way). It's an obstacle just trying to navigate your way around the place. Locals are usually free before 12:30; however, non-locals have to pay $20 to get in, which in opinion is highway robbery. My trips to Krave have regressed, it's only fun once in a while now. With all the glamourous and new clubs in Las Vegas, it's a travesty that the gay community and tourists have only one option on the Strip.
2	I'm a lesbian. I went on a Wednesday...They had two for one drinks.....One miller lite is $9.....Um.....yea I don't think so. I went to bars and clubs where bottle service is a must...where you spend a thousand dollars in one night. But Krave is not the kind of club it's so small. The gogo dancers were eh....ok....I was there for an hour and then over it!Sorry Krave I just wasn't wowed. I don't think it was worth the cover....or the drink prices.
2	Calling all Kinder Queers!Don't get me wrong. I love the gays and I love nightclubs, but Krave, oh Krave let me count the ways you disappoint me.1. 18 and older. What the? Yes, this place is an old man's paradise. The keep the "underagers" up front, away from the bar, and put a big black X on their wrists. If you get caught giving booze to the youngins, you're 86ed.2. For being an "alternative" nightclub on the strip, you'd think this club would be on par with the other nice posh clubs. This place is broke down and needs a renovation stat!3. The space is not laid out well. There's really not a lot of rhyme and reason to the layout.4. There is only one bar and it's waaaay in the back. Come on now. You'll make more bang for your buck with a little mini bar.5. There is a cover charge for locals after midnight. LAME! Locals should never have to pay, ever. Cover charges are only sensible when there is a live, quality entertainment.This is my major beef with this place. There are some redeeming qualities...Occasionally, my favorite queens from RuPaul Drag Race perform here. There are great, great drink specials and it's pretty easy to get a comped bottle.I think if this place elimnates it's 18+ thing and gets some work done, it would be an okay place, but it's kind of a shit storm. Check out Piranha Nightclub - 8 1/2 Ultra Lounge.
2	I love gay clubs. I had attended this place because a friend got me on the guest list. Well, who knew that me bringing each guest the cover was 20.00. So ridiculous. I have never went to a club with such high cover and no entertainment. I ordered 2 small adios' and they were 26.00 +tip.So expensive, and really not that classy. They play the same music over and over and over.
2	I've come here twice, and would have to say on my second go-through I was quite disappointed by the experience.Our group was able to get in for free as we got the VIP cards that were being given out at Planet Hollywood, but if I ever had to pay $20 to enter this place, the rating would easily drop down to 1 star.Once inside, know there will be absolutely nowhere to sit, and if you do, the bouncers will ask you to move. The drinks... expensive but weak. I had a long-island iced tea and it tasted like water. As for the music, it was OK. A mix of your typical club music with a few gay favorites. The go-go's were buff and good dancers, which was nice.With this being the "gay club" of Vegas, I would expect an atmosphere or quality equal to that of the more mainstream clubs, but this place does not meet standard. This club is definitely due for a revamp.
1	I was expecting a much bigger that life club. Come on! its Vegas. Come to find out it was a literary a whole in the wall. My backyard is twice as  big than that club. We walk out after 30 min. Is it different during weekends ? I might just give it another try next time that I'm in town.
3	I'm glad I got to experience Krave, but I probably wouldn't go back again. It's small and kind of outdated compared to other Vegas clubs. The people watching is entertaining to say the least- From hot, young guys to creepy old men dressed as women (Yes, I saw one creepy creepy old man dressed as a woman eyeing young guys & trying to dance with them), the crowd is a mix. The crowd, naturally, is mostly male, but there are ladies in this club because 1) They came with their gay friend, 2) They wanted to experience a "gay club" (*guilty*), 3) They wanted to party on the Strip, and needed somewhere that could get them on the guest list fast (*guilty again*), or 4) They wanted to meet other ladies.I had fun watching the dancers, especially the guy who did some pirouettes, but I wanted to leave early. Don't get me wrong- the music is dance-worthy and the dancers know how to work it (for tips), but if you're in Vegas and want to go to a club that's "Vegas-y", Krave probably won't do it for you. If you get in for free, then you should go at least once, but if you're shelling out the dollars, then skip Krave and go somewhere else.
4	I had a blast at Krave.  Spacious dance floor, pretty quick drink service, crazy pole dancers doing insane tricks (OK, well, some of them), emo dancing on the stage, and a dancer with an entire ouijia board tattooed on his back = WIN.It isn't the fancy schmancy type of Vegas place, but it is a lot of fun.
4	This review is for the Sunday night version of Krave which is just part - a very small part - of the club. Friday and Saturday nights it's supposed to be much, much bigger and better.The place looks nice inside. It has nice comfy seating areas but they were all reserved - and empty. The bartender was quick and cool and hot! A Long island will set you back $11 and a beer $8. Not many people were there but most were dancing. It was fun ti watch a twink grinding on a taller buffer guy from behind - they actually started to hook up later on in the night haha! I think the music is generally worse here than the Los Angeles typical Pit "Fool" type music - god why did Miami have to curse us with him. Although they should get credit for a Yeah Yeah Yeahs remix here and they played Girl Gone Wild too - but a slow not so great version. The Go Go Boys actually dance better here than in Los Angeles haha (in the sense they try harder to be stylish and sexy) though here they seem to do a set of moves that would remind you of a cross between vogueing and Elvis karate moves haha!This is pretty much the only gay club on the strip so it should be supported and it gets my approval - defects and all.
4	I would personally give this establishment 3 stars because I'm not happy about the drink prices, pretty much 10 bucks with tip for one. However, it's only slightly higher than typical club prices, so I won't knock a star off. The music is awesome, upbeat, and loud; just perfect. Their dancers are hit or miss, some looked totally ridiculous trying to dance, only a couple of them actually knew what they were doing; granted it did offer some comedy!  My final comment and the main reason for the star is the place is packed, a bit too much for my liking and my friends- elbow to elbow at the bar at all times. They really need a bigger bar-tending section.
2	C'mon...it's a Gay NightClub? Where's the style, the Fabulousnessess?!?! I'm glad there's a gay nightclub on the strip but being side by side other upscale clubs and IN VEGAS?? I would expect better seating, better dance floor, hotter gogo dancers, and some kind of dance floor light system. Try Ikea if you are on a budget!! The floors are uneven and I've tripped on holes on the dance floor. It's also very sticky! Don't wanna know from what!Again, this is Vegas, where are the HOT gogo girls? You have 1 cute gogo boy that wears running shoes! Lol! Any city I go, I'm  used to girl's night being more boy's night except New York, San Francisco, and LA...so please tell me if Vegas has girl's night anywhere else? I did check out a place off Paradise, just can't remember the name and I had fun there.Btw, not a hater, just expect more for a place that charges $20 at the door and it's in Vegas!!
3	This club is to touristy for me especially during the weekends.  Its better to go during the week for the drink specials.PRO's-very big dance floor, good music, hot gogo dancers (guys and girls), hot bartenders, quick service, nicely decorated for a gay club. Mondays are good for $10 open bar, and cheap happy hours during the week.CON's-bartenders (straight ones) and you can tell which ones are straight are total a-holes to the gays, drinks are over priced $9 wells $7beers and glass is small, cover is $20 which is kind of steep for a gay club, especially if they are gona serve weak drinks that are overpriced. long lines full of gay tourists.  Locals do not come here because it has a bad rep for being to pricey.  No fabulousness like the other gay clubs in the fruit-loop area.
2	1. Krave, you're awesome for being a gay club on the strip. Kudos.2. $25 entry fee on a saturday night? Really?!?! Does it come with a free drink, damn! And locals get a better price. BULL CRAP, most clubbers are not locals, so help us out or we'll just end up at a straight club with better music 3. Okay... gotta give it to you though, the shows in between songs are pretty cool, it's a nice added touch and keeps the crowd pumpedWill I be back?? Possibly, bc their dress code is pretty chill and I don't like dressing like a skank. Haha.
4	I really liked this place!Huge dance floor, the music is good. The drink specials are pretty awesome during the week, $5 for any drink at any hour? sweeett. They even have male go go dancers and shows often which keep the crowd pumped.TIP: get on guest list and come early to avoid cover.
4	Exciting and fun!We walked here from the Elara and it was so easy. No hassle of hailing a cab or driving and trying to find parking. This particular night there was bondage act and I was only able to see a little bit. Too much drinking before hand. *Yikes* The music, from what I recall from last night, was good..dance-able or in my case...head bobbing-able. That's all I can remember. I think cover that night was $25. Pricey but I don't even remember paying... Thanks to my awesome party! -FUN!
3	I was very bummed about how sad the gay scene is in las vegas so there really wasn't much choice of where we were gonna go.The club was fun! great music, huge open venue so you could really dance, and people were very friendly. They would shoot confetti or soap suds in the air every 20 minutes or so which is fun. The go go dancers are also acrobats who get suspended from the ceiling. Never seen anything like that before.The reason i only give it 3 stars though is the cover... $20!!!!!! for that price i better get some free drinks or at least one of the dancers to take home ;P
4	This review doesn't matter.Why doesn't it matter, you ask?  Because Krave will be closing down in a few months, and will be replaced by a newer, bigger, shinier version called Krave Massive, located over on Fremont St.  See http://www.lasvegassun.com/news/2012/jul/25/krave-moving-downtown-expanding-worlds-largest-gay/ for details.Yes folks -- starting this winter, there will no longer be a gay club on the Strip.  (A moment of silence, please.)  In the meantime, enjoy the old Krave while you still can.  After all, there's a lot to enjoy. First of all, the cover is easy to avoid.  It's normally $25 on the weekend, but I simply called ahead of time and put myself on the guestlist -- and didn't pay any cover at all.  Let's also mention the drinks.  They're big, they're strong, and they're cheap.  On the particular Saturday that I went, they were selling ginormous $2 Long Island iced teas for anybody on the guestlist.  Two of those and I was thoroughly buzzed for the entire evening. Even with tip, an entire night's worth of cocktails at Krave cost less than a single drink at any of the breeder bars on the Strip.Krave is also an all-around fantastic place to dance and let loose.  The crowd begins to roll in after 11:30pm or so, and the party continues until sunrise.  (Oh, how I adore Las Vegas, where nightlife doesn't shut down at 2am.)  The dancing is punctuated by acrobatic shows -- by the go-go dancers.  (Yes, the go-go dancers are also acrobats.  That's my kind of multitasking.)Another perk to Krave -- plenty of places to sit and people-watch.  In most Vegas nightclubs, expect to pay for bottle service if you want a seat.  Not here.Needless to say, Krave is a guaranteed fun night out.  Enjoy it while it lasts, folks....
3	This is my review for a Wednesday night.Like most gay bars in Las Vegas that I had the pleasure of patronizing, cover charges are ridiculously expensive. To even charge on an off night and then charge premium prices on drinks at the same time is a big no-no in my book, but I'm sure they have their reasons (presumably high rent for being just off the Strip. It's that, or those go-go boys were actually the cast from "Magic Mike" and I didn't get an autograph). Fortunately, like many gay bars in Las Vegas, there's a way around that charge. By simply going to their website and putting yourself on the guest-list at no immediate expense, you can get in for free or be charged less at the door on certain nights depending on your residency status. Naturally, tourists are considered piggy banks just waiting to be shattered.For some reason though, they didn't have the guest list that night, but the girl at the door was kind enough to forgo charging me the $10 cover when I mentioned I was supposed to be on it. But the bargains stopped there. At the bar, I was charged $12 for a short glass of Redbull-Vodka. Add the tip, and I can see why it's a good idea to loiter outside to get some last-minute pregaming done. THANK YOU Nevada law on public drinking. And I guess the idea really is to come prepared. I sure learned my lesson, but at least I found a guy to buy me my next drink. . . haha.On a Wednesday night towards midnight, this place was pretty dead. I got the impression that this was more of an after-party destination since it picked up towards 1am, but I was still iffy about the whole setup. Other than the few barstools I wasn't able to sit in anyway, the place was filled with empty booths blocked by stanchions. This place needs more chairs! But maybe that was my tired tourist-ass talking. The stanchions just made the seating seem intimidating and a little too VIP for a night when nothing particularly exciting was going on.Also, a well-defined dance space would be nice. Maybe I missed it, but I couldn't find the smooth hard surface that I usually find at bars and clubs that become slick with alcohol spillage and body fluid over the course of a night out. Pretty handy those floors, when you want to do a lot of leg twisting when you dance. Yes, I'm being serious. A well lubricated floor makes for fun times, unless you're Mai Tai Bar and Ernie Verdugo just sued you and won $2-million (why isn't this making bigger headlines!?). LOL.The music was just fine. I kinda wished they played music videos on those screens to kind of stimulate the place a little, but I suppose the half-naked dancers and bartenders were good for that purpose.The crowd was pretty touristy. The three guys I talked to all night were from out of town and it was their first time there, so the conversations were pretty repetitive. "Oh, me too! So where you from?"At bars, the level of enjoyment you experience tends to depend on the company you're with or able find, but despite that, I wasn't really digging the venue. Wednesday nights are so not the nights to be there. It seems a bit half-assed, which is pretty true since only half the venue was open that night. Next time I'm in Vegas though, I'll be sure to come back on a weekend. After all, I've never legally partied at or ever even known a bar open until 7am before.
3	I love Krave,  I do. But, as a queer who favors females, it's annoying to go to a dance-club and be bombarded with gay males. -.-  I still had a lot of fun though, I just wish it catered to both the lesbians and the gay males. Good music, fun GoGo dancers. Pretty average on the cover price. The fact that Krave is open for 18+ on some nights is what made this place a 4-star
3	There might be plenty of seats, but most are in the reserved peanut gallery against the far wall.  Krave goes further and reserves all the other couched tables around the dance floor.  This leaves very few seats left for the enormous crowd that place attracts on the weekend.  It might be a must see, but do your research online.  Freezone had $3 wells when I left that town in 2012 and was the cheapest bar closest to Krave.  No cover there either.  Try em both if your touristy. Hit mapquest.  You can walk if your tough.  Haha.
4	I just had to review Krave before it closes. Being on the Vegas strip was great since it was walking distance to the strip hotels and I didn't have to worry about paying for a cab since some just love to rip you off. Krave is located outside of Planet Hollywood right between CVS and the Todai restaurant. The bouncers and the staff are very friendly except for a few  bartenders that can ignore you and can be complete douches. During the weekdays the club is open in the lounge and has a bar area, some dancers and free shows. Sign up online at their website to get drink offers and sometimes free cover. Free cover is worth it if you had a horrible time. :)During the weekends, the club opens the other side which is bigger part of Krave and you can avoid the $$$ cover charge if you text your name to 313131 before 7pm. Crowd during the weekends is a hit or miss and mostly are tourists and some locals. Just looking around the club comparing to the clubs in LA, it's not as chic as I thought especially on the Vegas strip. It just doesn't compare to:Marquee - CosmopolitanXS - EncoreTryst - WynnSince they're relocating the club to Downtown it better be worth the hype, I don't know how tourists will get there from the Vegas strip and Downtown is pretty seedy.  We'll just have to wait and see!Grrr....
1	New Years ... I was looking forward to seeing a preview of all the exciting new things to come. I still am, but definitely was not the place to be for New Years . It was like being at the back door .. Actually backdoor was probably better .  They should have kept doors closed until they were ready to open. While at the bar I was approached by 3 people 2 out of state and 1 local  asking of this was what Krave was ? Embarrassed I would say no, but they were upset they spent money to party (and I quote one person) "in a hick town high school prom gym! "  epic fail for New Year .  I really hope Krave massive has clean carpets, floors and better decor then the dump I spent 120 bucks to go to and have flat soda & drinks . Love the bar tenders. I still remember the opening of Krave at Planet Hollywood  good memories .  Hope to write great review once they open in spring!
1	This use to be a must when going to vegas. I got a table 2 months in advanced. tried to cancel it after less than 24 hrs after i purchased it. they said they would give me a refund asap but NEVER did. Horrible service. NEVER get a table here.
1	Recently visited KRAVE at Rio with a group of 15 friends for a birthday. We are from pretty far out of town so our Saturday night had to be good. A few of us have been to KRAVE in the past.... I went 3 times last year and had a great time. So naturally we figured we go back. WRONGWe arrived to find the place empty around 11:30 on a Saturday night.... unfortunately one of our friends quickly entered and paid the cover. Which was $30 .... yikes.Anyway, at that point the 14 other people decided we might go somewhere else... because you know on a Saturday night with a big group you want to have fun. Nope!After taking my friends money they flat out refused to give a refund.... 30 seconds after the fact. They wouldn't even make eye contact while we kept asking... just pretended we weren't there.So our group split in half, some left. Lucky them..We entered... at no point were we approached to do bottle service which would have been a better deal for everyone involved. Thank god our Friday night was spent at another gay bar that's a few blocks away.... or the whole trip would have been ruined. I spent 15$ there for my whole night VS 60$ at Krave. Oh and did I mention the 28$ for a double rum and coke. Hell at least get an attractive bar tender to serve me this... not some grumpy old man.
2	Went to Krave while it was temporarily at Rio. Ridiculous drink prices ($9 domestic bottle), and maybe only 1/4 full on a Saturday night. Don't bother signing up for their text message drink specials...the bartenders don't honor them. Not worth going off the strip.
1	Dont go !!!!!!!!   dont waist your money no one in the club...... the management does not know how to run the club nor do they pick up the phone or email you back !!!! They say 18 and up for events but per the manager last friday 8/23/13 it's only Thur night the new venue can't have 18 and up on the weekends!!!!!   It's in a old strip mall now it's more like a hole in a wall not a club!
3	i ended up getting my refund back. thanks
1	Went here at 11:30 and noone was here music was wack my friends and I was having a full convo  in the club because the music wasnt even that loud .. to be honest if I can here my friends talk from a distance u know is bad.. dont come here so glad I was on the guess list because they charge ppl 20$ if u dont live in las vegas..
