4	Yay for small family grocers!!While Knoche's is too small and expensive for everyday groceries, this is where locals come time and again for good cuts of meat and various savory items for summertime grilling.  Steve Knoche himself is often found helping out behind the meat counter.  Don't forget to grab a big helping of their potato salad!!
5	My go to place for meat.  (it took me forever to find such a place in this butcher-less town).Everyone in this town think Jacobson brothers is the place to turn for their butched meat needs.  I think this is mostly because ya'all think there is a correlation between the dollar amount and meat quality.Jacobson brothers did not come to the rescue when I needed a 8 pound fresh ham to brine.  Knoche's did.  Knoche's seems to carry every part of the cow and pig.  Some parts are not on display in the case, and are hidden away in the basement freezer.  I found this out on my most recent meat hunt -- for short ribs. Ask the the cute aproned men to run down and get them.While not the cheapest priced cuts in town, they are reasonably priced and fairly high quality.  Furthermore, you can feel good shopping at a locally owned joint.  They also have family recipes of chili, potato salad, bratwursts, etc that I am always tempted to try.
5	If you want good meat and good service this is the place to go . I always buy my meat there for a special occasion . Steve goes out of his way to help you ! I went in there and forgot what kind of pork roast my elderly mother wanted and he called her on the phone to ask her - now that is good service :) They also have morel mushrooms in the spring and the best tenderloins money can buy .  I have never been disappointed in their meat .
5	An old-school, no-frills, best-you'll-ever-find butcher shop and local market, all wrapped-up in one - it doesn't get any better than this.Folks-in-the know hit-up Knoche's for superb cuts of meat - from premiere restaurants to savvy home cooks - this is the place for those looking for a true, full-service butcher shop.I've purchased pork shoulders, baby back ribs, pork loins, pork tenderloins, chicken breasts (bone-in, split, boneless), briskets, roasts, tenderloins, burgers, and brats from Knoche's, and I've never once been disappointed.The butchers really know their stuff, and are more than happy to help you with a question or a special request.  They'll share tips-and-tricks for cooking if you ask.  The store has a nice beer selection as well as wine and spirits.  They carry a decent selection of staple goods as well, all though prices will be slightly higher than what you'll find at places like Woodman's.  Simply put, I don't go anywhere else for meats.  If you're in the Madison area, do yourself a favor and stop-in.
4	Great little grocery store and butcher. Great meats. Delicious potato salad. My pup loves the marrow bones we bring him from here. Since it's a little on the pricy end (more than woodman's or copps, less than whole foods) we tend to not do our general shopping here. Since  it's a couple blocks from home we pick things up quite frequently when we realize we need something quickly (usually while cooking dinner). Unfortunately it closes fairly early (I think 7PM) and is closed on Sundays. It tends to smell a little funny-- I'm not sure if it's the butcher shop or just odors that it has picked up from people coming in and out.
5	This is a quaint butcher shop on Madison's west side that has been there FOREVER!  What does that mean? They rock!  Top quality meats (many locally raised) and killer staff...this is what I imagine going into a butcher shop in the 70's was like!  They will answer any and all of your questions, give you cooking tips, and even help you pick out the best piece of meat.  We recently bought a Big Green Egg smoker and they were fabulously helpful teaching us about what cuts to look for!  I've bought full packer briskets, pork shoulders, t-bones, ribeyes, sirloins, and whole chickens from here an NEVER been disappointed!  They also have a great craft beer and wine selection as well (it's hard to find Anchor Steam out of San Fran in town...and they have it)!  Love this shop...you should definitely make it a staple on your shopping list!
