4	Great to see a decent pub open up in Portobello. It's nicely decorated and there is plenty room round the tables and chairs. The food was nice but the menu is limited and there really wasn't a decent vegetarian option apart from the vegiburger, which if you go regularly you don't want to have every time. The staff were lovely, very friendly and very helpful. You get a great view on a nice day but it does get busy on a sunny day which is great for the Espy. Its certainly the best run this pub has been in years.
3	Popped in here for a couple of beers and something to eat. The first beer - Sunchaser, was flat as the proverbial, so tried another, that dagnamit I can't remember the name of now, but it was a much better beer than the first. Overall, though I wasn't completely amazed by either. We both had the veggie burger - which was pretty darn tasty, although personally I would prefer a teensy bit more chilli sauce as that was hitting the tastebuds in just the right way. My drinking buddy was of a similar opinion. More is more in this case!The Espy is definitely a welcome addition to Portobello promenade (ok I have no idea how long it has been around for but it's new on the scene for this returning local).
4	The Espy is a delightful wee bar situated just off Portobello beach.It looks nice, the food is nice, the staff are efficient and they have a variety of beers on tap (a couple of which I hadn't even heard of).I was attracted to this place purely by the peculiar but charming shape of it. It peeks out near the beach and looks a fair bit more upmarket than some of the more traditional pubs on Portobello's High Street.It is, however, very laid back, from the prompt but chilled out service to the general vibe of this place. Best enjoyed on a rare sunny day after you've dipped your feet in the sea and fancy nipping off the beach to grab a cooling pint or wee cheeky glass of wine.
4	Very friendly, comfortable, and clean place at Portobello.  A nice place for a snack and/or drink/coffee.  They have tables and couches the like, to lounge about.  They also have games to sit and engage in.  Check it out.
5	Living on the beach I am lucky enough to enjoy all the little idiosyncrises and oddities that separate it out from life on a city centre street. Instead of watching out for wild car drivers you have to be mindful of a rouge child being chased after by a windswept and excasperated parent. Instead of car fumes faint aromas of seaweed and salty sea tantalise your nose. Instead of bookies and chip shops craming into tight city center shops, you have penny arcades lining the way providing a place for children to waste their pocket money (or a place of shelter when the Scotish weather takes it's usual turn for the worse).To be situated so close to the city (only 20 minutes by bus) this is another of Edinburgh's hiden little gems.For anyone making the trip along to Porty it is my opinion that you will have missed it's greatest attribute if you miss The Espy.A quirky and fun little pub, with giant spiders and inflatable kangaroos adorning the walls, the pub is split into two halves. One half is for those of you who have a few hours to spare to really enjoy the big sofas that will engulf you in their comfort and you'll not be able to drag yourself away! This side also has a range of books, travel guides and games to help distract you from the bustling world outside. The other half is more traditional. Tables and chairs for those who are only there for a drink, bit of banter or a bite to eat.The food here is nothing short of YUUUUUUUUUUUMMMY! From the biggest gourmet burgers to whatever you are lucky enough to see on the specials board you will not be disappointed. I like their menu as well as the chef clearly knows best how his food should be cooked and he tells you! One minor downfall I went for a veggie burger on one occasion, I like to see how the other half live sometimes, as tasty as it was I found it quite hard to eat as it crumbled a bit too easily for my liking.The staff here are very good as well, even remembering my order down to the type of wine I was drinking even though I hadn't been in for a few weeks. They are attentive without being intrusive and ensure that your visit is an enjoyable one.They do offer various themed nights, they have film nights, live music and they are even having a murder mystery night coming up!If you ever find yourself taking a leisurely stroll along the promenade and you fancy a bit of shelter from the sun, or more likely the driving wind and rain, then there is no better place to settle down for the afternoon for a nice pint than The Espy.
3	Solid pub with reasonable food, spotty service.  I went here on a friday night after playing Ultimate Frisbee on the beach for a couple of hours.  Great selection of beers but a poorly laid out bar area made finding a spot difficult.  There was some confusion over getting a table, but eventually we did wind up in the bar area, a comfortable room apparently quite dog friendly, as there were several mixed species group sitting around relaxing.  The dogs were very well behaved and attentive, which is more than I can say for the service.  Admittedly it's a crowded pub on a Friday, so I understand... but still didn't appreciate the long wait and poor service.  The food was decent.  I ordered a ribeye, medium rare.  It was a tasty piece of meat, undercooked and tough sadly.  The chips were nice, but the side salad was bizarre.  It was basically a naked bowl of bitter greens, large and unwieldy, which I didn't finish.Overall a nice spot, and a good place to get a pint
4	Stopped off here for dinner on New Year's Day after a walk along the prom to blow away the cobwebs. It's a lovely cosy pub & half of Edinburgh/Porty must've had the same idea because it was mobbed. After a wee wait for a table we shared the baked Camembert & onion relish for starter. It was delish. Lots of toasted flatbread for dipping too. I opted for the beef pie for main. It was full of flavour & really tender. Buttery peppered cabbage & mashed tatties meant it was perfect comfort food. Would also be good for anyone with a hangover to cure. The OH opted for a Porty burger. It was huge. His chips were proper hand cut chunky things & he polished it off in record breaking time.On the beer front, lots of yummy sounding stuff to try. I have signed up for the Cancer Research Dryathlon so couldn't partake. Ah well, any excuse to return in Feb ;-)
4	I like that on a rainy day at the beach this place provides a save haven ! It is a spacious and warm bar / restaurant. Part of the place is set aside for food service overlooking the beach and sea -but we were not refused when we only wanted a drink. Big tables and hard wooden chairs (not very comfortable for a long stretch.) We had a quick look at the meal options, but not much fancied our appetite. The mash potatoes and the chili con carne was interesting but not very special (for us) we did see many families enjoying the food. They had Staropramen on draft which is not that usual these days. So I was instantly pleased. We were also been given a big carafe of iced water. What makes this 4 stars? I am not sure about this place, I like it, but it is divided in its flavours and ambiance. It has a lounge, bar and restaurant area. In the lounge you can actually play some games from the selection they have available, chess, monopoly, scrabble etc.. Nice touch. They are also catering for the dogs and their masters and even though there were a lot of them, no excessive barking or fights. In fact it was all quite tranquil. What is missing? Identity, This place has it all, seemingly, beach location, food, passing trade and many locals. It keeps the flavour quite bland and at the same time trying to be too much for to many people. I guess in the summer months that doesn't really matter but in the winter you try to buy in to a 'cosy, warm and home feel of a place' and that was missing. A big compliment is to the staff, they are so friendly, attentive and chilled that they make you feel at ease from the first greeting!Will I be back? - yes - when I am at the beach I will try to have a little nip in here.
3	Not quite 4 stars, a bit more than 3 - so 3.5 stars from me for the Espy.We stopped in here after spending the afternoon in the Turkish Baths at Portobello Swim Centre.  In need of food and rehydration (and a bit of beer-drinking dehydration), The Espy was conveniently located and looked good.The decor is a bit unusual - kind like a Scottish version of a US diner, and while comfortable enough, it did feel a bit cold, like it hadn't really been thought out.I was kind of weirded out by the fact that there were pitchers of water already on the tables.  Certainly convenient, but we have no idea how long that pitcher sat there before we arrived, which gave it a slightly unsanitary feel.We opted for burgers because there really wasn't another option for lunch.  I really wasn't in the mood for a burger, but didn't fancy pasta or whatever else there was on the menu.  What happened to sandwiches, or a salad  or something light?I asked for a burger that was a combo of a couple of different options which I guess took the waitress by surprise because her response was curt and unfriendly.Our (enormous) burgers arrived with a nice salad and chips.  At this point, the waitress' demeanor changed to comment that my burger order actually looked really good.  It was... basically.  It was a perfectly acceptable burger, though the meat didn't taste seasoned, and it was far more than I could eat.  I wish more places offered different sizes of burgers because it always seems like such a waste of food.So a totally fine experience in all, but I definitely didn't walk away feeling wowed by the place enough to make a point to return.
3	One thing I've got to say about Espy: location! There is something fantastic, magical and totally irresistible about the twin street-and-beach positioning of this gasto-pub type affair, perched invitingly on the sea front, with two walls facing you while you stare in at happy-looking diners. I had actually come across a few negative reviews of this place (and some decent ones) - none negative from Yelp - and as a result didn't plan on dining here on this particular Portobello visit. But that magical location cannot be resisted!I have to say the negative coverage I'd been exposed to was unjustified, in my opinion. I found the whole experience respectable, and generally satisfying. Service was reasonably good and food was reasonably good too. Plenty of burgers on the menu, but there was a good range of daily specials, which looked nice as waiting staff wandered by wielding them. And let's not forget its pubby side: the drink selection seems respectable at a glance, so thumbs up. The lounge area - which I didn't sit in - looked like a winner to me: nice a low, attractive and comfortable looking.I'd love to offer more enthusiasm about The Espy, but sometimes you've got to admit that you're just happy enough with an experience, and that it was just good. But you know, I don't need to rave about it because all YOU need to do is wander by and let that location suck you in. I'm telling you: you'll be in the door before you can say "damnitIwashopingtogoforajoglater".
1	The Espy has a lot going for it, based right next to the seaside, a few tables outside giving the option to eat or drink alfresco. Inside is a different matter where there is a lot going on and shouting? You get the feeling of disorganisation not the staff but the way it has been set, I got the vibe of lack of leadership or people where unsure of what they where doing or even scared. The walls are covered in what could be described as tac as in rubbish that has no rhyme or reason just needed a de clutter Staff where polite and helpful and the food was good especially the burgers. Film nights every Monday.
4	Pretty decent  seaside cafe featuring  gastro-pubby food, nice views and good service. It fails a little on the pricing but it is one of perhaps 3 options along the Porty waterfront and I happen to like it best so far. Big bonus points for the quality draught pints I have had here and the nice kid's menu. Good quality table service for children is always a happy thing and The Espy hits the target. This involves taking the kid orders first and making sure the kid food is out sharpish. The veggie burger was good, the nachos were nice and the fish dishes tasty. I am told the breakfasts are great but have not tried them yet. It's a nice, relaxed place to find yourself. Recommend.
4	I've eaten here numerous times since it stopped being a old mans' pub. I think 5+ years ago. Super place. Great customer service. The food is lovely. I've had mussels, fish specials and pasta dishes. Lovely red wines. If I recall the have one or both of my favourites.  Malbec or Rioja. I often forward this place to meet up with friends. I've been to at least 2 huge birthday gatherings here. Ooo. And a walk on the beach/boardwalk! All in all a grand day out!
2	Starting to slide a bit in a few key areas: 1) Even with a reservation made well in advance for a quiet Sunday lunch, we were not given the table we requested. (the one with the fish tanks my 5 year old adores). We were told to ask for it upon arrival as it is a table for 10 and we were only 6. Even though the table was empty and stood empty the entire time we were in the place. So that's pretty rubbish.2) Gone are the multiple choices for vegetarians. From an average of about 3 choices of starters and mains to...one main and one starter. Boo, hiss.3) NO fish and chips. I dragged my parents here to have them and none were available. You had one job, Espy. To be the place where my American dad had his first fish and chips. Mission fail!Otherwise, I suppose it's much the same. Just not as nice as it was. The table thing bothered me.
4	Favourite place for after work or a bite. The bar area in the back in a lot nicer than the restaurant area up front in our opinion, and tends to have better service for some reason. Service at the outdoor tables can be very slow when the place is busy. Still, grab a couch in the back and enjoy the best burgers in Edinburgh and a good selection in the bar.
