4	Bruster's is gotta have the best ice cream of any place I've been.  I'm a big double chocalote fan but the butter pecan can get it done also.  A little on the pricey side so we reserve it for special treats but it is a treat when you get it!Depending on how tall your kids are they may qualify for a free cone.
4	Yay! I'm a fan.  I first heard of Bruster's when I would visit my sister in Williamsburg, VA, she would get birthday cakes from Bruster's.  Then when I moved to CLT I found one in Matthews, so now anytime I am near Monroe & 51, my car automatically pulls in there.  I don't know how it happens, but I find myself parked in the parking lot, I might as well get something.  They have tons of choices, I couldn't decide today, I was torn between chocolate cake batter, chocolate mint chip, something with peanut butter.  I totally flaked at the window and ordered chocolate in a cake cone. When in doubt I just go for an old stand by.  They offer sundaes, waffle bowls and cones, banana splits, cake cones and sugar cones. The cake cone was fresh, light and crunchy!
5	Bruster's Real Ice Cream is the real deal in ice cream.  It is unique in that their ice cream is not quite soft serve nor dip either.  They make their own ice cream and I swear I think they use heavy cream.  Their creamy ice cream is available in many flavors (some staples and some seasonal rotation) and its still slightly less $$$ than Baskin-Robbins.Speaking of flavors, if you like coffee ice-cream that doesn't taste like caramel or "cappuccino" from convenience stores, Brusters is your place.  And if you love hot fudge brownie sundaes, this place will rock your socks off.  They put 2 brownies in a bowl, followed by three scoops of your choice of ice cream, then top it off with copious amounts of real whip cream.  Granted, this sugary concoction is $5 and some change, but its nice to treat yourself once in a while.  The staff are generally teenagers, but they never fail to friendly and focused.  I hate to see customer service standards lowering just about everywhere, but Bruster's does not fail to please.  My only suggestion for them is that they have indoor seating.  The few benches and chairs stay occupied during the summer months, so go at an "off" time.
3	If everyone went to get ice cream more often, the world would undoubtedly be a happier place.  Unfortunately, Bruster's is not really on my typical route, so I do not get by often.They are a franchise, but they do not really act like one.  They are more like your old-school Dairy Queen, with a walk-up window where you order the goods, wait for the delivery, and eat standing and mingling or perhaps at a table.Your actual order is generally pretty tasty, but most especially so on a hot day.  The bad news is that there is really no sit-down location, so even though ice cream may be a treat in the winter, when the weather is bad - even a rainy day in the summer - it can be tough to enjoy at this location.
3	Great spot in Matthews to bring the kids after a ball game and get a sundae.  The ice cream is cold, the employees are all high school hippies, and the line to get your sweet tooth fix is tolerable.It's got everything an Ice cream shoppe should have, so don't be shy ordering your brownie, banana split sundae with chocolate ice cream, hot fudge and peanuts - they will deliver!
4	Key lime pie is my favorite!
5	For their enthusiastic and friendly employees and their ever so yummy cones, ice creams, and cakes...I give Bruster's 5 stars. This Matthews location is great. I am always greated by a young, smiling person anxious to help me. They have even given my dog a little doggie ice cream without me asking, along with offering my baby niece a free baby ice cream. Love it.
4	Bruster's has solid ice cream. They have a lot of choices in flavors. They are priced about the same as most ice cream places these days. I love that I can bring my dog and that they have free dog ice cream for her. Its a short drive away and I venture here every once in awhile when I want a sweet treat.
