5	La Mexicana is an upgraded version of the street vendors.  Good healthy food, prepared home style, this is the real deal.  There is nothing pretentious about La Mexicana, including owner Roberto who sports a soul patch and perfect English.  The walls are decorated with memorabilia and the tables are large, solid and sturdy.  What makes La Mexicana worth the trip is the food.  It's made fresh daily in the small kitchen.  There are 3 kinds of chili (what we gringos call salsa) 2 red and 1 verde each with a distinct flavor.  The carne asada is is grilled, thinly cut and goes well in the ample burritos filled with rice, beans and fresh cilantro.  The chili verde, chucks of pork in a nice tasty brown sauce are equally at home as a stand alone dish over rice with beans and salad on the side or stuffed into a burrito, enchilada or taco.  La Mex is about as authentic as it gets.  A working persons cafe, it is always filled with locals on a break from work, holding meetings or watching the huge TV that dominates the corner playing "futbol' or Telenovelas or the latest musical offerings live from Mexico City. La Mexican is a Vegas local's hidden treasure.
5	hit la mexicana for lunch on monday with a small group.   My kind of place.  it's a very casual mexican restaurant.  One large room with about 20 tables, you order and pick up the food at a counter.  Besides your standard, tacos, burritos, tostadas, etc, they had a slew of items that sounded good, but i'll be damned if i knew what they were.the standard street cart taco ( a couple soft tortillas, meat, onion, cilantro and various sauces from the salsa bar cost 85 cents.  Given my pathetic limitations of low carb, i basically ordered 4 carnitas tacos minus the tortillas , placed in a bowl - very good, yeah, kinda dull, but it hit the spot.others had the tacos, cuille relleno, gorditas ( i just thought that was a taco bell thing ) tamales and some sort of stew made with pork rinds - it all looked great and everyone was pleased.the lunch crowd was hopping - that's always nice to see in a local mom & pop restaurant.highly recommend if you are in the area and hankering for mexican food at a place high on quality in a casual setting.Happy Eating !
1	Give me a break!I went to this place because of my fellow yelpers' very positive reviews.Was it better than Roberto's? Was it better than Baja Fresh? Was it better than Chipotle?Was it better than Agave?Was it better than any of the Michoacans?No! Not even equivalent!The worst part of it is now I'm suspect of what gets posted on this site. It's a crisis of confidence! Sigh.
5	I love this place! It's not your average Mexican American food. The price is cheap and quality is wonderful. Although the menu is minimal, tacos, burritos, enchiladas, and the soup are my top picks. The soup is only available certain days, so if you enjoy real mexican food...I suggest to try this place.  If not, then please enjoy your Chipotle!
5	I love this place. Can't stop eatin' those carnitas tacos! Everything is good here. If you want to visit a neighborhood kinda establishment, not pretentious, just really good food. This might be your place. All kinds of interesting hot rod memorabilia, pictures of the owner with lots of celebrity types that also visit this very cool spot. Awesome!
5	Great place for tacos and burritos. Past boxing champs have patronized this little place, and for obvious reasons. The portions are decent and the food is great. One has to admire the folks for making this place have a character all onto itself. There are photo graphs, signed jerseys and all kinds of memorabilia on the walls.
5	The word "authentic" is so overused when talking about Mexican places. I'm guilty of using it on more than one occasion. But, for lack of a better term that is exactly what this place is. It's a small, locally owned restaurant with authentic Mexican food. All the usual stuff (tacos, burritos, tamales, tortas, soups) at great prices. Tacos are 90 cents! I got 3 tacos and a soda for under 4 bucks. That's a great deal for any lunch.Tacos are two soft  4-inch tortillas piled with your choice of meat, onions and cilantro. The pastor was good, but not great. The carnitas on the other hand were amazing. Soft and tender and full of flavor. The best carnitas tacos I've had in a long time. They were so good I stopped by a second time a couple days later to order 2 more. I wanted to try their tamales but they were out so I ordered 2 asada tacos, which were amazing. Some of the best authentic (there, I said it again) Mexican food around.
5	I was torn between giving this restaurant a 4 or a 5 because the carnitas tacos are to die for but the sauce on the chile rellenos was average. We came by La Mexicana Bakery about half an hour before they were closing and not a single customer was inside which I immediately feared to be an indication of bad food.We were greeted by a pleasant woman who took our order and we told her that we had come here just because of reviews from other people. She smiled graciously and said that indeed, they did have the best tacos in Las Vegas. I was brimming with excitement to try these hyped up tacos and I was greatly rewarded. The tacos were in fact so-so delicious and authentic, just like the ones my fiance and I had in Manzanillo. We ordered 10 tacos and the chili rellenos (which were good but the sauce needed more flavor) We got home and gobbled the food up, stuffed, but wishing we had ordered more because it was so good.---After further thought, I decided to give La Mexicana 5 stars just because their tacos are so amazingly delicious.
3	We had read about this restaurant on the chowhound board and decided to give it a try.  We ordered 3 pastors and 1 pollo.  Though the tortillas are on the small size, they are delicious and filled to overflowing
4	Not sure if I saw anything related to a 'bakery' but definitely this place serves great authentic tacos like the ones you would get from a taco truck. I had both the chicken and carnitas tacos - actually went with the 4 tacos, beans, rice and soda special for $5.00. What a deal! I'd take this over a $5 footlong anyday.A sign says 'best nachos' in Las Vegas. Not sure I would go that far but can definitely agree the carne asada nachos were good and for the price $6.75, can be split between 2 people.Interesting decor and wooden tables inside, 'hole in the wall' strip mall atmosphere. Would definitely return for more tacos!
2	I'm not quite sure how this place got to have that many stars or how they even stay in business. I'm sorry. I'm not usually one to seem this harsh but I have to be honest. The food sucked! Yes, I know good Mexican food.  We had blah tamales, meduno and chicken tacos. Complete Fail!
