5	such delicious healthy options... plus it's family owned and operated and they are genuinely nice people. my only wish is that we lived closer... I would come for a smoothie and food everyday!
5	Unique menu. Great taste and healthy. Love this place
4	First timer. Staff was pretty friendly, & the place inside looked great. I got the Mocha madness. It lacked flavor and was overpriced, $8.64 for a protein shake... I might be back to try the food.
2	Really disappointed in this place. The menu is not displayed well, so it's overwhelming to look at. The Hawaii Salad I got was bland, Unappealing looking, & was brought out on plate vs a bowl, so made it harder to eat. It took awhile too. Plus, the staff was rather lethargic and didn't have a welcoming personality to them. To be honest, it doesn't appear as if the owners consulted anyone with restaurant experience or knowledge when they decided to open this place. I was really looking forward to another healthy place to eat at, but was sadly underwhelmed and severely disappointed with this place. Unless they make some major changes to their menu (better display, more organized, less corn, have a calorie count) I doubt I'll try it again.
5	I created a Yelp just to review one of my new favorite restaurants, The Protein Source.  The food and service at The Protein Source is absolutely phenomenal.  I spoke to Claud (I believe that's how his name is spelled) and Mason, who were both friendly and willing to chat with us about the menu.  The restaurant was very clean and welcoming.  I ordered the Protein Source Signature burger and it may be one of the best burgers I have ever had.  Also, the burger was very filling and had a side of sweet potato hash.  During my meal, the staff made sure to check up on me to see if I was enjoying the meal, which I was.  The Protein Source provided me one of the best meals I have ever had with great service.  I will definitely be visiting frequently.  Good luck to the competitors.
4	Ive been excited to try this place out since it opened if you weeks ago.  Great location just up from LVAC gym on the end cap of a strip center, walking in there are small tables and bench seating as well as an outside covered patio. The menu has many great choices of Protein, hence, the name of the restaurant. I ordered the Lean Turkey Bowl but was certainly interested in the Bison and Elk meats, next time. Everything was cooked very well and although the service took almost 20 mins with only 1 guy ahead of me who got his order with 5-10 mins made me wonder why it took so long, simply the cooks were standing around when me and the other guy walked in so not like there was a lunch rush. Anyway, the food was good and I will certainly go back to hopefully improved faster service and a move up to 5 stars, until then 4.
5	amazing the dbl elk burger is awesome moist burger and gigantic... wish it was closer...
4	Great little health food spot.  I love that they have sweet potato sides as that's my go to carb. The food is fresh and just what I expected. Cons:Could be a bit more informative about their menu. They have such a great outdoor space and totally need to dress it up.  Candles on the tables at night,  some fresh flowers in table top vases and potted patio plants would really help. Overall love this place but they need some style in the decor.
5	It's my Third time eating here in the last four days.  Great food and the owner is always here greeting customers and making sure be service is operating at it's very best.  I've had the elk burgers, super lean, aloha and pancakes everything is fresh.  I'm going to start bringing my pro athletes down here to eat and get there meals prepared.  The meats are never frozen and all organic can't ask for anything better.  Spend a littler money on your health now to save a whole lot later.
5	Awesome food & juices! The owners are very involved in operations which made my experience very personal. I will definitely be back. Thanks for the great lunch!
5	Awesome food. Better than Greens and Proteins right across the parking lot. The pineapple power is awesome and my better half built her own meal. They got plenty of choices and everything that I have tried is delicious. Definitely coming back.
5	Long story short: tasty, clean, healthy food. Nice portions for a balanced meal. Some background:  I was here on business and staying at the Hampton Inn. I travel a lot for work and eating out every night gets old. I try to find healthy places to eat. They make food the way I would make at home, simple ingredients, lighty seasoned. Portions were just right and prices were reasonable for the quality and ingredients. Lunch: ahi tuna bowl, not just a few pieces, but the entire filet seared just right and sliced. I subed in quinoa instead of the veg mix. It comes with olive oil/soy dressing on the side. Next time I would like a cap so I can mix the dressing together before putting it on, it was separated and hard to mix. Tasted great and made me feel great afterwards! I was full but not sluggish. I would order again.Dinner: Elk burger, it was pretty good. I had never eaten elk before, it is a little dry for my taste, idk if thats the meat or it's cooked to long? The mustard spread and bbq that comes with is nice. Sweet potato hash with shallots and kale, seasonings was also tasty. Again, clean, tasty meal. I think I would try something else before ordering this again. Bison burger next... I also had the antioxidant juice: beets, carrots, ginger, apple, kale, spinach. Sweet, they keep the fibers in.Since they're new and feedback is always nice, sitting under the red tent outside during lunch hurt my eyes.. it kind of makes you squint the whole time. Just sit inside if it bugs you too. Overall, I'll eat here again. They just opened a few weeks ago. So far so good. Hopefully they can keep the reasonable prices and friendly service. Owner is really nice, I overheard conversations and it sounds like he knows his stuff so he'd probably give you some great free workout/eating right advice. Nice job protein source! Thanks for a good meal. I'll be back before I go home.
5	It's right next to the gym so you can get those good as a mofo post workout meal Gainz, it's the only place that serves Elk I believe, the owner Claudio is cool as a fan and all friendly and stuff and the food is never dry or sub-par. EAAAAAAT IIIIIIIITT!!!!
5	So far I really enjoy the food here, it's delicious, healthy, and they are pretty quick. It's a little pricey when it comes to building your own meal as compared to Greens & Proteins (their neighbor across the lot) but there are more options to choose from. The one thing I do like is that their sweet potato mash (huge portion) is like real sweet potato unlike at G&P it seems less condensed? If that makes sense. Their stevia bbq sauce is also delicious with the bison (Their bison portion is smaller than G&P) and elk. Haven't tried much YET, but this is definitely my new preference. One thing I would probably recommend - they probably have this option and I haven't asked yet - is to have some steamed veggies. They've only been open for a couple of months but it's definitely worth the try!!
5	Great food and excellent atmosphere. Kind and courteous service. Awesome outdoor covered patio that's nice to lounge at. The owners are almost always there making sure everything is right.  And the elk is amazing. All need to try.
5	Finally! A truly guilt free place to eat for me and my daughter after hitting the gym. I had a delicious ground turkey bowl. The turkey was moist and flavorful with lots of veggies, rice, beans and it was topped with sliced avocado yum! Everything tasted so fresh and healthy :)My picky toddler had a protein pancake with Nutella and a scrambled egg. She actually ate! Not all of it because the portions are HUGE which I LOVE because mommy has breakfast for the morning. There was no oil, butter or excessive salt used to make this food taste amazing! Thank you thank you thank you for opening this restaurant! PS I don't usually Yelp I'm just this excited about this new restaurant!
5	Awesome casual dining option for those who care about what they eat. I had the Aloha burger. The chicken was so juicy and tender. My friend had the elk burger and loved it. The service was fast and the employees are awesome. Will come back!
4	Very good fresh healthy food. Very expensive I thought.  $45 for two sandwiches, a protein shake and ice tea.
5	AMAZING! For starters I had no clue what to order and the gentlemen there were very informative about the available selections. I chose the sweet salmon bowl which was full of flavor to the very last drop! The entire meal was fresh in taste. Definitely will be returning and I recommend anyone who cares about eating quality, healthy, great tasting food to stop in and treat yourself! An added factor is that the place is very clean and well organized! Thanks for making my night! Good food does that for me! :)
5	I had the elk, sweetpotato mash and broccoli tonight...it was really, really good.  This might be the best restaurant I've been to that caters to people who take great care about eating healthy food.  I highly recommend The Protein Source....wouldn't be surprised if it grows very quickly.
5	I never feel "guilty" about eating here. The wait for food is a bit long, but that's only because everything is made fresh to order and a little bit more pricey than your average take out spot, but the ingredients are high quality. Im very picky about my food yet I love most of the things on the menu. Also I'm a very "clean eater" and I love the fact that everything here is made as clean as possible. I eat here almost everyday as its right across the parking lot from the gym (LVAC Flamingo & 215) so it's the perfect place to go before or after working out to load up on protein :)
5	This is my favorite place to eat a healthy meal in Las Vegas! The owner is very friendly and you can tell how much effort and thought was put into making every meal extremely balanced, healthy and tasting great.
5	What an awesome place for good clean eating. First time there with the wife and was blown away with how many options they had. All looked and sounded good so looking forward to trying everything on the menu. I had the Steak Bowl and man it was delicious and filling. If your looking to eat clean but still enjoy a tasty meal this is the place to be
5	Found my new place to eat healthy good food.  It was our first time here and we couldn't decide on what we wanted.  The service was great.  The man greeted and asked if we had any questions he could help us out. I ordered the ahi tuna salad and it was delicious.  The fish was cooked just right and the vinaigrette was tasty.   I'm a big juice fan, so I had to try one out.  I got the hypertension and it was awesome.  I would highly recommend trying this place out.  It's great place if your trying to eat healthy.
5	GREAT service, great menu! The food tasted amazing and the juices are freshly made. Love this place!
3	I'll admit, it was a little intimidating to come in here after scoping out their social media pages and seeing tons of bodybuilders and fitness fanatics giving them accolades. I love a good sweat fest, but I am not dedicated to it as a career. Luckily, the staff are friendly and the menu has options to satisfy just about anyone who walks in and simply wants something a bit healthier than the average meal out.The Breakfast Smoothie is not on the menu any longer, but an awesome start to the day with your choice of base (whole, fat free, or almond milk), plus natural peanut butter, strawberry, banana, and coconut flakes- pretty similar to what I make on my own, but a safe option for your first trip over here. Other favorites include the protein pancakes and their various bison dishes- looks to be best in their burgers. They also currently have a Yelp check-in discount offer for $1 off a protein shake or juice- stop by before or after your next LVAC workout!
5	Outstanding food and great service plus breakfast anytime of the day .  I did the make your own meal and it was cooked to perfection and with very fresh ingredients  ... I'll have to try the raw juices and smoothies next time. If you are trying to eat clean and not sacrifice taste check them out for sure
5	I really like this place. Great food quality and service. The people here really know how to put a good menu together and still be healthy.
5	Wow I was very impressed with my first visit.I ordered the Bigboy Bison with bison burger on oatmeal Greek yogurt whole wheat buns, caramelized onion, 3 egg whites or 1 egg, cheddar, romaine, tomato, and house sugar free BBQ sauce for 12.99 with a side of sweet potato hash. It was a real winner. I never had bison or elk and was hesitant but I would have never known the difference between bison and beef. I enjoyed the sweet potato hash and I have to say not everyone knows how to make a sweet potato taste good, but they did it just right simple but tasty. I am also happy to not see "tofu fries" which I am not sure how fried is healthy. I am looking forward to them having the calories, protein, fat, etc on their menu, I was told that is on it's way to happening soon. This did not taste healthy at all and I believe that it is, but wow how was it so good? I want to see the calorie count for proof then I am sold for sure. I can't wait to go back and try other items, I hope they are just as good as what I had.
5	The Build Your Own Meal is awesome! What a simple way to customize your nutrition. This place has so many healthy options and the staff is incredibly friendly. The only drawback I have found is that they don't have butter. I'm a fat lover and like to smother my Ezekiel toast in it, otherwise it's too dry for my liking. Other than that, this place is great!
3	The portions are so tiny even for a petite person like me and prices are expensive. Expect to pay $15-20 per meal with tax and tip included. The food is good quality though. The meat was tender and juicy and veggies were fresh but I left the place feeling hungry and unsatisfied :( I might come back and try their smoothies but I think I like greens and P better.
5	This was my first visit and I must say I was impressed. It is a bit on the expensive side but was delicious!
4	Huge menu.  All proteins Super lean.   Great choices for my vegan weekends.  Staff is well trained and understands how to compound menu with workouts.    I have the Bison and Elk bowl there now.   Better than Greens and Proteins up the street.
5	My husband and I ate here over the weekend and I we were both blown away by the quality and taste of the food.  I had the Big Boy Bowl and it was delicious, my only comment would be that the amount of sweet potatoes seemed a little much but it was delicious none the less and the BBQ sauce was very complimentary.
2	Not the best first experience. I was excited about the menu but disappointed with the execution. I ordered a steak salad and a juice. The salad was a handful of greens and four small chunks of beef that was nearly impossible to chew or cut (with the butter knife provied) also asked for olive oil instead of balsamic and i got an oil but not olive,  the antiox juice was heavy beet greens flavor and one quarter foam...all for $20+ . Not great food...not great service.
1	Today was my very first visit to protein source. Horrible experience to say the least. I will not be returning based on the fact that you can get a less expensive identical meal next door at greens and proteins with a smile and the assurance that you will not have to wait 15+ minutes for a Togo order to find out they gave your food away to someone else. Staff was very unfriendly and horrible customer service. They didn't not offer to return my money when I told them I was in a hurry and had already waited quite a bit of time for a simple chicken rice and broccoli I plate. They reluctantly gave me the salmon dish that belonged to the other customer upon persistent request even though I had ordered chicken. They are also way over priced.
