4	The last time I snacked on their traditional peanuts in a galvanized bucket was when I lived east of the Mississippi, in the volunteer state.  The year was 1995.  I was the fat guy with the receding hairline who always found the table to be positioned a little too close to the booth seat.  No matter.  I'd gladly wedge myself in on a Friday or Saturday evening, in anticipation of my weekly hand-cut steak & potato jubilee.When I finally came to the realization that gorging myself on succulent bar-be-que wasn't providing me with a lasting happiness, I tried the salads.I started out with the Fried Chicken Salad, but quickly graduated to the Roadhouse Steak Salad.  If you're pretending to watch your weight, like I am... might I suggest this manly concoction of mixed greens, egg and tender juicy beef.OK, so maybe you're not "down" with the garden harvest.  If you really want to try something mind-blowing, I dare you to open your mouth wide, and tell your server that Swoopy sent you, and you want the Santa Fe Tilapia, 'tout-suite'  {culture alert: 'tout suite' is a French term meaning 'at once'}.Q. What is tilapia, you ask?A. Short answer: a non-tetrapod chordate... aquatic vertebrate... a fish.I know, I know.  I usually don't order fish in a steakhouse, but you need to free your mind.  Throw away your preconceived notions.  This isn't "Preconceived Notion Roadhouse"... its "Logan's Roadhouse"!!!  And this dish is unique and very tasty.~Swoop
4	Where to go on a Saturday night, when you are craving some good steak, but Outback is played out, wallet's too thin for Morton's or Ruth's Chris, and the line at Texas Roadhouse is out the door?Logan's Steakhouse at the Chandler Fashion Center. I'd never been here before, though it's just a few minutes from my house, but I'm glad we gave it a shot, after driving all the way to Texas Roadhouse (TR) in Gilbert only to learn we'd have to wait at least 50 minutes to be seated. Very similar to TR (or exactly like it), the place is covered in peanut shells, and there are buckets of peanuts at every table. However, unlike TR, the place was slow, and we were seated immediately. First the service... The wait staff was very friendly and attentive, our glasses were always full, and our server came by to check on us regularly. I don't think I can say the same about the kitchen staff. Not sure where the communication or the process might have broken down, but it took ridiculously long for us to get our meals, though our salads came out immediately. As for the food... The salads were alright. nothing to write home about. We just got the side salad (house salad comprised of iceberg and romaine, tomatoes, cheddar cheese, shredded carrots, and some onions). Italian dressing for me, Balsamic Vinaigrette for the boyfriend.When we finally got our food, it was darn good though! I ordered the 6 oz. filet mignon, medium well, with a grilled vegetable skewer. The  boyfriend ordered the sirloin with the veggie and shrimp skewers, and a baked sweet potato. We both really enjoyed the meals. The steaks were perfection. The vegetables could have used a tad LESS seasoning/salt, but still tasty.We wrestled with the impulse to order their little Nutter Butter dessert -a mini version of their peanut bucket, full of chocolate mousse, fudge and nutter butter filling topped with whipped cream. It's only $1.99 and TINY. But we didn't order it... ya know, we're watching our figures.The manager and our server seemed to have noticed that our order took abnormally long to come out of the kitchen, and we were comped 50% off our entire bill. We still tipped our server on the full price of the meal, as it was certainly no fault of hers, and her service was great!The food was great, the service was great, and I honestly think the issue with the delay in getting our food was an isolated incident, not the norm. We'll definitely eat there again.
5	My kids love this place.  My husband enjoyed his food as well.  As the only vegetarian in my family I was surpised by how many options I had on the menu.  The prices are unbeatable and the little dessert cups are the perfect size.  I thought the cheesecake one was the best.
3	What vegetarian goes to a place like Logan's Roadhouse? The kind that will sacrifice herself for the sake of her people because she drove all the way from San Diego to AZ at midnight and had no kind of sleep, but still managed to get there and say, "Hey, I'm taking all you fools out to dinner, my treat, where do you want to go???"And, they picked this place. Oh woe is me. If you've been to Texas Roadhouse, then you've been to Logan's Roadhouse. I'm pretty sure it's the same damn place. Peanut shells on the floor, MEAT and potatoes galore, and loud people everywhere--Which is fine, because my people are very loud. The overloaded mashed potatoes was a hit, I was pissed that they were out of onion petals, and our waitress seemed really confused. But, she was nice, so I can't really talk too much crap. As long as everyone in my party had a good time, I'm happy.
2	Steaks weren't cooked right. I ordered a medium but got a medium-well. Son ordered medium-well, his was well-done. Steaks tasted only average. Made me question why I was eating out when I can cook a better steak on my barbeque at home.The bread and butter served before the meal is totally delicious. Best part of the meal, easily.The portions were small. Not a great value. Won't be back.
