4	Best place to come and watch college football while eating some spicy buffalo wings or any of the other buffalo wing sauce combos . They have a great variety of wings which are all really good and they have some good beer on top plus they show pretty much every college or professional sporting game taking place around the nation on their dozens of plasma TVs. They even have plasmas  over the urinals in the bathroom so u won't miss out on any of the action.
4	I've been here several times in the last year or so, and I feel like I must have been drunk each time because I swear I hardly remember anything.  Then again, maybe I do remember it correctly all things considered....We go here to watch football with friends.  I can tell you more about the games than I can the food, though I remember really liking the wings and the fries.  And my friend likes one of their burgers - she couldn't remember the name when I asked her.  What I do remember is they have a great selection of TVs.  Folks were watching 2-3 different games and everyone thought they had a good seat for it.  That can be pretty rare in a sports bar.  And it was LOUD!  By noon or so we were having to speak pretty loudly just to hear each other.  It was still an awesome place to watch the game.  Food was good (Even if not overly memorable) and the atmosphere felt a bit nicer than a normal sports bar even though most folks were wearing sports themed clothing and yelling at the TV.  That alone is pretty impressive.
4	Once again, this is a chain, so you know what you're getting when you walk in the door.This particular location isn't my favorite, and I cant really quantify why.  Maybe its because the place is usually packed when I decide to show up.  Maybe I was just bloated and irritated each of the two times that I creased their cushions.Anyway, I like wings, and I LOVE the BWW (not BBW) Asian Zing.  Its sweet, its spicy... kind of like Charo on the Surreal Life.  You gotta admit, she's pretty hot for being what... 89 years old.Hey you wacky vegetarians... check out their garden burger.  This omnivore says: "Pretty darn good".-Swoop
4	I have eaten at BW3 in a few states and I like the bar atmosphere and the great wings.  My favorite sauce is the Asian Zing.  It can be packed so unless you want to be crushed by sports fans, don't go on a big game day.  Oh and there is one disgusting thing on the menu, I think its called Southwest poppers, totally barfable, not even the staff will eat them.
1	First of all it smelled like sewage, we couldn't enjoy our food!!And for it being a "wing" place their wings aren't that good. My favorite for wings is Uncle Bears....way better!!Drinks (alcoholic) weren't that great either, I had to switch to a beer.The service was ok.
3	BW3 used to stand for Buffalo Wild Wings and Weck.  What happened to Weck?  Was he fired?  Can they legitimately still call themselves BW3 if they are really BW2?  Is that misleading?  Are they Buffalo Wings and Water now?  That won't work because only Beer washes down chicken wings properly.  Then they would be BW2&B.  That's just awkward.Anyway, I had the jerk chicken sandwich.  They actually pulled it off better than I expected.  The spice rub had plenty of pleasant hottness and it was seared and slightly blackened.  The wings were pretty tasty (I grabbed one of my wife's) but not as good as the ones I make at home.Service was good and the atmosphere was an interesting and almost fun mix of sports bar and family restaurant.  We happened to hit on Guitar Hero night so the kids liked that.  Who doesn't want to hear Orange Crush 7 times in a row?  Who doesn't want to hear Orange Crush 7 times in a row?  Who doesn't want to hear Orange Crush 7 times in a row?  Who doesn't want to hear Orange Crush 7 times in a row?  Who doesn't want to hear Orange Crush 7 times in a row?  Who doesn't want to hear Orange Crush 7 times in a row?  Who doesn't want to hear Orange Crush 7 times in a row?  Who doesn't want to hear Orange Crush 7 times in a row?
4	We were craving wings, it was a Saturday so we checked it out and it was very good. Good wings, cold beer at a very good price, lots of big tv screens the Olympics were on so kids loved it ,the music was loud so it made our Saturday night a good one.
5	This is the place is were i first went for BWW and i was sold after the first time we would go once a week to this place until i moved back to CA now there is one out here and i still go all the time
3	I've gone to this location a couple of times, mostly because the boyfriend suggests it often and its close to home. But, I can't say I've ever had a bad experience. I've tried a few different things on the menu (considering I'm not a huge fan of wings... weird huh?). I think my favorite was the chicken breast sandwich with a honey BBQ sauce. I got a side salad... it was a little weird, but they didn't have an italian dressing- not sure if they were out or if they didn't carry one. Either way, the ranch dressing worked well. We also tried the popcorn shrimp as an appetizer.. those were very good as well.
3	I have been to many of the BWW locations around the state and all seem to have very similar service and food.  Its too bad their service is not good, because this place can have some great specials and good wings.  BWW also has a decent selection of beer, although there have been a couple of times where the waitress doesn't know anything about beer.  Here is an example:Me: Do you have Kiltlifter on tap?Waitress: No. (I order something else and she takes everyones else's order) Waitress:  Well wait a minute, do you mean Four Peaks?  Because we have Four Peaks?Me:  Four Peaks Kiltlifter?Waitress: Yes.....In summary I would have given this place 4 stars for the food, but the sometimes long waits and the unknowledgeable staff make it 3 stars.
2	I recently bought a great coupon book, that has discounts for everything imaginable in my area. I figured, since we're new to this part of the Valley, I'd buy it (not to mention the $$ goes towards a great cause).Went to BWW's, after driving past it a couple of times....should've done exactly that, keep on driving. We decided to use our buy 1 sampler, get one free... Sat at the bar, with some old horny drunk next to me, trying to hit on all the girls. We ordered the BBQ sandwich sliders and a sampler platter (onion rings, boneless wings, nachos, mozzarella sticks w/3 dipping sauces). Hubby ordered some beer and I drank a "berry" lemonade. Got our drinks which BTW, were not that good...beer wasn't as "hoppy" as my husband would've liked it to be, he asked the bartender which was a better choice and she was useless. My lemonade tasted like crap...my next order was water.Food got to us, but we had no utensils or napkins, had to ask for those. Onion rings were really good, mozz sticks were ok as well... wings...isn't this what this place is known for... they were mediocre. Tried the sliders...I've had better pulled pork (like the one I make or Famous Dave's). Once we were done eating, I had to ask for my bill abt 3x's. Thankfully we had that coupon, because if it was up to me, I wouldn't have paid squat! I was contemplating giving the rest of the coupons that I had for this place, to the guys next to me...we won't be needing them.
3	back when buffalo, roamed this landbefore cowboys & Indiansthe west back then, was truly wildopen range, mile after milethat's when, I guess, buffalo had wingslong before the hooters' thingand i thought them, long extinctat least that's what most folks would thinkbut on the outskirts, all aroundthe mesa, gilbert, chandler townsbuffalo with wild wingsthose feathered, furry, horny thingsstarted landing in strip centersalong with all the other renterscookie cutter, propagatei don't dig, this kind of placesuppose, for some, they're a-okjust glad they build them far awayfrom my house, they're not my thingbacon burgers, wings and ringsfried mozzarella....everything next generation, burger kingsrun of the mill, you know the gamejilly's, chilis, all the samesysco truck stops, drops food off thaw 'em out and heat em upserved in baskets, side of friesand that, i guess, the reason whyi'm glad that you are out that waywith all the other 'burban chainsand all this time, thought you extinctbrought back i guess, from the brinkoutskirts of phoenix,  it's all goodjust please don't put one, in my 'hood
3	I ate here last weekend. The bacon burger I had was pretty dry. The wings were a little soggy somehow. It's a good thing I was pounding 23oz Stella's or this may get a 1 or a 2. Service was okay. Not much else to add unfortunately.
3	There were so many TVs, I couldn't decide what to watch, I settled on the one in front of me. There were so many beers on tap, I couldn't decide what to drink, so I just decided to hydrate with some water. There were so many delicious wing sauce flavors, I had to narrow it down to two. I went with the Spicy BBQ and the Mango Habanero. I like spicy, but not too spicy - these were perfect. The word "habanero" scared me a little, but the server can bring out a sample of all of the sauces so that you know what you are getting in to. I also tried my cousin's Spicy Garlic, and they were really good too! The House Salad was ok, nothing exciting, but it was a pretty good size. The dressing came in little packets, which I thought was a little strange. Either way, I'll go back for more wings!
4	I don't know if it's the fact that we went here twice in one week (once Tuesday and once Thursday) but after like 10 wings or so they all taste the same. Meh...I still love that burning sensation around the mouth when I finish all 12 of the BLAZIN wings and then get to chug them down with BEER!!! this place gets a 4 for atmosphere, nice staff, good deals on certain nights, and fun entertainment type stuff.
4	We eat here about once every other week. Try and go on Tuesdays cause it's a good deal (wing nite- 40c wings). I like the traditional honey BBQ. Not as big a fan of the boneless wings. Good beer. Can go with the guys to watch a game or take the kids as they have video games, trivia, etc. Have tried the burgers and other stuff and they are just okay. I stick with wings now. For what it's worth we also go to the Chandler mall one. They have a drier/crispy wing where as the Gilbert ones seem to be more wet/ more sauce. So visit the one you prefer.
4	I was pleasantly surprised when I tried Buffalo Wild Wings for the first time yesterday. The boneless hot wings were mighty tasty. They also offer a remarkable selection of wing sauces from garlic to habenero. The atmosphere is full on  "sports bar" - I can imagine it gets really packed in here on game days.
4	I'm not hugely into sports, but I go there with friends to hang out and have a good time. We all like wings and BBQ so this place is popular and we take over the couches and coffee table whenever we can and watch off the TVs and chill out after a long day and watch what's on.The food there is good, pretty average but not necessarily disappointing! I really like the honey BBQ wings and ribs combo - the ribs are separated and come with lots of fall-off-the-bone meat. The ranch and celery served is fresh and compliments the food we get. My boyfriend has ordered the Bacon burger there and he was really happy with it when he got it and ate it pretty fast! Good drinks (nonalcoholic) and the tea isn't bad!I like the servers there - never met one who was inattentive or unfriendly. We can usually strike up conversation with them, and if we ask if they can change a channel for us, they have always complied willingly. We tend to visit during the off-hours so there's not much of a crowd there. Whether its family or friends, this place caters to what we wanna do - eat well and have fun!On a final note, the bathrooms always look clean and have TVs with the game playing, so you never miss a beat or play!
1	Dont waist your time!  We got here at 6:30 on sat night for a friends birthday. When we sat down we ordered a beer each and everyone wanted to do a shot so we all did one. We at that point we ordered chips and queso dip. 45 min later we ask about the queso and the waitress said she will check on it. She comes back out the kitchen and says they are making it now. WTF this is chips from a bag and some cheese dip the put in a microwave. Unreal. 10 min later our chips and queso show up. Everytime we ordered a beer it took 15-20 min to get. No joke. Its because they have one person bartending on a saturday night. Not sure why, but the place was only about a third full but she was backed up and the manager was not helping. At about 8:30 a few more people show up and we got another shot and now my third beer in two hours. When the waitress brings the drinks she tells us the manager says we cant order anymore drinks for 30 45 min. I said why not. She says the manager says we cant serve you anymore shots cause there is a limit to how much we can serve you in a certain amount of time. I said you have got to be kiddding me. On my third beer and two little girl foo foo shots and we are cut off, one hour for queso dip , you are f$#kin kidding me. I said check please we are out of here. We were not being loud or causing in attention to us for any reason. It was the most melow I have seen a grpup of 10 be at a bar. A few people went outside to smoke every once in a while and each end of the table had there own conversation going on.The worst service, I have never seen this before. I have been drinkin at the bars for a while and I have to say 3 12oz bottel beers and 2 shots in 2 and a half hours on a sat night is a slow start at the bar. This place is horrible. If I could give them 0 stars or negative stars I would! Im sorry I guess Im the only one going to the bar on a sat night to get a littel drunk.
3	I was torn between "meh" and "A-ok" on this one but went with the 3 stars because the service was good.  Food was more on the "meh" side.  Ordered boneless wings, which I wasn't aware it also meant chicken-less wings - more breading than chicken in my opinion.  Although I have to say I love all the flavors they have to choose from for the sauce - they bring out all the sauces with little spoons so you can try the different flavors. For dinner got the Parmesan Garlic Chicken flatbread - very much on the "meh" side.  It was kinda dry and bland.  Not something I would order again.  We might be back as they have a ton of tvs and seems like it would be a cool place to watch a game, but I will try the bone-in wings next time and something other than flatbread.
4	I am between 3.5 to 4 stars but the service was great so I bumped the review up.I like the shrimp and the boneless wings, great selection of sauces. I ate lunch there with some friends and they said their salad and sandwich were average, but nothing to write home about (they did eat all their food) If your there to watch sports, you will love it. If your there to talk shop or do a little business it was a little noisy and there are TV's everywhere distracting you.Bottom line, Good sports bar and fun place, not the best place to do business.I will be back for shrimp and boneless wings and to enjoy a cold one with the game
2	For opening night of the NFL season, I followed a meetup group to Buffalo Wild Wings.  The overall experience was mediocre at best. Parking was a challenge - at first I was excited to see available spots in front of the restaurant. Despite the yellow caution tape that appeared either a tree was falling or a crime had recently taken place, the car in front of me drove through and parked. I followed the lead, only to soon discover that those spots were roped off and we had to find another parking spot. Being a busy game night, all of the remaining spots were filled in the back, the sides and even around the defunct restaurant next door. Eventually I found a spot and made my way to the front door, where I discovered much like the parking lot, nothing was available. I made my way to the bar and wedged by way betwixt two apparent regulars. The atmosphere was naturally very loud. A restaurant with several televisions, a packed house and music during the commercials made it difficult to communicate. Looking over the large selection of beers on tap, I was excited to see some of my favorites. One of the bartenders gave a rundown of the specials and mentioned that although other things were on sale, they just tapped the Oktoberfest keg. Sounds great! How much is that? $5.50, she said. Being that it was 5:30, I was expected some happy hour prices on something. Combined with the NFL opening night, I thought surely there is a deal to be had here. How about Kilt Lifter? When she said $6, I was surprised. Some of my favorite establishments offer that brew for $2.25 during happy hour and only $4.50 at off-times. Thanks, I'll go with a Miller LIte. Perhaps there was a special because my receipt showed the first Miller Lite was $3.50, and the next two were $4.00 each. Wouldn't it be nice if bars offered drinks in economies of scale? The more you drink, the cheaper it is? But I digress...I ordered the buffalo wings, because really, how can you go to a place called Buffalo Wild Wings and not have the Wild Wings, from Buffalo? An order of 12 wings was $8.99. Seems a little high for a 5:30 time slot. I went with the hot - and they were hot (spicy and temperature) at first, but as the temperature cooled down, I didn't notice the spice portion being that hot. Unfortunately most of the wings were about the size of a McNugget. I barely found 1-2 that I would have considered normal size. If it were a fish, I'd throw it back. Meeting a friend, I placed an order for the ribs & shrimp combo, which set us back $12.50 and while the portion was descent, it was less impressive than the McNugget wings. The fries were good, the popcorn shrimp small but tasty, and it even had some cole slaw - surprisingly the best part of the plate. The ribs were small and didn't have a lot of meat on them - which wasn't really a bad thing because what meat was there really had no flavor whatsoever. It wasn't even that hot either. Maybe warm, but closer to room temperature. Certainly not something I would repeaidly order t for $12.50. All in all, the challenge to find parking and a side, the loud atmosphere which reminded me why I don't like many guys, and a tab of mediocre food & drink totaling more than $35.00 for a two-three hour extravaganza, left me thinking next time I will skip it and find somewhere that provided better food and prices.
4	The service was great and the wings are always excellent. :)Cold beer, hot wings, great appetizers... perfect place to go and watch some football.
5	BW'S is a family favorite. That's not just a slogan. My kids are Gluten free and there are not a whole lot of places I can take them for dinner. They can eat the chicken wings no sauce and we are all addicted to their fries. I know Gail the owner. She used to have a play kitchen in her restaurant for the kids but unfortunately corporate made her remove it.She tries to create an atmosphere where parents can bring their kids and they don't have to stress out about making them behave like 70 year old ladies. It makes it a little more relaxing for us. And besides the food I love being able to watch sports while I'm with my family.Good Stuff, Thanks Gail
4	First off... LOVE the fried mushrooms and fried pickles... honestly can't really find those anywhere else around - not that i've seen.Wings are always good though I do have a issue with the amount of hard breading that's on the boneless chicken wings... always seems excessive. Salsa seems to change temperature, the girl says sometimes it's too hot for her, but mostly is the same. Different cooks perhaps? Celery costs extra = lame... it's frickin celery... Anyways, at least they don't charge for refills lol... (yet).Location is great for college/pro sports as it's packed and always some good cheering going on... fun to be there during games.  Place gets packed during UFC fights too fyi.  Cool basketball arcade game too!  Lots of TV's too
4	This is a review that's long overdue. I should be ashamed. But I must confess I have a real thing for wings. I like them extra crispy. So I go to BW3 fairly regularly. They cook mine eight extra minutes. They are delicious. Now the way I rationalize my slavish behavior toward this addiction is that I take work with me and I spend time out of my office (and away from distractions) and critique my writing students.What makes this place so terrific is the staff. I mean, I could go to a different BW3, or even another wing place, but then I wouldn't be treated like a queen. The server who usually takes care of me is MJ and she's terrific. She sets me up so I can get my work done in relative quiet (I know, there's music and sports but I can tune it out) and she keeps me in diet coke and delicious wings. I get a lot done. Marc, the manager, is always really kind and makes sure I'm happy. Even Gail, the owner, has taken time on more than one occasion to sit down and check in, talk about my work.This place has it all - the great wings, the great staff. I love my occasional office away from home.
4	TV's galore.  Wing flavors a-plenty.  And a fairly decent variety of brews on tap.  Our server was very friendly, happy to help out us newbies.  She brought out a bunch of different wing sauces for us to try before we ordered.  We opted for the Wild sauce and spicy garlic - both tasty!  Will definitely be back to grab some more wings and check out a big game.
4	BBW is a great place to take the family and have a beer and some wings,watch some sports and watch people.Yes its mostly bar food but its good bar food.The main reason I go is the owner Gail gives back to local community and schools and is not greedy about sharing and helping others. I have never met her,wouldnt know her if I saw her but I have seen the things she has done for the local teams,schools and even churchs in this day of political correctness.Thumbs up, thanks!
3	For the price of the wings I was expecting more chicken on the wings.  I've had better wings elsewhere.
5	Remember on the sitcom Cheers how "...everybody knows your name, and they're always glad you came..." - well, that's how I feel when I go to this particular Buffalo Wild Wings. I'm always treated like a visiting friend who everyone is happy to see. And though I have a special order (wings cooked 8 extra minutes) it's right every time.I take editing/critique work up there and spend an hour or so at it (gets me out of the office once in a while). MJ always keeps my glass full and the wings crispy. I get a lot done and am treated to terrific conversation. I can't say enough about this place or the people there.If you love wings, this Buffalo Wild Wings is a must. And have them add 8 extra minutes. It's worth the wait.
5	I think I may be addicted to this place. This location is a  bit out of my way, but after a terrible experience at the Superstition Springs Buffalo Wild Wings this became my go-to place. All of the servers are incredibly nice and efficient, and my order always comes exactly as I ordered. I've been here twice during the 2011 Stanley Cup finals and was happy that they had the sound on loud enough in the bar, but not too loud that you had to shout to the other people at the table. The food is consistently perfect, the atmosphere is great, and all of the employees I have encountered are friendly. The drink specials aren't too bad either. You can't go wrong!
3	Consistently mediocre food. One day you might get wings drowning in sauce, and the next day get scarcely any. Other than that, you pretty much know what to expect here. The food is just OK, the prices are just OK, service mostly just OK - unless you get Jared and then service is 5 star. My biggest gripes - it's always WAY too loud in the bar (loud music makes people have to shout across the table) and they charge 50c for blue cheese when they have a wing special. Really???
5	Best location in town! :)
3	I hang out here quite often because they have NTN trivia and often mutiple people playing. They're food is certainly not the best. The wing sauce is top notch but the wings are all small and half broken. The wraps are good. All appetizers are just deep fried from frozen package usual crap. The wait staff is always really nice. I hate the fact that they try to make this a Ohio State Buckeyes bar and the staff wears Buckeyes shirts on Fridays. The walls are painted and plastered with a bunch of Ohio State crap which is pretty lame. Bottom line is it's close to my house, they have trivia and great beer selection but the food is crap and Ohio State sucks!
3	Ohio state bar in Arizona. Nice. So if I ever move out here I know there are enough Clevelanders to hang with.  The service was great and the captain morgan special wing sauce was sweet with enough hotness to bring some heat but not burn me down.  It replicates memories of hanging out watching the 2007 Indians eating wings and drinking beer.  The place is great for families, couples, or buddies hanging out trying to relive the good ole days.  Boneless wings were good.  I still prefer traditional bone in wings.
3	In the past year, sadly, my husband and I have witnessed the closing of a few different BWW locations. Our favorite was just across the street from Fiesta mall and conveniently on my route home. I used to come to this location years ago when it first opened. My hub and I are big BWW fans, so I took him to this one and he liked it. It's only a few minutes from our house. We're big chicken enthusiasts, so we hit it up once a month. When my in-laws come into town, we go with them. My 2yr old LOVES their mini corn-dogs and french fries. She likes to watch all the tvs too. Let's talk service: Back when they first opened, service was spectacular. Barely any waiting, quick on the refills, and very friendly. Years later, the friendliness is still there, but that's about it. Sometimes we wait up to half an hour waiting for our wings. That's just too long for wings. Seriously! Also, wouldn't you think in a place that serves spicy wings, the refills would be continuous. Not so much. There have been a few times where I've stopped eating because I refuse to continue without my beverage to cool off with in between wings. So-so service, loud restaurant, but REALLY good wings. We'll be back soon, always hoping for better service. :)
4	This is a regular spot for my hubby and I to take the kids, hang out and enjoy some good wings. They are always so willing to let us taste and re taste the sauces and will even exchange wings if we really don't like the flavor we picked. We go enough now that we pick the same thing all the time but for newcomers don't be intimidated by so many choices.The fried pickles are SO good and they have some great happy hour specials as well. The service has always been good for us and friendly. There are a ton of good choices for beer on tap and bottled and overall it is a great spot. If you are looking for quiet though, pick someplace else. It is a very loud place and that makes it a great place to bring the kids;-)
3	The TV's are nice, the beer is cold, and the food is OK. I originally wrote a "if you have been to one, you've been to them all" review because they really are all very similar - that's what franchises do... but the management reached out and wanted to make things right! So I have updated the review and now I'll eat my words, and who knows? Maybe their wings???
2	Every time we come to the Gilbert location, we leave disappointed. The Jack Daniels is always watered down (even when ordered neat). There are zero substitutions allowed on sampler platters (an outdated practice, not typical in most bars and restaurants in this area), sometimes a cover charge on PPV nights. The manager even did a shot special wheel spin, and then moved it from the Crown Royal (which it landed on) to a schapps shot (cheaper liquor). Sometimes (not always) the wings are barely covered in sauce and we have to ask for some on the side. We are regulars, and tried to discuss things with the manager on site, but he is usually less than receptive, and more than ready to blame "corporate".
4	This place, and the one on Elliot near Cooper Rd got me thinking BWW has my favorite wings. I know I like to spread the love on local businesses and this isn't really one, but it's locally owned. I see the owner all the time in the restaurants, or at Gilbert parade and events so I feel like I'm still supporting a local business. I also did the Blazin' Challenge here Jan 2012. I finished it in 5:57. With 3 seconds left to go! So look for my picture gracing the wall for the rest of 2012. The real challenge with that is being able to eat 12 wings in 6 minutes. That is tough enough by itself. I do have to say Teakwoods has hotter wings than here but this is enough to put me in sooo much pain. When I'm not trying to kill myself with blazin wings, I love watching games/fights here. There is a bazillion TV's everywhere. They usually have great drink specials when I'm there and of course I'm tearing up some wings since they are amazing! Even compared to other BBW in the valley, I feel like the owner makes her staff go above and beyond and I get a better experience here than any other BBW outside of Gilbert. Protip: If you live in the area, sign up for their text updates and I get messages from them letting me know when they have "extra special" specials.
4	I completed the "Blazin' Challenge" and whooo buddy was I burnin'. It was fun though. The only con: they make you pay for the challenge, like $20 for the wings, they didn't have our shirts, and your name only stays on the board for a short while. Everything else was good though - wings are great & they have lots of flavors to choose from.
5	Great neighborhood bar/restaurant with cold beer, good food, and a great staff!!
5	Classic b-dubs experience. Buffalo wild wings can be very inconsistent based on where you are but this is a great one. There are great wings and fast service there is nothing more you could ask for.
3	Fun place for wings and drinks.  Lots of great sauces.  This place will do a sauce tasting for you, which is pretty awesome.My favorite sauces/dry rubs:Desert Heat (also good on fries/buffalo chips)Mango HabeneroHoney BBQHot
3	Came here yesterday for the first time in probably over a year. One thing I can't stand about BWW is that they use paper tray's for their wings and fries, which is unsustainable, but I won't start on that tangent :)I'm not a huge wing person, so I decided on the buffalo chicken sandwich. It came out quickly enough, and besides their not being sauce on the whole sandwich (just a little drizzle down the middle), it was pretty good. Our server was attentive and nice, and as we were in a crunch for time, we were in and out in no time.
5	Love this place! Always fun!
1	Normally I have to give BWW a good review, but today was another story.  I met a group of friends to watch the Cardinals play and to have lunch and libations.  I meet here regularly with a group of 6-10 friends and we usually experience good service.  Today, as usual, we had good service, but ther was a twist.  I THOUGT we were leaving and my ride wanted to run an errand, so I stayed behind with a couple of friends while the errand was completed.  Over the period of 1 1/2 hours, I ordered 3 beers.  When I requested my (2nd) check, I was charged for 5.  I informed the server of the discrepancy and was told that "the video would be reviewed and my ordeer would be revised, if necessary".  I was later advised that management didn't have time to review the video and that 2 beers had been "comped" and that from now on, I would have to "pay as I go".  Well, that's all fine and good...except that I only ordered 3 beers and I wasn't "comped" anything.  I asked to speak to the manager.  He showed up, was polite and cordial, but insisted that because I was the only one ordering Michelob Ultra (in the entire establishment), that I had ordered 5 and was being comped...further, he stated that "we can't be comping beers for everyone, so you'll have to pay as you go from now on".  I've been a BWW customer since 2009...this is the FIRST time this sort of thing has come up, so I'm hardly a scammer.  I would think they would take my record into account when making such judgements into account, but evidently not.Our group participates in happy hours and sporting events on a regular basis and we enjoy an atmosphere where good service and value are are a must.  Moving forward, I will not be patronizing BWW for these activities.
5	I had mango habanero wings. Omg hottest wings I've ever had in my life. I loved it! I wish they served Fat Tire Ale in Florida like they did at this Arizona location.
2	I have been twice now.  Both times I went in looking for good wings.  Both times I walked out disappointed. I had the boneless both times.  The chicken is lost in the heavy breading.  Very dry. I do like their options for various flavors.  The Mango Habanero is excellent.  Also like that they offer a dry season. But if I am looking for good wings or boneless in this case, there are some other places I will look first. Great for football viewing.  Also they offer UFC fights.  Also nice selections of beer.
4	This place is pretty good but is usually packed. Haven't had a problem with service which is great and on deal days the food is relatively inexpensive
3	The wings are average here.  Even for BWW standards.  Breading is a little heavy and sauce is somewhat inconsistent.  We got salads to go once and the nice thing is they separate the sauces so it's not completely soaked/soggy when you get home to eat it.
1	Visited this location last week. The food at BWW is always adequate and enjoyable, and the service is generally typical of a bar, however, this evening the service was the worst I've ever encountered at a restaurant. It was so bad I had time to write an email on the corporate website while waiting on the server. As I said, since the service is generally mediocre at best, this particular evening sent me over the edge and I will never return. A few days later I went to a different location on Elliot/McQueen and it was a complete 180 on service (the food was good as usual), I have since returned once, and will leave them a positive review....Paige was a delight as our waitress.
1	There's another Buffalo Wild Wings on Ray and McQueen that is nicer than this one.  When you walk into this location, it has the same feel as an old Denny's.  My party and I stood by the "wait to be seated" sign for a few minutes.  Servers walked by and no one acknowledged us.  It was a Sunday night, busy but there were still plenty of empty tables.  One of the people I went there with said they had to use the restroom and asked if we'd order them a beer when we finally got a table.  When he came out of the restroom we were still standing there, unacknowledged.  With plenty of other options to dine nearby, we left.
2	I prefer Wingstop. BWW didn't win me as a customer. Good sport restaurant to watch games though.
4	They would not accept my yelp offer... Because they are a franchise.. I love Naima she's funny and has great humor. since my friends and I are servers it's nice to have someone who remembers us and treats us like we're friends :)
3	good wings, but they are a little proud of them. over all good wing joint!
2	I LOVE WINGS. I love love love wings. But I didn't love Buffalo Wild Wings. I've read the previous reviews about service experienced at BWW and want to clarify that I didn't dine in, I simply called in my to go order. I don't know how something as simple as calling in a to-go order could be so screwed up. I literally called - just ordering two small orders of wings, they said "Great, it'll be ready in 10 minutes!" Well great! I show up 10 minutes later and it's not busy, it was like a Tuesday afternoon. There were waitresses chilling out and talking - it was relaxed. So why did I have to wait an extra 20 minutes for my wings? It had been 30 minutes from my original phone call by the time I got them. Following that - the wings sucked! So, so, so greasy - yuck!However I must list the positives: (which is why I gave my review an additional star)I was greeted with a smile when I came in. A nice looking manager asked me if I was okay after watching me wait for 15 minutes in the lobby.The cashier apologized for the wait.So I was treated nicely, but I'm not going to ignore the fact I waited 30 minutes for 2 small wings that were disgusting.
3	I just expect so much more in wings especially when the place is named after it. Can't really say anything about the food. Never impressed. The beer is cold and great for watching Football.
2	I love wings as much as anyone but this place loses me with their over preparation of its wings. EVery sauce seemed to be loaded with thick syrupy candy. Tasting any chicken is an afterthought with these wings, its all about the sauces. Which to me, are way too sugary.Tried 5 different flavors, the JAlapeno one was by far the most tolerable.The atmosphere is sports bar and the acoustics of the building could not be worse. A guy screams because of a touchdown on the other side of the bar and it will send shocks up your spine as you sit on the most uncomfortable sold wood booth seat ever.Pass.
3	We went in to watch the World Series and have some wings.The wings are good, but the time it took for the food was excessive.  In addition, the wings are small and slightly overpriced.I will return, mainly for the atmosphere and beer selection, and not the overall menu.
1	Their service is terrible. If you have the pleasure of having Kelli as your server then good luck. She made us feel like we were a burden to her so we left. There are way too many places to have a beer and watch the game with great service to have to deal with that.
2	Went to BWW this weekend since we had a gift card. While the service was great the food was not. Flatbread was awful and the wings were just ok.
3	Stick with wings and you'll be fine. Everything else is on par with Red Robin at it's worst. Wings are great, I've tried just about every flavor. If you're in a hurry, these are the slowest wings you'll ever order. EVER. 20-30 minutes. I only order take out on Wing Tuesday. Order ahead...wait 30 minutes and you'll still wait. It's worth it. Better than making your own wings.
5	This is seriously my favorite place to go to when I want wings. The service is always so awesome and the food is consistently good. My absolutely favorite thing about this place is that they're not stingy like other establishments. They have awesome wing specials that they include in to-go orders. Most places require you to eat the food in the restaurant if you want the specials. Their wings are incredible and their french fries are perfect. Sadly, they are remodeling right now and re-open March 1, 2014 so I'm having withdrawals. :-DI love coming here with friends and am never disappointed. BWW FTW!
3	The new remodel has been needed for a while. Now the place is much more clean and spacious. Service, in the past, has been mediocre however it was quite good tonight. As always food is decent but nothing amazing. Prices are a tad high for the quality. Average bar food. Mostly mass-produced domestics and nothing impressive on tap. I settle for a killians :-/
2	I've had better wings and service elsewhere, but our friends wanted to meet here last night so we hoped our opinion would be changed. Unfortunately, it was worse than previous experiences. We had a large party and sat out on the patio. Our waitress basically informed us that it was "crazy" inside, so sorry if she neglects us. Some people at our table got their drinks and some of us waited and waited. Finally, the manager came out and apologized, and said that the fries and cheese curds were late but they were on the way! Funny enough, we already had the fries and cheese curds on the table but we were still waiting for all the rest of the food. Long story short, our food was never put in and we had to get it in to-go boxes because it had been so ridiculously long. We did get 1 drink taken off the bill but I didn't really feel like that did us justice for the totally unfortunate experience. I give it two stars because the chips and queso was pretty delicious.
4	Perfect for your wing fix. Sports, Wings, GOOD!
5	I'm a huge BWW fan but this is the only location where I receive great service every visit! The blazin wings and fries are my fav! The servers are always generous to me, wish the food wait wasn't so long but it's worth the wait (:
4	Have never had a bad experience at a B Dubs and this place was no different. Always freindly staff at all BWW's.
1	Service was excellent by Jessica & Emily in the bar! Very disappointed that they don't offer anything for our Veteran's, being that it is Memorial Day weekend.. Take care of our Veteran's and I'll give  but only one star for now!!!
3	If you are in the mood for a noisy sports bar with cold beers and great wings, then you've found it.  If this is what you love, then you will give this place five stars.BUT, if you make the mistake of ordering anything other than wings, you will be sorely disappointed, as I discovered on my recent trip to the Westgate location. I've never been let down in my other experiences at BWWs - probably because I went to cool college campus locations on wing special nights - but I was less than impressed this time.I ordered a chicken sandwich and a side salad.  After a lengthy wait, considering it wasn't that busy, a young food-runner (not our waitress), brought a burger to our table.  I pointed out that my chicken sandwich appeared to be a burger, to which she replied, "Oh, no, it's a chicken sandwich.  It just looks that way when it's grilled."  Our waitress caught the delivery error - and my experience was not negatively affected by it - but I just thought it was funny that this teenage girl was arguing with me.My grilled chicken sandwich was of the same quality as a fast-food restaurant.  It was kind of rubbery, and it was served on a dry white bun.  The side salad consisted of wilty iceberg lettuce with brown edges. At $10, I expected more.Of course, I blame myself for not ordering the wings at a place where this is the specialty, but I was still underwhelmed by the speed of the service, atmosphere, and price.
1	This place is nasty. A have friends who recently contracted food poison from their bone in wings. Someone in that kitchen isn't cooking food right. I'll never go back. Drive to a different location.
1	Went here for lunch. Ordered wing lunch. Took over 25 minutes to get. Waitress kept apologizing said they didn't have enough kitchen help. Well if you run a business get enough help. This is not a gourmet dinning. Wings were not good as well.
1	"Worst meal I ever ate" says my 4 yr old daughter. My wife and I agreed with her. The wings were so overcooked, they were nearly impossible to separate the chicken from the bone.  Strangely enough, my daughter is keeling over in pain and my wife just puked 3 times, despite eating the most overdone wings we've ever had. They total redid the interior and got rid of the fun arcade games my daughter and I used to play here. Instead, they run an insanely loud game that was so loud I couldn't even hear what my wife ordered. The only redeeming thing was that the waitress was nice.
4	Wings are awesome if you get them with sauce on the side and extra crispy (add 6 mins) and I love their buffalo chicken wrap with fries on the side. Order may take a while, but food is soo worth the wait.
1	In a word disappointing.  Overpriced and slow.  9 pm at nigt and not a lot of people here.  We won't be back.  We were charged for celery and ranch and the menu said there was no charge.
1	So disappointed. The BWW that we normally go to is now closed, should have been this one. Tonight was the worst experience ever. Sat for over 10 minutes before being greeted, order was wrong and then they charged us for extra sauce when the wings were 50% covered in sauce. Many servers on duty standing around and not helping our server who claimed she had over 12 tables. I'm not one to post but am so disappointed of tonight's service and food. Don't plan on going back to that location.
4	Had this very lovely dinner with my friends here at Buffalo Wild Wings. Our usual order was 12 Boneless wings with the Spicy Garlic sauce. We love spicy food so we always go for the spicy garlic sauce when we are here at Buffalo Wild Wings. The order usually takes time before serving. We're used to it so its fine with us.This place has great presence, its like I love eating here while Im here. The wings are really good, whenever I think of wings. I would totally think of this place.
1	They don't have enough TVs
1	Servers drinking behind cut outs by bar,e smokers in bar dining really still city ordinance outside only! Waiter have to flag down to get a refill or an order I know it's Friday night but rules still apply!
3	Went in Sat afternoon for the U of A football game, the World Series, and the Asu football game. Service was very good. Maneuvering of the TV's for all the events was the best they could do, as Ohio St football dominated the premiere screens.This is strictly an Ohio State Football business plan, as we thought we were in Columbus Ohio. Wives couldn't take the fans, their theme song after scoring points and the overall loudness, and they bolted. Guys stayed until halftime of Asu game then moved on. Too bad as it has been remodeled, the wings were good, the service was spot on, and there were the right games on the tube too. Just one dimensional and in that it was just for the Buckeyes all night long.
5	Ashley did a great job! It was her first day and we would have never guest! The food was great!
5	Liz, Jessica and Tara are the best bartenders.  They are very attentive and make sure you are happy.  I wish every restaurant had even close to the service they provide.  They set a very high bar that has yet to be passed.
2	20 wings for $21??  Are you kidding me?  Also, if you're not going to put prices on your menu, then your wait staff should know the price of the beers, especially the ones that you "feature".Editing:  gave an extra star because the wings are actually REALLY good and crispy but am sticking to my opinion that NO WING is worth $1.00+. As one other reviewer said, they're really stingy with the sauce.
5	Jessica is the best bartender.  Always a great time. Keep up the great work. Will tell everyone i know to come here on Tuesday night to see her.
5	I love this location. I find myself constantly coming back for the great service I always get from Jessica! She's the greatest.
2	My boyfriend and I visited this location last week to use up a gift card and catch the game. How disappointing...We were seated quickly, however the volume of the game was so incredibly loud that we could hardly understand what the waitress was saying. After she departed we wanted to chit chat about the menu and the game but could not without yelling. That gets tiresome. Looking around the restaurant we noticed no one else was talking either. It was extremely disappointing and not the experience I expected at a sports bar. Yes, we wanted to watch the game but we also wanted to enjoy one another's company and that could not be done with how loud the volume was. It made us eat quickly and get the heck out of there rather than sit back, watch the game, enjoy, and most importantly...spend more money.Although the food was great and service was good, we won't be back to this BWW location.
1	I wish I could comment on the food, but since we were never even waited on, I will just speak to the service.  Today,  my family and I wanted to take my uncle to eat before a movie.  He had just had major foot surgery and needed to eat before taking medication.   When we walked in, we were greeted fairly quickly by the hostess. However she was very difficult to communicate with as we could not hear her or understand her. She mumbled something and said it would be a few minutes. Confused by the low occupancy of the restaurant,  we had a seat in the waiting area. 5 minutes later we watched that same hostess enter the dining room and vacuum ice cubes for the next 10 minutes while 3 parties were seated in front of us. After dry vacuuming a handful of ice cubes and leaving many others, she went back into the kitchen without acknowledging us. 5 minutes later after 2 more parties seated in front of us, we confronted her and another hostess about the situation.  They exchanged some words between the two and then the other girl took us to the dirty table with the ice cubes everywhere. We sat for about ten more minutes without being greated. We looked at the time and decided we were going to miss our movie unless we left. So we walked out,  starving and all. There were no apologies, and no acknowledgment of our leaving. We will never return again. The hostess situation there is unfathomable and a great reminder for everyone to go to college.
