1	No!I placed my initial order with BS and thats what it is BS! They entice you with a food credit or free delivery, but you have to purchase a minimum amount which is always $20 or more. I ended up choosing Southern Style Eatery for dinner and was excited to use this service. I ended up paying 18.22 out of pocket.Delivery guy Ronald was a very nice guy who delivered quickly, one of my entrees was incorrect so I contacted BS and was issued a refund for that one entree... come to find out it was a credit to my BS account. Everything went well until tonight. I placed an order for pickup from Chili's, I used my credit and paid for the difference. I sat there watching the tracker for 10 mins then finally started vacuuming. During this time BS contacted me and left a voice mail advising me the pricing on the menu was incorrect and if I had questions or needed help to email them or live chat. I immediately went to my laptop only to see they charged my card an additional amount, yet I never authorized this! When I contacted them via live chat "Andrew" stated the menu prices were incorrect and that was the additional fee. I'm fine with the fees, but I'm not fine with being charged without being asked or told. THAT'S A HUGE MISTAKE! I asked to cancel the entire order and to please be refunded and Andrew stated he will credit my BS account... NO.... NOOO! Stop crediting my account, refund my GD debit card you liars! "Sure in 3-5 business days" of course.Bite Squad claims they do not mark up their food, THIS IS A LIE. I noticed Southern Style Eateries menu and the po boy I ordered was only 6.49... not the 8.49 I paid. Same with the catfish, I paid 10.99 for 3 pcs catfish and chicken and it should've only been 9.00.When I advised Andrew, he told me to email support@bitesquad.com with any "inquiries"AVOID THIS SERVICE.**Addendum** One of the co-founders Arash emailed me to offer a $50 credit if I deleted my negative review so they can have a "clean slate" When I advised I could update my review, Arash said he would like for me to delete it instead. After 6 emails later, he said he would give me the credit AFTER I updated my review... based on what? During this time he stated the reason why businesses hate Yelpers is because we are all irrational and that 95% of Yelpers don't even leave reviews (Where do they come from?). When I would not come to terms with him and told him he was harassing me, he stated that I will soon be on the other side of the coin and that karma is a b****... This is also an issue in Seattle... Had this issue been taken care of when I first brought it to their attention, this would be a different story. One piece of information that he gave me was that soon enough BS Vegas will have "over 4 star reviews" Funny how 2 of the 5 star reviews are from patrons living in Seattle... where BS is headquartered. This is all too shady for me. Delete your review for a credit? NAH.
5	I love this service!  I found a coupon and decided to give it a try while on a girls weekend in Vegas.  The mobile site is very user friendly.  I didn't know how to redeem my coupon and switched to the desktop version to find a contact number and noticed the live chat option so I tried it and got a very quick response.  We browsed a ton of the restaurants in our search area and changed our minds a few times as the delivery charge changes, depending on the distance from your location, and they do notify you, as soon as you add something to your cart.  Not a big deal, and understandable, there a plenty of food options! We ended up getting Indian food from Bombay Indian Cuisine (they're my next five star review) and we were impressed by the real time update and being able to see where the driver was on the map.  Bite squad also called within minutes of placing the order to tell me the restaurant was out of a menu item.  I will definitely be using this service in future trips to Las Vegas!  Thank you!
5	Bite squad is awesome.  The food got to my house way fast and was warm as well.   This is the first time that I had used Bite Squad and this will not be the last!!!!!  Actually this will be the 2nd night in a row (last night & tonight).  It doesn't get better than this!!!
5	I had a great experience with BiteSquad. The estimated time to delivery tracker was accurate and they had a good variety of local options. The delivery price was a little hefty for one pizza, so I'd probably use this service for larger orders, but it was very convenient.
5	Mark me down as a huge fan and loyal customer to Bite Squad after using it three times in the last two weeks.  I live in extreme Henderson and for years my food delivery options have been pizza or Chinese.  Now I've got many more options, including healthy fare which is terrific.The online user experience is tremendous.  Viewing each restaurant's menu and ordering is made simple, and you can see very clearly how much the minimum spend is as well as what your total is.  You can also add the tip into the total bill so you need zero cash on you when the food is delivered.Best part - they've got an order tracker that walks you through the process and gives you an estimated time of arrival.  When the driver leaves with the food, you see him/her on the road in real-time, and you receive a text message alerting you that the car has pulled up.  Very slick and handy for me because I have two dogs that go nuts when the doorbell rings so I can just meet the driver at the door and avoid that.I will definitely use Bite Squad again and I'm hoping that additional restaurants will be added to the lineup.  The service is easy, convenient and I have no issues with the cost of delivery or minimum order amount.  Give it a try and I think you'll be very happy.
5	Tried it....LOVED IT!!! Will tell many and will enjoy this amazing service again. The delivery fee was reasonable and the service, prompt and exactly what we ordered.
