2	I've had many problems with the service at this location.  The employees are nice but they regularly mess up my order and the bun's on the hamburgers are always soggy.  They also usually take a long time to get my order out to me.  I'd actually recommend eating at the Burger King on Country Club and I-60 instead.
2	I love the chicken sandwich there, but everytime I get it's very dry and when you go thru the drive thru they are extremely slow.
1	THEY DON'T WEAR GLOVES.I watched a lanky kid behind the counter scratch his face then shove some stray fries into their container with the same bare face-scratching hands.  I was mildly grossed out.  Then I realized the fries belonged to me.  Now we're beyond mild.This is ready-to-eat food.  Being exposed to all the face-scratching, sneezing, money-handling, and other random contaminants out there.   I wanted salt, not Hepatitis A seasoning my friesSo I did the unthinkable.  I brought it up.  And when I did, I was told glove-wearing is a manager's choice.  Well, going there is a customer's choice, so I'll definitely be finding my dinner elsewhere.  Disgusting.
1	I have complained twice about not  wearing gloves! I made the manager re-make my order wearing gloves. they are getting better but I suggest you go in and look in the kitchen just to make sure the person is wearing gloves!
1	Oh my gosh:(  This morning I didn't get a breakfast so stopped at this BK for breakfast sandwich and coffee.  I told her no cheese on my sandwich.  She asked me again to confirm no cheese which I said "yes, no cheese please".  She said "okay no cheese".  No cheese was said by her twice and by me twice.  So guess what I got??? Huge cheese all over my sandwich.  I love cheese but this morning I didn't want any.  So I had to take off the top and the ham which was drowning in cheese.  Had half of a sandwich with just egg and bottom biscuit.  Today my morning started off sucky!  Thanks BK in 2024 E Southern Ave, Mesa.  Last time going to this location.  I can't imagine how horrible they would be if they were busy.  This morning at 9:50am the place was semi empty.
