1	I'm really surprised this place has no reviews yet. Are they being removed? I received "treatment" here over a year ago. I feel like such a fool for falling for this, that I'm almost too embarrassed to write this. Like many, I was desperate to get allergy relief. It's amazing what desperate people will believe when they are seeking help. I had been suffering from seasonal allergies for years and had tried many treatment types. But, the worst issue I was having was my allergy to cats. This is what brought me in. I came in, paid the fees, and they gave me a "complementary" Detox Foot Spa, which is a known scam. It's a simple reaction, really, but it certainly doesn't detoxify anything. You get the same dirty looking water even if you never place your feet in the water, due to oxidation. Either this clinic is ignorant to this fact, which is bad, or they know it's a scam and they sell it to their customers anyways, which is worse. While my feet soaked, I was told to watch a video about the allergy treatment to save the doctor time on explaining it to me. I spoke with the doctor, and explained that my reason for coming in was a cat allergy. I knew that each treatment was $98 and the first visit alone was $240. I got the scam foot bath, this silly balancing thing where I sat on a bouncy yoga ball and they told me I had poor balance, and magically I did. Then they "reprogrammed" me and magically I had better balance. The power of persuasion. I feel so silly. BTW - I told them I was NOT interested in the foot bath, or any of the other services they wanted to charge me for for this itemized first visit. I simply wanted to be treated for cat allergies. They had lengthy reasons for why this was not possible. Scams always do. So, $240 later...They tell me I'm allergic to milk, and about 10 other things I've never had a reaction to. I say okay, that's interesting. I guess that's possible. Then they tell me that I can only treat one allergy at a time and that each visit will cost $98. I knew the treatment would be $98, so I say alright. I tell them at this time, I would just like to be treated for my cat allergy. Magically, I get some long answer as to why this is not possible and that I must treat many other allergens first before "cat" can be "reprogrammed". Huh? I should have known then. I was also told that they don't have any clue as to when I should start seeing relief from allergies treated and that it can take more than one treatment on each allergy to make it work. Everything seemed to make sense at the time, which is why I feel so duped. There's no scientific evidence behind any of this. Just a "wow, isn't western medicine ridiculous. Insurance only pays for treatment, not prevention. Our clinic is more enlightened than all that" attitude. Which I ate up, since I tend to agree. There's many "clinics" (sorry for using quotations so much) that claim they can solve our health issues. Most are scams. Clues are: that you MUST have this initial visit in which they charge just enough to get you feeling committed (I've already paid $240, I can't stop now!) and you end up throwing good money after bad. This initial visit suspiciously includes things that you didn't want or need, but that they tell you are necessary. Then myriad visits after that are required, all of which cost just enough so they get a hefty profit and you can still afford it. Lastly, they tell you (as with all medicine) that there are no guarantees. If their treatment didn't work, it must be something else that's the culprit. A refund is never even an option, as you go into it knowing you are at their mercy. Save your money and spend more on eating healthy and getting exercise. I bet that will do wonders on your health, And THAT IS a guarantee.
5	How this place doesn't have 5 stars is BEYOND ME. This place has literally changed my life. For years I suffered with food allergies that caused extreme pain, nausea and extreme weight loss. It was later diagnosed by another doctor that I had a gluten intolerance and possibly Celiac Disease (it's a real thing, not just something people do to loose weight) I also have been lactose intolerant my whole life. So much so that my mother had to feed me lactose free formula as a baby! Like a lot of people, I was skeptical about something that claimed they could heal you of something you had been suffering all your life with but I figured it couldn't hurt. I was referred by several friends (so I'm not the only one who loves this place) and I'm so glad I went. I was eating a restricted diet for years and now I can eat WHATEVER I WANT!!! Doctor Foster almost died when I told him the first thing I was doing after treatment was going to get a Krispy Kreme but I missed them so much and I ate it with no problem! Now, I can live my life without worrying about what I can and cannot eat. My quality of life after seeing Dr. Foster has improved tenfold. Please don't be too skeptical to try it! They also will continue to treat you for your allergy until it works if the first treatment doesn't work for you (which is rare) so you really have nothing to lose!
1	Total scam , it doesn't work !! I spent $900 on treatments and didn't feel even 1 percent better . I'm allergic to every tree, grass and plant that grows in AZ and haveHorrible allergies 12 months a year. I was an am desperate to find a relief . Save your Money , this does not work . And  because I am a skeptic , I made them retest me after the treatment for trees and can you believe it didn't stick ??? They said thatIt was highly unusual but outside allergens are difficult . Whatever . Take your $900And buy a life's supply of Allegra .
