5	I really enjoy the food. And enjoy the company of my friends eating sushi with me.
5	The owner is super friendly, the food is tasty and cheap. The sushi, chicken tatsu, and beef teriyaki with noodles are all tasty and big portions for the price.
5	Okay so I was REALLY hesitant about this place. Like sushi inside the mall? The thought made me cringe, but it was the only sushi place around my work and I was STARVING. So, I gave it a shot. The chicken katsu was superb, and the spicy tuna rolls were to die for! Aside from the surprisingly excellent food, the prices were soooooooooooooooooooo cheap! I paid $10 for the small chicken katsu (which I didn't even come close to finishing) & the sushi rolls (which I also had surplus of). In summary, I think this is going to be my new lunch joint! I just hope they can survive in this economy especially since they're located in a dying mall. Oh, well, they have my money!!! Give this place a shot!
5	I'm not sure what they do but this place is AMAZING! I am an avid sushi eater and believe you me when I noticed this place, I assumed there is no way it can be that good! I mean who eats sushi out of the mall and one of the worst malls in Phoenix if that. I'm telling you that you have to try it! The owner is super friendly and their prices are spectacular. I was full after one roll...less than $6. Love it, they have a loyal customer!
5	I love this place! I eat there when ever I get the opportunity. Delicious and inexpensive. Can't get better than that!
4	This place has great fresh Sushi at great prices for a food court in a mall. It is worth the effort to find it. They care about their product.
5	Went to the anime store an got hungry an wented some good raw fish an this place it was great the old man that works there is nice
5	Okay, this is amazing. We got a large chicken katsu and 2 boxes of sushi for $10. Like some reviewers said, this is mall sushi, so it's not the best in the world. However, it is probably the best mall sushi I've ever had. Definitely worth $2.50. The Katsu, on the other hand, was amazing! Even compared to high end Japanese restaurants that charge $12+ for a plate. Here it costs $2.88 for a small (regular restaurant size) or $4.88 for a large (double the normal size). The staff was very pleasant and the food was well worth the cheap price!
5	This place is amazing. It's probably the best sushi place I've been to. The price is so cheap, which is how Asian food should be. You also get so much bang for your buck. For $5, you get 2 boxes (20 huge pieces) of sushi. I'm a huge sushi lover who can't get enough, but that fills me up. I wish they had more locations or were closer to me because I'll live there. I love this place that much :)
5	Love this place amazing cheap sushi thats fresh and delish .... People that work here are so nice and friendly. ...
5	Awesome food, awesome service and dirt cheap. I had chicken teriyaki and he threw in egg rolls for free. Food took less than 3 minutes and was ready to go with all accompaniments nicely laid out for me. Really fantastic.
4	Good sushi GREAT pricing. Yeah it seem weird at first getting sushi from the food court at the mall but man was I surprised. Prices make everything taste better knowing you're not spending ridiculous money. Stop by and find out for yourself
5	Great place for quality sushi at an excellent price. I only come for the prepared sushi, so I cannot speak about their other cooked/fried items. My fiance and I split three rolls and a large soda today for under $15. We were very happy campers. Last time we went before today, the owner gave us free eggrolls--talk about great customer service!  If you want sushi on the cheap, give this place a try.
4	Great value and good freshness. $13.00 out the door with a tip. 8 piece salmon/tuna roll and a good sized Teri Bowl with veggies; and a large can of green tea. I dinged it a star because it is located in a mall food court. Who goes to the Mall anymore?
5	Cute little spot. Always someone waiting in line. Cheap sushi quick and actually pretty good. They also have some traditional Japanese try it out!
2	Cheap sushi. Good sized, especially considering the price. The raw rolls tasted decent, although heavily seasoned. Leaves one to wonder why. Rice was almost dessert level sweet.  I've never had to throw out sushi until this place. Ate a few pieces of my rolls and just couldn't continue. Giving them a second star due to the cheap prices. If you want cheap sushi and aren't picky about the quality, then give this place a swirl...otherwise, I wouldn't bother.
5	Look, I am by no means a sushi connoisseur, but I was blown away by this little restaurant nestled inside the food court of the mall. At first I was trying to decide what to eat as I glanced around the food court. I quickly realized that Number1 Sushi garnered the most customers and I was immediately drawn to it.While waiting in line and deciding what to order, I saw a standard menu and also there were many photos of dishes. The gentleman behind the register was friendly and offered fast service.For under $5 I got myself a tray of California rolls and a canned soda. I was astounded. The sushi was very good and was adorned with soy sauce, a healthy portion of wasabi, slices of ginger, and a fortune cookie.For a quick healthy bite, nothing beats this hidden gem.
3	I had very high hopes based on all the reviews. The place was busy, the prices were good, and the service was very good. The food was pretty much average. Average mall sushi. Average spring rolls. Somewhat less than average shrimp tempura. I really wanted to like it more. I had the cream cheese salmon roll and it was pretty bland. The rice seemed overly sweet and the roll fell apart completely. It's okay for a mall meal if there is nothing else you're in love with, but I would definitely not call it four or five stars. Maybe 3.5 because they are so friendly. I'm actually sad about it because for some reason, I want them to do well.
