2	Does any apartment renter *actually* like their property management company?  I think it's pretty rare.  We all have gripes.  However, in 11 years of renting, I've dealt with 5 property management companies and 2 owner-landlords.  The owner-landlords were by far the worse.  Of the 5 property management companies, Urban Land Interests earns the title of the worst.It's not that they were so bad that I moved out because of them.  It's just that their properties (I only lived in 1, but priced several) are overpriced and their management is mediocre at best.  I don't know if the person (who I won't name) who is in charge of Bel Mora is just overworked and underpaid, or is a legitimate space-case, but dealing with them was often like pulling teeth.  I had an agreement with them for my move-out inspection that I wouldn't have the apartment all cleared out, because I was leaving very early the next morning, so I needed the bed still.  This information wasn't relayed to the rude and confused kid who came by to do the inspection (who I wasn't expecting - I thought the property manager was coming by).  He didn't want to do the inspection because the apartment wasn't empty, but after explaining the situation, he agreed to walk through with me.  He had to have been high if he thought I was going to let him do it without me seeing exactly what he noted.The maintenance crew was always really nice, and when a maintenance request was submitted, it was addressed within a day or two.  So, they get an A.The property itself was very nice (albeit overpriced).  For what I paid for a 2BR, 2BA on the 2nd floor in Madison, I paid for a 2BR, 2BA luxury apartment on the 15th floor in Milwaukee, overlooking Lake Michigan.  Their handling of my security deposit was suspect.  There was a carpet stain that happened a year before we moved out.  When I called the property manager after it happened, they said they could just cut out the area of carpet that was ruined and replace it, and it would be around $100.  Or, I could leave it until I moved out and it would just be taken out of my security deposit.  Well, I opted for the latter, and it ended up costing me $350!  Pretty ridiculous, especially for a carpet that was complete crap when I moved in 2.5 years prior.  Just another way to milk me for more money.Overall, I don't suggest renting a property from Urban Land Interests.  It's a pretty tough market in Madison, because most landlords take advantage of renters because, well, they can with all the students.  I'd still suggest properties run by other management companies.
1	So far our dealings with ULI have been a nightmare, including a signed lease that says June 1 even though we are now told our lease doesn't start until July 1 and prior to that an apartment showing appointment (that we had paid $400 to fly up from Ohio) in which they blew us off. We received no apologies for either instance. Me, my boyfriend, our real estate agent, and my boyfriend's mother have dealt with them all on different occasions throughout this process and each person has been treated terribly.We flew up to Madison specifically to look for apartments and even had a real estate agent schedule a viewing with ULI on a Monday starting at 2 PM for the entire afternoon to look at like 6 different properties. We showed up at 2, and called after about 15 minutes of waiting. They said "Sorry, we had you at 1 PM and now we can't legally enter anyone's apartment." Our real estate agent had just confirmed with them on Friday. Being that we really wanted to rent from a specific property of theirs, we didn't have much of a choice but to be dragged around by their horrible customer service. We ended up having a friend visit at a later date and record video of apartments with his iPhone. Based off our friend's videos, we signed a lease and before we booked our moving truck, we just wanted to confirm that they received all of our paperwork and deposit (since we heard nothing from them) and also to see if we could move in 1 day earlier than our June 1 start date. I just received a call back saying "I pulled the tenant's file and they have the lease through July 1" -- ARE YOU KIDDING ME? We SIGNED a lease for June 1 and now after they took our money they are telling us our lease doesn't start in until July 1. So they literally promised one tenant they could stay until July 1 and yet promised us that we could move in June 1. Luckily the current tenants are moving out after the first week of June. ULI said they are still going to charge us for the month of June. THANKS for the awesome start to a one-year lease ULI! Can't wait to see what other surprises you bring on us!
3	Since our snafu, we've been working with Holly and she's been great. She cleared up our lease problem and had no problem reimbursing us for June's gas & electric when MGE falsely charged us instead of the previous tenant due to the lease mix-up. We moved in early July and Deb was right on-time for our move in date. The place was very clean and maintenance came within a week to fix the few problems we found.  Also, rent is easy-to-pay online and FREE unlike our last apartment which charged $15 every time you paid online with a credit card. So far things are looking up with ULI!
4	I lived at the Lincoln School apartments for 3 years and had a positive experience overall.  All my maintenance requests were attended to promptly and I received my full security deposit back within 3 weeks of moving out.  I loooooved the apartment itself (2 story "townhouse" with a lake view) so didn't mind paying what would otherwise be an exorbitant rent for Madison.  This place is one of the few things I've actually missed since leaving Madison, though I guess that probably says more about the building/location/view than the management co itself.
