4	Love the coffee...donuts are evil beware...
3	Keep in mind there is nothing inherently wrong with this place. It's just average in every way. Being that it's a smaller Dunkin Donuts, their stock isn't as "full" as you'd find at a dedicated location. The quality of the donuts themselves is acceptable, but nothing spectacular. Only the Bavarian Creams get me remotely excited, as those are above the norm.Coffee here is slightly better than other Dunkin locations I've been to, but not by much. Still pretty nasty when you consider the better options out there, but they'll happily pump so much liquid sugar into it that you can't tell just what you're sipping. Breakfast sandwiches are a non-option. Absolutely awful at any location. All prices are a little higher than the value as well, which doesn't help.Considering they only make so many of each donut type and favor variety over quantity, expect all the favorites to be gone, often. Chocolate frosted go fast, for instance. Alternate options in the area are the even worse grease-cakes down the road at 7-11 and the truly superior Dee's Donuts (across from said 7-11).
2	Drinks are fine, doughnuts are not.  Any store that has to rely on getting them from another location is never a good sign.  The chain has overexpanded and is focusing too much on other products.  They need to change their name since doughnuts are not their primary focus anymore.
3	Come for the coffee...drive to Dee's for the donuts.
4	The coffee was delicious, but the doughnuts were just ok to me. Dee's Doughnuts are more better imo.
2	I like Dunkin Donuts and I'm glad they started opening locations out here a few years ago, but this particular one isn't so great. If you come by in the early morning you probably won't have many problems, but anytime I come by later pretty much after 11am they are always out of things and are very slow because it looks like there is one person in the pm. Basically avoid if your stopping by after the morning rush.
3	When it comes to donuts, DD is actually my least favorite but i'm a fan of their coffee and their breakfast sandwiches. They pumpkin lattes for me are always perfectly sweetened. This place could easily get 4-5 stars but they consider themselves a full service DD but because their small are often out of key elements in their  menu. I wouldnt be upset if near closing time they were out of croissants but really.. 10 am!! you're out of croissants... and out of english muffins.. !?!?! Its really frustrating. Whats even more frustrating is that although this location is very close to me in proximity if often decide to bypass it because they're more times than not out of a key menu item.Good location.. Grand Montecito is always hopping but I can only guess bad management!
