5	Even if you gave up on Andy when he started coloring snapshots of Liza, you should not miss this place if you are anywhere nearby.  To see Andy's work collected in one place and arranged in a chronology is to really appreciate what he achieved.  The building itself is a perfect showcase.  I love the cloud room that recreates the famous "factory" and the room full of his Mao's. The best room is the one that shows his early career as a shoe illustrator for department store advertisements.  I wish they would issue some good Mao posters.
5	Definitely a cool museum to see if you happen to be visiting Pittsburgh.  This space used to be an old warehouse and now it includes seven floors of artwork, books, magazines, audiotape interviews with friends, films and sculptures. There's a neat little room tucked in the very back which contains floating silver clouds, you can sit in the room and watch the clouds float about endlessly..
5	I have to agree with the other reviewers-- the Silver Clouds were my favorite part.  This is the most uplifting and playful room that I've seen in a long time at any museum.  I'm a sucker for installations, especially ones that I can interact with so completely...and because of the nature of Warhol's work and how much everyone has been exposed to it over the years it was so familiar...I just really loved it.The rest of the museum was great too-- I loved lingering over the many prints and paintings that are so iconic and exciting, and seeing the countless snapshots of Warhol and his hangers on and their weird glam life.  Interesting that you're allowed to take pics there, but conceptually appropriate...you'd get shown the door in Boston's art museums for that.
5	What a wonderfully comprehensive look at Warhol's career! This museum is truly not to be missed if you are in the Pittsburgh area. I visited on a Friday evening (when admission is half off) and had the most enjoyable museum experience I have ever had. I first unwound by enjoying a glass of wine in the lobby before walking through the museum and then took my time walking through floor after floor of amazing Warhol prints, paintings and photographs. The silver clouds exhibit was definitely a highlight - there is something so serene about silver pillows floating aimlessly all around you. This was truly a fantastic way to kick off my weekend!
4	Bizarre 'facts' overheard at the Warhol Museum:1. Mother telling child that Warhol invented wallpaper2. Many many people saying "Oh, he died of AIDS, didn't he?"3.  Alternately, a strongly (and frequently) voiced belief that he died of the gunshot  wound inflicted by Valerie Solanas.4. "Warhol designed the logo for Heinz (or Campbell's, or Brillo pads)"If you want to know anything about Warhol, ask one of the people sitting in the gallery. If they don't know, they will happily find out for you. And maybe some of them look surly, but for the most part they would be happy to have someone to talk to. Really.The Warhol offers a broad overview of Warhol's life and work, but, because exhibits are frequently traveling, some of the heavy-hitters are often on loan. If you are specifically interested in seeing the Maos, or Marilyn, or the Soup Can paintings (as opposed to the prints) consider calling ahead to find out if they are on display. Also, try to visit on Fridays after 5, when admission is half-price. Cheaper is always better!
5	The best museum I have ever been to... very cool, very interesting, and most importantly, very fun!
5	This place is totally amazing.  My dad brought me here when I was about 10, and I remember being amazed by the concept of screenprinting.  It's one of the major factors that contributed to me wanting to go to art school, which I did, and then learn to screenprint myself.  It's such a fun museum, and I'd love love love to go back!
5	It has been many years since I have been at this museum.  We are going to Pittsburgh in a few months and we are definitely going back.  It is a totally cool place!  Our fave part was the room with the Mylar balloons.  I would love to just lay on the floor and trip out!
5	That was probably one of the better museums I've been to. Make sure you bring your student ID or at least say you forgot to bring it.I never buy museum gift store stuff, but I bought stuff here. Kinda like Urban Outfitters or Spencer's gifts but with quality sardonic wit.The cafe kinda sucked but we were starving.Going with a friend who is either a homophobe or a right wing republican increases the fun factor by a hundred.
5	Every city has a few "must see's" and for Pittsburgh the Andy Warhol museum is one of them.  Whether you're entertaining out of town guests with an hour to kill or hosting a corporate function for the evening, the seven floors of this former warehouse are packed with something for everyone.  I've had the pleasure of attending casually with family on a lazy afternoon, as well as, several private elegant evening affairs.  The staff is always accessible and informative.  On an average visit I'd fore go the cafe and plan to eat before or after your tour (try Atria's or Outback at PNC Park, Finnigan's Wake, Isabella's Street Cafe, or Firewater's Saloon).  Nearby parking goes quickly on big event nights (Go Steelers! Go Bucs!), but it's well worth a stroll through the North Shore for a gander at Andy's eccentric life and eclectic collection of art and memorabilia.As with most visitors the cloud room (floating silver pillows bouncing about the room) was most memorable.  As was the equally unique souvenir shop (remember the "Billy's Parcel Service (BPS)" doll that upset UPS so much?).And don't forget to bring your camera.... in addition to myriad of eye candy the Warhol has to offer, the looks on some tourists faces while perusing the many 'artsy' photos are absolutely priceless.
5	This is a one-of-a-kind museum that truly leads each new visitor through the creativity, talent and diversity of one of the most fascinating artists of our time. If you come to Pittsburgh for no other reason, come to see the Andy Warhol Museum.  And there are lots of other reasons to come to Pittsburgh - Mt. Washington & Grandview Avenue, the Trams, the Steelers, the Pirates, the Golden Triangle, the Allegheny, the Monongahela, the Ohio rivers, the history, the geography, the Universities . . . . a city to be explored. But if you only have time for one thing, make it the Andy Warhol Museum. If you are lucky enough to live in this incredible city, make this museum a regular place to visit. It will feel new each time.After visiting the museum walk down Smallman or Penn Avenue, stop in any of the wonderful restaurants. Have some really good Italian food (there's lots in Pgh!) and let what you have just seen truly sink in. Andy Warhol was a most talented man. This museum reflects that talent.
4	I'll be the first to admit that I am not a huge Warhol fan, but even I appreciate that this museum exists in Pittsburgh.  If you like Warhol, this museum will be that much more enjoyable for you!  If you are a student, remember to bring your ID as this will get you $7 off admission.  Or, even better, visitors should wait for Good Fridays (every Friday) where there is half-price admission after 5 pm.  More, there is a cash bar, which makes this even a fun place to go and check out some eye candy (art and human both) or to bring a date.
5	A great intensive display of Andy Warhol works. A must see while visiting Pittsburgh. And the store has loads of great stuff to buy too.
5	Must see for any art fan.  I went to high school with a cousin of  Warhol's, so I felt like a friend of the family walking around, haha.Great addition to the Pittsburgh Museum scene. I need to go back and check out current exhibits. My original trip was on a date with a girl that totally didn't get it. ha. One room has Punching Bag Jesus's and the next Suicide Photo's.
4	I'm a big Andy Warhol fan so I'm slightly biased in writing this review about his museum. I think its everything I would expect from a Andy Warhol Museum. For the most part, the inside is plain white walls, so it doesn't take away from the artwork. You can Andy Warhol's famous works here: the Campbell soup cans, chairman Mao, the car crashes, Jackie Kennedy, etc. You can also find some of his lesser-known work like his screen painting of the famous Last Supper painting. I did wish the museum didn't feel so spread out when you are walking around. Other than that I had a great experience.
5	Andy Warhol is my favourite artist and a huge influence on my work, so I LOVE this museum. It is quite interesting because not only do you get to see Andy's famous works of art and a glimpse into his lifestyle, but  you will also experience some intriguing American cultural history.
4	Whether you are a Warhol fan or not, this museum is jam-packed with pieces of art that almost anyone will find interesting, at the very least.  I found the museum to be fascinating, especially when viewing the lesser-known pieces and the installations.  Check out the films, and the library.  Very cool.
4	Nice museum.  You really get a feel how AW defined a lot of art, even if like many you don't always see what the fuss is about.  Quite an eclectic guy that AW.
5	Another fantastic museum right in Pittsburgh. They obviously have the most thorough collection of Warhol's work, and it's a great place to spend a weekend afternoon. The gift shop is also a fun place to check out.
4	This is a very large museum for one "Man's Art.  Plan to spend hours roaming around, which is spread out on different floors and some rooms can easily be missed.  They do have elevators. Not sure whether or not it was wise to take along a pre-teen boy and girl who certainly did not understand his works! However my daughter and I thoroughly enjoyed it! Admission= Adults $15.00 Children 3-18= $8.00
4	Although apparently they have the greatest collection of Warholia on the planet, I was a little dissapointed that there didn't seem to be much on display, although I relished every bit that was out.  Very interesting about the "time capsules" that are being opened, containing all of the minutiae of his life and times for each year or so, what a treasure trove of culture.  VERY dissapointed not to see any live screenings of his more interesting films going on.  Also, a fourth or so of the space is dedicated to artists post-Warhol.  It was nice to have a focus on the commercial art in the earlier years, which I never would have known about.  6 floor, but a couple of them don't have much.  A lot of the photos seemed to be doubled in the display cases.  Still highly recommened!  Wish I lived there to attend what looks like the many events.
5	I've lived in Pittsburgh for what seems like forever, and I have gone to the Warhol a zillion times. Oh Pittsburgh, we all love Andy Warhol so much even though he tried so hard to get away from this place. I have seen some amazing bands here. The musical offerings are not predictably my taste, the styles are varied and meet a high standard. The theater is a nice setting for bands, although I've seen it near destruction with some rowdy crowds. The post-Warhol art shows are generally impeccably curated and I always come away with fresh ideas & inspiration to return to my daily grind. The gift shop is full of surprises and cute stuff, although it leaves more of an impression when it is novel. The cafe, also, is full of novel surprises with their edible, vegetarian-friendly stylin'. Date highlights: Making out in the most beautiful matte black & white photo booth in the city! Cuddling on the weird squishy couches! Playing in the room with the big silver balloons/clouds floating around! The cloud room is just generally my favorite. Making eyes over great food, and holding hands walking across the bridge to the North Side. I've gone to exhibit openings here, performed here with my dance troop,  attended parties, and exhibit closings. I've brought children, good friends, classmates, groups, and romantic dates here, and everyone has a good time. Some of the art on display can be explicit - like anything, you should review it first and be prepared to talk with your kids about it if they see it. Plan to spend some time in the six floors of this museum, and be prepared to stretch your mind out, at least a little, in some new direction.
4	I'm not a huge Warhol fan but this was definitely a must do on my last visit and I'm glad I did.  I became so much more interested in Warhol and his life.  Definitely a unique character.  The museum does a great job of showcasing everything he tinkered in in his lifetime.  No cameras allowed inside, well no photography.  The gift shop is small but had some interesting finds.  And for those picture booth lovers, there's one in the basement.
4	Wonderful Museum. living in pittsburgh for the last two years this has become one of my favorite places to go for art and an afternoon of relaxing and fun. most of my art history classes have gone here to just give everyone a museum experience. most people know who andy warhol is, so this is a no brainer to start an art experience for the non-art loving crowd. the museum's level is an ideal way to experience the space. meeting in the lobby sets a great pace for everyone. lots to take in, so enjoy the free pretzels they have out sometimes and get ready to make some noises and faces. one great thing about this museum is that they always change around what's in the museum. they use artwork from other artists who have been inspired by warhol. the staff does a great job curating the space and the night life here is pretty cool. friday nights they open late and there's cocktails. for those of you who dont know but Art and Cocktails are best friends. and if you're here for more than 3 hours, you should check out the cafe all the way down. they have some pretty good food there too. i had the roasted tomato bisque, salad, and a grilled cheese and a few more things i cannot remember on those trips but all times i was happy and left with more energy. a must go for everyone.!
5	Made a special trip to the 'Burgh just to visit this museum, and was not disappointed. I like that it is 7 floors, and I like that despite the fact that it is the ANDY WARHOL museum, there was work by a couple of other artists (Warhol collaborators, proteges, etc.) featured as well. We went early on a Thursday morning in July and it was emptyyyyyy, which was fantastic. The gift shop is great.
5	Really fun.My favorite piece was Silver Clouds... a roomful of silver, metalized plastic pillow-shaped balloons inflated with helium and oxygen. They float held aloft by the gallery's own air vents.Don't forget to stop by the gift shop (they actually sell The SCUM Manifesto!  how cool is that?!).
4	I got on a huge Warhol/ Velvet underground kick back in 2002 and had to go see this museum. It was a post 9-11 world, i was confused. Maybe it was the whole fable of "shy blue collar boy becomes darling of art world and rubs elbows with socialites" that got me. It is a very well executed collection of the man's work. Just about anything of his you've seen in art textbooks is represented here. Silver Clouds is a fun, if overly simple, installation to take in. The gift shop is pretty nice, too. Also fun to do in P'Burgh is hit Carson street on the south side. It's like a mile long version of Coventry with no yuppies. There are bars, record shops and vintage stores where you can buy a tee shirt with the Velvet' s purple banana logo on it. But that would make one a bigger wanker than being a Steelers fan.
4	A cool museum that offers a glimpse into an enigmatic icon who just so happens to be a Pittsburgh native.  The Silver Clouds room is worth the price of admission alone, perhaps because it's so unexpected amidst the endless number of celebrity portraits.  Also, this summer's Warhol Live exhibit really brings the artwork to life, especially since the museum is sponsoring a concert series in conjunction with the exhibition.  Definitely worth checking out.
5	Just a great place... although I'm a huge Warhol fan so of course I'm a bit biased. There are always new exhibits going on here, and they also have great indie concerts from time to time. I've also heard that band members often stop here in the afternoon when they are passing through town to play a concert, so it can be a good celebrity spotting site. My favorite memory here is sharing an elevator with John Waters during the opening of his exhibit.
5	Been here countless times and each time I fly back to Pittsburgh I always make it a point to go to the Warhol and relive some of my younger years of hanging out at the Warhol with friends.This place has a little bit of everything and I've always enjoyed the artwork on the 7th floor because it constantly is changing depending on the artist the museum hosts for the time being. My favorite room is the Silver Clouds and taking pictures in the room, it's such a unique experience.
4	I headed to the Warhol on a weekday afternoon while on business in Pittsburgh. I was looking to get my culture on before heading on an afternoon flight back home. The museum was much larger than I expected and well worth the admission price. The pinball gallery in the entry is fantastic and I found myself singing Pinball Wizard as I walked out at the end of my stay. The exhibits were all interesting and I could have stayed there well longer than I had time to if I watched all the video exhibits from start to finish. The way the exhibits were set up made sense and were easy to comprehend and enjoy without a lot of reading tiny chapters of books hung to a wall. Some of the exhibits were also hands on and more of an interaction than a viewing. Balloons in the air, interesting entrance ways and music. They also did a great job of setting up the vibe in each separate area. The gift shop didn't have as much Warhol stuff as just goofy stuff you would find in Spencer's. That and the parking situation disappointed me.
5	I've always wanted to go to Pittsburgh for 3 reasons-- The Steelers, Falling Water, and the Warhol Museum.  I probably have no business writing this review cause we pulled in to Pittsburgh at about 15 minutes before the museum closed, (and it was now or never, cause the Museum was closed the following day) we somehow raced through 7 floors of pop culture in 15 minutes-- and STILL loved it.  I think/hope we managed to at least glance at every piece of art in that beautiful concrete building and it was all great.  I'll certainly never forget the most unique trip through the most unique museum i've been to-- a manic run up each flight of stairs and around each floor, laughing like crazy people and  almost feeling the lights go out behind our every step.I recommend leaving yourself a little more time than 15 minutes of course-- there is so much to see.  But if 15's all you got...make the most of it right?  Oh, and its worth the trip even if you're not from the Pittsburgh area.
4	Start at the top (temporary installations) and work your way down. Try not to miss a room, painting, photo, item, floor - including the basement!Highlights - the cloud room, the big lazy furniture on some of the floors, and the B&W photo booth. The food is pretty good too. Bring friends and make an afternoon of it. Love it. It's not really a young kid friendly place, unless you stick to some of the lower floors and basement, but it's definitely fun for older kids and adults!
4	I was happy to finally visit the museum of one of my favorite artists and inspirations, Andy Warhol. Some really great pieces in there; I especially loved the electric chair series and the skull series. The only negatives were not being able to take any pictures in the museum (come on, it's not like the public hasn't seen some of this work before) and not having the best gift shop, it was really small and would have the same things as any other contemporary art museum would have. It is always a treat to look at his work though, and great that it was in a museum dedicated to just him.
4	The Andrew Warhola that you knew as Andy Warhol has a fascinating history before he became the Pop Art Icon.  You can see his beginnings in a small collage in one of the exhibits.  My sister's belief that being gay, I would really want to see the museum.  Yes and No.  I have never seen most of A.W. 's art outside of Modern Art Museums in Chicago or other cities, which would probably be one piece here and there.  The museum boasts a larger percentage with loans from other museums and collections.The museum itself promotes other artists that are up and coming with a temporary exhibit.  The current major temporary exhibit is Shepard Fairey, the creator of the iconic Obama poster.  Although I liked the poster, it was also very idolistic.  Never a big Obama fan, his election was better than McCain and Palin running our country right now ( although I would have loved Sarah in her combat boots being sent on a "peace" mission to Iraq or Afghanistan in a military helicopter).I digress, the museum comprises of 7 floors with exhibits ranging from the modern pop art similar to Warhol to todays, modern artists who followed his path.  Since Shepard Fairey had 2 floors devoted to him, I will comment on his work currently on exhibit.  I found it monochromatic.  His early works were a criticism of war, capitalism and the prevalence of advertising for both war and capitalism.  He used images of people and posterized it to effect to spread his message.  However, I think he is also following his inspiration, Warhol by borrowing images and giving his p.o.v.  The works are almost monochromatic with red and black as the primary colors with the tribute to the Socialist propaganda prominent in Communist countries.  What fails to attract me to his work is his inability to be consistent.  Is he spreading anti capitalist messages, is he protesting the war, is he trying to show that images can affect change.  There is no voice except commercialism.  Currently, Fairey designed or more evidently has placed his images in Levi's clothes.  Since this is not uncommon for any modern pop artist, it just conflicts with his anti capitalist imagery.The rest of the exhibits ranged from good to bad.  I think the museum is trying to create a Modern Art Museum destination in Pittsburgh.  Andy Warhol was a native son but do we think that he is an artist that can be considered along the Picassos, Rembrandts, etc.  Not yet.  I do  believe, his art work will stand the test of time as the movement towards using the imagery of commercial products to an art.  Shepard Fairey - 15 mins are counting down.So I am a fan because it has brought something different from the staid museums of old such as Natural History and Art Gallery museums. P.S.  There is a children's area in the basement that allows the children in your party to work on some art (this is a plus since some exhibits can be rated R and not for kids).
4	Great museum. Initially we were there about 30 mins before 5, when the price would drop. The helpful staff suggested we could go chill in the cafe or gift shop until 5 and then it would be 50% off. Good idea!We went downstairs to the cafe and had some coffee plus a chocolate bacon cookie (yum). Then we went into the museum. Because we had a really tight schedule (we needed to leave in 1 hour and 15 mins to get ready for the rehearsal dinner) we had to go through really quickly, but it still was really fun. We went from the top down and saw everything, just quickly.Recommended. :)
4	I have seen every exhibit that has come through here in the last 5 years.  There are a few misses, but most are hits.  Start at the top and work your way down.  And don't forget to use the photobooth before you go.The Weekend Factory is great for kids- the studio in the basement is open for visitors to make some art to take home with them.
5	Best Warhol museum in Pittsburgh, hands down.It should take you about two to three hours, depending on your interest in the subject.   They do a great job of exploring his work in the context of his time and life experience.   They don't gloss over his being gay or controversies around his work, either.   The temporary exhibits also compliment Warhol's sensibilities well.Couple tips:- dial the cell phone number for certain pieces to hear audio descriptions; they are very informative.- combine a visit to the Warhol museum with a trip to the Mattress Factory, an art installations museum also on the North Side and just a 20 minute walk away.Bonus:  All the security guards are sullen, hipster, art students.
4	Hands-down the best museum in Pittsburgh!! The room of flying pillows (not it's actual name) was more fun than you can imagine! Go! Quick, before they pull the funding or shut it down for some other reason.
4	I think I'm the only one who didn't know that Warhol was from Pittsburgh......who knew I'd get a little culture over the weekend?The museum knocked my socks off.  Admission was steep, $15 bucks, but for 7 levels of exhibits, it was well worth it.  We weren't willing to wait 2 more hours until the price dropped 50% on Friday PM after 5.  Best exhibit- the silver cloud room.  WOW...you could've left me there for days.Parking at a little lot across the street for $6.
4	I absolutely love Andy Warhol and love this Museum. If you're looking for a classy date in the burgh try going on Friday Night when they frequently offer wine and cheese tastings, I don't remember how much it costs but I believe it included the price of admission into the Museum, so it was a pretty decent deal. When you think of Pittsburgh the fine art scene may not be the first thing to come to mind, but this may make you think twice...
5	This is a wonderful museum that's a lot of fun. Andy Warhol's work is crazy and they have a LOT of it here - 7 floors to be exact. It's an absolute must see if you like modern art, or even have a slight interest in it.We went on Friday at 5 - which it's half price admission, and they open a cash bar. Lots of younger people of all types, looks like quite the interesting scene.Great cafe and gift shop too. Check it out!
4	I had a wonderful time at the Andy Warhol Museum and would recommend a stop here for any tourist of Pittsburgh. Like some of the Yelpers here, I had no idea that Warhol hailed from this city! My parents went to Pittsburgh last year and apparently didn't have enough time to visit the museum, hence their desire to go this time. With seven floors of Warhol art, you can easily spend a good 2 hours here! Admission is quite expensive imho so if possible bring a student ID. The regular adult fare is $15 and the student fare is significantly less - $8. I forgot my college ID so I was given the daunting task of answering two very difficult questions: what school do you go to? and what is your major? Don't forget to see the Silver Clouds piece. You enter a room where there are floating 'pillows' made out of silver metallic paper.All in all, it was an enjoyable museum and I would like to visit again. :]
1	Today, I realized that I've been giving way too many five-star ratings on the last few things that I've reviewed, and I thought about "gee, what have I been disappointed with in the last few weeks?"Hello, Andy Warhol Museum.Disclaimer: I'm a graphic designer for a living, done art school, taken my requisite art history classes, and for all intents and purposes, admire Andy Warhol.But when it comes to the museum, honestly, I was expecting more.  A lot more.  In the oddity paradigm of interests, I found myself leaving PNC Park early, because the jock team I was watching was stinking up the joint, and I thought an attempt to satiate my art-geek tendencies could salvage what was turning into a disappointing Pittsburgh trip.I went into the Warhol museum with expectations of plenty of visual stimulation, only to be relatively bored out of my wits by a generic array of materials that I could've probably found with a google search.  Aside from the what felt like a blatant attempts to try and subliminally get people to subscribe to Interview, I found very little impressive, and the "special exhibits" of the evolution of the Playboy bunny and pin-up artwork was nothing more than an off-shoot wall of what appeared to be DeviantArt garbage.I've dealt with snooty art snobs all throughout my career, and maybe it's because I was wearing a baseball t-shirt and baseball cap that obviously meant I was clearly not sophisticated enough to enjoy the Warhol, but the entire staff at the museum pretty much blew me off, didn't say a word to me, except to take my money and ask what my zip code was, and were obviously too hip for a jock like me.And the gift shop?  It's a glorified Urban Outfitters.Sorry, Dandy Andy - I love your work, but your museum stinks.
4	It's a solid summary of Warhol's career.  It has examples of many of his famous works, though none of the biggest stars are there.  You can see campbell's soup cans, maos, jackie o's and elvises.  The rotating exhibit showing works by DuChamp next to Warhol works inspired by DuChamp is outstanding.It's a great place to learn about the pop art movement and it's seven floors so you can easily spend 1-2 hours there.  The only knock is that it just doesn't contain any of his iconic works, but that's typical of one artist museums.  It's not a place I'd go again and again, but as a one off retrospective of Warhol, it served its purpose admirably.
4	Seven floors of brilliance - one terrible gift shop, and an average art museum cafe.From the myriad Warhol originals to the current DuChamp exhibit I think every one in our group was impressed by the diversity of the collection - I'm rather certain this was the best museum dedicated to a single individual that I have ever seen.A great discount for students and half-price Fridays are great perks that keep the place "happening" - I only wish the photo policy weren't so strict...Andy LOVED to be photographed.
5	Awesome museum, one of my very favorite things I did while in Pittsburgh and museums don't tend to make my "favorite things" list! The exhibits are interesting and well thought out. There are seven floors and plenty to look at on each. Such a great way to learn about not only Warhol, but also, the pop art movement in general. It's a wide-open but welcoming modern space and I really enjoyed it! I went after dinner and it was great way to end an evening. There is a cash bar and plenty to see and experience.
5	I was in town for a few days for a conference and a colleague told me the museum was must-see.  Like many, I did not know Warhol was from Pittsburgh.  I only had a couple hours, but not knowing when I would be back in Pittsburgh, decided to make my way there.I wasn't disappointed.  While the museum itself is unspectacular, one cannot underrate the volume, variety, and cultural value of the collection.  I had just been in San Francisco and saw a few Warhol pieces at SFMOMA, but the collection at the Andy Warhol museum is astounding.  It includes silkscreens, painting, video, and physical pieces.  There's also a very good timline of Warhol's life and development as an artist.They are currently running a special exhibit on Duchamp/Warhol called Twisted Pair, which highlights the relationship of the two artists through some excellent pieces and papers of Warhol's.  This runs through 9/12/10, so if you can make it before then, it's a special treat.Highly recommended, and at $15 for an adult ticket you can't go wrong.Shawn
5	I loved this museum.  An interesting retrospective of Warhol's career and life with displays of his work across a variety of mediums over seven floors.  I particularly loved the "Twisted Pair" special exhibit on Warhol and Marcel DuChamp. It was educational and well displayed.   A must see while in Pittsburgh and one of the highlights of my brief visit.
5	An amazing place, and provocative, to say the least...Warhol was decades ahead of his time, and made such great social commentary about the culture, and its still relevant today. What a strange cat, though.
5	I'm not a big Warhol fan, nor a typical museum dweller. But, put those things together and I found the Andy Warhol Museum to be a must-see destination in Pittsburgh. The museum was informative and fun. I wasn't aware of Warhol's pre-fame work, and most of it was quite good and certainly fascinating.So, I suggest that you arrive early for a Steelers or Pirates game and duck on in for some low-brow/high-brow art.
4	Stopped in here this past Spring.Loved looking at all of the Pop Art.  It's funny how Warhol's art defined the 80's.  Being a child at the time, I didn't realize it.My favorite exhibit was the tv show room.  They have every one of his shows playing on seperate screens with headphones.  Seeing those old interviews with Duran Duran and Blondie was great.  I remembered my dad watching them on MTV back in the day.There was also a great exhibit on car accidents and suicide photos.  Very powerful stuff.Definitly check this place out.
5	silver clouds...amazing. small, intimate museum....but amazing.shows held in lobby....amazing.a sure stop if youre in pittsburgh.
5	boggles my mind that the warhol gets visitors from countries as far away as japan, yet not all pittsburghers have been here.this is the largest museum dedicated to a single artist, and the carnegie has done a great job with it. the space itself has a warehouse feel to it which is perfect for the mostly over-sized prints covering the walls.the rotating exhibits (mostly of other artists work) are always great and mix well with the permanent works.two 'can't misses' are the silver cloud room, and the insanely comfortable "couches" which appear in a few rooms throughout the gallery. pretty sure most people don't read their descriptions and know that visitors are encouraged to sit on them.
5	My first trip to Pittsburgh! This museum was the reason I wanted to go to Pittsburgh in the first place, and I'm incredibly happy that I went. The price isn't ridiculous, especially with a student id. There are works by a lot of different artists, so it's not monotonous. Silver Clouds was definitely the most fun, but it was also very interesting to see Andy's influence in so many different artists (and their influence on him) and to see his videos.I definitely learned a few things about Andy, and I was impressed with the variety of works here. I would recommend for Warhol fans, and for people who want to understand Warhol fans.
4	Even a casual fan of Warhol will enjoy this museum. Its seven floors of exhibition space contain Warhol's art, personal memorabilia and special exhibitions.  As you wander through each floor, you really get a sense of his aesthetic and his obsession with pop culture. I visited during the Marilyn Monroe retrospective. I enjoyed the mixture of media - the photographs were especially interesting to me. I also really loved the interactive "Silver Clouds" room. Its like the best pillow fight you'll ever have,Overall, it's a great museum, though if pressed for time, I would head to the Natural History/Art Museum over this one.
5	Must see!OK, maybe I was predisposed to liking this. Andy Warhol has been one of my favorite artists for as long as I can remember. But in my defense, I was never impressed by the Warhol exhibits shown locally in Las Vegas. I was on my way to Cleveland, and I decided to spend a day in PIttsburgh to hit the Warhol. Needless to say, I'm glad that I did. It's one of the best museums I've ever been to, and also one of the most accessible. Finding the place, parking, and getting in was as easy as a stop at 7-11. The girls who work there are friendly (and cute!).  From top to bottom, even a novice could tell it's a well-curated museum. The exhibits are satisfying and enjoyable for anyone, regardless of prior knowledge, or lack thereof. I particularly liked that many of the pieces on display were ones that I generally saw less-frequently otherwhere, many of which I'd never seen in person, and few I never even came across in print. As a lot of other people have said, the Silver Clouds and the video floor were particular highlights for me. Seeing the Silver Clouds in person was starkly different than merely seeing pictures. The films  benefited similarly from being projected at theater-like sizes. The films were even laid out in a quite striking matter that also allowed for many to be shown at once. The meta-visual was impressive. I actually had to hurry though the video floor, as I could've just as easily spent 10 hours there as 10 minutes.  Anyway, I could continue to pour nearly-senseless exuberance onto the screen for another 1000 words, but I think you get the point. The Andy Warhol Museum is fucking awesome.In 8100mi and 30 days, the Andy Warhol Museum was perhaps my favorite stop.Summer of Matt Review #1.
5	This was killer.  We went at the end of the day and only had about an hour in a half to look around before closing.  We could have easily used another hour to examine this offbeat sideways thinking art.  The 7th floor was dedicated to Marilyn Monroe, other artists as well as Andy Warhol.  I am a big Marilyn fan so to me it was a bonus to be able to see other artists photography and impressions as well.  On the 6th floor they had nothing but Andy Warhol movies, every day interactions between people, violent, grotesque, sexual, and wacky are the first few words that come to mind.  Who thinks about filming a sleeping subject for 5 hours and turning it into art?  Andy Warhol did.  The 5th and 4th levels were gallery styles with mostly all Warhol art.  The paintings, screens, photos outlined a very unique time-line to Warhol's life and growth as an artist.  Do not come to Pittsburgh and skip this museum!
5	I had a great time at the Warhol. It's fulfilling in a way that engages all of your senses, and also, because well, let's face it any time that a museum is dedicated to an artist you often find only their very minor works, so yay Warhol, for having the stuff only die-hards would recognize  and the recognizable stuff for us mainstream modern art gits (moi*).  They also showcase Warhol's contemporaries and had a great video projection piece of Marlene Dietrich singin "Where Have all the Flowers Gone?" ah they had me over a barrel at that one! (And I liked-ed it)*In my defense I'm more of an Italian classicist  when it comes to art. Ill take a Della Robbia over a Koons any day.  So pfft!!
4	Amazing museum well worth a visit. Tip:  The person at the front desk may tell you that you should start at the 7th floor and work your way back down.  What they didn't tell me was that the room behind the desk had a timeline detailing Warhol's life.  Although I was glad I saw this on the way out and made for a good wrap-up of what I had seen, I wish I had read all this when I started at the museum to give a better context to the art.Two places where the museum can improve (pretty minor):1)  The cards next to the art usually detail the bare minimal facts about the art and sometimes a short bio of the artist (there are many non-Warhol pieces here).  I wish more of the cards explained the context, meaning, and symbolism of the pieces.  A lot of times, I was particularly interested in a piece and was disappointed that I could not learn more about it.2)  The giftshop has about two dozen poster-size prints of Warhol art but only has postcards of about 3 museum pieces.  I found this incredibly disappointing because I love purchasing postcards of art I find interested when I'm visiting a museum.
5	You'll find the most unique museum experience here!  Even if you're not a devote Andy Warhol fan you'll find something interesting and different to see.  They always offer special exhibits that stay for a couple months and then they have the mainstays that you'll be sure to recognize.  The most memorable room at the Warhol has to be the silver clouds room.  That's all I'll say, because you HAVE to check it out! Remember that Fridays are half price admission after 5 PM.
3	Like a train wreck, some pieces of Warhol's works are so ugly but you can't look away. This is one museum I hate and love at the same time. The first time I visited I was invited by some college students at Point Park U. I work with. They were putting on a play and gave me a pass for free admission. I hadn't planned on going but things fell through with previous plans and I found myself at the museum. I was guided to the theatre and found I had front row seating. The lights went out and the curtain pulled back and for the next 45 minutes I was watching naked college students in a huge shower screaming at the top of their lungs while red and black water sprayed on them. Um.....The next time I went, it was for Andy Warhol's 85th birthday celebration and admission was 85 cents, not a bad savings of $14.15, I'm not cheap but a good deal is a good deal! I loved seeing all the familiar pieces, the Marilyn Monroes, the Jackie Kennedy Onassiss' the Brillobox and of course all his self portraits. The silver cloud room is an amazing piece of installation artwork, you have to see it for the full experience. I was also treated to silk screening my very own Andy Warhol portrait in the basement, which I framed and have hanging in my bathroom. Whenever I have friends visiting I make sure we always visit Andy, even though he's turning over in his grave because his remains and museum are both in his much hated hometown. If you love Warhol's work or just love 60's, 70's and early 80's pop art or are just a pop culture nut like me, you'll love the Warhol.
5	This was the 2nd time I had visited the Warhol and it was just as good, maybe even better, than my first experience. I think it also could have been the Marilyn Monroe temporary exhibit that blew my mind, and all of the countless rarely seen photographs of her on-and-off screen. It fit well into the whole pop-culture hysteria art Warhol is known for, and there were two floors of it (RUN and go see it before it leaves on Jan 23). The other floors contain somewhat interesting and off-putting film, but I do appreciate his artistic style more after going to the museum. Plus, I could spend hours being amused by the Silver Clouds room.
5	If you have even just a passing interest in pop culture and contemporary art and you happen to stop into the Andy Warhol Museum at a random time, you're bound to have at least a four star time. What makes the Warhol truly exceptional is their programming which includes special events, bands, guest djs, happy hours, outdoor concerts and guest installations that are oftentimes worth the price of admission alone. As a side dish to any of these other events, the museum is absolutely amazing and holds up upon repeat visits.Most recently, I stopped by during the Shepard Fairey installation with visitors from out of town, and everyone, including people who had been there multiple times, thoroughly enjoyed themselves.The Silver Cloud room is a must see and has probably launched a million profile pictures.This place is great for dates, a family day (provided your kids are at least in their teens), killing an afternoon that might otherwise be spent in front of the tube and for showcasing the Burgh to visitors.Random minutia:  there is a kickass song by an old local punk band called the Ultimatics about getting stood up at the Warhol.
5	What a treat this museum is! Starting on the 7th floor and working your way down, you will learn everything there is to know about Warhol and the gang. Once scouring through each floor, you may only need to visit for new exhibits and movie showings. But let us not forget the fabulous gift shop! Truly unique little trinkets, a great place to shop for.. well.. gifts!
3	7 floors of Andy Warhol seems like a lot, but when one huge room is filled with one print of a skull, it feels a little like a cop-out. My favorite part of the museum was the room with all of his TV shows playing. They showed episodes with people in his clique and other people he thought were important. It was the early days of MTV where cleanliness wasn't a priority - that was a precious period. I could spend 8 hours in that room.I am a big fan of his work and his ideas, but even being possibly the biggest museum dedicated to a single artist, it just wasn't worth the $15 admission. Go on Friday nights for half-price.
4	After the recent death of Mr. Warhol's brother, John Warhola, I had a renewed interest in visiting this museum. Granted, Andy was a tiny bit before my time... And I have to admit, that other than brightly colored screen prints of some famous faces, I don't really know that much about him. We didn't go to see any of the traveling exhibits. We were all about Andy, just Andy. We went in on a Sunday afternoon and even though the car show was in town, the museum was fairly busy. We liked the wide open expanse of space and the relaxed atmosphere. We really enjoyed the initial room that contained a brief history of the artist. Also, one of our favorite pieces was his screen print of Judy Garland. Beautiful use of color, what an amazing piece. Also, I fell in love with Elvis all over again and again and again. Equally fascinating, were the self portraits. I had seen the movie Factory Girl, so I was aware of Andy's random movie making. It was fascinating to view some of his films. Very interesting. What about that "guy" with the banana? Now there is something you don't see everyday! I did think that the silver balloon room was a little silly. Until I was trapped in there with my bf BJ. And then I fell in love with it. It was SO much fun! It was also very interesting to see much of the old memorabilia. Love seeing his old well worn shoes, skinny jeans and leather jackets. Priceless!  There is a lot to see, read and absorb. So, this museum definitely deserves repeat visits.   BJ doesn't know it yet, but we will be going back.
4	A great museum just a couple of blocks from PNC Park, where the Pirates play. I'm a big Warhol fan, so it is a blast to see so many of his originals. They've also had shows of Basquiat and Haring there, which were also wonderful. It's also a blast to see all the stuff he collected in his archive boxes--what a strange, wonderful dude Andy was. The video collection from his TV show is also hilarious, and so very 80s (loved the interview with Marc Almond). I also like the silver balloon room and the cow room. Great stuff. A lot of people dismiss Warhol, or say they don't like him, but I assure you, everyone has an opinion of him (and that says something about his influence) not to mention that you can see echoes of his work in just about every type of art everywhere.Give me a Brillo box over some snobby boring art any day! They have a student discount too, which is nice for a grad student like me. The gift shop is disappointing though, you'd sure think they could come up with better t-shirts and stuff, given the commercial appeal (and origin) of his work.
5	You can be the most uncultured person in the world, and you still can enjoy the Warhol Museum.  Warhol played to the public and knew how to make art accessible by making the ordinary extraordinary.  This is definitely worth a visit.I went here 5 or so years ago and different installations always stayed with me.  The room of silver clouds for instance.  You instantly become a small child when you play with this interactive piece.  I just wish you could take pictures in that room.  I also love the Keith Haring Elephant.Another amazing part (which I don't remember from my first visit) is the multiple tv's set up playing episodes of Andy Warhol's TV show.  You get to see great interviews of Deborah Harry, Keith Haring, Brooke Shields, and the Ramones.  I never even knew these existed but now I am on the hunt for them.  I could have spent the whole day in this section.I popped into the cafe for a quick cup of coffee and cookie.  They have a small selection of sammies and salads too.Andy said that in the future everyone will be famous for 15 minutes.  Did he predict youtube?  Perhaps.  Go see his genius and decide for yourself.
5	Twisted, warped, innovative, ahead of his time, struggling with self & perceptions of the world....in short...LOVED IT! I have AAA & got a dollar off for showing my card.
2	Warhol was still able to elicit $30 from me, 24 years after his death.  But his museum barely elicited 20 minutes of my time or any reaction whatsoever.   Possibly relevant before the onset of computers and specifically Photoshop, his work is now religated the scrap heap of pre-cursor also rans.  Interestingly enough the piece we found most intriguing was Keith Haring's elephant.   While the Warhol museum is certainly a must see destination for tourists, anyone looking for inspiring art might be better served elsewhere.  Oh yeah, kudos to Ritchie Hawtin's doppelganger at the front desk...you guys killed it in Miami that one time.
4	This place was great! I thought it was fun and interesting, whether or not you knew much about Warhol before you visited. I was impressed with the size of the collection - 7 floors of it! This guy was super weird, but his life story and his work are both fascinating. One of my favorite parts was actually the one exhibit that had nothing to do with Andy - American Qur'an by Sandow Birk. It was a room full of amazing detailed paintings encompassing the entire Qur'an, with a modern scene illustrating each section.I did think the admission was a bit high, considering for the same price you can get an admission to the Carnegie Museums of Art and Natural History (yes both).  However since this was my first visit to Pittsburgh, I thought this was a really fun and unique attraction to visit. Also, the friends that were with us had Bank of America cards and got free admission (darn you Chase!)
4	When planning our trip to Pittsburgh, I was particularly excited to visit the Andy Warhol Museum.  While I'm as familiar as the rest of the world with his iconic screen prints of soup cans and superstars, I knew little else of his work.  Not to mention everything I knew about his unusual life came from "Factory Girl"...The museum filled in all the blanks and then some.  I didn't know Warhol had produced a few talk-show/magazine-esque television series, but a room full of monitors playing episodes fascinated.  I didn't know he released films, but furniture from his factory and used as props on set told his film-making story.  I didn't know anything of the transsexual Candy Darling, but a room full of her Warhol-snapped portraits, promotional stills, and correspondence brought her to life.  I didn't know Warhol was considered one of the first artists to experiment with video art, but screen after screen of drag queens eating bananas and topless women sharing dinner recipes entranced.  Aside from those fabulous paintings of Campbell's cans and celebrities, my absolute favorite "piece" had to be "Silver Clouds": a room full of rectangular silver mylar balloons, buoyed by air currents from fans in the ceiling, an installation Warhol designed for a 1966 gallery show.  Guests are encouraged to interact with the balloons as they glide and float through the small space.  I felt like a little kid again, giggling as these cushions bumped my arms and legs, pushing them up and out.  I kept envisioning Charlie Bucket and Grampa after consuming Fizzy Lifting Drinks in Wonka's factory.A few floors are dedicated to temporary exhibits, one on masculinity in sports, another on God and religion, and a Yoko Ono installation titled "My Mommy Is Beautiful" on our visit.  Shocking, mundane, provocative, commonplace -- the art here runs the gamut.  The Andy Warhol Museum is a fascinating homage to a fascinating man and a fascinating subculture, and worth a few hours of your time.
5	What  a great place to enjoy and learn.  Have visited a couple of times in the last few months and they have changed a few exhibits...which makes it even better!  What an eccentric.  Fun to see and learn about the man and the art.  An extensive collection of his work and some traveling exhibits.Also, saw a few Burton Morris works...did not realize he was from the Burg.
5	Came here on a Sunday afternoon and had such a nice time here! Before coming here, I was a little familiar with Andy Warhol and his work, but after leaving here, I got a much better sense of who he was and his artwork. Each floor, this museum tells a tale of his journey in different parts of his life, which was wonderful. Another great thing is how we were able to silkscreen print t-shirts and totes on the bottom level of the museum! It was my first time doing this and had a great time being creative with the prints, color and designs. You can also make your own "trophy" for free here, which is really cool. Unfortunately we didn't have time to make one since the art room closed at 4:30 and it took some time silkscreen printing with other people waiting for their turn, so my tip would be to definitely go a little early so you can enjoy the entire museum and its art projects without being pressed for time. Overall, had a great time here! Definitely recommend this place, even if you aren't an Andy Warhol fan! :)
5	Andy Warhol was weird. Seriously, he was so weird! But in this case, weird = good = fun = pretty d*mn cool.The Warhol is both a great introduction and in-depth study into the man and his works. Although any Pittsburgher can tell you he was one of ours, it's still amazing to see how influential he was once you get past the soup cans and hair. A great tribute to a true (pop) artistic icon.
4	Dense. Weird. Fantastic. I'm not one who knows much about art, let alone the specific details about someone like Andy Warhol. That's exactly why I went. To learn and to experience. This is a really nicely laid out museum and really does a great job paying tribute to a modern great. There is a ton of pieces on display and you could spent days here. If you're in Pittsburgh, I wouldn't hesitate to visit, love him, hate him, or know nothing about him, that's why you should go.
3	I live Washington, DC where the museums are free. I was shocked that the admission price was $15. The museum is on 7 floors. The collection is nice but the interactive wasn't work the day I visited. Also, usually in other states where have to pay to see museums they give me 1/2 price admission because inam deaf. You really do miss a lot not hearing the narratives, etc. Anyway, The Warhol museum doesnt have 1/2 price for deaf.The cafe on the lower level was good.
3	What I noticed about this museum is that everything I liked in it was not done by Andy Warhol.  That notwithstanding, this isn't a bad museum, but I'd skip it in favor of doing something else if I were visiting Pittsburgh for a week or less.
5	If you have one day to spend in Pittsburgh, the Andy Warhol Museum should be on your list.There are seven floors--you start at the top and work your way down.  (Be prepared to pass several taxidermy specimens of Warhol's along the way down the stairs.)  Much of Warhol's art in these museum changes periodically as pieces are loaned to and from other institutions, so it's always fresh.  Most of the multimedia displays are permanent, as well as the collection of Warhol's personal items--from his lipstick to his diploma--and "Silver Clouds."  "Silver Clouds" is a 1966 interactive display of huge pillow-like balloons that float around in the one room where touching the art is encouraged.  You'll feel like a kid swatting and batting the "clouds."There are always new traveling exhibits featuring the works of other pop, avant-garde, and modern artists.  Warhol founded Interview magazine and there are tons of display copies to check out in the museum as well.  The gift shop is always worth a stop--I never fail to find a gift or card for some upcoming birthday...and maybe a little something for myself, too!Even if you aren't a fan of Warhol's work, his young life epitomized industrial Pittsburgh: his parents were working-class immigrants, his father worked in a coal mine.  He grew up in the same South Oakland neighborhood as football legend Dan Marino. Warhol attended the now gone Schenley High School and the university that is now Carnegie-Mellon.If you're from out of town, consider starting at Penn & 7th Downtown.  Sit in the eyeball chairs and eat a hot dog from the stand coincidentally named Andy's.  Walk towards the yellow bridges, stopping to check out the Pittsburgh transformer statue and the view of PNC Park (to your left) and the old Heinz Factory (to your right) across the river.  Stroll across the aptly named The Andy Warhol Bridge until you hit the museum.Tip: The museum hosts Good Fridays from 5-10pm on every Friday, where there is 1/2 off admissions and a cash bar downstairs.
3	I love Andy Warhol's Pop Art.  I liked how he took the ordinary and turned them into something creative and accessible.  And I was expecting to see that Andy Warhol.  There are multiple floors, but you start off on the first to learn about his childhood and how his art developed.  I thought this was the most interesting gallery.  After that, you proceed to the top floor and work you way down.I'm not a fan of his films...they are just to obscure for me.  So I was unimpressed by the entire floor devoted to them.  I did like seeing his Marilyn, Elvis and Gertrude Stein works.  There were a few of his grocery boxes, but no Campbell's soup and no silver clouds on display.  I was disappointed by this.  When I'm going to see a Pop Artist, I'd really like to see more examples of his Pop Art.  Also, I would say a fourth of the exhibits were from other artists.  Bummer....Not exactly worth the $15 admission price.  Especially since two of the floors were closed.
5	I'm not sure what to say about the Warhol museum other than that it is amazing and wonderful and one of the very best museums I've ever visited. It's not a typical art museum where you wander around and look at paintings all day- because of course, Andy Warhol was not a typical artist. There's art and video and interaction and it's all so fascinating and absorbing. Being able to walk around in the Silver Clouds room and touch and play with the installation made me feel like a little kid, and it was fantastic to see so many iconic pieces of art up close and in person for the first time. The museum incorporates Warhol's life with his art so you walk away with a sense of knowing both the artist and the person. And there is so much to watch and experience that I could have stayed all day!We went on Friday night, when the museum is open late with half-price admission and there's a bar in the lobby where you can enjoy a cocktail or two. We made a special stop in Pittsburgh on the way back from the Jersey Shore just to go here and it was absolutely worth it! If I find myself in Pittsburgh again I will stop back in heartbeat to see what's new.
1	The artwork was really cool, but the staff was among the rudest I have ever met.The "no photography" signs are small and not obvious. When I took a photo (with no flash), I was immediately approached by a gallery representative. I apologized and put away my camera. The gallery employees, however, decided to follow me around and even yell at us from across the room. They continually accused us of taking photographs when we weren't. I have been in more museums than I can count and this was by far the rudest.Additionally, the admission prices were very high ($15), especially considering 2 of the 7 floors were closed. And, might I add.. I'm not sure why they are so snobby, I had seen almost every item in the museum at other locations. Pass!!
5	Pittsburgh, you have such a gem in the Warhol Museum. And man, do I miss it.The Warhol is a great way to spend a day when you're in the Steel City. It's nestled into a part of downtown that has a ton of things to walk to, including beautiful PNC Park. The Warhol building itself is gorgeous and feels scaled to pedestrians, something you can't say about other city museums. Inside, grab a map and start exploring. There are so many things to see here, and the museum splits exhibits onto many floors. The museum represents Warhol's work and timeline very, very well. You can see those famous soup cans and Elvises and Marilyns and read about how they fit into Warhol's school of thought when he created them. If you're lucky, the Silver Clouds exhibit will be in residence and not rotating among other museums across the nation - feel free to touch! The Warhol Museum also showcases works by other artists who were Warhol's peers or friends; this gives a better picture of Warhol's importance or standing during any given era. In addition, the museum hosts very special exhibits regularly. A few years ago, there was a fabulous exhibit of Darth Vader helmets decorated by a variety of artists, and currently, there's an exhibit showcasing the work of legendary comic book artist Alex Ross (Can't wait to see this one when I return home for the holidays!).The gift shop is every bit as interesting as the exhibits are. I always find something interesting to take home for the bookshelves or table. Beware, though: Sometimes the gift shop keeps different hours from the museum itself. The last time I visited, the shop closed about a half-hour before the museum did. I was very disappointed that no one mentioned this when we bought our tickets and that I couldn't nab a souvenir at the end of the evening.----EDITED TO ADD: Steven B. reminded me about Warhol's movies. During one of my visits to the Warhol , there was an Andy movie playing, and it featured almost nothing but a girl sleeping. I kid you not. This movie was in black and white, and she had big black-eyelinered eyes, and she was sleeping in a bed for what seemed like forever. She barely moved, but she occasionally grunted and shifted. After about 20 minutes, she washed her hands and then went back to bed.On another note - and I can't believe that I forgot this one - pee is considered art. I shit you not, there is pee on a canvas, and it's hanging somewhere in the Warhol. Or at least it was a few years ago. I couldn't believe it. Too bad I wasn't allowed to take photos.
5	Walking in I was expecting less.  But I did not know that Andy Warhol had so many talents!  Literally, we were in the museum for more than 2 hours.  I was amazed with the art and how his colors pop.  I was inspired that I bought the Big Shot camera and have not stopped shooting portraiture since then.  Andy Warhol is an icon with true talents!  A must see if you are in the pittsburgh area.
5	The Andy Warhol Museum is a MUST-visit in Pittsburgh, and it can be appreciated by anyone whether you're familiar with his work or not.There are 7 floors of exhibits that showcase his eclectic pop art. It's very well-curated with each floor highlighting a different aspect of his life and work. They range from whimsical, to funny, to beautiful, to weird, and some are straight up creepy, but all are interesting and very enjoyable.The museum also emphasizes his relationships and influences to others. To name a few: Candy Darling, John Lennon, and Alex Ross. AND if you go within the next month, you'll be able to check out the Alex Ross Heroes & Villains Exhibit which features paintings, sketches, and designs by this phenomenal comic book artist. Things to note:1) Photography is NOT allowed inside the museum.2) You will not find the Campbell Soup Can paintings here.3) Admission is discounted for students. (Yes, I am still milking my college ID for all it's worth!)
5	On this current trip home, I visited the Warhol yet again. The museum still is easily a five-star attraction. From the moment you walk through the doors and have poppies and cats and everything else thrust into your face, you'll be transported to a dream of creative, accessible art. Still brilliant.Yesterday's visit was specifically for the Alex Ross exhibit ; I didn't wander through the rest of the museum like I usually do. Holy 15 minutes, Batman!  This is the best, most thorough guest exhibit I've had the pleasure of seeing at the Warhol!  It's such a finely curated collection of canvas, 3-d models, sketches, childhood drawings and final comic covers. The collection represented Ross' work from age 4 forward, and the accompanying information near each piece really brought everything to life. Go for the paper dolls he made as a tike. Go for the Justice and Crisis variations. Go for the Iron Man mask model. Go for the dizzying perspective on paintings of characters in NYC or Gotham. Go for the Mythology covers. Go for it all. Just go. REPEAT: DO NOT MISS THIS!The gift shop has some great items corresponding to the Ross exhibit. Don't miss the Warhol/Ross comic for just $2.99, which contains info about the artists and the exhibit. BEWARE, though: The gift shop doesn't sell bags/boards like you'd expect for this product. Seriously, it's a REALLY idiotic mistake to sell comics but not the proper protection to go with them. I mean, this well-considered exhibit especially is going to attract nerds and collectors. And the museum didn't even consider how those buyers would get their prizes home? I wasn't looking for longboxes - just some $0.25 bags and boards. Big fail. There are some generic superhero things, too. I stocked up on pins (both Marvel and DC). The shop also has a ton of items by Warhol and other artists. Be sure to look down for clearance items. I found sale stuff under the back table and on the shelf under the t-shirt display.
1	Talk about rude staff!! Being a huge Andy Worhol fan, I was really excited to check it out. I flew 8 hours to drop my bags and got my arse to this museam. I was really dissapointed with the outlay and the general 'lack of pizazz', and there seemed to be a hughe stench of mr.clean. I'm glad my student card worked out here or else I would have paid $15 for something that wasn't quite worth it. After we were done I asked the staff to call a cab for us, and they were quite rude about it. One even slammed the phone on the counter and left. I've been to art museams around the world and this byfar has been the worst one I've been to. The art was amazing. staff ruined it.
4	Before I even arrived in Pittsburgh, I knew I was going to visit the Andy Warhol Museum. I mean, how could you not? I'm not even a huge fan of the man. Heck, I'm not even sure if I like his work. However, you cannot deny the impact he has had on pop culture, and for this reason, I knew I could not avoid checking this place out.The museum itself is split between about seven floors, each with their own unifying theme. Surprisingly enough, it seemed like the museum housed a lot more of his film work than they did actual paintings. However, there is enough here of everything to keep you interested and walking through. In fact, there is enough here that I think you could justify a second trip just to be able to take it all in.My biggest complaint about the Andy Warhol Museum is that it seemed pretty expensive to me. $20 for a ticket? Come on. Luckily the offer a student discount, and yes this will ask for an ID, making the price of admission $10 instead. In addition to this, the whole seven floors thing can be a bit deceiving, considering the basement is nothing more than a workshop and cafe, and the ground floor is taken up mostly by the lobby and gift shop.If you have any interest in pop art or culture and you're in the 'Burgh, the Andy Warhol Museum is a can't miss attraction.
4	By far one of the most unique museum experiences I have had in my life.  Prior to coming to the Warhol I knew very very little about the man.  After leaving the museum I felt like I knew him infinitely better and had acquired a more diverse appreciation not only for the pop-art genre but for art and art-related in general.Different floors exhibit different stage's of Warhol's exploits as an artist.  The human component however is ever present not only in how it affects or changed people's appreciation of art but also in Andy's development as a person.My favorite room that to be the one with the differently shaped helium mylar balloons.  It was an unforgettable photo opp as well as made you part of the art ... art in motion ... interactive art ... subject art ... LOVE IT.
3	This is a generous 3.  I am a huge warhol fan but the lack of attention given to the social history AND the lasting impact makes a huge difference.  i went with non-museum buffs .... warhol out of context is strange.  the $20 price tag: wow. moma is less.  gift shop: aside from a few unique items it looks like funky gift store.  completely disappointed ..... 6 stories and i expected so much more.
4	Always a cool experience. The staff is on the rude side.  You can tell they aren't allowed to sit on the job (while patrolling the floors) because every time we entered a floor, they jumped up from their chair.
3	Fun but over priced. The gift shop is the best part
4	When i came from a long trip from Philadelphia to Pittsburgh, i knew i wanted to go to this muesem. Although i knew not much of Andy Warhol before i came in, i learned alot after. I was hardly dissapointed. The only things that ticked me off were the high prices to get in and no pictures (but, i guess what do you expect since it's a muesem) Everything else though, i was satisfied with.I enjoyed how it started off with the history of Andy Warhol and into his work. the interesting parts were the rooms where it featured some of his work in a more realistic fashion. For example, one of the rooms has silver helium balloons that Warhol frequently used in his factory in New York. Instead of a photo, they actually recreated(?) it.The store is also fun to go around. It has little knick knacks that are fun to keep. Although Andy Warhol isn't my first choice for best artists, the impact he made makes it worthwhile to visit this muesem. Also, like the last reviewer pointed out, this is the most dedicated muesem for Warhol if you are a huge fan!
4	One of the best art museums I've ever visited. Andy Warhol was ahead of his time. There are kids today doing the same things he did more than 50 years ago and calling it art. I do think all of that video footage was a little overwhelming. Although, I did manage to stand in front of a video of Lou Reed drinking a Coke for awhile. That was easily my favorite. Also, the banana-eating video. Ha! I love art. But I hate people that stand there and analyze it and say shit like, "I love the use of negative space." It sorta makes you want to smack them upside their pretentious heads. (He'll think about paint and he'll think about glue, what a jolly boring thing to do.) I look at things, appreciate them, then move on. I got through this place pretty quickly but you can easily spend hours upon hours here. Especially if you watch a lot of the video footage. It starts to hurt your eyes though. But yeah, great museum. Even if you don't like Warhol's work you may still find it pretty intriguing.
3	I was a bit disappointed.  I'm not the biggest fan, but respect him for his revolutionary style of art and his thought provoking nature.  The museum was great for a cold, rainy visit to Pittsburgh, but I was a little let down.  I think the museum is 7 floors, but one or two are filled with other artists' work, and quite a few were filled with his film work, which although it is thought provoking, not interesting enough to spend more than a half second glancing at it.  I feel that the biggest downfall (this is just a hunch) is that most major works of Warhol reside in homes of the celebrities that hung out with him for decades.  This makes for slim options for the museum to hold onto.  Again, just a hunch, but whatever the case, I enjoyed the time, but wanted more.
5	The Warhol Museum is a great experience for a lot of different reasons.  It manages to be true to its inspiration, yet is accessible to a wide range of people.  Not only do you have the "typical" brightly colored works of Warhol, there are plenty of black and white photographs (my personal favorite) showing an unknown to me, grittier side.  The Silver Clouds exhibit is fun, and not just because it's the only part of the museum that you can take pictures in ( I don't want to be a spoiler).It's open  late, and they serve cocktails in the lobby, always appropriate to have a cocktail before heading downstairs to capture the evening in the photo booth.  The gift shop is great, and I love, love, love that you aren't herded into it.  Fun if you're on your own, or with friends, or a date.
2	$20 and took an hour to go through. It was cool to learn more about Warhol, but I would not pay to come back!
2	Unless you are a HUGE Warhol fan, skip this. It's very overpriced at $20 for an adult admission. Compared to $18 for both the Carnegie Art Museum and the Natural History Museum, it's out of line. Of course, if you adore everything Warhol ever did, make it a stop. I like his work, but am not a huge fan. However, I figured I would learn something that would make it well worth the visit. Great potential, but the time/money value just isn't there. Parking is also not a good situation. Also, they don't allow photos.
2	This is a great museum looking for a collection. The architecture of the building is top-notch, as are the staff and gift shop. The problem is that none of Warhol's iconic works are here -- sure there's plenty of Warhol to look at, but given that this is the "Warhol Museum," one would hope that it would contain the paintings that made him iconic. It doesn't. The exhibition of his film and video work is comprehensive -- one could spend a day just viewing the various works on display. But the thing about video is that it's not the exclusive property of the museum -- it's available elsewhere if you want to find it.Overall, I was very disappointed. I expected to see a lot more than what they have.
2	OK, so my girlfriend and I have tried to come here our last 3 visits to Burgh, and it was never open on Mondays (sucky). So needless to say my anticipation was rather built up before entering...I am not an art / culture / history buff at all, but I do know SOME of his work... pretty much all the famous stuff (Campbell's Soup Can stuff, Monroe photos, etc). What I did not know is that his intention in life was ONLY to be as famous as possible with as little effort as possible.Example 1: Most of his famous works were done using silk screening... I learned that he did the designs in a sketch (which could have been done by my 15 week old nephew), had someone else make the silk screen patterns for him, than he did the first few pieces... and let someone else make the rest after he liked them. That's B.S.Example 2: He had his own magazine called the "Interview", and I learned the only reason he started it was just to meet and hang out with stars and famous people. He really didn't care what they had to say, he just wanted to be seen with them... A good plan, but that doesn't make you an artist... Example 3: The TV show he did was God awful and he just wanted to be in front of the camera like the famous people he interviewed... Again to try and be more famous Example 4: His work really isn't that inspired... And he totally sold out to main stream media, pretty much saying, HEY! LOOK! I hang out with Elvis and Marilyn Monroe and I am doing this "Great" work, call it art, shove it down your stupid throats and make you pay millions for it!I was very unimpressed, and pissed I had to pay $20 a pop (plus parking) to see this guy make movies talking like an uneducated idiot, see tranny men deep throat bananas, walk into a room of balloons and call it "interactive" and finally, see a silk screen piece the size of the side of a barn, OF A CAMOUFLAGE PATTERN!!! And have someone say that's art...Not worth the visit... Only reason it's 2 stars instead of 1 is b/c it was 103 degrees that day in Pittsburgh and the place had free water and A.C.
3	The last of my Pittsburgh reviews.... for now at least! I'll be the first to admit that I'm not a big Warhol lover.  My previous exposure to him was mostly through soup cans and multicolored portraits of celebrities.  I guess, to fully understand what he was trying to say, you need to put it in the context of its time.... which is impossible to fully recreate.  But while this museum did a great job of showing Warhol as an artist, more importantly it showed him as a social commentator.  I think the latter role, and the great job the exhibition did at showing that, made me appreciate him a little bit more.  He seemed to be able to balance his cynicism and joy, and his sexuality with his religion.I still wouldn't consider myself a fan. But, after a visit here, I think I have a deeper appreciation and better understanding of what he was about.I guess it is just because I'm used to DC, and its amazing array of free museums, but I was a little unhappy with the $20/person entrance fee.  These places don't run themselves, I'm sure.... just seemed a bit steep.Recommend. 3.5 stars.
3	This museum celebrates the life, paintings, films, television shows, and photography of Andy Warhol and is the LARGEST American art museum dedicated to a single artist.    However, I have to admit, I'm just not a fan of pop art.  Pop art uses popular techniques such as advertising, magazines, and comic books to capture food, household objects, and celebrities.  Advertising art?!?  Annoying.  I avoid ads when possible.  Celebrity art?!?  People are way too obsessed with celebrities already.  My favorite piece is the interactive Silver Clouds exhibit on the floor floor.  There are helium filled silver balloons that you get to push around the room.  After several floors of being yelled at by museum attendants for not standing at least 3 feet from paintings, this exhibit is a welcome change--that is, until we were yelled at for being too rough with the clouds.  ``Gentle!" the girls scolded us.  Overall, the museum is okay.  The museum is worth checking out because of how iconic Andy Warhol is, but your enjoyment will really depend on how much you appreciate pop art.  Admission is $20.
5	we spent 4 hours here last weekend and could have easily spent 4 more!  there was so much to see (and do, interactivity rocks!).  my 14- and 9-year old loved it too, the '15 minutes' and cloud room were favorites.  will definitely return.
4	I visited a while ago but it was overall a good experience. For some weird reason we were the only people there, but it was during a weekday, so I guess if you're going, go during the day. If you're an art or Warhol fan then the museum is definitely a must-see, otherwise if you're just visiting Pittsburgh for the heck of it and 4-color images mean nothing to you, spend your money elsewhere.
2	For any fan's of Andy Warhol please do not read on.I don't like places that have "rules".   I'm normally in the company of a very rambunctious group of kids...and I like to let my hair down and have fun when I take then out places. The Andy Warhol Museum is so uninviting. " You have to stand 2 feet away  from the art work."  There are hipster/security guards  who stare menacingly at you. Rather then offer you interesting information about the works you are viewing they just frown at you with their noses in the air. PLEASE!  I like my art interactive. I need more than just Campbell's Soup cans. The kids got bored here quick. Hell I got bored here quick.There is a nifty craft area on the basement where the little ones can put together screen prints, collages and stamp art.  Overall this place does nothing to draw me in or excite me, but It's worth a visit if only once.
4	GREAT museum.  Loved it.  I usually spend a short time in museums, but the Warhol museum had my attention for houes.  Beautifully done, and I love that visitors can touch and interact with many of the exhibits.
2	We took advantage of good Fridays and were able to get our tickets at half price. I'm very glad we did, because I would have been very disappointed had I paid full price. I'm glad we visited the museum, but I wouldn't revisit it. The space itself was sparse and uninviting. I get that he was an eccentric man, but I think they could've done a better job displaying his art.
4	I thought the $20 was a little expensive, but there was fun to be had in this museum.The highlights are the screen test and the room of floating giant silver balloons. I also learned a lot about Warhol mostly from the timeline room. Also it's a good tip to elevator your way to the top and then work your way down. There was a lot of artwork that wasn't his in this museum, and being as prolific as Andy Warhol was, you'd think there would be more artwork of his own. Also I thought that this museum would be a little bit more subversive. I guess that they wanted to make it as family friendly as possible, but that's probably the wrong demographic for it anyway. I wouldn't say this is a MUST in Pittsburgh, but for art enthusiasts it should be.
5	Full disclosure:  my life experience weighs heavily in this review.I used to hit the New York scene with my buddy, Gary Lee Boas, in the late '80's and actually ran into Andy Warhol with Sylvia Miles.  He gave me a copy of Interview, and autographed it to boot.  I thought this would make a terrific gift for the friend who was hosting us, Trisha Reidy, and gladly gave it to her.  Little did I know he would be dead a few months afterwards....This is the funnest, most interactive museum I think I've ever been, and I could spend hours just watching his quirky TV channel.  I've got to get GLB to Pittsburgh to see this, 'cause this was - and is - his scene!
2	"Meh" in my opinion.  Not a lot to see for the high price.  The iconic artwork is obviously the best part and a must-see once; beyond that, unhelpful staff, and uninviting layout.  Maybe I am spoiled having had the opportunity to visit many museums, but this one was lacking in character (surprising for the content), and the no-photo (even with no flash) rule was a turn-off for me.
3	I used to go to this museum a lot when I lived in Pittsburgh, especially when the admission was cheaper. I had fun checking out the works of Patti Smith, John Cale, Brigid Polk, Warhol himself, etc. That was back when I had a Mohawk, Laga hosted punk bands from around the world, I was an art school freak with friends trying to do the next "Factory" before "hipster" was a verb and "Williamsburg" was a state of mind, and of course, when the admission price was not a joke. Boy, those were the days, weren't they kids? The Warhol has events. I liked these events. Some were very interesting. I just wish they could've be open to everyone. For example, in May 2006 I attended Richard Hell's book reading here. It was wonderful in the adolescent and perverted way that Richard Hell was, is, and will always be. Unfortunately, the museum printed very, very few general admission tickets, which left my husband and a mutual friend of ours both sitting outside while every bastard from the Post-Gazette and City Paper got admitted so they could ooh and aah over Mr. Hell's reading and write pretentious reviews of it the next day. The saddest part of our "outing," sadder than watching two paying customers get shut out for not being "important" enough, was how each and every floor of exhibits remained virtually unchanged from when I'd toured the museum in art school. There are only so many times you can marvel at the va-voom of Candy Darling's wigs or the sliminess of Lou Reed's personality before you get bored. And when my husband and I came back in 2009, I noticed that the museum was YET AGAIN showing most of the same stuff it had always shown.Then, there's the admission price: $20. $20?!?!? In a city with an average individual income of 24K and falling? C'mon, folks. This is not how you run a cultural institution while you brag that Pittsburgh is so much better than NYC and/or is the world's most livable city forever and ever, amen, because MUSEUMS! Most other cities' museums cost less than Pittsburgh museums, and their exhibits actually - get this - change more than once a decade. In NYC, even the big museums like the Met offer blocks of time where you pay nada, zero, zilch for admission. Between the steep prices and the exclusive events, the Warhol is sending the message that culture is closed to all but the upper-middle class of Pittsburgh. Do working-class people deserve to see working-class art, or is ALL art only for rich folk? Three stars because Warhol was a huge influence on my painting, drawing, and graphic design work 15 years ago, and because if you've never seen it before, The Warhol is a nice little taste of 60s/70s counterculture NYC in Pittsburgh. The other two stars will come when the admission price is lowered, when the exhibits change more frequently (especially once Glenn Wonsettler left, the Warhol got much more boring) and when event tickets aren't reserved primarily for the media. Pittsburghers aren't a wealthy lot - and if UPMC/Jeffy Romoff has anything to say about it, they never will be - but they work hard, and everyone, regardless of income, deserves to be able to see art.
4	Jackie O x 4, in blue and gold and black has got to be my fav, maybe I am just not a Marilyn girl?7-8 floors of possibly Pittsburgh's only creative person ever (ok maybe that is a bit extreme).  If you're more of a fan of his art than movies skip the movies floor, also his private art collection takes up one floor, mildly interesting but its not 'his' work if you're into that. I loved the room with floating Mylar balloons, so much fun, they ask you not to take pictures but you can squeeze some in there if you sneak. For me I could do without seeing the stuffed dead dog upstairs but hey some people are into that. Friday evenings 5-10pm the admission for adults is discounted, and they sometimes have drinks at special events. Yes there is no picture taking, but if you ever been to any art museum larger than your local library. You will find this is a general rule so its not unusual to have "curators" peeping around the corner. If you don't like it don't get caught taking your pictures.It is a nice museum, fair price worth a few visits at least.
4	This is one of the coolest and most interesting museum experiences you will find.  It's truly a world class art museum and challenges you to think about the art and images around you in your every day life. Without any doubt, the finest collection of Warhol's work assembled in every type of medium he explored including television.  The staff is terrific.  Parking is just across the street and it's easily accessible.   If you've never been you must go and if you've only been once and several years ago, you have to visit often as part of their mission statement is to change things up often.  I visited last night and it was completely different from my last visit a couple years ago.  This place is probably one of the best things Pittsburgh has to offer so don't miss it.
3	I went to art school and I once owned the Andy Warhol banana poster, so I figured if I didn't give this place a visit then I'd be letting some invisible person in my life down. We arrived on a Friday night, meaning two of us got in for $20. A normal night is $20 a person. Is it worth $20 for one admission? Hell no.This was, for the most part, an enjoyable experience. You have seven floors of pretentious art. Warhol's most famous screen prints are on exhibit here (Marilyn Monroe, Campbell's soup cans), as is his worst work (a bag of kitty litter). One floor contains nothing but very odd films. I was particularly transfixed by a woman who did nothing but stare into my soul through the camera. This is deep stuff, people. You need black rimmed glasses and a chin rubbing to thoroughly grasp it.My favorite part of the museum, aside from the gift shop, was a room in which fans blew around huge, silver, inflated pillows. We ran through there with glee, punching them at each other, as one of the unsmiling employees stood by. Ah, yes, the unsmiling employees. They're all over, watching and leering and making sure you don't rub your grubby little hands on everything. Most of them don't smile back at you so I theorize they're just robots put in place as some sort of artistic statement. They are definitely an awkward presence that kind of puts a damper on things, and I get the feeling they'd stab you if you dared to whip out a camera.Go on a Friday. Try not to roll your eyes at the Chanel chainsaw made out of cardboard. I'm not going to condone the use of LSD, but I bet it makes the silver pillow room much more enjoyable.EDIT: As we were leaving, I noticed a setup in the lobby with an open bar welcoming Yelpers. Nifty coincidence. Unfortunately, I'm not from around here. Bummer.
5	Excellent!! a must go if you are in Pittsburgh!!
5	Worth spending an afternoon. Warhol is a fascinating artist and cultural figure and this museum does his work justice. We loved it.
4	I'm not as devout of a fan of this museum as I am the Carnegie Museum of Art, since I prefer impressionism, but have to give this place props for its mission and in the execution of said mission.Many won't "get" Warhol and those inspired by him. That fact will never change - either you do or you don't. I do like the artistic use of silkscreens and pop culture enough to appreciate this place. It's not the serene luxuriousness of many museums, but the stark nature of the museum complements its holdings, in my opinion.It's been a long time since we visited - after reading the reviews, I definitely think it's time we returned to enjoy the current exhibition. Once again, thanks for the tips!Tip - Yes, $20 is a bit pricey, but if you get a Carnegie membership, which is more expensive BUT WELL WORTH THE MONEY, you will definitely get a great value. If you live here in PGH, and visit each museum in the Carnegie collection even once, you will have paid for the membership, and contributed to a great cause...
4	I'm giving it 4 stars because it's a great exhibition of pop art if you're into that sort of thing. It's quite eclectic, so aficionados of the modern and pop art culture should have an incredible time here. The museum itself is on the north side just across the river from downtown Pittsburgh, so it's easy to walk to. The inside is very clean and spacious. There are seven floors, so the stewards recommend starting with the first floor, going up to the seventh, and then work your way down.There are many pieces of Andy's work on display, and actually there are lots of bits of historical and biographical information about the era he grew up in and how it influences his choices and approach to art. There are also many other artists' works on display, so you'll have to read the descriptions to know whose piece you're looking at.Overall, a great museum and worth it if you've never been. It's $20 for adults, free if you're a local student.
5	Not an Andy Warhol fan, but doesn't mean this museum is bad! It's a fairly small museum (or so it looks from the outside), but there are about 6 floors inside this museum. Every floor has an unique theme to it and it was intriguing to learn about Andy Warhol's experiences and background.Most interestingly, there was a random room in there with these flying "clouds" and once you stepped into the room, it made you feel like you were above the clouds, soaring through the sky. Make sure you stop by there!And, if you want a little fun at the museum, visit it during their Happy Hours on Friday! Buy a drink and walk around the first floor of the museum, sipping your wine away.
4	Love Warhol, so this was a no brainer. I enjoyed seeing all phases of his work from the blotted line/gold leaf drawings, movies, and of course, the silk screens.
4	I've been here before, but visited it again with a friend this morning. Loved the Breyer P-Orridge and Caldwell Linker exhibits they have going on right now - definitely check them out if you can!
3	Ah, the Warhol. This is definitely a must-see for locals and travelers alike, even if it's not my favorite place in the city. It took a while for this museum to grow on me, admittedly, and I still don't LOVE it, so I totally get why some people aren't into it.Fair warning, I am docking a few stars for this review (and maybe the Warhol will earn them back in the future) because of the museum's current condition and lack of useful introductory exhibit. Currently parts of the lobby are blocked off and under construction. Not only does this detract from the amount of space there is for the public to use, creating human traffic jams, it totally removes an important part of the Warhol museum visit. It used to be that if you walked in and, say, were not a Warhol expert and wanted to get to know the man before you went and saw his art - so, say, if you were anything like me when you first walked in here - you could walk into this great room off of the lobby that was a super informative timeline of Warhol's life. Where he was born, facts about his mother, what influenced his ideas of pop culture, when he opened his famous factory, when he was shot, up to the day he died - all of it was documented in this really, really fantastic and colorful room, and that single room really enhanced my experience in the rest of the museum during my first visit. That room is currently shut off to the public and I do not know what will replace it - but if the replacement is not a guide to Warhol, then I feel truly sorry for future visitors coming in who will not have that great introduction.The rest of the museum is fascinating, yes, but for me at least is always a quick visit. The museum is set up in an interesting manner: begin on the 7th floor at the top and work your way back down. Unfortunately, there isn't usually a whole lot of rhyme or reason in terms of what you'll see in what order as you go (and without that introductory room there is nothing to orient you in the history and mindset of Warhol you as you go). The top floor tends to be the most temporary stuff - a short exhibit, a traveling show - and one floor is dedicated to Warhol's TV shorts and movies, but really, the organization and display of the artwork is kind of up in the air beyond those basics. Some of the exhibits on the other floors are really, really cool (the silver cloud bit is wonderfully fun to walk through), and the traveling comic artwork show they had years back was utterly wonderful - but usually the artwork, while I recognize it as important and iconic, is just...too odd for my taste. Or outright disturbing; right now an entire floor is decorated with colored prints of Warhol's famous electric chair photo, and just seeing it gives me chills and makes me need to turn away. Yes, I understand the history of the photo and the importance of it and can appreciate that I'm probably supposed to have that kind of reaction - that doesn't mean I need to see an entire hallway of colored prints of the disturbing thing! I'm being slightly unfair considering one floor was great fun during my last visit; that floor was displaying some of Warhol's personal belongings and a few of his more colorful pieces. It really must just be my personal taste. For me, the artwork is interesting, but the best part of the museum is seeing actual photographs of Warhol, reading about his life, and reading his quotes on the walls. I'm the kind of person that just likes the man more than the art. Now, all of my complaining and criticisms aside I do admire the Warhol Museum for what it's doing and it's preservation and display of such important work. Speaking of important work: if you can see a Time Capsule opening, do it! (If you don't know what I'm talking about, please go Google it - it's a fascinating project and it's a long story, too long for a review.) The time capsules are a bit of a finicky project at the Warhol because the entire Time Capsule operation is grant funded; phase one is coming to an end soon and funding for the project will end until a new grant is earned, so who knows what will happen next. Hopefully the time capsules are incorporated into the displays more and more, because they're even more fascinating than some of the artwork! The two openings I went too were great fun and, honestly, far more enjoyable than walking through the rest of the museum.So yes, there's definitely a lot here to enjoy, and the staff are also really nice and will answer your questions if you talk to them. Do visit at least once. Heck, take the time to eat the Cafe - the food is pricey but fantastic and fresh. Just know that the museum and some of the artwork may not be your cup of tea - it happens!
4	This is probably one of the must-sees in Pittsburgh despite the fact that most of Warhol's most popular works are not located here. There are still plenty of work to see of the late great Warhol. If you have time you can even view some of his TV show episodes. it is a must for art lovers and a maybe for other tourists. I enjoyed it despite the fact that it costs just as much as other more important museums such as MOMA and the Met in New York.
5	Simply put, seven floors of AMAZING!Easy parking diagonally across the street from the museum. Worked out perfect since there was a baseball game the same day and there was not other parking available for 30 square miles (only SLIGHTLY exaggerating).Even though I am a Warhol fan, I was still blown away by the size and scope of work on display. His movies are running in one room. Some early sound videos in another and dozens more in a third space. The best way to navigate the museum is top down. I'm excited to see how the unveiling of Warhol's Time Capsules evolves over time.
5	You get all of Warhol; video, silk screen, photography, funk, sculpture.  Your senses are challenged your inner artist comes out.  Go enjoy it!
5	Andy Warhol was a very uncharismatic person and his art has blended into popular culture so much that it has lost its novelty. Because of this, it is difficult to make a whole museum about him and his art a mind blowing can't-live-without experience. So don't get me wrong, I like Warhol's art and think he is one of the most important 20th Century artists, but this museum wouldn't be on the top of my list to visit, even for big art fans like myself. The only real reason I visited was because I live right next to it, and am a Carnegie Museum member and get in free. And even with all that, it still took me 6 months to finally visit. That all being said, I think they do a great job incorporating multimedia into this museum. Its very hands-on and engaging. They have a full spectrum of Andy's art, not just the Soup Cans and Brillo Boxes, and do a great job of making this museum not just about Andy and his cult of personality, and not just about his art, but about his massive legacy as an artist. They also have special exhibits, performance art, and other interesting special events and are open until 10pm on Fridays.I can't really think of any ways to improve the museum.
3	After visiting the Warhol museum, I've concluded that he was a pretty organized hoarder (ie the time capsules). The museum is pretty expensive for $20, made me wish I had packed my student ID for times like this. You start on the 7th floor and work your way down. Also, no photography is allowed, which is such crap. After Pittsburgh, I jetted off to Chicago and went to a couple museums there. It was refreshing to be allowed to take photos in the Chicago museums! It was an okay museum to me, I'm not a huge fan of Warhol to begin with and although I did enjoy the room with the Mylar balloons and the 5 minute silent film (it's fun to watch the results later when you open your email copy up later), it was just okay to me.Parking in the lot is $7 I believe, but there's a lot nearby just a couple blocks down that only cost $3.
3	If you must, go on Friday and pay half price for your tickets. If you dare... the top floor has a very unique clip art kaleidoscope of vaginas and breasts (at least they did when I was there). I tried to warn the two women who were visiting with me not to walk around the top floor since they were old enough to be my grandmother and great grandmother, but they did despite my recommendation. Fortunately, no one had a heart attack and it just became oddly uncomfortable for the rest of tour de art (we started on the top floor and worked our way down).They are doing some renovation right now so I guess it would be interesting to see what this place looks like after that but I really would not feel compelled to go back even if I was a local. At the end of my trip my favorite part of the whole place was the cloud room. Warhol was a weird guy, and this museum is appropriately odd to boot. The staff that watch you in every room just really added to the ambiance.
4	Loved this place. We had a great time, it took us about an hour; but honestly that's all the time that we had as we got there at 4, and it closed at 5. It was pretty cool to see the history of Andy Warhol - certificates and pictures from his life, along with notes and of course his art. Very memorable, and I'm glad I got to see it.
5	Best date I ever went on. We wandered around for about 3 hours, everything was gorgeous, the place was clean, the staff was clearly present, it was just an awesome experience.
5	Five stars for the silver clouds alone. They made me so happy.If you're at all interested in Andy Warhol, this is a great museum for you to visit. A lot of the exhibits are interactive, so there's a lot to experience. Great portraiture on display, as well. There's a room where all the episodes of his MTV series are showing, and you can sit and put on headphones to listen. I watched a particularly entrancing segment featuring Betsey Johnson. And like I mentioned, I LOVED the silver clouds. It's just fun and whimsical.
5	Warhol's art was interesting, but I highly recommend the cafe in the basement. We had not had dinner, so we went to get, what I expected to be an over priced crappy snack. Although, the prices were elevated, as expected, the quality was far beyond my expectations. The tomato soup was very delicious, the humus dish with stuffed grape leaves was tasty. They also had a variety of flavoured sodas. I'd go back to the museum, just for the food.
5	Let me start by saying I'm absolutely obsessed with Andy Warhol and have been for quite some time, so this review might be slightly biased. I finally got a chance to visit this museum over the summer and I loved it. The only thing I wasn't a fan of was the price to get in... It was a bit much for a museum. With that said there were several floors (seven I think) and they were all packed with Warhol artifacts. I've seen many exhibits of his paintings, screenprints, and sketches before so the highlights for me were his films, photography, and collections. There was an entire floor devoted to his films. You could spend all day here and you probably wouldn't run out of things to look at. There's also an old photobooth and "factory" for kids in the basement. The gift shop wasn't as great as I wanted it to be, but I've heard they recently started renovating so that has possibly changed. The prices, however, were pretty steep. Depending on the item, you can probably find it cheaper online. Bottom line: this museum is full of all types of art from the entire span of Warhol's career. They even have exhibits from other artists sometimes. If you're even remotely interested in art, I highly recommend this.
4	I'm not a big pop art fan or modern art for that matter but I absolutely enjoyed my visit to this museum. It's not too big but not too small so the size is just perfect. There are about 5 floors or more and you basically start from the top floor and work your way down to the very first floor. I went sometime in October 2013 and the very top floor was pretty much Yasumasa Morimura's artworks which I later learned were only part of an exhibit they're running until January 2014. Very interesting paintings!!! One of the floors is dedicated to Warhol's film and video collection (I had no idea he also made films). I didn't watch every single one but I found those I did watch quite odd but interesting nonetheless.There is a room with an old video camera similar to what Warhol used and you can basically take a video of yourself, adjust the lightings, and send a copy to yourself via email. Cool stuff. Definitely my top 3 places or things to do in Pittsburgh.
3	Disclaimer: I'm not big into Warhol. The top floor is photographs by this guy named Morimura. I had never heard of him, but you can google him. His self portraits pretty funny, entertaining, and well done. The self portraits imitate, through dress, pose, and facial gesture, iconic people and pieces throughout history. Good examples are Albert Einstein, Frida Kahlo, and Vermeer's Girl with a Pearl Earring. You can actually see them all online, but they were still cool to discover and see for the first time on giant prints.The floor with the videos sucks to the max. I found myself often engrossed in the juicy descriptions, but then disappointed in the long videos. I'm not going to sit around in a 15 minute video to catch one juicy scene. I don't think anybody, including students of art or film, are doing themselves much of a favor by watching these. Some of the prints are cool, but most are what you've already probably seen already. Warhol's silver clouds are definitely the highlight of the museum. I wish i could install that in my own house one day.
2	Now i'm not the artsiest person ever, but i'm always down to try new things so me and a few others decided to try the warhol. It was set up nicely, but they had advertised a cash bar which there definitely was not! Also while playing in the solver cloud room, we were having a blast... Not being super loud just having fun... And the lady supervising said we needed to leave because we were playing "too hard". I definitely will not be paying ten dollars to hang here again.
4	I enjoy the Warhol because of the artists who they bring in to exhibit their work. I am not a big Warhol fan, but the museum is half interesting. The reason you'd come mainly is either you just love Warhol or you wanted to name drop this place in convo. High points the visiting art work, open til 10 on Fridays and a happy hour, silver cloud room and nice gift shop. Low points Warhol's super boring videos. Come for the Brillo boxes or Warhol face cookies and stay for the photobooths.
5	I had wanted to visit this place for years.  We made a trip to Burgh just to visit the museum.  So glad we did.  We went on a couple of tours, one lead by Andy's nephew...so cool.  So many Basquiat pieces.  Make sure to stop into the factory hands on lab.  There was also a Yasumasa Morimura exhibition when we visited...incredible.  We may have never been introduced to Morimura if it weren't for Andy Warhol.
5	I'm not a huge modern art fan - but we all know and love Warhol, right? This is the place to go to see all things Warhol. We also opted for the guided talk that starts at the top of every hour. This was helpful for me not knowing much about Warhol's origins, and also gave a nice intro to some of his techniques. It's exciting to think that they will be unveiling new pieces from his "stuff" in the near future! The Silver Clouds room is amazing - really a happy place! We also took advantage of the opportunity to go down into the Factory to make some silkscreens of our own.
5	Awesome museum.  Totally worth the price of admission.  Who doesn't like Andy Warhol?  We had a blast.  Spent almost two hours exploring the museum and checking out the gift shop.  We were on an epic city tour with a couple of cousins that have lived in Pittsburgh their whole life.  It was fun learning about Andy's life and his story.  It's really interesting and we recommend making the time for this museum if you are visiting the city.
3	This museum is conveniently located on the Northshore of Pittsburgh. It is walking distance from the PNC park and not far from the Strip.  It has 7 floors to explore and one needs plenty of time to properly see everything.  There is a small parking lot across the street that charges $7 and also other parking garages a short walk away. Admission for adults is $20.  There is a public elevator in the museum for those that can't take the stairs. Besides the  artwork, my fav part of this museum was the Time Capsule which is still a work in progress. Andy Warhol was a pack rat and he saved everything and many of these items are on display. These fascinating items consist of personal notes, autographed pictures, countless other items that Warhol thought were important to save.  These items are an important part of the life Warhol led and when displayed in their entirety they will be something to see. Right now some of items are displayed in several glass cases on the 2nd floor. There are no interpretive descriptions of these items. The light is low in this particular gallery and it's tough to read some of the personal letters. I hope to someday go back and see that collection displayed in a much better fashion. I have read several comments about the Silver Clouds Room. That didn't exist when I went. I am assuming it was under renovation. I was sad that I missed that. My criticisms - In one gallery there was an entire wall that was bare that used to have Andy Warhol Elvises.  It looked terrible - there was no sign as to what was going replace that artwork nor did the docent know.One floor was dedicated to Warhol's work in films and video. There was a viewing area that had several television screens showing episodes from his his tv series, "Andy Warhol's 15 min".  All of the televisions were muted and  in order to listen you had to put on headphones. I wasn't real high on putting on headphones that had been worn my 100s of people I didn't know. The sheer amount of monitors on that floor showing television and film playing at the same time was overwhelming. They should had the 15 min episodes playing in the theater downstairs.  Instead of the episodes, they did have a movie playing in the theater but there was no one there to tell you what the movie was all about - the theater was unattended. They should have had one the docents introducing the film before it began or had a "now playing" fim near the entrance to the theater. There were several docents in the museum however they were just standing around like security guards. Heaven forbid someone whipped out a camera phone.  I was in a gallery with my boyfriend and the docent kept peeking his head around the corner to make sure we weren't taking pictures. It was extremely distracting when you were trying to concentrate on the art work.With all of this said, i still recommend that fans of Warhol visit this museum. The place is a work in progress only to get better. Be  prepared to spend a lot of time here if you want to get the full experience.
5	I am glad that we stopped in during our weekend getaway to Pittsburgh. I particularly enjoyed his line drawings. I was not put off by the many hipster girls working there. Contrarily, I enjoyed their presence and found them to be more exciting than most of the art. I openly extend an invitation to these girls, especially floor 4 girl, to come to Cleveland and check out our free art museum followed by a free stay at my place. The Rolling Stones wrote such a beautiful song while staying at Warhol's house in Montauk, NY at the tip of Long Island. I spent many summers there as a young boy and remember seeing the Memory Motel. You're just a memory of a loveThat used to be.You're just a memory of a loveThat used to mean so much to me.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bE96fz6BWqk
5	This place was very interesting, I learned a lot about Warhol that I did not know and viewed some art I have never seen before. From the time I walked in I was loving the vibes given off by this eccentric and weird man. I raided the gift shop for a bunch of my norm while out of town, postcards and magnets. We all have our vices.
4	We took advantage of the Warhol Museum on Friday when it offered free admission in the evening. Bobby & I met up with a friend and we all enjoyed ourselves. Our friend Carlene had been there before,  but it was our first time.The first stop was the 7th floor (you work your way down for any newbies). We spent probably the most amount of time up there. That's where all of Andy's early years are listed. We read up on his birth, elementary school years, HS (at Schenely, who knew?! I live right around the corner) as well as his college years at CMU.  We had the chance to observe his report cards from some of his schooling, as well as his actual degree from CMU. How cool!! We browsed through the other floors but ended up getting hungry. We didn't spend as much time but still looked at everything. (LOVED the silver clouds room!) The museum offers half-off admission on Fridays from 5-10pm. There is also a cash bar. It seemed to be "the spot" Many professionals were celebrating the weekend in the lobby of the museum with a cocktail in their hand. One star off because you cannot take pictures (atleast that's what Carlene informed us) I'm confused as to how there are pics on Yelp :( Are you allowed to take pics of the cloud room by the way? I really wanted to... sigh. Now that I viewed the museum, i don't know how often i'll stop back in. Carlene did say that it looked different so maybe they switch things up every now & again.. i dont know. It's worth atleast one visit though :)
3	I have lived in Pittsburgh for 12 years and never had a chance to visit this place. Every Friday in March they were offering fresh admissions and couldn't pass up the opportunity to visit. Parking can be tricky but there is street parking that is free after 5 or 6 and a few paid lots nearby.  The museum was large enough that it didn't seem as crowded as I thought it would be. They have a neat gift shop on the ground floor and also a bar where you could hang out while enjoying your drinks-canned beer and wine for $5-6$ (I think they offer a cash bar most Friday nights).  We took the elevator up to the top floor and worked our way down. This type of art isn't my thing but I highly recommend that you go at least one to this cool museum for the experience. I loved the silver balloon exhibit!
4	Great museum with all 7 floors dedicated to the artist, native to Pittsburgh.I visited in 2012 and it seems quite a bit different than it did then so I like that a repeat visit will reveal something new to me.  I especially liked one change in particular -- a floor dedicated to his life as he grew up from report cards and pics of his youth all the way through his adulthood.  It was a very nice personal touch and small glimpse into his life.I missed seeing some of the pieces not on display -- I would have liked very much to see Marilyn Monroe,, Ali, and Jackie O pieces.Two pieces deserved eyerolls -- really, Andy?  You felt the need to use urine to create art?  really?  Whatev...definitely worth a visit.
3	I love this place! It doesn't change a whole lot, so it's not really somewhere I go all the time. I went one Friday for "free admission Friday" and the free admission apparently doesn't start until the afternoon/evening. So I ended up spending $40 to get in because I'd already paid $10 for parking. I guess the only recommendation I have is to have better publicity out for events like that. Last year I got the Carnegie museum yearly pass and this was free with that. I would recommend it much more if you don't have to pay!
5	Favorite museum in this doggone city. Check it out and become educated on on eof the greats in pop artistry. Was able to get into a small part of the mind of Warhol. Enjoyed it too much. Highly recommend. They also have cool exhibits one was flying silver balloon pillows. That was very fun and unusual, but that's what's so great about Warhol and this museum.
5	I think this may be my favorite museum of all time, and that's saying something -- I worked in the museum industry for five years, and studied Art History for another five. That's a decade of hardcore museum-going under my belt, folks -- you do the math. What I love about the Warhol is the thoughtfulness that they've clearly put into everything -- the lobby, the layout, the way in which you move throughout not only the museum but the space as a whole. We must have spent hours in there (mind you on a gloriously beautiful spring day), but I never once felt the need to rush through, skip over something or like I wanted to move on. In fact, I wanted to absorb every nugget of information and see every last article shared and displayed. Andy Warhol was a fascinating, giant talent of a man, and there is no better place to absorb his memory than here. From what I can tell, the museum is the entire building. You move from floor to floor and experience his life in chapters, unfolded in decades over the course of the journey. What this does is give you a glimpse of his personal development -- the first few floors are dedicated to his early life -- childhood, school days, etc. What i didn't know is how supportive and enthusiastic his immigrant parents were of his talent. I feel like we are so used to hearing about how artistic children were shunned or shamed in their early life for being different, but not Andy. His mother even drew along side him, and his father worked multiple jobs to ensure there was money for Andy's art college education before he passed. I found this incredibly moving and inspiring, as well. Look at how far children can go with the unconditional, unwavering support and enthusiasm of their parents. You see Andy grow from an ad illustrator to the infamous character in crazy wigs that we all know. But really, what this museum shows you is what a singular, special talent he was. There will never be another Andy Warhol, and this museum is an immensely educational, enjoyable and special place. It was definitely one of the highlights of my trip to Pittsburgh, and definitely of my museum-going career. Tickets are pricey -- $20 for entry, but you can be here all day, so it's well worth it. There's a small cafe on the ground level with tasty food and drinks, and the lobby is a lovely place to sprawl and relax while you prepare for or decompress from your journey into Andy's world.
5	Andy Warhol truly changed the world of art, almost single-handedly. This awesome attraction is my favorite winter destination. (It's great in Summer to, but then I'm at Kennywood instead.). Not that many people realize that Andy was from Pittsburgh, but it's wonderful that this amazing storehouse of his art is here
5	With a beautiful new remodel it's totally necessary for an updated review! It's no surprise I love this museum. I love Andy Warhol, I love his work and I love that he's from Pittsburgh!They've remodeled the museum so that you start at the top with Andy's earlier years and work down through his life and career. I don't know if somehow I missed it before, but I'd never seen many of the pictures and facts of his very early life and family growing up in Pittsburgh. It was so cool to see him as a child and learn about his whole family. I truly loved reading about how much his parents supported his artist talents.I also loved seeing more of his earlier works, when he was doing retail ads. I know I remember seeing some of this before at the museum, but maybe it wasn't as clearly marked and displayed as it is now.Of course there's still the classics, like the silver cloud room and the screen printed works that are a must see. I LOVE the new lobby with the silver colors and replica of the couch from his Factory days. Great photo opp!I like that the cafe is upstairs now, although it seems that they've cut down on options? But the gift shop is amazing! So much larger, with even more quirky selections. I'd come here just for the gift shop to buy a gift (or a little something for myself!). If you're visiting Pittsburgh this museum is a MUST. Although it is not for the faint of heart. Keep in mind there is some not so G rated materials aka I once checked out a very scandalous special exhibit here! But it really is a crown jewel in our fair city and should be visited by tourists and locals alike!
3	It's ok. I don't really get the Warhol mystique, but the museum is well gone and it was interesting
5	This place brings out all my favorite features of my ADHD.  There are things to touch, see, feel, experience, explore and hear.  You can sit on art.  You can watch videos.  You can make art.  You can learn about history.  You can stand in a room full of Mylar balloons blowing all around you.  You can learn all about how AW made art.  You can be in the exploding plastic inevitable!!!!!!My inner beagle is satisfied.
4	In the interest of full disclosure, I used to work here, and I was one of the unsmiling hipsters yelling at you to keep your grubby paws away from the art. Sorry about that--it costs money, man! Don't let it bother you--just know that we're as unhappy yelling at you as your are getting yelled at. When I come as a visitor, I also get yelled at so...what goes around comes around. That being said, I love visiting this museum. I'm kind of an Andy Warhol superfan, and I love the incredible amount of paraphernalia they have surrounding his life as well as his art. They've periodically had lectures and talks by some of Warhol's associates as well--I remember breathlessly waiting to see Brigid Berlin, his best friend and a very talented artist in her own right, speak at a lecture when I was in high school. The museum also has interesting rotating exhibits by contemporary artists, many of whom draw inspiration from Warhol's work. And they're opening Warhol's Time Capsules (fancy name for the cardboard boxes he used to keep various odds and ends in) now...I heard on NPR they found a mummified foot in one of them, so that's a...thing.I think there's a lot to keep kids interested here. Kids just seem to naturally be attracted to the bold colors and shapes of Pop Art. The Silver Balloons are a longtime favorite for children and adults alike, and there's the Saturday Factory in the basement, where volunteers teach Warhol's techniques, like silkscreening and blotted-line drawings, to young people. Make sure you stop in the basement and take photos in the vintage photobooth as well! Knocked off a star because it IS really expensive. The Carnegie museum system needs to sort out its admissions situation, because most modern museums throughout the world do NOT charge this kind of money. But I think this is a $20 museum, honestly. The cafe is great--if they still have the mushroom melt, I highly recommend it. Take some time after you visit the museum to walk along the Allegheny River and see the bones of the old Pittsburgh, with the repetitive golden images of saints in its churches and its corporate logos writ large on the sides of buildings, that inspired much of Warhol's work.
5	This was a must see in the city. A fantastic retrospective of his work and enough personal touches to give a sense of the man. Try the screen test for a fun experience. The velvet underground room was captivating.
5	I really enjoyed my time here even though I don't usually like museums and I certainly didn't understand art (especially pop art, whatever that still is). If you are a local student, you can use your ID for a free bus ride and free admission. Awesome! I think for students from other schools, admission is 1/2 off. I did see a parking lot right in front of the museum if you bring a car. You start at the 7th floor and work your way down. Since I don't know anything about pop art and minimal about Andy Warhol, I had more fun going through the timeline of his life.It was more interesting for me to go through his life and the events at that time (and how it influenced his art) more than the art works itself.I also enjoyed the time capsule room they had- there was one capsule (out of 60 or so) that was opened and organized, and it was really cool to see the people that sent him letters, invitations to social events, and even old memorabilia. Really cool.Also take some time to walk over the yellow Andy Warhol Bridge (7th Street Bridge) and enjoy the views of the river and bridges and the downtown buildings on the other side.
5	This museum is aces! They recently - as of 8/30/14 - rearranged the flow of the museum into a chronological order, starting from Warhol and his family's history at the top floor, down through his college years at Carnegie Institute, commercial art years in the 1950s, the 60s Pop Art that made him famous, through the silvery 70s and decadent 80s and beyond. Nice exhibit on The Velvet Underground too and also a signed record from Lou Reed to Andy (Coney Island Baby) that appears never to have been opened. Andy!!A gem of a museum that's really well curated and laid out.
5	I have visited this museum three times in the past ten years or so.  (I would probably go more often, but I am not from Pittsburgh.)  Each time I have gone I have completely enjoyed it.  My most recent visit was in August 2014, and it was the best time I had there yet.  The layout of the museum is chronological from the top floor down. I stayed for several hours, and would have stayed longer, but it was closing time.  It is worth making a trip to Pittsburgh, (a very pretty city, by the way) to see this museum and the university's Cathedral of Learning.
4	After living in Pittsburgh for four years, my husband and I finally visited The Andy Warhol Museum for the first time several weeks ago. I had enjoyed seeing his art in various museums from MoMA in NYC to the Hunter Museum of American Art in Chattanooga, so I felt that my expectations were high. I'm sad to say that I wasn't blown away by the collection. Only a few rooms of the museum held what I consider to be his iconic works of art. However, the museum did do a nice job of giving us a timeline of his life, from his early years in Pittsburgh and in art school to his later years rubbing shoulders with the rich and famous in New York. My favorite part of this museum experience - and the motivating factor to finally come visit after living here for four years - was the Halston and Warhol: Silver and Suede exhibition. Seeing Halston's iconic fashion designs - from the ultrasuede shirtdress and Jackie O's pillbox hat - paired up with Warhol's artwork was absolutely breathtaking. My recommendation is to keep an eye on the exhibitions and come visit when you find one that you absolutely can't miss.
2	I suppose I just don't get it.  Art. Pop Culture. Local Legend.The large museum is located just across the Andy Warhol Bridge (7th street) from downtown, with convenient parking available in a nearby lot across the street for $7.00.We went on a Friday night and took advantage of the 1/2 price admission.  It was $20 for two, instead of $40.  I'd be mad if I paid $40.As others have mentioned, you start on the 7th floor, and work your way down.There are some artsy folk who function as "security guards" on each level.  They essentially follow you around to make sure you don't touch? steal? break? something.  I found it especially annoying given that my wife and I look about as menacing as an unmasked Scooby-Doo mastermind tied up by rope.  We've been to some of the world's largest and best museums with priceless art displays everywhere and been watched less.Trust me, I'm not going to shove the Campbell's soup can picture down my pants.  The silver cloud balloons are safe.  The 50ft wide poster will not fit in my car.The majority of the freehand drawing and original artwork seemed weak to me.  Much of his work appears to be derivatives in many ways.  So perhaps it's a mashup of an advertising poster with artwork on top of it.  Or perhaps its a rubber stamp applied 150 times to a canvas. Or a film-clip video with each frame of a few second scene displayed on a print.  Or a gun photographed at two angles, and combined.The thing that bothers me here is that the majority of it is simply rearranging or combining media.  And yes, maybe THE METHODS for doing so were novel at the time.  But in today's world of very easy media manipulation, I think audiences are harder to impress.I'm more impressed by the Photoshop battles on reddit!Maybe I just don't get it.  I'll try to work on that. :)
5	I wasn't really a "fan" of Andy Warhol, and I confess I only really thought if him as soup cans and Marilyn Monroe. This museum is excellent! I am so glad that I decided to spend an afternoon here. It has a wonderful movie to begin the tour and I recommend you watch it, especially, if like me, you were needing some additional insight into Andy Warhol. It may be appreciate just how incredibly creative and innovative that he was. The museum starts chronologically on the top floor and each floor represents an era in his life. I have to say that I really loved this museum, and thoroughly enjoyed just getting lost in the art. There is a very good cafe allowing for a nice break after the exhibit. If you have children then check out the bottom floor where you can engage in some art work yourself.
4	The premise of this place just has to have been a Jeopardy! question and answer (or answer and question, rather) at some point in time:Answer: Located in the subject's native city of Pittsburgh, this building is the largest museum in the United States dedicated to a single artist.Question: What is The Andy Warhol Museum?And if somehow this clue has never made it onto the show, well then, you're welcome, Trebek.Now, disclaimers first. The only "problem" per se with dedicating an entire museum to such a famous artist is that it will naturally favor quantity over quality. Don't get me wrong - there are a ton of great, inspiring pieces here [13 Most Wanted Men, silkscreen Maos, Flowers, 11 Elvises (vs. the more famous Eight and Double variations), to name a few], and his early student work should not be dismissed. But the super iconic Warhol pieces are in other modern art museums around the world - your Campbell's Soup Cans at the MoMA in NYC, Marilyn Diptych owned by the Tate in the UK, Silver Car Crash (Double Disaster) in an unidentified collector's private home, and so on. This is pretty much the only knock you can make on this place, if it's even a knock at all - it should frankly be understood and expected that The Andy Warhol Museum simply can't contain all of Andy Warhol's works.But hey, they'll be damned if they don't try. Not only is the outpouring of art impressive, but so much of the space is dedicated to his personal life, the historical account of the artist as an individual, that it takes on stories of which those aforementioned institutions barely scrape the surface. Fun exhibits like the Silver Clouds room, a faux Factory screen test set-up, and reinterpretation of his NYC office from his later years would only make sense within such a deep dive into one man's cultural contribution to the world. To me, the most interesting chapter documented here is the round-the-world vacation Warhol took in the '50s. It's said he didn't bring a camera, only a sketchpad, so you get to see places like Hawaii and Tokyo and Angkor Wat through the perspective of his drawings vs. typical photographs. He was also a notorious hoarder, and the vintage travel brochures and souvenirs saved from said trip, now on display in glass cases, is a fascinating time capsule of sorts.When you arrive, it's suggested you start on the seventh floor (yeah, you read that right - seven floors) and work your way down, as that would allow you to follow a chronologically accurate timeline of Warhol's life. And that's where you realize this place is really more than a museum - it's essentially an interactive biography. And frankly, you don't have to be a Warholphile (admittedly, I'm not) to appreciate this place. History and art buffs alike should find this museum equally fascinating. Even the casually cultured lovebirds out there can make a date of it here, paired with a nice stroll across the Andy Warhol Bridge a block away (also known as the 7th St. Bridge) that spans the Allegheny River and offers beautiful views of Steel City. Whatever your reason, this unique, comprehensive, laser-focused tribute to one of America's most popular artists is a must-visit experience when in the 'Burgh.
5	Like everyone else I know about Andy Warhol (he made pop culture cool), but I never considered myself a fan (he brought the idea of 15 minutes of fame which, in one sense, brought on reality tv, blah). Going through the Andy Warhol Museum gave me a great appreciation of his contribution to art, his development as an artist, and the various medium he used to create art. Much like the Picasso museum in Paris, it provided a chronology of the artist and his work at a young age and how he created art not seen before. This museum was particularly interesting because there were art pieces that you could participate in (i.e. Silver Clouds) or have an opportunity to try/experience the art techniques he applied (silk screening, 5 minute self-video that the museum will email to you). There is also a book and video library that you can look further into his works. There is something to see or do on all seven floors of the museum. Best of all you can make your own gift either through a silk screen or from the old style photo booth. Highly recommended!
5	So, I finally got to the Andy Warhol Museum (10/25), took a bit to find it as with all the city's detours (seriously Pittsburgh?) But after going over the Andy Warhol Bridge we get there and parking was close (across the street $7). The clerk at check-in was great, I forgot my student ID and offered to bring it up on my cell, but he took my word and charged me the student rate ($10 f/non-PA residents too) THANKS! We started at the 4th level and worked our way up (7th floor) and then down. Damn, so much information on the genius that was Andy, his family, early life, and influences from his films and videos to his archives. If you don't have time for each level at least take some time in the Silver Clouds Room -- absolutely great and take a gander of his 1960s picture created from press photographs (can't remember its title) of a car burning and the driver who was impaled from it hanging from a pole...definitely subject for some social commentary. Before you leave stop in the gift shop, it's worth it! (I purchased some mug shot photos; yeah, yeah don't know why but I had to :))Great museum and a must see if you're ever in the Pittsburgh area.
4	It may be a sin to say this in Pittsburgh, but I am not a big Warhol fan.  I do like some of his iconic works like the Soup Cans, but for the most part, his stuff is a bit edgy for me.  That being said, I have a Carnegie museum membership so I took advantage and wandered in for a visit.I like that the museum is laid out chronologically.  You start at the top floor where you learn about Warhol's early life (and life in Pittsburgh) and as you descent back to the ground floor, you travel through the decades. When I visited, there was a special exhibit on the second floor which was very interesting.  It was about an exhibit that was commissioned for the World's Fair and then painted over because of controversy.  Fascinating information and ties into the leaders of the time.Of course, one of the favorites is the cloud room because it is so different than any other museum experience.  What I didn't like about the museum was the constant feeling that I was being watched.  It seemed like their was an inordinate amount of security/staff on every floor that were watching your every move.  They didn't greet you or interact, just sort of stared you down.  My phone buzzed and I pulled it out to see what it was and they quickly pounced to tell me that no photography was allowed in the museum.  They were also dressed in street clothes instead of the usual security guard uniform.  It just made me uncomfortable.The cafe has a very limited and pricey menu, but that is to be expected with any museum cafe.  The gift shop, though, has an incredible selection of anything and everything Warhol related that you might want, even bugaboo strollers.  Overall, an enjoyable experience and a very interesting place and worth the visit.
4	Solid museum with a cool layout. You start on the top floor and work your way down. There's a ton of iconic Warhol works and artifacts. The gift shop was top notch and there's an informative film playing on a loop at the end of the tour. My favorite was the room with the fan and the floating silver balloons. It's a must if you're in Pittsburgh.
5	The Andy Warhol Museum is an incredible gift from The Andy family to our city ! Not only does it have incredible exhibits but it has beautiful gardens , amazing views and a really beautiful setting for enjoying and relaxing on the west side ! On a clear day you can see for miles and it is spectacular !! It's a must for everyone!
5	Awesome view, terrific art and displays. Great building with fountains and gardens. Food choices for everyone. For those that like salads I would highly recommend skipping it this time, not good at all.
5	If you never go inside to look at the art collections, it is still worth the trip to view The Andy Warhol Museum buildings.The whole family will love the tram ride up to the Museum. The modern, clean lines and outdoor sculptures are beautiful. The views are spectacular. Once inside, the collections are priceless and special exhibits are often found. Stay for a bite to eat and watch the sunset for a memorable visit.
5	From the moment the tram starts to move, you are transported and not just literally. The Andy Warhol Museum is many things. I've gone for great exhibits, a picnic in the garden with my daughter, or to just to wander around enjoying the view and to breathe the fresh air. If you visit Pittsburgh, don't miss the opportunity to see this wonderful place. I live here and keep going back. Must see!
5	I could spend days wandering at The Andy Warhol Museum, there's so much to look at AND it's just an all around beautiful facility with amazing views. I will definitely be back the next time I have some free time in PA. Food is a little pricey for what it is - make sure to eat before you go. Nobody wants to pay $14 for a mediocre salad (that's my only complaint).
5	Loved this.  Had no idea that this was in the area, so when driving around, I saw the sign.  I knew that I had to come here before leaving Pittsburgh, and I am glad that we did! We've seen exhibits at the MoMa in NYC, but to be able to come to a museum dedicated entirely to Andy Warhol, it was truly a treat! Lots of interesting information about everything he went through, from his family, his lifestyle, how much he influenced film and art. Cloud Room - fun, try it!nice to see his perspective when going around the world.  back then, no one what selfies were.  What he had though, was his ability to draw and to see what he saw on sketchpads on his vacations was a real treat.  Great place to visit if you are in the area, plan to spend about 2-3 hours at the very least.  There are a number of paid lots for parking that surround the museum.
3	3 stars only because very expensive as normally  $20 per person! TIP...go on a Friday if you can for half price....that's worth the price I think.Bar inside which was nice which wasn't over priced.
5	One of the best locations on the planet, houses an amazing collection of classic greek and roman antiquities
