1	drive through is horrible customer service..
3	As many times as I eat at a Subway restaurant this place isn't that bad. Nothing fantastic. I have never done the drive thru. It is easy to tell that the person making your sandwich doesn't care about what he/she does. So, a quick in and out works great. I never eat in the store. Just get it and leave.
2	They raised their prices again bah hah.  And when they send coupons out now they are only for 6" inch sandwich and still give less meat then port of subs.
3	Its cool.. 24hr drive-thru tho lol
3	Subway is and always will be a less than classy establishment because of what it is, and that's an overpriced sandwich factory filled with depressed workers who would rather be somewhere else. The silver lining comes when they offer a $5 footlong month and the air of overpriced bullshit goes out the window. Add in a 24 hour drive through and this location barely grazes 3 star status. Congrats Subway, you finally punched your ticket to mediocrity.
1	Yes, it is a 24 hr (at least through the narrow, dark, alleyway drive-thru) Subway. No, I would not go there if I were you. I have been there a couple of times or thrice at most; always through the drive-thru. And the last time will always remain the last time. Reason being that I was food-poisoned with a foot-long tuna on wheat. No question it was the Subway on Cheyenne/Rainbow and not something else. Come here at your own risk. I would not advise it. - E
4	At midnight when you are hungry nothing is better than subways.  The guy was fast and polite...
2	The chicken tastes blandfully artificial, but what should one expect from Subway anyway?
5	Ok... we all know that subway is just a sandwich place..nothing fancy...but this review is mainly for the SUPERB OUTSTANDING SERVICE.  It was almost 9:25 and the dining room closes at 10. Then it is only drive thru.  Anyway there were ALOT of people in there and only one employee..Carrie was her name..and she did an amazing job making everyones order..and doing drive thru with soooooo much efficiency And a great attitude that nobody seemed to mind the lengthy wait.  I know it is fastfood but this employee should be recognized and rewarded  for being an invaluable asset to them.  She really was that good.I hope that subway takes the time to read this and realizes what an asset they have in CARRIE!!!!!!
