1	The same tasteless soggy disgusting 3rd world mess you get at every other Panda Express featuring the same "rubber beef" and elastic mystery chicken pieces. Great thing about their chicken is that you can chew it for days without it breaking down and you don't feel too bad about eating an animal since no chicken shape ever served at Panda Express resembles any part of an actual chicken.There are not words to fully describe how much this place, and the "food" they serve sucks. I cringe when I see the huddled masses in line to purchase it. I think every time... have any of you ever tasted chinese food? Anyone? The irony is that there used to be a fantastic chinese/thai restaurant in the same shopping center that was bought out and changed around. That place would be 1/2 empty while panda express would have long lines. Sometimes the world makes no sense.The food served here (and any other Panda Express) would be more at home being served by Joe Rogan during an excruciatingly disgusting portion of "Fear Factor". Avoid at all costs.
5	Not really sure why the first review of this was so negative as it sounded like a general hatred for Panda Express, not this location... Oh, well.I've been here several times and each time I receive over-the-top customer service.  Stand-alone Panda Express establishments don't even come close to the energy and helpfulness of this one inside Vons.One REALLY great point -- towards closing time / after closing time they run specials on their food, like buy one get one free.  This is FABULOUS if you're a leftovers person like I am.  I've literally had 3 full meals for $7 because of this special.  Since the grocery part is 24 hours and they are not, it allows them to announce these over the intercom to current Vons patrons.  Genius.The food?  It's Panda Express.  It's pretty fresh.  And it's pretty darn tasty.  Is it P.F. Chang's? No, but it IS a fraction of the price and very convenient.
3	Ordered a one entree meal. Fried rice and lo mein, with orange chicken. I've been craving orange chicken since being pregnant.  Was disappointed to come home and find that the orange chicken was way to spicy! I could see pepper seeds all over it. It was like orange Kung pao chicken. It was pretty disappointing since I'd been craving it and knew if I kept eating it spicy it'd give me a stomach ache. Also we got mostly cabbage and hardly any noodles in our lo mein.  This was not the Panda Express I'm used to and love.
