3	If you asked me to review Carvel 2 years ago, 5 stars through and through. Last year, a solid 4. This year, a three, three and a half. Let's take the Carvelanche, for example. I love it. 2 years ago, it would be doused in toppings and huge. Now it's smaller and has probably half the toppings. It feels like I'm getting cheated every time I go there. For about the same price, I can load my tcby up with toppings and it tastes close enough to the same. Service is fine, it wasn't fantastic, but it's never bad. I would definitely go to tcby for a healthier, just as good option.
5	I've had a life-long love affair with Carvel. My husband makes it a point to find the closest shop in whatever city we live in and it's thanks to him I even knew this one existed. This is the only Carvel shop in Charlotte! We stopped in last month to pick up a birthday ice cream cake for me and decided we'd get a little treat to eat while we were there. The manager came out from behind the counter to greet us and and no problem joining in our silliness. I let my husband decide what to have written on the cake and the manager happily obliged even though it was a LOT to fit on a Lil' Lov cake. One of the other ladies working behind the counter was also full of smiles and shared a few good laughs with us. I would make the drive to this shop just because it's Carvel but knowing there is a staff that is genuinely happy to be there makes it even sweeter!
1	High end Ice cream store can't even do a dip cone at 8:15 oh well heading to McDonalds...
1	I have always loved Carvel ice cream cakes since I was a kid, where I grew up you could only find them in grocery stores.  I was so excited to see a coupon in the south charlotte Ballentyne magazine for an actual Carvel ice cream store since these are my favorite cakes!  I took the coupon for buy 1 at regular ptice get 1 for 99 cents, since it was an amazing deal I went the same night I received the coupon.  When I went to cash out the young girl got a huge attitude with me, told me that it would be stupid to have a special that inexpensive for a cake and that I should have called first to see if i could use it?  I was able to use a coupon at Nothing Bunt Cakes for a Free cake with no purchase!  I get if it was a printing error,  if they would have treated me kindly and explained it was a mistake instead of insulting my intelligence for trying to use it then I wouldn't even be upset.  I showed her the coupon with pictures of nothing but Ice cream cakes on it. She told me it was for an ice cream cone, but No where on this coupon did it mention or show any pics of any  ice cream cone.  She continued to insult me for trying to use the coupon so I just baught the cake any way, all ready embarrassed from how she was speaking to me I just wanted to get out of the store.  Then to top it off as soon as I got home first thing I did was cut me a slice and it was frost bit on the sides!!!  I do not think this place will stay in business much longer,  WORST management I've seen in a long time.    I will stick to the Carvel cakes at Harris Teeter!
