3	As a sushi "beginner" I can tell that I like this place. The food is good and they have a huge diversity. It's basically a buffet where you can order off a menu as many times as you want, anything you want. They even have a small conveyor belt that goes around the restaurant with small plates of sushi, desserts etc.. Pretty cool if you ask me. 2 big cons for which I chose to give this only 3 stars: PRICE. I went twice in the weekend and in the evening and I paid 70$ for 2 people. All you can eat..but still.. you can find cheaper places. I think they have a different price during the week.SERVICE: waitresses seem to forget when you ask for an extra fork, glass of water etc..and they seem not to enjoy working there too much.. Overall a good place to eat.
1	this place is really not good at all, probably one of the worst all you can eat sushi restaurants that I have been to. Really not worth the price for what you are getting, not to mention that they don't even include any type of dessert on the menu or even green tea. Way too many extra charges and small bland portions.I won't be returning
3	I've been here a few times. There are a variety of dishes to choose from  - sushi, makis, sashimi, teriyaki type dishes, tempura, soups, etc, which makes it a good choice for people who want to try different things.  You can eat a la carte (for lunch, I'm not sure about dinner time) or all you can eat ($17 for lunch, closer to $30 weekend nights).  Not all items are available on the lunch menu, however (seaweed salad, for example).  The makis are okay/good for an all you can eat place, which I think tend to be held to lower standards than a la carte sushi restaurants.  They wouldn't fly at an upscale sushi place, but we come here to pig out :P  Sometimes the flavours seem to have melded a bit (from being made a bit in advance?), but they're okay regardless.  The vegetarian maki with the pickled radish is pretty good, as are the california roll and the spicy salmon roll.  There are many more sushi/maki options available for dinner. A word of caution: don't order scallops from the wrong part of the menu.  And don't accidentally order six of them. You will be served giant raw scallops. Gulp. With a $1 charge for every piece left behind. From the kitchen menu, the edamame beans are always a hit, and the general tao (yes, at a sushi place!) is pretty good, as are the teriyaki beef and chicken.  The tempura shrimp are nice and crispy.  I found the squid tentacles to be over cooked and charred, but the body (not offered during lunch) is good.    Service tends to better at lunch hour than at dinner, when there is less clientele.  If you're in the area and want to chow down lots of food, check it out.  But it isn't wow-worthy.
3	Sushi is ok. Kitchen menu is way better.
4	I went there last weekend with my boyfriend. We were quite happy and excited to see that this restaurant had a rail conveying sushis to tables. We took the all you can eat combo. We ate so much sushi! they were very good and fresh and the service was excellent. The ambiance is also very quiet and relaxing. The only down side to this restaurant is the price. We payed 80$ (Saturday night for both of us). However, I will definitely come back for the yummy sushis!
4	Great concept. Lots of sushi to choose from and a great selection of non sushi items as well.I love the conveyor that brings other random sushi around. Although I ordered from the menu mostly, the conveyor allows you to see and try some types of sushi that I may not have known about before.A bit pricey, as it was a bit more expensive than most all you can eat places. Although I won't go too often for that reason, I still think its worth trying.
1	Worst sushi place in Montreal, period. Not only is the food horrible, but the service is bad, and the management is even worse. The last time we went, we were so upset with the service (we were there for over 2 hours on an empty Saturday for lunch!), and left the minimum tip of 15%. The manager CALLED US BACK on the way out angrily saying that 15% is not acceptable, and that we HAVE to put at least 20%. I was shocked and appalled and then had to explain to her that the food was horrendous and that the service was practically nonexistent, so the 15% we left was already more than anyone in their right mind would have left. Ugh, how rude.
3	This place is pretty much one of the regular spots that my sister and I like to get together with friends. We make sure to get a booth by the conveyor belt, and then order as much as we think we can consume. I think that between 4 of us we got so much stuff, it's not surprising that we walked out with food babies. It's not the most creative place, and it's not the highest quality, but you can stuff yourself silly with a variety of items. In NY you can't really find sashimi when you have AYCE sushi in a lot of places, so I can happily get a few types here, which eases the guilt on over-eating. The warm foods come in really small portions, so remember that when ordering.
3	I found it a little too pricey for an all you can eat sushi place.  The cost was $30 per person which from my experience is one of the more expensive all you can eat sushi places.  The service was slow and the food was okay but nothing to write home about..
3	I've never been to a restaurant before that had a train of sushi pass by your table every few seconds, and all you had to do was grab the plate you wanted. If sushi is not your thing, or if you want a more specialized sushi item that doesn't appear on the train, you can order it on the extensive all-you-can-eat menu.Pros: Convenient location, the service was friendly, and the food arrived fast. Portion sizes are just right, and you can always order more if you want. The only place I've seen dessert sushi.Cons: The price is quite high, even for a sushi-bar. The sushi train only works if people sitting at the other tables don't scoop up all of the items before it arrives to you. And also some items were missing from our order, so we had to order them again.All in all a decent experience, and I would return again for a special occasion, but probably couldn't afford going here on a regular basis.
1	All you can eat but served to you.  Tea not included..  They took too long to seat us even when it wasn't busy I had to ask to be seated 3x.  We also called in reservations...retardo!  Too much rice on the maki rolls.  They didn't really check on us.  We had to ask for water a couple of times, wasbi, and soy sauce.  I don't really like to come here but friends wanted to meet and that is why we suggested not to come..bc of bad service.  I'm just sayin.. annoying!
1	traveled to Montreal with my friend. The sashimi tastes UNFRESH at all. If compared to any sushi AYCE in Toronto, I won't give any star to it... My only tips is..Just don't go there!
2	I would recommend this restaurant for late munchies, if you're craving sushis at night and everything else is already closed.Sushis and sashimis combos were ok. Nothing special here, just fine. When you buy 2 of these, 2nd is 50% off. Service was pretty good, maybe because it was so late restaurant was empty.
3	It's an all you can eat sushi bar with an interesting marry go round of sushi available if you get the all you can eat. It's decent quality, for the price. The environment is nice, very spacious and fancy. I would recommend this restaurant for those looking for sushi in downtown mtl
4	Very nice! And they have actual wasabi, not that fake stuff that MOST places in Montreal carry. The 'Beauty' roll is delicious, crisp, and refreshing (it's wrapped in sliced cucumber). Between ordering and being served, the wait time is pretty short. The servers are quite helpful and attentive. This establishment also has one of the better miso soups I've had in Montreal so far as well. Finally, it's quite inexpensive to go the 'all you can eat' route (the wait time for their regular menu can be a bit lengthy). Definitely worth a visit!
5	I've been here a bunch of times. It's very modern, and clean. Has a very cool conveyer belt that brings the sushi to you straight from the kitchen, if you're sitting in a booth. The sushi is really good, especially the Dragon Eye(Or tiger Eye). They also have this desert sushi that is really good. I recommend it for a night out with friends for a nice experience in downtown Montreal.
1	Conveyor belt is cool- that's a bout itThe sushi is not freshPoor service - no one speaks English wellThe price is high for the quality , I would not go back. There are many other better quality sushi places in Montreal ..Tri express or sushi yukaii ..
