5	Quite a few friends recommended Cafe to me and It did worth trying.I bought a cup of Pumpkin Latte and it is definitely greater than the same product of Starbucks across the street.Vanilla Latte is less sweet and might be better. And Mocha is recommended as well.The price is similar to Starbucks. But it is a pity there are not many kinds of food we can choose from.
2	Not a fan. I wanted to be. But wow, I'm underwhelmed. I always preferred Caribou to the nearby Starbucks, so I'm very familiar with the space that Peet's now occupies. The interior designers sure did a make-under of this space. What once felt like a warm and inviting space to sit and stay awhile, now feels sparse and sterile and has way less seating. I'd say the seating was cut in half, which seems silly considering Peet's is located on a college campus. They do offer free wifi, which although standard at most coffee places anymore, I think it's worth mentioning that the connection seemed pretty fast. Which is the only reason this is more than a one star review.I ordered a chai latte (I don't drink coffee). This was the worst chai latte of my life. It tasted so watery with hardly a hint of chai flavor or sweetness. It was almost bitter. What is this thing? Is there somebody out there that thinks this actually tastes good? I think you'd be hard pressed to find someone who enjoys this flavor. And I'm not a total snob about this kind of stuff. Heck, I even buy the chai latte k-cups that taste overpoweringly like artificial sweetener. That would have been 100 times better than what I had today. I threw more than half of it away. Undrinkable. What a waste of money. My wife felt the same way about her vanilla latte. We also tried a piece of banana bread and a pumpkin scone and both were dry and not worth the calories! If I'm indulging on a baked good I want it to be just that. Good. And these didn't deliver on any level. I can't imagine any circumstance where we'd ever come back to Peet's. Cross the street to Starbucks!
1	My review may be biased because I used to frequent the Caribou's that used to be here but I am so disappointed in the horrible changes made.  First the prices are higher and the seating is more sparse so it's hard to find a seat.  They completely redid the atmosphere so it's less cozy now with more of a sterile stark feeling, and they took the fireplace away, which I don't understand why :(  I used to love going to work in that area.  Peet's also has far fewer food options than Caribou.  I used to love Caribou's breakfast sandwiches but now all they have is pastries or oatmeal, similar to the Starbuck's offerings across the street.  The coffee is overpriced and not that good.  They had some fun Winter varieties but you can go to Starbucks for that for the same prices.  I prefer black coffee and that was definitely superior at Caribou.  Also their iced coffee is awful.  Caribou did a cold press which was delicious and flavorful, but Peet's just chills old stale coffee.  Not happy at all about this change, especially since I'm not a fan of Starbucks and now those are the only two options around that part of Oakland :(UPDATE:You'll note that the owner commented below and I responded to that email as they requested, but never received a response! Seems to be just for show. I was hoping to add more stars to this review over time, but I've continued to have problems on other visits there with them being out of things.  Recently THEIR ESPRESSO MACHINE WAS BROKEN FOR DAYS!.  Seriously, how can you run a coffee shop that focuses on espresso drinks and have it be broken for days??! If I owned a coffee shop and my espresso machine was broken I would immediately go buy or borrow a backup.  Even a smaller one would be better than nothing for days. I've seen people walking out the door as result.  Most people come to Peet's for their espresso drinks so this is just ridiculous.  I miss Caribou.
2	Went there, had a coffee that tasted little better than instant coffee and a mocha that was quite lackluster. This place simply is not very good.
1	Given... The coffee is okay. Not amazing. But you'll get a solid cup of coffee HOWEVER the set up is awful. As a University of Pittsburgh student I like to head to coffee shops to relax and do homework. This place is not "homey," nor a relaxing place to do homework. A coffee venue has more to do with just the products it sells, another key aspect is environment. The environment of this place gets a 0 out of 5. I have given them a star because of the cup of coffee that woke me up one morning.
4	I've just relocated to Pittsburgh from Chicago last week and to my amusement, Peet's is popular in this area. I had a Mocha with almond milk. The almond milk substitute is unavailable at many coffee shops around here and I am glad that They have it here. I would def be back to try their many other offerings.
5	I really enjoyed Peet's coffee.  I was actually headed to Starbucks when an employee from Peet's started talking to me outside of the coffee shop.  They were handing out free samples of drinks and snacks.  The employee, Mary Lou told me all about the company and special offers that were going on this week.I went in, had a great cup of coffee and some awesome snacks.  The prices were reasonable, the staff was friendly and the atmosphere was welcoming.  I enjoyed the live music they had playing.
3	In all honesty, I didn't even notice a difference between this and the Caribou Coffee that was here a few years ago. This location is simply serviceable to everyone's morning coffee needs in Oakland. The coffee is par, the building is pretty nice, the prices are high on average. They don't have many outlets for students' studying needs.
5	I really enjoy this place! I'm new to town and beginning school in the fall - I was looking around for a place to do a little online work and happened to stumble upon Peets. I found the atmosphere to be great while I was here and the coffee good! I drink just black coffee so I don't have much of an opinion on specialty drinks. The internet was fast and the staff super friendly. I will definitely be coming back during the school year to get things done/enjoy a nice cup of coffee!
4	I stopped in at Peet's for the first time on Labor Day. It wasn't super crowded since I guess it's not a major studying time yet and it was a beautiful day. I used to be a frequenter of Caribou when it was in this location, but I hadn't been back to Pittsburgh in the past year or so since I graduated and I was surprised to see the change. I stopped by to check it out, and I was even more surprised to see that not much was different except this place lacked the distinct coziness that caribou had. Peet's does feel newer and sleeker, but it felt kind of Starbucks-y to me which is what I was kind of hoping to avoid! No matter!I ordered one of their iced teas (mango, I think), and it was very refreshing and a refreshingly good price. My friend ordered a latte, which she enjoyed as well. The service was very quick, and the baristas were very friendly.There are a variety of sizes of tables, which is a nice perk, so it's good for studying alone at a smaller table, of catching up with a bigger group of friends, or even reading in a chair by the fire less fireplace.There are a lot of good things about Peet's, but I definitely missed Caribou's charm. I'd still pick it over the Starbucks across the street any day!
3	Stopped here for a coffee the other day and while the staff was friendly the coffee was a bit lacking. I ordered a pumpkin latte. Yes I jumped on that band wagon. This specific pumpkin latte I found lacking in pumpkin flavor. I was hoping it would be stronger then what it was. The location itself is nice. Not a ton of seating and the seating they do have is pretty generic. They do have some pastries but nothing really stood out to me. I feel I would have suppressed my pumpkin coffee craving more if I would have gone across the street to SB.
3	So happy to see a Peets in Pittsburgh. My first taste of it was in Boston and I fell in love :) Unfortunately I was disappointed when I got my hot chocolate ... It didn't taste like the ones I had in Boston ... I think the barista didn't mix the chocolate right... Another downer is the parking... this coffee shop is best for the university students and those who work near it because parking is limited.,.Other than that ... The interior was very spacious, colorful and warm... Good for those who need to study or chat wit friends Hoping the other Peets in Pittsburgh will do a better job and be consistent with the drinks
