5	Friendly staff, great coffee, relaxed vibe.Vegan/vegetarian friendly. Cool art on the walls.
3	Great coffee. Food is average. Good place to read a book.
4	Haven't had a chance to try the food yet, but I had a nice, frothy cappuccino here. They've nailed the cafe ambience with a good amount of seating and great artwork, plus I hear they have wifi, which is a big plus! Will definitely be coming back.
4	Shaika is an excellent place to get some work done, see some live music, or make a new friend. It sort of depends on where you sit and how much you look around. The coffee is by Santropol, so you can feel good about drinking it, and it's very consistent. The staff range from cooler-than-you-hipster to just plain nice, but they're all easy to get a smile out of.The live music is usually good, plus they have slam poetry nights and jams. The crowd, however, can be a bit rude.Excellent food, albeit kinda pricey.
4	I don't come here enough. This is everything that makes Montreal warm and fun and the park across the street adds so much pleasure to the already creative energy. I made a few sweet business deals here and some pleasure-filled romantic relaxation times and work sessions.
4	Love Shaika! Such a great atmosphere and really amazing staff!Went last night and had the Harvard sandwich with ham, guacamole, cheese, onion and it was so delicious!There was a live band which was really nice. I will be going back again soon!
4	This has slowly become a second home to me in the last few months since it's my HQ for design tutorials. So qualifications for good second home material:Free WIFI: checkComfortable seating: checkElectrical Outlets a'plenty: checkFeatured artists and art on the wall: checkAwesome Staff: Double checkDelicious Sandwich Selection: CheckOpen past 9pm: CheckCoffee? OH YEAAHOn top of all this, they have cool shows from time to time, and super nice of the staff to bring food to your table for ya. Also for the vegans/veggies out there, they don't leave you out here.
4	Shaika Cafe has an amazing community vibe complete with Gallery and event space inside and a patio with a view out. The staff are always amazing and there's so much to see and do whether you're in or out making it a great place to spend your afternoon. Food is spot on, healthy with lots of Veggie options and always extremely fresh. If you are looking for an interesting space to get some work done, Shaika is great for that as well, its generally quiet without feeling constrictive although quiet thankfully quits when the live music starts (some evenings). Service is efficient and always with a smile. :)
4	I love Shaika for their comfortable chairs, the choice of drinks, the mix of people who hang out there, the seating capacity,the numerous electronic outlets, the decorated walls of local art and the events that they host. It's a very homey type of cafe which is the type I gravitate towards. Just look for the string lights outside if you're looking for this place at night. Just as a warning: If your intention is to get work done, it can get quite loud in the evening when they have events, so I'd recommend bringing your headphones.
2	The foods not all that great. I mean its o.k. The staff are a little strange I must say..not rude..but a little strange.The people that go there are o.k. They have live music some good some crap.
4	Intimate place that still offers spacious seating.. Great grub and perfectly creamy chai lattes. Used to frequent for their live music nights, great spot for studying or meeting for coffee.
