4	Hotdogs and Headline News on TV?  I'm there!Their gyros, chicken tenders... brats.... daily specials are good too.Things I've Tried:All of the Daily Specials - All tasty and what you'd expect.Gyros - Pretty good.  The pitas are grilled instead of just warmed.Chicken Tenders - What you'd expect.
4	i'm personally not a huge hot dog fan so going to a place called "wonderdogs" would usually not end well.  however, this place has great burgers too - the ingredients are fresh and the prices are very reasonable.  to top it off, the owner is a nice guy.  i once accidentally showed up without my wallet and he was willing to take an IOU.  now that's good service :)
5	Delicious hot dogs.The Wednesday special is great, Chicago dog, fries and drink for less than 5 bucks.Service is decently fast and the dude that owns the place seems cool, although some people think hes rude, I think hes cool just for owning such an establishment.
5	The only place I'd like to have hot dogs is in here! I guess by now I must have tried all their daily specials, which are around $5 including a drink, and all are very tasty. The owner is a friendly guy and every time I go there we have a small 2 minute chit chat. And yeah, you can get a glimpse of CNN headlines while there. The place itself is not very fancy, but the quality of the food makes up for it easily. I don't think you can call it waiter service, but if you decide to eat in there, after you order and pay for your food someone will bring your hot dog at your table. But you have to clean after yourself.they don't accept credit card for charges below $10, so prepare to have some cash at hand (or pay $0.50 extra for charges below $10).
4	Surprisingly good. The owner is very intense while cooking, so it is not as fast as fast food, but he cooks things well. The fries have a good crunch and even though the bratwurst I got wasn't top quality, it was cooked so well that it still tasted good. You have no idea how often I have some artisan sausage at a restaurant that is ruined by improper cooking. I'll have to come back to try the rest of the menu. It has everything from frozen cheesecake on a stick to tamales to gyros. I never would have guessed since this place looks pretty average.
5	This place is great- the owner is the nicest guy as well.It's a little hole in the wall place, that if you aren't from champaign, you prolly would just walk past and think nothing of.  But everything in here is great, from hot dogs to chicken to fries to salad. Cheap too. Great lunch stop.
4	I came here 1-2 times a week for a semester. Probably not the healthiest option, but it was one of the most delicious!Always go for the special of the day as it comes with the dog of the day, fresh fries (or potato salad), and a small drink.My favorites are the Vienna footlong and Italian. All dogs are nicely grilled, juicy, and topped with an awesome assortment of toppings (if you're not from Chicago like me). The polish is really mediocre though. The fries are THE best part. Burning hot fresh, and you can shake your own salt and pepper at the sit down tables.The owner may seem mean, but he is one cool guy. One time I forgot my credit card, and he let me pay it back the next time I went. I also phone in orders all the time now that I don't have a break between class and work.He only accepts VISA or MasterCard. And even then, there is a 25 cent charge.P.S. Ask for extra sport peppers!
5	The best Chicago-style hotdog in Champaign / Urbana I've found even though it is broiled and not steamed (and no poppy seed bun).  But somehow the cook (who owns the place) can pull it off!  Great food, and a great price.  This is a UofI institution!
4	It sounds like people are upset because of no sesame seed buns.  Well, good news.  I went in today, Tuesday, for the Polish special and it came on a huge, tasty sesame seed laden bun.  Yum.  They've also switched peppers.  Instead of the old banana peppers, they're now using these small green jalapeno-esque peppers that are quite a bit hotter.  Be aware if you don't want any kick!  Fries are freaking awesome as always, hot and crisp.  Been coming here since 2004 now and while the owner seems a little grumpy, I think it is just because he is very intense and trying to keep quality and service maximized.  He runs a great place with pride that many eateries lack.
5	the food is delicious, cheap and the place is off of wright and green. it's the perfect lunch place. especially if you are tired of the overpriced crap in the union's basement. i've tried everything but id have to say that the fish sandwich is my fav. btw, the owner has always been nice to me...
2	A reasonable place for decent food at a cheap price. Something about the ambiance of the place puts me off though. This place is more of a quick lunch place so it shouldnt really matter how nice the place is or not - but the dreary atmosphere discourages me to go here. The person running the place is somewhat cold and rude, thats something I rather avoid.
3	Probably the most reasonable lunch deal in the Green Street area.  Everything is served in those red plastic baskets, which probably tells you enough about this place.  As a student, I eat lunch at Wonderdogs when I'm in a rush because: (1) the store's less than 5 minutes from the Quad, (2) the food's always made super fast and super hot, and (3) hot dogs are cheap.The menu has items other that hot dogs, but I've been always stuck faithfully to the dog deal of the day.  My friend claims that gyros here are the best (even better than Zorba's).  While there are many options in terms of bread-and-meat entrees, the best part of any meal are the fries, which are never slimy and soggy.  I can barely handle the pickled hot peppers, but I still get them every time.  Honestly, there's not much here that can go wrong (as far as I can tell, everything's made by grill or deep-fryer), so you're guaranteed a satisfying lunch, though it won't necessarily be the best meal of your life.I'm always amused by the cast of characters who work at Wonderdogs.  The owner (an old, slouchy guy) isn't entirely concerned with the customer service part of business.  He mutters when taking your order, and I say "yes" to all of his questions because I can't make out most of his words.  Still, I find his grumpiness endearing; I envision him as the kind of guy who'd run a shop in a larger, filthier city.  The owner is usually accompanied by 2 other guys, who seem to be there more for company than employment.  One stands by the grill and the other by the register, but they're rarely involved in any tasks that could be considered work.
4	I effing love wonderdogs.  It's a bit of a hole in the wall place loving cared for by a family team that serve you delicious, delicious hot dogs regularly with a smile.  On top of that, the food is fast, cheap, and delicious.  I tried my first Chicago style hot dog here, and found myself surprisingly delighted by the excessive vegetation.My other grad friends and I love this place so much that we've formed a ridiculous HDC (Hot Dog Club) to celebrate the joys of the frankfurter on Fridays.  Where else should one go but Wonderdogs?  I personally enjoy a marvelous Wonderdog itself--which is a chili cheese dog, no frills--with a side of fries.  It's a great, quick lunch, and it brings a smile to my face every time.Thanks Wonderdogs, for putting up with ridiculous, hungry graduate students. :)
4	Oh man, someone get this girl a hotdog. I have not had one since I moved to Champaign. I am from the Chicago area, and a good Chicago style hot dog is hard to find down here. I went to Wonderdogs the other day for their Wednesday special: Hot dog, fries, and a drink for $5. Not bad. The hotdog was not nearly as good as the ones in the city, but it will do while I'm living down here for a year. AND I am a weirdo who hates seeds on my bun. So I was very happy to see my hotdog resting in a seedless bun.  Plus, the guy behind the counter was super nice. Overall if you're on campus, I recommend trying Wonderdogs.
4	I went there for lunch yesterday, and everything was pretty on-par for a cheap hot dog joint.  I ordered a wonderdog with fries, and the man taking my order could tell I had never been there before, because he said, "That comes with everything, plus chili and cheese.  Is that ok?"  Even though it clearly said that on the menu, that wasn't what I actually wanted, so I gave up and said, "Can I just have everything that's normally on a Chicago dog?"  He smiled and started making my dog.  So kudos to him for being accomodating.  Both he and the woman working there at the time were very polite.  A couple of regulars came in while I was eating, and they took the time to ask them how they had been doing.The dog itself was pretty good.  Perhaps not the best I've ever had, but the bun was soft, all of the ingredients were there, and the fries were cooked perfectly.  And they ask you to have a seat and walk it out to you.  Awesome.
5	Easily the best Gyro in town. The pita is crispy and oily. Sauce very flavorful. Veggies very fresh tasting. All good.The dogs are really great, but I'd still say that Windy City Express on University East of Carle still has the *best* Chicago dog in town.
3	I had a very average experience here. The old man who runs the place (all by himself, it seems) can only handle a few orders at a time, so I spent about a fair amount of time watching the telly about some woman being found guilty of murder. The prices are pretty reasonable ($2.09 for a Chicago Style), I personally would have paid ~3.48 for a double dog since the dogs were pretty small.Despite that, I admire the fact that he was using a charcoal grill and toasting the hamburger buns. I would probably go here again if I weren't graduating, but since I am, I can say that it didn't make leave a good enough impression for me to stop by on my alumni tours.
