5	AlovetrainURRKN stands for Underground Railroad Rescue Kitty Network and was started by Tina LaBlanc in Oct of 2011.  It's a way of transporting kitties from shelters, foster homes and temporary homes to their "forever homes".It's basically a series of wonderful volunteers that are willing to transport cats from one place to another.  One long trips each volunteer will drive whatever distance they feel comfortable and then meet another volunteer at a prearranged location.On a long trip it might be many volunteers that selflessly give their time and transportation to help the kitty get to it's finally destination.  A person waiting for the kitty can actually keep track on the progress as the cat travels on it's "love train".We recently adopted a kitty from Florida that had to be transported to Rhode Island.  We contacted URRKN and volunteers were quickly arranged so our kitty, Gersemi, arrived to us quickly and in great health and spirits.There is no charge for this incredible service but of course donations are accepted.  It all depends on the kindness and generosity of strangers who anonymously do good without asking for anything but a simple thank you.The volunteers of the URRKN along with Tina LaBlanc, are doing great deeds in a quiet way.  Such acts of kindness for no other reason but to be kind are wonderful and rare things that should never be taken for granted.https://www.facebook.com/groups/URRKN/
1	I was a volunteer driver for two years for URRKN.  They are a nonprofit 501c (3) organization run by Tina LaBlanc and her husband.  I was very excited to be a member with all these cat lovers taking cats to their forever homes.  Unfortunately, there is a dark side to URRKN.  Tina LaBlanc was asking members to donate to various causes that covered personal, not URRKN related, expenses for Tina and other Administrators only.  From trips, vacations, car repairs and clothing to house upgrades.  All members, including management, are volunteers and provide their time free of reimbursement.  URRKN is not a rescue, foster, or other pet related organization.  It is a transportation group only.  Moving cats from point A to point B, all free of charge.  Any expenses for the cat is absorbed by the adopter and adoptee.It was also brought to my attention that transports were based on how big a donation you made to URRKN, not the first come first serve basis we all thought.  Some transports were taking up to 5 months to organize.  Others in two weeks.Just recently, a You Caring request for $3000 in funds was posted on the members page requesting donations to fix a administrators car.  At this time, no administrator is taking a salary or being reimbursed for expenses.  I questioned these donations and was banned from commenting.  I since realized that URRKN was violating 501c(3) nonprofit operation rules and found another group to drive for who is totally transparent.Before you join or donate, please research this organization.  Do not be taken advantage of like I was.
1	Unfortunately, this group does not always get their kitties to their new adoptees.  One cat was lost while in the care of an URRKN overnight hostess's home.  As of this date, she has not been found and its been a year.  The adopter is still devastated.  Another adopter received a kitten with a deadly virus that not only killed the kitten, but, also infected two of her family cats, one who perished along with the kitten.Mismanaged donations and unfair scheduling of transports are just a couple of concerns for this group.  It appears the more money you donate the more VIP treatment you get.  Some transports take 5 months to organize where the norm is 2 to 3 weeks.  If you want your kitty you need to shell out the money.URRKN has been known to transport kitties across state lines with no Health Certificates.  Hence, sick kittens are being transported when they should be under vet care.  Donations cannot be accounted for and are being requested by management from the members to support management personal causes as in eye surgery, home improvements, car repairs, etc.Before you donate or become a member, please research this organization and its reputation.
5	So I feel the need to respond to the negative reviews, especially Brenda T.  Our Gersemi was transported prior to our donation being sent in.  So it is simply not true that  the cats will not be transported unless large sums of money are donated. It is true that organization times vary.  Ours was fairly long - but that was the fault of the foster mom and myself not staying "on task".  Certainly, one of the tie-ups was getting Gersemi's health records, without which she would not have been transported.  So any driver should know that they are transporting a sick or contagious cat, and keep it isolated during transport.  If the adopter is so equipped to nurse a sickly cat back to health, or willing to share their home with only one cat because it has FIV and is contagious, more power to her/him.  I cannot speak to the incidences of volunteers being asked to donate money for administrators expenses.  That would be a "poor choice" on Tina's part.  If asked, just say "no".  Unfortunately, in large organizations, there are always personal friendships that develop that may appear to be favoritism or, on the other hand, conflicts that arise.  It's just not logical to expect anything else.Our particular experience happened to be superlative.  All the volunteers were spot on.  Everyone kept everyone else informed as to the progress, where Gersemi was, and when the next transporter could expect her to arrive.  Even had a short update from the person at the B&B.  Gersemi arrived in apparent good condition and good spirits.  Especially after having spent two days in various cars.  In fact, I think Gersemi took to it better than my husband does/did!
