5	Beautiful store located down-town Montreal. Because it's quite large, their selection is great, and has the latest collections including the BR Monogram brand. The best part for me is the upstairs Petites section.
3	Pros:1) Great location (downtown). The store is quite large and spread out onto two floors. 2) Personally, I find the quality of the clothing to be excellent. I have items I bought years ago that still look great. Also, the fit of their clothing is great regardless of what your body shape is. Despite some of their clothing being dryclean only, I've washed things in the washer and had no problems. Don't blame me if you try this and it doesn't work out though - I will not be held personally responsible :)3) They have a Petit section.4) They have great sales (30-40% off) on a regular basis. If you've signed up for their emails, you'll be notified every time they've got something going on. This makes up for the steep prices. Cons:5) I find most of the staff to be indifferent and a little stuck up. I'm sorry, but just because you work for Banana Republic does not make you king or queen of said republic. 6) Much of their clientele (excluding ME, of course) have major superiority complexes. The women tend to walk about with holier than though attitudes and expressions of disdain or a look that seems to say "I'm so much better than you."  I hate that crap but tolerate it when I want to shop. If you want to avoid the highfalutin, you can always shop online - you can return pretty much anything in-store.
4	This is where I buy almost all my shirts for work. 1) The quality is great2)  Very practical (wrinkle free) 4) regularly new patterns5) very consistent fit. Once you know your perfect size its you don't ever need to try on the shirt again. Overall amazing value.That being said what I hate about it is that every single week on Wednesdays you usually have 40% off EVERYTHING which means you are basically getting ripped off if you buy the shirts at full price at any time...They should be more consistent with pricing and just charge a fair price but I guess people are falling for it if they keep doing it...
