5	I don't go to the chiropractor very often, but I'm glad this is where I get to go when I do. The office is so nice and accommodating. When you are waiting to see the doctor you get to lay on these massage beds that are awesome. The facility is amazing with a gym for physical therapy, a personal masseuse, beds for electric wave therapy, and much more. Everything screams attention to detail and comfort which is very important in a doctors office especially a chiropractor. The staff and doctors have all been very helpful when I was there!
5	Dr. Tikey is the BEST chiropractor ever! I have been going to him for more than 20 years and he knows his stuff!
5	I have been going to Dr. Tikey for over 15 years!  He is by far the best Chiropractor in the valley!  His staff speaks wonders and he is the icing on the cake!  I have had various back and hip problems for years and he is the only one who can relieve the pain.  What is as special is that any pre-adjustment procedures, whether it is stim, rollers, or ultrasound, it is all considered a part of the adjustment.  No extras here!  Tikey is the best... hands down!
5	I am thankful for the referral!  What a relieved both to my body and to my mind.  I have hurt my neck many years ago from exercising.  From time to time, my nerve was pressed and I have pain shooting down all the way to my right wrist!  I can't even shoot a basketball.  Since I move away from Chicago 4 years ago, My husband and I have tried different doctors in HK and Arizona.  Unfortunately, our only relieved was seeing our doctor (who we considered the best chiropractor we have known) when we go back to Chicago to visit family.  I also bought two machines to stretch and massage my neck from time to time to ease the pain.  Things is going to change since I visited Dr. Tikey today!  We were referred by our massager and we decided to give it another try.  Dr. Tikey knows his thing!  I can tell he is a good doctor as he started to touch me and he is so attentive to the part that cost me pain.  I feel so much better after seeing him and I am overjoy to find a good chiropractor here.  By the way, he is even better than my doctor in Chicago!  He didn't charge $200 for the first visit which surprised me because I was treated w/a back stretching bed, electric wave therapy, and the treatment from the doctor.  $200 was definitely one of the reason why we hesitated to try a new chiropractor even though mine wasn't doing a good job.  Dr. Tikey, thank you!  We are coming back!
