2	Wings are great and have some good happy hour specials. Host was quiet and rude. Service was slow and multiple times waitress walked away while we were asking for something.Onion rings and fried were soggy and cold. Don't order them the breading is light and not like a normal onion ring. They only person doing a good job was the busser he Immediately came to table to remove baskets and trash. When the bill came there was a $.50 charge for extra wing sauce that we got on the side because the waitress warned us about the extra hot. If you say "wings are non-refundable", you shouldn't charge for a side of the extra hot sauce because you talk the customers out of extra hot.... They were not that hot.
3	I wasnt expecting this place to be a Fairmont reunion site, but it was a pleasant surprise, it seems like a lot of my co-workers go here, quite frequently, and it just reminds me of the local bar scene. The drinks are affordable, theres a smoking section on the patio (yessssssss) and the appetizers are worth trying. The service can be hit or miss, but I'll definitely be checking this place out again.
1	I'll go back if my friends want to have a drink but if it's to eat, no thank you.  We shared nachos and chicken skewers.  My bad that I didn't read the description of the chicken skewers--I thought it would be like satay but it was previously frozen breaded chicken fingers on a stick.  The chicken part was flavorless.  Nachos were the worst I ever had since they were all completely stuck together.  It made it hard to take some out in order to spread the toppings around--the flavor wasn't inedible but it wasn't good either.
1	Being in the restaurant business for over 18 years I have seen my share of bad employees and management. This place is in the top three worst places that I have been here in Phoenix. We sat on the patio for 12 minutes while four servers and a manager walked by and didn't say anything to us. I finally stopped one of the servers to get menus and she tossed them on the table as she walked by not stopping at all.  It's apparent that owners and management don't review sites like yelp or they would see that the majority of the reviews are about their horrific service. Just a heads up that the restaurant business is the "hospitality" business. They haven't figured that out here.  I won't be back!  Food is mediocre at best unless you have really low standards.
