4	Chill place.  Comfy chairs. Gorgeous waitresses.  Went here while there was some live music going on.  Late on a Sunday even!Located in the middle of the M resort casino, this is almost a hidden treasure.  M is still far from the strip so the place isn't too crowded.  But, it was nearing the end of the week so it probably is much busier on a Fri/Sat.  One of the things I like about this lounge is that that are doorways at the far end that lead to the balcony where you can relax at the number of  tables outside and enjoy the view of the pool side.There's also a full bar along with HOT women walking around ready to take your order. Geez, that alone warrants 4 stars. Haha!Good drinks and good company....nothing wrong with that.
5	This place is a hidden gem in the desert... Not only this casino/hotel gives the strip hotels a run for their money, but its CHEAPER, all around... From the food, drinks, superior service... Hell the 4/5 star hotels don't treat you better unless you're dropping  $100K on the tables...  :)  Lol....  This place is AWESOME... The drinks are MUCH cheaper than what you would pay for on the strip bars.. Yes I would agree with the last reviewer about the waitresses are hot looking... Hell even my girlfriend pointed how good looking they are...  Lol... Atmosphere is chill to the 10x power... Beautiful settings of lounge couches, and love seats, big, flat screen monitors mounted on every wall so while you are relaxing, and enjoying your favorite drink, you will NOT miss on any of the sports actions going on the televisions... Its loud enough to hear yourself talk among others in your group, but still quiet to hear the current DJ tunes played in the background, while catching an earshot of the latest score.... I HIGHLY recommend this place, to chill from that long drive coming into L.V. or to chill and not deal with the strip traffic, and all the other things that goes with dealing with the Vegas strip vibe.. And now days, with the way people's pocketbooks are looking, this place makes coming back to Vegas worth while... Oh yeah Sat nights at Club Ravello there's a live band which plays new and old school tunes for you to dance the night away, WITHOUT the (21-29) element... Yes us GROWN FOLKS likes to get our boogie on too... No kids in the way!! :)
4	This bar is in the middle of the casino.There are alot of couches, chairs are comfy and a big bar if you're working on closing the night out posted up :)Cocktail servers are all solid 7-9's and pretty accommodating.Drinks are cheap as far as casino lounges go and they do nice long pours.It's pretty well designed as you're inside but can also see the talent walking thru so it's a great lookout spot too. Find the corner area sofas and it can be private while in the open. Its a good look. Smoking is allowed and even encouraged so be happy or be aware. No food service.Great spot to meet with ur peoples.
4	This centrally located bar has gaming and a large area with couches with drink service available. Bartenders are quick to greet you and take care of you while you're playing. Service at M is usually consistent, and this bar has never disappointed. They know how to treat their customers! Music isn't loo loud, though I've not been here late at night.
2	Beatiful bar, terrible servers. The cocktail waiters are working both gaming and lounge and for you to order a drink while sitting on their sofas was nearly impossible. It was a group of us and the cocktail waitress only came by twice in the 3 hours we were there. It's a shame because it's a realy nice place.
3	The thing about the M Bar feel like they could do SO much more too jazz the place up or make it feel more life in it. I have always been fan of the M Hotel. But bigger picture I think kind of sad that main bar outside lounge chairs (really comfortable, the pillows nice), it had high end feel too the decor along with the widescreen spread out all around, and the drinks not that overly priced for strip hotel. With no music just off the house system or who knows. Fact that I never seen that bar full so feels like ghost town and no Vibe of any sort. I feel not good reflection of the property. I meet a classmate from high school for some drinks with couple more friends. Just too get our first round of drinks felt like took forever. I know this bar is where all the servers come get their orders then go back out on the casino floor take care of the guests. They seem too careless about customers in here. The other half of our party showed up took so long they just went up too the bar get drinks. Maybe they felt snob because no one showed up the rest of the night had our table filled up with empty glasses galore. The customer service is horrible. The thing that counter the bad customer service is unlike most bars in casinos this one not very loud. So you can actually have conversation with someone not be screaming when person literally facing you the whole time. The seats are comfortable that you could fall asleep easy. It seems tad darker comes too the lighting in the M Bar feel like in separate space then the casino floor all the noise. M Bar it ok but if in the M Hotel would rather drink at the other bar with all the tap beers outside the sportsbook.
4	I'm writing this review to attest that I made it to somebody's home alive and in one piece...I may not have ended up at my house but somebody's house is better than a ditch somewhere.A group of us decided to end our loooong day with a few drinks.  We were pre-gaming elsewhere but this was our last stop for the day.  I got 2 glasses of Sparkling wine...one of my favorite drinks, and I also tried their Seedless Watermelon...or was it the Melon Margarita?  Whatever it was, it was delicious!  Drinks are around $10-11 per glass.  I saw there was a drink for $4, Fruit Punch!  But it was non-alcoholic (no wonder!) so nevermind.  The service was ok as soon as the server/bartender acknowledged we've been waiting 15 minutes later...only 1 customer was there when we arrived.  I like their couch and the fact that they had all sports channels on their many TV screens.I was doing fine walking out of the bar.  I made it to my car on my own but as soon as I got in, my world started spinning waaay too fast.  I woke up the next day with messages of concern...must've been a fun but rough day.  Whew!
