4	WOW, as soon as I walked in I was pleasantly surprised. It was so welcoming and everyone was very friendly, felt like I was back home at my neighborhood bar.  The food was great and service with a smile. I really felt welcome and will definately make Hammer's one of my favorite places to relax and unwind.
4	This review is based solely on one lunch time visit.I went for lunch based on a friend's recommendation.Walking in the door by myself I was immediately comfortable. It was well lit, only a handful of customers at the time and NO SMOKE! A definite plus in my book having given up smoking 10 months ago! I don't know if they ever allow smoking since the bar and the dining area are basically one, but it was smoke free while I was there and I was THRILLED!They didn't offer  lunch special, but I opted to try the burger since that is generally safe anywhere I go. The burger was only slightly undercooked for my taste, but it was good. It came fully loaded, evn though I asked for no tomato. No biggy, I'm an easy going kinda gal and I just plopped the tomatoes outta there! The burger was $6 and came with a side of fries. Cheese is an extra 50 cents...I had my fries German style (mayo on the side). They were slightly crispy, but I like them that way and they had just the right amount of salt. Now the iced tea I had (since I have also given up soda...) was not to my liking. I don't know if they make it themselves or its bottled but the flavor was off, like maybe Henderson has really bad water or something. I don't line there so I don't know for sure if that's how the water tastes, but I didn't care for it.I'm not sure why but when my check came the iced tea was not on it....maybe they knew it was bad. LOL! The waiter/bartender was very attentive, easily made the rounds from bar to tables and waited on everyone quite well without rushing. A group of gentlemen came in, apparently for a prearranged meeting and they were immediately set up with tables moved, menus all around and even a bit of cajoling....seemed like they were happy to be there.Even without a special, the price was right, the food is decent and the atmosphere is enjoyable.I look forward to a return visit during a happy hour or a sporting event, as I hear it a great time there!
4	We love going to hammers. Every bar tender we have had, has always been super friendly and given great service. The food has always been great as well, huge burgers, good fries, and the fried pork loin sandwich is to die for!! At one time they had deep fried fettuccine alfredo that my daughter and I always ordered but the last time we were in hammers, it wasn't on the menu, so that bummed us out. On Saturdays they have BBQ ribs, and me being a huge BBQ nut, I had to try them. Well, lets just say I wont be getting the "BBQ" ribs again any time soon. the ribs are the only thing on the menu we have not enjoyed. All in all, hammers has loyal customers with us.
4	I have eaten at Hammers several times. I have always been treated like a valued customer by a friendly and helpful staff. The food is above average considering it is a bar. If you are a chicken wing fan I highly recommend the blackened wings. I tried them after one of the staff there told me they were her favorite, boy was she right on. They are fantastic with just the right amount of spice and flavor. Great for a luncheon or as an appetizer when having a couple of adult beverages with friends. The only negative I can give is they used to have a veggie burger that was out of this world, portabello mushrooms, roasted peppers, tomato, onions on a fantastic roll. They no longer serve it, and while I do understand why they stopped as it is hard to keep fresh portabello mushrooms on hand in a bar as they are not known for upscale food, I sure wish they would bring it back, if just for me. When the owner (Hammer) is there he always makes sure to say hi and make sure you enjoy your food.
5	So glad Hammer's is making it in this location.  We only have PTs out here and I can't stand them and their service is always slow.  The decor is a man's dream - all sports themed.  There are hats on various teams, hockey jerseys and fun stuff on teams.  I love the decor and find the place to be cool by just the way it looks.  You have typically one waiter or waitress that is realy laid back and always remembers to refill drinks and brings the bill right away.  Now for the food - AWESOME!  I got a marinated chicken sandwhich with fresh avocados and bacon - so good.  My husband got the burger with fries and he loved it as well.  The fries had a good flavor and were very crunchy.  Having an hour lunch I was back to the office in that time frame do to the speedy service.  I would go again.  We have gone 4 times but I forgot to write reviews.  Same experience each time - EXCELLENT!
5	Great food, Love the drunken clams! They have awesome daily specials and the best prime rib sandwich ever! But whats even better is that it is consistant. Very friendly and fun staff.
5	Just had the best casual dinner here and by the time I left, I was family. An authentic neighborhood restaurant with a good mix of oldies and country (hey it works!), great staff and really good food. The 3 $ in the yelp price guidelines is totally not true. It is what you would expect from a neighborhood place - great food, reasonable prices ( I would say super inexpensive for the quality of food), great staff and totally relaxing. And, although it says not good for dancing, you can if you want to.  I'll be back.
4	Great Chicago Coneys on Tuesday (2 for $2)... The drinks (wells and beer) are buy one get one on Tues as well.  Wings are good as are a lot of the appetizers.  Bobby and Tammy are great bartenders, but the waitress on the floor can be a bit on edge which is probably why the bar is always packed with people and people tend not to sit at the table.  We've had a few things screwed up when sitting in the dining area (plain hotdogs ordered but got the works, no fries even though we ordered them, charged for too many beers) and she has made us feel like it's our fault that it happened.  Then she tends to realize it wasn't our fault and becomes overly nice to compensate.Biggest complaint is that the kitchen closes at like 9pm... EVEN ON THE WEEKEND!!!!
2	Not really sure how this place is getting good reviews. The food is pretty good, I will admit that, but the service and being comped drinks is very poor. I have gone there twice, and both times played $20 at the bar and haven't gotten free drinks. I was told because I wasn't playing max bets, which would be $1.25 per hand.... Three hands would be a drink, so really why would you play and not just pay for drinks? Most locals are looking for a cool place to hang out and have drinks with friends. Most places comp if just have $20 in a machine. Hammers is not like most places and as a local, I will go elsewhere.
5	Super friendly atmosphere great food. The draft beer selection was lacking. But all and all a great place to go to have a few drinks and some good eats.
3	If your looking for a Bar & Grill with a local atmosphere, this is a great place. If you are staying in Las Vegas this is a great stop for lunch to/from the Hoover Dam. The staff is friendly and the food is good! The wings are big and full of meat with a generous portion of ten. I felt for the price, especially versus some franchise chains it was a good amount for the money. We also ordered the prime rib sandwich which is also good.  We felt the only downfall was that the beer seemed a bit high priced.
4	One star off just because I hate smoke and smell of it. I know it is to be expected at a bar like this, but it still doesn't mean I have to like it. With that small con out of the way, I have nothing but praises for Hammer's. It is a great local bar with owners and crew that care about their customers. The drinks are reasonably priced, and the bartender made the mistake of giving us Sam Adams Boston Lager instead of Oktoberfest (we drank it anyway, not wanting to make it into an issue), but when she realized her mistake she said they were on her. I thought THAT was great service where the customer still matters. Their fish and chips were great, complemented perfectly by homemade tartar sauce. We also tried their delicious wings, which beside being better than most wing chain places, had a generous portion of 10 for a reasonable price of somewhere in $8-9 range. This one serving fed two of us.  Each day of the week they do something special, so that is also worth checking out. Tuesday was two for $2 hot dogs...I think Friday might be a fish and chips special (I am so there).
3	I don't drink so this is for food and service only. The food is pretty good. I love their salad and the soup is homemade and well worth mentioning. Our favorite thing on the menu is the meatball sandwich. The meatballs are excellent. The portions are pretty generous and the service is fine. There is a good cook here, not someone out back using a micorwave like some places. Just a note it's loud and very sports themed, which is fine if it's your thing. I don't come here often because of the noise or choice of music but that's just me I get nervous ( Think I am getting old..). The owner is super nice and almost always there. If you want to hang out locally and like good food this place is worth a shot. You can eat healthy here, the salads are well done... but beware you get tons of tempting fries with sandwich orders.. Stingy they are not...  :)
2	Although the food is good and I am all about supporting a local business, I just can't deal with the smoke and spotty service. Even the dining area reeks of smoke. I had to take a shower after I got done eating there because the smell was just  too much. Also, our waitress who I assume is also the owner at first was attentive and then kinda forgot about us to go BS with the bar patrons and watch the game. Boyfriend's mom went without her ice tea refilled for a very long time. Server/owner also took forever to bring over the check. I could understand it if she was slammed, but not when I can see her standing at the bar watching the game. I gave this place a chance, but left with a completely different impression this time. Pass
5	I have been to this bar several times but have not been there recently.Today I ate a Meatball sandwich, and you can definitely tell that the food is prepared fresh and not from canned goods. This sandwich is highly recommended by me. The atmosphere and the service are also excellent!
4	Yum!! Friendly neighborhood bar with good food!!
4	Karaoke Night! Are great! The DJ Johnnie Cash is one of the best and fairest Karaoke DJs that I know. He really knows how to run a proper rotation. The people that work here are great and friendly and after a couple of times here you feel like a personal friend. I couldn't say enough good things about this place. It does get so busy at times that you have to go up to the bar to get a drink but I don't mind at all.
2	I received a 2 for one coupon in a mailer for 7 time championship wings.  How could I pass it up?  My wife and I entered the bar and the first thing we noticed was how smoky it was inside.  After waiting 5 minutes by the door, I finally asked the waitress if we could get a table.  She led us to a table where she quickly took our drink order and we had them in no time.  We pondered over the menu, I had the choice of medium, hot or insane.  I decided to go for the hot wings because I like a little bite on my wings. One thing I noticed is they had plenty of flat screen TV's through out the dining area.  After waiting for 15 minutes she finally came back to get our order.  I was frustrated with her at first until I noticed that she was the only waitress.  She was working at least 10 tables and at least another 15-20 people sitting at a divider.  It was not her fault, management should have anticipated a larger crowd with scheduled entertainment.  They had a band playing that night which was pretty good.  They played Country music, old and new styles.  The band consisted of 3 men with a combined age of around 190 years.  Once we did get our order in it took very little time to get the food.  The order I got had 9 wings and it came with blue cheese, carrots and celery. ( 2 half sticks of each)   My wife had the tenders, it came with 4 tenders and a large amount of French fries.  Each had a price of $8.75.   My wings arrived piping hot, the flavor didn't jump right out at me nor did the heat from the sauce.  Sometimes it takes a few seconds to feel, if you have had hot wings, you know what I mean.  It never came, neither ever came, flavor or heat. It tasted like there was salt and pepper with maybe some paprika on them. The only burn I got was the a burn in my nose from the cigarette smoke in the air, which was coming from people at a 3 foot high divider/bar smoking literally a few feet from our table.  I don't know what championship they won, the flavor of the ones I ate weren't worthy of any award..  My wife's tenders had the regular bar medium sauce on them.  Even this was better than mine.  This was a disappointment.  I don't know how many times I thought to myself, "We should have went to Johnny Mac's."  I am just glad I got it at buy one get one free.  Kind of like the feeling of watching a red box movie and you think "I'm glad didn't pay full price at the theater for this".  To sum it up, if you don't mind waiting for service, for average food, in a smoke filled room, this place might be for you.
5	My friend and I stumbled upon this place one day when looking for a new bar close to home that played the Green Bay Packers game.  We had a few important things on our list:  Good food, lots of TVs for the game and cheap beer.  Is that too much to ask?! LOL.Hammer's Grill and Bar is located close to Horizon and College Dr in a small strip mall.  The inside is really cool.  For such a small bar, this place is PACKED with TVs.  EVERYWHERE.  They also have sound boxes which I LOVE about it.  That way, all the games can be on the TV and you won't miss the sound at all.  Now let's talk about the bartender, Reid.  He is probably the coolest guy and best bartender I've met in a long time!  He's super cool, chill and on top of his game.  Just don't touch anyone else's slot machine, even if they're your best friend.  He will scold you LOL.  It's all in fun.  Their food is actually really good.  Heck, I love it!  Both times I've been there, I've gotten the chicken nachos for $10.  It was a HUGE platter, filled with tortilla chips, shredded chicken, jalapenos, cheese, garlic salsa and sour cream.  These nachos were bomb.com and so huge!If you live in the Henderson area, you need to check out Reid and the rest of the gang here at Hammer's.  He really remembers your name!  It's like Cheers!
4	I had bookmarked to try this bar but rarely am around this location.  I just happened to see it while riding my motorcycle today and stopped in for a couple beers.  I wound up playing some video poker and watched the UNLV game.  The bartender and Hammer seemed like nice people.  Hammer is a Bears fan so I will be back to watch some football when season starts.
4	My husband and I just moved to Henderson and checked out local places. The bar is definitely a locals spot. All kinds of different scooters and bikes outside. We sat at a table by the front and had a server pretty fast. We ordered nachos, which were yummy except they had lettuce on them which I thought was weird. Would order again but without lettuce. We also ordered wings which were good except a little salty. The place is full of smoke like most places in Vegas. Service was good and vibe was pretty chill. Lots of Tvs all over that can be viewed from almost every table. Would be fun to come for a game but im sure you would need to arrive early.
2	Average bar. Food not so good. A lot of regulars has potential. Maybe management needs an overhaul. Lol. Would possibly return only for the lack of decent places in the area.
5	These guys make the BEST burgers!!!!!! I get mine with mushrooms, American cheese, avocado, and bacon! Tell them to make your fries crispy and get a side of ranch dressing for dipping!!! Their burgers are big and juicy and oh-so-good!!!! Great place for lunch or dinner - this is definitely a neighborhood Joint!!!
5	We had some take out food from this restaurant for lunch, and what a pleasant surprise! The food was excellent and the service was friendly. While the menu is some what limited to sandwiches and burgers, the food is delicious. If you are super hungry, order the fried pork sandwich; it's HUGE and delicious! The fries and the Fish & Chips are great too. What I liked is that the fried food was not greasy at all, and did not have the 'rancid oil' smell that many places have. Overall a great value!
4	I have been back now a couple of times and have to say this place rocks for being local.great service and pretty descent food. Hard drinks could stand to be poured a little better.. But I don't mind ordering beer so it's all good. Lots of TVs for viewing at every angle. The crowd tends to be in their 40s I would say which is older than what I go for. But when I want some quick wings and a beer it rocks. Also, omg get the fries with with ranch
5	After driving/hiking the lake mead loop we wanted to find a more locally driven bar. We found it in Hammer's. Both owners greeted us within seconds, even with the bar being very busy. We got drinks which were strong yet tasty. The menu was bar food done well. We had the prime rib sandwich and the blackened BBQ wings. Both were excellent. We were checked on often, and it felt special as the owners came over and added that personal touch. We had a speaker on the table and soon realized the we could get the sound from any tv in the place by a touch of a button. We watch our local Blackhawks, even though it was an out of market game. Great people own and work at this bar  Glad we came and supported this local gem.
4	Place doesn't look like much on the outside but we had a very good meal there.  The tomato basil soup was outstanding and we also had the chicken quesadilla was great too.  It's a bar in Las Vegas so there people smoking so you should probably expect that.  The decor is of an old bar.  But the food was good and the server was nice.
4	So I came here to grab a drink while waiting for my haircut appointment next door. The staff and crowd were very friendly and I would definitely come back and stay for a little bit longer!
4	Went here with a friend I was in town visiting. We went for dinner and drinks on a Friday about 8pm. It's a small local bar in a strip mall. Food was good. I ordered the BLT wrap minus the bacon. I was going to sub chicken but our server said I could have chicken or shrimp. Anytime I can get something with shrimp, I'm happy. I ordered coleslaw with it. It was delicious. Lots of shrimp. The coleslaw was tasty. Service was good. Our server was nice. Quick to take our order and check for refills.The best part of the evening was a father and son band that played. They were great. Made the evening even more enjoyable!Great local bar. Good food and drinks. Worth checking out!
5	My first visit was good. Had the fish fry. It was good. No complaints with the food. Husband had the Irish sandwich which is corn beef. Looked good. He said it was good!! Fries with gravy yummy!!!!! And the beer was nice and cold!! Would definitely come back!!
5	Had a party melt today. It was ok. Still the best fresh fries around!! Add gravy on them and mmmmmmm!!!
4	Food was great, had to wait too long for our food. It was a Sunday and there were very few ppl in the bar.
3	Food is hit and miss, I noticed that the food is horrible in the afternoon (salty fries, bland meat etc..) but fantastic at night. Sandwiches are good. their BBQ ribs when they have them are a joke. I am not much of a drinker so I cannot comment on the Bar but just the grill :-)
3	My major complaint is that this place is SO SMOKEY! Service its pretty slow, so don't be in a hurry. Love their blacken wings! Come get them half of on Thursdays. Big portions for a decent price.
1	I am watching TV and I see this place on Restaurant Stakeout. I think that is so funny. This guy can't figure out why his business is failing? My house is only 2 blocks from here. I am single and I like to sit at the bar and eat so I don't have to sit at a table by myself. I also like to play video poker. I went here about 2 weeks after it opened. I was looking forward to finding a new place to go. I walk in and the bar is packed. I found a seat at the bar. I was the only woman in there. All the men were looking at me like I shouldn't be there.Then I realized the pretty, young bartender was dancing and lifting up her shirt to show her stuff behind the bar. All the guys were yelling. I am middle aged and not too hot anymore. I felt very uncomfortable and out of place. I played $40.00 in video poker before I finally got a drink. I asked for a menu but never got one. I left and never went back. I thought it was a strip club.
4	Really good bar food. Great daily specials. The fried pickles and mushrooms are primo.
5	Dennis is an awesome bar tender! Wings are awesome. Karaoke Thursday and Live Music Friday are fun. It gives a great vibe unmatched by pt's, wahoo's, timber's, and Buffalo Wild Wings. It's a true open arms locals bar.
1	This place is a total dump. The trashy loud-mouthed bar staff keeps the bar full of creepy old men. This is the bar when you walk in all the old guys turn and stare at your girlfriend for 20 minutes straight. The crowd gets pretty ghetto in here at night too. Don't eat anything.
2	"Monstrous Portion" was what the menu said about the prime rib beef dip sandwich.  The sandwich was NOT but the price WAS. Meat to bun ratio was 25% meat to 75% bread and the meat was fatty. Generally speaking it was overpriced. My chicken sandwich was tasty with fresh mushrooms sauteed & swiss cheese,  bread nicely toasted but again skimpy meat to bread. Our server was friendly and attentive. Her recommendation for the wings blackened was excellent and we enjoyed them.I didn't appreciate the idea that karaoke started before the baseball game ended and informed the server we'd need our bill before singing started. We didn't get an itemized receipt and left feeling ripped off. Our bad for not requesting the itemized receipt but this place doesn't live up to it's own hype. 2.5 stars because the wings were very good, it was clean and our service was good.
4	The food was excellent and the service attentive. I cannot comment on some other aspects as there were only two of us, we did not go to the bar and we did not sit outside. We were eating dinner early in order to go to the ballet at 7.30 p.m. The tables are fairly close together and there is quite a bit of noise. It is pricey but not excel lively so for the food, but the wine tends to be expensive but good.
4	If you're looking to watch a hockey game... You'll most likely find it here. Lots of TVs with lots of games playing! Video poker, keno, etc at the bar, which is also fun. They have daily food specials & reasonably priced drinks. Service was awesome & so were the owners. Only thing stopping a 5 star rating in my eyes was the smoke.. Had to change my clothes as soon as we left the bar. (But no one else seemed to mind it). Overall a pretty great local bar :)
3	Found this place after searching for bars to watch NHL games around Vegas.  Awesome motzy sticks with ranch and marinara sauce.  Not a big fried pickle fan but we decided to do the special with fried pickles and pizza. It was worth it. Pizza took awhile but there was no rush so no big deal. Food was good overall. Very smoky in there which i hate     Seemed as if everyone was chain smokers.   Owner of the bar was cool he introduced himself to us. Fought stu grimson from the Blackhawks back in the day   . Would give another star if the smoke wasnt an issue :(
4	Went in on a Saturday night to checkout this place. Here's the abridged version:Great Blackened Wings.....$20 lasted an hour on their bar poker.....Crazy Smokers Voice Lady Hit On Me By Asking Me To Come Look At Her Dead Friends Photo........I Didn't Hear One Horrible Singer All Night, and Actually Heard Quite a few Great Ones....Met One Liberal who asked me to buy her a drink, One Conservative who offered to buy me a drink.....Met a nice lady who I exchanged numbers with........Drinks were well poured ( not weak and not to strong )ALL IN ALL A GOOD TIME WITH UNUSUAL MEMORIES, lol
4	We came here after leaving another local sports bar at halftime due to the obnoxious clientele at the time. This was a nice change. Super friendly staff and great service. Can't vouch for the food since we only came here for football and beer, but they had good deals on drinks during the games! We came here to catch the Chargers game, and although it wasn't on the main screen (with volume), the server gave us a box with adjustable volume that we could sit on our tabletop and listen to the Chargers game while we watched! Awesome! I wish more bars would do this! Knocking off one star for the smokey atmosphere. C'mon guys, it's 2014. No one wants to breathe that anymore.
5	Best pizza in Henderson/Vegas. Great, attentive bartenders. You'll always feel welcome and at home. Order the fried pickles!!
