5	Everytime I'm in town I find an excuse to use this company.So far they've provided amazing service for a bachelorette party, a holiday light tour, and a birthday party.Every experience outdoes the last!The vehicles are always beautiful, fully stocked and our driver is always well prepared, very professional and extremely attentive to our needs.I can't wait to be back in September to head out and have some fun in the hummer limo again!
5	Always my go to for my limo services needs. Great service and professional drivers. If you are looking for a night on the town or need a limo for your child's prom I highly recommend Limoz.
5	This service is so freaking awesome!!  Every time I us them it's nothing but special..  Great prices and the drivers are awesome..
5	Wendi our driver was great and showed up on time and made sure we were well taken care of. All details were confirmed by her in advance and I felt she made sure to keep in touch throughout the evening as to where she would be picking us up at the concert. I would definitely use them again!
5	Wendy provided exceptional service and catered to every need of our massive group that enjoyed the Hummer limo to a birthday excursion. From the booking to the final drop off it was a seamless, easy experience and we were treated like royalty. Will definitely use for all future needs.
5	We use Wendi for a birthday night out and being in the limo was almost the best part!!!  We had a blast going from location to location in a huge, well maintained hummer limo!  Wendi was on time and made sure all of our needs were met.  We will be using Wendi for another birthday party in November and can't wait for more fun!!!
5	This is the best limo service and reasonably priced!  I searched and read many reviews from different limo services before deciding on Limoz.  I am so happy I made the right choice!  We actually used them twice within a weeks time.  They were prompt on both occasions, very professional and the limos are in perfect condition.  The first time we were in the stretch Escalade and for my son's 16th birthday we used the stretch H2 Hummer.  I even posted on my Facebook page if anyone ever needs limo service to use Limoz!
5	I recently booked service from Limoz for my daughters 18rh birthday party.  After calling several limo companies I decided to book with Limoz.  The person who helped me with the reservation was very friendly and knowledgable.  Limoz also had the best rates.  The driver showed up on time and the limo was impeccable.  The girls had a great time.  I would highly recommend Limoz!
5	I was looking for a decent limo service to take my daughter and a few friends out to a restaurant for her 21st birthday and was almost persuaded by some Google reviews with a few other companies. I don't live anywhere near Phoenix so the web was my only resource.Fortunately, I came to Yelp where the reviews tend to me more ACCURATE and was impressed by the reviews of LIMOZ.  I know I'm not off when I say everyone loves to see a bottom line price with no add-ons, ifs, ands or butts.  LIMOZ (Wendi) gracefully provided that bottom line price in a reply email after I inquired and was very happy to see the level of service from this point forward.  My daughter and friends report that Rusty, the limo driver was courteous friendly and professional and the limo it's self was immaculate and beautiful.It was the 14 passenger hummer limo and it looked just like the pics!I will definitely be using LIMOZ again and recommending to others in the area.  Thank you Wendi!
