4	Being someone from the Midwest, I can't really say enough about how much I love having Chick-Fil-A regularly and this one is right down the street from my house!  The service is always top-notch, even when there is a line stretching out onto Woodlawn and that is often.  Although a little...ok a lot....crowded at peak time, it's still worth the wait if you are craving a chicken sandwich like I so often am.  I also happen to HATE mayonnaise, so for me, the bun and the pickle is all I need, maybe a little Polynesian sauce on the side.  Their milkshakes are also really good....try the cookies and cream, lots of chunks of real Oreos and just thick enough.
5	so i went on this diet recently while visiting family in charlotte. three chick-fil-a sandwiches a day. i had a grand old time getting porked up while still being skinny by comparison (honestly, charlotte, you're not all that fat as american cities go. seattle is just a really skinny bitch). i am also quite sure i would not have survived sudden family overload and korean aunts' pinching of my recently acquired muffin top if it weren't for the euphoria caused by constant consumption of these crack-laced chickens. and eight out of ten friends agreed i was much less of an asshole. fuck prozac. eat mor chikin. *my reviews are useful*- new spicy chicken? not so spicy and too salty. stick to the original.- freshly squeezed lemonade! get half-lemonade, half-iced tea. one of the few drinks under 80 proof worth my time and calories. - dip your waffle fries in ketchup AND mayo. mm mm mm. - every location i've been to is eat-off-the-floor-clean and the staff christian-youth-club-nice. slightly creepy now that i think about it. - CLOSED SUNDAYS
3	There are plenty of places in Charlotte that have either challenging parking lots or can be difficult to get into.  This particular location has both.  I do not know if it was a mandate from the city, but because of the entrance of this location, it can be a real bear to get into the parking lot if you are headed in the wrong direction due to a cement barrier that attempts to make sure only those from one direction are allowed entry.Attempts?  Yes, attempts.  There are people headed in the wrong direction who have decided that they need their fix and go for it anyway, and that just makes life difficult for everyone, but such is the world we live in.Should you get inside, the actual restaurant is not bad, it is merely your mood due to having to navigate the entryway to the parking lot, and the relatively small lot itself - which is not really bad, just undersized.
5	By far the best Chick-Fil-A in Charlotte - service is always great as well as the food.  Always a frequent visitor - a very convenient location - worth being patient for when crowded!
5	Before I start this review...you should know, my husband and I love Chick-Fil-A so much...when we lived in Kansas City, bought an entire CASE of honey roasted BBQ sauce packets from the local franchise there, so we could grill chicken sandwiches and re-create them at home!  (Alas, we never did finish the entire case, and should have given some away.)Chick-Fil-A is one of my favorite, if not favorite "fast food" chain because the chicken is fresh and the service is always A+. Never have I had a wrong order going through the drive through, or been treated rudely.  Even first thing in the morning at 6:30am, the drive through server is chipper and says "my pleasure"! (I should say, when I worked in KC, I did a story with a Chick-Fil-A owner, and he told me the owners and managers pray before hiring someone, to ask God if the person is a right fit.  It may some outrageous to some, but I tell you, it must work.  The people who work at every CFA location I've been to are incredibly polite and hard working.) Faves...the chargrilled chicken sandwich, original (both deluxe w/lettuce and tomato) and for breakfast, the chicken burrito.  I also think the unsweetened iced tea here is the best out of McDonald's, Wendy's and every other drive through iced tea.PS:  Enclosed is a photo of me during Cow Appreciation day, when I put on some black spots, and got myself a free sandwich! NO SHAME!
5	I am not one who write about fast food chain normally.  But I feel the need to say this location is consistent with its service quality.  If I go there often enough, they would recognize me and say hi.  This location also has the lovely hand wipes, which is fabulous to have around if you just need a quick clean wipe before eating.  Several times recently I went during lunch hour and they had balloon people making balloon toys for kids.  I think that's great.  I even got a ladybug made for my co-worker to bring home to her little girl.  And last time the (rather creepy) cow was there, high-5-ing people and entertaining kids (or maybe scaring a few along the way).  I do have to warn you, parking is difficult here.  Heck, going in and out of this place can be a task on its own during peak lunch time.  It's not uncommon to see Woodlawn traffic in a standstill because there's a line waiting to turn into Chick-Fil-A.  My suggestion is just go there little earlier or later and avoid the crowd.
1	Awful
4	Chick fil-la has a special place in my heart. I have always thought that Chick fil la is only around the southeast, but a couple months ago while I was in downtown Chicago, I saw a chick fil la there, and I seriously was jumping with joy! I literally thought I can relocate to Chicago without any nostalgia now that I've found a chick fil-la there haha ;PAfter I have been out of state for a while, I always crave chick fil la, this is often the location I go to. In fact, as I am writing this review, I am sipping my chick fil la milkshake. I recommend the small size, unless if you only want a milkshake for lunch. Even their small is plenty. I highly recommend their peppermint milkshake, which is only available over the Christmas holidays...bummer...I hope some day they will make it year round, or make some kind of chocolate chip mint..yumChick fil la is literally the best when it comes to fast food burger and fries places. They are always clean, aesthetically pleasing, well-maintained and has exceptional customer service. May I say hospitality mints? They bring your food out to your table, tell me a fast food chain that does that! There will always be fresh flower on your table, please, we all know how lame fake plastic flowers are...You will not find an employee who looks bored and has an attitude here, everyone is extremely friendly, chick fil la is big on the family motto. As for this particular location, parking is a hassle, there is simply not enough...If you don't mind walking a bit you can definitely find more parking outside of qdoba, which wich, smoothie king and such. The drive through line is usually long, so long it sometimes blocks the right turn for people coming in from E Woodland dr. If you are coming up from E Woodlawn, you cannot make a left turn...Yup, have struggled with this for years. After your meal here why not check out park road shopping center, it's a historic shopping district in the area.
4	It's no secret I'm a Chick Fil A fanatic!I've reviewed plenty of these and always have the same thing to say. I'm totally a FAN! For two simple reasons: 1. I think one of the best qualities about Chick Fil A is that they set a different standard for "fast food" service. Most of the locations I've visited have extremely friendly employees and best customer service around. Everything from an extra packet of ketchup to getting your sandwich "well done" (for all the extra crispy lovers this is an absolute must!) is always accommodated with a kind "my pleasure". I wish ordering everywhere else was so freaking easy and nice! Pure awesomeness.2. They just have darn good food.Well, this location did not disappoint. I can only review the drive thru but it was spot on. I ordered my food, the staff was pleasant and my order was hot and correct! But I agree with previous reviews getting out of this location is a bit of a pain. But hey, I'll just enjoy my waffle fries and sip my lemonade until I make it out.
4	You can usually find a line coming out of this place during weekday lunches and breakfast. I was lucky enough that this morning there wasn't.  I got my chicken minis hot and fresh. My only complaint as always is why don't they serve chicken minis all day?
4	I usually meet my friends here for lunch as it is a good midpoint between uptown and South Charlotte. Parking can be a little tricky for this area, but I've always found a spot, somewhere close.The line inside is always pretty quick, and there are an abundance of children during lunch time, as there is a pretty good play place attached. If you don't like children, I suggest going somewhere else. The servers are nice and the food is good, what I've come to expect from a Chick Fil A, and have never been disappointed here.
2	This Chic-Fil-A disappointed me! I've been a fan of this chain for as long as I can remember and was happy that upon our recent move to this part of Charlotte there was one right up the street from our home.  So imagine my disappointment when the drive-thru line was slow and the service not nearly as polite, prompt and pleasant as I've come to expect when eating at Chic-Fil-A.  I went twice in one day (breakfast and dinner), and the service was disappointing both times. What a let down.
4	The staff are very nice although they have training issues.  Every time I order iced tea with a splash of lemonade I am charged for an Arnold Palmer and that is not what I ordered.  I do not blame the nice young man who served, I blame his training or lack there of.  They need to re- train staff.
5	Another RELATIVE rating. It doesn't get much better for a CHAIN restaurant than Chick-Fil-A. The service is always friendly, professional, polite and quick. Gotta love their chicken. Nice thing is that they have healthier options like grilled chicken....just skip the cheese and bacon and mayo....and fries. But their waffle fries are really good, especially with their famous "Chick-Fil-A Sauce!"
5	I love this chick fil a. The customer service is awesome. There are always employees asking if I need anything and making sure I am satisfied. Obviously a great place for kids. The outdoor space and playground is nice and well kept.
