3	Really nice place for a pharmacy/convenienf store...i can see the convenience..pharmacy does procrastinate @times
5	Thank you for being open Christmas day. I needed batteries for my kids toy and they where open. They were pushing the cheap ones but I stuck my guns and got the energizer.
1	This pharmacy is rubbish. I dropped a script off. Came back an hour later. They filled it and stated that they no longer take my insurance. I told them to give my script back and I'll go elsewhere. They wouldn't give me the script back. THIEVES. I'll never go to another Walgreens. Go to CVS just down the street at 6391 West Lake Mead Boulevard.
2	They have an okay customer service for their customers, I just wish they would smile more and make us feel more welcomed.
4	I like this Walgreens.  Always well stocked and the customer service is always good.  We bought some pistachios that were onsale ( had been stocked on the wrong peg) and instead of arguing with us, and making us feel stupid, they honored the sale price.  The cashier is always more than friendly, sometime bordering on creepy happy.  Will come again and again.  Haven't used this location for prescriptions, so cant comment on that.
1	This place gets no stars!!! (Yelp forced me to put at least one) The management sucks their pharmacy staff is the worst I've ever dealt with, their corporate never even answered me when I called and filed a complaint about the experience I had there. You're much better off going up the street to CVS, they are much nicer.
1	Pharmacy + in a ghetto place = You're gonna have a bad time. Was a extern student there and i understand why the patients were upset. Too much work for staff to complete the prescriptions on time and there is certain insurance that is not accepted or covers the drugs. So make sure your prescription is covered and come when times are not busy which is around or near 12 AM
4	This review is in two parts: pharmacy and retail.Pharmacy.  Top-notch.  I was diagnosed diabetic in 2000, and have had my prescriptions filled at this location since Day One.  Fourteen years, one glitch.  (That was in, if I remember correctly, 2007; that pharmacist is no longer working for the Walgreens corporation.)  Friendly, knowledgeable staff.  My wife has several medical issues that require over a dozen pharmaceuticals; again, in the fourteen years that we've been coming here, one or two glitches out of, what does that make ... almost 200 months and between 20-25 prescriptions each month?  I'd say that's an excellent score.  PHARMACY: 5 of 5.Retail, i.e., the rest of the place.  Overall, a decent place.  In that same fourteen years, one employee I didn't get along with; she and I aren't there the same hours of the day any more, and I've had no problems since.  Prices are what you'd expect ... a little higher than grocery stores, a little lower than convenience stores.  Courteous, friendly, knowledgeable (except that they still can't tell me why the latex gloves were pulled from the shelves and if they'll ever come back).  RETAIL: 4 of 5.Overall, a solid 4, and unless something very untoward happens, a customer for life.  Well done.
1	Terrible place they keep messing my 90 yr old grandmother.  Need to boycott this company
1	I used to go here all the time and it's usually great service but there new staff is dreadful  the last few times I have gone it's nothing but rude service here I was fed up the last time I went where I was yelled at , last time I go there
