2	I enjoy watching F1 and I've been to at least 6 races.  After getting off the metro station, we had to take a long hike to get to our seats at Circuit Gilles Villeneuve.  They could have opened other gates  instead of going around through one entrance.  We had VIP tickets and you would think we'd have a special entrance but no!  There are no decent bathrooms.  You have to use portalets which were totally disgusting.Food was average.  The only good thing about CGV is the view of the Biosphere in Parc Jean-Drapeau.
4	Went here for the first time for the 2014 Montreal Grand Prix and I had an amazing 3 days on the Circuit.During downtime between the GrandPrix sessions, there were lots of vendors selling F1 merchandise, food and offering free samples! I think my party and I gathered about $200+ worth of free samples that weekend. We sat at Grandstand 31 which was in the heart of it all. It has a beautiful view of the Montreal skyline on the right, the track in front and the Casino de Montreal on the left. You can tell we were newcomers as everyone had coolers with beers, ready-made food and snacks while we just had water bottles in our backpack. Forced to buy mediocre food to save money, we came ready the last two days!Note to people coming to the Grand Prix for the first time, you can bring WHATEVER you want to eat and drink at the Grand Prix! Just as long as your cooler fits under your bench.At the end of the races on the last day, the crowd got to walk on the circuit which was an amazing feeling! A lot of people started to run and take pictures where cars had crashed and even picked up debris as souvenirs. I walked a few metres down the track before leaving but I am kicking myself in the butt for not walking to where it says "SALUT GILLES" at the start. There will definitely be a next time!
5	For F1 fans it's a dream come true to be able to actually enter the circuit for free and with total freedom to move aroundIt has a lane reserved for sports, mainly cycling but you can also run or go for a walkThere also a beach in the facilities and you can get there by bike easily trough an exclusive road for bikes
