4	I've learned the hard way that pools are for rich people. I, being rather "not rich" have to maintain my pool on a pretty tight budget. Corson's has the most reasonably priced pool supplies I've found, and they don't mind telling me where I can cut corners.Being from Alaska, I am complete pool n00b. They always have answers to my stupid questions, and I have yet to come across an employee at this location who doesn't know his stuff. Most of them are pretty easy on the eyes, too... which never hurts.They do a lot of repairs and I'm about to take my crappy old pool vac there to see if they can salvage it!
5	I've been using Corson's for years, mostly for on-site pool repair.  But, today my Hayward vacuum is getting tired and I was trying not to replace it, yet.  Went to Corson's and asked what it would take to keep it going.  Told him funds were an issue and to give it to me straight.  He took it apart, fixed what was broken, told me what I could do in the future that it will eventually need and sent me on my way.  My wallet not nearly as much lighter as I had anticipated.  I went to Corson's because I knew they would be fair and honest.  Other pool dealers, when I knew less than I do now, have sold me new units for much less wrong with them than this one.  Thanks, Corson's.  I can always count on you to be fair and honest.  You made my day, my week, and quite possibly a couple of months.
2	Every time I've been here it seems they are always out of stock of whatever I need.. except chlorine tablets. This time it was a pool net... com'on - you can't keep your own brand of replacement pools nets in stock? I'm looking at switchin' out our nets now that they never have them in stock.
1	I patronize the Corson pool supply store in Chandler and have always been happy with the service I received so when it was time to hire a weekly service for my elderly parents I went with what I knew; what a MISTAKE! From the very beginning I had noticed that the tech wasn't doing everything the service manager promised me they would do like ensuring the pool stayed clean and clear. I called in with my concerns and was assured they would be addressed but it just got worse as the summer went on and finally the pool turned bright green. Now get this; when I called and spoke to the service manager he said it "might just be the way the light is reflecting off the pool. It might not be green at all." After another call he finally visited the house and confirmed rather sheepishly that the pool was indeed green. He asked me when we had changed the water and sand (it was just a few months before in the early spring) and generally tried to deflect the fault for the pool to me. It took them 2 weeks during mid-summer to get it under control during which time nobody could use the pool due to the chemical brew they were using to kill the algae. At no time did anyone from Corson's apologize and then they had the audacity to try and charge me for the extra chemicals used to fix the water by slipping the charge into my bill. After a few more months of hit and miss service the technician was terminated. Guess I wasn't the only unhappy customer. This brings us to today (March 6th 2013) and the service manager is supposed to visit my pool because I noticed the same layer of dust is on the floor as two weeks ago. The pump (which is new) isn't priming and the vaccuum (they they charged me to fix) isn't moving around the pool. I called last week as soon as I noticed this and left a message on the number that the tech leaves in the clock to show that he has visited. No return phone call so yesterday I spoke to the woman who answers the phones and she said there were no messages on the machine. Okay, well what about my pool? She said it sounded to her "like a mechanical issue." I asked her if that was something the Corson's pool technician should have noticed and attempted to repair....he's a POOL TECHNICIAN. I am not; I just pay the bills. Needless to say I am very disappointed with Corson's and hunting for another service. I don't know who owns this slip shod company but if their name is Corson they should be ashamed.
5	The guys at this pool store have been great. Pool recently turned into a nightmare when pool pump broke, then balance threw off, then pool turned into a swamp. Even having a pool guy (needless to say no longer my pool guy, doing work myself) the pool got worse. Stopped into A&M Corsons where Blayr helped me out. Recommended a bunch of different actions we could take, chemicals, parts etc. Pool pump is working better than ever, auto cleaner is working great and he was able to help get my pool back to super clean and clear within a couple of days. Been appreciative of his knowledge and advice. Nice to go to a retail store where the folks behind the desk understand the products they are selling. Highly recommend going here over Leslie's.
2	I called these guys because they had decent reviews on yelp, and their website says they are experts at detecting and repairing underground PVC leaks.  Well, I called them and was told they don't come onsite to do estimates.  Basically, they are just a pool supply store and not really a service or repair company like their website states...
