3	The bald bartender here reminded me of Peter M. Don't know him? Skip the rest of this paragraph. You do know him? Keep reading. So yeah, besides this tall, bald and skinny thing he had going on, he had this way of talking to you that made you unsure whether or not he was mocking you. But considering he was the snap-his-fingers-and-point-at-you-cool-guy kind of guy, I don't think he was mocking. I think he was just a tool. And then when Dramarama came on the radio he looked at me and said "Bet you can't name this band". Uh, ok, idiot, only I grew up in NJ, which is where they're from, and I've seen them play a million times. So, besides the Peter M-like bartender, this place is a decent place to waste some time waiting for your flight. They play good music - surprisingly good for a sports bar. The drinks are ok, though it sucks that they don't have Jameson. Every bar should have Jameson. And they could use some hooks under the bar so you can hang your bags. The food looked pretty good, though I didn't try any.But remember that this is an airport bar and you will probably get in a lot of trouble for kicking the bartender in the balls after he snaps and points at you while winking and giving you the old tongue click. Better to find our dear Peter M back here and take your aggravations out on him.
3	I had a layover for about 3 hours while the Chargers played Pittsburg. This place was kinda hot and had either no ventilation or thats how they roll in the AZ. All orders of beer come with a $3 shot. The wings were nice n juicy, sauce on the side. Plenty of Tv's, including 2 very large ones located at either end of the restaurant, old and decrepit ones in front of the bar and smaller flat screens throughout the place. people were cool, especially the staff. Chargers lost, but i was pretty buzzed up and the wings hit the spot. nothing too special about this place cept the $3 top shelf shots w/ beers.
1	Avoid at all costs. Awful service, slow as hell, only uses disposable plasticware/plates to add landfill insult to heinous food.  Despite telling them we were in a rush to catch a plane and multiple reassurances that the food would arrive in plenty of time, they lollygagged around and I ended up paying $30 to be seriously pissed off and hungry with no food.   BLECH.
3	Stopped at this diner during a flight layover.  Convenient place to eat  for US Airways travelers in Phoenix.  My experience was apparently a little better than the other reviewers.  Waitress was efficient and friendly and the food was fine.  I was in and out in less than 30 minutes.
2	Have been finding myself stuck in the Phoenix airport more than I'd wish. And, this was close to my gate (B16), but wish I would have walked someplace further.  Ordered the fish and chips - primarily for the coleslaw and it was served in a condiment cup - literally two small fork fulls - and not much flavor.  The fish was fishy (yuck). They were served with waffle fries which made up most of the plate.  I wanted malt vinegar, but my server was non-existent.  I visited at an off hour (2:00ish) so maybe she just forgot that I was there.  Since I had time to kill the slow service didn't hurt me, but if you're in a hurry I'd avoid this place.  Overall - overpriced - with my iced tea it came to $18.  Not worth the price. The sad thing is that I think it would have been better to eat at Burger King.  : (
1	I don't know if it's because it was a Sunday night...but I thought that the rapture had happened or something.  Not a soul was to be found in there...it was actually kind of creepy.  Games were on TV but I got the whole Resident Evil vibe from the place!  I figured it would pick up and I figured wrong...two beers and I was outta there....felt like a dumbass for even staying for one beer!FAIL!
3	I had 40 mins to kill and the place was packed, so I was worried about how quick service was based on other reviews.I snagged a tabled, within 5 mins I had a drink, and even though I was quoted 20 mins on buffalo wings, I got them in under 10. Service overall was great.The wings were vinegary, and they had the heat, but I wouldn't get them again. Two guys next to me got the fish and chips and they said they were good. Also, food is priced well, but 9$ for a 22oz Stella? Yikes!
1	Ridiculous. Stay away.
1	Wackness defined. Twenty bucks for food that makes T.G.I.Friday's look like it deserves a Michelin star. Even for an airport this place is overpriced and not worth a stop. The service was decent, but that was the only redeeming quality whatsoever about this place. Avoid.
3	Wish they had half stars here, 2.5 would be more accurate. Server: Chad was good, he was on the drinks and the food/bill was prompt. Saw others who were not so lucky with their seating choice.Got the Mac n'Chese, not bad I would recommend getting it with the chicken if you give it a shot. Better than Burger King.2 stars in the real world, maybe 3 in the world of airport choices!
1	My recommendation: waterWe ordered buffalo wings and loaded potato skins as a "hold me over" food because nothing else in PHX airport looked open, but I'm not quite sure what we got.  The buffalo wings were chicken tenders coated with a really thin layer of really acrid/burn your mouth off buffalo sauce, and the potato skins were loaded with...oil.Do yourself a favor and buy something from a vending machine if you're hungry.  Totally not worth the $30 that we spent here for two dishes + tax/tip...not even CLOSE.
1	If zero stars were an option... By far the slowest kitchen (based on 3 visits..average time from order to receiving a simple sandwich. 20 minutes)...regardless of crowd. Menu ..dismal.  The only items worth ordering..beer. Anywhere else in skyharbor will top this place.  Over the past year the kitchen response time here has had serious service problems. The waitstaff are friendly -- and clearly at the mercy of an understaffed and inefficient kitchen. There is no excuse for skyharbour  licensing this establishment.
4	Whyyyyyy does this place have such low reviews?!I came here on a 3 hour layover and loved it. Somewhere nice to sit, football on TV for the boyfriend to enjoy (as much as he can...he's a Colts fan), good food at a reasonable price (Chili bowl was very filling and under $7), pleasant and attentive service, cheap shots. It was nice to have a place to sit that was away from the hussle and bussle of the airport walkways and the free wifi (airport wide) was a nice touch. I'd rate it 3.5/4 but I'm feeling generous today Yelpers!
4	They were so polite. One waiter gave me a glass of water an hour after I closed my tab while I was charging my iPhone.  Great service!
2	Loud with micowaved food.  Edible if, like us, you're stuck and hungry during a layover.  Poor selection of beer (ranging from tasteless-clear to a tasteless-amber) at some really high prices not listed on the menu.
1	Bad, slow service!  Could not get a basic quesadilla in a timely fashion.  Would not have given zero stars but it is not an option
2	I stopped by here while waiting for my flight to Long Beach.  I have to say that the place looked alright from the onset.  However, I went through the menu, but not a lot of choices.  I decided to order the French dip since it appeared to be something that has substance, but will not affect my stomach in flight.  It took me awhile to find somebody to take my order.  Once I did flag down the server, that is where the downhill spiral began.First the server asked me what I had wanted to drink.  I ordered an ice tea.  She told me that they were out of ice tea.  Out of ice tea...................???????? I must say in all my ventures not once have been told somewhere is out of ice tea if it is on the menu (barring power outage, civil unrest, contaminated water, etc.), but I managed to find the exception.  No big deal.  I will go with club soda (at a price of $3.19 for water!).Next, I ordered the French dip.  No problem (except they were out of FRENCH FRIES to go with the FRENCH DIP).  So I had potato chips instead.Finally the sandwich arrived.  The bread had that stale but sticky microwave feel to it.  The server told me they did not have the au jus for it.  I asked what else they had as a substitute.  She gave me salsa.  Enough said..................My understanding is they have a decent bar (so they avoided a one star).If you  are traveling at Sky Harbor, my recommendation is to travel a few more yards away from this establishment and get some real food.
4	Food was good and prepared perfectly. Service was fine as well. It did not appear to be a huge rush, however. We had pulled pork, pork sliders, and the chicken bacon Swiss. All were great. Pricing might be higher than other restaurants, but it is located in the airport after all.
3	Very nice service for a packed airport sports bar. The hockey was nice too.
1	Don't eat breakfast here some type of egg product not real eggs. Coffee sucks, overpriced and worthless service!
4	I had time to kill while waiting for my Southwest flight back to LAX.  The bar nearest my gate was actually a restaurant so I wandered to the next terminal and found Home Turf.  I've spent time at the Home Turf in LAX and was surprised to discover that it is actually a "chain."The bartender was very friendly - almost too much for my usual killing time in a bar taste.  But, then I started noticing the music playing.  "Ice Cream Castles" by The Time?  "Tell Me Something Good" by Rufus?  "DMSR" by Prince?  Damn good stuff!  There wasn't much for sports on because it was still early afternoon so this made my time pass that much better.I asked the bartender who picked the music.  He said it was his iPod so needless to say - he was now cool in my book.  We chatted about some '80's funk and then I headed off to my flight.  Good times.I didn't order food, but the guy next to me had the nachos and they smelled great and were huge.  That's all I have to say about that.
1	Don't ever eat here. Just don't!
3	Waiting for the connection flight, I decided to get a beer. I found the Home Turf Bar, which was right next to my gate.I wasn't hungry and just wanted a quick beer before my flight. They had Shocktop, which is okay with me. It was an okay place to pass the time before it was time to move on.
