5	Warning: their entrance is on the bike path. Alas, after saying that I'm sure you'll still go by and realize that you've passed the address. Had a great experience with these guys. Made a reservation the day of, and even though we were a little late and there was a party in front of us that definitely could have taken our boats, they still honored our reservation and stuck the other group with a tandem kayak. Respect. All the equipment was in good condition; the oars, the boats, the life vests, the docks. I shouldn't be surprised that this is a straightforward and honest operation but it's a relief nonetheless. Also, we told them that we would be arriving by scooter and they let us pull up onto the path and park it next to the little boat house. Thanks for accommodating us, guys!
4	Came here on a Monday afternoon to do some kayaking. The staff here is very nice and helpful. They are very laid back. We did an hour long two tandem kayaking, and went down for 1.5km before turning around and headed back, which lasted about an hour at a moderate pace. Do bring a pair of dry clothes as you will get wet, not to mention be very sweaty from the workout. The water was a bit smelly, but very calm. Luckily we were able to get this done before it rained. The price is very cheap, and the gear is decent. The girls working there are very cute. They have a full snack bar too
4	This place was awesome find in the late summer of Montreal.  Being from the Mid-East humid summers, this was a nice break from the heat.  We rented some kayaks and went for a nice paddle down the canal--it was a beautiful day.  Staff was pretty nice and friendly; letting us leave our stuff behind the desk in the office.
4	Went in early September. Glad I got to go before the close for the season!! (I think its usually mid/late September depending on the weather).Place is easy to find, didn't need a reservation, its affordable, and everythings in good condition.Lady working there was fluent in English, helpful, friendly, and let me keep my purse in the room with her while I went onto the water.  I'd say budget about an hour; I went to the end of the kayak-able section and back in about that time. There's nothing breathtakingly beautiful or a must see but itwas definitely relaxing and enjoyable. Plus, its right next to Atwater market!
