2	I don't think there has been ONE time I received all the food I paid for in their drive-thru?  They go through employees like toilet paper.  Although, they usually have better fries than the rest of the Wendy's.
4	Exciting news people! For years Wendy's has been serving bland tasteless dry burgers and horrible fries. My husband has a certain fondness for them, but he had always been forced to eat at Wendy's without me because I couldn't tolerate crappy fast food. This all changed recently when Las Vegas became THE test market for the entire country for Dave's new Hot and Juicy burger and natural cut fries with sea salt. Yup, in many parts of the country they still are serving those dry tasteless burgers but not here my friends....The new burger is the real deal. It IS hot and juicy and really great for a fast food burger. I don't get why it's so juicy and moist, but it is somehow. They also have nice new fresh veggies (apparently crinkle cut pickles are a big deal? and red onions?) and a new improved bun with BUTTER ON IT. Oh hell yes. If I'm eating 50 grams of fat damnit give me a couple more. The fries are much improved as well ! If you must slum it at Wendy's for whatever reason, have no fear, the food is finally decent !
1	This location has been awful compared to my experiences with the one down the street, closer to Eastern & Serene. My order is always wrong or incomplete at this location. It's sub par & that being its fast food, it's just gross/indelible. Don't bother!
4	I usually come here when I crave a chocolate frosty & fries! I love their frosty, it makes me smile just even thinking about it. Fond memories.Drive-thru is quick and efficient. I am usually in & out of the place in a few minutes.  When I do want more food items other than a frosty, I would usually order the kids chicken nuggets meal & it has everything but smaller and a cheaper price.  Service is normal in any fast food chain and they are friendly.  I have no complaints!
1	Everytime I go to this place (usually I go after 10) the people that give you your food are always rude and never give you what you're paying for. The two men that take your order are always nice (older gentleman and African American man). When I got my frostys (best part about Wendy's) they were only half way full and instead of the young man filling them the rest of the way up he argued with me that that's how they do them even though every other time I get them and he's not there they are filled all the way! Terrible customer service most of the time. I would not recommend going to this location. After my visit tonight I don't think I will be returning to this location! HORRIBLE.
1	I have really tried to give this location the benefit of the doubt but NO MORE!This is the 5th time (yes, 5th) I have given the Eastern location a chance. I thought maybe they had an off day or even an off month??Though the interior is on point, they are lacking in the very place that needs to shine.The food quality is absolutely horrendous. Every time I have ordered any kind of burger the middle is pink and even RED. I didn't know fast food restaurants could cook their burgers at different temperatures (sarcasm)! And whenever I have mentioned it to the manager and staff they seem uninterested and like it's MY FAULT. Enter today's visit, which was from the pick-up window: On my order was the 4 piece nuggets, a double stack, a frosty and a strawberry lemonade. First the nuggets were NOT cooked all the way through because they were jelly like and the breading was very light in color, as if they took them out of the oil WAY too fast. The double stack meat tasted old and the bun was very hard and unpleasant. The frosty was rancid and I had to throw it away, not even 2 scoops I took. And the worst part was the strawberry lemonade! It was GROSS, and extremely watered down. I've seen the process of the drink and it's not rocket science. How hard is it to put strawberry puree, ice and lemonade into a drink??!! NEVER EVER going back! The staff needs to be RE-TRAINED or taught some common sense. Maybe the staff is too young? Or the management is not doing a good job hiring employees. Something needs to be done to fix the problems. Not only is this bad for the company but bad on the consumer who WILL get sick if things aren't fixed. Next time, don't worry so much about having a fireplace in your establishment and worry more about the food quality and service standards, Wendy's!
