3	Delicious wings - sometimes a bit too deep fried for my taste, but really tasty flavors and spices. We went for all-you-can-eat wings night but sadly I could barely finish my first dozen. Beer selection is much improved since  Turadg A.'s post; they have about 30 or so available to choose from.
2	The food here is okay.  Wings, BBQ, Bar foods. The floor here is always super slippery.  It doesn't matter if I am wearing heels or sneakers.  I just don't get why the floor is like and ice skating rink.
4	The main reasons to go to Buffalo Blues would be for their All You Can Eat Ribs night every Tuesday for $21 and their All You Can Eat Wings night every Wednesday for $9.  Make sure you go with a bunch of guys, because it isn't all you care to eat, it is a challenge.  You have to eat all you can eat and your ego is on the line if you don't.  I once went to Ribs night and one buddy of mine ordered a Buffalo Chicken salad when everyone else ordered ribs.  Yea, he regretted his terrible decision.Anyways.  The food itself.  The ribs are basic baby back ribs that come in a choice of mild, medium, and hot bbq sauce.  I tend to just go medium, b/c I find a hot bbq sauce covers up the taste of the meat itself, and when I eat ribs I care more about the taste and texture of the actual meat with the sauce being a supporting player.  The ribs are ok for mass produced ribs, nothing spectacular.  The most I've done is only two racks of ribs, but that was only because I didn't want to keep everyone else waiting up for me.  Ribs come in a rack in first round, and then re-orders come by the half rack.Personally I prefer wing night, as they have fantastic wings.  Wings come in a dozen in the first round, followed by half dozen reorders until you're done.  They have 12 different flavors, but my favorite ones are Buffalo Blue, Old Yeller, and Red Hot Parm.  Buffalo Blue is a tasty bbq sauce that isn't overly sweet like some of their other bbq sauces, Old Yeller is a Carolina Mustard based sauce, and Red Hot Parm is a traditional Buffalo sauce (Frank's Red Hot + Butter) then topped with Parmesan Cheese.  Their Cool Ranch, Garlic Parm, and Spicy Garlic can be a bit greasy, so if you do order one of those make sure its in a batch of 6 and you share with your friends, I kind of like their Spicy Garlic, but no one else ever wants to split an order with me, oh well.  Their Gold Rush and Death Row are their two other non-spicy bbq sauces, but I prefer Buffalo Blue to both of them.For their spicy flavors, there's Red Hot, which is just a traditional Buffalo, there's Howlin' Wolf, which is a spicy sour sauce with pepper seeds on it, and there's Hotter than Hell, which is a spicy bbq sauce.  Personally I find Howlin' Wolf tasty in small quantities, but sometimes the sourness gets to me.  I tend to find spicy bbq sauces a bit funky, so I'm not big on Hotter than Hell.If I have a big appetite I eat from 24-30 wings.  If its just a regular day I'll eat around 18-22ish wings.Note: These wings are huge.  They aren't your typical Wingzone or Quaker Steak and Lube sized wings.  These are real wings from real chickens, not some little baby chicks just hatched from their eggs.The rest of the menu is just typical American restaurant food with various sandwiches, a burger option, salad options, etc.Highly highly recommended.
4	Living down the street of Buffalo Blues has it's advantages and disadvantages.  The huge beer selection means there is something for everyone.  For any game there is always a crowd and you can have a good time eating the wings, which are decently priced and good.The bar is nice in the summer when they open the garage doors.  It's a nice bar to get a beer with friends where you can grab a table to eat then hang out at the bar to watch the game.  But, while they have a good number of HD TVs, only two are broadcast in HD so don't think you'll be getting a great picture.
4	In the last week I've been here twice, partially because I don't know any better and partially because it's actually pretty good! It's one of the few places that doesn't reek of cigarettes, it's never crowded and the open garage doors are great for fresh air.I tried their buffalo (boneless) wings last night in the jack daniel's sauce  - way better than Sharp Edge's. The sauce was pretty mild but still quite tasty and if you're not a super wings eater, you can get a fries/wings combo for super cheap. To wash it down I had Loose Cannon beer, how can you pass up a beer with a pirate tap handle!Our waitress was a little slow, she said it was her first night. Who makes a new girl work on a Friday night! She seemed to have gotten more attentive and fast towards the end, or maybe it's because I wasn't hungry anymore so I didn't care.The beer was pricy - Tuesday night I had a maker's sour for the same price as a pint of beer...
2	The front serves as a good Pittsburgh sports bar. It's a particularly great place to watch the Penguins in the spring when they open up the front wall. There are lots of HDTV's and there is a good selection of beer. The food, however, is bland and is terrible bbq, even for the northeast. I would not come here unless you want to watch a game that you cannot see at home.
2	I've been here quite a few times, and I always try to like it cause theres a lack of good sports bars near Pitt. They have a ton of nice HDTVs.Everytime I go, there is always a weird taste to one (or more) of the beers that I get. I was just there for the Pitt/Oakland game and got a Redhook. I drink this beer regularly, and something was wrong with the beer. Its definitely hard to describe, but something is always off (others in my party notice it too).The food is hit or miss. I got the French onion soup last time. It was good. Nothing ground breaking, but solid soup. I've had the pork nachos and they were blah.
3	Pretty good bar food.  It's conveniently located and a fun atmosphere.
2	I found Buffalo Blues to be merely OK.  I thought that their prices were a bit high for the size of the portions, and their wings were rather small.  I actually liked the wing sauces I tried, though (red hot and spicy garlic).  Our server was friendly, but not terribly attentive.  I would probably only go again on an all-you-can-eat wings night.  For $10 I would certainly get my money's worth, and the quality of the food was OK.Surprisingly, lots of vegetarian options.  A vegetarian in our party was floored by the possibility of having every burger or chicken sandwich made without meat or meat products.
4	Tried this place to get my charred meat on before a steelers game, and was not disappointed.  Boneless Buffalo Wings are my loovveeeeeeeee so I'm pretty easy to please there, and I was super happy that they allow you to order them in a small portion (5 wings).  I tried a medium spicy sauce (instead of jumping right to hotter 'n hell) because I was sick with anticipation for the steelers game, and it was nice and sweet and not bland.  Predicting a healthy selection of nachos and other cheese drenched options at the steeler game, I had a salad.  I expected it to be sad and pathetic, as salads at wing joints often are, but it was really good!  The lettuce was not all nearly white grossness, the other veggies were nice and crisp, and the toppings were great!  I loovveeed the shredded chicken that didn't have a bunch of gross grease all over it.
3	Wednesday is Wing night, i.e., eat your face off night. For ~ $9 you can eat unlimited wings (with your choice of various sauces) for several hours. If you can, top it off with a brownie - they're quite good.I've mostly had the wings at Blues & I like all of the sauces, but the burgers are good, as well. Whatever you do, make sure to get the sweet potato fries & tip your waitress! (Especially if her name is Meg).
3	Wing night wednesdays! 50 cent price wings and $1 beer at William Penn on Tuesdays and my body is not hurting too badly the next day, Buffalo Blues for all you can eat wings. There are a ton of sauces to pair with these wings. They bring them out 5 at a time so plan on ordering your next selection when your wings come out because they take quite a bit of time to come. I don't think I have ever eaten the other food here except for the wings because they are pretty good. The only downside to this place is that service is really really slow.
4	My local sports bar.  It has the prefered sound and  enough televisions so no matter how busy it is, my neck isn't cramped and I don't have to strategically place myself to listen to a game.  It is a bar.  It has bar food.  Nothing really stands out for me in the realm of fries, sandwhiches and wings.  On the other hand, I've never had a bad experience either.  So when I eat there, I'm not anticipating dissapointment or spectacular, but I am expecting constantcy.  Consistancy is what is delivered.  Buffalo Blues does have a wide array of enticing imports and domestics.  Service is spotty, I do find myself hoping to find the more personable staff working when I go there.  The plus is, when specific staff is working, the  place is that much of a better establishment.  Consistantly just above average in my opinion.I chose 4 stars because it is constantly an above par establishment.  5 stars would require something really enticing to set it aside in character from a slew of other sport bar venues.  I would like to observe the spring/summer atmosphere inwhich I'm anticipating another review to be 4 stars.
4	Great Pittsburgh Happy Hour! $5 dollar apps and dollar off tap beers.They have a wide selection of draft beers, so if you like to enjoy flavors other than Miller Light this is a great place to go and enjoy some IPAs at a good price.Wide selection of $5 apps too. We ordered the BBQ Nachos, and they were amazzzing with multiple z's! I crave them all the time now.Great service too. Our server was happy and excited to be there. She made the atmosphere more fun.Get there :)
4	Looks can be deceiving. I thought this place was going to suck, but my meal was delicious. Probably the tastiest Garlic Parm Wings I've ever had. :)
3	This is a great place for happy hour, to catch the game, or to have a small-ish private party. Definitely check out their website for the daily happy hour specials, but Mon-Fri from 5-7pm they have $1 off all drafts1/2 Priced Blues Booze$5 Nachos and Quesadillas$5 basket of wings (10 pieces)East End beers are $3 all day, every day.The food here is not spectacular, but I've always enjoyed what I've gotten. Being from the South, I wouldn't think to order the BBQ or catfish here, so I can't vouch for those. The spicy wings, cheese sticks, salads, and grilled cheese are all good. The regulars and servers are pretty nice people. We watched the Saint/Steelers game here (with our Saints attire on!), and easily made friends the whole night. They also have a small "loft" area that you can reserve for free for a private party, and you're supplied a waitress for the evening. Finally, they deliver! I love having another delivery option besides Chinese and Pizza. Now I can be lazy and eat a big salad!
2	I ate at this restaurant last night with three dining companions.  We decided to sit in the bar area at a high table which had views of the ample number of TV's.  The beer list that they had was nice with about 20 different beers on tap and a nice selection of bottles.  I ended up having the Philly Shackamaximum with my waitress telling me that she preferred the Long Trails Porter.  It was served in a chilled glass and tasted pretty good to me.For dinner we attempted to start off by ordering the Blues BBQ Pork Nachos.  We were told that they did not have any pork and so we were not able to order it.  At this point we were also told that they did not have any veggie burgers as well.  So we started out with the Chicken Chili Nachos.  They were pretty good and were covered with real cheese as opposed to nacho cheese which was to my liking.  For dinner I decided on having the Lovely Lisa's Salad since I love both blue cheese and granny smith apples.  Upon receiving the salad I dug in.  The chicken was cooked nicely, moist and tender, and there was a nice coating of blue cheese on the salad.  However there was a problem since there were no granny smith apples on the salad.  Whenever the waitress came back to check on us I asked about the missing apples.  She went to the kitchen and came back and told us that they were out of them and promptly left.  I am not normally one to complain but I feel like something could have been substituted in for the apples, or that I should have been told before ordering or they could have discounted the salad but none of that occurred.  It is sad that it happened too because the rest of my salad was pretty good but that left the proverbial bitter taste in my mouth.The bottom line is that I have been here before and the food is generally good.   However, leaving a major part off an item and being told that the kitchen is out without any rectification will make me think twice before returning here again.  It is a shame because Buffalo Blues does have potential.
2	My coworkers and I had lunch here on a Friday afternoon, and it was a pretty "meh" experience for me.  We were seated all the way in the back of the restaurant/bar, in a room that I didn't even know existed, so apparently Buffalo Blues is bigger than I thought.  It's nice that they have some tables away from the main bar area.I went for the Hot Veggie Sandwich with sweet potato fries, in some kind of attempt to be healthy.  The sweet potato fries weren't too bad, with a good flaky crisp.  The sandwich left something to be desired.  It wasn't hot, first of all - I'd say the (slightly crumbly) bread had been toasted with the cheese, but all the veggie ingredients were cold, leaving an overall lukewarm effect on the sandwich.  The hummus spread didn't taste much like hummus, and was thick and pastey instead of smooth and creamy.  There wasn't a lot of exciting flavor,  It was just belly-filler, really.  I guess that's what I get for trying to order healthy here.  I just wasn't much interested in it, and I don't think it was worth anywhere near $8.  I better have a darn good sandwich if I'm paying $8.  Also, it was relatively small in size - I don't have a huge appetite, so that wasn't a problem.  But I guess I think an $8 sandwich should either be awesomely delicious, or big enough that I can take half home.  Buffalo Blues was neither.Not particularly interested in returning for any reason.
3	The best thing about Buffalo Blues revolves around Sundays during football season. For me, personally, it's one of the best places to catch an NFL game...especially if you're not a Steelers fan. On any given Sunday, you'll find fans of just about every team in the NFL taking in a game, so the atmosphere is a positive one. Seating is the only issue. Get there early or you might end up standing to see your particular game, as seating can be a premium by the time the games begin. Luckily, the TV's (there are lots of them) are all labeled with the day's matchups, so finding the game you're looking for isn't a problem.The draft beer selection usually has something for everyone, from local craft brews by East End Brewing, to seasonals and your simpler standards (hello, PBR), so if you're a beer person, you won't be disappointed.As far as service goes, it's hit-or-miss. I've had mostly great service at the bar, but I've also had average to below average service at tables. During bigger sporting events - primarily Steelers games - the service can be even more iffy due to the sheer volume of people in the bar area.Overall, I have to rate the food as average. I LOVE their boneless wings, and their wing sauces are all very excellent. Their pulled pork is really tender and delicious, as well, but most of their sandwiches and burgers are simply average. The fries can be either really good, or too soggy and greasy. I think the inconsistency in the quality of the cooking is the main issue. The menu reads really well, which raises your expectations, but sometimes the execution will leave you a little disappointed. It's never horrible, but you'll rarely be blown away by your meal.In the end, I'm giving Buffalo Blues a higher rating based on the experience during sporting events, which, let's face it, is the real draw of a "sports bar." As far as sports bars go, it's my favorite place to catch a game. They always get a good crowd for games (whether Sundays during the NFL season, Saturdays during big college games, or for Pens games), and if you stick to the wings and beer, odds are your experience will be great. There's a good chance that you can go in and find fans of your team if you're an out-of-towner looking for a game, and the crowd is much more accepting, friendly, and relaxed than the crowds I've experience in other sports bars in town. Most of my average experiences revolved around non-game times when you try to get a more traditional meal and realize that there are just better options in Shadyside for lunch and dinner.
2	Superbowl Sunday at the Blues. i came to meet a group of friends to watch the " who really cares about this game"  show. I was mainly interested in seeing Madonna. I do have to say that we had a server who gave us the utmost attention. We had been seated at some tables near the bar mid restaurant that were wobbling and driving me crazy. At the request of the party she moved us up front and center to a much better and stable seat. Much better view to see the Material girl! So our server gets 5 STARS! Not only for that reason, she kept the glasses full and kept checking in with us, and took it all in stride as we ordered at different times and all had separate checks. Very classy, wish I could remember her name. Young girl with dirty blond hair. The food was pretty blah in my opinion. Bar food none too exceptional. We had nachos that were on slightly stale chips. Good size. Everyone had a burger or sandwich. As I glanced over to my friends Pulled pork it looked dry and sad left sitting on the plate. She said it was "EH". I ordered a Gobbler Club sandwich. It was humongous but not that tasty, pretty dry. How can you go wrong with a club but the thick cuts of turkey did not sit well with me and I didn't like it at all. Bad texture. The commercials and time with fun friends saved the experience but I wouldn't go back to eat. Just drinks and sports. I like the location. Easy to park. Close to shadyside. Madonna really was the show stopper this night and unless she performs here I most likely won't be back.
4	I've heard about this place, I've seen this place, and I've wanted to try this place. Finally, yesterday my company took us their for lunch and I did not leave disappointed. Don't get me wrong, this is not a restaurant that is redefining the culinary scene in the city, but it is a tasty place to enjoy your traditional burger, fries, and drink.The atmosphere is total sports bar, but it is not overwhelmingly so. The staff was nice and for being in a party of 14, the server handled us well.The food was great! I got the Salsa Burger subbed with a turkey burger and it was delicious. The burger was plump and large, full of flavor and cooked perfectly. I recommend this burger! It also had salsa and guac on top with some cheddar cheese and my mouth is still watering for it. Tip? Get the sweet potato fries!
3	So, I went to Buffalo Blues tonight for the second time (not the second time tonight, the second time in my life) for dinner and some drinks, and to sum up my experience in a few words, both times it was about what I expected.  Just a fine sports bar - no more, no less.I'll start with the drinks.  They have a good draft selection, and supposedly they've got a nice bottle list too, though I didn't have a look at it, so I can't judge; and the Happy Hour special compliments it well ($1 off all drinks 5PM-7PM).   Plus they have East End drafts at $3/glass all the time, though they were out of Big Hop (the only East End choice they have) when I was there (I don't know if this is a regular occurrence, but if it is, they better do something about it).  The bartenders were friendly and quick to serve, qualities that carried over to the food service as well.The menu has a pretty good selection of pub-y and Southwestern-themed foods from which I picked the black bean and corn quesadilla.  Although at the end I was running low on guacamole (which is $1 extra for a small cup) and sour cream, this is a small quibble.  The meal overall  was good, and since I got it with the happy hour special, I can't complain.  One thing I will mention is that there aren't too many vegetarian choices on the menu (I'm not vegetarian, but I try not to eat too much meat, so I notice these things), so if you're a vegetarian, I would try to look up the menu beforehand just to be sure there's something for you.I know I haven't said much negative about Buffalo Blues in this review, yet I'm still giving it only three stars.  This is the kind of place that makes me appreciate the "word versions" of the ratings that Yelp gives us.  "A-OK," which, if you didn't know, is how Yelp describes three-star reviews, is exactly how I would describe Buffalo Blues.  The comparison I keep going to in my head is Die Hard 2.  It's not nearly as good as its predecessor, but it's still something I'm fine with popping in every once in a while when there's nothing better to watch.To sum it up - I'm not a big sports guy.  Buffalo Blues, though it is a sports bar, is not the place that would sway me to go to watch a game there with my friends (I'll still say that some kind of playoff game of the Steelers-Ravens I watched at Big Jim's was one of the best sports-watching experiences of my life).  And, judging it as a sports bar, it didn't do anything to justify my giving it anything but "just fine."  But I'm sure I'll go back there for happy hour again sometime.
2	When Hotlick's died, Buffalo blues was born. It really is a Pittsburgh staple but come on....Food is really, really average. I love the ribs and wings, but it's about the same as any other rib place in the city, only they charge an arm and a leg for it. This place is for the people that feel that they are at a real rib place, but don't want to cross Centre or Penn Ave. to get real ribs. It, technically is in Shadyside so your Mercedes will be safe! The ambiance: The restaurant is always crowded. Not just crowded, but packed with teens underage drinking, families with too many kids that overflow to your "space" and collage kids who also spill over from the bar. IT'S LOUD AS HELL!!! Forget about a nice quiet dinner. There seems to be no consideration for customers at all. Last time I was there, there was a St. Patrick's Day party (it was NOT St. Patrick's Day) that took over the whole place. Though the staff tried (nah, they didn't really try) to keep them in the so called "party room" I was bumped into several times, spilled my beer, and couldn't hear my wife speak. But as long as they got their money; they could give a crap. Oh and there are like 100 TVs to interrupt any conversation at your table.Want to sit in the bar area? Good luck. You will see a mix of drunk people, women who look like high-end prostitutes and college kids who are only missing a beer bong. Also IT'S LOUD AS HELL!!!!!!!!The "wonderful" Staff: It seems like it's everyone's first day. To put it lightly; the staff suck! To be sure, you will be waiting for your your drinks, food and bill for a very, very long time. Expect to be there for about 2-3 hours. The wait staff are forgetful, inattentive and very sloppy at their job. It pains me to leave any tip for them. Most of the staff are hot, stacked, absolutely stupid and should be working at Hooters not a place where your bill will be upwards of $50 for two people. Be prepared to be met with this saying, "Oh, like ohmygod, I am so sorry i forgot that, he he!" (oh she's twisting her finger in her hair while she's talking). You will get bad service...period (in fact, I can't remember the last time a wait person actually wrote down my order, and they're idiots so no worries).The food: Kinda good. Menu is huge, you'll find something you like. But I go there about 2-3 times a year for the food. It is way too expensive. Do not take a date there. Your average bill for a meal with actual proteins will run you in the high 40s without booze. There are so many bar-food places that don't claim to be high class that are just as good as this place. I grew up with the rib sauce and love it, but for your average consumer, skip it!This place is a wannabe sports bar that tries too hard to be high end. Just watch out for the vomiting college kids with trust funds...they're everywhere!!!!!
4	This review is on lunch at Buffalo Blues. I have been here a number of times for dinner and for late-night drinks, and have always thought it was a great place to grab a drink and watch a game, but haven't been overly impressed with the food. That is, until yesterday. I came in for a quick bite to eat and ordered the Hot Veggie sandwich. It was FANTASTIC - the best veggie sandwich I have had here in Pittsburgh. Other than that, service was good and fairly quick. I made have found my new go-to lunch spot!
4	Food: 2 stars. It's really not very good. Especially the entirety of the combination platter they make with chicken fingers and wings. Blue cheese wasn't bad though. My wedge salad was enormous- more like a half head of lettuce than a wedge. Nice and fresh though. Drinks: 3 stars, for the decent variety (better than expected from a place like this) and the game time specials.Service: 3 stars. Could have been better, could have been worse. Friendly but unattentive and not good at realizing when to come to the table. (Hint: if one person calls you over for a drink, make sure the rest of us are set before running away.) Atmosphere: 4 stars - really good job of having enough televisions for everyone to see the game/s and marking each so you know what's on. 1 Bonus star for accommodating the Pittsburgh area Buffalo Bills fans! GO BILLS!!!
2	Oh how the mighty have fallen. This place used to be good. Something happened and the wings are small dry and just generally bad. Since wings are supposed to be their thing this is pretty unacceptable.Writing this review makes me sad because it is a great place to drink beer and watch the game. The beer is reasonably priced but the food is just expensive for what it is. I essentially live across the street so I know I'll go back, but I hope some of these poor reviews will help them turn things around in the kitchen.
3	The buffalo chicken dip is very good. Their wing nights are decent (gold rush/death row are probably the two best flavors in my opinion). Wednesday night trivia is also fun (thought it took much longer than expected). A good sports bar to say the least, usually went there for world cup and euro cup soccer games as well.
4	Good fun place to watch games while drinking and eating chicken wings or sandwiches.They have a good selection of wings and decent beer. I try different kinds of wings  every time  I go in but so far spicy garlic has been my favorite. This is a typical sports bar.
2	Good place to watch a sports game.  Beer specials were good. Food is very overpriced though.  The wings are about the worst I've ever had... and I've had alot of wings growing up in Buffalo, NY.
2	Pass on this place, there are better restaurants mere feet away.The menu here is too large, which is a sure sign none of the food is going to be good.  And, its not good.  Some of the salads are alright, but its just not good food.The service is friendly and prompt, but the beer is over priced.  They do have a good selection though.This place is open late if you need a bite to eat, but there are so much better options out there.
1	This is the worst service (or worst non-service) I have ever experienced. Since I can't give zero stars, I'm giving the service one. We didn't eat anything so I can't comment on the food. My husband and I went to Buffalo Blues last night. We stood at the empty hostess stand for a while. When no one came to seat us, and we couldn't find anyone to seat us, we seated ourselves figuring that's what we were supposed to do.The bar was full, but not packed. There were only two other tables with guests, one of which had empty plates on the table during this entire experience. After what seemed like forever, my husband got up to find a server. He literally walked around the restaurant to find someone, but couldn't. He then tried to ask the bartender, but she was just as elusive. When he finally found a server,  she acted totally shocked that we were there. Maybe if someone had been doing their job, they wouldn't be surprised to find hungry people in a restaurant.She came to our table, got our drinks (a soda and a water) and asked us if we were ready to order. When we said no she said she would be back. We could see her chit chatting with another server, but again, couldn't get her attention to come back to take our order. After another ten minutes of waiting for her to return, we put a few dollars on the table for my soda and we left. We ordered a pizza at a local shop and picked it up on our way home.Twenty-five minutes passed and we only get drinks? Such a waste of time. It took us 20 minutes just to make the drive there, 25 of waiting, and another 20 to get home. That's over an hour of our evening completely wasted which left us starving after a hard days work. I used to work as a server so I could understand if the place was busy and the staff was short handed, but it was basically a dead night table top wise. I will NEVER go back.
3	Their food is okay and beer selection is diverse and good. The problem i have with the place is that Buffalo Bills fans congregate here and cheer on every mediocre play their football team makes, (or almost makes) so it's like watching the Superbowl except it's a losing record team stopping a team on third down.
1	I hate this place. I have been here many times and I am just finally getting around to writing a review.  Let me state that my wife made me go here tonight because my friends wanted to and she said I need to indulge their interests. Even if they suck. Buffalo Blues is like a Hooters, except the girls where more clothes and are not as good looking. The service is horrendous and the food may be better at Hooters.  The beer selection is decent at Buffalo Blues but it is expensive and they often run out of things that are still on the board.My friends like going for all you can eat wing night but frankly I don't get it. You get 10 wings up front they will give more wings 5 at a time. The problem is that you get those wings in 30 minute intervals.  So the max you could eat is 55 wings. Did I mention that  the wings are really tiny and the sauce is tossed on like a Jackson Pollack painting.  They also charge extra for blue cheese or ranch.  The wings do not come with celery. This is a crime against humanity and the city of Buffalo.  I chose to detour from wings tonight and ordered a chicken sandwich. Apparently this was a bad choice.  It took a full hour to get my food. It was so long that the rest of the table ate their wings and ordered more and the waitress didn't think this was a problem. When my meal did arrive everything was cold. The sandwich was ok, but the fries were just tiny pieces that were limp and flavorless.I paid $16 for a beer and a sandwich that my friends had to wait for me to eat to leave.  I would say I won't go back, but apparently I like my friends more than I like good food and service.
1	Went here this past Saturday afternoon, 11/2. My friends and I sat at the pretty much empty bar for over 5 minutes with no service. The bartender walked by us a few times and didn't even acknowledge we were there. As we walked out, we saw the bartender on the phone and other staff members standing in the back chatting. We went next door to Mad Mex and got much better service!
4	Loved the hot vegetarian sandwich. Not easy to find veggie dishes which don't feel like a compromise. This was great. Excellent service from waitress Ariella with the long black pony tail (don't know her last name). Nice casual atmosphere. Resonable prices.
4	Great beer selection and nice happy hour deals. I recommend the garlic parm wings. Good service too
2	I have a love-hate relationship with this place...  I love it because it's extremely close to me (so, it's convenient when I'm craving a beer) and the atmosphere on Sundays is outstanding.  I'm a giant Steeler fan, but you'll probably find fans from all 32 teams in Buffalo blues, which gives it a fun and exciting feel during NFL Sundays.  However, I hate it because I believe the alcohol and food is overpriced.  The food wouldn't rub me the wrong way so much if I thought it was worth the price, but I don't.  Not even a little bit.  The only thing I have found to be delicious there were the wings; however, you can go to almost any other bar to get delicious and cheaper wings.  So, it's not really much of a win at all.  Also, I want to have a handful of beers during the games, but I don't want to empty my pockets doing it.  So, all in all, I recommend going once and awhile (mainly on Sundays) for a beer or two, but other than that it's not worth much of a visit.
1	To be honest, I think this is one of the worst bars in the entire city.  The food was sub-par, even for bar food, the service was awful, especially during a game. I do enjoy a good sports bar, but I think the thing I hated most about this place was the other people that frequent there. It's the quintessential Shadyside bar, equipped with doughebag bros that went to the same fraternity in college and the Jersey Shore bimbos who pine for them. The last time that I went there were two guys throwing up outside of the bar on the sidewalk. I fully admit this is a subjective review, because this bar was obviously not my scene- but I still do not like this place at all.
1	Unfortunately, the service we were given ruined our overall experience at Buffalo Blues. We sat down and put in our drink order.  My husband was excited about the amount of beers they had on tap. Fifteen minutes later and still without drinks, we saw our server trying to hunt the bartender down. Once the bartender finally started working on our drinks, she realized the keg for the beer my husband ordered was tapped. We were sitting at the booths right next to the bar but instead of the bartender just telling us so we could make another decision and get our drinks as soon as possible, she waited for the waitress to come back to tell her. Then, the waitress came back and did not apologize at all but simply said that he had to pick a different beer because they were out of that one. Anyway, long story short, it took way too long to get drinks and there was never any recognition from the staff of the issue. The restaurant seemed poorly managed and subpar. We will not be back.
3	I would take advantage of All you can eat wings on Wednesday. We went on a regular oll Sunday night and even though the wings were tasty, my frugal self would've rather had AYCE. We tried a variety of sauces (we ordered 20 wings and every 5 can be a different flavor) The Buffalo Blues sauce was ok. It was just their signature bbq sauce. WE also tried garlic parm, honey teriyaki & gold rush. All were ok. The boozy buffalo is a good drink. It consist of smirnoff orange, tanquery, jose cuervo, captain, triple sec, OJ, fresh squeezed lemon and a splash of Coke. I seriously felt fabulous after one. It's served in a mason jar. ($12)Lauren was a nice server even though the table in front of us put her through some bs-- they ate all of their food then complained to the server and asked for the manager complaining that what they got it wasn't what they ordered... no idea why they waited until every scrap of food was gone to complain but you know, you'll have that. kudos to Lauren for keeping a smile on her face.
1	Watched a bartender serve a guy a beer when he was visibly intoxicated. He was swaying in circles on the chair next to me. I told the manager about it and he told me "that guy is just crazy, I've seen him much worse" so I guess that makes it ok. Made this paying customer leave after one beer.
3	Had a wonderful beef and pulled pork burger at Buffalo Blues yesterday. The food and drinks were great;however, as far as I could discern this sports bar only had one waitress trying to cover over 30 customers. And this on a Saturday with the world cup games. I saw only one waitress and a bar man. The gal was valiantly trying to keep up. But the burger was great.
4	This place is a keeper! It was pretty good. I got the Cajun chicken sandwich with french fries for take out. I waited at the bar, and ordered a drink while I waited. I had the Caipirinha... Not as good as Seviche's, but then again this is Buffalo Blues.... If you need an "All American" food fix, this is the place to be.
4	I may be a little biased... this place is right down the street from my house and we go there frequently, but I think Blues is great. I have had quite a few things in the menu but two things that I love more than others are the cobb salad and the Oscar's Garbage burger.      The cobb salad is just a cob salad, but some how they make it better than most. I don't know if it's the sprout or the dressing, but it is one of the best cobb salads I have ever had.      And the garabge burger....Mmmmmmm. This burger caught my attenetion at first because it has an egg on it. I lovelovelove a burger with an egg on it.  I don't know what genuis started the egg on a burger trend, but kudos to you!But that's not all. Imagine a Primanti's sandwich but with a big, fat burger. It has fries, cole slaw, an egg and American cheese. My BF often comments it's strange there's no bacon, but honestly, that'd be over kill. They also have a really good veggie sandwich with Hummus (I don't remember the name), a great buffalo chicken sandwich and fantastic appitizers. Also, it's worth mentioning they hace really good hand cut fries- not those mushy frozen crap sticks- and GREAT fresh homemade potato chips. Now, as far as the ribs and wings go, I'm not a big ribs/wings person. I can appreciate that they're good, but I wouldn't order it much. Having said that, my BF frequently orders one or the other and I always have my fair share of tastes. he raves about them so....If you looking for a nice place to watch a football or hockey game or just craving some good food I highly suggest it!
1	I've been to Buffalo Blues a few times at Happy Hour, and met my daughter there last night for Happy Hour specials as advertised on the web site.  First clue:  no Happy Hour promos mentioned in the bar except for the Yeungs and Wings (which was not what we were looking for).  We came close to leaving as my beer was off the draft list, but we decided to stay and were disappointed that my daughter's choice was already gone although still ilsted.  The food was awful, the service worse.  Maybe a busser should clean the table after removing the dirty dishes--our table was a sticky  mess.  The service:  one beer to the table at a time.  Next round I saw two beers go to a three-top, removed and sent to the bar, poured out and the glasses refilled and brought to us.  Someone else's food was brought to our table, our fries came out --lukewarm---but our wing order never went in.  So we got our garlic parm wings which tasted like old overcooked chicken and was way too crispy and greasy for my taste.  We ate two each, then told the server we didn't want them.  She offered to take them off, but we told her that wasn't necessary, so they took off 1/2 the price as a Customer service gesture.  Still, we had a Happy Hour bill for 1/2 eaten fries, barely touched wings, and 6 drafts total of $45 at a dirty table.  At least the place was quiet--there were empty tables everywhere.  I think we're done here.
2	Wings are overpriced. And the quality of them are bad. They were tough and greasy. The staff are pleasant but then over all experience was too expensive for a sports bar.
