5	This place is awesome. Great selection of juices and devices at good prices. Knowledgeable staff eager to help whether beginner or advanced vaper. Definitely recommend this place.
5	AWESOME! Top 3 favorite vape spots after my first visit! This shop has everything you're looking for in a high-quality vape shop, whether you're brand new to vaping or have been in the game for years.Kevin is warm, friendly, and extremely knowledgeable -  about products, the industry, and trends alike - and his selection of everything from starter kits to high-end mods is huge! The selection of juices is vast, not to mention some of the best I've tried. If you haven't stopped in here yet (even if you don't live nearby), you must asap! Definitely worth the drive. Since I feel like part of the family and can't get enough of the juices I picked up, I will most definitely be back. Check this place out!
5	This shop is great. The people are very friendly and willing to help you out and explain any questions. I will absolutely go back to try their juice!!
5	Owner is very knowledgeable and honest! I have been there twice and have left happy both times and will be back! Def recommend this as your new vape shop!
4	I really only have one gripe about this shop. The juices on the sample bar all contain various nicotine levels. Some seem to be very low and have just a barely there throat hit, and some seem to be extremely high, to the point of not even being able to actually taste the juice you're sampling.
5	Love East Valley Vapors, they moved me up in the big boy stages of vaping.  Kevin is very helpful in the education of not having to spend a fortune and to sustain a reasonable cost of living outside of smoking.  Thanks Kevin for all of your help!!!
5	Had to write a review. We spent last Sunday driving around trying to get a new kit and juice for family member who was interested in getting into Vape. Went to a few shops that had pool tables and all that going on but few hardware choices. This place had exactly what we were looking for. I had purchased my EVOD starter kit in CA the week before at an amazing shop, hopefully we see that level here soon. But Kevin has the knowledge and service to bypass any shortcoming in the look of the place. (Display cases were packed and a little disorganized). The price was a shock, a complete $20 cheaper than I paid. Dang CA prices. The juice bar needs a little spruce up, but flavors are great and had to pick up another Suicide Bunny. I will be back, and according to Kevin there are installing some TVs for football season so maybe the entire place will see a makeover soon.
5	East Valley vapes get 5 stars for me in juice selection,  hardware and costumer service. I'm always happy to support local shops and I will definitely come back here. Kudos to the owner Kevin for great customer service.
5	Traveling thru the area, my tank was leaking and low on juice.  Found East Valley Vapors.  Kevin is awesome!  He set me up with a new tank, got to sample some great juices. I wish this shop was in my neighborhood!!  They have everything!!
5	East Valley Vapor is the best!  I love their juices and Kevin is the most helpful guy ever!  He is helping me on a day he is closed because I was out of juice!  Highly recommend!!!
5	I concur. Very helpful dude.
5	Very helpful and a huge selection. Good shop to go to if you're new to the world of vapors as the owner does not hesitate to help answer any questions you may have.
5	Kevin is a super chill owner! He knows a ton about products, juices and vaporizers and was really nice. I went and chilled with him and vaped awesome juices and played Call of Duty on Xbox, it felt like I was hanging with my best friend and I had just met the guy. Great place, wish I could give it ten stars!
