4	New location!  OPEN 24 HOURS A DAY, 7 DAYS A WEEK!   It's the same as any other Carl's Jr, except it's brand new and cleaner.  Burger selection is pretty good, and so are the choices for chicken and salads.  They probably have one of the best fast food breakfast menu's, IF you are into different kinds of breakfast burrito's and/or breakfast sandwiches(which I am).  I look at Carl's Jr as a good fast food alternative to your typical McDonald's or Burger King, with slightly better food and better shakes.**TIP*** Go to their website and find the location near you, and they have several online coupons you can print out to save you some cash!
1	2 people working the night shift.  Kid makes my food right after sweeping or something and doesn't bother washing or putting gloves on.  Food went in the trash and Carl's Jr will never get my business again.  Not surprised Dateline found them/Hardee's to have an insane amount of health code violations.
4	Was pleasantly surprised today when eating here with my husband. Our burgers were fresh and hot, and not covered in sause. Friendly service, clean. Keep it up!
2	If you go to this location, be prepared for a long wait! I have to echo previous comments in that the food is fine, but wait times are horrible! I have only been here twice and both times the drive thru wait was extremely long. I thought the first time might have just been a busy day for them, but then in my second trip it was the same terrible experience waiting. In this recent visit, I spent over 30 minutes in the drive thru! I would have left but I was blocked in so forced to wait over half an hour for 2 burgers. I won't be returning. There are two many burger places in close proximity that don't ave the service time issues I've experienced here.
5	Frida was one of the most amazing workers I have ever seen. You should of seen how she could double task. She should be running a Carls junior, not just working at one!
5	We come here on a regular basis, mainly because we can get drinks for $0.79 + tax.  But with a 10% student discount and our bank gives us money back for using our debit, about $0.65.Sometimes we'll get breakfast here and their burgers are decent, some are a little overpriced, but you get a good amount of food.We've gotten to know some of the people here and they are always friendly with excellent customer service.  Really, as far as fast food, this is about as good as it gets - excellent service, clean place (when we choose to eat in) and reasonably quick, as the food is cooked when you order and not sitting under some heating lamp growing stale.Oh, and they always have ice when we need it.  I prefer the bags of ice at Carl's Jr as the chunks are bigger so the ice lasts longer than McDonald's, although the bags are $0.99 here as opposed to less at the McDonald's across the street.  Well worth the extra $0.10 to $0.15.It's also in a great location for us, on the way home.
