5	My new fave!!!  All organic, mostly raw and soooo delicious!  I absolutely love the combo salad served on "onion bread" made raw by owner/chef Michael in his dehydrator.  I'm vegan but even my non-vegan friends love it! Bon apetit!
5	Wow - a flavorful and healthy meal with excellent service. We tried a combo and a salad and loved it all. For desert was a vegan strawberry cheesecake that was also amazing. Don't let the raw and vegan description scare you into thinking you won't be satisfied. My omnivore husband enjoyed every bite. Even our one year old was happy and loved the onion bread. The service was really wonderful and the food was even better. I highly recommend supporting this local, organic restaurant.
5	The food here was very raw, vegan, and organic.  The owner was very nice, he takes his love of food very seriously, he was hospitable, and was also giving us samples of different desserts which were amazing!  The salsa guacamole and chips were awesome!
2	Service was friendly but slow. Took 20 minutes for a salad when I was the only person in the restaurant .  Salad was excellent a little pricey at 12.95.  This could be a great place if they fine tuned the service and paid attention to the details.
5	Organic Shores is the perfect balance between yummy and healthy!  The staff is friendly and offer very good service.  Love the food and love the concept of eating raw.  My favorite part about the restaurant is the knowledgeable chef, Mike, who is always willing to share his raw food information with you!!!
3	Another raw food restaurant in Phx. Yeeehh!  It has a wonderful atmosphere and decor in a quiet shopping center in the northeast.  The menu is limited, but the items are tasty. Good fresh plates of green veggies with nuts and seeds made to order.  The guacamole is delish!  Very tasty onion crackers (it's named onion bread on the menu, but it's dehydrated paper thin and won't hold a sandwich, plus only 2-4 triangular pieces are served with the meal).My two points of criticism are:  1) the desserts are over priced - $10 for a small slice of cake.  I'll try it once, but not again.  2) too much oil on the meal - with so many nuts and seeds, no oil needs to be added.Will eat there again in the far future.
5	I am a big meat eater but this is incredibly delicious, pure food, sorely needed in Phoenix. I had the Italian wrap and carrot cake, both so delicious it was amazing!!
5	After getting stung at the fakery called True Food Kitchen (review here http://www.yelp.com/biz/true-food-kitchen-scottsdale?hrid=zz0LIHR45P2wPczfO0IIbg) Yelp led me to this place. I got a spicy pad thai mixture of veggies and noddles. All organic and vegan. Delicious. If it wasn't $16.95 I'd recommend it for eating everyday. Sane filling food. Tiny quiet place with very comfortable chairs. And had a nice conversation with the proprietor and his shy waiter about Mohandas Ghandi and how he starved during his school days in England due to his refusal to break his vow to his mother not to eat meat and the his hosts' ignorance about preparing filling vegetarian meals. Eventually he started a vegetarian club, which led to the discovery of his weakness at public speaking. The hunger didn't tamp down his erotic desires though, but at least he stopped passing himself off as a single man.
5	I have eaten here 3 times and the food is excellent. I had a pad thai salad, guacamole salad, and vegetarian lasagna. The combination of ingredients and the flavors were wonderful. The food was very satisfying and I felt good after eating it. I recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants a healthy and tasty meal. I will definitely be going back!
5	Amazing flavor, fresh, healthy goodness!  ORGANIC - RAW - VEGAN.... this is the place for you!  My body-builder husband, who is currently on his low carb diet, even finished the special treat (Mt. Everest) from Chef Michael Joseph.  Chef Michael puts his heart and soul into his creations.  Everything is prepared fresh, so please be prepared for a worthwhile wait.  Your taste buds will not be disappointed with Organic Shores and your body will thank you.
5	Hands down one of the best meals I've had in my life. So much flavor & it's ORGANIC!! Had the chow mein. Staff was friendly and answered all of my silly questions, you definitely get what you pay for, worth every cent. I will happily be back!! :)
4	Clean organic, vegan, raw fresh food and juices, in a quiet cafe setting.I've been here only once and had the California Salad. It comes with a couple small pieces of onion bread, which is actually a raw dehydrated cracker, not the soft spongy stuff you usually think of when you hear the word "bread". The bread has basil walnut pesto on it which is called "pate" on the menu (a bit confusing). The salad and entree seem to be essentially the same thing except the entree has more onion bread and costs a couple more bucks.The salad is a delicious medley of fresh, flavorful organic greens, cranberries, walnuts and seeds tossed in a homemade dressing that is sweet and tangy. I like the onion bread and pesto it comes with - you gotta like garlic, though, and I do. The portion size is huge. I think it would be nice for two people to share a salad and raw dish for a light but nourishing lunch.They also have desserts like mud pie, carrot cake and cheesecake.It's a nice relaxed cafe atmosphere with lovely dish ware, dark colors in the dining room, and big cushioned chairs. The ambiance transcends its strip mall setting. The staff is friendly but the place is a little too quiet. On a weekday at noon I was the only diner there for most of my lunch, and the most prominent sound was the hum of a refrigerator. Then someone put on some music, very quiet. I would like to come back and try some of the raw specialties but I'm not sure I will get to them, seeing as how the salad is so good. They also have fresh pressed juices here. There's a sign out front saying that they have classes on juicing and nutrition. The staff members told me they were on a juice fast, when I went there. But it's a little weird to be told how much better it is to juice, while you're eating a meal at a restaurant. You don't get tap water here, you get a plastic bottle of "spring water"  - I'd like the option to just have filtered water without the plastic, though.A little spendy for a salad but it's organic, fresh and delicious, and that's extremely rare in Phoenix. Good food can be medicinal and Organic Shores fits that category.
4	The ambiance is good, the food is even better. Really great organic and raw vegan food. It was delicious to be sure. I had the Pad Thai. My mother had another dish, my sister another, and my other sister and her husband had the veggie burrito. All were prepared well and delicious and fresh. I recommend this wonderful oasis for anyone who loves fresh organic food.
4	Wanting to get out from my home office and go for a walk with a destination in mind I headed for Organic Shores. Knowing this cafe is a blend of vegetarian cooked and raw food and to quel my panicked question "Where's the beef?" I ate some grass fed humanely raised steak at home just in case. After my long walk I quenched my thirst with a freshly squeezed house made lime and apple juice and got a little confused when it came to me pink. I enquired on the colour and it was left over beet juice from the drink before.Personally I feel it should be clean for each drink but hey at least it was organic. More concerning was the brown oxidation foam on top of my drink. Cute and creative but really? How could they not know this? But I will admit it was as good as the fresh Limonada natural that I used to get living in Mexico. I decided to play it safe and ordered the Nacho Supreme. Beautifully displayed and the site did not disappoint  my tastebuds. In fact it had such a meaty full fat mouth feel that I really did not miss the lack of meat (my blood type O apologies to the vegans and vegetarians reading this). This dish was enough for two to share for sure. What really drew me to this place besides the organic appeal was their raw deserts. As a sexy gluten intolerant girl It is not often I get to have my cake and eat it too. They did not have all the options available on their desert menu but was happy to give the New York style dairy, soy and gluten free cheese cake a try. This too did not disappoint. I did not miss the dairy one bit. The service was good however I felt rushed. I came to chill out and hang out with the love-of-my-life. Our server asked us twice before our meal was finished if we wanted desert. I finally said yes after the second  time just to get her to allow me my chill factor I was looking for. Maybe she got nervous seeing me tap away on my iPhone. It's all good. The owner came over and asked how our food was but did not introduce himself. Sure wish he did so I could  stand up and hug this guy for putting an organic restaurant in my neck of the woods that I can walk to. The menu is not extensive but has some great choices on it. There are a couple of grain options and once I get to know the owner I will teach them how to make a mean raw veggie wrap and chips and paleo crackers and abolish grains once and for all. The atmosphere is welcoming and relaxing despite our over zealous yet courteous server. I really hope that this place catches on because we need more places like this. What was interesting is the people who did come in after us where very conscientious about where the food was coming from to the point that one was upset they were serving bottled water. You do not have to a be vegetarian, vegan, or a "woo-woo hipster" to enjoy the awesome flavorful dishes of Organic Shores. This a great place to catch up on computer work (free wifi), meet with a potential client, or catch up with a friend. To put this into perspective for my So Cal tribe this is on the same level as Cafe Gratitude. I will be coming back for sure. There are many more dishes to try and so little time with my crazy hectic speaking schedule. Thanks Organic Shores.
5	Amazing food! How is it that I have I never found you before now. Food was wonderfully prepared and presented! Flavors were amazing and perfectly combined. Perfect portions. Prices are very reasonable. I will definitely be back again. I think I just found my new lunch spot!
