5	When I was a wee lass in school at McGill I dated a french boy who was very sweet and spoke very little English. Our relationship lasted into him becoming a completely fluent anglophone and I became more and more disenchanted with the Quebecoise way of life. Though our romance ended after a year or so, the beautiful little charms that he bought me at Freitag were less transient. His taste was not superb and while he meant well  it wasn't long before I steered him to Freitag on St. Laurent and said very clearly: "If you want to buy me something, buy me something here." I knew it was basically a flawless plan since all the handmade baubles here were so charming that I would've been happy with anything in the store. Run by a cute little french lady and filled with small silver charms, a few delicate gems and a powder blue motorbike it was just as charming as the jewelry it held.After we broke up and I moved back to California we kept in touch briefly and that Christmas a surprise package arrived with a long letter professing his love with broken English verbs. Accompanying the note was a gaudy silver chain with plastic balls and silver hanging all over it. I was happy I didn't have to send back a necklace from Freitag.
4	When I lived in Montreal, this was hands-down my favorite jewelry store. Along with three friends, we used to make a weekly visit to browse (after cheap Thai and 2 for $5 beer at Maison Thai, before it turned terrible!) Sometimes our grad school budgets even allowed for a purchase!  I was a regular patron for about 5 years and have a number of pieces that I still wear regularly. Like Jane K., I also directed my husband there and told him any item he purchased would make me happy! Some prices are a bit high, but overall the quality is good and I never found another store in the city that satisfied my Sterling cravings like Freitag.The owner has fantastic taste and although she never struck me as overly gooey nice, she was always helpful. She has her own line that she makes (marked by a tiny charm stamped "Freitag 925") which offers simple, clean pieces that I consider timeless. She also has helped with adjustments - she took a link out of a bracelet my husband bought and turned the link into a pendant for me, and after I shortened the chain on a Freitag necklace I bought and regretted it, she replaced the chain with a longer one (for a small charge, or even free, can't remember). I miss my visits to Freitag and still make it a point to stop in when I'm in Montreal - I'm never disappointed!
5	Love this place!  A friend that lives in Montreal brought me in while I was visiting.  I bought a beautiful ring there and wish my budget would have allowed me to buy more.
4	Location: On the Main - street parking or public transit. The place: A fairly spacious and loft-like jewelery shop owned by a local creative gal.The goods: These guys make urban jewelry in silver and semi-precious stones. Many of their pieces are one-of-a-kind and thus, unique, so if you're looking for something different, made by a local, check this place out. They had some beautiful pieces.Service: I was just looking so can't comment, other than to say that we were greeted in a friendly manner, and the clerk at the counter patiently took the time to help the person that was already in the store when we arrived. Price point: Their prices were pretty decent - this of course depends on the piece that you are looking at. Larger pieces will be more expensive. I'd say that an average price is about $60.
