2	Needed a place to practice hitting. Otherwise I'd have found another place. Not enough room in the slow pitch cage to allow for a full swing. Thankful I had someone with me to pull the net away. Definitely not worth $25 for an hour of pitches. Two stars only because it's indoors.
4	This place was awesome! We had a batting cage in the front building and had a lot of room to move around and swing. Only reason I didn't give them five stars was because the machine kept getting stuck every once in awhile but other than that the lady there was very friendly and helpful.  She explained how everything worked and when the busy time are ( between 5-6pm) due to the schools getting their teams practice in. They have bats that you can use, small but useful amounts with different lengths and weights. They have good lighting, a vending machine with snacks and drinks ( Gatorade) probably found my new batting practice place because it was a great first time experience and its close to the house. If you live in the north/ northwest area I would recommend this place to go and check out! Happy batting everyone!!
2	Avoid this place. Yes the price is okay, but it's not worth the experience. It was packed with people sitting there doing nothing. Staff was not helpful or pleasant. Go to The Dugout instead!!
3	This batting cage is very small and just enough to get a swing in and hit for an hour or so. We made reservations to come and hit with 5 of my friends. We reserved a slow and fast but just ended up doing the fast pitch. Everyone but myself had very little experience so it was funny showing them how to load the balls and hit. There are a couple snack machine if you have change on you, which I didn't. They also have vending machines for drinks, after hitting for an hour I was really thinking about just going all out on the machine with a bat but decided against it. We were allowed in without helmets, which I though was weird. Usually they make you use one for protecting but I was totally OK with it. Also the bat they gave us was really worn but what else do you think they would have. I think that you can fed your own balls, you can go as fast or as slow as you would like. Just seems like the place is pretty tiny and the previous location was better laid out. Glad there is still a place open in town tho. There have been a lot of places that closed down.
4	I had a baseball game the next morning I arrived at bat-r-up right before it closed. they were closing down but cut me a great deal to get some swings in. the batting cage did it purpose. miss the days where you could take batting practice for $2.00 for 20 cuts, scandia where have you gone.
1	Small and not enough room. Avoid this place if you're bringing a whole team. Last resort.
