1	Every once in a while I get snookered into going to a chain restaurant like this and though I go with an open mind, I am frequently disappointed.  This was the case at Chili's S. Las Vegas Blvd.It took forever for the waiter to take our order.It took forever for the food to come.My fajitas were not sizzling when brought to the table and warmOne person at our table never got their soupThe manager came by shortly after the food arrived and asked how everything was and I told him, he said "sorry to hear that" and kept walking.  WTF?If you find yourself driving by and you're hungry......keep driving.
3	Personally when I ate here my experience was as it is at every chili's I've ever been to.. tasty... reliable.. and incredibly unhealthy. I'm off topic here but how depressing is it that most of their salads have over 1000 calories? Damnit you can't even try to eat healthy here.
1	I agree with these reviews.This is the worst chain restaurant. It was late evening, no one in the restaurant and the staff totally ignored us and wouldn't even bother seating us. WTF indeed.We left and will never, ever go back there. Too many other choices in Las Vegas to be treated like well, I hate to say it but none paying customers.Now that I read the reviews, I'm actually thankful that we never got seated!
5	Great service!  Food tasted great too.
3	Chilis is always just Chilis no matter how you try to spin it. The food is okay, it fills your need to for some grub but never leaves you saying oh my goodness I just cant wait to come back and sit under the gigantic Chili... Really the stars I am plopping down on this one are all because the service was great. The waiter we had was on top of the strawberry lemonade and waters at our table and this always keeps me happy when my drink is full. I received my side of Honey mustard and I did not have to ask for a bill. I wish I had more to say, or some extravagant suspenseful story to tell but well.... the only thing spicy about this review was the pepper on my fries.
4	food good..waitress sucks
5	Try Chili's express lunch!  I get the soup, salad and chips.....all you can eat $6 bucks
4	This review is for the bar only on a Saturday night (5/21)This location is somewhat near southern highlands and my buddy suggested we meet here for a few drinks and to catch up and pre-game before we headed up to the strip to have a little fun. Service was good, the two bartenders (Jess and Tiffany) I think did a good job. They served quickly and with a smile and my drinks were relatively strong, so +1. The Well rum wasn't very tasty, but what can I expect, it's Well. Prices were good, but we were here late and on a Saturday the happy hour isn't in effect. Sucks we didn't get happy hour price but well's aren't pricey.My buddy got some egg rolls or something, he said they were pretty good. They were supposed to close at 11 but stayed open and served us because other customers walked in at about 10:55 and ordered off the menu. Good customer service at the bar, that's all I needed.4 nice stars.
1	The service was very slow, which got us a free desert.  I am not sure that was worth it.
3	This is your standard chain Chilis, but be prepared to wait.  The location is prime for both tourists and locals making this entire complex very crowded for both lunch and dinner.
3	What more can I say, it's Chili's nothing more or less. Basic bar and grill joint great for just hanging out. This location is usually busy because its on LV Blvd , however is close to 5 min from home. All in all its a nice place.
3	I came here with Don on his 45min lunch break. We ordered bottomless chips and salsa, an Avocado Burger to split, blackberry iced tea, and mango iced tea. We were really pressed on time, but they managed to bring everything out right away. The iced teas were tasty and refreshing. It was nice to see Blackberry iced tea on the menu, since not many places have that in their iced tea selection. The Avocado Burger was good, but nothing special. It was on a wheat bun with avocado, red onion, and Swiss topped with avocado-ranch. They knew that we were sharing so they brought it out to us cut in half already (always an added bonus). The fries that came with it were perfectly seasoned and crisp. Like Raymond B. mentioned below, Chilis IS always just Chilis. The food is okay, but never very memorable. I did enjoy the iced teas though!
4	The night before my family had to leave, we took them this place awesome restaurant. I had eaten at a different location and thought the food was awesome. So I decided to them to this place since I had a $100 gift card from work for Chili's. When we walked in, we were greeted right away. We had to wait to be seated since there was 10 of us, but it didn't take too long before we were able to sit and order our drinks. Around the table we all ordered teas and sodas; from sprites, Dr peppers to raspberry teas. The waiter was a nice guy that brought our drinks right away along with a couple of baskets of chips and spicy salsas. Afterwards,  he took our orders. They still had the 2 for $20 specials with an appetizer. So far starters, my sister ordered the Cajun Chicken Pasta and I had the Crispy Chicken Crispers that was flavored with Honey-Chipolte sauce. For our appetizer, we had the half order ofTexas Cheese Fries. For her boys, they ordered off the kids menu. One had a personal pan pizza and the other had chicken fingers. My son had the Shriner Bock BBQ Burger with fries. My parents had the 2 for $20 deal. My mom had the Margarita Grilled Chicken and my dad had the Half Rack Baby Back Ribs with fries. For their appetizer, they had fried cheese. And lastly my brother and his girl had the 2 for $20 deal also. My brother had the Crispy Chicken Crisper - Original flavor and his girl had the Half Rack Baby Back Ribs with Fries. Their appetizer was fried cheese. The bill came out to $103 and suggested a 18% gratuity be paid. So, since all agreed that the service was great, we paid the 18%, which brought the bill to $120 and some change. I rounded the payment off to $121. We had such a great time dining, laughing, spending quality time since it was the last night together and their flight was at 7am.
1	Went with my.family Friday night. Our drinks were wrong, she forgot our waters, side of ranch, didnt check on us. My sisters steak was way over coockrd but by the time the waitress returned it, we were all ready to leave. Its obvious our food was sitting in the window for some time.  I dont expect a great meal at this place. I only expect OK but this experience was simply terrible.
3	I haven't been to Chili's for awhile, but due to time-constraints / work schedule; I decided to meet Jade here for lunch.  We went on Sunday.  I didn't know this ,but if you sit at the bar on Sundays, it's happy hour all day.  Selected appetizers are on the happy hour menu for a discounted price.  You also get free chips and salsa!Pros:  * We went during lunch hours.. it seemed really busy, but nonetheless we got sat immediately.  * The waitress was very nice and checked on us numerous times.  I can happily say that I didn't have to hunt down a waitress to refill my Sprite.  * Cheap eats...especially during the Happy HourCons:  *  We ordered the Cajun Pasta and the Wings and just really wasn't thrilled about neither.  The wings were boneless and the sauce overpowered the taste of chicken.  The pasta was really thick, but at the same time lacked in flavor.  The best part about it was the grilled chicken that I added on for an extra charge (you also have the option of adding shrimp for an additional charge).   Overall:  To be fair, I failed to realize that the pasta dish was Penne (which I totally hate).  I really feel as if I just made some bad choices with my order.  I know Chili's has burgers that are on-point every time I order them.  The service was good and the prices were too.. and you definitely can't beat free chips and salsa!  Nothing spectacular, but not horrible either.  Tips:  *  Sit at the bar if you come on a Sunday... Happy Hour all day + Free Chips/salsa  *  Appetizers on the Happy Hour menu are of a smaller portion.. just a heads up  *  If you are looking to catch some sports, there are flat screens throughout the bar.
4	We got seated right away which was awesome because it was super crowded!  And they make a pretty decent pina colada!!
3	I LOVE the skillet queso at Chilli's, but however, that seems to be one of the minimal things I like. I have tried lots of things and cannot seem to enjoy them. Their chicken cesar salad sucks! It was really gross to me. The chicken was good, but it was that sauce they used. Totally not cesar to me. I have had the buffalo salad, too much sauce, not enough chicken. The burgers are probably my safety net. This location is good for me though. They are always nice and sometimes funny. I have never waited long at all. Sangria's there are OK. I like their mojitos better, but I wish they made better Sangria's because that is my drink! :) Good place, good drinks, but dont be surprised if you do not like your meal.
2	I'm back, everybody! i haven't written a review in awhile. i was on Saturn and couldn't get a flight back due to foggy rings. i figured Chili's was a dive - and i was right, at least this store was. AS USUAL, this was another restaurant which served my seafood without enough tartar sauce, just a little cup, so i told our (i went with my boyfriend - yes, we're STILL together... i must really love him) waitress "This is not enough sauce at all." this genuis replies, "Well, for some people, it is." --- whatever happened to: THE CUSTOMER IS ALWAYS RIGHT!? anyway, i won't be going back to these dumbbells for food. and i left the waitress 2 dollars in quarters for a tip. see, that's what happens when you say STUPID things. i like to tip well, i don't like to stiiff people, but i'm not gonna give it away, either.Chili's? NO THANX. see you guys at Denny's.
2	Service was great food was awful they just switched to infrared ovens so if you liked the old fried food to bad. Stay away from the shrimp tacos yuck!
3	Revoke my foodie card, but I happen to love Chili's.  The free chips and salsa during Happy Hour in the bar, plus some chipotle bbq wings and skillet queso always hit the spot for me.  Plus when my midwestern family comes to visit, they don't want any food they don't recognize (grooooan) so Chili's is a safe bet.This location is fast and friendly, but there's no wifi -- and it cost them a whole star from me.  Applebee's is the same price and quality, so why do they offer free wifi and Chili's won't?  I guess they don't want us hanging out there any longer than we have to eat and run.  Turn them tables, folks!
3	It's Chili's you've been to one you've been to them all.  If you sit by the bar you get free chips and salsa.ALSO, if you ask, they have the full calorie menu so you can see all the items and the corresponding calories. If you are trying to eat healthy.  They also have skinny girl margaritas 100 calories each.
5	Everything on the Chili's menu is good.  Probably my most favorite chain restaurant out there.  Margaritas and desserts are both delicious too.  Skillet queso is always a must.  This particular location had a great happy hour (all day Sunday) and the bartender was fantastic.  Can't wait to no longer be pregnant so I can get a presidente margarita again!!  Yummmm!  My husband and I actually met working at a Chili's in California 11 years ago.  We never get tired of their food.
4	I've always been a Chili's fan but I def love this location.  Heather is a great server - super attentive and very personable.
4	We've been regulars at Chili's all over the west coast so I wasn't expecting this to be any different. We've never been disappointed, so that isn't an issue. It's one of Matt's favorite places. For me, I'd rather find something special when in Las Vegas because there are so many great places to eat here. Having said all that, this Chili's is something special. The food comes to you fresh, hot, and tasting fresh. The wait staff is friendly and works as a team. Someone other than your waiter may stop by the table to top off your drink and ask if everything is OK. Matt is great in the small talk department and the waitress enjoyed chatting since it was a slow time. It was like stopping by a friends place for dinner. We'll be back again.
3	This isn't the type of place I usually eat. I'm more of a mom and pop, unique dining or fine dining person. However after a marathon Christmas shopping spree you can beat a $20 meal for 2 people at Happy Hour!The place was packed so it took a while for our food and drinks to arrive, but it was no big deal. Our server was very nice, the margaritas were actually strong which surprised me and the food was A-OK. Apparently there is an upside down picture in every Chili's but I did not see it and I even did a loop around the restaurant.
4	Of all the generic chain restaurants, Chili's is probbably my favorite.  They have an interesting menu with things like fajitas and buffalo chicken sandwiches.I especially like the bottomless chips and salsa.  The chips are made fresh and are thin and sometimes still warm.  Additionally, if you eat in the bar they usually give you the chips and salsa for free.On this last visit I got a bacon and cheese covered steak.  It was the only thing I've ever ordered that I wasn't completely satisfied with it.  The steak was cooked a little more than I requested.  It was good, but it wasn't worth the price.Service is fine.  It can get a little busy during weekday lunch hours.
5	Went on Super Bowl night and was seated quickly. Our order was taken within a few minutes and our glasses were always kept filled. The food was delicious and the service was great. When I'm in Las Vegas I always stop by here because the service and food is always good.
3	The food was actually good.  What I didn't like was how freakin' slow the service was.  I met up with a friend for lunch and it took almost an hour and half even though we ordered right away and ate quickly. They have some really decent lunch combos so I would go back just for that, and also let our server know we only have an hour!  My friend ordered an avocado chicken sandwich that looked really good.  He said it was awesome except that it was supposed to come with fries and he got maybe 8 total fries.  It really looked like someone had been eating them before we got the food.  I ordered a lunch combo that came with a side salad and chicken fajitas.  Nothing special but they weren't bad.It's an ok lunch spot.
3	Predictable, but with much worse service than I'm used to from a Chili's. Not that I have high expectations, but this guy was a wreck. The food, however, is good bar food. They do their buffalo sauce perfectly and I tried their sweet potato fries with parmesan this time - not bad. There wasn't anything spectacular about them, but they weren't terrible. I'm a huge fan of most of their appetizers.I had a buffalo chicken salad and my friend had a salad, but instead of chicken, substituted steak. He asked for rare, but you could not have cooked that meat anymore. I don't go to Chili's for steak, but someone has to see the difference between rare and well done. No?Again, service was bad. Not horrendous, but had I not had good company I would have been irritated. Not sure what the breakdown was, but there was one.Anyway, if you want predictable Chili's food, well, here ya' go!
1	I just spent $48.13 on dinner and their is plastic in my ice cream. I took a picture of my receipt . I joke not I could have died and the staff just didn't care.   Oh no I won't return here nope not for all the money in Vegas. Funny thing is when the manager came over to talk to us her attitude was extra happy almost like a stepford wife. She happily said oh I know where the plastic is from! Then she followed up by  just excusing herself by saying oh sometimes plastic gets left on cookies nothing major. Hon its major because had that plastic got stuck in my throat...I could have died. Now her attitude that was nice or overly nice bugs me for one reason. I as the customer would like to know that what bugs me bugs you as well. Not that I'm upset and you making like you having the best day ever. When she came to the table I need you to understand I had just finished gaging as if I could not breath pulling plastic out my mouth. So I would have liked to know that she was concerned with my well being as a human and also a client. For example Like can you ask me if I'm ok. Do I need a glass of water. She should  have been more helpful. Instead of oh my these things happen...here is your 8 bucks back have a nice day. Good GOD shes a clueless chick. Where can you eat and have plastic in your food and the manager will say its ok it happends. Well because of her own words my friends I will say don't eat at this location because her happy go lucky attitude says she will allow this to keep on happening and our safety as humans are of no importance to her. Because should we choke on plastic oh well it happends.
5	Two things are required to make a restaurant work. Good service, good tasting food. I'm happy to say I got more than both. Arriving a bit later at night, the location had a few people at the bar and in the dining room. The staff was quick to get us seated, and very friendly. After scouting the menu a few moments, I remembered the last time I was at this location. I had ordered the Cajun chicken pasta and was eyeing to do the same. It was great last time I was here, surely it would be great again. My lady friend had ordered the chicken fajitas. The server was A+ when it comes to customer service. Friendly, made you feel welcome, and did more than required to make us happy. We had ordered from the 2 for 20$ menu and the server actually suggested and got an appetizer for us despite it not being on the menu. Great suggestion, it was delicious. The main dishes arrived, not taking long but not quickly either. I dug into my pasta and chicken only to find nothing less than greatness. Another delicious dish, the pasta being cooked perfectly. Chicken was nicely seasoned and cooked, as well as the entire dish being evenly coated in the alfredo sauce. There's a reason this item is listed as a fan favorite.. The chicken fajitas my lady friend had ordered were delicious as well. I was more than blown away when I decided to try the grilled onions and peppers as well that were included with the fajita. I mean, they're only onions and peppers, how special can they be? They were the best onions and peppers I'd ever had. I felt every ingredient was cooked and transformed into a new flavor, with everything we ate. Needless to say, I will be back to this location.
1	Terrible service! We stood at the door for at LEAST 5 minutes waiting to be greeted while the hostess flirted at the bar. Te restaurant was dirty, the lemonade tasted like soap. It took forty minutes on a slow Saturday to get our food and then my moms was wrong(but hot) mine was cold and hard(quesadilla) and my dads shrimp tacos were rubbery(shrimp). They offered to remake my moms food, but we didn't have the time to wait, they DID take it off the bill, but we never saw a manager....isn't that standard restaurant protocol to send a manger over to tables to better mistakes?
1	Is a total drag that this restaurant doesn't take a coupon that expired 4 days ago! I'm NEVER going back again!!
4	Love the bottomless chipps/salsa and the queso dips.  I ordered a steak that had bacon on it and it was very good.  I have always enjoyed Chilis and this was just another good experience.  Good food, good service, good times.
5	Nacho and salsa. At the bar it's free
4	I like Chili's.  Of all the marketed neighborhood grills, they're honestly up there in regards to food taste and prices.  I can attest to that because me and the fam bam come here like clockwork it seems like lol ( bdays, holidays, etc ).  And we have figured that with all our distinct tastes this is a perfect place to go that will makes us all happy.    Now a few plates you can never go wrong with are their shrimp tacos and their fajita trio... will say though sometimes the trio plate will have a lot of onion to compensate for the skillet it's served on, but the last few times the servings have been more than generous.  This last outing the food tasted great, atmosphere was good and I have to tip my hat off to our server David who did a phenomenal job providing service as demanding as we were with 2 five year olds...    Thank you again we will see y'all shortly!
3	We went later in the evening so we were seated pretty fast. Had the queso dip and salads. Food was good but service was really slow.
5	The food was great I think I found my new favorite dish the Mango-Chile Chicken. Great tasting and with a kick. The service is great helped us out a lot and always came to check on us.
5	I can always rely on this place! This particular store is conveniently located about 5 minutes from my house, and I've revisited plenty of times. The hostesses and waitresses have always been friendly, and service has always been excellent! The food is always great as well...probably the most consistent place that I've been to. I'd have to say Chili's and In-N-Out Burger are my favorite places to eat off of the Strip on a regular basis. I don't remember a single time that I've been disappointed in my dining experience.My most recent visit on 7/17 during lunch hour was top notch everything! My waitress Ruby was awesome and had a sweet and approachable personality. She kept the refills coming, and checked frequently to see if everything was ok. There was even another waitress that checked once on my table as well. I loved everything on the menu so far. Maybe I just click with a certain type of food style, and this is it. Previously I've tried the Southwestern Eggrolls, Texas Cheese Fries, Tostada Chips, Fajitas, Ribs, Fries, and Skillet Chocolate Chip Cookie. I may even be missing some items throughout all the times I've visited. All so delicious. And I can't forget about the Blackberry Iced Tea. One of my favorite drinks ever. Just sweet enough. So refreshing! It's hard to believe that as someone who loves burgers, I haven't tried one here until this visit. I recently went on a Strip "burger tour," looking for the best burger in Vegas. I tried a handful of different burgers, all good, but never found one that justified the price. But after all this time, something I was looking for was right in front of me. The Chili's Classic Bacon Burger. For under $9 with your choice of side (lots of options available, including light broccoli and fries). The bun is soft, the patty was prepared to perfection, the bacon was delicious, even the pickles were tasty and not too salty. A perfect burger. It's still breakfast time and I want another one right now!I think this is the best neighborhood restaurant by far. If I had to choose one place to eat at everyday, this would be it!
4	Ok I can usually take it or leave it when it comes to chili's however when our friends picked it I went with it. I had the best experience we have had there! We got seated efficiently and got Ciara as our waitress and I can't say enough good things about her. She was quite attentive and friendly! She kept our drinks full, and she listened not only to us but the kids! They both only had two crayons and not many colors so they were talking about it and without asking she brought more crayons. They both were picking cucumbers off the other moms salad plate, she brought them a bowl of cucumbers! And to top it all off she won big points with the girls when she knew who Sofia the first was! Ciara made our experience!The food was typical of the basic family American restaurants. I got the buffalo chicken salad and while it was really good, i would probably ask for the dressing on the side next time and be prepared to take 1/2 home! My friend got the chicken salad and liked it, the kids got chicken and Mac and cheese but really loved the corn on the cob. The corn came on two wooden sticks for handles and they enjoyed eating it that way but then we pulled one out and they got corn lollipops lol! An even bigger hit! The chips and salsa are always good, even got the picky kids eating salsa and asking for it at home lol! Overall good not great food but excellent experience, if have kids ask for Ciara!! We would go back to have her as our waitress!
4	I generally like Chili's. It's a good place for us to get some food when we are too lazy to cook but don't want anything too expensive. The wait staff at this location is always really nice and prompt about keeping our drinks filled. We went in during a pretty busy (but not packed) evening just to get an appetizer and some drinks. It took over a half hour to get our appetizer and when it came the avacado eggrolls were soggy and the boneless wings were pretty cool. This was our only bad experience here and the ended up voiding our bill because it took them so long to bring us the food (and we didn't even complain!) I will go back because of how well they treated us.
3	I hate giving this place only three stars but because of the management and the poor decisions that they make that's all they deserve. OK, this location has all their employees wearing NFL and Collage Football jerseys and they advertise an incredible happy hour  for Thursday, Sunday and Monday night football. But then when you get there they only have one game on. Come to find out they don't gave the cable tv needed to watch more then the one game. One of the girls told us to go next door where they have every game on and something like 100 TV's. Very disappointing! Then I find out that this location does not offer 1000 Island dressing when just the other day I ordered a burger with the 1000 Island.  So I ordered a side of the Shiner Bock sauce and the guy brings me BBQ and I poor in on my burger. Then when I tell the guy it's the wrong sauce he tells me that they don't have the Shiner Bock sauce anymore. Keep in mind I ordered my burger plane with a side of 1000 and now I have a BBQ sauce that I did not want. Nope they did not offer me a new burger. By the way, I went to another chilies a few days later and ordered the sane burger with the 1000 island and my buddy got the Shiner Boch Burger.
4	This is our go to restaurant when don't have a comp'd meal at our casino/hotel we are visiting.  The service has always been prompt, the servers great, and the food always consistently great.  You just can't beat the 2 for $20 chicken fajitas for a all filling meal!  And the service has always been good to excellent!
4	Food is cheap; I love the ribs, the happy hour, the lunch specials where I usually get a salad and a chicken fajita. The restaurant is usually clean and I love how this location is not too far from me; it's between where I live and the south end of the Las Vegas strip. This is a monthly pit stop for me and my roommate on our day off.
5	The chicken avocado burger is delicious! It's on a pretzel bun which goes great with spicy mustard. The presidente margaritas never disappoint and if you are here at 3 it's happy hour!
1	I came here for dinner last night 11-6-13. One star for the bad service. We sat there without being greeted by our server for about 15 minutes. Servers were walking our section but just kept ignoring us. Finally once someone came we placed all our orders and I felt like it still took longer than usual to get our drinks. Our server had a feeling like either he was asked to stay late to take our table or as if he came in late for his shift and had to hit the ground running and catch up. Either way the food was the food. It's a chain restaurant. Might stop by for happy hour one day to try some drinks but not again for dinner. Such horrible service for such a slow night.
2	we came about 4pm  on a Wed. We waited about 7min before anyone actually came to help seat us. The workers saw us standing there but, did not choose to come over to us. We were seated at a table and chairs that were so snuggly in the corner that if they sat people In the other table they would not be able to sit comfortable. The girl who sat us was rude and just tossed our menus on the table. The table was sticky and there was food in between the tiles of the table.We waited about 10min for the waitress to come take a drink order or even food order. Mind you it was NOT busy. We ordered our drinks, appetizer and food. For appetizer we order the artichoke dip and chips. it was very good but the one thing is the dip comes in a small cast iron pan and they have a little pot holder on the handle. That pot holder was dirty with who knows what all over it. I pushed it off with my napkin.  We ordered the Pretzel bun chicken sandwiches which were very good. Its sad to say that the food was really good but, the staff and the cleanliness of the place is a major turn off.
3	The food was good, the waitress was a little slow but overall we had a nice experience. The chicken nachos are slowly becoming my favorite...
4	Seating wait time: 15mins (Sunday afternoon)Food time after ordering: 5mins for appetizers 35-40 min for entrees. Food quality: 5 out of 5Waiter: 5 out of 5  Me and my girlfriend walked in on a Sunday afternoon before our long trip home to California. It was our first time there so we had no idea what to expect. It was a bit busy and they do not have much room for waiting. The wait time to be seated was relatively short for the amount of people there. We were able to get our drinks and appetizers really quick after ordering. The problem was the entrees taking too long. The food was really great for a chain restaurant with the enchiladas being the best I've had in a long time. The waiter was great and was keeping us up to date about our food. Overall great restaurant with good food but get four stars due to long food wait times and poor waiting area.
2	Food is good but the service is terrible. They told us a 25 minute wait. 45 minutes later, they said they could seat us if we divided into two groups.
2	We had extremely bad service. Our waitress had no idea what she was doing. I had to correct my order with her multiple times. We did the 2 for 35 (which is an awesome deal) 2 margaritas, an appetizer, 2 entrees, and a dessert. We waited about 40 minutes just to get our appetizer of chips and guac. Very shortly after our fajitas came out & my skillet was barely even warm. The food got cold enough to the point where I didn't even want to eat it after only a few minutes. Then the waitress takes about a half hour to even come check on us.. when she finally does she brings the check without taking the dessert order (which was included on the meal bundle) When I reminded her of the dessert.. We waited about 30 more minutes to receive that. The only reason I give this place 2 stars is because a nice young man took over for our waitress momentarily and refilled our water glasses (for the first time all night, I'll add) and checked on our order because he noticed we were waiting for a while.
3	Service at the door SUCKS! First walk in no one is there to greet you, and when someone does walk up they still don't greet you or ask how many is in your party. Is this the Chili's way. This happened in the Henderson location as well. Our server is very nice and attentive. This is the only reason we stayed. Don't think we will return here again though.
1	Waited extremely to long for a server. Everyone just walked by never even attempted to approach the table.Then finally got seen by a server,waited even longer for 2 waters and a kids soda.Not coming back.You guys SUCK.
2	I ordered the quesadilla explosion salad, but the cheese on my quesadilla was cold. A friend ordered a sandwich that was supposed to have warm bread, but since the food sat in the kitchen for so long, by the time she got it, it was cold. Very disappointed. Extremely slow service.
2	The food was good. Server dropped off bill before we were halfway thru our meal celebrating my wife's birthday. Since when do you get the bill before you are asked about desert? She said that we were to use the table kiosk to pay our bill and we could order deserts there, too. After receiving the bill server never came back to see if we needed an additional napkin or to have our drinks refilled. If you are too busy to give service to your customers you will not have customers. It is not like we were dining at McDonals's or Burger King. With all of the choices out there I would recommend any place else.
4	Chili's, your basic bar food selections and then some...We came here after going to the movies with a friend. I ordered the Chili's reinvented classic fajitas trio made with steak chicken and shrimp. My fried ordered the Chili's most popular plate according to the waiter, baby back ribs and a strawberry lemonade and I ordered iced tea, the food was great as always and the drinks were never empty.  There was this device on every table like a note pad  that I've never seen before, I asked the waiter what it was and he told me that it could be used to order additional drinks during the meal or dessert if I wanted to, also it could be used by kids to play games while waiting for their food  and even to pay your bill at the end using a credit card. I decided to give it a try and ordered dessert while we were eating. When we were done with the food they cleared our plates and brought the dessert the we had ordered through the machine. I swiped my credit card and paid the bill. Complaining about not seeing the waiter days are over, he's right there at the touch of a screen.The waiter came back to make sure we didn't need anything else and to thank us.Yes! I said.. Could you please put this device in a to go box? I need it at home while I watch the soccer games.
1	Poor service, poor food...I've been to other Chili's and this is probably the worst I've been too.  Very disappointed.
1	When we walked in, we didn't even get greeted. The girl at the front was just staring at us expecting us to say something to her. So I did. Took about 20 minutes to sit down. Not too long. But then, service was super slow. It took forever to get our order taken as well as quite a while to bring us our food. The pasta was okay. But the mac and cheese was delicious. What killed me at the end of the night was the dessert. I love love love eating dessert and was so excited for the cookie with ice cream since our dinners were just okay and service was slow. Buuuuuut, the cookie was hard as a rock and the ice cream didn't taste that good. Wouldn't choose as somewhere to eat. Probably won't come back unless someone else wanted to go. Then I would know what to expect and suggest dessert somewhere else.
3	ok, so the hostess is the first person to greet you huh??  nope...she was behind the scenes doing whatever for the first 4 minutes of standing there.  then she asked how many and said she would be right back...10 minutes later she comes back to a growing crowd of people...takes their names (not ours), but then escorts to our seats.  The waiters were really good, but we almost left...plenty of other places.
4	Normally a review for Chili's would not be something I'd feel compelled to write, but we wrote off this place a few months ago due to horrible service and food that tasted frozen and microwaved.  We wound up here yesterday to use to a gift card and the need for something easy.First thing we noticed was that the tired decor had received a face lift.   Second is that the staff seemed a lot less hostile and were quick to greet and seat us.  Third was that the menu had received an overhaul, which was a nice surprise.I tried the new slow roasted chicken sandwich (shredded chicken) with homestyle fries.   Both the sandwich and fries were fresh, hot and delicious.  With my meal came a survey to rate the sandwich, which I thought was a great idea to find if people liked their new menu choices.  They also added table tablets where you can play games, order drinks, see the menu, and pay at your table.  I love being able to keep my credit card in sight!  What was really handy is that it let's you split the check multiple ways with multiple payers. Our food was a 5, but the one thing keeping me from giving a 5 star review is that our sodas sat empty for over 5 minutes until we stopped a manager who was walking by.  The place was packed and I think our server may have had too many tables.  We only saw him to take our order and hand us the bill.
2	Stopped by this particular location for a quick dinner. Now normally if it's happy hour the host or hostess will usually offer the option of sitting in the regular dining area OR being seated in the bar area to take advantage of the "Happy Hour" half off specials. Well yesterday I ate there this wasn't the case we had to actually ASK was it happy hour or not. Meh. That was fine. So let's get to the food. We ordered Nachos, Texas Cheese Fries, Buffalo Wings, and Southwest Eggrolls. Guess what? 2 out of the 4 dishes were AWFUL! The buffalo wings were overcooked and hardly any buffalo sauce on them and the Texas Cheese fries were also OVERCOOKED stuck to the bottom of the skillet where you had to scrape all the potatoes off the bottom and still there were some that didn't come up. The fries were dry as hell and just ugh it wasn't even worth the discounted price nor was it even worth my while to complain it was one of those things where I was too hungry to even complain. But I will NOT be choosing this particular location again for Happy Hour.. Ever..
5	Just went here yesterday with my girlfriend.  Took no less than 5 minutes to get a seat on a Tuesday afternoon.  Our server was very attentive from the start.  We received our appetizer really quick,  got our usual chips and salsa which is delicious,  their guacamole is super fresh and tasty.  We also order two Margaritas and goodness these things were super strong,  but good.  I like getting a drink with some kick to it other than feeling like I am not getting my monies worth.   We ordered the bacon and ranch quesadilas and man,  the sauce that came with was phenomenal.  Overall a great experience.  Be sure to get their 35 dollar deal,  appetizer,  2 meals, 2 margs all for 35 dollars.  Worth it just due to the service being great.  Definitely coming back.
4	Favorite go-to place whenever I want a good, well priced restaurant! This location always has the best staff. Every time I come here my waitress/waiter is super nice and welcoming. Every table now has little computer screens where you can pay your bill (if you're paying with card), play games for the kids, and reorder your drinks if you run out! The 2 for $20 deal is the best, you get tons of food for a great deal; one appetizer and two entrees.
2	They are friendly, but not very clean. The bar was so slow, but the counter was dirty when we arrived and stayed that way. We sat in a booth and watched the staff just ignore it for the 45 mins it took to dine.  We probably should have left instead of eating there. But our food was decent and the staff are friendly.
5	It might seem weird to give a chain restaurant like Chili's 5 stars but it is definitely because of the service we receive. We usually go in the evenings before or after we've gone to see a movie and we like to sit at the bar. The best bartender is Mark, hands down. He is a font of information and recommendations on the menu as well as just an interesting guy to talk to. He is exactly what a good bartender needs to be; engaging, friendly, approachable and attentive. As for the fare, we are currently in love with the Presidente Margarita and the pineapple/blueberry infused Margarita. They have a huge carafe with alcohol sitting behind the bar and tons of fresh fruit just marinating in it, Yum! We also like the Texas fries, the flatbreads and wings. If you don't like too much sauce they will make them dry and let you dip to your hearts content. Next time we visit we'll be trying the triple meat fajitas; steak, chicken and shrimp!
4	Good food selection! Great drinks! Amazing prices! They now have a tablet at the table where you can browse the menu, order and pay! Very convenient! Always packed but the wait isn't more than ten minutes. Would definitely recommend this place for a couple or group of friends!
4	Chili's is one of those chain restaurants that does it right.  And I have been to this location a few times, and it doesn't disappoint.  I normally sit at the bar and the service is always good and friendly.  Between them and Five Guys, I can't decide which one has the best chain burger and fries.  But they also have great Fajitas and Chicken Fried Steak.  I wish they still had the Guiltless Chicken Platter and the Sweet Corn Soup.  It is good deal for what you get.  And the atmosphere is very good.  I wish they'd put a location on Stephanie Street in Henderson, where a lot of other decent chain places are.
5	I go in for the happy hour great staff one of the cleanest chilis I have been to. Try the chicken bacon avacado club on a pretzel bun. Highly recommended
2	I had a friend visiting me from California, and for some odd reason she and her party wanted to go Chili's. I was like... you came to Vegas to eat at Chili's?  But her party said they hadn't been there in a while. We were starving and they were pretty busy for a Saturday night. The wait time was 35 minutes. As a result we were starving and ordered right when we were seated. My friend and I ordered under the 2 for $20 menu. I must say, I do like the options at Applebees better. We ordered the Texas Fries for  the appetizer, Cajun Chicken Pasta and  Original Baby Back Ribs. The Texas Fries were much smaller when they came out, and it was covered in cheese, jalepenos, and bacon bites. I didn't taste any bacon bites nor was it spicy at all. In fact, it was actually kind of cold.  The baby back ribs were pretty tasty, but they were kind of cold.  The Cajun Chicken pasta was not spicy at all. Maybe it was just the chicken that was suppose to be cajuny? The best part of the meal was the bread that came with the pasta! The food was mediocre and not tasty at all. It might have tasted better had it not been so cold? Who knows, though. The service was pretty good. We were checkd on pretty often. The food quality just didn't match the service.Maybe I've just been having problem and having cold food.... I like my food piping hot. I'm the type of person that likes hot soup in the middle of my Vegas summers.
2	Avoid this Chili's. My partner and I have been here on multiple occasions. We've been sat at different places, but service has been consistently mediocre. On one occasion we got sat and after 10 minutes I had to ask a passing server to take care of us because no one had even gotten our drinks. On another occasion, we had two servers, one of whom only appeared once, the other one needed to be called by other passing members of the staff at our request.And if you're thinking about ordering to-go, don't. We got there on time, and we had to wait, only to get home to find that our food was cold and stale, they forgot to add the salsa for our chips and salsa, they got one of the soups wrong, and they forgot the gravy on the mashed potatoes side. That means that they only got ONE of the items right. Or they would've if it wasn't cold and it didn't look absolutely mediocre.Seriously, their food is good on-site, but their service is absolutely horrible. Avoid if you want to have a pleasant experience.
1	Horrible service! Our appetizers came with our meal and we were missing food. Waiter did not come back for a while. Another customer walked out mad about the service.
4	Wow, really not familliar with Chilis. Went and had the two for $20 special. Sat in the bar and service was average. The food was wonderful. Some of the best combination fajitas I have ever eaten. It was an additional $2 to make my fajitas combination chicken/steak. Very worth it. Great food.
5	R Donovan Patio seating and view is phenomenal!!!Excellent service and management. Our server was on point and the new burgers were fantastic!!! Manager stopped at our table, I think his name was Todd, was personable and genuinely concerned about our meal and service!  Only negative feedback I would say is the restaurant is hard to locate being on the second level.
1	There's 2 things my boyfriend and I love on their menu: chips & queso and steak nachos. We come in 1-2 times a month, sit at the bar, tip well and usually leave fat and happy. Tonight however, I'm leaving with a horrible taste in my mouth thanks to management. Here's how it went down:"We'd like the steak nachos""We're out of steak, we only have ground beef" "Can you sub out the steak you use for the fajitas?""Uhh probably not.""Why not? We want steak nachos, you have steak and nachos, I don't understand" "Hold on let me ask management""Management, no because we're almost out of steak"So instead of maybe having to 86 steak fajitas later in the evening, they said no to two regular customers, just in case. Bad idea. Rule #1 of hospitality, always do everything you can to accommodate the guest. Rule #2 keep regulars happy. We will not be returning.
3	I. Chili burgers be the bomb when ever I'm around a chili it always make me want to get a burger , the service at this location is cool. I never had to wait long are really complain about anything. It gets a little busy during lunch but not to bad , it's also near the outlets.
4	So my friends came in for lunch because we were in the mood for something tasty and quick other than jus basic fast food. We all had burgers. They were all so delish! And flavorful! Stephanie was our waiter and she was a good waitress . She refilled our drinks at least 7 times good thing they have free refills! We'll definiteley be back!
2	Waited at front in empty restaurant.  Hostesses all came out later as one big group like they were just hanging out in the back.  A busser had to help us because nobody was there.   Points to him (tattooed guy for the win)!!!  The only things I like about Chili's are margs and guac!  I wasn't drinking so I opted for guac.   The waiter had no idea how to make it and was using avocados that weren't even ripe yet!!!  Cmon Chili's your job isn't that hard.  Seriously.  I live across the street and I'd rather eat at a street taco stand now.
