5	I have been searching for a Vet since I have moved to Phoenix over 5 years ago. Dr. Hunt and Homestead are my 4th Vet. I have found my forever Vet!I took my 2 dogs (Labs) in for their yearly visit, and has some concerns about the older one. Dr. Hunt started with my younger dog, and he was very good. Jazzy has serious issues with Vets, she barks and gets very upset. Dr. Hunt handle her just as I would expect a Vet to handle a nervous dog, and got everything done. I have had another Vet look at me and ask what he was supposed to do with my nervous girl. Maybe I'm a little looney but I would think a Vet would know how to deal with my nervous dog.Then we moved on to Jewel, who has had a bunch of lumps appear all over her body. He felt them and discussed that he thought they were probably just fatty deposits, but he would like to check them. Dollar signs we adding up in my mind at the thought of having him check her lumps, but this is my baby, so I said No Problem.He took a syringe and made a slide right there for each of the 2 major lumps. He came back in about 10 mins and said one was just fat, but if I had time, he would like to look at the second one again. Once again, I said no problem. Five minutes later, he came back and said that one was fat too.I left the Vets office paying $130 for both dogs, and of that $29 was for him looking at the Lumps. A Vet who isn't in it just for the money and how much he can get out of each owner?!?!?!? NO WAY!This is a rare Vet, he doesn't have the greatest hours, but he is absolutely worth working around, your pet will love him and you Wallet will definitely like him too!
5	Layla (my puppy) and I love Dr. Hunt and the whole crew at Homestead.  They are all very kind and loving and Dr. Hunt really takes his time with us when we come in.  Dr. Hunt has never tried to over sell me on anything and this is a huge relief as Layla is my first puppy.  I cannot imagine going to another Vet!  Thank you Dr. Hunt and the whole Homestead crew!  If you are looking for a Vet, look no further.
5	A friend recommended this vet to me (she had been taking all 5 of her dogs here for years) and I'm so glad she did.  Dr. Hunt and his entire team are fantastic!  The clinic itself is always clean, and looks great with wooden floors and contemporary furniture.  I've taken my pooch there a good few times and every time the service is brilliant. Dr. Hunt is very gentle, laid back and takes care of business.   Highly recommended, you and your pets will be very happy.
5	Dr. Hunt cares about the animals. One of the things that I notice right away is that he will actually talk me out of doing unnecessary things which has never happened before at any other vet.  I do flyball with my dogs and I consider my dogs to be part of my family. If something isn't working right I take them in right away. Sometimes a bit to soon. He looks at each situations and always tells me what he would do if it was his dog. For example I have a 9 year old border collie. His teeth aren't pearly white anymore and I thought I probably needed to get them cleaned. Dr. Hunt took one look at them and told me to hold off.  Sure they are not perfect but just cause there not doesn't mean it's time for dental work. There has also been a couple times where I have taken my border collie in because of a limp. He knows when to X-ray and when to hold off. After taking my dog in to VCA 24 hour Emergency care he gave me his opinion and told me what was really going on. I know he is looking out for my dogs and me.
1	I visited the vet on Monday after my 6 week old kitten, Stella, had been sick all weekend. I knew something was wrong with her as she was throwing up and wouldn't eat. I waited 30 minutes and the vet proceeded to examine her and tell me nothing was wrong with her! I spent almost $100 here for them to test her blood sugar levels and give me no feedback. They sent me home with some food and a good luck. 24 hours later, yesterday, my baby died in my arms. How can a vet tell a pet owner that nothing is wrong with very little concern or help. I'm completely heart broken. Thanks for nothing.
1	I had just taken my cat there a few months back for her annual check up and spent a thorough time with tests and getting all my information transferred since I recently moved to the area.  I noticed something was wrong with my cat and called to describe the unusual symptoms and the lady answering the phones was extremely unhelpful.  She didn't suggest or offer even speaking with the vet and even discouraged it after I asked for it.  She told me the vet wouldn't be able to know what was going on but said if I saw the symptoms again to bring in a video.  Maybe I'm naive but I'm use to getting better care than that from other animal clinics and have at least talked to vets on the phone with my concerns.  Also, I think it is always better service for a trained professional to discredit my concerns rather than someone answering the phones.  I wasn't expecting a conversation right then and there but perhaps a call back regarding my concerns given I'd established care for my cat already.  Guess it is time to find a new vet, which I told the woman on the phone and she agreed.  I am thinking it is probably an ok place to take your animal if you need a shot or something concrete otherwise look around for some place else.
5	I wish I could give Dr. Hunt and his team 10 stars... but 5 is as high as this rating system goes!  I found Dr. Hunt when we brought home our 6 week old Doberman puppy 6 years ago. He came highly recommended from other veterinarians as the "go to" for Doberman care.  We've been so happy we found this office!  One Doberman and over a dozen cats later (we rescue), I would take my animals no where else in the Valley (and travel 30 minutes one way to visit his office).I appreciate Dr. Hunt's personable, honest style.  He takes time to discuss all of our concerns/questions and I know he has my pet's best health as his goal.  He recently helped my daughter with the aging, illness and passing of her 19 year old cat... a pet she has loved since she was 4 years old and was given as a kitten.  I was especially appreciative of the concern and understanding Dr. Hunt exhibited in helping not only our dear, long-time friend pass peacefully, lovingly and with her family present but also his loving nature in helping guide my daughter through this loss of her dear friend.From 2.5 week old rescue kittens (and there have been many!) to 19 year old feline friends - canine or feline - we trust and appreciate Dr. Hunt over any veterinarian that has served our pets.  We consider him an important part of our animal family and are grateful for his caring spirit.  This review would not be complete without mentioning his fantastic front desk team who are always helpful and cheerful on the phone, and willing to work in a pet with an illness or ask the doctor a question on our behalf.  You guys seriously ROCK.Thank you, Homestead Animal Clinic team, for taking such great care of our furry family.  We love you guys!
5	Dr. Hunt has been our vet for over 8 years.Finally finding a vet that we could trust was such a relief for us.Dr. Hunt is everything you would hope to find in a vet - and then much more.His approach to healing our dogs has always been full of common sense.  That is such a great quality for any doctor!  He has always been helpful with information when having to make decisions for our dogs.  I feel that his cost/pricing has always been more than fair.  His pricing on dog food is actually cheaper than the big box pet stores!!However - here is the real test of a quality vet.  Who is also just simply a quality person.When our sweet Changa began to have seizures, Dr. Hunt was so incredibly there for us.  This would be a short story if I were to share the entire journey with our little girl from start to end.  But it was when we were nearing the end that Dr. Hunt really made a difference for us.  Knowing that I may not always know what was the best for Changa, I knew that I needed help with what could become a final decision.  I asked Dr. Hunt to please let me know when it was time.  To please not let me hang on when it was time for her to go.  We talked about it and set some parameters that would indicate that her time was up.  It was one of the best gifts I have ever had to know that I had someone so completely in my court through such a difficult time.  When that time came, Dr. Hunt was completely there for us.  It was one of the most horrible things I had ever been through when I could not get my little baby to stop seizing.  He was there for us instantly.  There was no need for a difficult decision making process at that time.  That decision was behind us.  It all seems like such a blur - and yet in some ways I remember every single moment like it was just yesterday.  When Dr. Hunt took one look at our little Change, he assured me that we were doing the right thing.  I have never questionioned that.  I know we did.And then our success story of when he saved our Gizzies life!  Another story - for another day.  Dr. Hunt, you and your staff COMPLETELY ROCK!  Thank you so much for all you have given to us and your unending support over all of these years!!!
5	Dr. Hunt has been our vet for the past 2 years.Recently, one of our cat's health has started to decline, and Dr. Hunt and his staff have been absolutely wonderful in terms of their compassion, expertise and attentiveness to us during a very difficult time. Dr. Hunt simply cares about the animals he's treating. I can't express how much I appreciate Dr. Hunt following up about our pet's care after we saw the specialist, and how he made sure we understood what was happening.I deeply appreciate how supportive he and his staff were about our decision  not pursue chemotherapy, further diagnostics and surgery- as recommended by the other vet - instead he has helped us give our pet the highest quality of life possible.
5	Dr. Hunt and his entire staff are amazing! We have only been going to them for several years (maybe 3-4 visits for our two dogs?) and everyone in the office always remembers us. I am sure they see a ton of pets, so it makes us feel at ease when we call and they treat us like we have been going there for 20 years!The office is clean, and there is plenty of space in the waiting room and exam rooms. The prices are fair and reasonable. Dr. Hunt is very patient and gentle. They are greyhound friendly and know the issues specific to the breed and retired racers. I can't imagine going to another vet! :)
5	We are extremely happy with Homestead since switching to them about 6 months ago.  Granted, I honestly didn't have a problem with the other vet we had been using, but I didn't really have a reason to be loyal either, and they tended to be kind of expensive.  A friend recommended Homestead and Dr. Hunt has been fantastic!First, Dr. Hunt is very down to Earth.  He explains things in ways that are easy to understand and doesn't push extra services.  He never comes across as "doing it for the money".  For example, with one medicine he mixed for us, he told us to save the leftover because the ear problems are normal and the medicine will keep, then to use that before calling in for more.Second, he cares about his patients.  I called this morning and while the phone was ringing realized they didn't open for another hour.  But then Dr. Hunt himself answered the phone, answered my questions, and even scheduled the appointment we needed.  How many doctors or vets do you know would answer the phone before hours and before all their staff was there, let alone be able to book the appointment!All in all, Dr. Hunt is a great vet, a great business owner, and a great person.  We now have a reason to be loyal!
