1	Since this is my first review, I'm feeling the pressure to make it as thorough and honest as possible. So here goes... When planning my wedding, I was looking for a caterer who shared my food values. I wanted someone who would present my guests with some delicious local food; someone who would be low-key and easy to work with.  UFC seemed to be just what I was looking for. But then, I should have known it wouldn't be so easy.  First, I had to email approximately 15 times before I was able to set up a meeting with them. Since I live in San Francisco, I had a window of about a week  to meet with them. Needless to say, they weren't very interested in accommodating me. Then, the meeting. After the general unhelpfulness of our scheduling exchanges, my expectations were low, but wow! Now, I generally expect that when I meet with a caterer, I'll get to taste some of their food. Not so. I (sort of) understood, since they don't have a kitchen facility, per se.  I reminded myself to keep an open mind.  Most caterers will lead you through the initial meeting, getting a sense of what you're looking for, your budget, your style. Not this guy. What we got was... well, not much besides a lot of chef peacockery.  Now, being from San Francisco, I'm used to food snobs. I am fluent in their language - they are my people.  But UFC made me feel like Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman - the scene when she is hysterically pulling wads of cash out of her purse, begging to be waited on in Beverly Hills. Surprise, surprise, they never called me back - another giant red flag - and I didn't pursue them either. I did send an email letting them know how disappointed I was, which (of course) was never replied to.  I would caution anyone against working with these folks.  Even though their mission and food seem to be top notch, their diva behavior is just too much. I only wish I could give zero stars.
1	Went to the UFC as a party of four on a busy Saturday night for the first time.  One word:  Rude.  We all know this is a rough business and while my heart bleeds for the owners who have to tough it out with lots of customers eager to eat their decent cuisine and drop plenty of cash on beverages, I am not impressed by the greeting we eventually received by the host.  This woman could not even be bothered with the all important lap around the restaurant to merely glance at tables to determine about how long the wait would be.  Instead, and I am not joking, the line was "I can probably get you a table within an hour."  To that, the response of my party of four was "And we can probably get a table at Graze where the people care."  We left.  Good luck UFC.  At the time of this review, you are down 3 for 3.
5	Although my UFC-catered event has yet to happen, I feel compelled to stick up for them here, as my experience with them thus far has been nothing but stellar. I don't know what might account for the negative experience that some of their earlier clients had, but whatever kinks might have existed have, to my knowledge, been smoothed out quite well.I first contacted UFC several months ago about an event for May 2012. Our main contact at UFC, Heather, was very responsive right from the beginning. She and I emailed back and forth, talked on the phone, and made plans for me to meet the chefs this summer. She was wonderful about answering all of my questions, from potential pricing to what UFC could and could not do in our kitchen-less venue (actually, there was little they could not do!). She emailed me sample menus of other events they catered, and was incredibly open to hearing my ideas and brainstorming with me on the various food and serving options for our event.UFC offers a service that I have yet to see another large caterer come close to in Madison--locally sourced, creatively cooked foods that are far more varied and exciting than the typical "chicken-or-steak-with-side-of-veggies" option that I expect from a large, catered event. I am so excited to watch UFC bring these ideas to fruition at my event next spring!
5	Bangin' food. Awesome chefs! great times!
5	UFC catered our party this past Saturday night, and they did an excellent job! They set up a huge grill outside our kitchen-less venue and grilled chicken, homemade hotdogs, asparagus, and potatoes fresh and on the spot for our 100+ guests. The hot dogs were served with spicy homemade kimchi, ketchup, and mustard; the beet and goat cheese salad served on the side was flavorful and filling; and the appetizers (pesto goat cheese crostini and market vegetable crudites) were fresh, flavorful and delicious. The UFC staff who worked our event were helpful and present but never intrusive. Wendy, who coordinated our event, was responsible and communicative, and a pleasure to work with. I have nothing but good things to say about this experience.
4	The Underground Catering provided all the food and bar for my daughter's wedding. She contacted them online and set up a menu of pulled pork, special slaw and cheesy pasta - all excellently served in a barn setting for 150. The bar service was cordial and accommodated the bride and groom's "signature" drink as well as an extensive mix of other beers, wines, etc. They worked with us to let us buy some of the drinks as well. The appetizers were the bomb - as were the empanadas served as the midnight snack. Wow. On time - pleasant - clean. We loved it. The next day...we had misplaced some of the rented napkins, but Wendy was right there, figuring it out in a flash. Quite the business. I'd trust them with any catering and I've hosted many for my employer! Fresh. Fast. Friendly. Can't beat it.
1	I have to echo the sentiments of the other disgruntled reviewers. Before meeting with them, Underground Food Collective was the front runner for our wedding. It was like pulling teeth to get a meeting with them and when we finally did, I felt like I could never be cool or hip enough for them to take me seriously as a client. We were presented with a variety of menu options, but when I asked about tasting them before spending thousands of dollars, I was told that I should go to their restaurant, Forequarter, and order some dishes so I could "see what Underground is all about." We frequent the Underground restaurants all the time, which is why we wanted the meeting in the first place! Randomly, we decided to take a meeting with Blue Plate catering and it was a complete 180 on service. I hope you read my review of them as they were incredible. They made a completely custom menu for us with local and seasonal ingredients and it was HALF the price of Underground! It was so nice to work with a place that treated us with respect! Save your money and your self respect and go with another catering place for your special day!
