5	Yummy plantains! That's all I've had the chance to try so far. I was tooling around the neighborhood and fell upon the plaza. One of the owners of  the lovely boutique Loveland and I started talking about the area and as I'm new here she recommended a few businesses. I wasn't even hungry but I Who Miss Caribbean Food ran on over. I was really impressed with the clean, bright dining room, the smiling ladies (we had a nice chat about old NYC stomping grounds), and the savory smells coming from the kitchen! The menu looks wide-ranging with lots of Caribbean staples and of course plenty of options for vegans.The shop is only two months old. I'd love to see them do well as there is no Caribbean food, that I've found so far, in the area. So I'll be going back with friends and a full belly next week. Try it out! We need this place!
4	Retraction. In all fairness, plantains alone do not a 5 star review make. Till I revisit...
4	The menu is interesting - kicks right off with Goat Curry - I dare you to try it (i was too chicken, i mean i ordered curry chicken instead).It's colorful and cute.  The food was OK.  I would say that it will get better once they are doing higher volume, it was obviously not prepared immediately before we were served (most of these foods do stew all day anyway in all fairness) but it wasn't served piping hot.  I couldn't tell if the rice was supposed to have a smokey flavor. (probably?)  The plantains were yummy.  I'm really torn on the rating for this one.  The ladies that run the place are charming and they are clearly in startup mode.  I WANT to be a huge fan of this place, but not yet.   But if it's near your hood definitely check it out!I couldn't help constantly comparing it in my mind to Havana Cafe-and I think for the price and overall experience and exquisite flavors they've got em beat right now.  3 1/2 stars if there was that rating.
4	Some people may call this place in incomplete.. the hand painted signage on the windows that some use on their cars, the  patio tables for seating inside.. the empty feel it has. I, however, think it was on purpose. Some way, somehow, it causes instant relaxation. The brightly colored walls combined with the patio furniture really did calm me down and allow us to enjoy a two hour conversation without ever being pushed to leave. Hell, we didn't even get our bill until the wonderful Matt C. asked if we could pay. I've been wanting to get to this place for ages, but just never found the right time or occasion. It happened to be perfect earlier this week for dinner with a friend after I was picked up from the airport. The food description Matt C. described is accurate so I'll elaborate on other points. The menu, which we both took pictures of once we saw Goat Curry listed, is small and interesting. It leaves me wanting to come back, and yes, next time, I will be getting the goat curry. I'm sure you are all lining up to come with for my 2nd visit now. I had the jerk chicken with rice, plantains, and a side of vegetable (I had two to choose from - steamed eggplant or bok choy). It was very delicious. The rice was slightly dry and not very flavorful, and wasn't my favorite, but it was a nice addition to the jerk chicken, which had some decent spice to it, actually probably a little more than the curry from what I remember. The plantains, oh the sweet plantains were PHE NOM IN AL!!!!!! Well worth it.  In addition we had a side of roti for the curry order and it was some delicious bread. Probably the best bread I've had aside form nan. Why do other countries make bread so much better than us? Is it because we all try to swear ourselves off of carbs?To drink, I had pink ting. I know, not surprising. It was a carbonated pink grapefruit beverage using Jamaican pink grapefruit, bottled in Jamaica, but a product of Canada. That made me giggle, but it was delicious. And, well, the name itself makes it worthy.Overall, this place was reasonably priced, and allowed us to enjoy our meal slowly, and talk for hours afterwards. The staff is truly genuine. If you're in the area, I'd definitely stop here. The food is a 3, but the atmosphere is a 4, and I'm giving A Taste of the Caribbean benefit of the doubt.
4	I drove by last night and noticed the sign and decided I needed to check it out. So I stopped by for a late lunch and was the only one in the place which made for some nice time to chat with the owner and her mother, who was the one whipping up the great food in the kitchen. They've only been open since February and had relied on fliers and the painted signs on the windows to attract customers. While I was there, supremely enjoying the chicken curry roti, a few other people came in because they drove by and saw the sign. I couldn't decide between the jerk chicken or the curry for my roti, so I was given samples of both. I thought the jerk chicken was a little too hot for me, but the curry still was able to clear out my sinuses. Wow - slow burn! I was told they could tone down the heat upon request. I'm not sure I'd want to ruin the experience, though. The menu looked interesting - goat curry, oxtail - along with the jerk and the curry options. I opted for the guava nectar to drink (so yummy!). This is in my neighborhood so I'll definitely be back to try some more. The atmosphere was comfortable and I was encouraged to linger longer, but I needed to get on with my day. The food and the music piped in made me feel like I took a mini-vacation. Nice.
4	The food is INCREDIBLE!!!!!  The girl at the counter was very nice and very helpful, however the food took forever and the place was quite uncomfortable.  I would definitely recommend eating there, just make sure you are not in a hurry.
4	You've got to go way faar back to dee islaaaands for dis kinda food mon, NO WAAY Mon! You can get it riiight heeer.As a fan of Jerk Chicken and Plantains, I must say this place does it up right! This small quaint food joint comes with colorful surroundings, excellent service, smiles, yummy food, and the sweetest little lady behind the counter. Accent and all, they serve up the best Jerk Chicken Ive had in a while. A fair warning, this Jerk Chicken definitely has a kick! It bites you when you least expect it. this place COMPLETELY satisfied my craving for Jerk Chicken and Plantains. Which by the way I was told they do serve the green plantains if you ask for them! YUMM-O! I do believe this place will be a weekend ritual.
4	If you're in the mood for a foodie adventure, I've got just the thing. A trip to the Caribbean! Head on over to Tempe and enter A Taste of the Caribbean restaurant. The bright yellow and green walls, red floor and outdoor furniture will make you feel like you've arrived. It's kind of scruffy and laid back - this is not the place to come for a quick bite. First of all, you have to make the tough decision about what to order. Oxtails or goat? Jerk chicken, of course, or do you want the milder brown stew chicken? Fish? There's snapper, tilapia, and shrimp. The menu is divided up into Caribbean Favorites, Friday and Saturday Menu, Lunch Specials, Rice Bowl Specials and Plate Specials. If all this has your head spinning, you're not alone. Our server, part of the family who own and run the place, seemed equally confused. But she was charming. Just accept it, and the slow service as part of the experience - don't worry, be happy.     We ordered oxtails ($11.95) and Eggplant Curry Shrimp ($9.95). The oxtails, in a brown sauce, were fall-off-the-bone tender, fatty, as oxtails are, and totally delicious. The accompanying plantains were caramelized and a little crunchy. Perfection. A huge mound of rice and peas filled the center of the plate - moist and beautifully seasoned. And finally, a side of cabbage. There must have been a little sugar in the cooking pan, because it was sinfully delicious. Served on the side was a basket of roti, a homemade flatbread, similar to a flour tortilla but much softer. It was so hot we burned our fingers trying to pull off a piece. We had finished off the oxtails when the eggplant dish arrived (they were supposed to have come out together - it's a good thing we like to share). Be forewarned, this curry is not for the faint-of-mouth. I wasn't expecting the degree of heat - my nose started running and my eyes watered. But it was pure bliss, with flavor layered on flavor. The shrimp were perfectly cooked, although I wouldn't have minded a few more, and the eggplant was so tender it was almost melting into the gravy. There were also some pieces of potato, which had not been mentioned on the menu, hiding in there. The heap of rice and peas helped mitigate some of the heat. As you might have gathered, between the roti, the plantains, the rice and peas,and the potatoes, this is a carb-lovers paradise.     Two odd things: a wide variety of Caribbean sodas are sold here, but no ice tea. And the rest rooms are in a different building than the restaurant.     The only disappointment was dessert. I got a pineapple tart to take home (I couldn't have eaten another carb if my life depended on it). Our server had said it was the best of the two desserts available. Uh-oh. The tart was really bad - a smidgen of decent pineapple filling wedged between layers of leaden dough, tough and greasy. I was glad I hadn't eaten it at the restaurant, because it would have put a bad ending onto an otherwise extraordinary meal.
1	I was really excited to try this restaurant, and tonight my husband and I came and ordered food to take-out. The service was very friendly and the store was clean, cute, and colorful...but the food was very disappointing. My husband ordered the curry chicken, and although it tasted okay, he literally almost choked on tiny bones in the meat 4 or 5 times. I asked ahead of time if they used white meat and was told yes, but the "Calypso Pasta" I ordered had tiny, tiny pieces of dark meat jerk chicken...instead of the boneless white strips I was expecting, and really it was just mediocre. I'm bummed I wanted to like this place.
4	We've eaten here twice and I hope other people will give it a shot. When we eat here we feel as if we've been invited over to someone's house for dinner. The proprietor goes out of her way to make sure everyone is being looked after and that the food is up to standard. The curries are wonderful and so is the jerk chicken, the goat, all fish and shrimp, the side dishes (including rice, eggplant, roti, plantains). The food is definitely cooked while you wait, so it takes time, but is definitely worth the wait. The only thing that needs improvement is the tables and chairs. It's a bit like patio furniture in is mismatched. I'm sure this will change with time.
4	We have dined here twice now and we loved it both times. Yes they have some bugs to work out but the food is great. The owner is very nice and is very interested in making sure your happy with your meal.  Interesting menu and modestly priced. I can assure you we will be back for sure.
4	So I was taking Jon S. and our friend James to Hot Pot but were extremely disappointed when we made the trek and saw they were closed for "vacation". Intent on carribbean food for dinner, we quickly yelped aTotC and made our way down. Tucked into a little shopping center, I found the bright walls and home-y feel of the place very welcoming. We had a seat and took a look at the menu. I was a little unsure since there are items such as "jerk quesadilla" and "crispy tofu" on the menu, but aTotC pens itself as a healthy caribbean restaurant, so I bought in. I was super excited that they had beef patties, but was a little disappointed that they weren't the "standard" beef patty I'm used to getting from Jamaica/Florida, but they were good and flavorful nonetheless. I WAS SO EXCITED THAT THEY HAD 1 BOTTLE OF KOLA CHAMPAGNE LEFT! I graciously shared it with my 2 friends ;-p but seriously, that stuff is like crack. Jon and I ordered the oxtail, while James had the jerk chicken. The rice and peas weren't what I was used to, but they were good and went great with the oxtail. The plantains were green as she said so they were crisp and fry-like, which was different but good. All in all, this is definitely a place I would to come again, and the owner was very sweet and they definitely appreciate their customers. Keep in mind it's a little pricey though, a soda, patty, and entree cost me $20.
2	Inspired by Nikki Buchanan's review of this place in the AZ republic today, I ventured out on my lunch hour, hopeful and enthusiastic about a great sounding lunch.  I arrived at 11:20 and was stupefied by the surroundings.  6 tables with enough space for 4 were spread out over a largish space, and a bright red sofa sat in a corner.  However, the walls are painted multiple colors, and not in a oh what a pretty rainbow sort of way, but more of a damn we ran out of this color oh well lets just toss up another kinda way.  Normally this wouldn't bother me, but it wasn't until 11:29 that I was even greeted, and 11:32 I was seated, so I had plenty of time to look around and nitpick.  BTW, there were 3 other people in the restaurant!  Ridiculous.  I was thankful I beat whoever was behind my be mere seconds walking in, who wound up waiting so long after me he switched from a dine-in to take-out order.With that negative bit out of the way, I was ready to dig in to the oxtail entree, $11.99, so glowingly praised.  Braised to a wonderful degree, it had great texture, flavored in a brown sauce with very slight garlic undertones, and the marrow/cartilage/fat bits were the perfect sidekicks to the meat.  The accompanying rice with peas were great, and even the cabbage had a wonderful tenderness to it.  The plantains were crispy, sweet, and the perfect finishing note to my meal.  So why the 2 stars?  Well, the opening service, and that I received my iced tea about 10 minutes into my meal with half of it gone.  If they were swamped, I'd understand, but there were 5 of us in the 50 or so minutes I was there.  Everyone was asked if they wanted a receipt and everyone said no, due to I believe a fear of wasting even more time.So in summary, the food was delicious but the service so bad I don't know if I would go back, and I don't think I have ever said that before.
2	This place could have been my closer to home version of Hot Pot, but it just doesn't cut it.  Service was slow, the food was alright but wasn't exceptional.  Having non-english speakers working for you is one thing if you hide them in the back but having them bring our food and not knowing what the word "sweet n low" is (brought us sugar) and not knowing how to pronounce the dishes he brought to us is just not the best way to do things.  I had the curry goat which was decent.  It was not fall of the bone tender like I prefer those style of dishes but it had good flavor.  I think the sauteed cabbage was over-cooked and too soggy.  The ice tea we ordered was pre-sweetened which would have been nice to know beforehand.  It also was $2 on the menu but $3 on the bill.  I haven't had any luck with places in this shopping center.  Tom's BBQ is an insult to people with taste buds, and SomeBurro is average at best.  Maybe I'll give the place another shot but not before I try some new places and I get tired of driving over to Hot Pot.
5	Love, love, love A Taste of the Caribbean! The braised oxtails are heavenly, succulent and fall off the bone tender. They had me audibly moaning with delight the entire meal. The plantains and braised cabbage on the side were perfect sides, and the rice with pigeon peas was perfect for sopping up all that oxtail sauce. The jerk chicken was also fantastic, but since I was so busy hoarding my oxtails I didn't get to try much of it. The jerk was smoky, spicy, and highlighted the chicken instead of overpowering it. Same sides, so at least we didn't have to fight over those. Make sure to try the hibiscus flower drink (sorrel) with cloves floating in it. It accompanies the earthy, spicy flavor palate of the meat well and is very similar to the jicama offered up at Mexican joints.The atmosphere of this place is wonderfully warm and inviting. The eclectic and bold paint decorating the walls is very reminiscent of the Caribbean, and the faux-rattan chairs help with the vibe too. There's also a couch against one side of the restaurant that is kind of out of place, but who am I to judge decor? Nothing in my house matches. In that respect it's kind of like being invited over to a friend's house for dinner and having her mom whoop up some of the most amazing ethnic food you never get at your Kraft mac n cheese house. It's clearly a family owned joint with all ages bumming around the kitchen. Kiddos bring out water, adolescents with hip hop ring tones take your order, and the matriarchs keep them all in line. It's energetic and engaging and utterly delicious. Next time I need leave room for the cassava or coconut cake! (Much harder to do than you may think. Trust me.)Oh, they also have some interesting breakfast options like smoked fish and such. Don't worry, they also have regular old eggs on the menu. Check it out one morning for something outside of the norm!
3	We finally got over to Taste of the Caribbean this evening. I was really looking forward to it after reading so many glowing reviews. The bad: service was slow and not attentive. There was only one other group in there, so I am not sure why this was so. They did not even give our son a glass of water until we asked about halfway through the visit. After waiting for some time I did finally get one refill. Also, is it my imagination or does this place have no restrooms?The good: food is darn good. My wife had jerk fish and raved about it. I had jerk chicken and at first I was not overly impressed. But the flavors are just more subtle than I am used to in this type of food, and by the fourth bite was was sold. The sides were great--rice and peas, plantains and what I guess is stewed cabbage. Very excellent. I'm really wanting to give it three and a half stars---2 for service and four or five for the food.
3	If you want to understand the meaning of eating unbelievably spicy foods in a horrendously hot environment to actually make your body feel cooler, than you should come here to eat.  We came here with a couple of friends while we were in a somewhat adventurous mood.  I don't typically love spicy food, but I am definitely a fan of the cajun/jerk style of spicy.  I ordered some sort of jerk chicken pasta dish, but I can't remember the name.  The chicken was a tiny bit dry and the pasta was a tad overcooked, but nothing that would ruin a dish.  Unfortunately for me, the jerk part of it was so incredibly spicy that after a couple of bites I was sweating profusely and my nose insisted on running while I was trying to eat.  It was literally so hot I could only take a couple more bites without tears coming out of my eyes.  Now I know that I am a bit of a wuss when it comes to spicy, but I can handle some heat.  This was just a full on inferno that you expect only from hell.All that being said, I did feel cooler on a particularly hot AZ day.  I didn't hate the food, it was just too spicy for me.  If you love spicy, this is your place.  If you don't, well, I don't suggest you order anything with the word jerk in the description.
4	Now THIS is good Caribbean food.  We wandered in a little after noon, and the place was empty... Four tables, and the nice lady who runs the place.  I could tell right away that this was going to be authentic.I ordered the curry goat, and washed it down with a bottle of Kola Champagne.  It was just like old times, when I was offered curry goat by a Jamaican woman I knew in New York:"Would you like some curry goat?""I don't particularly care for goat.""Have you had curry goat?""No.""You're having some curry goat."Yes, curry goat is delicious.  This curry goat definitely met expectations, with a hearty flavor, and very tender.  It had the texture of a good pot roast.  And it had some potatoes mixed in, which taste great when soaked in curry goat juice.The plate also came with some rice, some of the most delicious plantains I've had, as well as a green salad I could have done without, but ultimately appreciated because I really should eat my vegetables.No, they're not the fastest place, but it's really like eating home-cooked Caribbean food.  And you don't go eat at someone's house and expect their service to be the most efficient, do you?The essence of this place was perfectly captured by my coworker, who after I mentioned it might be added to the rotation, said, "F@#k the rotation, I'm eating here every day!"
4	Jerk-style caribbean fare, and very tasty. It's a family style resturant with the complete home cooked atmosphere. Be warned that the food preparation takes a little while but the service is very good and friendly. *does not serve coke, but has some caribbean imports.
4	My first visit with a friend and won't be our last.  I had the oxtails and my friend had the jerk fish (talapia).  We sampled each others and both agreed they were delish!   The oxtails were so tender and the rice, cabbage and plantains was also very tasty.  It's close to home too!
4	Came here on a Tuesday night for a birthday dinner with some friends. We had the entire place to ourselves. The waitress was friendly and let us move the tables together. They didn't charge us automatic gratuity or complain about seperate checks.ToC gets points for serving filtered water. I appreciate that so much, and no need for lemon wedges to mask the taste of AZ tap water. The server was friendly and attentive and kept our waters full and answered all our questions. She even let my friend sample the oxtails before ordering.Took a little while for the food to come out, but I am used to that at places like this.  All the dishes looked amazing and smelled mouthwatering good! I ordered the curry chicken with an extra side of plantain (i'm part naija and thus a plantain addict) and roti-which is a kind of flatbread. My chicken came with rice and black beans, a few plantain and tender, well seasoned cabbage, all excellent. The chicken was fall off the bone good, flavorful with just the right amount of heat and just plain tasty! The roti was a hot basket of a big folded tortilla-like bread. Really good for soaking up the sauce on my plate. Eveyone was pleased with their food, I could tell because their was a nice lull in the conversation! We relaxed and ate until we couldn't anymore. After we were done eating, the owner, Paula, came and checked on us and thanked us for coming in. She was very nice and I hope that ToC sticks around. I need this kind of food nearby.ToC is open for breakfast, lunch, and dinner and serves their breakfast items all day, which is a bonus to me.  They also serve a variety of vegetarian dishes which look good to an omnivore such as myself. For more timid folks, there are pasta, salads and quesedilla on the menu too. They also do takeout, and quite a few people came in for to-go orders while we were there. The space is small and cute, with bright gold walls and a mural, there is a small love seat to wait on.I could easily see eating here once a week, lol, as I love good Jamaican style food. I already have added the oxtails, jerk, brown stew and green banana dishes on my list of must try items. As well as the patties, which the server said run out by noon. They are made by hand everyday and I can't wait to try them.
4	Cute interior, tasty jerk chicken.  This small little restaurant serves up big portions of hearty Caribbean foods with very friendly service.  My only nit-picky thing was that the chicken, while tasty, did have a little too much salt for my tastes.
3	very friendly wait staff... the jerk chicken salad was fabulous beef patties sucked really bummer because that is my go to appetizer at carribean food spots all in all worth a stop through if you want carribean food in tempe I'm sure the other items are great
4	Having tried the great food offered at Hot Pot, I decided to give this restaurant a try. I arrived for lunch on a saturday and was fortunate to be the only and maybe first customer for the day so I was able to actually chit-chat with the owner and meet her mother. This was definitely not a Jamaican restaurant and the big mural of Guyana, painted by a sister as well as the menu reflected the name of the restaurant. Beside the usual fare, there was roti and even a rice-bowl which probably alluded to size and nothing asian. My food was brought out by Salvador, the chilango chef who has obviously been trained by the owner's mom. I ordered the Ox-tail as well as the Brown Stew Chicken, both both rice & peas. I decided to get an order of curried goat as well as jerk chicken to go.The portions were impressive and I was already warned that the rice & peas varied according to the peas/beans they chose to use on a particular day. Today....it was great. The ox-tail was good although not as impressive as Hot Pot.  As for the brown stew chicken...well...that's always a staple on jamaican/caribbean menus and I have always avoided ordering it, just because there is nothing in the name that suggests anything exotic or special. I left, still wondering "What is Brown Stew Chicken?". Don't get me wrong, there was nothing wrong with the meal. It tasted decent, like chicken should; served in a gravy/sauce which is probably the "stewed"  part of the name, and since I don't really have any references to compare it to,  suffice it to say, I would be comfortable whipping it up on my won after following any online recipe. Both meals were served with steamed & seasoned cabbage which was delicious. I have yet to try the other 2 dishes I purchased which I will eat later today. I was told that they will prepare jerk pork and the guyanese speciality, "Pepperpot" if given sufficient notice. I am looking forward to trying both.  Overall, I enjoyed my meals and plan on returning to sample all the items on the menu.
5	This restaurant was the first one I tried when I moved to Tempe. I had spent 6 weeks in the Bahamas and though the regions are not the same there is some similarity--and I was craving Bahamian food. I was hoping there might be some crossover that would satisfy my craving.I have since been the restaurant many times and every time it's fantastic. The baked goods are amazing--they melt in your mouth! The family that runs the store is so friendly and every time I go in I have a conversation with someone.I highly recommend the lunch fish sandwich and the plantains. My friends love the Ox Tail and the smells this place emits is almost as good as the food.Totally worth trying!
4	Nice place for a date. It is small, very few tables but the food is wonderful. I have to say it took a while for the food to come to our table but it was worth the wait. Food was a little under temperature but still good. I would go back again.
4	If you want to go by food only it's a 5/5. However, I have to take it down one for its overtly unprofessional atmosphere. One guy called it "too authentic" and he's kind of right. If you come for lunch, be warned, it's an extremely limited menu. As mentioned in other reviews, the food is slow to come out, but that's because all of it is pretty much cooked to order, so at least it will always taste fresh.Going back to the atmosphere, like said in other reviews, it looks like a cross between an insurance office and somebody's outdoor patio furniture moved indoors. The restaurant is basically run by a family, so the accents and food are very authentic.Summary: If you're in the mood for some tasty authentic Caribbean food, look no further. If you want some place efficient or fancy to impress a date, look elsewhere.
5	This place is a real treasure in the Tempe and the West Valley. It's a family-run place it appears - I've glimpsed a grandmotherly figure in the back kitchen watching the pots.I like Caribbean food, but it's not one of my all-time favorite cuisines. Plus, it's run by Guyanans, and I've never really thought of Guyana as having Caribbean food, though of course if you look at the map it makes sense. Thank goodness I decided to give it a try. This ranks among some of the tastiest Caribbean food I've ever had.The menu is varied and authentic. Basically there's three preparation methods - curry, jerk, and Guyanese specialties. These can be served over rice or with Roti (that's the Indian influence in Guyana). You also pick chicken, fish, goat, or veggie. The curry is amazing, with rice or with roti - and it's good cuts of chicken (a mix or brown and white) - not leftover parts you get in other similar inexpensive places. The specialties are also great - try the Brown Stew or Pepper Pot.I've had three or four items now, sometimes the lunch bowls (cheap!) and other times the dinner plates with rice and vegetable slaw included. I've never had a bad experience. I should also mention that the people are relentlessly friendly and helpful, and the eating area is spotless and painted in festive Caribbean colors and murals.
3	I walk in and go up to the counter, immediately stoked about the bottles of jerk sauce and yummy oddball sodas...  We ordered fried plantains, jerk fish and curry veggie something... the food is very yummy! But god damn we waited a fucking hour!!!! It was insane. And yes, that means the food's fresh or whatever, but dude... an HOUR. They should warn people before they order. Anyways, the point is that the service was really bad (and I've been there multiple times and the service has sucked every time), but the deliciousness of the food made up for it. Considering the fact that it's a family joint I'd go back, but if this was a chain, they'd never see me again. My favorite part about this place is the HORRIBLY drawn map of the Caribbean islands on the wall and patio furniture in the dining room : )
5	A great find in the desert.  A Caribbean food place that taste like the real thing.  Having searched for a "true" Caribbean food restaurant in the area for a long time, I finally found this place.  On this particular day, I refused to end up at a franchise spot where I would have wallowed sadly at an unfulfilling lunch.The Curry Goat HIT the spot.  I finally realized that I had been hungry for weeks and nothing satiated my hunger until I ate here (Not strange right? considering that I am from the Caribbean)The cook is a grandma so she knows how to cook it like is should be.Nothing can vex me about the food here.
5	This is my 2nd time dining in here.  The 1st time with my 2 younger daughters: we had Jerk chicken which comes with rice/beans, plantains, and veggie.  This time I had curried chicken with same sides and the veggies was this BOMB braised cabbage/carrot sweet mixture with a hint of cinnamon or something.  The portion is phenomenal!  Oh did I mention that i am pregnant so I am NEVER willing to sacrifice taste or flavor lol.  I only had to wait about 5-10min for my hot yummy plate.  I sat watching CNN, chatting with the daughter about the news and how great the food was. Very cozy atmosphere!  I am from the Bay so I can tell you just how hard it is to find authentic mom & pop restaurants like this who simply cook it up.  This is a hard working family who is just trying to keep their business and dream alive in a horrible economy.OH did I mention I had THE BEST homemade sorrel too!! damn my mouth is watering just writing about this all over again.  go with a hungry belly, patience, and a kind heart ;)
5	Cute little place right off of Baseline about a mile or two down from the Arizona Mills mall. The owners/servers were very kind and helpful and playfully giggling at me as I was trying to figure out what to order. This was my first time EVER having Caribbean food. I was a little apprehensive but my friend assured me I would enjoy it. I ordered the Jerk Chicken dinner meal. It took about 1/2 an hour for my meal to arrive; it was WORTH the wait. They cook everything to order so it DOES take some time to prepare; just be patient. Anyhow, this "Jerk" chicken was absolutely delicious!!! I was pleasantly surprised!! And I do NOT like dark meat chicken or spicy food but whatever they did to this cancelled all of that out!! My lips and face were on fire afterwards but dang...it was SO worth it!!! The other stuff with this chicken was so dang good I wanted more. It came with some sort of rice with beans in it, some sort of cole slaw type of vegetable salad, and...the best part...PLANTAINS. I have never had plantains until today and I left wanting to take an entire ORDER home with me. They taste like bananas but with a different kind of flare. DEeeeeellliccccioussss!!!! I have a feeling everything they cook is delicious. I will definitely be back the next time I am in Tempe/Phoenix.
3	GREAT food and I would definitely recommend it for carry out.  This is about as authentic as it gets.  A long wait for your food can be expected, but is well worth the wait.   However, I'm deducting 1 point for service and another for atmosphere.  We recently stopped in for lunch, and were the only guests.  When placing our orders, the server seemed annoyed that we had come in.  It felt like we were interupting something very important that was taking place in the back.  We did not receive our drink order until our food arrived about 25 minutes after we ordered.  It would not have seemed as long had it not been for the terrible atmosphere.The dining room is very bright with tall ceilings, so sounds echo very easily.  Some other people stopped in for lunch, and we all spoke very softly to not share our conversations with each other.  If they'd turned on some music, it would have been much less uncomfortable.  They did have a TV on, but it was muted.  I think with a few minor adjustments to the front of house staff and the atmosphere, this place could definitely earn a 5 star rating.  They've definitely got the food for it!
5	This place is so good. We got the ox tail stew and jerk chicken. Both were amazing. The people that work there are very nice and helpful. Jus ask them if you have any questions. There isn't much 'ambiance', but really, who cares, the food is amazing.Definetely check this place out.
4	Do you like tender, fall-off-the-bone stewed meats that are rich with flavorful spices and unique to the average palette?   If so, then you should pick a night you don't have much going on and head over to A Taste of the Caribbean.  My roomie and I have been here a handful of times and are always happy with our visit.  Things to try:Jerk ChickenGoat CurryBrown Stew ChickenBeef Patties (not sure why they call them that though)Yucca dessert - tastes coconutty!Notes:They are on their own clock so don't be in a hurry!I wish they'd have some music playing instead of the TV all the time.  That'd match the colorful design a bit more.  Sometimes the beef patties are too dry but I like them anyway! lolNow that I'm writing about it... I kinda wanna go again!  I wanna get their oxtail... they were in between batches when I tried to order it last time.  See ya there.
4	I was in the Tempe area visiting friends.  We had been to several restaurants that were decent, but nothing special.  i was sort of tired of "New Americana" (this style restaurant seems to be in abundance in this area).  My boyfriend and i wanted something different and good so we turned to Yelp for some advice.As soon as I walked in, I knew it was going to be good.  There were maybe 5 tables and the atmosphere was super laid back.  There are only a few different meals on the menu, but you can get each dish with a variety of meat (or order it vegetarian).  Looking at the decor, I  felt like I was in my grandmother's home in the Dominican Republic.  The staff is really nice and the food was so fresh.  Our meals came with plantains and I could immediately smell the sweetness of the plantains coming from the kitchen.If I'm ever in the area, I will definitely stop by again!
3	I live in Tempe and have been here more times than I can remember. Once I realized there was a Jamaican Food Spot near me, I was so happy!The food is good, but not consistent. Once my curry chicken was dry (meaning not enought curry sauce) but it still tasted very good. Another time, the shorted me on the shrimp, and another time there was a different combo of veggies in my Curry Shrimp than before, and another time,I was really hungry and I opened my box to take a bite before I left and plantains were missing!! WHAT!! They were out and did not bother to mention that before I paid for my food. I didn't like that at all. As a matter of fact, I ordered an additional side of plantains that day so they had to refund my money since I had paid for something they did not have!! The front of the house would be alot better if they did play some music and had a friendly person working the counter. Each time I go it is someone different and they do not seemed pleased to service. Once there was a little girl (maybe somewhere between 9-12 yrs old) who took my order, she charged me for a cup of ice water. Not bottled water, but a cup of ice water. An adult walked in and took over as I was prompted to pay and removed the charge. This is Arizona, it's June, you don't charge for a cup of ice water especially when I'm ordering almost 30$ worth of food from your establishment. Other than that, the food is good. I will continue to patronize however , I will be vocal about what I want and ask up front if plantains are in the house?! :)
4	As the others have mentioned, the decor and service are a bit lacking, we have to agree. The Nanny was on TV when we ate here last Friday night. At 7:30pm we were the only table. We counted no fewer than 7 employees (including children who helped serve us).I started with a ginger beer. I didn't know what it was before I ordered, but it was so strong I couldn't drink it. The (head?) waitress later asked if it was too strong and I said yes. She brought a to-go cup and told me to put half ginger beer and half water together at home.I had the goat curry. It was amazing. Super tender and flavorful; just watch for the tiny bones. The oxtail was sold out. Hubby had the jerk chicken which was moist with a bit of a kick. Sides were rice, a warm cabbage slaw, and plantains. Overall, we thought the food was excellent for the price, but it's really not a great date place.
5	Fall off the bone perfect flavored jerk chicken. Off the beaten path a bit, decor is nothing special, but the food is a 10!! The little jamaican ladies always come out and ask how the food is. So nice that they ask. They do take their time getting your food out, but anyone that has been to the carribean knows....well thats just how it is. Always worth the wait.I'll be back time and time again!
4	Good but not great Caribbean food.  The jerk chicken was definitely not spicy enough, but the patties were outstanding.  Hot Pot is better, but still not a bad choice if you are nearby.
4	This is legit, Carribean food. And I know, because I used to live in the Carribean. It's absolutley delicious. I always get the curried chicken (which is NEVER dry, always the most plump meat) The rice and beans are perfect, just as if you were eating them in any of the carribean islands. The lunch bowl special (any meat you like, curried or jerk, with rice and beans, sweet plantains and coleslaw) is a great deal; at under $7, it comes with so much food! (at least for a 130 lb woman) I couldn't finish it, though I sure wanted to. You can get the special I believe between 11 and 3pm. The cook is an older Guyanese woman, who definitely brought a taste of her homeland to Az!
5	Omg!!! The food was outstanding!!. A small but charming place... I recommend it!!!! My best meal on this trip...
4	Wow, things really do change quite a bit in a year and a half!  The service issues are still there but not nearly as bad, oxtail continues to rock my world, goat curry very good, last thing I had here was their escovitch, which was an amazing preparation of fish, it somehow had the sinus-clearing sensation of wasabi with some sour and sweet tones.  Their sides of cabbage, rice, beans, plantains continue to seduce.  Their ginger beer mixed with their sorrell drink just might be my favorite new drink in the last 2 years, its worth a trip just to try it.  4 well deserved star update!
2	Came here for takeout.  I was feent out (yes, I said feent out) for some Caribbean food (other than my own).  And the Caribbean restaurants are few and far between out here.  On top of that, I'm a veggie.  So I was excited when I learned of a spot that touts healthy Caribbean food.As a Caribbean girl, I wanted to love this place, but...CONS: Curry Tofu was not as firm as I like, spicy but lacking seasoning to balance it out, only 3 slivers of plantain.PROS: Large serving sizes, clean, homey, friendly hosts, late hours, Caribbean map drawn on the wall :)I will definitely give them another shot, as I know many people don't know how to cook tofu properly.  Since they are Guyanese, I'll give the vegetable roti a try next time.
4	To start, let me just say Tempe is not a food haven.  I don't think this area around Phoenix is one in general.  Therefore you shouldn't have too much expectation out of this.  Sure it has a decent share of Greek/Mediterranean joints, but to see a Caribbean place here.....my head told me it could have been really bad or really good.  Thankfully, some yelp reviews leaned me towards the good side, and with the limited options around, how could I go wrong?So I took a 10 min walk over from the Embassy Suites and got an order to go.  The moment I walked in, I noticed people weren't kidding.....theres a strange arrangement of jewelry displayed and a bunch of empty tables.  I wasn't sure I was even in the right place.  And then the nice old lady looked up to me and asked what I'd like.  That's when I realized I was in the right place.  For a second, I thought they were closed, but I took a few moments to look at the menu (as if I hadn't already studied the reviews on yelp prior), and made a gesture to get the ox tail.  Jerk chicken was close in the race, but something told me I wanted the good stuff...something to erase my experience with Garcias the night before.  The family running the business was really nice and the old lady was really sweet.  We chatted a bit while I waited for the food and before I knew it, I was on my way storming home to devour my meal.The ox tail was really nicely flavored and stewed perfectly.  I'm not sure if they had a pot of it going, or it got taken out of the fridge and reheated, but in any case, it tasted good.  The rice and beans were complimenting and wasn't too greasy as I was worried it would be.  The collard greens came in what almost tasted like gravy but it worked really well and tasted delicious.  Plantains.....I think were my fault since they probably got too soggy from sitting in the to go box for 10 mins.  But its nice to try something somewhat different in a strange little town here in Tempe.  And its great to know that Taste of the Caribbean did just that.
2	I came here with my friend Tom as part of our adventurous food tour of Phoenix :-P The place is cute, very small and colorful. The woman who worked there (owner?) was friendly and helpful...she answered all of my questions regarding the menu. She told me the Jerk was the spiciest, followed by the curry, then the stew I believe. So we ordered Jerk chicken and goat curry. So here was the problem. None of the food was the least bit spicy. Like...not spicy....at all. Second problem: There were A LOT of bones in the food...like choking hazard....I would cut off the smallest piece of meat and somehow it would have like 2-3 bones in it...who even knew that many bones existed in chicken or goat? The flavors were alright, but nothing special. Vaguely like Indian food. The rice and beans tasted alright, but some of the beans were undercooked. The plantains were good, or at least the ones on my plate, but they were inconsistent, as the ones on Tom's plate were soggy and not cooked enough. We each ended up paying, with tip and all, 15$...that is ridiculous for the quality of food we received. I feel bad for saying it but I probably would not go back....sorry guys!
4	I had a serious craving for Roti.  So glad I found this place.  A very small menu selection but it had exactly what I wanted.  The serving for $8.20 after tax is enough for 2 meals.  I know where to go from now on for a great meal with leftovers.  This is a noteworthy place to bring my Uncle T.J. who's a Trini when he comes to visit.
3	Had the goat curry.  Came with some red beans and rice, plantains, and cabbage. Was very good.  Had a lot of tiny bones in it so watch out for that.  Dad had the jerk fish.  Great flavor and they don't hold back the spice.   A bit pricey and the service was a bit awkward.  Will go again.  Going to try the chicken next.
5	ever since coming back from guyana, i have craved the unique curry flavor only that country has. the channa (chickpeas), goat curry, vegetable roti have all left a longing that i've only found in the suburbs of Atlanta. that all changed last week when a guyanese i work with came running to me, excitement beaming from his eyes "here nah man...me done found dis place fuh yuh get da roti....gon get me un too". and so it was i went to Taste of Caribbean. as others have mentioned, it's not much to look at. very simple but clean. but when i walked in and smelled that curry cooking, i knew i wouldn't be disappointed. since i don't eat meat anymore, my choice was vegetable or tofu roti. they offer goat, oxtail, fish, chicken, and beef choices as well as the lovely sorrel and ginger beer drink. it takes a while...about 25 minutes for a vegetable roti and a chicken roti (for my guyanese co-worker). i spent that time conversing with the owners sister about guyana while trying not to drool on myself from the delicious aroma coming from the kitchen. in the end, i got my roti. it was enormous! bigger than a chipotle burrito. stuffed to the rim with soft chickpea, onion, and potatoe. i couldn't stand it. as soon as i arrived home, i sliced it in half and shared it with the wife. cost is 8.95 for the vegetable roti, but it was worth it. i can't wait to go back and get my next guyanese fix!
4	I am partly Caribbean and hail from New Jersey.  I have only been in the Tempe area  for about three weeks.  As I was heading to the bank this past Saturday, guess what I saw? A Caribbean place nestled in a cute shopping center in Tempe.I immediately made the right turn into the complex and headed straight for the food.  The woman that greeted me was rather nice and I soon found out that she is from Brooklyn; we did our East Coast bonding and then I ordered the Chicken curry roti.  It took a while to come out, but it was worth the wait.  It was in deed huge, packed with curried chicken and potatoes.  The flavor was nice, although I have had better in NYC and Toronto.  It was not as spicy as I remember it being in other places, but I will just ask for spicy next time.Overall, the food was tasty and I will go back.  But, keep in mind, you will not get your food very quickly.  They take their time with preparing the food.I want to try the ox tail, chicken pattie, or the curry goat next time.  Oh and the jerk chicken sounds yummy as well.
5	Made my first visit today to redeem a coupon had.  This is a cozy little family run business with a friendly staff and great service. They serve up some pretty darn delicious food too!  The spices were very unique and very tastey.   I live nearby and definitely think this has become one of my favorite mom&pop places in the area.  I got the tofu jerk,  and my friend got the chicken jerk. We both walked away with very high ratings of our experience and will be returning to try some new dishes soon.
3	The smell of jerk spices drew us into this place, and it was pretty good but not great.  The meat is beyond compare- savory, flavorful and satisfying.  The sides are a little disappointing- the plantains are delicious, but the rice and vegetables I had weren't that great. The service was OK.  We all agreed that it wasn't as good as we hoped but that we felt it deserved another chance.One note: we tried to redeem a Restaurant.com certificate and the owner said they had stopped accepting them months ago.  She said she had asked Restaurant.com to take the offer down, and she refused to accept the certificate.  I called Restaurant.com and asked for a refund, and they would only let me exchange it for another restaurant.   I continued to check for a week or two afterwards and the offer remained up.  That was a few months ago, and looking at the website now, they still have the offer, but in a smaller amount.  If you are thinking of purchasing a Restaurant.com certificate for this restaurant, you may want to call them first and make sure they still accept it.
5	The oxtails were excellent they were cooked to perfection and that is from the mouth of the meat eater. Now I had the curry shrimp and it was perfectly spiced and very well cooked. I would recommend this place highly If you have a passion for true Caribbean food.
4	Great food with  great taste! the best place for Caribbean food in Tempe. A new taste for a sophisticated palate and just down the street! I am a huge fan and have been several times - offering it up as a good eat to family and friends who are visiting, but the service can take a little bit!
4	The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because of their slow service.   Other than that the meat pie appetizer tasted just like mom used to make, chicken curry and homemade rotis, and the curry tofu rice and bean plate we're delicious and fresh.   I'll be looking forward to next weeks visit.
2	So, I had The Jerk Chicken, Rice and Peas With Plantains And Cabbage. The Rice and Peas were the best thing about this place everything was was not good at all.  The Jerk Chicken had no flavor no heat at all and if you had Jerk Chicken you know it should be spicy. I had better places. This as my second time here I forgot the reason why I didn't go back now I know. Will not go back again
4	The food was awesome! Great food- service was great too but it did take a long time so be prepared to wait a while. Otherwise it was better than expected food and I grew up with this food.
4	So, I went back again last night and ordered the jerk chicken and asked that it be very spicy, like it normally is supposed to be, and they did it! I was imrpressed  The flavors on my plate were amazing.  The cabbage, plantains, beans and rice, and jerk chicken were all worth the $9.50 plus tax. I am thinking of having an East Coast foodies event there.  Good job with the spice this time A Taste of the Caribbean.Cheers
3	its aghhhhight. its the best in yur neighborhood, ... but theres better if you get in your car and drive. i give them props. i give them three more years
5	Bruce Banner has to fight to keep the Hulk contained. I fight the same battle with Vanilla Heat. Born in Jamaica's Hedonism 3 resort I regularly feasted on jerk chicken, rice, and plantains. While I have managed well over the past couple of years to keep VH under control, I did have a hankering for Caribbean food this weekend and found A Taste of the Caribbean at Baseline & Mill. I could feel Vanilla Heat fighting to get out.From my table I could hear the sizzle from the chicken as it cooked and I began looking forward to its arrival. While waiting I looked at my mobile app and saw several Yelp reviews and the only negative thing I really saw was the level of spice. I am not sure if the owners made a change, but the jerk chicken was spicy on my visit. The chicken was fall-off-the-bone tender and had an excellent flavor. It came with a side of red beans & rice, cabbage, and 3 plantains. The owner told me if I needed more rice, cabbage, or plantains to ask him.The restaurant is small and colorful with very pleasant decorations, and Pandora played nice reggae rhythms. This restaurant took me back to my trip to Jamaica and provided the best jerk chicken I have had since. Thankfully it didn't take me all the way back, else I would have ran naked through the parking lot yelling SHABBA! But any time I need a jerk chicken fix this will be the spot!
5	Great chicken curry and plantains!
5	i was a bit nervous to my first visit. We were the only people in the restaurant.  Usually that is a very very bad sign.  However, the food was FANTASTIC.  I had the Jerk Tofu, which came with Beans & Rice, a cabbage concoction, and fried Plantains.  Everything was great!I am not sure why the place was empty during lunch time, but I will definitely be going back!!!
4	The peas and rice that they make here is GREAT. It makes up for the "Jerk Tofu" which I am afraid to say is not authentic at all, i never saw it before I came here. The place was clean and not crowded feeling. Prices are right on! the Jerk Chicken and plantains are good. They do a good job with this sides. The spice is very well done too. It did seem a bit unorganized, which could make for slow service. On this visit the service was good. This is probably the best value for Caribe' grub around. Many Caribe' places here have high prices and have their nose in the air a bit. This place keeps it real!
4	I had a LivingSocial coupon for this place & went in with some friends on the weekend. I ordered the Jerk Chicken & it was really good. The little salad(which was well garnished & tasted great), fried plantains (1 word- awesome) on the side added some value to the otherwise pricey meal ($9.50). The rice & beans too tasted pretty good! Could really taste the flavor of the ingredients (their indigenous spice, Jerk) which was just fantalicious!Final Verdict: Would DEFINITELY go here again for the food, but the service was slow & terrible. Please educate your staff, otherwise it really doesn't matter how good the food is!
2	I finally had a chance to dine here and it was just ok. This definetly is not the worse and its not the best Caribbean food I have had. I like the vibe of the place..from the pics on the wall...the map of the islands..not to mention the familiar reggae tunes that were playing in the background. I had the chance to sample the Jerk Chicken, it was ok....a little dry, as if it had been sitting for a while. I will try to give a one more try, maybe I went too late in the evening..but we will see. I will update you yelpers later
3	Does the change of name to Caribbean Spice indicate that the restaurant is under new management? I sure hope so! This restaurant puts out delicious, authentic Caribbean food that's unlike anything else I've had in the Valley. It's tragic that it's run so poorly.The first time I came here was with my Puerto Rican dad who owned/managed restaurants for many years. He was surprised how slowly the food came out considering they have small menu with simple fare. He suspected there was a great deal of food prep (chopping onions, parboiling rice) that wasn't being done ahead of time. Nevertheless, we agreed the his jerk chicken and my huge veggie roti was delicious, and he would like to come back to try the oxtail stew.I returned a second time this week to have dinner with my husband who was coming from work. Anticipating the long wait, I ordered for both of us. I wanted to try the tofu curry this time, but I was told they didn't have any tofu. Really? With a giant Whole Foods down the street, no one could obtain some tofu for dinner service. I got the veggie roti again with the warning that it would take a "loooooooong time" since someone before me just ordered a roti. My husband loved his jerk chicken and the rice and beans on the side. He was also over the moon about the plantains since he is addicted to them. He was surprised how much he liked my veggie roti and ended up eating my leftovers later that night.We'll be back for the great food, but we'll remember to bring loads of patience.
4	You know when you get a huge plate of delicious looking food and all your dining companions comment that in no way could you ever finish all that food? A Taste of the Caribbean is like that. Only the food is just that good that you WILL finish your gigantor plate of grub!They have only a few drink options (your typical Coke products, some tea and juice options).  The spot is super cute and bright, and reminded me of some of the hole in the wall joints I've visited on my Central American and Caribbean travels. I don't know about you, but brightly colored walls just make me happy!My only complaint was some super Evangelical TV show was on. Sure, we probably could've asked for it to be turned off or volume down, but I didn't want to offend the adorable cook, "Mama."Will I be back?  Heck yes!
5	I tried the vegetable curry and it is delicious...lots of flavor which is sometimes hard to find with vegetarian food. My friend had the chicken ROTI which he said was equally delicious. I tried some of the bread from his so I can say it was also good!This is a small place, pretty simple but nice and clean. The environment isn't anything exciting but the food was amazing and I'm all about the food!
4	I got there just before they were closing, the guy working the counter was a bit unhappy I could tell... I apologized and told him I was only ordering one thing, wasn't too helpful with recommendations, but alas.. I am adventurous! I ordered the jerk chicken... Holy crap it was fall off the bone good! The red beans and rice were the best I have ever had..I actually wanted to lick the styrofoam container..but not wanting to get tongue cancer I begrudgingly threw it away. I would recommend this little gem to anyone wishing to try something new!
1	This is one of the few times Yelp has let me down. We love Caribbean food and was excited to try this after reading the good reviews.  I would give it zero stars if I could and I rarely feel that way about the restaurants we visit.We arrived a few minutes before 11am and had to wait outside for it to open. At 11am, the owner opened the doors and let us in. The dining room lights were off and the blinds were closed so she began to open the blinds and turn on the lights. It was very hot in the dining room.  We assumed she had been in the back prepping food for opening but we assumed wrong - more about that later.Another gentlemen walked in the same time as we did and while we were looking for the menu, he said he wanted a to-go order. He asked for a couple items but was told "we don't have" so he finally settled on jerk chicken.  I went up to order while other half went outside to sit at the table on the patio as it was way too hot to be inside. I too was told on several items that "we are out". I was ready to give up but finally settled on the jerk chicken and the chicken curry. Now after reading the reviews, we were prepared to wait quite awhile for our food and was surprised when it arrived almost immediately.The first bite I took of my curry - it was crystal clear that it was leftover as it was cold and the sauce was separating. Since I have no idea how long this leftover had been in the fridge, I opted to not eat it. The plantains were delish and the rice/beans were just okay (not much flavor).  My other half eat his plantains and rice and beans but was avoiding the jerk chicken so I asked him why. He said he didn't want to get food poisoning as we had a 2 hour drive back home! He did take one bite of the jerk chicken and said it was exactly as he thought it would be - reheated slightly, cold, very greasy and slimy on the outside.  Now we know that the owner was not in the back prepping food as she had just arrived minutes before unlocking the door!
5	I give four stars just for existing in an area where I was strapped for good choices.  The added star is to complete the fact that their food is really good.I had the Goat curry and a few patties.  The meal was basic, but tasty.  An expected plate comes with salad, plantains, rice, and the curried goat.  I have seen where there is not enough sauce to cover the rice, not so here.A definite stop whenever I am in the Phoenix/Tempe area.Oh, and the Guyanese owner is very friendly.DT
2	Growing up in the caribbean, I soooo wanted to like this place.  Really, I wanted to.  They are guyanese, which is one of my favorite caribbean versions; I grew up with many guyanese friends and know the flavor profile well.  We stopped in for lunch - place was empty.  Perhaps a dinner might be better; I got the sense that they were still prepping for the evening, so lunch is whatever they have on hand.  They were out of curried goat.  They didn't have enough of the oxtail to make up my meal, so they gave me what they had and added some stewed chicken.  The beef patties were commercially bought ones - very disappointing.  I'd hoped they made their own here.Overall, flavors were average.  The sparse caribbean restaurant options in Phoenix gives this place a pass on the flavors - it's better than not having any, but nothing to write home about (at least not the lunch I had).The owners are friendly, and the place is relatively clean (tables a bit sticky, however).  I really want to like them, so I'll give them another try - this time a dinner when I'm in the neighborhood.  Perhaps go with the more traditional roti and curry goat.... IF it's available!  Reserving judgement for now.....
5	I shared two fantastic lunch plates that were flavorful and genuine. This a small, local business offering a glimpse of global cuisine. The setting is casual, eclectic, and comfortable.
3	I had high expectations for this place and when I called them late last night to ask if they had any patties I was told "many patties". I got there after 9pm and ordered 2 chicken and two beef patties plus jerk chicken with white rice and cabbage. The jerk was flavorful but a bit too salty for my taste, although the chicken was tender, falling off the bone, I feel it was a bit too salty and the white rice was ok, not dry which was good. Now, when it comes to patties, I go for texture and taste of the meat. First I had the chicken which had spice but the crust of the patty to me wasn't all that great, a bit soggy which I think they put them in the microwave, to me that's a no-no with Jamaican patties. Patties to me are supposed to be flaky and the meat should have good spices. Both patties were ok, not all that thrilling. The place was clean and empty, the employees were friendly but both were in the kitchen area leaving the front desk empty, I had to raise my voice to have someone help me in the front. So it's not Ocean Blue Caribbean restaurant where I felt right at home.
4	The food is outstanding.  Just delicious.  And there are a ton of vegan options (which is nice for me).  The food's actually so good that it makes up for the many, many problems the restaurant has: slow service, mixed up orders, sticky tables, slow water refills, poor air conditioning, etc. I suggest getting carry-out.  And even then, give them an extra 15-20 minutes on top of however long they say it will take.
2	:)
2	I have passed by this place for years and always promised myself I would give it a try sometime.  so last week having some free time I decided to have lunch there.I had the jerk chicken with rice and the plantains.  The chicken was tender and tasted ok but nothing to get excited over.  I enjoyed the rice with red beans,I wish they had a soda fountain as I do not like paying a buck fifty for a can of soda.   They did give me a little extra for free however.  About 2 hours after a dined, my stomach began to rumble and I spent the next 36 hours carving  a path between my bed and the bathroom.  Needles to say I am now ruined for Caribbean Spice and probably jerk chicken also.
1	Horrible Service. Felt unwelcome as soon as I came in. Their open sign was "on" but when I walked in the owner was using the restaurant as a meeting space for some type of large group. They were bugged I came in and told me I couldn't eat inside, and that i'd have to eat on the patio. Food isn't that good either. Rice and Meat were all extremely dry.
4	OH.  GOOD.  GOD.  Caribbean Spice is the jam!I had the pleasure of discovering this place while on a long walk down Baseline.  And  this cozy Caribbean gem did not disappoint.  The food can't be simply described with terms like "delicious" or "flavorful" or "foodariffic" or "scrumtrulescent."Every dish has a warmth that oozes with home-cooked love, it's evident in the delicious jerk chicken, the curry, the red bean rice, the plantains, and even the CABBAGE.  Never thought I would enjoy eating cabbage but here, it's spiced and juicy, so good!Note: the oxtail stew and goat curry sell out supremely quick!  As such, I've never gotten the chance to try them, but I can definitely recommend the chicken curry and of course, the jerk chicken.Grade: Insane in the plantain, insane in the brain!
5	I love it!   Yummy!!!!!   If you want some authentic amazing Guyanese and caribbean food, look no further!  The chicken roti is awesome!!!   The jerk chicken is amazing also!  I have been there many times and have loved it every time!  Wish they had dhal puri on their menu.  It's not fancy by any means, but it's  authentic Guyanese food!
4	I had the jerk chicken. My husband had the curry chicken. Both came with plantains, rice & beans and steamed cabbage. Both entrees were delicious and cost about  $10 each. The ginger beer was STRONG (but good once I added a few packets of sugar) and the pineapple tart for dessert was homemade, warm and delicious.The restaurant is located in a little shopping plaza so you have to exit the restaurant and walk a little ways to use the restroom shared by several businesses in the plaza. But it was VERY clean.We'd definitely go back here again.
5	Just ordered curry shrimp and oxtail stew, I come here all the time. The name of the restaurant changed but not the food. Excellent authentic Caribbean food. Made to order, nothing is frozen. All FRESH!! I love living near this place.
4	I had never had Caribbean food prior to this. I've had Caribbean flavored/spiced food, but never had some actual Caribbean cuisine. When my girlfriend an I arrived they were OUT of almost everything, BUT one dish. Skeptical we tried it, an both my girlfriend an I LOVED it. She's not big on spice( thinks hot Cheetos are hot!) but she was still eating through the spice. Me on the other hand I thought it was perfect. I still want to go and try some more dishes. The only somewhat bad thing is that A.its hot in the restaurant if you do decide to eat there and B. They run out of stuff, but that shows you that it's worth it.
4	Very good food. We had two jerk chickens and one oxtail stew. Everyone loved what they had. All had really good kick to it.  The jerk chicken had a taste that was different than others I've tried. I did realize after that none of us got plantains which I was looking forward to but oh well. Next time. Certainly a hole in the wall. You've got to be ready to roll with the punch there like many small Caribbean places I've learned. We were just glad they didn't run out of everything when we got there. Girls, if you go at night, try to use the restroom before you come. It's in a separate bldg that is a bit hidden/deep. I'm not one to be cautious but this one I would be. Bring someone with you.
5	The Jerk fish was awesome and you have to try the specialty drinks (they are non-alcoholic).  I will be back before my trip is over here!
5	I've never eaten Caribbean food in my life. I got the shrimp Roti as I only eat fish. The wait was long, I will say that, but totally worth it. The "flat bread" is the most delicious soft pastry/tortilla like bread I've ever had. I frequent Mediterranean food most and this "flat bread" was better than any fresh made pita I've ever had. The potatoes inside fell apart at the puncture of my fork. The shrimp was tasty and not over cooked what so ever. The onions and spices were prepared to perfection and the service was kind and attentive. The only downside from the wait is that this little nook is HOT on the inside. It was warmer in the restaurant than it was outside, which I see being a huge problem for the summer. To be honest, even if that place gets hot as hell I'd wait long again. So delicious!
2	Bad service. I felt uncomfortable, and there were no restrooms to wash up after eating jerk chicken off the bone.
5	Unusual for us to end up in this area, but we were and we were hungry.  I spotted this on Yelp, and noted generally good reviews.  So we drove over.When we entered the place looked kinda divey.  But the smells were good!   The host was friendly and helpful.  We almost went for a roti, but it's hard for me to judge a place based on a dish I've never had.  So we got a curry chicken and a jerk chicken.  Then we opted to sit at an outside table.  We also ordered a fruit smoothy (mango and banana, I think).  While I didn't order one, I noted several unique sodas were available too..The food was VERY good.  The curry was a yellow curry, and very nice.  It was mostly chicken and potatoes (I like carrots in my yellow curry also, but that's minor).  The jerk chicken was very well done.  Strong jerk flavor with just a bit of heat (note that my idea of "hot" is hotter than the average person, but I'm still a wimp compared to a Thai person).Both dishes were served with a rice/bean combo (i.e. not rice AND beans, but rice&beans).  It was very good too.The mango cheesecake was excellent.All in all, a great meal.  This isn't exactly waiter service.  You walk up to the counter and order the food, and they bring it to you (inside or outside).  I had no trouble with the service at all.  Next time we come here (and there probably will be a next time!) I think we'll try the roti.
5	Extremely authentic and delicious.  We had the jerk chicken and the chicken curry.  Spicy--but not overpowering.  Fresh ingredients.  Great, friendly service.  We'll definitely be back soon!
5	This place has is soo unique and the food is awesome. The inside has cool painting of the areas representing the food. From the inside you are tell this is a small shop, but those are usually the best. I had the Chicken Roti and it was soo good. It was chicken curry on bread and finished it all. My friend ordered the Jerk Chicken and that was perfect as well.
4	YUM YUM.  Was here on a LS deal twice!  Tried the curried goat, ox tails and the meat pies. ALL were incredible. I grew up eating Jamaican cuisine, so the food is very familiar to me. I am seeking a Caribbean place that serves Black Cake, which is a great experience to taste.  I make it myself, and it can be addictive.
5	If you know West Indian cuisine then you need to come here. Hands-down the best West Indian restaurant in the valley. And trust me I've tried them all. The only complaint I would have is every now and then when I come things and not in stock or available, but they also keep adding things to the menu like soy curry jerk and beans. Can't beat that in the valley.  And for my friend that is so fond of fresh carrot juice, they have fresh carrot/ginger juice on deck!
3	I saw the reviews and I felt that this was a place that I needed to try out. I do like myself some good jerked chicken from time, to time - I mean who doesn't? But it is clear that I didn't read the reviews well enough, or they left a few things out, and I will try to rectify this. - I expected more of a restaurant than a diner, with the simplicity of a Mexican lunch place. This is not necessarily a bad thing, just unexpected. The price does reflect the minimalistic decor and the very spartan wooing attempt. - Taking the chance of sounding like a pretentious ass, I ordered water and thought I'd get a water bottle and charged for such - but instead I got a cup of water free of charge which was nice. However, i usually don't drink tap water from places like diners. I just don't want to risk it. Here it came out in a plastic cup, on a tray with a straw on the tray. I reacted that the straw was not an individually wrapped straw, but a basic straw that just lounged around on the tray. The server picked it up and put it on the table. We all know how we wipe down tables, and I'd rather not put anything that been in direct contact with the table in my mouth. - I had the jerked chicken and got a plate of flavorful jerked chicken, a cup of rice and bean mix and some salad. The meal was nice and spicy. The chicken was full-on bone-in, something that doesn't bother me - but would been nice to know since that is usually not the way we expect it in these western parts. Again, the meal was good but oh-so frugal and without direct effort. The meal was good and frugal. Not too much food, and not overpriced. But I have a hard time seeing myself coming back here, due to the Mexican diner feel. It is just not my kind of place. And when I asked how long they had been here, I got the answer '5 years'. In five years this was the culmination of the efforts?! No, I feel not. I wish this establishment the best of luck, because I really like hard working struggling people that believe in what they do.. but they need to encompass a level of ambiance more than what they have. The austere feeling that fills this establishment is not conducive for their business model. Which is unfortunate.
2	Jerk chicken, plantains, whatever- it's a great selection of Caribbean food, which is a flavor we don't get much of around here. But man, I've been to cemeteries with more cheer than this place. I almost expect to see passed out drunk bums inside.
4	This place is good! If you're looking for something different and feel adventurous this is it.
5	BOMB! AUTHENTIC! THE REAL DEAL! If you're looking for a quick cheap trip to the Caribbean, there is NO WHERE better then this place! TRUST ME, I lived there! My mouth is watering just thinking about this place! YOU gotta go!
4	The food was great. I ordered the oxtail and it was very good. The only down side was the amount of oxtail was kinda on the small side. The rice and peas were authentic and the plantain was sweet. I also got some patties and they were great too. Overall, I would highly recommend this place. I will be going back very soon.
5	Really good authentic Jamaican food. Highly recommend you visit and give it a try. Definitely will be going back
4	Chicken roti curry was amazing. Fall of the bone tender, sweet potato chunks, and not spicy at all. Wash it down with a grapefruit soda. Only minus a star because it was very warm in the place.
4	Amazing food! Fresh, light, and spicy (if you're up for it).  Price point is great for what feels like an authentic Guyanese home-cooked meal.
5	I am in love with there pasta which the serving is definitely enough for two people. My favorite is the Jerk pasta for sure. My Husband always gets the jerk chicken with white rice and friend plantains. I always get the rum cake because I love sweets and it's quite tasty. I think the thing I like the most though is they deliver. Some times you really don't feel like going out or cooking so they are a life saver.
3	Caribbean Spice has some good bones and has the potential of being a real gem- after they've been nominated to Restaurant Impossible or Restaurant Takeover. I truly want to like this place more but I do have a few concerns like er....where are the restrooms? Generally speaking this place has a very ratty feel (no this is not representative of the Caribbean!!! ), and it would be nice if some more thought was put into the layout and decor. Since this is one of the very few caribbean places in the area that 1) isn't Jamaican and 2) offer roti on the menu, every time I've dined here I have had the roti  . Some days the flavor of the curry is spot on while other days it can be a little salty. The roti skin is tasty and soft although a little more on the doughy side than I would like. Takeaway:  If you eat here your experience may be a hit or it may be a miss. You just never know.
4	Well I'm happy I finally found a decent Caribbean spot in the valley.  When you're craving some roti/buss up shut it's a good place to go if you're not in he mood to make it yourself. The service is kind of slow so  if  you are on lunch, might not be the best place.... but the great thing is it's real cooked food!
3	After looking for a place to satisfy my taste for an authentic beef patty...this place is just average.   Being from NY and eating freshly prepared beef patties, I am admittedly a snob.  These patties from this Tempe based restaurant reminded me of the Tower Isle frozen brand.  The dough was extra thick, dry and tough to swallow.   However after peeling off several dough layers, I was able to salvage the rest and be reintroduced to the very tasty spicy beef filling.  I also had the jerk chicken platter.  The chicken legs were very good however the thigh was a little dry.  The accompanying fried plantains were very good and a sweet delight.  The red beans and rice was also very good.  Overall average food at an average price
5	This was such a wonderful Caribbean restaurant.  We had the jerk tofu, jerk soy chunks and the curry tofu.  It was all good but I loved the jerk soy chunks!  Now, it is not for the wimpy.  The jerk sauce was hot ... but very flavorful!! The owner was also very delightful!
3	Small family run restaurant from Guyana, South America. Today I had the shrimp curry plate and a beef pattie.  Curry plate came with plantains, warm slaw, rice and beans.  Not too spicy and very tasty.  Beef pattie was also good but a little bit spicier.I will definitely return!**** Look for their coupon on Restaurant.com****
3	My second time here and the curry goat is still amazing but because it's a family owned and operated restaurant, young kids take your order and the young girl who helped me needs to be trained better, no fault of her own though. To the owners, have her smile , repeat our order, tell me what my balance is and wear clothing thats represents your store. Just my opinion, take it for its worth.That's why I gave 3 stars. Still the best Caribbean food in AZ.
2	Because there aren't many Caribbean Restaurants on this side of town, I REALLY don't want to knock this place but I am truly disappointed after My GF had to pay $12.50+tax for what she thought was Oxtail Stew (ordered from the Menu visual) & got something totally different. I have had all kinds of Stews and stew usually is liquid & has vegetables, maybe potatoes (you know like Caribbean Spice image of stew on their Menu) but what we got instead was Oxtails, yes, but rice & beans & I don't know cabbage & carrots on the side. I took my GF here because she had a prior bad experience @ another Caribbean Restaurant getting some jerk chicken that smelled & tasted like fish. So, she was done with Caribbean Food. We came here thought it would make up for it. But we got home like WTH is going on? IDK, can't explain it. I called & spoke to the same man that told us the image was Oxtail stew. He told me that, that was the way they made stew there. IDK, can't explain it.They were nice, who cares about they English (Prior Yelper Review: - ITS NOT A ENGLAND/ENGLISH Restaurant. I just wish we would of gotten what we seen on the Menu & what we payed for. Soo mad right about now.. Lacked seasoning too..Even so tho, I would still say try Caribbean Spice just make sure you get what you asking for. It's located right at the Corner of a Shopping Center and parking is directly across from it. Caribbean feel setting.
3	Caribbean Spice is a Guyanese restaurant that serves up your traditional Caribbean cuisine.  Keep in mind this is not a Jamaican restaurant, which most people are traditionally used to so the flavors are going to be different.  Some of the dishes (I.e., roti) and spices are unique to the Guyanese culture.  This is no different than the subtle variations you'll find in each West Indian or Latin country/island.With that said, I think the food is good enough to satisfy a craving but won't blow you away. I tried the jerk chicken with rice and peas and it was OK.Also, the menu is fairly limited in my opinion.There aren't many options for Caribbean cuisine in Phoenix so its worth a try.
4	When I heard that there was a place serving vegan Caribbean food, I was so excited to check it out. Caribbean Spice did not disappoint.They have a menu board, with a "Vegan Corner," where they list the most popular vegan options, like Vegan Jerk Chicken and Vegan Curry Chicken. Other vegan options on the board included, Jerk Tofu, Veggie Curry, Curry Tofu, and Vegetable Roti.I spoke with one of the owners and she went over their vegan menu with me:They have Tofu or soy chicken (Beyond Meat) available as a vegan protein; you choose which.Vegan curry comes in a tofu or veggie option. The veggie curry is made with chickpeas and curry potatoes.Beans & rice are made with coconut milk; no butter, animal milk or broth involved.Cabbage and plantains are vegan.She said that they have a veggie patty that is vegan too. She added that they cook everything fresh, so even if you don't see something on the board, just ask for vegan.They do not have any vegan desserts at this time.  Per owner, they don't use animal milk (they use coconut milk), but they do use eggs in their cakes. I ordered the Vegan Jerk Chicken for $9.95, which comes with 2 sides: beans & rice, cabbage, or fried plantains. I  ordered the beans & rice and cabbage, but with a side of fried plantains (@ $3.50).  That jerk "chicken" was beyond amazing, and they gave me a huge heaping!  I spooned some of the jerk sauce onto my beans & rice and the result was heavenly; deliciously divine. The cabbage was nicely seasoned, but it had more of a crunchy consistency than to what I am accustomed. It was good, nonetheless. I left not one morsel on that plate. My plantains never came, but it was ok because I was too full to eat anything else anyway.  I simply asked for a refund, which I was given without hesitation. My DD, who's non-veg, ordered the regular Jerk Chicken plate, and she loved it. For drinks, they had ice tea, canned sodas (Coke products) and some bottled drinks, which appeared to be from fellow Caribbean nations.  They have a juice bar and smoothies as well.Order and pay at the counter; they'll bring the food to your table.  I particularly liked that they brought me a straw with my ice water, so I didn't have to ask.  I went for lunch and arrived around 11:30am. There was only 1 other table at that time, and they were already eating, so my food didn't take long to arrive. Don't expect typical American friendly service. They're nice in their own way, just not the friendly-bob, perky, smiley faces that some people like and want. Cozy little inside. One wall is hand-painted with pictures of South America and the Caribbean Sea. The owners are from Guyana, so their flag is proudly displayed. There was an air-suspended TV,  playing some reality show, which kept me entertained. I really like the outside, which has a wraparound porch with tables. I'd love to eat out there once the weather cools down. Shares a parking lot with neighboring businesses.  Their sign is visible from Baseline, so it was easy to find.Delicious vegan Caribbean food at a reasonable price. I'll definitely go back; I want to try the curry too!
1	I gave this place 1 star only because the food came out pretty quick. However it had no flavor the meat was tough and the potatoes were not cooked all the way.  I ordered the goat curry and I have had some pretty good goat curry in the past and this was NOT good.
4	Chciken curry with roti. The best I have tried for a while. If you can handle spice, ask them to make it spicy. It's definitely worth the money. Very flavorful. Jerk chicken is also good if you want some side of rice.
1	Roti fail! I was so happy to find a restaurant in Phoenix that serves Guyanese curry chicken and roti. I really wanted this place to be good but it was a disappointment all around. They screwed up my to go order and only prepared 1 roti when I asked for 3. After a long wait, I finally got my food and was looking forward to digging in. Unfortunately the roti was so greasy that it was inedible. Curry chicken was bland and the potato was undercooked. What a waste of $25. I won't be back.
3	The jerk chicken was very flavorful and delicious but we weren't able to get all the sides that were included with the dish because they stop making certain sides two hours before closing.
2	Never ever again. I ordered curry chicken with rice and peas and patty....the food lacked flavor. Im from brooklyn in crowns heights which has huge west indian community and has west indian restaurants all over...so i feel the food lacked authenticity and the beef patty was stale and the spanish guy in the back heated in the microwave. Also i tried to make light convo with a woman who.i presume was the owner and her friend who was watching television they were both cold.
3	The one thing you should know about this place is that you should definitely call in to order before you come in. The service took sooo long. My friend ordered a glass of water, and she didn't get it until our food had come out already. They made me a smoothie before bringing out the water?? It really shouldn't take that long to get someone a glass of water. In fact, arent glasses of water kind of a staple to any dining experience? Either way, my friend found it highly unprofessional despite the delicious food.I have nothing but praise for the food we got, though; jerk fish and fried plantains, and I highly recommend people to try it at least once, just make sure you call ahead so you dont have to wait too long.
3	I was in the mood to get something different so we checked out Yelp reviews to find this Caribbean restaurant. It's definitely a small place but it wasn't busy on the night we went so we put our order in right away. Me and my date both decided on the Jerk Chicken.We grabbed a table & 2 glasses of water were brought out to us right away; our food came out soon after. At first glance, each plate looked like a really big portion but after eating a few bites we came to realize that it really wasn't that big. The chicken is all served with bones so by the time we got through it, more than half was discarded. It was also a little irksome that the chicken was a bit cold by time it came out.As far as the taste goes, however, it was spot on. The chicken was really flavored well and the side of rice and beans was tasty as were the warm cabbage and plantains (and I don't even particularly like plantains).I'd say that for the flavors & all, we will be back. Was it a good deal? Well, no. Not particularly. Was it worth it? Yes, because it was something tasty and different.
4	We had their oxtail stew, jerk chicken, and curry chicken. Oxtail was average but tasty, jerk was dry (got it at the end of the night) and the curry chicken was VERY moist and perfect. Their plantains were the best I've ever had. She makes hers with a sugar glaze. VERY sweet.
4	Don't judge this book by its cover, the only complaint we had was they don't always have the pastry patties, homemade and delicious! Curries are good, jerk chicken is amazing.
