4	Lempira Restaurant on Eastway appears to be the sister to the one on South Blvd. I've passed it numerous time and have been curious; picked up a Restaurants.com gift certificate  and finally checked it out. It was a pleasant surprise and will be added to our rotation of the numerous Latin American places on Tryon.The menu is large and diverse; it features Honduran and other central American cuisine, along with Mexican and a few Peruvian specialties. Everything is colorfully illustrated; the vastness of the menu was almost overwhelming. The waitress brings out the ubiquitous chips and salsa which were just average; the salsa was kind of bland. And once you see how big the platters are, you wish you hadn't pigged out on the chips.We started with two pupusa's; one with chicken and cheese and the other with broccoli. They were cheesy, hot and delicious. The platter also contained pickled red onions, a vinegary cabbage salad and some of the same salsa that came with the chips. The salsa worked better with the pupusa's than with the chips. The plate was beautifully laid out. Forgot to take a picture because we ate them so quickly.Onto the main course;  these entrees are enormous! I can't remember the name of the dish I had, but it was on the Honduran page. For 9.99 I received an imposing amount of food. You can reference my second photo to see how much meat was on the platter, a mix of beef and pork with the skin on it, nicely seasoned. The center had some fresh salsa, cabbage salad with tomatoes on top and some more pickled onions. Finally there was boiled yucca and an empanada. There was plenty left for lunch the next day. My husband had a dish off the specialties section. It featured beef and french fries that were covered with a light vegetable gravy. Seems odd but tasted great. There was also a salad, black beans, plantains and rice. For 11.99 it was a gargantuan amount of food that he was unable to finish. Check out the photo to get an idea of how much food it contained. Both of the entrees were impressively plated on square dishes; these were some of the most attractive looking presentations that I've seen outside of a Japanese restaurant.Service was just ok. The waitress was very nice but we could have seen her more. They open at 8 am for breakfast; I'lll be trying that soon and will report back. Lempira is one of those unassuming places in kind of a grungy area of town that you may overlook;  but once you try you will return for the tasty food and excellent value.
5	Lempira is definitely a hidden gem on this side of town. The servers are all friendly, the menu is extensive and has something for everyone, and most importantly the food is always absolutely delicious. Everything is so fresh and flavorful & the prices are absurdly fair for the large portions provided.  Our faves are the tamales.
5	A hidden treasure. I was not sure what to expect walking in but am so glad we checked this place out!We tried several dishes; everything was delicious!
3	Maybe I ordered the wrong thing. The burrito was filled with Veg-All and the chili relleno was covered in too much cheese (and that's saying something). The staff was friendly, though, and the price was right on. They have a Honduran menu that looked interesting...maybe I'll give it a shot.
3	Very good beef soup with rice and chicken tamales Honduras style. The restaurant needs wait staff who are skilled as the orders were not correct and the waitress did not understand Spanish or English well when it comes to questions about the menu. Frustrating
5	Amazing food!!!! Great value. Fresh and delicious :) I highly recommend this restaurant. My fiance and I will be making this a regular spot.
4	Food is fantastic and prices are reasonable. Service was great. Great find.
3	The food is good and they do have a wide variety of options. I like their lunch specials and the fact that they are close to work. However, the service ranges from mediocre to horrible. They do acknowledge your there but they are not at all pleasant. One of the waitress is more polite than the others but will forget to serve you if a guy sits in her section. Maybe they don't think I'll tip because I'm a girl?
1	Food wasn't that great. I went there alone. Still they charged me 18% gratuity and about 30% tip. That's 50% in addition to the bill. I ended up paying 30$ for my lunch.
5	Excellent food, excellent service, very authentic when it comes to taste as well. Out of all the Latin American cuisines I have found in Charlotte this is one of the best hands down. They serve dishes from Mexico, Honduras and El Salvador. A must try if you are in the mood for Latin food. Breakfast, lunch or dinner! Prices are very reasonable as well.
