5	The Gladly doesn't officially open until this Saturday but they had a preview night for people (like myself) who work in the area.  Taking over in the spot that Ruth Chris used to occupy, I am looking forward to eating there often.  Of the small plates that they were serving, my favorites were the scallops and the duck.  Both were fantastic.  The one dish that I wasn't able to sample because it was grabbed almost as soon as it came out of the kitchen was the meatloaf.  Everyone that I talked to that tried it said it was the best dish that they tasted.  I also had the tuna and the chicken pate.  Both were good, but not great.  As for the drinks, I really enjoyed the Thai Margarita but once I tried their Manhattan, I was hooked.  It was by far the best Manhattan that I have ever had.  I also sampled the Salute, a gin and grapefruit drink, but didn't really care for it.  They had a number of other cocktails on the menu that they weren't serving that looked very good and I can't wait to go back and try a few.Lastly, the service was just as good, if not better, than the food or the drinks.  The staff was very friendly and even though it was the first time I had ever been there, or anyone for that matter, I left feeling like a regular.I can't wait for the official opening so that I can come back and try the meatloaf and some of the other cocktails on the menu.  Seeing as how I work next door, I have a feeling that this is going to be my new go to spot after work!
5	Tonight will be the official Grand Opening!  Good luck to The Gladly!  I was able to attend preview night and it was wonderful.  The staff was so friendly from the moment we walked in.  Thank you Tim, Aaron Amy, Nate and Nick and the rest of the team for a wonderful evening.  The atmosphere has a great vibe.  We were pleased to sample all of the offerings of food and drink.  Loved the Thai Margarita.  Tried octopus for the first time and I must say it was delicious.  The wings and scallops were amazing.  We will be regulars!
5	While we aren't parents of anything two legged (our two cats definitely qualify as in need of parental guidance but as any cat companion...no..you are NOT an owner...knows,  cats pretty much listen to the beat of their own drummer), we are thrilled when one of "our own" takes a leap into new territory and breaks new ground.We could not be prouder than we are of The Gladly...the extension of the heart and soul of Bernie, Richie, and Andrew that opened (to the public) tonight. The place is amazingly urban but comfortable, the service was as if they had been in place for years, and the food was all Bernie.  Gladly is NOT Citizen Public House West....there are reminders and some duplication of the good kind....but mostly the food has different spins and twists. Having never broken the addiction to the original chopped salad, Peg and I split it.  She had the VIETNAMESE PEPPER SHRIMP tomato, sticky rice cake while I tried the PISTACHIO CHICKEN LIVER PATE toast, mustard, pickled onion, capers. Incredible. Sweet succulent shrimp with a wonderfully paired peppery goodness and tomato sweetness...and a pate which required more toast than a human really needs to eat in one sitting and just stupidly good.  Peg had the CHILLED ISOT CHILE TUNA* jicama pineapple pico de gallo, tamarind glaze, micro cilantro which was spot (not prawn) on, and I had the COFFEE CHARRED SHORT RIBS caramelized Gorgonzola barley, blueberry cumin compote,  Several excellent restaurants have excellent short ribs...but these had incredible balances between sweet and salty components and fall off the bone tenderness. While not typically dessert eaters, I decided to box probably half of the ribs (read  lunch of the OMG variety) and tried the PEACH CORNMEAL COBBLER fresh cream.  Very very good.Our server was Tim and he was excellent...as were the other wait staff who were feeding my water addiction. It was such a joy to see the triumvirate of owners in addition to meeting Robin and Tim (yes, another one) who kept the place humming.Although this is so obvious to be silly....Peg and I will return.....yeah yeah..ok  ok....Gladly!  BTW...our thoughts are with the soon to be new addition..as in baby girl variety....yeah GIna!!Dr. B
4	A welcomed 360 experience, the Gladly staff, owners & chefs should be basking in the afterglow of a successful grand opening last night. Not having made reservations, my date and I were still warmly received and quickly accommodated by the hostess, even though, upon first entry, it appeared evident that chancing this could have upset their well-prepared flow of anticipated patrons. Our waiter, Tim, showed genuine interest in our overall dining experience - taking the time on a busy grand opening night to give detailed & enticing recommendations, politely "interrupting" our conversations to "check in" (impeccable timing - ha!), and stepping in to make sure our smoked salmon salad was mixed "just so" - he alone would be a good reason to return. Now, getting down to the purpose of our visit: sustenance. All plate presentations were nicely done. Our first course, the smoked salmon salad, turned out to be the highlight for me - a featured dish not listed on the menu, I can only hope to enjoy it again one day. It was a textured, colorful party for my taste buds (perhaps Tim's expert salad-tossing skills played a role in this? - ha!). The lamb riblets, chilled isot chile tuna & coffee charred short ribs were all unique blends of herbs & marinades, prepared near perfection. But I must say, the refreshing Moe'scow Mule (American Harvest organic spirit, Fever-Tree ginger beer, cucumber, lime, rocks) proved to be the perfect compliment. This beverage alone may just be the key ingredient for a future happy hour. Well done, Gladly staff, management & owners. I wish you much success.
2	Not overly impressed. Restaurant forces you to valet for $5, food was decent but nothing amazing for the pricing. The Buttermilk Chicken, the chicken was dry and bland although the fingerling potatoes were pretty damn good. Meatloaf was dry and the rage sauce lacked the mushrooms it was supposed to have, the wild rice was way overcooked. Don't waste your time and stick to Citizens if you want a meal from this restaurant group.
5	My wife and I went there last weekend before a movie and we were quite impressed!  Katt was our server and was very attentive and knowledgeable on their menu.  We enjoyed the cheese fondue and the scallops which were superb!  We will definitely be back!
4	Came in on a Saturday night.  The new restaurant makes you forget that it was ever a Ruth's Chris.  The staff was kind and when we complained about the cold, they adjusted the temperature and checked in on us.  The place is spendy, and you will spend more than at CPH.  The cocktails are about 12-14 and listed more Absinthe and Pernod than I had seen in a while.  The Manhatten while served in a martini glass (so that it looks itty bitty) has enough alcohol in it to fell a buffalo.The appetizers include riblets and a wonderful avocado filled with goat cheese and roasted garlic.  Not something I see everywhere and delicious.  Had the octopus salad (which was good but not memorable, mostly octopus, grapefruit, mizuna and fennel bulb) and the classic chop which you can get at CPH and Cowboy Ciao.  But that salad is so good I find myself trying not to eat directly from the shared bowl.  The filet, scallops and ribs were all a hit.  The one miss was the meatloaf.  Was expecting it to be really homely and comforting, but found that one a bit dry.  Overall, will be coming back.  It's nice to have another fun restaurant option on the C.Corridor.  Going to get dessert next time too, but was too full!
5	Met friends for Happy Hour here. Love this place. Appetizers that we shared were delicious. The Buttermilk Chicken Breast  and potatoes entree was perfect. I did sample the Pork Loin -- Wow!!! Yes, this place is another fave. Cheers***
5	I am so excited The Gladly opened in our hood. The actual location isn't super--although we did walk there from the bar at Del Frisco's-  it feels a little like you're in a corporate-y building, but once you walk into the restaurant you forget about all that. Our server, Aaron, was awesome! Really friendly and gave us guidance when we asked for it. We had the pork belly starter which was delicious and way less fatty than some I've had before. We then had the chopped salad. I get it-- the salad has a facebook page its so famous, but I didn't think it would be worth talking about. I mean, it's a salad. Well it proved me wrong. To die for. So good. I wouldn't be surprised if I'm drawn in to The Gladly for lunch to have that bad boy.For entrees-- we tried the tuna, chicken and short ribs. All of which had interesting spices and flavor profiles-- all memorable. The short ribs were out of this world. As was the brussel sprout side dish.Drinks- about half of our bill was on drinks, but that's likely because we splurged on a nice bottle of red with our meal, which Aaron helped us decide on. My mom and I had the Kim Crawford Sauvignon Blanc during our apps/salad and the hubs had a spicy marg which was really good. Can't wait to go back. Definitely a repeat kinda place.
4	So we went for Arizona Restaurant Week and you should know, the appetizer and dessert are half portions.  The entrees seem to be full though.The chopped salad is awesome.  I love it at CPH and its the same here.  My friend had the tomato bisque which is fine - just reminds me of Chef Boyardi ravioli sauce minus the little bits of "meat".The chicken dish is awesome.  Its a bit small, and spicy but the potatoes definitely even it out.  I would definitely go back to have some more of that.  The meatloaf wasn't as impressive but its a solid and savory offering.  Definitely don't need ketchup.  :)The peach cobbler had some grainy powder on it that I didn't care for.  Maybe they should've gone more for doughy crumbles versus the weird dry powdery crumble.  The creme fraiche had no flavor.  The bread pudding was much better.  Way better than a lot of other attempts that I have had.I was sad to see Ruth Chris go, but was impressed with the redesign.  They might want to help visitors with the south entrance though, its a little disconcerting to walk through a glass door that almost looks like it should be locked and the place isn't open.  That leads down some stairs and leads you to a hallway with restrooms and a bar.  The hostess on the other side of the room so she doesn't see you when you walk in..  I kind of wonder if people are really walking in off Camelback?Anyway, my rating would really be 3.5 but will round up for great service and nice atmosphere.
2	A tad bit disappointing... My newest pet peeve is waiting for a table when I have reservations. A recent occurrence happened this weekend when I showed up five minutes early for my 830pm reservations and was finally seated at a table at 850pm. The accommodating hostess did present us with two glasses of rose, but when we sat down, we realized we weren't that special because everyone else around us were also served complimentary rose... The meal was off to a decent start with the lamb riblettes and paprika cured pork belly. The glaze on the riblettes was slightly sweeter than my palette likes, but the flavor on the lamb was really wonderful. I was surprisingly pleased with the pork belly. I have gotten to the point where I swore off pork belly for so long because no one knew how to 'wow' with it. A fatty piece of pork can do well on its own, but I like to think the kitchen tried, and the staff here did an awesome job. I had also never had sarga turo, and really enjoyed it with the pork belly and golden beets. We were again slightly disappointed when a new couple sat next to us and was advised of a drink and entree special for the night that our server neglected to tell us.The most disappointing part of the meal was the main course. We both ordered fish for our main since we had red meat for our appetizers. The yellowtail looked very dry as it was sat on the table, and its texture was the same. The chilled tuna was slightly better, but unimpressive.  My date later pointed out that the yellowtail served to our neighboring table was both cooked and plated much better. I feel like this place has a lot of potential, but definitely has more room for improvement. I may give it another go, but I'd have to be convinced it can be done better next time.
1	Have been hearing about this new place opening up and decided to go try it out. Was told to make reservations or I'd be waiting for a table quite a while. So i did! Got there and was seated right away. Once there we were brought water (which warmed quite quickly as it was left on the table in a bottle). It was happy hour so we decided to order drinks and an appetizer (Fondue). It was awful... The cheese was cold and lumpy and the bead was burnt, pears had pieces of seeds in them that we had to pick out. Then after waiting another 25 minutes our order for dinner was taken, Our salad arrived (the Original Chopped Salad) which was the highlight of the night. It Was AMAZING! We then waited another 35 minutes for our dinner to finally arrive. What was laid before us was astonishing. It looked like 2 very small appetizers. I couldn't believe it. Then came the desert, It was tasteless and bland (peach cobbler/bread pudding). I was in SHOCK! So then we waited another 20 Minutes for the check, looked at it and nothing was priced as being advertised for the Happy Hour. Will NEVER return, check you receipt for price raising and avoid appetizers, main dishes and desserts. And bring ear-plugs as it is quite noisy too!
5	I am gladly giving five stars for Chef Bernie Kantak's brand new restaurant located on the Camelback Corridor in the old Ruth's Chris location... I don't get out quite as often as I used to now that I have two little ones at home, so when I do get out, I like to try new places.  Such was the case this past Sunday when my mother-in-law offered to babysit so we could have a date night of sorts.Jared and I ended up at The Gladly for a very memorable meal.  Since it was a spontaneous date, we arrived here without realizing that it was Arizona Restaurant Week, but that being said, we received even more bang for our buck!  We were super impressed with the remodel of the restaurant... it's got a great modern atmosphere with a fabulous looking bar, an elevated semi-private dining room and a more secluded banquet room in the works.  There will also be patio seating we were told.Nathan was our server and he was friendly and attentive, as was the rest of the staff.  But the food was what really shined for us... Be forewarned, what comes next in this review is A WHOLE LOT of food.  We ate most of it too!  Chef Bernie told us that "people go bananas for the pate," and he was right... we dug in so quickly when it arrived to our table, that I forgot to snap a picture, but the presentation was beautiful.  It's served with toast, pickled onions, mustard and capers and the pate itself is in a small mason jar.  Next up, we had an order of the lamb riblettes.  I think these were the highlight for me... seriously amazing.  I'm still thinking about them several days later!  For our salad course, Jared went with the famous "Original Chopped Salad," and I decided to mix it up and try the Roasted Cauliflower Caesar.  I believe both were smaller portions for the restaurant week menu, but they were still plenty big for us and we were happy with our respective choices - both fresh and tasty.  By this point, I was pretty full, but I made room for the additional side we ordered of brussels sprouts and grits.  Mmmmm!  My entree was the only thing that wasn't amazing.  I had the yellowtail and it was overcooked.  I probably would have sent it back, but I was too stuffed by this point.  Jared had the scallop entree and cleaned his plate!  Dessert offerings on the restaurant week menu were peach cornmeal cobbler and buttermilk bread pudding.  We ordered one of each and ended on a sweet note.Just like sister restaurant Citizen Public House, Chef Bernie partnered with Andrew and Richie on The Gladly, and it appears they've done it again... another fabulous restaurant has been added to the Valley dining scene.  We can't wait to return.  I suggest you go as well; you'll be GLAD you did!
4	Pretty good. The pepper shrimp are quite delicious. Have to go back more and maybe I will upgrade to 5 stars.
4	We decided to got to The Gladly for restaurant week. I'm so glad we did! My boyfriend wasn't sure if he wanted to select off of the menu for restaurant week but after looking at it, it was a no brainer! We both decided to start with The Original Chopped Salad (same as Cowboy Ciao), how can you go wrong with this salad!? AMAZING. Then he had the Buttermilk Chicken Breast and I had the Pan Seared Scallops. The chicken had such great strong flavors that worked really well with each other and the scallops were the best I've ever eaten! The desserts they had to choose from were the Peach Cornmeal Cobbler and the Buttermilk Bread Pudding. Since there were two to choose from and two of us this was a no brainer and do one of each and share. Both were very good, but I did enjoy the Buttermilk Bread Pudding a tad more. I highly suggest stopping in and doing a dinner date night!
5	I am so GLAD to have gone to Gladly, having gone from other positive Yelper reviews.  The place had an open contemporary open feel.  Staying at the bar for Happy Hour was a nice way to enjoy all the goodies during Happy Hour.  The Happy Hour fare were well portioned and not skimpy plates.  The hibiscus drink was so good- not too sweet, just enough vodka and good for a second round.  We had a pretty good mix of different variety of foods, all of which were impeccably prepared, even down to the last green olive in the roasted vegetable platter.  I never eat pate, but decided to give the chicken spread a try which was a smooth combo with the homemade mustard, capers and bits of procuitto.  Who thought brussell sprouts on top of grits could taste that good?  They paid attention to how it the food was cooked, grilled or roasted, and the cooks brought out the natural flavor of each dish with minimal sauces and complimentary oil and spices to the highest level of attention.  This is on our list of places to return too.
5	My sister and I ate dinner here for the first time last night and were completely impressed in every aspect! We were immediately greeted by cordial staff and didn't have to wait very long to be seated (although we did have a reservation). Our server was Shane, a guy who is clearly a baller. He was sweet, funny and answered all of my asinine questions about the myriad of items I didn't recognize on the menu. He happily recommended we get this cray cray drink that had ROCK CANDY in it. Like a stick of rock candy. It was fucking adorable! Naturally I took several pictures of this drink like a badass nerd. I would post it on here, but I am super lazy. Anyway, we ended up ordering the duck ramen soup and the blue cheese steak salad with a side of fries for our meals. It all came out pretty quickly, which was good, because those rock candy dranks were quite strong and I needed food in my belly. The duck ramen soup was amazing! It was spicy, flavorful, and made me feel like a warm toasty marshmallow. I loved it. My sister's salad was also really bomb. Hey, did you know they make their own ketchup? Well now you do. You can tell too, it tastes amazing! We finished off our meals with the ice cream cones. You get 2 little ones that are perfect for sharing. We got the bourbon cherry ice cream with dried cherries on the side. Not surprisingly, it too tasted great. Everything was moderately priced and I felt the portion sizes were proportionate to the cost. Overall, it was a really great evening. Everyone was super upbeat and friendly and the vibe of the place is very chill. Not too staunch, not too laid back, just right. Well done, friends.Oh and the music? Whoever is selecting that, I love you. Is that awkward? Please play more Wagon Christ. :) It makes me click my heels together in mid-air.
4	Go to Gladly! We went last night with a party of 6 and tried many of the innovated and delicious dishes. Best appetizer - brussels sprout over creamy delicious grits (yum). Also enjoyed the chicken pate. Note- the shrimp was good but is large enough to be an entree. Best entree - chilled tuna (perfection) with jicama and pineapple. Coffee crusted shortribs are yum but a small warning, they are seriously rich. The scallops showcased from sister restaurant Citizen are just as delicious both places. Our drinks were all delicious. Recommend the Thai margarita, the manhattan and the house draft negroni. Just the be balanced we should mention 2 things. 1- the noise level is extreme and we had to yell just to hear people at our own table. 2- we called to say we would be 10 minutes late and they said they had our table booked again 75 minutes after our reservation. I don't think so! I promptly told them there was no way we would be done that quickly and weren't in the mood to be rushed. Needless to say, once we were there we weren't rushed and the service was excellent. We will go again and next time save room for dessert! Ice cream cones I read about in other reviews sound delightful and creative. The menu doesn't really say- just says ice cream cone. Next time I'm in!
3	I had high expectations for The Gladly but was a little disappointed.  I went there last week for Happy Hour to meet a girlfriend of mine.  I was greeted right away by the hostess and told her I was just going to have a seat at the bar.  The bar is a very large wrap around area and there were at least 3 or 4 bartenders.  I was again greeted right away by a bartender and received my glass of wine.  The wine list is very long but if you are a Chardonnay drinker, there are only 3 selections by the glass which I found to be a little disappointing.  My friend arrived and she received her glass of wine right away.  That is when all the service stopped.  She finished her glass first and finally got a second one upon asking.  When I finished mine, the bartenders walked by too many times to not ask if I'd like to have another.  It's not that they couldn't have seen that it was empty, especially when they are standing in front of you, talking to other guests or washing glasses and setting out clean ones.  I finally had to motion to get his attention and request another glass of wine.We were planning on getting appetizers but were never given the opportunity to do this.  We had menus in front of us but they disappeared during our first glass of wine, never to appear again and we were never asked if we wanted anything to eat.  Now, I cannot comment on the quality of the food but all the food that everyone around us had looked great and the gentleman next to me said that his Pigstrami was fantastic.  Sadly, I didn't get a chance to even order anything.After we were totally ignored we finished our glasses, leaving with amazement that were actually treated that way.I may try them again because I like to give second chances and I'd like to try the food.   Hopefully this was a off night for all the bartenders behind the bar but I'm just not so sure.
4	Had an excellent lunch here last Friday.  I was supposed to meet here and couldn't think of where it was.  It's the old Ruths Chris steakhouse location.They have updated the inside and it is open and airy for lunch.  The food was awesome.  I had the steak salad which was really good.  2 others had their chopped salad and both loved it.  Another had the fish tacos and was delighted with the recommendation.  The servers were all attentive and really made sure we were taken care of.  I will definitely be going back in the future.  I would like to try their dinner menu and wine list.I'll let you know...
5	My husband and I celebrated our 17th anniversary here! We loved the atmosphere and the service is awesome! We are raving fans of Citizens Public House so knowing that they own Gladly, it was a must try! If you work in the area, check out the Happy Hour! Fun place to hang out and great bites not to mention very cool cocktails! The only thing I like better at Citizens is that is not as quite and my favorite bartender isn't there! Lol! Definite got to go!
5	I am so pleased with The Gladly! I'm a big fan of its sister restaurant, Citizen Public House, and The Gladly didn't disappoint either. We came in for restaurant week, fortunately I had made a reservation, so despite being totally full, our party of 6 was seated right away! Great service! As for food, they have a few dish repeats from Citizen, but over all I think the menu was even more varied. I had the seared Tuna, which was delicious! I had ordered it rare, but it came out medium. No biggie, at least it wasn't over cooked, but that may have been the only fault of the night. The garbanzo cake the fish came with was incredible! So much flavor!!! With only a bit of spicy kick. I'm really glad they have the famous chopped salad from Citizen, so of course that didn't fail to please! They were also very accommodating to my dairy allergy needs. The actual restaurant is very hip, inside I actually felt like was transported to a chic restaurant in New York........ fabulous!!!! I can't wait for my next dinning experience at The Gladly.
5	Clearly they have done it again. I am an avid fan of the Citizen Public House and The Gladly is a beautiful addition to the Biltmore Corridor. I could go on and on about the food and the service, but you will experience this for yourself when you get there. Tim and Aaron truly made this experience an unforgettable first visit. The food was nothing short of spectacular and the drinks were top notch. Simply put, this dinner made me want to loose my manners.
4	Let's start with the place. Beautiful. Open, comfortable. The bar is also great. I was waiting at the bar and saw a lot of people having fondue, very elaborated hand crafted cocktails and having a great time.When my party arrived we tried several dishes. All of them really good. I was hoping to try the pork belly but nobody voted for that. I'll be back soon to try it, the fondue and the "super yummy nuts".The chopped salad was very good and very unique in flavor and texture.The duck ramen was tasteful and with a final spicy kick. Just be aware, it's a large serving. The wild fiji tuna was also very good.The balsamic meatloaf was original and tasteful but again, be aware, the serving is very large. I would order it without the rice or it would be good a creamy grana padano risotto, but that's just my preference.My favorite dish was the tomato soup. Hands down.Bread pudding was tasteful and the smoke tea chocolate pot the creme was pretty unique. I liked it but if you don't like smoky tastes, this is not for you. A great addition to the neighborhood.Cheers
4	Really happy the Gladly is now open for lunch! It is nice to have a version of Citizen opened on the other end of Camelback.Their menu is very different than Public House, but they keep the same ideas and of course they kept the classic chop salad, which is my all time favorite. The food here is really good - I have yet to try some of the interesting dishes on the menu, but can't wait!
5	We were pleasantly surprised by the ease of parking, beautiful ambience and the food was delicious.  I say its a five star because the price was very reasonable for the quality of the dishes.
5	The Gladly - this is it, my favorite new spot. This restaurant hits on so many different cylinders it's ridiculous. First and foremost, I love myself some Citizen Public House. Now with The Gladly being around, it's a conflict on which of the two we should visit when it's up for discussion.The ambiance inside of The Gladly differs from CPH which is nice, with large glass windows that give it a more elegant vibe - I would argue that CPH is slightly more intimate. Pick your poison, folks. Intimate or elegant - either way it's amazing. The bar flows similarly as well with the large square seating arrangement - but the whiskey selection at The Gladly is incredible and takes things to the next level. Cocktails are above just about every other restaurant in the area as far as quality, taste, and creativity in my opinion - well done Richie Moe and staff.Menu selections differ nicely from the Public House offerings but still keep to that inventive, yet classic comfort style of cuisine that I've come to love and appreciate from the sister restaurant. I cannot recommend The Gladly highly enough. Great cocktails, great food, and great service. Bing, bang, boom - it's all you need.
4	Great new addition to the Biltmore area!  I knew it had to be good when I heard it was the same group that did Citizen Public House!Amazing service, great decor/atmosphere, lively crowd, and delicious food.  We started with the roasted brussel sprouts over grits - truly amazing...bursting with flavor and the grits were ridiculously creamy.I enjoyed the chicken...moist and amazingly flavorful - only wish it was served with a veggie too!My husband tried the meatloaf and was pleased with his choice...not amazing, but solid.Looking forward to coming back for happy hour at the bar sometime to enjoy one of the martinis that looked so good!
5	I have only multiYelped a restaurant on a few occasions, and when I do, it is because it continues to excel in the areas of most importance....service, food, and attitude of the place. Peg and I visited the Gladly tonight. I have showed remarkable restraint because we have been several times between the maiden Yelp and this one....but I just felt compelled to redux it. THe usual incredible pistachio and chicken liver pate and chopped salad are always on the order as appetizers, starters, whatever/whenever. The octopus salad was a wonderful treat and imminently splitable. Can't go wrong, wonderful, end of story. Tonight Peg had the Vietnamese shrimp which was so flavorful and spicy and sooo on point. I had  a pork chop on top of a lovely cloud of hominy mash/grits and served with a green chili verde.  It elevated the other white meat to an-other level of taste.  Chef Bernie created a white chocolate &  goat cheese cake with  lemon citrus sorbet topped with  cardamom and orange and a fig jam that was incredible. Don't ever be afraid to smell (or taste) what he has put together. Incredible combination!  We had a very skilled and personable server, Kat, who took us through the meal with poise and a wonderful personality. It is always a pleasure to go to this place and explore the new creations.  If you haven't been,,,a strong recommendation to check it out!   Dr. B
5	New in Phoenix. Don't miss this one It was good from the beginning.  Sat down immediately, great waiter in Nathan. He made some interesting recommendations including their signature salad. We had tuna and the pork chop. Both were exceptional. The restaurant has a great aesthetic.  Bar area is nicely appointed. Did not disappoint. A must try experience.
5	Great place to try new drinks and if you scotch lover prepare to get impressed!!
5	Wow, what a phenomenal dining experience.  I went here with some friends for a going away dinner, as it was on my list to try before fleeing the desert.  Tim, our server, gave superb service, going above and beyond what I ever could have expected.  Even Richie Moe himself came over to our table to demonstrate making an ice ball for whiskey.  PS, you should totally get the ice ball, they have this contraption that makes a crystal clear ball of ice for your whiskey, right at your table.  The service alone really deserves 5 stars, but then the food!  Fantastic.  My fiance and I  started with the fondue, then we had the short ribs and a burger.  We finished with the goat cheesecake, which was amazing.  The rest of our party loved their food as well, and  I sampled quite a few of people's cocktails and desserts - they were all fantastic. Speaking of cocktails, this is the place.  I have been wanting to try a negroni for awhile, but I was afraid to try one that might be less than stellar.  I knew this was the place to try one, as they actually have them on tap!  My fiance tried a Manhattan for the first time, and he loved it.  Really, all of the cocktails are  awesome.  This is a rare find in Phoenix, I highly recommend it.
2	This place was extremely disappointing. The chopped salad was the only good thing.. Everything else had a similar "smoked" flavor that wasn't good. Don't get the olives, tomato soup, mixed nuts, etc.Maybe it needs a little more time to get the kitchen up to par but this was no where near as good as citizen public house and I hear they are the same owners.
5	As a life long avoider of Brussels sprouts you can imagine my surprise when I found myself outrightly embarrassing myself on a first date DEVOURING them (happy hour menu even). Though admittedly they didn't hold near the charm of the drink menu or the staff. The bartender was an exceptional wingman.. The bow street a great conversation piece, and combined I'm not sure why I'd go anywhere else. Here's to hoping the hipsters and the scene kids don't hear about this place :)
4	i went here with a couple of girlfriends for a 'girls night' dinner. solid place for a date night dinner. the ambiance is loungy and relaxing, lowly lit, and comfy. it is also the kind of place that you take someone that you want to impress but not have to drop too much cash like you would at other "new american" restaurants in the area. i liked the entree options (ribs, scallops, tuna, and quite a few pork dishes) and also was intrigued by the cocktail selection. looks like they have a lot of unique cocktails that would be great to try. i had the tuna and it was prepared perfectly medium rare. i loved the avocado tzatziki that came with it. it was light and airy but had a lot of flavor. i only wish there was more of it on the plate.i think the service was the only less than stellar thing at this place. while our waiter was nice, he wasn't really all that attentive and only came back once to refill drinks/take drink orders. we also wanted to check out dessert but unfortunately he forgot to bring the dessert menu and just brought us our check.it was busy even on a Monday so i would definitely get reservations if you'd like to check this place out. i may be back for a little happy hour cocktail exploration but not too sure about a full dining experience again.
5	Our first time here. Looks rather slow but got busier. We just finished dinner and it was first class . To start they offer the most extensive list of whiskey and bourbon I have seen in the valley . The chimmichuri chicken was one of a kind! Loved it.
4	A great new addition to the Biltmore area.  Very comfortable spot, a relaxed, casual atmosphere.  Excellent food!  Try the Brussel sprouts, and the smoked olives.  And do not miss the chopped salad.  I will be back.
2	I had the roast pork and it wasn't very good and not at all what I expected.  The pork was two small thin steaks and was super fatty.  It had a smokey flavor that I didn't care for.  The mashed potatoes had a similar smokey flavor that I didn't like.  The carrots were good. I was expecting more of a tender fall off the bone braised pork roast.  The service was ok and I liked the atmosphere.
5	Love this restaurant! I get lunch here a couple times a month and wish I had time to get back down there for dinner! The Pigstrami is by far my favorite sandwich.....EVER!
3	The good and the bad about The Gladly.The Gladly is a very stylish and upscale restaurant in a prime location in the Biltmore Area. It occupies the building of an old Ruth Chris location and the menu ambiance and design do a good job of replacing what once existed in its place..My Experience: tonight I was seated precisely at 8:15 PM, I wanted a cocktail and was waiting for Someone to take our drink order, by 8:33 (almost 20 mins later) I had to call someone to find our server. This person apologized, took our drink order and comped our drinks. Apparently someone had neglected to notify our server that we were there. Bad start. Once our server got to us, he took control of things and took our order for dinner.Per our servers recommendation I ordered the Wagyu burger and it was outstanding. It was cooked to medium perfectly as I requested and the Wagyu beef was Very tender and very flavorful. 5/5 for the burger. My friend had the original chopped salad, I tasted that and it too was excellent.  When it came time to order desert I asked if the apple tart was served warm, and our server advised that it was. When the tart came out it was as cold as anything that just came out of a refrigerator.  So they made another one, same thing, ice cold. Obviously their method of warming up a pre made refrigerated desert doesn't work well, so they replaced that with the bread pudding. The bread pudding was top notch. I enjoyed every bite of that and would order it again if I came back. My friend had the Chocolate Pot de creame and we both agreed that was mediocre at best. All in all the food was good, a couple missteps but still good. The service started off bad but Phillip turned that around so I'm giving them 3 stars. I think I'm going to re visit for lunch or happy hour and the rating could increase if some of the issues I had today are corrected by my next visit.
4	My husband and I had a very good dinner here on 12/19/13 to celebrate our anniversary.  We started with The Original Chopped Salad from Cowboy Ciao which is perfection.  I had the scallops which were incredible and he had the duck meatloaf, which was delicious!  Also, the cocktails were terrific and had a great presentation.  The vibe is good, albeit more casual that I anticipated.  The entrance is a little funky and confusing but once you're in, the dining experience is great.
5	I typically don't do reviews but I felt compelled to express my gratitude for a great evening with my family at the Gladly.  The Gladly provided the best service and food for our whole family.  Upon first impression, I was concerned that the Gladly would be tough to accommodate for my four year old son.  I couldn't have had a worse assumption.  During the course of our meal they presented three different entree options for my son.  It was apparent that they wanted to make sure that his food was as pleasing as the adults.  The cocktail list was top-notch and all of the entrees were impeccably prepared.  I would definitely go back on a date with the wife and would look forward to another dinner with the whole family.  The staff went ABOVE and BEYOND to make my son feel welcome and taken care of for the evening.  Big kudos should go to Kat our waitress and Sarah our hostess.
3	We dined at the Gladly lastnight. Excited to try something, "NEW" from this already trusted restaurant group I have to say we were pretty disappointed.I'll start by saying that the ambiance was great. Not too loud, just the right amount of hustle an bustle you expect from a trendy new place. We started at the bar for a cocktail after the hostess who was very polite and courteous let us know it would be about 10 minutes. The bartender was very personable and was smiling and helpful with questions regarding a couple cocktails I was interested in. I ordered the Farmers Punch and it was exceptional, well shaken and balanced. We also had the Sazerac and it too was very good.The hostess approached shortly after we got our drinks and indicated which table she would be taking us to and asked if that was ok which it was.After we were seated we were greeted by Tim who was great! Very professional and clearly good at his job as well as with people. The not so great part of the night was the menu. We were sad to see that the menu was virtually the same as CPH. Same proteins with the prep and platings switched up does not a new menu make.We started with the Mac & Cheese as it's one of my faves from CPH and we also had the Ahi Tuna which was a different menu item that we loved, great flavor combinations and so unexpected, Kudos on this one Chef. I ordered the chicken breast as it was a different preparation but when it came to the table it was overcooked and dry. Tim immediately took care of it and I ordered thed crab cakes instead, did not like the GF prep on these the millet gives a not so great aftertaste. My date had the coffee charred short ribs and they were good but not outstanding, again better at CPH.  The new and different items just didn't stand out among the rest of the familiar menu.  In essence the menu and flavor profiiles did not take me to a NEW restaurant. I truly feel this is just CPH Biltmore and we live much closer to CPH so we will save the drive.
5	Loved it! My friends and I met for happy hour on a Friday. We stayed for 4 hours. Service was great, food was better and wine exceptional.If you love red wine, the Los Dos is my new favorite. The brussel sprouts were perfect.I will definitely be back!
4	I can say two things about The Gladly:1) I detest the name, "The Gladly".  It's grammatically incorrect, there is no such thing as "the gladly", and just because you rent a space on Camelback doesn't make it ok.  "Irregardless", according to Oxford, is now a word.  Not to me.2) the BLUE CHEESE STEAK SALAD...is so good, I'm willing to ignore the grammatical error in the restaurant name.The menu says: "baby kale & field greens, Point Reyes blue dressing, bourbon soaked cherries, sweet potato chips {gf}$16".  The amount of steak you receive is generous...and delicious!Nice bartender, prompt, efficient, I'll go back.  Nice job.
4	Went on NYE! Richie runs a great place. Service was  a little slower than had hoped for , but great food! Solid drinks, great portions sizes, great flavors! Will be back!
4	I was a little cynical about going to the establishment that replaced my best friends beloved Ruths Chris for which I have heard belly aching about since Ruths closed this location. However I was pleasantly surprised by my dining experience there last week and have added it to my list of places that I would be thrilled to go any time I get the opportunity.  I will try lunch at some point, but for dining, this was the perfect place to go and catch up with some old friends while enjoying a truly delicious meal.  I hate brussel sprouts.  Growing up my mother would boil brussel sprouts in the kitchen, filling the house with a pungent, disgusting smell that stuck with me for thirty years.  The Gladly offered a game changer for me with their Brussel Sprout and grits appetizer.  WOAH baby this stuff was absolutely fantastic and proved to me that it was not the vegetable that was repulsive to me, just the preparation by my mother (love you mom!).  Next was the Chopped Salad... no description, just an address to the facebook page for the Chopped Salad.  My advice, don't ask any questions... just get it, you will not regret my recommendation.  Mind blown.The main course, the scallops sounded incredible, but so did the short ribs.  Recently I was at dinner with a few friends at the Citizen Public House, same owners as the Gladly, and one of our friends had the short ribs there.  They let me had a taste and although I loved the meal I was having at CPH, I knew that I would have enjoyed the short ribs a little more.  When given the same opportunity at the Gladly, I went for the short ribs and they were extraordinary.  The mean slipped right off the bone and the taste was just wonderful.I did have the tart for dinner, but I was too stuffed to really enjoy it much.  It was not bad at all, I was just enthralled with the rest of the meal that I couldnt even think much about the desert.  I will save more room next time.  On another note, if you like scotch or whiskey, then you will love their selection.  If you are offered an ice ball with the scotch, take it, even if you typically have it neat, definitely do the ice call, the experience alone is worth it.
1	Went to the glady with high expectations and was 'gladly' let down! I was madeTo feel like a interference, unwanted and a nuisance. By both management and the staff. I had to ask management twice for something but every thing was cool.. No concern at all. The shaved headed bartender was never there and could care if we where there at all.  Said thanks for coming with his bacK to us.( first thing he said to us all night that considering I I was greeted with a eyebrows raise a no words instead of "hi) weak and weak. You can overcome a bad food experience but not a bad service one ( cant believe your relatedTo citizen! The the food was ho hum but the sazerace was great. Too bad it won't make up for how sucky I was treated.. Want the package don't go. You'll be disappointed. Sorry to the pretentious baldHeaded bartender who missed his bartending competition at his own place that should lose anyway for being indifferent to his guest. Sucked sucked sucked. Go some where else in the Biltmore for A great time!
5	This place was great! Went with some friends for a few drinks at the bar and the service was excellent. The bartender would check in every so often to see if we needed anything. After we were done drinking he gave us some water and made sure we never ran dry.The decor and lighting looked really nice as well. The look of this place felt relaxed and chill. We didn't get any food because we ate at a different place before hand, buy might have to come back another time and try their food.
4	Loved the atmosphere.  Had an amazing dinner on our last visit.  Haven't been back in a while, though, mostly owing to the fact that the menu was primarily meat-based.  I'm sure we'll find our way back for a drinks sometime soon, though!
5	I would gladly come here (wink, wink, see what I did there?) anytime. It's so refreshing to have a restaurant in the Biltmore area that actually offers a late-night menu (11pm-1am). For a while, it seemed like all late-night restaurants were in downtown Scottsdale or downtown Phoenix. I didn't realize it was the culinary spawn of a former Cowboy Ciao chef until the menu showed a Facebook URL for the chopped salad. So happy I can get the chopped salad so close to home. The first time I went here was with two girlfriends. We shared a brussel sprout appetizer which was very yummy. It comes on some very creamy grits, which became a favorite. They come with the scallops, an entree I would recommend. I had the duck ramen which is now been changed to a mussel ramen (duck too expensive?). That was fine but nothing really beats traditional ramen. So, in hindsight I would have tried something more American, which is why my last time eating at The Gladly, I had the duck meatloaf. There was enough for two meals! Loved the texture and you could taste the duck in every bite and it comes with a foie gras mousse and grilled asparagus. That time, my brother had the special rib-eye which was 18 oz (!). That turned out to be $48. So bear in mind, The Gladly is good for if you are OK to splurge. As for dessert, I would recommend the blueberry bread pudding. It wasn't dense and it didn't left me overly stuffed like the entrees. I also had their chocolate creme dessert which is VERY decadent. Might be better to share that. I also recommend hitting the late night menu, not just for the food but for the company. A lot of the patrons are people who work at nearby restaurants. So I found myself having great chats with a bartender at Capitol Grille and a manager at Christopher's Crush. You get an insider's look at the Valley restaurant scene and great options for food. My favorite was the crispy chicken skin banh mi. SOOOOOO Tasty! It literally was all chicken skin. Hoping they bring it back around for a turn!
3	I went here for lunch with the husband last weekend after wanting to try this place since they opened. I have been to Citizen Public House several times and liked it very much. So why did it take me so long to get to the Gladly? Well...they have almost the same exact menu as CPH....not sure why....if you are going to have the same menu, why have a different name? Well, anyway, we got around to trying it last weekend at lunch time and it was sort of a let down. The place had a few people in it, but not many. I got the wagyu french onion burger and husband got the BLT no aioli. Well, we get our food and my burger is ok, but his BLT had aioli....the waitress hadn't written down the order, so that may have been the issue. We preceded to wait for like 6-7 min for her to come by so he could ask her to remake the sandwich (he's allergic to eggs, so wiping it off wouldn't really suffice). She took it back without issue, but in the meantime, we've been sitting 6-7 minutes with my food getting cold. Then it took another 10 to get the sandwich back, so by that time my food was soggy and kind of cold. Not sure what this restaurant was thinking since most people don't want to eat their meal while their dining companion watches and then sit and watch them eat later, but no comment was made by the waitress. The burger was nothing special, it tasted fine...it wasn't really french onion -y as it was supposed to have an onion sauce on it, but really just had plain onions on it. The salad it came with was tasty, it had figs, cheese,  and weird smokey almonds in it (which weren't awesome, but the rest was good). When the husband got his sandwich, he was kind of disappointed. The bacon was super thick cut...more like ham, so it was really flaccid and heavy....not really what you want when getting a BLT. Overall, the meal wasn't awesome, but there was a light at the end of the tunnel. I had seen that they had a special the night before for dessert (a banana chocolate pot of sorts), I asked if they had any left, and they did! Got one and it was delicious! I kind of loved it. Anyway, the dessert was the saving grace, but I don't think I would go back all that soon as I was pretty disappointed with the entrees and service.
3	The three stars are primarily due to the wonderful staff. If I could split  rating, they would get a five. The food however is quite "heavy" and somewhat greasy. If you are a fan of clean and refined food you may want to dine elsewhere . That being said, the squash soup was simple and delicious .
5	We are frequent Citizen Public House diners and heard about The Gladly. Very similar but has its own uniqueness.  Food is modern american and very flavorful.  Great ambiance and fantastic wait staff. They are knowledgeable about the menu and drink selection. Fabulous addition to the Biltmore area!
4	FINALLY, a place near home that serves up good cocktails. I wound up here solo a few weeks ago after putting some drunk day-drinkers to bed. I'd heard good things about this place and just wanted a chill place to enjoy some good, hand-crafted cocktails. I was not disappointed.The guys working the bar are exactly what I expect from an upper-range establishment: they can chat you up with some witty conversation, they know their product well, and true mixologists, they can throw together something exactly to your liking if nothing on the menu suits you.Their cocktails are perfectly balanced and they are not "foo-foo" cocktails either because after two, I knew I needed to move a little closer to home. The place is dimly lit and sexy with good music. They have a late night menu, so I'm thinking a nightcap is on the agenda soon.I am very happy that these guys are nearby and highly recommend. I will update my review when I've sampled the menu. But in the mean, well done on the drinks.
4	I haven't gotten around to writing a review in a looong time. Nothing has been that particularly great or bad but last night was different. Had a really good dining/drinking experience there last night. MUCH thanks to Brian behind the bar for excellent cocktails, good recommendations and just outstanding service in general. The one thing that absolutely needs to be singled out was the chicken. Yes, that's right, the chicken. It came with a chimichurli sauce and was as good a chicken dish as I have ever eaten. Even the potatoes that came with it were spot on. Also had the brussel sprout appetizer which was just great (could have been a slightly larger portion). Also, those cocktails were on a whole different level than other places. We will be back again soon and thank you once again Brian!!
5	A jewel box of a restaurant! I heard good things about The Gladly, so we decided to meet friends for dinner there last night. Until we arrived, I did not realize they had taken over the old Ruth Chris space.  I did know that it was the sister restaurant of Citizen Public House, so I had high expectations.As the hostess escorted us, past THE AMAZING LOOKING BAR, I wanted to yell, "Wait, let's just hang out there!" But arriving at our table, I was not disappointed.  The elevated dining room gives a feeling of privacy, but still allows it's diners to check out what is going on around them. Cocktails last night were Negroni's On Tap, followed by a bottle of Hearst Ranch Petite Sirah, suggested by our waiter, Tim, and all was good in the world.  Of course, we ordered a couple of The Original Chopped Salads to share. Three orders of Pan Seared Scallops (incredibly sweet and bacon-y) and one order of Coffee Charred Short Ribs, we were an incredibly happy table of diners. An Apple Tartlet and Buttermilk Bread Pudding for dessert was just over the top.I appreciate that the menu indicates Gluten Free items and was able to help with a dairy intolerance substitution.  All around a great meal and a fun evening.  We will be back!
5	Holy moly would I GLADLY come back to the Gladly again!  The Hubs and I celebrated out anniversary this past weekend by having a fabulous meal at this fine establishment.  Everything, I mean EVERYTHING about our dining experience was amazing.  Between the awesome drinks, tasty food, restaurant ambiance and great service this place nailed it.  I really cannot remember the last time I had a meal that was just so perfect, hence the five star rating.Upon entering the restaurant we were immediately seated (we had a reservation) and the hostess and the waiter even wished us a Happy Anniversary, which was a nice touch.  Tim, our waiter, was excellent... very knowledgeable, helpful, and friendly.  He guided us to the best drinks and food based on our preferences.  I had the berry cocktail and thought it was one of the best, if not the best drink I've had in a long time.  I can't remember the drink my Husband had, but he absolutely loved it.  For food, we shared the smoked cheese fondue, chopped salad, and coffee crusted short ribs.  Each course was great.  The salad, as you can see from all the reviews here on yelp is sooo... good.  The cheese fondue came with the perfect dippers... pork butt, crispy bread, and pears.  The short rib was cooked to perfection and accompanied by greens, this barley concoction that was creamy and delish, and a blueberry heaven sauce.  For dessert we shared the bread pudding and it was the perfect end to our wonderful meal.Honestly, I cannot say enough about the Gladly.  Basically, I would GLADLY drop $100+ regularly for a meal this good.  Check out this gem, you certainly will be GLAD you did!
2	Bar seemed busy. We arrived around 5:30-6, very few people there, but within an hour was very busy.  The decor is super boring. We sat up some steps to the back in a smaller area where the only decor was the tables/chairs, the crappy indoor/outdoor carpet and a mural of bookshelves. No mirrors, no pretty flower arrangements... how about NOT carpet? It's not a Pizza Hut!Anyway, food was ok, they had a great venison dish that night.  They had some pretty tasty cocktails too. But our server ruined it. Our table was only about 1.5 feet from the wall, and he felt the need to walk THAT way every time he came to check on us- which felt like every 5 minutes.  There are plenty of other places nearby to go for better service, food and atmosphere. Oh, and they had a very small parking lot out front, with no valet. We found out later there is a large parking area around the corner and up a ramp down the street....tough to find unless you "know".Best part? Our view of the skyscraper next door all lit up at night. Made us feel like we were downtown.
5	Went here last night. I'll review on a few different points. 1.  Service. My guy Nathan was fantastic. He was very attentive and on it. A small delay happened and before I could even bring it to his attention, he noticed and came to the table with a refresh on wine and brought me an amazing cocktail prepared table side. On the house because of the food delay. Fantastic. 2.  Food. Superb. Great tastes and textures. Fantastic mashes of flavors in my entree. I ordered the special. A 18ounce ribeye with a habenero risotto with white beans and homemade sausage and grilled asparagus. Seriously. De-frickin-licious. Spicy but fantastic. 3. Decor/restaurant design. Meh. They tried to be new and hip and trendy but the decor lacks depth and texture. The wall with the painted bookshelves and painted wall sconces on it is awkward and out of place and reminds me of an Olan Mills back set of the cheesy mid 80's family portrait we have all tried so hard to forget ever happened. (Yes, I know. Run on sentance. What are you? THe Yelp grammar police?)In conclusion, add some design to the building. Change NOTHING else. LOVE this place. Will go back.
5	Love the Gladly crew!  We stopped in to say hello to our friend Bernie and he surprised us with a new dessert that is going in the menu soon. A mouthwatering apple cake and marscipone ice cream with a dulce de leche sauce... Oh my goodness! Love at first taste!
5	My favorite place in Phoenix. Chris makes the most amazing cocktails in the city. Just tell him what you like and poof! He'll make  you something delicious. As for the food, also amazing and unique. Ask for the special because it usually rocks. I never get tired of going here as it is the best restaurant in Phoenix!
5	Fig something cocktail was delicious.  Also, it was in this business building.  I think there was was cult thing going on in one of the rooms.  10 points for originality.
5	I've been wanting to try the Gladly since it opened in the Biltmore and on Valentine's Day, my wish came true.  My significant other and I went here for our dinner date.   We had reservations and arrived a few minutes early.  We were seated promptly.  We sat in the area of the restaurant they call "The Library" which is decorated with paintings of books and a quiet, smaller room overlooking the restaurant - this book-aficionado absolutely loved the ambiance! The menu:  it was pre-fixed for Valentine's Day, but we still had a good sampling of the foods offered.  For appetizers, the boyfriend had The Original Chopped Salad, which was fantastic. It's so good, it even has it's own facebook page!  www.facebook.com/theoriginalchoppedsalad.   Seriously?!   haha.  I am not a salad person ( I can't eat lettuce) but even so, this is something that I would order in the future.  I had the butternut squash soup, which was warm and flavorful.  I loved the pepitas served on top - a nice, unique AZ style twist. For dinner, I had the pan seared scallops.  They were sweet and savory, cooked to absolute perfection.  I love scallops and these are definitely some of my favorites!  They were complemented with sweet corn grits, I have never had anything like this before - they were so delicious, I had to refrain from licking my plate!  We wrapped up dinner with some blueberry bread pudding.  I then had to refrain the bf from licking the plate for this dish. haha.  Luckily, we maintained our composure and left with very satisfied bellies. The portions were ample but not huge, the prices were what I would expect for a fancy dinner out on the town at the Biltmore - we call it upper middle-brow dining perhaps?  It's a great place for a special occasion.    Enjoy!
4	Second time to this trendy place. The service is very good. The good is prepared perfectly. I think they could expand the menu just a bit. Will be craving the chop salad again before I head for home.
5	I made reservations at The Gladly for Valentines Day and I regret nothing.  The restaurant was very busy but did not feel crowded. There were balloons and flower petals on the table.  The Prix Fixe menu feature a selection of their dishes for what I thought was a pretty reasonable price.   I had the Chopped salad and it was amazing. The salmon was fresh and finely chopped and there was some freeze dried corn which provided a great texture to compliment the otherwise mushy conglomeration.  The Steak was superb. It was grilled to perfection with an herb butter.  The mashed potatoes and other accoutrement were equally delicious.  We tried both the available desserts.  One was a coffee brownie and the other was a bread pudding.  Personally, I'm a huge fan of brownies, but in this case i would say the Bread pudding stole the show.  I honestly can't wait to find an excuse to splurge just a little and come back here
4	Wow what a beautiful place.  Love the sinks in the restrooms what are they?  The food is excellent.  Great place.
1	This place is boring and tries way too hard.  The menu is limited. I had the "pigstrami" sandwich. It was ok, not great. I ordered the side salad but the brought me fries.  They couldn't leave the ketchup alone, it was gross because they tried to make it special.  I will never go back because there are too many other great options in the area.
5	This place is our new 'celebration dinner' restaurant.  After reading all of the amazing reviews, we went on a Wednesday at 5:30PM.  Everything about our experience was amazingly perfect.  We caught the end of their happy hour and stayed for three hours as we slowly worked our way through the menu.Their cocktail menu is fantastic and our waiter was very knowledgeable on the drinks.  For example, 'The Fortified Fig' -- gin, port and fig syrup - WOW!!!  They also do the large round ice cubes at your table -- very cool to watch.The smoked cheese fondue was fantastic.  Crab cakes -- incredible amount of crab.  Pork chop with chile bread pudding -- amazing.  Filet -- perfect medium rare.  Our dessert wasn't on the menu -- tres leche apple cake with mascarpone ice cream -- wow.From our arrival until we walked out the door -- absolutely amazing experience.  :)
5	Walkable from the Ritz, a great surprise. Food was superb and the service was even better. Probably an up and comer as long as they stay on their game.   The chopped salad is a must. Make sure to inquire about creative cocktails. The bartender can pretty much make exactly what you're in the mood for. Enjoy!
5	The real focus is the bar.  This guy Brian ( I learn he's the lead mixologist/Cocktologist) made me one if the best unique cocktails I've had in a while.  Money in the bank.Excellent grub; try the seared spicy tuna app.
5	I was not in a hurry to try The Gladly and now I wonder what was I thinking??Great service and delicious food. Food so good I still think of it! We had the cheese fondue to start. You can go wrong with melted cheese. I had the scallops for my entree and they were the best scallop dish I have had in a long time. If it wasn't bad manners, I would have licked my plate clean.  The drinks were amazing, I love a cocktail that's not just a bunch of bottled syrups and commercial flavored vodka. The weakest dish was dessert, bread pudding. Nothing to write home about. I'm certainly going back!
4	nice play -- good food -- friendly bartender -- lots of folks from the trade drin there
4	Good food and nice ambiance.  LOVED their Thai Margarita - definitely try it if you like a little kick.  Fun place to meet friends (which we did) but would be a nice date place too.
5	Perfect date night location, makes you feel like you're in New York City! Absolutely love this spot. Try the fondu appetizer with pear and pork 'butt'... so delish. The drinks are all amazing, but my favorite concoction has been the Fortified Fig -- Gin, whipped up with something yummy including egg and cinnamon. I can't wait to swing by and check out their lunch menu.
5	This was the final portion of my Birthday Celebrations and I couldn't have been more pleased. I've been wanting to visit The Gladly since they opened. We went during HH so I could try as many things as possible because that's my favorite way to eat, lots of small plates.  I started with Super Yummy Nuts and the title doesn't lie, I could not stop eating them, they were crazy good, a little sweet, a little smoky and a little salty.  I then had the  Roasted Brussel Sprouts because they are my current favorite vegetables! They were cooked perfectly and so were the grits. I'm always a bit apprehensive about grits but these were creamy and very flavorful. Then to round things out I had smoked chicken wings and they were fantastic, I love smoked wings and these were amazing. Perfectly crispy skin with moist meat, perfect pairing.My friend ordered the French Onion Waygu Burger which was amazing, definitely a must try for burger fans! But hands down the best thing we had was Bernie's Mac 'N Cheese, we're still talking about it and when we're going to come back and have it again. The pasta is cooked perfectly, it's not that mush that you get sometimes when you order mac 'n cheese. The flavors are more then just the smoked mozzarella and tomotoes that are listed. It's incredibly creamy and rich. If there is 1 thing that you have to order when you go, it's definitely Bernie's Mac 'N Cheese.I don't remember the happy hour cocktail for that day, it was whiskey based with fruit and bitters, I just tried a sip and it was pretty good, I love the fact that they have different specialty cocktails based on the seasons.The service was phenemonal on all ends, everyone was really friendly, it was the perfect ending to my birthday month.
4	As fans of Citizen Public House, I was excited to try another of their offerings and they didn't disappoint.  We were there on a slow Saturday afternoon and they treated us like we were the only ones there.  Food was great and their drinks were good.  The bar inside is very cool and they have a lot of interesting stuff.  This would be a good place to sit at the bar and pick the bartender's brain about booze.
5	Their cocktails are unparalleled, and their food is wonderful for the price.  Flavors are predictable, but solid.  Five stars because of the innovative cocktails and amazing servers.  I heard they lost their mixologist, I hope it does not impact their quality.  I go here often for business lunches, and it is an underutilized asset.  This is a great place to convene, confer, and meet with business connections.
5	I have yelped this place before....but this add-on service that Peg and I experienced today deserved another shout out!  When I heard that Chef Bernie et al were in the process of beginning their Sunday brunch at 9:00 AM...I almost wet myself. Ok ok, this can happen with anyone as they get older...but this is was a reaction on par with a YEAH!  You who have been to Gladly know how much of a good thing it is...the food, the service, the atmosphere....all of it are especially wonderful.  The brunch items are stellar...and for those of us who love getting  out on a Sunday morning and starting it in a most extraordinaire way...this will do it for you. (BTW...Crudo is on the short list of providing this type of experience as well). I digress....  Eggs Berniedict and Grits and Sausage followed one of our all time favorite appetizers...the pate. Andrew's selection of coffee is nothing short of genius...and actually, Peg and I rate a breakfast place for coffee as well as I'm sure many of you do as well. We had a bite of a cornbread waffle which was just incredible...and my bride does not typically enjoy waffles. These you really need to try. Pigstrami Hash will be next in line, I'm sure.  Our service (Samantha) was good, Nick was his usual attentive, gracious self, and Brian was always the comforting presence,  If you are up (relatively) early on Sunday...I would strongly recommend that you re-visit Gladly for a terrific way to give thanks...Dr. B
4	I have only been here for happy hour...and I LOVE IT!You can order a nice glass of wine for $5 and the appetizers...oh the food!The brussel sprouts over corn grits are absolutely perfect! I truly crave this dish on a weekly basis. I have also had the pate which is done very well and I really like the pickled onions they serve with it.The first time I sat on the patio and had great service, the second time I sat at the bar and the service had a bit to be desired. The bartender was so busy flirting with a set of very drunk girls...it took longer than it should to be acknowledged when we arrived.I heard they just started brunch...can't wait to try it!
5	This is definitely the spot after a long day. Low key, great drinks, and great service. Its rare to find anyone that carries the whiskey selection that they do. I always start off with a few Red Breast served clean and then sober up with their Moscow Mule. I havent had their food yet since I dont want it to ruin my perception of the place, but after reading these reviews I might venture outside of the alcohol.
5	My absolute favorite place to go. And now they serve brunch!! It doesn't get any better then that. I have tried just about everything they have and I've never been disappointed.
5	Found this place on yelp and GLADly that I did! Went during happy hour and stayed through dinner. Nathan, our waiter, is the best, most knowledgable, attentive server I have ever encountered. You are a lucky customer if you get him! The drinks, both non-alcoholic and alcoholic, are amazing and the bartender/mixologist is a genius in creativity. You have to go and experience their "own" juices, ginger beer and bitters. They are known for their chopped salad and I am endorsing that everyone try this! I must say I was expecting the portion to be a bit larger for the price... Maybe we can convince them to make this change!
5	This is a sister restaurant to Citizen Public House. The menus are similar but different enough to make a visit to both restaurants well worth it. I have tried several things on the menu here and have been really impressed with everything I have ordered. The drinks are excellent as well. The staff is very knowledgable and passionate. The other thing I really like about this place is the ambiance. It works well for a date, a night out with friends and family or for entertaining clients. You really can't go wrong. Anyone that is looking for a great meal in Phoenix should definitely visit The Gladly. Thanks for a great dining experience.
4	Went with a group of friends a couple months back on a Saturday afternoon. The service was spot-on and the food was delicious.  My friends and I enjoyed our time there out on the patio. Will be back to dine again.
3	I expected more from a Sunday brunch. It wasn't overly crowded, nor was there a wait. The service was slow and inconsistent and I had to do some deep digging to learn that there was a special barbecue on the patio and that the full lunch menu was available in addition to the brunch menus we stared at for 20 minutes waiting for one glass of wine. Once the food arrived, it was quality food. Spicy Chilaquiles and a well done pastrami.
5	This was my first visit to the gladly and it will not be my last.  I went with some friends from work for lunch and I was quite surprised at how they changed up the place from the old Ruth Chris building.  You are able to walk in with jeans and a tshirt and you don't feel out of place.  I ordered the wagyu burger and fries.  It came out cooked perfectly medium rare and on a fresh baked potato bun with some arugula and grilled onions.  The burger itself you can tell is flavored so it's not just a plain beef patty leaving you to get all the burger flavor from it's toppings.  Super juicy and probably one of the better burgers I've had in a good while.  The fries were great and had a nice salt and pepper coating to go with the home made ketchup.   Some of the menu items can be pricy but the burger with fries was 12 bucks and you pay more than that at zinburger.  Great place and highly recommend to give them a try
5	Decided to come here for a late snack, to have a couple appetizers and a drink. Started with the pepper shrimp and the burrata. Both dishes were fabulous, so we decided to order an entree to share. Had scallops that were cooked perfectly. Then, added another app because we are pigs. Had Brussels sprouts and they were absolutely delicious. Our server, Tim, was very knowledgeable, and made great suggestions. Overall, this has turned into one of our favorite spots.
5	From drinks to entree you cannot go wrong. This place is a great addition to the Biltmore area. Olive to start, who ever thought they'd be so good. Warm would even be better! Burrata with fresh greens and tomatoes, a great next course. Pepper shrimp, delicious and cooked perfectly and for dinner, the most amazing scallops!!! And I'm a New Englander!!! So, the food is amazing! Next you have to ask for Tim the server, great in every step if the way! Nick the manager stopped by, talked with us like we have known him for years!! I love the Gladly. Not to mention, this is only our second of many visits to come! You're fools for not dining here. Enjoy!!
5	I already can't wait to go back to The Gladly.My husband and I planned to come here for dinner to enjoy Arizona's Restaurant Week promotion and menu offerings. Every single thing on the menu that we tried was incredible.My husband's food kind of blew his socks off. The Original Chopped Salad - yeah, it totally lives up to the hype. And his duck meatloaf was huge and tasty. I enjoyed the greens salad and a vegetarian menu offering consisting of cauliflower risotto and a heaping pile of roasted vegetables, which were the most delicious roasted vegetables I've ever had, and exactly what I wanted for dinner. Oh, and the desserts, yeah, they were incredible. I definitely liked the Blondie more than the blueberry bread pudding, but both were totally fantastic.However, the best part of the dinner was the drink menu. The Gladly has over 200 kinds of whiskey and bourbon, so my husband and I started off with a couple of their signature cocktails (everyone, you HAVE to try the Gladly Manhattan - it's outstanding!), and then moved into tasting some of their whiskeys. And each whiskey is served with an ice ball that they form right at your table! It was SO cool, and such an awesome experience to partner with our cocktails!I really want to go back immediately.
5	I was searching for a place to go for my boyfriend's birthday dinner and had no luck finding a decent restaurant.  I stumbled upon The Gladly and saw they had pretty much the most extensive whiskey list I've ever seen at a restaurant, not to mention the great reviews.  My boyfriend and I love whiskey so I made a reservation on the spot. First impressions ranging from the decor to the mood lighting to the staff was exceptional. Our table was about 10 minutes past due but we didn't mind as we were hanging out at the bar enjoying ourselves and relaxing. The boyfriend had the Gladly Manhattan and it was probably one of the best Manhattan's we've ever had.  Delish!They were running a Restaurant Week special which included an appetizer, entree and dessert for $30.  This was a phenomenal deal as one entree would cost you about $30 alone.  Done!  I ordered the Caesar salad, Chimichurri Chicken (which was perfectly cooked and so tender), and the White Chocolate Blondie for dessert.  Everyone at our table ordered something different and they all had nothing but great things to say about their food.  We had a little family style dinner going on as we all wanted to try what the other had.  Definitely not disappointed by any of the dishes, including the special "Pickled Pork Temple" dish that our friend ordered at the behest of our waiter who was so lively and friendly! This restaurant was a fantastic choice for a birthday dinner and we will absolutely be back for more!  Thank you The Gladly for providing such a great atmosphere; the food, drinks and service was incredible!
5	One of my favorite regular spots! The best Brussels sprouts and scallops in Arizona, make sure to give them a try! The Gladly has a unique drink selection that are all amazing! Great atmosphere, and excellent management!
4	I am a huge fan of Citizen Public House so we decided to try out The Gladly during restaurant week.  I had the chopped salad, the scallops and the bread pudding.  Everything was top notch.  The chopped salad and scallops were just like the ones at Citizen Public House - excellent!  I also tried a their sazerac which was very tasty.  I like the location and the feel of Citizen Public House better, but this is a nice addition to the Biltmore corridor.
5	Could be contender for my favorite Phoenix restaurant.Service - 5 Star - and that's hard to earn from meDecor/Environment -3/4 Stars - It's okay, but felt a bit cheap to me compared to it's peers.  Food - 5 star - Everything I ate was good to excellent.  Delightful.Value - 4 star - It's not cheap, but most are reasonable, especially happy hour.Came here for restaurant week.  Very surprised to love it as much as I did.  Tip:  Happy Hour is outstanding.  $2.50 beers, $5 cocktail of day, $5 wine.  4-5 apps, full size portions, are $5.My wife ordered the Pate appetizer to start, and it was a generous sized portion of pate.  She loved it.I ordered the brussel sprouts on grits.  I'm not a huge fan of either ingredient, but this was a knock your socks off good combination.  Very pleased.We both ordered the chopped salad.  It was just as others describe, very good.  Don't expect a big salad.I ordered the chicken chimchurri and it was a generous piece of chicken, delightful flavors, and a great spicy kick.  Not too spicy, but just right.  I never order chicken dishes in restaurants, but was glad i tried.My wife ordered the duck meatloaf and shared with our son.  Both loved it.  Nice portion.  Great flavors especially the grain it was on top of.I had the bread pudding dessert, and I love bread pudding, but this was the weak point of the entire meal.  Was much more like a thick pie, and while very edible, not great by any means.My wife got the blonde dessert, and it was excellent.  Says it tasted like great fudge.Anyway, even with happy hour and restaurant week pricing, it was $60/person with tip.  Lots of food, and very good quality.  Not cheap, but IMO worth it.We will be back, and would put this on par with St. Francis down the street... both are truly outstanding examples of Phoenix restaurants.
4	I like to think of it as having a slightly improved menu over its sister, the Citizen Public House, in a slightly less attractive setting.  Still has an incredible menu with the best salad known to man.
5	I have been wanting to try this restaurant for a while. It's not very close to home so the one time we had planned on going we were too tired to drive out there. So when a friend asked us to pick a restaurant for restaurant week, we chose the gladly. A handsome, well-dressed man met us in the parking lot to tell us the lot was full and to go around the corner. We did, and entered through the back door, where a delightful, friendly woman welcomed us in. We had a table near the window where we started with a round of drinks. The IPA tap had just been killed and the waiter suggested ordering a lager instead, which we thought was strange. But he was very nice and delightful and the service was very good. We all had the three course restaurant week tasting. We all got the topped salad, which is wonderful. And at the table we had a duck meat loaf, scallops, and steelhead. They were all delicious.
5	Awesome interior design.    What a great location with spectacular views.  The menu had lots of great items.  The chopped salad is a MUST have!Went for breakfast also and it was fantastic.  Super waiting staff that were very attentive and personable.
4	While visiting Phoenix for work, my niece and I had dinner here during Restaurant week. Neither of us had been here before but she had heard good things about this place which I learned used to be a Ruth Chris steakhouse.  The interior was hip and modern. My niece ordered their version of the Chopped salad in which the ingredients are mixed tableside which was a nice touch. I had the pre-fixe $30 - 3 course meal opting for a Caesar Salad, Duck Meatloaf with foie gras mousseline, smoked cherry demi-glace, rosemary millet and topped with grilled asparagus spears and the choice of one of two desserts. The apps that we shared were the grilled brussel sprouts over corn grits and the pistachio chicken liver pate which were both great choices. I would have give this place the additional star if they had better dessert choices as part of the pre-fix restaurant week menu but overall The Gladly was a "Winner" in my book.
5	Super classy establishment!Great drinks, good atmosphere for colleagues, a date , or friends. Delicious food too, a lattice more pricey, but worth it.
4	all very nice....but if you are like us and like bread you have to ask for it...$12 salad and I have to ask for bread....at least they could ask the patron if they would like it...if they don't want to just serve it ...onlt issue noticed on the negative
3	(Lyrics - Alison Kraus - Baby, Now That I Found You)Gladlynow that I've found youI won't let you goI'll order food around youand I Yelp you soGladly even thoughI think I'll try you now....Gladlynow that I've found youI won't let you goI'll order food around youand I Yelp you soGladly even thoughI think I'll try you nowI think I'll try you now oh, yeahThe owners of Citizen Public House presents; The Gladly, located in the Biltmore area just west of the shopping complex. The Gladly is a modern American restaurant with an urbanized feel. I came with my foodie gang, and yes like the cheesy Broadway gang we sing and dance....when you're a foodie, you're a foodie you're a foodie - wink! (See Westside Story)We started with their signature Chopped Salad; I mean com'on it's the best in town and well known at that and if you don't know; know it now! Our appetizers concluded with the Lamb Ribs and Vietnamese Pepper Shrimp. I didn't really cared for the ribs since it was tad bit chewy and overcooked and there was nothing Vietnamese about the peppered shrimp. I miss my Chopped Salad....Moving on to Entrees, I ordered their Pork Chops, which was tasty and nicely cooked to perfection. I like anything with a raisin compote! My friends around ordered their Duck Meatloaf and thought it was phenomenal! I tasted it and thought it somewhat gamey. Not my cup of tea. Overall, the experience of The Gladly was fun and the service was tops. I wasn't too blown away by the food, but it's not to say it's not worth the visit. - Enjoy!
4	The restaurant week menu was really a great deal.  I enjoyed the salad, the duck meatloaf, and the bread pudding.  Prior to dinner we hung out at the bar and sampled some happy hour fare.  Happy hour is a great deal.  They have a few apps in the $5-10 range and several drink specials including $2.50 drafts which is a great deal.  We had the sausage, cheese, and pretzel platter which was a perfect app to start out with.  The food is tasty here and I don't recall trying anything I didn't enjoy.  It is a little pricey (normally - not during restaurant week or at happy hour) and the atmosphere leaves a little something to be desired but it is definitely worth trying out if you're in the area.
2	I was pretty disappointed in my visit to the gladly... Definitely a fan of citizens public house, but not so much on the gladly. I brought my husband here for his birthday about 2 weeks ago, we just moved to the area. I ordered the filet and he had the pork chop. Standard cinnamon-y/ apple flavor really not impressive. My steak was over cooked, the flavor was alright.... For the price of the meal, there are so many better options in the area. It was truly a let down, cph is sooooooo good!
4	Great experience overall. We had a very cool and friendly waitress. She really helped us pick some great items. We started with the brussels sprouts. They had grits on the bottom and they were divine. Also had the crab cakes which were very good and tasted fresh. Then I shared the chop salad with one other person. It was hands down one of the best salads I've ever had. So different and like nothing else. Our main courses were all mediocre besides for my sister's scallops. I would definitely recommend getting drinks and appetizers at The Gladly. I had the mule and it was quite refreshing. I would definitely recommend this place but only for appetizers and drinks.
4	I get it. I totally understand why the original chopped salad (of cowboy ciao, citizen public house, and the gladly) has more Facebook friends than most celebrities. It's legitimately the best salad you've ever had, considered having, or fathomed having. It's not even funny how delicious that salad was. It's not even a salad. It's a 7-piece harmonic masterpiece for your freaking mouth. I think the gladly is nice. Great environment, great atmosphere, great service. I just think that the food might be slightly overrated given that a cowboy ciao meal blew me out of the water for half the price.
4	Food was good and the service was excellent.  Overall a positive experience.
4	What a great spot. If you love Citizen Public House you will love The Gladly. Cocktails were on point, service exceptional and the food... YUM! I had their Manhattan (or three), the Original Chopped Salad (of course) and the pork chop for my main course. All incredible! I hear the happy hour is a great spot for singles - haven't check it out myself but my sources are reliable! :)
5	Every single time I go in.... Exceptional service!! I can't get enough Of this place!!! The food, the drinks, the hospitality, and accommodations are just above and beyond! I highly recommend this sophisticated dining experience to all!!
5	The Gladly is delicious. I stopped in with some friends during restaurant week and we all decided to try different entrees to maximize our experience.We all did start with the chopped salad, which I had never had. It was wonderful. I loved the combination of couscous, salmon, black currants, pepitas, and asiago.One friend had the pan seared scallops - very nice. Another had the duck meatloaf - decadent and yummy. I had a special they added, which was the rockfish - amazing. I think my friends were a bit jealous of my dish and kept sneaking bites. Theirs were very good, but the rockfish was fantastic.For dessert we had white chocolate blondie and the blueberry maple bread pudding. Blondie was excellent - not too sweet with a bit of lovely ice cream. Bread pudding was also nice and very rich.Service was good. Restaurant is nice, modern, comfortable. I was really impressed and will definitely be back.
2	I was excited to try this restaurants but sadly my experience was disappointing. I thought the staff was very friendly and I enjoyed the decor, but the food was not good! We ordered the mac 'n cheese, which came with salsa on top. The flavors of the salsa were too overpowering for the cheese. My friend asked for his burger cooked medium and it came so under cooked the bun was bloody. Our server informed us that that is the way they cook them there. That's fine, but a little warning would have been useful. He returned the burger but was a little too disgusted to order something else. I ordered the yellow curry ramen and my first thought was that it tasted like Christmas. I'm not sure if it was Indian, Thai, or fruitcake inspired, but it was inedible. The overall opinion of my group was that the restaurant is trying to make their menu different but the flavor combinations don't quite work.
4	Glad I stopped by during restaurant week to take advantage of the deals. I like that they offered most of their regular dinner entrees with the same portion size.  Duck meatloaf was a bit gamey and pretty heavy. The scallops and rockfish special, though, were on point! Service was so-so. We asked our busboy for a lot of things and he happily helped us out. Don't know what happened to our actual waiter throughout the meal.  Clientele seemed a little stuffy, but this is the Biltmore area so I shouldn't be surprised. I'd maybe come by for happy hour, but not full dinner service.
5	Love their sister restaurant, Citizen Public House & I love their chef, owners managers & servers. As a patron & a client (group events) these sister restaurants are unique, refined & unmatched. Try their Original Chopped Salad, roasted Brussels sprouts on creamy corn grits, pan seared scallops, burgers you name it.  I love their creativity & use of rich tasting ingredients.  Their drinks are one-of-kind.  Again their creativity & uniqueness shines through. The Gladly is certainly worth a visit. Their staff is extremely knowledgable & makes you feel right at home.  Cheers to a memorable experience!
3	Four stars for the food but three stars overall due to the ambience. Decor is understated but could really use a bit more texture or greenery. The large windows that look to Camelback Road make it feel like you are sitting in a department store. Greenery outdoors appears limited to overgrown sage on the verge of becoming tumbleweed. What does any of this have to do with the food? Appetizers (lamb ribs, Brussels sprouts) were excellent and Gladly happily gives a robust serving go greens with their salads. The burrata was not memorable and appetizer quite cold. Salad dressings flavorful. Unfortunately, eats and ambience didn't encourage us to linger. However, for a Benjamin, we were full. Will concede that we caught additional eats elsewhere.
5	Great brunch spot. I got the eggs benedict (they spelled it BERNIEDICT) on a pretzel roll. They put cheese fondue on it instead of hollandaise sauce.  It was fabulous.  The orange sorbet mimosa was awesome too. I do not typically like OJ in my Prosecco but it did not taste too much like orange juice. I added lime and cranberry juice to it. My friends ordered the chopped salad. It looked fabulous. They had a mixology class going on in the bar.  I guess they offer that every once in a while.  My girlfriend said she would prefer a place with more of an "atmosphere."  I guess it wasn't busy enough for her to people watch. It was fine with me.
5	This was our first meal after we landed in Phoenix.  Booked an OT reservation and although it was in a business park area, there was a decent amount of people there.  Great ambiance, trendy bar, and very friendly staff.I started off with a cocktail: Venice Shandy.  A little sweet, but refreshing.  Great way to start off a vacation!We started off with their Original Chopped Salad.  The menu noted a Facebook page for it so we figured it must be good.  It's definitely not the typical chopped salad you'd expect.  This one had smoked salmon, freeze-dried corn, tomatoes, Israeli couscous, greens, tomato, sunflower seeds with black currants and they mix it in front of you with buttermilk dressing.  It's good enough to share for 2.  By far, this is the BEST salad I've had that I was dying for the recipe.  Sure enough, recipe found online: http://www.azfamily.com/community/blogs/arizona-cooking/Have-you-tried-Arizonas-State-Salad-231931881.html#recipeFor dinner, I had the Coffee Charred Short Ribs.  It came with barley, blueberry compote and spinach.  The dish itself was a pretty big portion, but after sharing with my husband, we finished it all.  The meat was really tender and it just fell off the bone.  It had some sweetness to it, but with a nice hint of coffee.  I also enjoyed eating the barley with the sauce that I couldn't stop eating it.  My husband had the Duck Meatloaf.  It was a hefty portion as well.  Went very well with the cherry glaze.  Overall, it was a great meal.  We definitely enjoyed our dinner while watching the dust storm outside.  The glass doors kept blowing in the wind.  Our server was friendly and was very knowledgeable about the history of the restaurant when we asked.  For a night out in town, come down for a good meal and tasty drinks!
5	Not that Citizen is far away from me but I was still pretty elated when The Gladly opened up and offered the same Original Chopped Salad.  When I had friends in town we decided that we would take them here for our after church brunch.  We were seated outside on the great patio and our server was kind and took great care of us.  Having a toddler with us, that was really hungry to the point of hangry (hungry/angry, he got this behavior from me), we need to order something for him immediately.  They made him fresh pineapple juice and then we proceeded to ask for random items that he wanted: 2 orders of bacon, half an avocado and two pieces of toast with no butter.  She brought it out quickly and he was one happy distracted child for the rest of the meal.The adults ordered the following: Protein Plate, Pigstrami Hash and 2 orders of Eggs Berniedict.  I will state for the record that it was difficult for me to resist ordering the Chopped Salad but I decided I should stick with the brunch theme.  The protein plate had a large piece of chicken breast, yogurt, Korean pears, grapes, almond butter and flax granola.  It was devoured by the pregnant lady and she was skeptical at first but so delighted with the plate and full.  I ordered the Pigstrami hash, smoke pork butt with potatoes, onion, kale, eggs and lepinja.  Flavorful and cooked to perfection but it wasn't the Eggs Berniedict and I ended up stealing that from my husband.  Eggs Berniedict had eggs, pretzel roll, smoked sausage, cheese fondue and some fruit on the side, there was no contest for me, this was the dish to order.
3	Nice place but was not terribly impressed.  Our waiter recommended the short ribs which were pretty good although would not put that as the first impression piece.
4	We took a tripSedona way For three hot nightsAnd four days stayedOn our way homeStopped in PhoenixMet Daniel LGladly he picksWalked through the doorsNice ambienceThe air was coolBooth seats ensconcedCaught up with lifeAte a nice lunchOur menu picksWe loved a bunchWe ordered the Chopped SaladAlso the PigstramiWe shared a cup of squash soupAt the end we were happyYou knowI'm glad!  I'm glad!  You know it! (really really glad)You knowI'm glad!  I'm glad!  You know it! (really really glad)You knowI'm glad!  I'm glad!  You know it! (really really glad)If a Yelper! didn't get my message right nowI'm gonna say it once againI'm glad!The word is outChopped salad greatLickety splitThis salad ateNicely platedLight dressing pouredThe flavor mixWe did adoreShared cup squash soupSeeds, raisins toppedGulped spoonsful fewYet hard to stopPigstrami goodYet bit saltyLanger's sandwichIs best to me.The Gladly servers are trained wellHelpful, thoughtful, politeIn terms of the "lunch experience"The Gladly was out of sight!You knowI'm glad!  I'm glad!  You know it! (really really glad)You knowI'm glad!  I'm glad!  You know it! (really really glad)You knowI'm glad!  I'm glad!  You know it! (really really glad)If a Yelper! didn't get my message right nowI'm gonna say it once againI'm glad!
4	The Gladly is an excellent addition to the area. As other note there are some similarities with citizen public house - I take that as a positive thing. Gladly service was excellent - top notch all around. Our cocktails were perfect. Our entrees - the ribs and the meatloaf - were good but not the most memorable aspects of our visit. Desert, I thought, was an afterthought at best.
1	I've never had a yelp account before, however after what I saw and heard tonight I had to create one for just this purpose. I came in for drinks tonight and sat at thier bar, ordered a cocktail from a really nice girl at the bar. After she made the drink which was great by the way all I could hear were the servers doing thier work and talking loudly behind a curtain. What I heard blew our minds. Some tall guy with grey hair was very loud and irritating and spewed nothing but racist and belittling comments toward his co workers. To make matters worse the manager was right there laughing with him! I couldn't believe the manager would tolerate and promote this kind of behavior. Its truly a shame because the place is beautiful, and the drinks are good but there's plenty of places I can go and not have to feel bad for people working there.
5	What a great place for lunch! I expected everything to be really expensive, but the prices were affordable, and the food was excellent quality and a proper portion. The interior is beautiful and welcoming with an impressive-looking bar. Our server (I think his name was Damian) was also really nice and chatted with us a bit. I ordered a chicken sandwich that was excellent. The side salad was delicious too. I think it came with arugula and had walnuts. The only thing I didn't like about it was the basalmic vinaigrette dressing because it was a little too much. Otherwise, everything was absolutely excellent!
5	This is a bit of a skewed review as I can not vouch for the establishment but I was brought back a meal from this establishment and it was so excellent I felt the need to chime in.  I for their Scallops with grits and arugula...  amazing.  Even at the price I would have tried to cram down another entree (in the privacy of my own home)... Very good pairings of flavors.  Excellent food.
5	The Gladly makes it's Sister Proud!  We have an on-going love affair with The Citizen Public house, so it was absolutely relieving to find ourselves in a restaurant with just the same pride in ambiance, decor, food and service!  We of course enjoyed our regular Original Chopped Salad (made famous by CPH) but strayed from the regulars through the rest of the meal.  Our server was passionate about the cocktails and gave mouth watering descriptions of the menu options...which of course were spot on!  The location in central phoenix is, 'different' as I would call it.  Located in a business park on Camelback, it is still easy to find and even easier to give directions to others to meet you there!  Enjoy with friends and family any night of the week !
4	Cool vibe. Customer service has improved. Love the bar but wish they had a tv.  Like the short menu:  Eclectic and classy. Great wine list. They have Kim Crawford Sav Blanc so I'm happy. :-) the smoked olives are amaze!!!
4	A great menu - any my fellow diners' plates all look wonderful - but I can't get past the chopped salad, which I get every time.  It's just the best.And service here is attentive and friendly.
4	"Gladly" I got invited to a brunch. "Gladly" I accepted and went. "Gladly" it was awesome. This is my first visit and don't know what to expect. Someone in our group ordered the Roasted Brussels Sprouts from the appetizer menu and it is only $5 during brunch. It was so delicious I would definitely come back for this dish. I went with Mushroom Omelet as my main entre and it was good as well. The egg was cooked just right and not too oily. The bread that came with was soft enough just the way I like. The service was great. Our server was attentive and answered all the questions we asked.
4	I really enjoyed my first visit to the Gladly. I loved the look and feel of the place right from when I walked in. The open glass look really makes the place so well lit during brunch and makes for a good seating experience. Since it was my first visit for brunch, I had their well known Chopped salad and its safe to see that on future visits, this will be a constant in my order. It comes in looking so pretty and all the different layers marked out and then its mixed up for you. It is literally an explosion of flavors in your month. I accompanied it with some delicious sorbet mimosa. The "surprise and delight" moment was when we got free dessert because service was a tad slow . It was some banana custard kind of thing with granola and some cookies on the side. Very delicious. I highly recommend paying a visit.
4	I was introduced to The Gladly by a Brunch Meet-up group and I was throughly impressed by how they handled the 40 people there for brunch.  There wasn't any problems that they didn't smile and take care of right away.  The spicy Bloody Mary is truely spicy and very good.  The atomosphere was very nice and the food was high end.  I will return.
5	Boy, I sure am GLAD that I tried The Gladly yesterday! I sorta felt like a tool typing that out, but it truly rocked my being, from the service to the food choices/quality.My friend and I were part of a newer Meetup.com event for Urban Brunchers, so we were seated in the side reception/banquet type room. Wasn't digging the dark, large shoe box, no windows area, but what-evs. We had our own bar in there so that was sorta pimp.I chose their Spicy Bloody Mary. Dude. They make their OWN tomato-based mix. I saw in their stew pot!! The time and care paid off, bc their Mary was phenomenal!Since its Chopped Salad has its own Facebook page, I had to order one to see for myself. I must say, I was disappointed when the rainbow-colored ingredients came on a smaller plate. I thought, "This isn't it, is it?". I bitched to my friend. I mixed and poured. My attitude came to a screeching halt and did a 180. HOLY Sheyat! So effing tasty!! I'm hooked. For life.The owner/GM gave us free salad cards to use in the future too! I almost peed a little.I'll be back for sure.
5	This place is great! We brought a large group this Sunday for our Urban Brunchers Meetup.com group. The staff was fantastic and we even got a wonderful Bloody Mary Presentation from their Bar Manager Brian, if you like a spicy Bloody Mary this is the place for you! The food was great and arrived very timely which is difficult when catering to such a large group. They even had acoustic live music playing out front (we were in the private party room) If you have not been here yet you are missing out! I can't wait to come back for dinner.
5	Sunday night anniversary dinner.  Food was excellent, service was outstanding, and had a great time.  Also, Sunday happy hour all day!  Very highly recommended.  Great menu, good ambience.
5	There is not a dish on the menu that I haven't absolutely loved! From the friendly and professional staff, to the deliciously crafted drinks and plates, The Gladly easily earns five stars!
5	My best friends and I took a trip to Scottsdale and we only heard incredible reviews about The Gladly so we went there and it was the best thing we did the whole trip, we loved it so much we went back the next night for dinner again!Each of us ordered different specialty drinks of theirs and watched in amazement as the bartender created these master pieces in front of us. Not only were they beautifully made drinks but they tasted so good! One of their employees, David, recommended their Chopped Salad. I was a bit skeptical when the description of it was just a Facebook link so I ordered it anyways and holy smokes I'm so happy I ordered that. It was, without a doubt, the best salad I've ever had. David was a fantastic person to speak with, he gave us many other wonderful recommendations.The next time I'm in Scottsdale the first place I'm going to is The Gladly!
5	Love this spot! Whether it's socializing at the bar with an amazing handcrafted cocktail or dining at a table, you'll always have an enjoyable time. The staff is personable and always make you feel welcome. The food is absolutely amazing! All the dishes are fantastically presented and taste delicious.  Highly recommend you and your friends check this place out (you won't be disappointed).
4	The Gladly is a great place to take a friend, a date, or for happy hour. It's a professional drinkers paradise with all the specialty drinks. The servers are enthusiastic and knowledgeable about all things in the menu and give great suggestions on food items. Needless to say the service is great and when taking a date it helps to make the experience memorable.
5	I couldn't love this place more!! Amazing cocktails to start, unique and well-rounded appetizers and salads---the entrees were just delicious.  We went with friends and ended up ordering half the menu to share and loved it all. We will be back soon!
5	Incredible place -- highly highly highly recommended -- everything was amazing, so amazing we kept ordering and ordering starters and different main courses to taste them beyond what we ordered individually. Great cocktails -- usually drink just wine but tonight we had a cocktail night and again kept ordering them for fun.Staff are great, loads of fun without being overbearing, great sense of humor, have never felt so welcome.Ask for Tim -- he's awesome.
5	Really nice restaurant located near the Biltmore mall, dined here for girls night. The atmosphere was very chill, great food and delicious dessert. I try to stop by whenever I'm on that side of town. Just a note, do not bring your Starbucks coffee in ...whoops! Lol
4	This place was so yummy!Went here for my boyfriends birthday and had the steak. I'm a huge steak fanatic and it was melt-in-your-mouth delicious. I'm actually craving one now that I speak of it. Will be back for sure!
5	This place is great, love the duck meatloaf and the chopped salad. The service is great and they are fun too. They also have a great drink selection. They keep this going like it is, I'll keep coming back for more :)
5	This is a great restaurant a little on the pricy side but it's very good the service was great and there is a lot of good people watching I was very intertained with the couples I saw coming in
4	We were the first customers here on a Thursday at lunchtime. The service was great. I ordered a cider shandy--delicious, complex-tasting drink--while my husband had a Kiltlifter from the tap.Out of everything at our meal, we were least pleased with the appetizer. The noble bread consisted of only four pieces of bread, a scoop of in-house made butter, flaked sea salt, and a small mason jar of green olives with pits. The butter was amazing and yet the whole thing felt like a very small amount for $7. I'm glad there were just two of us to split it or it would have barely been anything.I had to get the famous chopped salad! I ordered it with the salmon. It was absolutely delicious. The perfect amount and downright beautiful to behold. I really appreciated that the server inquired about the amount of dressing I preferred; I asked for a light amount and I didn't need to add any more.My husband had the French onion wagyu burger with fries. He was very pleased. They cooked the meat just as he requested (most places overcook) and the fries were perfectly crisp. The ketchup they serve is made in-house and you can taste the fresh herbs in it, especially rosemary.Tip: the lunch menu doesn't list the desserts, but they do serve them! We ordered their new version of bread pudding as part of my Best Bread Pudding Quest. People, they do S'MORES BREAD PUDDING. As in, a massive chunk of bread pudding crowned with a 3-inch thick marshmallow, then toasted. On the side is a scoop of chocolate ice cream sprinkled with salt, pieces of graham cracker, and chocolate drizzle. Share this with someone you're intimate with, because it'd going to take a team effort to pull apart that big sticky marshmallow. The flavors are fantastic together, but even more, the textures...! Soft marshmallow, tender bread pudding, melting chocolate ice cream, a piece of graham cracker... oh yeah. I should add, I had a sugar high for the next four hours. Didn't need dinner that night, that's for sure.I'd visit The Gladly again. It's a great special occasion kind of place.
5	I have dined at The Gladly two times now, once for Brunch and once for Dinner and both experiences were stellar.  This place has excellent service, a creative and well-developed menu, and great cocktails!  On my last visit for dinner, I had the Duck Meatloaf and it was wonderful !  I am not much of a fan if Duck, but I could be if It always was as good as The Gladly's meatloaf:). In addition, for appetizers we had the Pistachio Chicken Liver Pate and a very yummy Smoked Mozzarella Fondue .....each was a delight! And kudos to our server who, when taking my drink order for a dirty martini, asked if I wanted blue cheese stuffed olives!  I was so pleasantly surprised that he offered before I asked:). Very nice!Lastly,  I am headed back to The Gladly for Brunch again today and am so looking forward to the delicious Sorbet Mimosa, and the Pigstrami Hash!  Love this place !
4	great service, knowledgable, nice whiskey list and tastes, in a calm laid back kind of atmosphere, next time for full dinner
5	I think it's mainly the staff. 3 times there and 3 times we were treated really well. Fun, friendly, and good at their job. The food, really good. Last night we had a huge, garlicky Caesar. The fish was cobia which is a firmer fish (not steaky) on this incredible coconut milk rice pile. It was a tasty dish. I had the tuna app. Not great, but not bad. Will try something else next time. Gladly has a huge single malt scotch list. If you're into it, it's cool how they bring out this machine that makes the big pure ice ball. Nice atmosphere and nothing felt really overpriced. The bill $110, with 4 scotches. Seems reasonable for a nice Saturday night out.
4	Walked to The Gladly on a whim, just about an hour shy of the start of happy hour. My bestie and I were pretty hungry so we ordered food first and decided we would hold out for drinks until happy hour started when they were cheaper...because, college. But we still like to treat ourselves. Happy hour is perfect for that. Good food, fancy places, less money!I ordered the grilled eggplant sandwich and the bestie ordered the chicken club. Both got fries, of course. NOTHING IS A BETTER ACCOMPANIMENT THAN FRIED STARCH. They make their own ketchup in house, it's not your classic Heinz flavor, it's a bit sweeter and has more of an oregano flavor, but good! The sandwiches were fantastic, recommend both!Now, the important part. Drinks. The Gladly has hundreds of different whiskeys- our booze of choice. They have different drink specials daily. Their manhattan is sweetened with a mixture of Guinness and maple syrup. Must have.
4	Sundays are the day to go. Happy Hour all day. $2.50 drafts, the infamous chopped salad is $9, and the roasted Brussels sprouts with Asiago cheese and corn grits is $5. The chopped salad lives up to its reputation. It wad so good that I will be experimenting with making this salad in the future. I really enjoyed eating the corn grits, but the Brussels Sprouts were a little too bitter for me.The duck meatloaf seemed so out of the ordinary that my husband and I just had to get it. It's definitely one of their richer entrees with the cherry glaze and foie gras sauce. The rosemary in the millet was a little overpowering, but when you eat everything together it all came together.I was pleasantly surprised that our waiter brought out 2 truffles to eat for dessert.Our waiter Patrick was just all around great! He was extremely attentive, gave suggestions when asked for recomendations, and was very happy.
5	Amazing food, great service, awesome cocktails!
3	Ok ambiance.  Mediocre food.  Super salty chicken.  Had about 1/4 of the meal and couldn't stomach anymore.
3	Good food. Great cocktails and selection of bourbons and scotches.I am going to only give them three stars though because the service was a little sketchy. Took a long time to take our order, seemed a little bit like he was trying really hard to be my friend instead of just giving me good service.I will still go back, because the food is a rare gem in Phoenix which is spotted with the blight of nasty chain establishments. Excellent appetizers, and really well put together entrees made for a robust menu with a little something for even my vegetarian date.Did not enjoy the dessert over much. Peaches are hard to bake with, so I sympathize and applaud the attempt.
2	I was so looking forward to meeting my friends for Sunday Brunch and it turned into a let's see if the waiter understands: one has still yet to order, coffee needs to be refilled, water --for goodness sakes-- we'd like/need water.  Our party of ten enjoyed the food...but the service, unlike some have stated was the worse for this restaurant and location. We had better service from bus boy.  After a couple of questions and recommendations to the house manager about our experience... it didn't seem like he cared very much that our experience in hosting our friend of NYC left a bad taste. Pun intended. I'd only give it another chance if I got a comp'ed meal and drink.  I think two-stars is still generous...but this is going out to the cook and bus boy!
5	LOVE this place!  Decided to try it out one Sunday for happy hour.  After arriving I was told it's happy hour all day on Sundays.  Hooray!  No rushing to order before the cutoff time.  The Brussels Sprouts are so, so delicious.  The grits they come with is creamy and rich.  The Original Chopped Salad is a MUST.  I was hesitant of the ingredients, but loved it!  I think my words were "I'm in heaven" as I ate.  The drinks are creative and well executed.  The Banana Creme Jar has just the right amount of banana.  The caramel on the bottom is super yummy.  The service is excellent and the ambiance is  swanky but not snooty.  Great for a romantic date night or a fun night out with friends.  Can't wait to come in for brunch!  Highly recommend.
5	Wonderful place, wonderful service! We came here for lunch before heading back home to LA & it was definitely worth being our last meal in Arizona. It's a trendy place but they accommodated the one and two year old toddlers we had with us. Brandi was absolutely amazing and very gracious with our specifications for a group of 9. Great atmosphere, and the food was absolutely amazing! The chopped salad was heavenly, and the men loved their burgers. The chicken club and pigstrami were also very good. Overall terrific place.
4	The Original Chopped Salad is the best.I recommend you try it. Also its the 1 year annisversity! Very cheap but delicious.
5	Today was my first visit to the Gladly and I must say I was very impressed and happy that there is such a great gem is in our backyard.The service was fantastic as we were a part of a group who listened to real estate professionals speak about taxes and write offs.  The gladly was so accommodating to this and were still very on top of our orders for food and drinks.  The room they put us in was perfect.  The service was great and the food was amazing.I will be back!
5	I met my cousin there for lunch this past week and it was wonderful.  The food was great and the service was awesome.  We even got a free dessert because it was THEIR birthday!!  It was a wonderful bread pudding, with vanilla ice cream and blueberry compote on top.  yumm.  Oh, we both had decided on fish tacos and they were awesome, too.  We didn't care for their jazzed up version of ketchup, so we asked for some ranch for the french fries and the waiter was very accomodating . . . it was, of course, not your regular ranch dressing.  Some kind of cilantro ranch, I think, but it was amazing!  The only negative would be the parking, but that wasn't bad enough to mark them down a star.  :)  We loved it there.
4	I've been here a few times now and in the beginning after they opened I was not a fan but that's changed and the last three or four times I have had great food with both the chopped salad and the fish tacos being hard to beat.
5	I have been to the gladly and citizen public house before. However, we decided to go back to gladly for  fall restaurant week. The gladly did amazing job and the service was wonderful. We enjoyed the brussels sprouts, chopped salad, and scallops. This is the first place in Arizona where they scallops were perfectly cooked and not chewy and gross.  They also had happy hour as well.  I would highly recommend!! Five stars!!
5	just had lunch here - my first visit.  met dd and her bf and I was glad to get a parking spot in the little lot right on Camelback at the entrance.  cool trendy interior, little patio (too hot today) and great service.  I had the Chopped Salad - so good I said I'll have to friend it on fb!  very delicious and although it looks kinda small it's very filling with the couscous and salmon etc.  dd had the ceasar salad and bf had the  ricotta and melon salad.  both looked good.  must come back some evening and bring dh as I've heard the drinks are really good!
4	I went to The Gladly last night for Arizona Restaurant Week with a friend. I'd never heard of this place, but decided to keep an open mind. This place is definitely popular with the yuppie crowd. Don't let that stop you from going to dinner here. From their specialized menu for restaurant week, my friend had the chopped salad, and I guess they're known for their chopped salad. She seemed to enjoy it. I started off with the butternut soup. It was a generous portion of deliciousness. I had the pan seared scallops, which were slightly oversalted. They came under a nice bechamel sauce and I think some blanched spinach. It was still very good. My friend got the duck meatloaf, which I stole a couple bites of. One word: wow. I'm getting that when I come back. The dessert was okay. It was a s'more style bread pudding with salted caramel ice cream. I've had better bread pudding. We also split the fondue from the regular menu. It came with bread, ham, and Asian pears. It was my first experience with fondue. It was enough for two people to enjoy. The service was excellent! Instead of asking who had ordered what course, the busboys automatically knew and placed your course in front of you. Every time someone came to check on you, they always refilled your water from the carafe they left in your table.
5	I truly liked it here....  The staff was super friendly and attentive.  It was hopping and popping when I got there.  I knew my friend got a table, but I just could not see her at all.  Then one of the managers ask if I needed help, I guess I looked lost.  I was like I am looking for my friend, she already has been sat.  He pointed to a table next over and DUH.  Yeah, she was right there.  I guess I should get my eyes checked.  Anyway, as soon as I sat down the server came to ask what I would like to drink.  Got a green ice tea.  L ordered so some appetizers came in within 5 mins I was there.  Sweet.  G was still on her way.  I ordered more appetizers off the happy hours menu...  We got:(2)SMOKED CHICKEN WINGS - Nicely cooked with juices and just delicious(2)ROASTED BRUSSELS SPROUTS - Surprising very tasty and GOOD(1)SAUSAGE, PRETZEL and CHEESE - It was good(1)PICKLED PORK TEMPLE - Looks great, but  was too stuffed to tryLove the vibe but looking for a parking spot can be tricky.
5	We had 3 glasses of wine and 3 appetizers for only $42. And everything was outta this world great. Service was great. This place is really happening right after work. We were very happy during happy hour.
4	We arrived for sunday brunch after hiking nearby. the host was totally sweet about us being in workout wear and our server appeared ASAP with ice cold water. that being said, the service was a little touch and go - really great and friendly when he came by, but kinda missing in between and hard to get his attention even when he was doing his rounds. it was pretty busy, though. the food was fantastic. they had the best OJ I've ever had in my life, fresh, sweet, light, no pulp. we also shared the burrata which was plated a little differently than described on the menu but still good. the flavors were well-balanced and I thought the serving sizes were great. they were prepping for a cocktail "summer camp" as we left, which looked like a lot of fun (the bar was packed). I also liked that it seemed like they were using "local" ingredients in addition to foods more "native" to the area (this special native American-type bread instead of English muffins in the eggs benny and also instead of pita bread with the burrata).
4	Bernie and company have done it again. I was first introduced to his superb style at Cowboy Ciao's, the he branched off to open CPH, and now the Gladly. His unique style and high quality is some of the best. Great intimate spot for food and drinks with great service.
4	Checked out this place for restaurant week, and found it to be a lovely restaurant.  Not very large, but pretty classy, with several specialty drinks to choose from.  I highly recommend the Thai margarita. The service was also top notch.  The original chopped salad did not disappoint, though it was pretty much the same as the stetson salad at Cowboy Ciao.  Also tried the chimichuri chicken, which was not bad however next time I will definitely go with the grilled filet mignon with asparagus dish, it looked amazzzzing!
4	The brussels sprouts over grits is a must! Nice wine/beverage selection, great crowd and attentive service. I will certainly return. It was *slightly* confusing getting from the parking lot through the building to the restaurant, but was definitely worth the confusion.
5	Great food and service! !  Chopped salad is a must!   I had scallops-cooked perfect and very tasty.   My husband had the fish special which was also great.   Will definitely be back if ever in Phoenix again.
5	Our table shared a bunch of different dishes and everything was delicious. Especially loved the banana pudding for dessert. Service was very helpful with the menu and friendly as well.
5	One of my favorites. Brussels, Chop Salad and Scallops is about as good as you can do anywhere.
3	I really wanted to give this place a better rating but just couldnt.  First off the staff was fantastic, very nice, very polite.  We started with the chopped salad which was amazing.  I ordered the filet and this is where the 3 stars come in.  For the price of the steak I would at least expect the meat to be prepared the way I wanted it.  I ordered medium and it was close to well done.  Now if this was the only issue then I could give a 4 star review however the steak itself did not taste well at all. This wasnt because of too much seasoning or lack of seasoning... I mean I have had steaks from Frys that taste better.  Step up your steak game and I will re-write my review...  I would probably wait for a while before I returned to give them a chance to redeem the 3 star review.
4	I visit town every few months and when I phoned my Phoenix Wingman he told me he had a new place for us to check out.  We walked in through the backside of the building and it was reminiscent of the scene of Ray Liotta in "GoodFellas".  From the minute we walked in, I was wowed.  They took over the former home of an American Steakhouse institution and nailed the renovation giving it the just right amount of hip, cool and classic design to suit the bones of the building.Here is where it gets even cooler; the place nails it.  Attractive, approachable crowd with barkeeps who pride themselves in living up to their self-imposed standards.  I happened to be wearing a shirt that had "Sazerac" on it so I had no choice to try their spin on this classic cocktail.  They did not disappoint, the dude made it with precision and pride.  We ended up talking about their desire to bring back those golden oldies where not only does it taste good, it goes down smooth.  I was so impressed by the cocktail that I did forego any of the eats and that is the only reason I only gave it 4 outta 5 stars, but it just gives me something to look forward to on my next swing through Phoenix.Great work people.P.S.  I can't believe I even forgot the best part.  The music was delicious.  As a former professional DJ for over 20 years, I found myself using my Soundhound app on several occasions.
3	Food was just okay. Definitely not worth their prices when there are so many other delicious options in the area.  Heard so many good things, but just didn't live up to the hype.
2	WELL....I have eaten here multiple times and always been happy with the staff and the food but I must say that things have changed.  Called to get a table at 10:30 pm after the play downtown.  Someone picked up and hung up times two.  Didn't deter us from stopping because we have always been treated well.  Not Friday night.  We were greated promptly and given a table.  The place was not busy.  The staff was hob nobbing with the guests.  We sat for 15 min before we were served water.  "How is the poutine?" I asked.  "I don't have a clue," he responded.  OK, so the bus boy doesn't eat poutine, I thought.  Another 15 minutes went buy without anyone coming to our table.  We got up and left.  Why bother?  We never did see a server.  Plenty of staff, but no one at our table.  Will go elsewhere next time.It was a great place but service there is a thing of the past.
4	Great little lunch spot.   Nice food,   clean & crisp ambiance.  Will be returning to explore the menu.
5	we were hoping for brunch at 1pm this sunday and we actually found it! the gladly is a small but spacious restaurant inside a large office building. we made a reservation but aside from a large party of around 12, the 5 of us were the only other customers.the servers and servers' assistants were attentive, friendly, and went as far as to dress and toss our salads!for my drink i got the sorbet mimosa. interesting. i'm not the biggest mimosa fan but i was in the mood for one and it satisfied my craving. for mimosa lovers, it would be a treat.we all split the appetizer special. it was some sort of crab cake in some sort of pumpkin sauce. i can't remember exactly how he described it but i was delish.for my meal i got the original chopped salad. yes, i had to go on Facebook to find out what was in it (the menu description is just a link to the Facebook page) but holy yum, it was really really good. and surprisingly filling for the size.for all 5 of us, the bill only came to close to $90, so be prepared to drop a little cash but it's all worth it, and it won't break the bank. also, the place is on the nicer side, but i was only wearing a t-shirt and shorts, so no need to dress-up too much.
3	We dined here on a Monday night.  I've had The Gladly on my mind to visit since it opened so it seemed fitting to come here for our wedding anniversary.  I made reservations through Open Table and noted that we would be celebrating our anniversary with them.  We had celebrated our last dating anniversary in this same building when Ruth's Chris occupied it.  We and such an awesome experience so we thought it'd be kinda cool to come back.  How different The Gladly is!  The new tenants have shed the white linens and replaced it with a cool, modern vibe.Upon arrival, I told the host we had made reservations at 7:30.  We were led to a table almost immediately, which was nice.  I ordered the short ribs and my husband ordered the filet mignon.  My short ribs were placed atop a bed of mashed sweet potatoes.  The meat was topped with pickled corn and onions.  The short ribs were cooked perfectly.  It was tender and moist.  However, it lacked a depth in flavor that I look for in a comfort food like short ribs.  The sweet potato and corn relish accompaniment was a little overwhelming, and to me, the flavors in the dish just didn't marry.My husband's filet mignon was outstanding!  They served it on mashed potatoes and asparagus.  The dish is then topped with bone marrow butter.  How awesome does that sound?!  The filet mignon I would return for!For dessert, we had the lemon verbena bar with cream cheese and berry ice cream. I really liked it and the coffee we had with it was a good pairing.Sadly, we were never greeted for our anniversary.  I put it into the reservation details, but as it turns out they never checked us in!  I got this email today from Open Table saying that we missed our reservation and they asked me to explain why.  That's a little offensive, and though I understand the importance of this, I blame the host for this since I made it a point to tell him we had reservations.  It's not the end of the world, but we could have gone anywhere for our special day, and yet we chose them!  A simple acknowledgement would have been nice.  We weren't expecting a dessert with happy anniversary scribbled in chocolate, although that would have been nice, too. :)
2	There are other choices out there Phoenix. This restaurant did not meet the hype. We showed up at 6:30pm on a Wednesday night and got seated right away. Then waited about 15 minutes for a server to even acknowledge we were sitting in her section. We were not impressed with the menu at all. Nothing sounded appetizing and we were STARVING. When our server finally took our drink order, she came back with the wrong drinks. After they fixed the drink order we ordered one appetizer, the fondue, and that's the only reason this review has 2 stars. It wasn't bad. Anyway...at first they delivered the wrong appetizer to us and that was all we needed to cut the night short and go somewhere else. Service was unimpressive and menu was "eh". Sorry Gladly, we had really high expectations, Ithink.
2	Just left after giving the Gladly's my second chance (about a year after my first visit there). My first impressions were 100% confirmed. Heavy, oversalted, somewhat unsophisticated and over-portioned food. The chef is gadding too much sauce on everything & pork and chocolate everywhere they do not belong. We ordered 3 different entries and none of us liked ours very much. The appetizers and service were good. The dessert menu was very underwhelming. So far a 3 start review. But for $50 a person all of the above is way overpriced thus a 1 star deduction. We won't be coming back.
4	My wife took me here for my birthday and we had a great experience. The whole staff was polite, fun and attentive. Our waiter Philip was awesome.Had a special appetizer, a pastrami egg roll was amazing. The Brussels sprouts over grits were also great. The pate was also delicious. And my wife's chopped salad was killer. Melon salad with ricotta wast the only mediocre dish. The ricotta just didn't have much flavor. Overall a great meal and we will be back.
5	My wife and I went to The Gladly tonight for our 28th anniversary. I made a reservation and upon arrival we were seated right away. The host poured us water as we were settling in. Within a couple minutes Philip our server arrived table side with a warm welcome and some light humor. He took our drink order and made some recommendations for an appetizer and said he would return. He recommended the smoked pork egg roll and chopped salad, both were very tasty. For dinner we both ordered the fillet, it was so flavorful and tender I swear you could cut it with a fork! We finished off with the banana creme salted caramel dessert it was over the top. Great service fabulous tasty food. Thanks Philip for the great service, what a special night we had!
5	Gladly to call it a cool hang out spot...cool drinks menu. Manhattan is my fav...gotta have some fire to it! Cheers!
5	Loved our meal and pleasantly surprised about happy hour all day Sunday :-)Followed fellow yelpers advice and ordered Brussel sprouts, chopped salad, and beef hash. All was excellent and super reasonable for two people.
4	This place was great. Awesome modern feel and super friendly service. The chop salad was amazing as was the grits with brussel sprouts. REALLY great.We also had the Pastrami hash and it was also fantastic, a little light on the pastrami and heavy on the hash would be my only nitpick there.Will def be back for the Brussel Sprouts and Salad!
4	The place was cold but the service was good. Had a ribeye steak special and burger both were good. The steak special was well overpriced at $40 wish they would have told that.  Our third time here and still not impressed.
5	This restaurant is one of my go-to spots in the Phoenix/Biltmore area. My favorite thing about what The Gladly does are their cocktail dinner pairings. I've been hooked since their The Masters of Whisky dinner last year in October.  The food here is always amazing and ask for any specials that they have for the evening, but I always start with their pork belly appetizer.
4	Really great food for the price.  Good service.  Attractive space.  What else could you ask for?
5	Me and my partner absolutely LOVE it here.  They treat us great and the food is amazing.  I almost always get the steak filet which comes on a bed of mashed potatoes with asparagus and bone marrow butter.  It's amazing!   Kat, she's our favorite, will make you feel welcome and comfortable!  Highly recommended.
4	This is my very first time here and I would highly recommend this restaurant. Everything was perfect. I had the scallops over grits and it was delicious. Our server was excellent. He knew their menu, knew what we would like, and made excellent choices for us. Ambiance is gorgeous and they have an outside patio area for eating as well.
5	Looking for a place to have lunch and enjoy the downtown corporate environment? This is the place! I had the pleasure of enjoying the eggs and grits cooked in truffle oil with bacon and was very satisfied! Would recommend 10/10
5	Tonight was the first time for my husband and I to visit. From start to finish, our service with Cat was OVER THE TOP! We could not have been more pleased or better taken care of. She was so thoughtful, extremely helpful, and definitely left us wanting to come back. The food was incredibly (especially for gluten free people) and the drinks were incredible. We also met with the events coordinator, Robin, to talk about our next corporate happy hour! It's rare to find this kind of service- can't wait to go back!!!
5	My new favorite place. The filet is awesome. And the chimichurri chicken is delicious. I've been back several times since discovering it and will be back many times more. After having just had a subpar experience at the Henry tonight, I was so wishing we had chosen the Gladly instead.
4	Booked the venue for a 30th based on yelp reviews.  From start to finish our experience was wonderful. Venue was accommodating and, upon arrival, beautiful. Robin, the event coordinator, had taken a our requests and executed perfectly, inclusive of a special meal for someone with dietary requirements.  Servers were impressive both for their attentiveness and for their good nature. Meals were incredible; medium rare filet mignon was the standout hit. Excellent wine list, though more Australian reds could always be added. Rave reviews from diners regarding the cocktails throughout the night.  Will be back.
4	We started with a spot of butternut squash soup.  It wasn't much to look at but it was very tasty presented in tiny mugs with little walnut and bacon(?) on top.  The next course was lamb riblets.  They were pretty good with the pickled onions.  The meat doesn't really fall off the bone and the cut is pretty fatty so there isn't much meat on them.  So beware if you're on a date needing to impress!The chopped salad as always is one of my favorite things to get here and at the Citizen Public House.  I chose the scallops as my entree which was also very awesome.  They were super soft served on a bed of grits and rapini(?).  I was going to pack up half of it but plowed right through because it was so delicious.  Dessert was bread pudding which came with a delicious caramel sauce.  It was actually quite dense for a bread pudding, it came out more like a cheese cake.  The bits with sauce and caramelization was very good, however, the rest of it was just a big old sponge that wasn't worth the calories to me.I noticed the venue did a much better job in putting up signs and instruction for when you enter the restaurant from the parking lot (the old Ruth Chris entrance).  The service was top notch.  I think this may be one of the better restaurants in Phoenix and happy hour is definitely worth a visit.
5	Met up with some Yelpers here for a UYE.  A Saturday happy hour.  I was really surprised how few people were in the restaurant.  It really did not get busy until after happy hour was over.  With happy hour pricing on select drinks and appetizers it was quite affordable.  I had chicken wings and Brussels sprouts and shared a desert.  Everybody was happy with the food they got.  I had a couple of beers while some folks had wine or the drink of the day, which those who had it liked it.  Service was excellent the entire time.
4	I'm pleased to see that the tech industry's obsession with adverbs has now spilled over into the hospitality industry. Gladly joins the rareified ranks of weebly, optimizely, bitly, and every sub-domain registered in Libya. True to form they've adopted a semi hispter modern aesthetic, clean cool lines with just a touch of texture here and there and a few potted succulents to bring some life to it all. Coming from Williamsburg, I was a big fan of the interior/ambiance.Cocktails here also seem to be something you come for. The bartenders all know what they're doing (and probably refer to themselves as mixologists.) The Manhattan was execellent, boozy but sweet enough to be highly drinkable. The Mule was a big winner as well, spruced up with a bit of seasonal herbs that elevated the whole drink quite nicely. I was a little off put by the mixing of multiple high quality whiskeys in one drink, it seemed a little sacriligeous, but I'm sure it's delicious. Foodwise the big winners were:The Original Chopped Salad*Seared Spicy TunaSeared ScallopsDuck meat loafThe seared spicy tuna app, had a mix of sweet, savory, and spicy elements that were just fantastic. Like they should expand this item out into a full blown salad and I would eat the shit out of it.Scallops were super high quality, large, and the bed of grits really won me over. The duck meat loaf honestly was just a fancy meatloaf, but it was an incredible amount of food, so if you're going for value this is not a bad choice. I couldn't finish even half of it.Speaking of value, their happy hour specials here (3-6pm daily) look ridiculous. I'll definitely have to come back for that. As well, seating on a Friday night at 7pm wasn't an issue, so that's always nice.*The originality of this chopped salad seems to be a point of local debate, which I have no interest in entering into. So I'll just point that out and promptly exit the debate.
5	Excellent menu, wonderful food and courteous service.  We always have a good experience at the Gladly.
4	We have been wanting to go to The Gladly for a while now and finally had the opportunity to for New Years Eve. It was an absolutely fabulous experience!I'll start with the service (because it was so good that it deserves to be mentioned). Our waitresses, Cecelia, was great the whole time we were there. She answered all the questions we had regarding their menu items & was spot on with the recommendations that she made.I ordered the Moscow Mule to drink & it was delicious. This was my first Moscow Mule ever so I have nothing to compare it to but I enjoyed what was given to me. It was refreshing & enjoyable.The food -For our first course, we opted to get the original chopped salad since that's what the restaurant is know for. It's a very unique salad with a variety of flavors & textures. It actually confused me at first that the corn was so crunchy but I guess it made for a healthier alternative to crunchy croutons! They were right in suggesting to mix the salad up well to get a nice balance in very bite. I'd definitely order this again!For the second course, I ordered the Chimichurri chicken & my date got the Duck Meatloaf. I tried some of the meatloaf and wasn't a fan because I don't like duck, however my date really enjoyed it. Not too many comments on my part about it other than: it  was very tender and I could cut through it with a fork. The grainy mash (for lack of better description) underneath it was also tasty and it made for a good balance with the sauce and meatloaf. The chicken dish was phenomenal! The potatoes came in a spicy delicious sauce and went so well with the chicken and the spices in the Chimichurri rub. It was a really hearty dish with lots of flavors packed in. My date tried some and liked it better than the meatloaf. I'd definitely recommend it & would order it again in the future.Their dessert for NYE was different than what's on their regular menu; it was good as well. I'd say that the main dishes were the highlights of the entire experience. We will be back!
4	Loved this place! The drinks were great and the appetizers were amazing. We were there for quite a while and had a great time and felt very welcome and comfortable.
5	From the moment we walked through the front door we were greeted by the friendly, welcoming face of Lex (who we later learned was the Asst. GM). Our server, Tim, was fun, knowledgeable, patient and attentive. The gentleman clearing dishes and making certain were always hydrated was so sweet and thoughtful and had a great smile! The entire crew worked together seamlessly and the ambiance was warm, comfortable and inviting to all people. The food was incredible! We started with the Original Chopped Salad, Sausage, Brioche Pretzel and Cheese and Butternut Squash Soup. Unbelievable flavors in each dish. I am not a fan of seafood so I was going to refrain from the Original Chopped Salad due to salmon being an ingredient. Tim was fabulous (and very attentive, as I mentioned above) and offered me the chopped salad with chicken instead of salmon and I was thrilled! It was delicious! For our main entrees there were two filet mignon ordered and both were a true medium rare and medium, as ordered. My partner ordered the pan seared scallops and said they were done to perfection. I had the Chimichurri Chicken. It was subtlety spicy and the flavors were beyond my expectations! Everything was prepared and presented beautifully.  I haven't mentioned the cocktails yet...if you enjoy adult beverages, then check out the Old Man and the Sea, the Seasonal Moscow Mule and the Hand Crafted Sangria (and the Irish Coffee was fantastic after dinner!!). If you choose not to indulge in alcohol, then the jasmine iced tea and the coffee were delicious as well! We ended the evening with mouthwatering desserts. We ordered the S'mores Bread Pudding and the Lemon Verbena Bar. A perfect ending to a perfect evening! The entire evening from beginning to end was a delight. We will certainly share our experience and we will be enjoying more of The Gladly! A big thank you to the impressive crew! You made it a fabulous, special event.
5	FINALLY, a new restaurant here in PHX that isn't just like all the others (e.g. The Vig, North, Yard, Windsor, Tuck Stop.....).  This restaurant has both great service, and great food, something that is missing in at ALL the other hipster restaurants that have been popping up over the last few years.For starters, they accept reservations, even for small parties.  None of this 45 minute wait for mediocre food/service, we barely made it through the door before they were walking us to our table. There was plenty of parking, and no mandatory $ valet.  As you know, service can make or break the meal, and Phillip did an amazing job at entertaining, and informing us.  He could make any of the aforementioned restaurants a palatable place to eat.  His combination of wit and wisdom kept you guessing on what he'd say next.  The bus staff was clearly on-top of everything, as our every needs were met before we realized we needed something.Our table had: Duck Meatloaf, Short Ribs, Cobia fish dish, Chopped Salad, and Kale Salad.  Everything was perfectly created, cooked, and presented.  It's a bit pricy to be going weekly, but I certainly will be going back monthly.
