4	Cool place with a good selection of mountain/road bikes.  Also good for maintenance and tune ups it looks like - the staff knows there stuff.I'm still "dipping" my feet in the water as far as cycling goes, but I've gotten some socks from here and will stick with my cycle classes for now before plunging head first and buying a bike.I think any specialty bike store tends to be expensive, but you do get a quality bike and some sound advice if you are just starting out.
4	When it comes to bicycle maintenance and repair, I'm a novice.  I'm sure I have novice written on my forehead. Anyways, I went to Ultimate Bicycle to purchase a new back tire for my mountain bike having never visited a bike shop (and thus not knowing what to expect).   I was quickly greeted by the owner (I'm assuming) and asked what I needed.  "I, uh, I need a new tire for my bike, sir".  Why do I still get socially awkward at 28??  I brought in the bicycle and the gracious fellow showed me some options based on terrain I biked.  I opted for a smoother tread of tire (for less than X Games conditions) and it was installed in a few minutes, setting me back $40 for tire & labor.  Not too shabby.  The owner suggested I return if I have any problems or need any other biking supplies.  Hope they're still open when the front tire needs replacement.....
5	Want to receive top notch service from a knowledgeable, professional staff?  You're in the right place then!!!  These guys deliver and then some!  I brought my bike there twice for annual maintenance so when I was seeking a rack for the top of my car to haul my kayak around, I went to them for help.  AND I only had two days to complete the project before leaving that state!  Impressively, they pulled it all together and assembled it for me and I couldn't be happier with the service I received!  Thank you "Crash" and Owner dude!  Sorry, I don't know your names ... how awful is that!  Anyway, I appreciate your help and wanted everyone to know!
5	Bought 3 bikes from Ultimate over the years.  The key in a bike purchase is the service you receive in the following years. The service dept is excellent and I get free adjustments when needed.  Mike the owner and the other employees are very friendly.  They have a wide variety of bikes and accessories.  Can't go wrong with them.
5	When my 9 year-old needed a new bike, I didn't hesitate to bring him here after having bikes serviced here in the past. We walked in, and within 5 minutes, a great sales person pulled out a bike and had my son up and test driving it in the parking lot.  We bought his bike as well as a helmet and riding gloves, which we got 10% off with the purchase of our bike. We were ecstatic with the service and the bike. We will be purchasing all of our future bikes at Ultimate!This is heads and tails above the awful service I've gotten at the bike shop up at Park Road Shopping Center. In fact, we started there, but after waiting 30 minutes without so much as a single sales person acknowledge that we were there, let alone asking if we needed any help, we left and swore to never return. Apparently that store had no interest in selling children's bikes. Now, Ultimate's bikes are a little more than you'll spend at a typical big box retailer, but you get what you pay for in the way of excellent sales advice, service and product selection.
5	The team at Ultimate Bicycle was great. I dropped off my Decathlon street bike and mountain bike that I have had for over ten years for q quick seasonal tuneup. They took care of both of them to phenomenal standards, they even ended up charging me less because one o them required less work than what they anticipated. Very stand up group of people.
5	I could not be more pleased. I took in a used road bike that my son let me borrow for a while. It had what I thought would be some major issues. Two hours later the bike rides like new. A great place to go for a bike tune up!!
