5	Support your local business & go here! Jay is awesome! He's knowledgeable about his products, his liquids have a REAL taste to them & his prices are good. He takes his time to help you and answers all your questions. He's not just trying to push product on you, either. It's a newer business so he's still building it up, but he DOES have quality products none the less. I've been to other places (not going to mention names), and their products either leave a bad after taste or are horribly watered down. Their product is awesome, but it would be nice to see more flavors which I know he'll have in time. Check them out!
5	This place is so cool and the owner help me pick out some of the best styff at a great price
5	AMAZING! the owner here really knows his stuff. he knows what hes doing and there is a great atmosphere in there !
5	This place rocks!  Jay is very helpful and his products are great!  I will always shop for my Vape supplies here.
5	I love that you can "sample" the favors before you buy. Great customer service! Jay was very helpful and answered all of our questions. We will always come back to Up In Vapor!
5	Up in Vapor was one of my vapor stops today. They are supposedly open starting 12, i came around 12:40 and they were closed, but things happen, and they showed up shortly after i arrived. I came in just to test a couple flavors and see what they have to offer. I really dig their Black Cherry. Add some drops of menthol in there and it would be great! Too bad their mixer wasn't in at the time.The interior is relaxing with a few bar stools, a black leather couch on one wall and a nice chair across from it. I kind of got a vintage feel for it, probably the wrong word and probably not even a vintage setup but it felt a little vintage and nice to me, especially the wood showcases.The products sold here at this time were some variable voltage mods, starter kits, a few accessories like chargers, lanyards and some cases. I saw some nice tanks in stock such as some vivi novas, and the protank II. I talked with Jay and he mentioned getting some mechanical mods in soon.Customer service is great, everyone here is friendly and knowledgeable. Prices are typical $10 a bottle or 3 bottles for $25. Definitely try some of their flavors, what you read on the bottle such as Black Cherry, it will taste like Black Cherry. Thorough accurate taste, of course everyone's taste buds are different though.It may be a ways out, but if you're in the area, come check this place out. 5/5
1	Very unhappy with the service I have recieved. I was a loyal customer until today. I had a defective battery that has come apart and the owner Jay is not willing to replace it. He claims he can't replace it for free.... My thought is if you want to keep a loyal customer wouldn't you want to take care of them. I have sent all of my friends to his shop and he can't do anything for me.... I will no longer be visiting Up In Vapor in Henderson!!! I will find a new e-cigg shop to go to from here on out. He will never recieve my or any of my friends business ever again! I will be sure to let everyone I know know NOT to go there.
1	Customer service will make or break a small business. This one was a fail. I bought a $30 battery and it stopped working after 2 weeks. Took it in within 30 days and was told they do not provide a warranty on their products. Waste of money. I'll go to one of the million other shops popping up on every corner.
5	If you want the highest quality ecig products you have to check out Up In Vapor. Very knowledgable and helpful when it comes to your needs as a client. If you want all the info on ecig do's and don'ts check them out first. It will save you time and frustration other businesses have caused me!
1	Do not shop here. Everything is way overpriced. I've been ripped off too many times by these guys. You can go right around the corner and find the same products for the same price at ANY vape shop.
1	DO NOT GO HERE ! 40$ for a battery that breaks 6 days later and with receipt won't return ! Completely over priced .. I'm sure it will nonlinear be in business in a couple of months with this customer service !
5	Clean and to the point. No beating around the bush at an attempt to show u every product they offer. I got exactly what I wanted at a good price and enjoyed the customer service very much. Highly recomend going here!!
1	It's 4:50 and these guys are closed on a Tuesday. The sign says Monday they are closed. This is the second time I have came by and they where closed and they say they are open from 12pm-7pm not even long hours and no body is Operating the business. I am giving them a 1 star because this is the second time being here and no answer. I bought a top for my pen from these guys before when they where open and It was decent. I ended up getting a different one that has lasted a lot longer and better for my use. Bummer these guys are not operating this business right.
4	walked in and was greeted , he was very nice.Jay was top notch. He walked me thru on which one is the best for vapors and gave me some more juice. I will be back every time I need more juice thanks again
