3	Let me just say, in general I love Subway, always have. Used to work at one as a matter of fact, during my college days back in Austin - the one on the corner of 29th and Guadalupe next to Toy Joy, the best Subway EVER. The problem with Subway is the lack of consistency from store to store. The good ones can be really, really good - super fresh veggies, generous helpings, clean inside...  and the bad ones can be just as bad. Well, this one - the one in the Fry's shopping center on the southeast corner of Ray and Rural, is somewhere in the middle. Can't really rave or complain about any of those things.What did bug me about this particular location were a couple of the employees who insisted on giving me a hard time for not eating meat - especially when I ordered the veggie patty. They made faces when pulling it out of the wrapper, ask me what was in it, get grossed out when I told 'em... and then pretty much challenge my quasi-vegetarian views, which wasn't really why I was there, you know? I just wanted my damn sandwich, no questions asked. Now, that being said, I do have to give them credit for even having the veggie patty on their menu in the first place, as not all Subways across the valley are considerate enough to do so...
4	I know!  Why am I reviewing a chain sandwich shop... it's not that I'm reviewing this specific location, I'm here to expound the delight of the Veggie Max!I've always ordered the Italian BMT but loaded w/ tons of veggies.. but an Indian veg friend clued me in to the Veggie Max (not the regular.. MAX).  Comes with veggie patties, which mentally and seems to be physically filling as well...   tip:  This sandwich isn't meant for saving and eating later... few hours later, my cold veg patty is as hard as a rock... not sure if I should wonder why...
1	I like the sandwhiches and salads but they do not have any low fat balsamic vinegrette dressing! Thats the only king of dressing i like! last time i was there i had to eat my salad without dressing and soda i had was totally flat!!
3	Good cheap eats for a quick meal getaway. Ordered a foot long sweet onion teriyaki chicken sub with all the works. Took a longer time than usual but was made right.
