5	Stopped in to check out the new West side location. LOVE IT. Love it.It's like a warehouse of alcohol! They have everything. There were about 3 aisles each of wine and beer alone. Plus, every kind of liquor you could possibly need -- even those ingredients needed for classic cocktails, like chartreuse, maraschino, and pastis.To top it all off, their prices are quite reasonable. At first, I was surprised to see that their sale prices only knocked off a buck of two. But then I realized that their base prices were a lot lower than what you'd find in stores and specialty stores. So they didn't  have a whole lot of markup to work with.I could have spent a great deal of money there, but I was able to restrain myself, and left with just a bottle of 100 proof vodka and a bottle of jager. However, I'll definitely be back when I have some spare cash, and want to stock my pitiful bar.
3	They use the same SKU number for several different products.  It's moronic that they would do this, because it means that something that is listed as "in stock" is actually a different product, thereby wasting your time on a trip to this store.  This was the 2nd location in the valley, and they're not doing a good job of holding up to Total Wine down the street.  They adjusted some of their prices after this, but it's rough going for them.Nice corner location and the shop is relatively clean, though lines can be too long at times.
3	It's a freaking huge liquor, beer, and wine store. You know what to expect. I love the selection, even though I have trouble finding some flavors of vodka (Pinnacle Cherry, Three Olives Purple). The staff is helpful as far as helping you find something, but I think I can teach them a thing or two about booze. And that's not saying much.Anyways, I think the keg selection is where this place shines. If you're doing something last-minute, you can find a domestic on the spot. Give it a few days in advance and you could be looking down a barrel of Dos Equis, Blue Moon, or even cider. Not my favorite store, but I can't go wrong.Protip: Be daring and get a fancy cigar for a special occasion. Just not the cheap ones.
4	Normal Bev Mo.  The employees like most locations are pretty helpful and actual know what they are talking about, especially beers.  Problem is Bev Mo has a little too much of a crush on CA.  A lot of their beers and wine are focused on that region.  A little diversification from local and CA would be nice.  That being said, there are a lot of great beers from CA and they do a decent job of choosing them.Loving beer I will obviously go back for more, and new "bombers"
5	As a Washingtonian stepping into BevMo!, I feel like a kid stepping into a candy store. Washington is one of those states that only state-owned and run liquor stores can actually sell hard alcohol. The prices are pretty steep and the selection can be spotty. Only recently have we been able to buy liquor on Sundays. Yes, really. I guess the bar isn't very high when it comes to places that sell liquor. So why the five star rating, you ask? I'm quite impressed with the selection of beer, wine, and the extensive selection of liquor. I must admit, I have been a little homesick (for beer, not rain) and it brought a little tear to my eye to find some of my beloved micros that I usually can only find in the Pacific Northwest on the shelves at BevMo!. It also doesn't hurt that the two times I've been here, they've had some really tasty wines on sale - buy one, get one for a nickel. When the sales associate mentioned this to me, I swear I could hear the Hallelujah Chorus playing. It was Cold Play, but whatever. I'd love to try more of the sale selection, but I do only have one liver.
1	if you drink wine this is not the place to go . All four bottles I purchased were heated or in beer words Skunked I did notice tasty liquors were very cheapo will NEVER buy wine from this place
4	Total wine has a better selection SORRY!
5	Great imported beer selections..... and my favorite thing to do there..........partake in their complimentary vodka or tequila tastings!!!! I just wish they were open later than 9pm. Oh well, forces you to get your drink on early LOL!
4	I was in a mad search to find Cock & Bull Ginger Beer during the holidays and come to find out Bevmo was the only place I could find that carries it. Unfortunately, it took multiple calls to different locations to find any in stock. Evidently, there is a guy out there who was one step ahead of me and is buying out the entire supply.  Either I need to off the competition or we need to become friends. But really, I'm more interested in dibs on the supply. So my last call was to this BevMo location and I was happy to hear they had plenty in stock and will continue to carry it with shipments every Thursday. BevMo, I really heart you for carrying our number one choice of ginger beer which allowed me to put together the best Moscow Mule gift package. You also taught me what a jigger was. How could I have been so stupid? Cock & Bull Moscow Mule:32 oz Mason Jar (fill with Ice cubes)2 Jiggers vodka  1/2 fresh squeezed LimeTop off with Cock & Bull Ginger BeerEnjoy!
5	Seriously, what's not to like at these stores.  Crazy selection, educated staff, nice and clean.  Cold stock ready to drink.  $.05 wine sales.  Dang!
4	I'm an American expat in the UK. You will very rarely find anything like BevMo in the UK or anywhere in Europe. Americans have a reputation abroad of doing everything bigger, louder, etc. Well BevMo you're an alcoholics dream. Fortunately for me who works in the industry, this is the perfect place to hit up when I want to introduce friends and family to my company's brands, especially those who rarely frequent bars.While I have primarily been to East Valley locations on previous visits home, I am writing this review due to today's great experience. I am a bridesmaid for an upcoming wedding in Phoenix. However, since I'm over 5,000 miles away I will be missing out on the bachelorette weekend. Although I won't be present, I thought I would arrange the alcohol for the ladies.First hurdle: BevMo's policy is that you cannot use a virtual credit cardSecond hurdle: I needed to ensure that my cousin would be able to pick up the order on my behalf (because I'm on the other side of the world)Third hurdle: I couldn't use my UK registered credit card on the BevMo websiteAfter calling and emailing the store, and finally getting the BevMo website to cooperate, I was able to process the order. Chris at the Glendale store turned around my order within minutes and confirmed my cousin would be able to pick it up without any issues. Crisis averted.Cheers BevMo!
5	Excellent experience.  Had a $10 off $50 for wine purchase.   James helped us pick out some great wines on the 5 cent sale. Check out was far and efficient.   Great all around.
3	Boooo.  They don't carry Boones Farm!  I'm sorry but I like something cheap with a fruity taste.
4	Definitely a fan of any establishment that serves alcohol lol! That was my first time in this store, I really liked the HUGE selection of wine, liquor, and more importantly BEER! I am huge fan of craft brews nothing packaged or too label for me, no thanks.I cam by for a tasting of San Tan brewery's seasonal tour brews, they were all great. I only got a quick sip of the heavy D, but it was enough for me to be headed back with my growler when those kegs come in for sure! Not a bad price either for a growler fill, only 16 dollars, any craft brew fans need to make the trip, well worth it!Place has a friendly and professional staff, I asked about different wine selections and was surprised by the huge knowledge one of the employees had of wine and good food to go along with the wine. The manager let me know about an online fan following called "Glendale growlers", which lets customers know all about the next beer and wine tasting events, I'll be keeping an eye out for the next one.
5	You can check stock online before heading to the store.  This helps a lot, especially when looking for a hard to find liquor like Damiana.  Since not sold in Michigan, I tracked down the last bottle on my side of town before leaving.I walked in, early in the morning and a employee was easy to find and eager to help.  I was in and out in 10 minutes - that included my quick check down the Malbec aisle for anything that stuck out at me.  Cashier looked up my membership and I was out the door.  Great visit.
4	I'm out in Arizona for 2 weeks coaching baseball at the USA Junior Olympics and thank God I found a BevMo. They had lots of good beer that I was able to get and stock the fridge with but lots of my favorite craft beers they didn't have in stock and the manager said they really can't get them because the craft beer scene out here isn't big yet.
5	Just about anything you could want liquor wise.  They have a Huge selection of all the regular stuff plus several versions of the "fancy" bottles of the most popular liquors.  Anywhere from a rye version of a favorite of mine called Angels Envy (Burbon) to Louis the 13th $2,500 bottle of Cognac.  I never have to worry about NOT finding something, but sometimes I find a bit too much!   I love the selection, helpful staff, and even the prices are reasonable.  Some of the stuff I haven't seen elsewhere, but this particular location had decent prices for all the usual suspects.  I would highly recommend trying them first if you are in the area and need something interesting, or even just a good 'ol stand by.I don't know for sure because I've never done it, but I think you can also have them special order something if they don't have it (most liquor stores do and this one seems to have the chops for that kind of thing).
2	This review is based off my experience renting a keg/tap from this store.I called about a week prior to my event, and whoever answered the phone was very abrupt and rude. I later learned that this was the store manager! I ordered a half keg of beer with a tap and no tub. When I went to pick up the keg and tap, I was rang up by Amy, the store manager (the same person I talked to on the phone, who took my order). She only rang up the keg; when one of the associates was helping me get the keg into my car (he is the only reason I'm giving 2 stars instead of 1), I asked him if the tap is included. He said no, and I told him that I ordered the keg with a tap. He looked at the order form ATTACHED to the keg and said that I was correct. I had to go back into the store and pay for the tap rental separately. Throughout the whole process, from ordering over the phone to delivering the keg and tap back to the store, Amy was always extremely rude and abrasive. I would recommend that she take a few customer service classes, as I was almost in disbelief when I learned that she is the store manager.It's safe to say I will not be returning to BevMo if I ever need a keg. I went with them over Total Wine because they were cheaper, but it's worth it to just spend the extra money so that you can receive the correct order and great service.
5	Staff here is awesome especially Edward, Jeff, and Victoria.  These three always go out of their way to help the customer.
1	Worst experience ever.My boyfriend and I went to BevMo on 12/22/14 to buy everclear for the holidays. They had the higher proof version (190) for the same price as the 151 at Total Wine, so we were stoked! Unfortunately after we went through the check out process, they decided to not sell the alcohol to us, due to one of us only having a vertical drivers license as an ID. We're both well over the age limit to buy alcohol, but they refused the sale to either one of us. The total was originally $21, they placed a $30 hold on my card and today I find out that Bevmo POSTED THE CHARGE TO MY CARD. THEY HAD TO CANCEL/VOID THE SALE. SO NOW, RIGHT BEFORE CHRISTMAS, WE'RE OUT THE $30. I'm still in shock over how terrible of a business this is.Unethical treatment, and stealing of people's hard earned money is no way to run a business. AVOID AT ALL COST!Additionally, Fry's Food and Drug carries the 190 Everclear for $2 less than BevMo (just to give you another reason to never go there again.)Here's hoping I saved someone the hassle of dealing with this dishonest merchant.
