5	Come here.  Order the Chicken Shawarma WITH EXTRA GARLIC SAUCE and I garauntee you will not be disappointed.  The vegetarian sampler is also a great choice for starters (more than enough for three).Whoever did their decorating had a rare talent for turning stomachs (they apparantly really like the SUNS purple and yellow uniforms), but this is completely counteracted upon by the great food and the warm local feel of the place in general.  Good stuff.
4	Great Gyros.  Fast & Friendly service.  Mini-mart & desserts attached to cafe.
3	Good food here at Phoenicia.  But aloof, questionable and almost dismissive service kind of ruins an ordinarily positive experience. Like others say in their reviews the chicken shawerma and accompanying garlic sauce were pretty good.  I found the chicken to be a bit greasy and a bit overcooked - almost dry.  The sauce was a nice surprise, and wouldn't you know it, it was gone much sooner than I anticipated.  The chicken and garlic sauce left me otherwise unspeakable (Hello, my name is Dragonbreath) and burping the rest of the day.  But with food this good I had no regrets.  The saffron rice  was a winner, but the pita was a bit dry. It's kind of modest inside with brightly colored booths.  The wait during lunch time can be a bother.  We waited around for about 10 minutes and had to flag someone down since the guy was wrapped up at the cash register the whole time.  We were never given refills throughout our lunch -- only at the end when our table was cleared, and we were lingering for a half hour.
5	There's no shortage of options if you want Middle Eastern food in Tempe, especially around ASU. Luckily there's no confusion about which one is THE BEST.Not only is this the best Middle Eastern retaurant in The Valley, it's also MY FAVORITE RESTAURANT IN ALL OF TEMPE. The chicken Shwarma is delicious, and the hummus is the best in the state. For a cheap meal, try the "hommus deluxe" with chicken or lamb. It eats like a meal. Tack on a delightful staff, and a comfortable atmosphere, and what you have is probably the most underrated restaurant in Arizona."Best hummus", "best Middle Eastern food", "best restaurant in Tempe", "most underrated"...I know, that's a lot of superlatives - this place deserves each one.
3	I love mediterranean food.  A lot.  But for some reason I'd never quite found myself at the Phoenicia before today.  A friend invited me, I was excited to try something new so we made a go of it.I had the gyros pita, which was pretty good.  Not the best ever, not the best in Phoenix metro. But it was still good.  My friend went with the Lentil soup and the vegetarian platter (Tabouleh, Hummus and Babaganoush served with a generous pile of pita bread).  I tried the hummus and babganoush and I'm more partial to Cafe Istanbul on both counts but to each their own.  The place was clean, I liked the yellow and purple tables a lot and the service was decent.  They have fresh squeezed carrot juice which I enjoyed quite a bit.  The water however was unfiltered tap water and awful in the way that all Tempe tap water is consistently awful.
4	An exceptional value!  I have been meaning to try this place for a while, and I am glad I finally got around to it!  I found this restaurant to be a perfect combination of fast food and casual dining.  There are nice, clean tables and a pleasant atmosphere.  Our waiter was very competent and friendly.  The food was not exceptionally high quality, but it was GOOD and it was filling and large.  I ate a falafel pita boat wrap, which was delicious and large for about $4.  This place is perfect for students on a budget, but the food is very good too!
5	Best mediterranean food EVER! I used to live across the street on Forest Avenue and I never ate here. I had no idea what I was missing. Now that I live 20 mlies away I make the treck to Tempe for this delicious food. Best. Food. Ever. Seriously.
3	Good, but no Sahara.The falafel is a little dry.  The garlic sauce is good.  I'd never noticed the service being particularly bad, but whatever.  I like being able to sit around and not feel the wait staff hovering when I eat.  Call me unpatriotic if you must.  Cheap lunch if you don't mind garlic breath all the live long day (and usually I don't).
4	Their baklava will make your knees buckle. And that's all I gots to say about that.
3	The food is good, but obviously not very memorable. The only thing I do remember is the creepy guy staring at me the entire time while I ate my vegetarian platter. The mango lassi was pretty tasty. Definitely a good place for lunch and the outside seating is great for those nice Arizona winter days.
5	I am the antithesis of a vegetarian, but I tried their falafel today and it is AMAZING. Such great flavor. I agree with others that it is a bit dry, but the accompanying sauce does the trick. And that garlic sauce--whoa, I'm definitely not getting any love any time soon.I also tried the "hommus deluxe" with chicken today. That's the creamiest hummus I've ever had. Wow, so flavorful and the chicken was grilled perfectly. My girlfriend and I shared and still had extra falafel and hummus. I usually get a gyro pita boat. I've never had a gyro with so much meat...a definite plus for me. Wait, I lie, the chicken schwarma at Pita Jungle is comparable in size and filling. Maybe I'll go there tomorrow.Back to the matter at hand. This place is mighty tasty and cheap to boot. The service, in my experience, has always been good, if not great. And for being so close to Mill, you have to try this place because it a) isn't a chain, b) doesn't smell like sewer, and c) isn't consistently packed and loud.
1	I stopped here after Lunch for some Baklava.......well........That was by far the WORST Baklava I've ever eaten.I was so disappointed, after reading the reviews I was expecting something that would knock my socks off.I ordered 1 piece of walnut and 1 piece of pistachio. They looked perfect (see pics) Boy are looks deceiving, I bit into soaking sticky wet Goosh, it was so soggy and stale at the same time, I literally spit it out along with the next bite of the pistachio piece, both not worthy of swallowing, it was that bad!I guess I'm spoiled, nobody makes Baklava better than my Mom or my Gramps, I need to make a trip home.1 star for their Baklava, I'll have to go back to rate the food,maybe.
3	The chicken shwarma, kaftta and hommus deluxe are excellent. The garlic sauce is so good I want to drink it. Can you smell my breath from here?Awesome staff and a cool store in the back. Try the cookies and the baklava, they're delicious.
3	They were very accommodating here.  We had a group of 30 come in unexpectedly, and they had no problem putting all the tables together and splitting all of the bills.  One thing that was a little off was our waitress was very sick.  She even told us she was but that there was no one else to take her place so she had to work.  Hmmmm....please don't sneeze on my food.  I got the Shish Kabob for $5.75 (Tender cubes of Marinated Lamb Grilled and served with Vegetable, Pickles, & Tangy Garlic Sauce).  It wasn't enough food for me but I think I eat more than the average person.  It was really good and the pitas looked incredible, loaded with tons of meat.  Everyone in our group was pretty satisfied.
4	Yay! I'm a fan! BIG time. This was some seriously delicious experience. There are a lot of Mediterranean/Middle Eastern places out there but hanging a few pictures on the walls and putting Hummus on the menu does not automatically make it so. This place is for real. Coming from NYC and Brooklyn i had ate at my fair share of this kinda places and this one surely keeps up the mark. Think of a college town joint and prices with Scottsdale taste. Service was great too - Never annoying but we could see the guy glancing at our table often to note if something was needed. They even let us keep the car in their lot as we went on exploring neighborhood. Not a damn thing bad about this place. Why not 5 stars? I think it could be a bit more authentic and a bit less cheesy. But in reality it does not matter when food shows up. "I like"
3	Something wrong with watching the war on the news, hearing about  Israel bombing the shit out of Gaza, and a Palestinian girl serving you dinner at the same time. That is precisely what I did tonight at Phoenicia, though not exactly on purpose. The first thing we noticed walking in is how surprisingly nice and clean the place is for a middle eastern restaurant. Seriously, it's really tidy. The second thing I noticed is how odd the waitress was acting. She had to be on something crazy. She was practically running to do things and there were only 3 tables in the place, all busy eating... just bazaar. She was not very friendly but a competent waitress nonetheless. She said things like "you ready yet?" and "give me your cup so I can get you more soda." Whatever, at least she was doing her job well. I had the shish kafta which is basically a shisk kebob in a sandwich form. It was very good with a nice mix of veggies and good hummus. The only complaint from me is the lettuce they used was of mediocre quality, and I like the way they built it, with the veggies on the inside. Nothing is worse than when your veggies all fall off because they don't have anything to hold them in. What a novel idea, put the meat on top and use that to hold everything in there. I can't believe I've never thought of that myself when I make pita sandwiches. Leave it to the Mexicans, those buggers can figure out how to make a rocket ship out of duct tape and cat hair I swear.Side story, I had to replace a window screen on my 3rd floor and I called like 10 screen companies and none of them would do it. Finally I got the nerve to buy a screen at Home Depot and pay a Mexican to put it on. He and a friend climbed the damned tree out front and put it on a stick. While holding it in place with one stick, they used another one to turn the fasteners and lock it into its fittings. Fucking a.... 10 professionals couldn't do it, but the first Mexican day laborer I get figures it out in 5 minutes. This was a good experience and I'd definitely go back. It's inexpensive, easy to get to via train, and clean. Next time I want to try something more substantial as I'm still a little hungry, but my fat ass needs to cut down on portions anyway.
4	the phoenicia is a middle eastern diner.  they serve the food quickly and it's tasty and comforting.  the staff has always been courteous and friendly, the bill has always been fair.  it's location is perfect for lunch between classes or before you jump on the light rail to get out of tempe.
4	Another of our favorites.  The service is quick and friendly and the food is great! Definitely recommend the lentil soup, the Gyros plate, the tabbouleh, and the Shwerma, but really everything we have tried there has been great so far, so try something new!
4	I've been to Phoenicia Cafe on several occasions and as someone who grew up in the Mediterranean area this is as good as it gets in Phoenix! The thing is each ME country has its OWN take on flavors and spices of common dishes- this place felt the most familiar to my upbringing! Everything is flavorful and garlicky just like it should be. I usually get the hommus and shish kabob sandwich. mmmmm  Tender meat bits that have been roasting on a stick on a soft pita with a ton of garlicky hommus pickles and fresh veggies.... I've tried most of their sandwiches and they're all great. I have not tried their dessert and service there is eh-eh depends on who you get, but really go and enjoy the food dont let all the rest distract an enjoyable meal ...I will continually go back this is my middle eastern spot :)Edit- I had the vegetarian falafel on my last visit! Oh my what an insult to the delicious falafel I grew up with, my grandmother would break someone's legs over how bad these are! Dry, somewhat bland- eh pass.
5	I love this place, I want to go to Arizona just to eat here!  The greek fries were really good and different.  It was just really really good. We're going next time I'm in town Fervor!
5	You really can't go wrong with anything you order here. Food is cheap and the restaurant is near ASU. Unfortunately, many students have discovered it's quality and price, making it a bit crowded during the semesters. Lunch can be exceptionally busy. I'm a vegetarian and can't vouch for the meat dishes, but the couscous with red sauce is wonderful as are the other vegetarian options. If you can't decide, go with the vegetarian platter: baba ganoush (though it is a bit garlic-heavy) hummus, falafel, grape leaves, tahini and tabouleh, with pita on the side. There's a Middle Eastern shop next door with imported goods. The restaurant's easy to find, as it's just south of the mosque, which has the traditional dome and minarets.
3	Good food; and not a bad price for the ample amount received. Try the gyros plate (best we had around) and the Greek fries (topped with feta cheese and some tasty sauce). Also, quick service with unlimited refills on fountain beverages and smiles; although the hummus was not great but good. We would eat there again.
5	Went here one afternoon after seeing it many times but never trying it. I had the gyro and it was SO delicious! The meat was moist and tender and the portion was HUGE! My friend had the hummus and dolma pita which she said was really good and I think will be my next try! Well priced an authentic, and there is also a middle eastern market attached next door. Definitely worth a try and I can't wait to go back!
5	This place is amazing!  I came here with my "brown boy", as he is so affectionately called, to grab a quick bite to eat after classes.  Still not sure why the boy invited me out to lunch if he wasn't hungry, but I was starving so I was down.  I ended up getting the something kafta and he got the spanakopita.  The food arrived promptly and the kafta was huge!  It came with two huge pieces of ground lamb, hummus, garlic sauce, and pita.  The spanakopita was also a huge for an appetizer.  I didn't have any of the spanakopita because I was so busy enjoying my meal.  The lamb was perfectly seasoned and was a great match for the addicting garlic sauce and the hummus.  Walked out of here paying less than $15.  Definitely a great meal at an amazing price!  I can see why it's packed with college studentsIf you are getting dessert, I would skip over the jellied treats and go for the baklava.  Nothing can beat baklava.
4	One day, as my friend Darius and I were trying to kill some time before going to class we came here for lunch. This was Darius' first time with Mediterranian cuisine and after reading all the glowing reviews for here - I knew this was the place to take him! :)We had some hummus as an appetizer, and oh em gee!! it was so great! I couldn't believe it was so creamy and perfectly garlicly!! Normally hummus is a lil too strong for me but this was great.I had the Gyro plate and it was a LOT of food! I enjoyed it very much, I just wish it came with more pita bread. Gyro meat was plated with some more hummus, basmati rice and fixins for awesome gyros. My friend had this dish with garbanzo beans and lamb. He really enjoyed it and said it the meat was tender. I didn't try it but it sure looked good. :)We closed our meal with some blaklavah - they have different varieties of the mediterranian staple, I had the walnut backlavah and he had the pistashio. I liked it but I've had better and it was WAY too sweet, I couldn't finish it! Over all, this is one of the best places I've discovered since moving to Tempe. I really enjoy it and look forward to finding more places! To my yelpers, I say: GO! The food is yummy, the decor is cute and clean, the service is more than decent and the location is mill but NOT mill.. gotta love it!
5	Great middle eastern food in Tempe! The chicken shawarma plate is tasty, especially with the home made garlic sauce. Some interesting drinks include the rose water lemonade, definitely a new way to spice things up.The place is pretty small, on Friday afternoons it can get pretty packed. Parking sucks, but its ok since the food is so good.A bit pricey for a small middle eastern restaurant, but the selection and portions do justice.
5	I stop by Phoenicia once a week for the hummus deluxe with gyro - it's a perfect lunch, supertasty hummus and the gyro meat make my mouth very happy.  The folks that work there are always pretty nice, and I've never been made to wait an unreasonable amount of time for my food.  Very happy to have them in my neighborhood.
4	Mmmmm greek fries. I guess I always ended talking about the fries but I'm sorry I can't help it - they were SO good.I had the chicken shawarma and it was delicious, though the fries were definitely my favorite part. The service was ok...there were a few times that we really wanted to waitress' attention to ask for napkins or get a to-go box and it was really hard to get, but for the most part a good experience. Next time I really want to try the hummus - I've heard good things about it.
4	I've been to Phoenicia a handful of times, and each time I try something new and I am never dissapointed! One thing I've noticed is that their daily specials are the best bet if you want to try something new and also get full. The daily specials usually are HUGE combos. On different occassions, I've tried the falafel pita boat, the hummus trio, the chicken shawarma and the baklava. ALL delicious. One tip- if you're in a rush, this may not be the best place to eat if you are coming during peak lunch hours. It's always packed. I've learned to go after 1pm and have had no problems being seated.
5	I love this place. I have been coming here for nearly five years; ever since I moved out to AZ, and it has always been amazing. It's a perfect place to go for lunch and since it's not directly on Mill, you can go on a nice walk after eating. The service is always fantastic and the staff will begin to recognize you if you are there often enough.There are a few things that are a must try on the menu. First and foremost is their hummus. It is my favorite in the valley as of right now. They add a lot of garlic and the flavors will make your tongue dance, especially if you add a little sriracha. Next up, the falafel deluxe...two pita boats loaded with hummus, tahini, tabbouleh and falafel, and served with a salad or rice. So much food for around $8 and so good! The last thing that is a must try are the Greek fries. They seriously topple other places that offer a similar version of the fries. Again, this restaurant is close to my heart. I found it after being spoiled with great Middle Eastern food in Chicago and have been extremely happy ever since my first bite.Tana'amoo bilhayat! Talathathoo bitta'aam!
4	I tried their daily special sujuk on pita with Greek fries. All I have to say i'm definitely coming back again. The food was great and at a great price. Their daily specials are perfect for my taste!Service is definitely a hit or miss. My waitor was great and he was glad to answer my questions. They have flat screen TVs for your viewing pleasure. Enjoy!
4	If you squint at just the right angle while sitting on the patio of Phoenicia, you can almost see the ocean. This is perhaps the most relaxing place to sit and have lunch around Tempe.  The white patio is shaded by sail-like blue awnings which reminds you of that great trip to Greece you wish you had actually taken.  The only drawback for tall peeps is that the seating is a little lower than normal, tiled benches and cushioned stools, which leave me straining under my now heavier weight ever time I get up to leave, but... maybe I should just stay.I have had many of the dishes on the menu here and have been satisfied on every occasion.  This is properly prepared and portioned middle-eastern food, cooked with great skill and care.  The flavors don't pop for me on every dish, but that doesn't keep me from coming back on an almost weekly basis.Favorite dishes here are the veggie platter, the fatoosh salad and the labneh plate.  This was one of the first places I've ordered labneh and I am now a serious strained yogurt fan.  It might not sound very appetizing, but labneh is seriously good snack food and a great change from the typical hummus and baba routine.  Think thick, semi-sour cream cheese served with pita and olives.  Definitely Mediterranean, a nice snack while in your cabana.I love the two candies they have by the register here: Turkish Delight and Cotton Candy.  The Cotton Candy is like a little spun sugar pile that resembles more of something you'd find under your bed than a dessert, but that makes all the more fun to eat as you walk out the door and return to the desert.
3	This little Mediterranean place is walking distance from the ASU campus. A virtual oasis during the hot day that my friend decided to visit the campus. Name me a dining venue in the Phoenix metro area that's not air conditioned? Ha! That's what I thought.My friend ordered the shish kabob pita and I the shish kafta. I'm used to Mediterranean food so I liked the food I ordered. My friend, on the other hand, found the taste of his food "unusual" and "different". I guess the lamb didn't taste like the meats he's used to.On a lark, I tried the imported Vimto grape soda. It was pretty good! A lot better than the American grape soda we had. I wanted to order another one but alas, they charged by the can.If I ever come back here, I have to try their desserts. I wanted to, but I couldn't convince my friend to share it with me. I also have to try the appetizers but we were so hungry that we couldn't wait to have a prelude to lunch.One more thing, for those that need this info. I don't know how halal this place is; but I didn't see or smell pork anywhere. I doubt there is any in this place, but ask, just in case. Okay?Drink a Vimto for me, okay Yelpers?
4	There's nothing like outdoor dining here on a perfect day.  The decor is not overdone.  It is simple, comfortable, and fits perfectly with the type of food they serve.Those Greek Fries they serve are borderline orgasmic.  The first time I tried them, I almost cried.Their chicken shwawirma is top tier.  It's the Porsche of chicken schwawirma's in AZ.  Their other entrees, side dishes and accompanying sauces are excellent and authentic.If I lived closer, and if my budget allowed me to eat here on a 2x weekly basis, I really would.Kudos to this restaurant.  They really do things the right way.
4	OMG! Thank you fellow Yelpers for recommending this restaurant for Greek food.  My roommate and I stopped in here for lunch today and we were both thoroughly impressed. The Greek fries are awesome, the hummus is definitely the best I have had in the valley and the walnut baklava was heavenly. For an entree my roommate had the combination schwawirma. It was tasty and there was plenty to share. I choose a shrimp dish (sorry can't remember the name) but it had red and green peppers with a few carrots and onions sauteed in a red sauce with rice. It was all superb! The food here is WONDERFUL and to prove it I have already decided to return next week. Please give this place a try. The server was a gem as well. Can't wait to return...
5	When ever I have guests or just with a college, this place works PERFECT! now they have a sweet treat sections and if you like to try a bit more, their mini market is diverse enough to start. People is nice and the food tastes really good!
4	Despite the fact that I've lived pretty much on campus for 3 years now, I had never ventured, until recently, to any of the restaurants in the 'block' between Mill Ave/University Drive/ and Sun Devil Stadium.  I wish I hadn't waited so long once I went to the Phoenicia Cafe.  Its definitely one of the most authentic restaurants I've been to in Phx/Tempe, which is always a plus.  The restaurant  is located in a building shared with an Arabic food market, which is cool if you want to try something different to cook at home.  Besides the awesome location and atmosphere of the restaurant, the second awesome thing I noticed once I went here was the waiter, who was probably one of the nicest waiters Ive ever had.  As soon as we sat down he started making jokes and being friendly, which made us feel very welcome and friendly.  Now on to the food.  As I said, Phoenicia is a very authentic place and thus being so they have amazing Mediterranean dishes.  I love gyros, so I got the Gyro Pita Boat (i guess they also have a dish of just the gyro meat too, which ill have to try next time) and my girlfriend got the falafel and hummus.  Both of our meals were generously portioned and really flavorful, you can really taste the authentic spices they use in the gyro meat, the falafel, and the hummus, which really makes a different.  And maybe even better than the food itself was the drinks, they have fresh fruit nectar  which are amazing and go great with I would imagine anything on the menu.  To top off our dinner, we ordered Baklava for dessert.  The Baklava here, Im not exaggerating at all, is by far, the best I have ever head..it's sugary heaven.  All in all, pretty much every aspect of the Phoenicia is great, a perfect spot for lunch or dinner on campus at ASU. I definitely will be back again soon.
4	This place is pretty amazing.  The food is good and cheap, and there is a market that sells all kinds of spices, noodles, beans, as well as ethnic items that you can't get at an average supermarket.I have had the Gyro, Schwrma, and the pita pizzas.Dining in or eating out is always a good experience, especially when the bill comes (very affordable!)
5	Salam's Market, connected to the Phoenicia Cafe is a great place to buy Mediterranean groceries. I bought a pound of Hummus last night for $4.99, and it is some of the best hummus I have had in awhile. Their desserts are fantastic too! Try the pistachio cotton candy. Definitely the fanciest cotton candy I have ever had. Not the pink stuff at the fair! Very good confection from a shop that really knows how to make desserts! I also purchased a pound of olives, some feta cheese, pitas, and a bunch of bulk spices. All of it was very affordable, and I went home and cooked the most amazing chicken and rice dish with all the beautiful spices! I am a big fan of this store, and I can't wait to try a bunch of the other products that I have never heard of!
5	I have been eating at this place for years, and I have never been more impressed with Phoenicia than I have been in these past two weeks. The place is impeccably clean. The service is fantastic, in fact, Hakim proved to me today that good service is something the Phoenicia is striving for. The desserts are Ambrosial (see pictures). The gyros sandwich I had today had perfectly spiced meat, served steaming hot in a pita. One of the best fast food options out there! The slice of pizza had onions, garlic, peppers and herbs on it, and the crust is so thin and flavorful. I would rather eat this pizza than most pizza offered in the ares (i.e. Slices). The food offerings are not overly large, but I usually have enough to take some to go for later, and I never leave this place without getting a small dessert to go because they are that good. I also buy many of my spices here for cooking at home. Their spices are fresh and affordable. Even if you don't cook Mediterranean style food, the add any of the mixed spices like the Persian 7 spice or the Schwarma spice to your chicken or vegetables, and you will be regarded as one who can make a meal by your guests. Finally, if you use extra virgin olive oil at home (as you should because it is the best cooking fat that comes from a plant in the world) this is the place to buy it. Large containers are for sale at $9.99. You will save 20 - 30% by getting your olive oil here versus the grocery store (or Whole Foods if you are a yuppie. But if you are a yuppie, and spending outrageous amounts of moula on olive oil fills some void in your empty soul, please continue).
5	Wow!  This place just gets better and better!  Today I discovered, by speaking with the owner Silvia, that a fatoosh salad means that the salad has fried pita chips in it.  I had the fatoosh deluxe, which is a green salad tossed with a variety of spices, a citrus-y vinagrette, schwarma chicken, tomatos, onions, cucumbers, parsley, and fried pita chips.  It is the mediteranian answer to the taco salad.  She suggested that I get a side of their "garlic sauce" to eat with it, which seems to be a mixture of ghee and fresh garlic.  Holy garlic wonderful madness!  It is "vampire beware" good.  I am a garlic breathing dragon right now, and I'm loving it!Silvia herself is quite charming and informative.  She seemed excited to tell me about the cous cous, which is what I'll be trying next.  When I asked her how it was prepared, she said "there is the easy way and the right way."  The right way ending up with a much better texture and involving a steamer, and the easy way involving boiling it.  They must make it the right way, because it seems everyone loves this stuff.  Cous cous, you are next on my list!Store:I bought a pound of olives today for the house, and will be returning later in the week to do some grocery shopping.  I can't wait to start buying my rice, dried fruits, and nuts here. The prices are fantastic, and the quality of every product is top notch.I also noticed today that they sell hookas and hooka tobacco, which I am not personally interested in, but it may be of interest to others.  There is also a little section of the store that has some interesting personal hygene products like soaps I've never seen before and pummice stones.I look forward to discovering more of what this place has to offer, since I honestly don't know what about 1/3 of the products in the store even are.
2	Sorry fellow Yelpers, but I went yesterday and I just did not experience what you all did.  The atmosphere was a quaint little locally owned place with a bakery/grocery attached and lively music which I loved-GREAT change of place from all the corporate and bland white bread places in the Valley.The food however....ehhhhh...not so much.I consider myself and afficando of Greek/Mediterranean/Persian food and have been on the hunt since moving to Phoenix from Chicago and we pretty dissapointed eating here.  Nothing was bad...but nothing was great either.  The Masa we ordered lacked flavor as the cheese was mozzerella and the olives just black, not even kalamata or anything.  The fattoush deluxe was heavy on the chicken and light on the salad (great for the big meat eaters out there) but it was simply too much chicken that was just average and a bit dry.  The fattoush was dressed in a homemade dressing that would have been very good had they not doused the salad in it-way to heavy handed for what is supposed to be a light/refereshing salad.The greek fries were disappointing to say the least....frozen fries straight out of the bag and into the deep fryer.  True greek fries should be handcut and a bit thicker to hold onto their feta counterpart- they also tasted a bit bland as they lacked any oregano.The chicken kabob pita was also "just there" nothing to send back to the kitchen but certainly nothing to come back for.I was let down Yelpers, send me some place where the guy in the kitchen is called Dimitri, Costantinos or George, not Manuel.
5	Cous Cous Review: I had heard so much about the cous cous here that I had to try it. I really didn't know what to expect, especially considering that cous cous is a tiny pasta that I have always known to be somewhat bland. Well, not here. First off, the presentation of the meal was very nice. A big pile of yellow cous cous in the middle surrounded by vegetables, with a lamb shank on the side. The waiter, Hakim, told me to start with the cous cous as to not fill up on the meat. He said that in Morocco, the family eats from one large plate and the mother divides the meat into equal portions for the kids only after other parts of the meal have been eaten. He was right, and the cous cous was a treat in itself. It had a texture reminiscent of the maza used in Mexican tamales, but less greasy.  It had a buttery flavor and could be eaten fluffy of smashed together. The vegetables were in what tasted like a tomato based sauce that was light and sweet.  There were a variety of vegetables including bell peppers, cauliflower, carrots and peas.  Similar to American beef pot roast vegetables, they were very tender and went well with the cous cous and the meat.The meat! Oh the tender, tender lamb shank that was falling off the bone was very similar to a traditional american pot roast, especially combined with the veggies and the starch.  It is exactly what I would expect a family to sit around and eat together in Moracco or here, just like I have done many times with my own family.  It was a very hearty meal, yet I didn't feel like taking a nap afterward.  I was surprised to find that the flavors were very familiar, with nothing standing out as especially different from what most Americans would consider commonplace, but that is not to say it wasn't fantasatic.  I'd eat this meal again, but only if I wasn't looking for a culinary adventure like I usually am when I am out and about.  Like my friend John once told me while I was waiting for him at a restaurant, "Just order me the oddest thing on the menu, if they don't have anything odd, I'll take the soup."  So, in conclusion, this traditional fare is great, a safe choice for a hungry person not looking for any surprises.
2	I am glad that they carry halal meats and serve halal food. Other then that, the food did not have much flavor. The service was slow not because of the lone waiter working the tables but the slowest kitchen staff that I have ever seen. When leaving we ordered some Baklava to go and it is the worst Baklava that I have ever eaten. ewww.... Do they even know how to make Baklava? I think not and on top of that they charge exorbitant prices for it. What a rip off. The food is very very bland. Good for people who don't like spicy foods. We ordered the Pita Boat and they were both okay. Overall we ended up paying around $30 for 2 adults and 1 kid plus 3 pieces of the awful baklava. I am going to give this place one more try. If the results are the same, will not be visiting it again.
3	Decent lunch.Had the vegetarian platter.  My favorite was the baba ganoush. Easy to find coupons for... including the entertainment book.  The greek fries sound tasty.
4	Went to this place for the first time with a coworker. Lunch hour was SUPEr busy, and now I know why! It was delicious!She ahd the falafel boat, which she says is her favorite.I had the hummus deluxe, which when I received it, was HUGE! I couldn't even finish it off! I got a peice of baklava on our way out, and we both picked up some delicious greek chocolate goodies for the office communal snack desk. My baklava was probably the best I've had. Definitely fresh and made on site. Didn't get a chance to browse through the mini market they have, but I will DEFINITELY be going back to do so!
5	I adored my experience at Phoenicia Cafe. & I could not have asked for a more pleasant eating, dining, and service experience from this quaint place. I arrived at Phoenicia Cafe later in the evening, probably about an hour before they closed and it was the perfect time to come. We were seated right away, given waters, and our server was very accommodating. I just moved here, so I had only been to one or two restaurants specially in this kind of food, but I can never have too many options for great falafel! And boy was it delicious. They're falafel was fried just enough and the taste was rich and easy to eat: not too fried, not dry in any way, but just right. The tahini sauce was good, for I have found it can be somewhat flavorless at some places. And the vegetables look clean and they tasted delicious. The ONLY downside to this experience, was the pita. It was a little dry and not warm. If the pita had been warm and not as kind of brittle as it was, I would have been 100% pleased with my food. One of my friends got the vegetarian platter for which he'd never had before and scarfed it down. I watched in amazement AND he had NEVER been to this restaurant before, so I took it as solid proof that an array of their menu choices would satisfy many. The other plate ordered was for a carnivore who scarfed down a plate for which I unfortunately do not remember the name of. When I asked how he was enjoying his food, he said very much. He had a side of yellow basmati rice that no one else got with their order that was delicious!Lastly, I got a piece of almond and walnut baklava that was to die for. Needless to say, it was sugary, flaky but consistent and didn't annoyingly fall apart when bit into. Needless to say, I left this little gem or a restaurant knowing I will come back soon! Oh, and there is a Halal (and not Halal) meat market and other middle-eastern specialty food items and few other novelties that were pretty cool.
5	Had gyro plate and wife had gyro combo.  Food is really good and quantity is outstanding.  Service was good as well.  Would recommend to anyone interested in authentic middle eastern cafe food!
4	This is a place that every fan of Middle Eastern or Greek food should give a try at least once. It's located a brief walk north of ASU Main in Tempe and always seems to be doing well because of their great food. Lunch is the busiest so I recommend going to this place in the late afternoon. Their menu has all of the typical favorites of Middle Eastern cuisine so when you try an item for the first time, you will most likely recognize it and love it. The service is quite fast in both waiting and cooking, but they're not too keen on giving refills unless you order water. The ambience and environment is great. With painted walls murals and often times Middle Eastern channels playing on the television or music, you feel as if you have stepped into the Middle East without leaving Arizona. Connected to the restaurant is a lovely specialty grocery shop. Whenever I browse this section, I always find myself making a purchase. I have been here quite a few times and the business as whole seems to improving and progressing each time. This has definitely become one of my favorite eats in downtown Tempe. The only issue I have is that unless you go to ASU, parking is difficult to find during the early afternoon. Also, you have to pay for metered parking so remember to have some quarters ready if you want to go here.
5	Been going here for almost 4 years....LOVE their new "sweet" section, best baklava, cashew is the best!Service is awesome....sometimes I come with a friend sometimes with my husband but the waitstaff always recognize us and know what we order!  Food is delish, hummus is fantastic, I've had the kafta, falafal....hubby has had the lamb....everything is always 5 star....Really good place, parking isn't too bad, but bring change because its metered....Yummy!!!
4	Reasonable prices, good food.
4	If there's one word to describe the food here it's "fresh."  Everything I ate--the gyros, the hummus, the tabouleh, the walnut baklava (which I agree tastes totally homemade)--was made with the freshest ingredients I've ever tasted at a Middle Eastern casual place like this. Parked around the side of their building, but I bet at rush hour you have to meter it.  Bring change when you come just in case.The food is good, the price is right for sure and the service is prompt.What's not to like?Oh, and I noticed that the people eating there ranged from obviously students from ASU to a couple white haired 70+ year olds, so this place is for everybody.There's a small grocery selling native Middle Eastern foods there...just in case you need that needle for the eye of a camel in the middle of the night.
5	One of my favorite Mediterranean restaurants. A must check out!
3	The atmosphere is just a bit strange.  It's connected to a middle eastern market and the waiters/managers/owners are just not super friendly.  The food I got was delicious -- it was some kind of chicken combo and it came with the largest plate ever, all kinds of sides -- potatoes, rice, dill sauce, on and on.  If you do go, at least walk through the market next door -- they definitely had "full and half goat" listed for sale.  gross.
4	Great food!  Great service! Would definitely go back
4	I've been here a few times and couldn't resist the temptation when I saw a yelp deal for Phoenicia.  I'm a huge fan of this style of food and they do everything very well here.The two times I have come here my gf and I split some ginormous sampler for 2 (or more realistically - 4).  You get to try almost everything and it is all very good.  We took 2 full large containers home as leftover, and leave stuffed for around $30 when adding in our iced teas.  The yelp deal dropped that down considerably.  But, I have paid full price for it before, and I will again, it was just icing on the cake I got it on sale.  I don't have to send a lot of time describing the food, most people know the main stuff.  It is all quite tasty here and the service is always top notch.  Meat is moist, and everything has good flavor.  What more are we looking for, right?  There is some high quality places in the area and I think Phoenicia holds its own.  I literally drive past 5-10 of them to get here, that must say something.
3	Good bang for buck food. Nothing to brag about and nothing special compared to other restaurants. Ordered the big plate for two to share with my gilrfriend. Anahilated the food mostly due to hunger but the food is reasonably priced and the service was fantastic.
4	We had walked by this place many times and had even gone into the store side (attached to the restaurant) to get some hummus, but had never gone into the restaurant. Finally went for lunch today with friends and was really happy we did. Attentive, quick service, super yummy food. Had the falafel which wasn't dried out, in the pita boat, which is just their pita sandwich..it was pretty gigantic. Friend had a gyro combo, which she was pleased with. And their baklava is to die for..some of the best I've ever had. I think their pita is homemade too..stretchy and fresh. It's not the prettiest place, but for cheap, authentic Middle Eastern food you really can't go wrong.
5	I am a couscous addict, and this is my go-to place.  Everything I've tried here is wonderful, though, and I love the attached market.
2	I didn't expect to write this kind of review, the ratings all made me think I was in for a good meal.  It wasn't bad, but I have to say I have had far better.  The food was bland. I had the chicken schwarma (forgive spelling errors :) plate, falafel, and greek salad.  The greek salad was good, better than the rest of the food, but $7 (too expensive in my opinion).  The places that come to mind that I think are far better are Greek wraps, king gyro, the greek corner, shish kabob house, even some of the food at pita jungle beats the meal we had here.  I wasn't impressed with the bakava either. I can't say I will go back, I just wasn't impressed at all.  I do have to say though, the server was nice, it was clean... Nothing "wrong" with it, but the food.
2	I was very hesitant to try this place as my grandparents are actually Greek and restaurants disappoint me. The chicken gyro was delicious and worth the price, but the Greek fries were bitter, soggy, and awful! I recommend getting regular french fries, which is a shame since feta cheese is delicious and paired nicely with fries. It's not with it to eat the sauce unless you REALLY like soggy fries. Service was fine, they hire collage students or high schoolers, i couldn't tell but they were certainly young. It was understandable that my waitress wasn't attentive, because it was a busy time of lunch. However, if the service is always like that, I wouldn't recommend this place. Food is worth the trip though.
4	I've eaten lunch here a couple of times and I have been very pleased with my meals.  The service is good, though it seems that the kitchen staff is a little slow.  Don't stop in here thinking you can cram a meal into your 30 minute lunch break.I have tried a number of items here and found them all to be delicious.  The portions are very generous and I've never been able to finish an appetizer and meal.  Generally I split the hommus and lebne with a coworker, we each get a meal, and we take most of everything home as delicious leftovers.Check out the bakery, the baklava is decent and it's cheap- plus they have varieties that I have never seen, like almond/hazelnut.  And you can't go wrong with fresh, warm pita!Recommended:  Hommus, Hommus Deluxe with Lamb, Lebne (best I've ever had), Shish Kabob pita combo (comes with a drink and fries for $7.99), and the Gyro Platter.
4	I have gone to the Phoenician since I was a lowly ASU student just looking for some good Middle Eastern grub. I appreciate their tzatziki on top of their gyro salad. It is a perfect blend of juicy and savory lamb, along with feta, cucumbers, lettuce, onions and tomatoes, finely chopped and topped with olive oil and vinegar. It is my favorite dish there. The plates are also excellent, and come with rice and vegetables, but are more for dinner fare. They have recently added lunch combos with fries and a drink to any pita for an additional $2.00, but they haven't posted it on the menu. You can still order it, though! I will keep coming back for the flavors and the prices, especially when Yelp has a deal like they one they have now!
2	This place loses out due to poor customer service, which is a shame, because the food is good.  it didn't used to always be this way.  It used to be good food with a friendly, attentive staff, but then they changed management. Our first experience with the new management and staff wasn't great.  Service was slow, but we figured they must be busy so we let it slide.  Then we bought stuff from the market.  They have two registers side-by-side--one for the market purchases and one for the restaurant bills. We went to the restaurant register so we could pay for our market purchases along with our meal.  First of all, we got ignored and had several customers taken before us, despite the fact that we were there first.  When they finally decided to acknowledge us, they told us we couldn't pay at that register since we had a market purchase.  Rather than just sliding over to the next register and taking care of the purchase there, they made us wait in line again.  Finally we checked out...and were overcharged.  We didn't realize this until we got home and by then it wasn't worth going back. We decided to give them another chance and went back a few weeks later.  This time the service was even more slow. 15 minutes passed before we even got our water.  45 minutes later our food still hadn't arrived.  The waitress kept speeding by our table and ignoring us.  We snarfed our food down fast when it finally got there since we had to get back, and went to pay.  Long wait again as we got ignored for other customers who came after us, and then they overcharged us.  Again.  Fortunately we caught it this time.  They hastily made the correction, without so much as an apology.  Rather, they acted annoyed that we were holding them up.  How about getting it right the first time if you don't want to do it again? So that was it.  I don't think we'll be going back.  It's really a shame, because the food is  delicious and this used to be one of our favorite places.  It's just a shame that the new staff sucks.  I can get good food elsewhere and not be treated like garbage and overcharged.
5	We ate at Phoenicia Cafe on Sunday, Jan. 29, in transit from Maui back home to RI. Our waiter, Hakim, was wonderful. Service was excellent and very welcoming.  The food--gyros, baba ganouj and tabouli boat, vegetarian appetizer plate were flavorful and fresh.  After dinner, we enjoyed coffee and baklava on the sunny patio. The selection of baklava is impressive. A perfect ending for our vacation.
4	great cafe.  I'll be going back for sure
3	This is the second time I've been here, and I have to say I really LOVE the bakery.  Samosas are delish and the baklava just oozes with sugary goodness. The restaurant food on the other hand was a little less impressive.  I got the shish kafta boat, grape leaves, and zaatar.  While the flavors were good, there was nothing particularly special about them.  The meat is well seasoned though :)  overall the atmosphere is very casual and relaxed, but the food comes out slow.Also a fun place to check out is the grocery store inside!  Lots of spices and foreign snacks.
1	Love the food but similar places like oliveo grill are way cheaper and Med fresh are way more tastier! The service is friendly but what gets to me here is the owner/men at counter up front- they aren't friendly at all & don't ever smile or greet you! And this is really cheap, They have offers on yelp & when i click to use it, the guy at the front says NOO u can't use it! Why have offers and entice customers to come to the place and then say no to them after they are in! Marketing ploy?! Well it's not like I m gonna leave now bcs of that, will I? Hence the stars or STAR!
3	I used to recommend going here instead of other places, but it seems lately that their quality has gone down and their price up. Their pita boat used to be 7.99, but they raised the price to $8.99, and took off the drink. The student burger combo is fine, but it doesn't come with a drink and you can't get greek fries.I stopped by before work, and it took 30 minutes to get a hamburger. I was late for work. So just plan for a wait. The dining room isn't tremendously big, Probably a few tables outlined by booths, so it won't work well for large groups.  There is a patio outside, but I don't know if the wait staff would have ever known you were out there without going in first.
5	Fantastic food and even better service. One Friday night, I watched one server handle the entire dining room solo. Through it all, he was fast, attentive and pleasant. Can't recommend this place enough.Also, the TVs usually are tuned to NFL Network or NBA TV, so I get to watch sports (cool!) with my awesome food.
5	This is an excellent Middle Eastern restaurant in Tempe.  The food is always consistent and made with fresh ingredients.  For those interested, there is a Middle Eastern grocery located right next to it.  Both the falafel and hummus are very tasty, and I have enjoyed their chicken shwarma pita sandwich, too.  They also have very good baklava.  My favorite dish, however, is the chicken ghallaba entree, which consists of strips of chicken with vegetables and rice in what I believe is a spicy tomato-based sauce.  The entrees come in generous portions, so come with an appetite or be prepared to take leftovers home.  This restaurant is within walking distance from ASU, which means that it gets really busy during the lunch hour.  Be sure to get there early if you want lunch, in order to avoid the crowds.
2	One of those places you typically drive by and wonder, "wonder if that's any good?" Located right next to the blue and white mosque off Forest Avenue near ASU, Phoenicia gives you that feeling of eating off the beaten path. A co-worker of mine and I went on lunch, while we found a seat, the service was pretty slow. I ordered a plate of hummus (because I could down a tub of it in one sitting) and needless to say I was pretty disappointed. The hummus was not overly flavored - boring and bland. We split a falafel plate - consisting of 2 falafel pitas and rice. It was pretty good. Not spectacular, but decent. We also ordered some baklava to go - the traditional flavor was best, I don't recommend the chocolate one, too slimy.
3	I've had better pizza at gas stations. It was $1.99 a slice between 2 PM and 9 PM. Playing with a card? Be prepared to fork over an extra $.50. Have a takeout order? Be prepared to be handed a paper plate with nothing to cover it, not even foil.
3	This place is as authentic as it gets, but authenticity doesn't necessarily always guarantee great tasting food. Phoenicia is hit or miss. Thus the 3 out of 5 stars. So this means there are visits that would deserve a 4 and others that deserve a 3.  It solves the Shawarma fix and the Greek fries are always a nice fattening treat!
5	I firmly believe they have the best hummus around. I know people love Pita Jungle's hummus, but that is nothing compared to this creamy goodness! I don't think have ever had hummus so creamy and smooth. I have eaten here a few times and it has been delicious, but honestly I prefer just stopping in on my way home and picking up a container of hummus and homemade arabic pita bread (also super delicious and soft!). I highly recommend it!
4	Good food.Not the best service. We always stop here when we visit the Tempe Masjid.
5	The best Mediterranean restaurant in the Phoenix area.
5	I drive well out of my way to go here.  I love the Ghallaba.  I don't know of another place that has Ghallaba.  The Hummus and Baba Ganoush our some of the best I have had.  If you like Mediterranean food you must try this place.  Don't be put off by the lack of parking or simple look of the place.  Go in and you will a fan too.
4	Daughter suggested this place for lunch and I was pleasantly surprised by their food. I had the lamb cous cous, which was very tender and tasty.  The service wasn't great but the girl did her best of taking care of everything by herself. Expect some wait for a table during time.
4	Daughter suggested this place for lunch and I was pleasantly surprised by their food. I had the lamb cous cous, which was very tender and tasty.  The service wasn't great but the girl did her best of taking care of everything by herself. Expect some wait for a table during lunch  time.
5	We've been here before so this is just to remind you to enjoy the experience of a restaurant aka market, butcher, deli and middle eastern bakery all under one roof. =. When you are in the Tempe area it is a real treat.  They make their own pita bread sold fresh and warm so you can pick up a package before you leave.  Wonderful assortment of baklava as well.   The owner is a delightful friendly man from Tunisia.  He makes you feel very comfortable and eager to please his customers.   We ordered an assortment of wonderfully prepared Middle Eastern dishes.  The servings are enormous.  I had the gyro sandwich which was so packed with the beef and lamb gyro meat. It was a challenge to eat.   We also ordered the chicken patty dish which was seasoned just right.  The rice was wonderful with a side dish of a garlicky sauce.  The hummus is absolutely the best especially if you are a garlic lover.   The server hailed from Morocco and happy to tell about his life spent there.  I can't say enough good things about this wonderful Cafe.  P.S. If you go on a Saturday the meters are running so make sure you put in your money.  You can easily get a ticket.  Only free parking on Sunday otherwise you must put your change in the meters.  It is different in Downtown Phoenix where Sat. and Sun. are free.  Same as Tucson, so beware before you park outside.
4	I have been eating here for many years (it's walking distance from work), and I eat here frequently. The food is delicious. I'm more of a baba ghanouj guy than a hummus guy and it's a standout here: creamy with a nice smoky flavor.  The gyros is good and the schwarma is excellent.The service can be spotty at times, mostly newer servers. The old hands are fantastic, though.
5	Great food, fantastic people. Had a fun experience. Definitely 5 stars.
4	Im actually pretty impressed with this place. I didnt feel like driving down to my usual spot and this was a bit cheaper. one of the better chicken kabobs iv ever had. Juicy, tender,  and seasoned really well. I also ordered a fatoush salad. Its a big portion...a little too much dressing,  but good. Since I checked in on yelp I got a free sandwich as well. Theres a small middle eastern market attached with zam zam, falafel, etc... overall,  I really enjoyed my food and will be back again.
4	This is quickly becoming one of my most favorite lunch places..... They have the best hummus in town, and their gyro meat is off the hook. I usually order the Gyro salad.....it's a huge portion, so it could probably be shared..... We've also ordered the lamb shank, which was pretty good.... kind of has some curry flavors and a stew like sauce to go with, it's pretty good, but maybe not as good as the gyros.If you are in the area and need a quick lunch, don't pass this place up..... order extra pita to eat up all that hummus!
5	Can't believe I have walked past this place for so many years and never went in. Doesn't look like much from the outside and the "specials" signs are for pizza and stuff. Didn't think they served legit Mediterranean food. Hummus is amazina, kafta is amazing, gyro is huge, lamb kabob plate is super filling. Everything I have tried has been good and I plan to work my way through the entire menu.
5	Everything here is good. My favorites are the gyros and the hommos.My dad and his girlfriend share a chicken shwarma salad and that's quite a bit of food, also a good glutin free option.The staff are very nice and attentive, family owned.Save room for dessert; they have a variety of baklava and they all taste good.They also have a small grocery shop inside with some good spices.
4	I always have the vegetarian platter, which is excellent. I'm not really a fan of falafel, but theirs is crunchy, flavorful and not greasy at all. The tabouli and baba ganoush are equally good, and the kitchen is happy to replace my hummus with a serving of labneh. The only downside is the pita, it's definitely not fresh baked, and tastes packaged and flavorless. The last time I ate at the Phoenicia Cafe, I tried their pistachio baklava, which is easily the best I've ever had.
5	The place gives you a large amount of tasty food for a reasonable price.  The gyros and kabob plate are killer and unlike any other place in town.
4	My co-workers and I eat here on a regular basis as it is within walking distance to the office. It's one of the better options for lunch and it's one of those places you start craving after a while. I pretty much always go for the same thing: the gyro pita boat with fries. My colleagues are big fans of the Greek fries. I've only gotten them once and while they are very good it's not something I want to spend the extra calories on very often. It's a family owned business and we are nearly always served by a family member. The food comes out quickly, and is always fresh. With 3 or 4 new buildings going up here I hope for my own selfish reasons this place doesn't get overly crowded in the near future!
2	Owners are not friendly at all. the food is ok but haji babas is much better and the prices are MUCH better. The Phoenicia is way too overpriced just for the convenience of being close to asu. ridiculous
4	Eaten here numerous times. Had take out numerous times too. Always yummy Middle Eastern food. The owners are very nice. My experience has always been positive with the service.If you go on a day when they have freshly made couscous, do try it - it's very delicious! So flavorful!! Also their Chicken Fatoush Salad is mmmmmm!
3	ok...really liked the food and service...bought some stuff from the grocery store as wellhere's my beef....went there on a coupon(1st time)ordered the ultimate combo for 2...had a coupon for $8 off on 2 entree's....nothing on the menu was $14 or more and the combo was $28.95...owner would not accept the coupon....told him I wasnt going to argue and wouldnt come back....what a shame...the coupon is to advertise and I would go back and take folks there as I told him but messed up attitude...too bad...if I am in the wrong great but I dont think so...maybe I need a lawyer to explain what 2 entrees is...dumb...
4	I used to go here when I lived in Tempe and went to ASU and now that I'm back down there again I have returned to it. I went the other day and got the chicken schwarma pita with a side salad and it was great. A pretty big meal, and really delicious. It was pretty crowded when we went but the service was still good and it was pretty quick. You have to go pay in the little market thats attached to the restaurant which isn't my favorite because there can be a line. Also, last time we went somehow two chicken pitas added up to like 30 dollars which seemed wrong so hopefully that doesn't happen again. Be sure to bring change for the parking outside because it's all metered.
5	This place is awesome all the way around!!!  Food was great!!!  I had them bring me what ever they thought was good and I got hummas, chicken ghal.. and pistachio balklavia with tea.  Hakim the waiter honestly is faboulous!!!  I would eat here again just to have his great service!!!
3	I have probably ate at the Phoenician at least 100 times. As a student at ASU I spent many afternoons on thier patio. Unfortunately over the years the food has declined as prices increased. If it wasn't for the waiters and my hope to taste the deliciousness I recall from years ago (and the baklava) I would never go back. I remain hopeful...
2	The food was good, but I took issue with the manager's treatment of me as a customer.  I checked in via the Yelp app, which had an offer of buy one sandwich get one 50% off.  The waitress checked that it would be accepted and I ordered accordingly.  When it came to pay, the manager said they hadn't accepted that coupon for a year and blamed Yelp for not updating their system.  I wouldn't readily go back to a place that doesn't serve their customers in a more friendly way, especially since I was given the impression up front that the coupon would have been accepted.
5	My favorite place for Shawarmas and Hummus...hands down!! This place hasnt been in business for over 15 years for no reason. Conveniently close to Scottsdale, it does not take a long time to go get some of my favorite food around. The owners are great and take care of their customers
5	My FAV place by far for their hummus and baklava!!! The hummus is very creamy and smooth, it's making my mouth water just typing this!!! The owners are very nice and take care of the customers with excellent customer service.  Can't wait to go back again!!!
5	The lamb off my gyro was so fresh, the pita was lightly toasted and the home made sauces just add to the appeal of this amazing place. If you're in Tempe you have to come here, for me Greek is usually too greasy and oily - this place avoids that for what feels like a proper meal. Definitely go.
4	Came here for lunch today after driving past the place  for years and wondering if it was any good. I drove around the restaurant hoping there might be a free parking lot for customers,  but that wasn't the case,  I had to meter park. Once I found the entrance I was promptly greeted and given a menu, which was helpful because I'd never been here and wasn't familiar with all of the dishes.  Once my order was placed I took a look around the small market and was surprised at how many spices they carried,  they also sold couscous for cheaper than any market I've been to.  I wasn't quite sure where I was supposed to pick up my order,  no one said anything so that was a bit confusing. The food itself turned out very delicious.  I adored the crispy falafel and the gyro meat was super tender and flavorful.  They included a bag with three Pitas which seemed a little odd. The hummus was also nice and creamy and they gave me lots of it. I feel the prices were a touch higher than they should have been,  but maybe ill just order less next time:)
5	Whether you are in for the baked goods or a full meal, the Phoenicia Cafe will not disappoint. Everything I have tried there has been my new favorite thing, haha. The staff has always been kind, helpful and gracious. Due to the delicious food and excellent service, I always leave fuller and more cheerful than when I entered! Also, the samosas are to die for!
5	My family loves this place. I suggest the chicken schwarma and a side of Greek Fries.
5	A truly good authentic chicken shawarma holds very strict criteria and high standards. This is due in part to the dish being so popular that even the smallest variation of ingredients can make this dish not as good compared to others. The best way to prepare a chicken Shawarma is to make sure all of the meats have been prepared correctly; including having been tenderize and roasted for at least one day. This piece of criteria allows for the chicken shawarma to truly obtain all of its delicious flavors because the meats will become perfected and will also have time to roast and mature. The chicken Sharma for which I sampled at the Phoenician restaurant did indeed be this criteria because the meat was very tender, especially the chicken dish for which I ordered. The chicken had been roasted for one and a half days. I found this out because I asked the owner to fill me in on the recipe and how the food item was prepared and for how long. I discovered that the chicken Shawarma also met the criteria of being high quality because the meats were slowly roasted with special hand-picked house blended sauce; allowing for all of the meats to caramelize and obtain juiciness while they became tender.
4	One of our favorite places to go to eat! We've gone there multiple times & have had a really good experience every time! Their hummus is absolutely to die for and the chicken kabobs & rice are two of my favorite menu items. I get the chicken plate pretty much every time. The only "complaint" I have is that I wish that the plate came with both hummus & rice like the gyro does. I'd say this is definitely my favorite Mediterranean restaurant in the valley!
2	I've come here since I was a child, but mostly because it's right next to the mosque and out of habit. Food is generally good but sometimes lacking in freshness. Service can be very trying, with a higher-than-expected pricing on top.
5	I normally do not eat Greek or Middle Eastern food.  Having a business meeting at Phoenicia Cafe gave me snow opportunity to taste it.  I was very impressed with all aspects of the experience.  The food was great.
5	I've never had anything that wasn't delicious and served attentively, and I've been here at least 4x. The Greek fries and chicken shawarma are always delicious. I've never had anything from Phoenicia that wasn't completely satisfying.
5	I really like the gyros we had and the wait staff was friendly. Check in here and get 50% off a sandwich.
5	Ten 10 Stars!!! I Will Brag About This Place Totally Worth It!LOVE The Chicken Shawarma's, The Greek Fries are to Die For! And the Baklava is Delicious Too! Gyros are Tasty Too! Used To Go ALL the Time! Now Im 3 hrs Away!:( But I Had Make the Drive! Totally Worth It!!!;)
5	Right up their with hajji baba as my favorite middle eastern restaurant in Tempe. Amazing gyro plate and gyro salad. Great hummus!
5	Definitely some of the better Mediterranean food I've had. If a place has good hummus and garlic sauce, then they have my attention. If the food is fresh and full of flavor, they get the rest of my attention. Phoenicia fulfilled all of these needs and then some. Oh, and their pita bread was soft and warm, a definite plus. They also had a small hot foods/dessert area which was nice; got some pretty good samosas to go. In addition, they have a little market area in the rest of the store. Got me some falafel mix and imported Kinder chocolates!
4	Ate here for lunch today after not having been back for over a year. Still holds up to what I remember from ASU days. The falafel hummus and tabbouleh are on point! Fresh, clean, affordable. Good stop for a quick sit down lunch (pay at the counter). Vegetarian approved :)
5	Excellent place to eat. Great service and outstanding food (especially the gyros). Would love to explore the market side more when my two year old isn't pulling all the candy into her arms.
4	I enjoy Mediterranean Food, but I've been told that I don't really know what's authentic (rolls eyes) but I think this place is pretty darn good. However, I've been told that if someone were not to like exotic flavors or tanginess, this might not be a the place.Flavors are rich and very exotic, always fragrant.The rice cooked right, flavored well and not sticky and soggy or hard and powdery.The meat tender (can be a touch dry on the occasion) and spiced well.The service tends to be polite and very accommodating; though once the guy seemed to be having a bad day. (drinks, serve yourself)The atmosphere, nothing special and not romantic, but unique.I usually have something from the list below:hummus with pita chipsQuzi (seasoned lamb shank over rice)Gyros PlateShish KaftaBTW, there is a market attached to this restaurant, it's an experience to browse through and maybe even pick something unique to bring home.
3	We stopped in here for lunch today with a Yelp coupon. The atmosphere is pretty good for a Greek restaurant. The waitress was super friendly and attentive.  The servings were very generous. I am having to dock them one star for the quality of the Gyros meat. The Yelp coupon did not help too much. It was buy 1 sandwich get one 1/2 price.We bought 2 combos with fries and drinks. So after adding up everything a la carte and getting 1/2 price on 1 sandwich it worked out to the same price as the regular combo price.
5	Everything from here is consistently good. Plan on being stuffed!
