1	I hope the cook just needs to learn to prepare the food properly! We had sandwiches that were only warm but the cheese was over cooked it was hard.  It is expensive for a quick stop lunch.......  the atmosphere is okay.  I have had better experiences at other Panera Breads!!!!  Not in any hurry to eat here again or recommend it again!!!!
4	Yay! Panera bread in the Cotswold shopping center!!! I am so glad they have one minutes from my home now! This location is just as good as the others around charlotte. I've eaten in and had orders to go. The employees are very friendly and the service was just right. The food is consistent with every other Panera bread I've been to, and I am a frequent flyer at Panera! I will be coming back to this location to get my bread fix from now on.
1	I have been disappointed in Panera in the past but thought I would give it another try. It was terrible. The Tuna on toast was heated like a panini and the tuna ran out of the bread when you picked it up. I returned it and the manager nicely said he would have another one made and toast the bread first. It still had runny, messy tuna.  The apple that came with the lunch was old and tasteless. Overall a big Zero!
4	I'm going here regularly for lunch. Love the paninis and the soup. it's laid back atmosphere good for meetings or browsing the internet
4	I ALMOST gave up on trying after multiple fails on rude service and being so unorganized.  The past few times have been a great & cheerful experience though.  They definitely got it together and found a team that works!!  I never met a soup I did not like at panera!!
4	Fresh food fast. Right in my neighborhood. Really like the Spinach Power Salad, and the parm-croutons on the Caesar salad are really tasty. Nice to have delish chocolate croissants close to home. They do specialty coffee drinks, latte and espresso. Its been a warm spot on recent cold days to sit by their fireplace. Ahhh!
4	the food is always fresh and made correctly to order and I truly believe it's a result of the people that work up front they are amazing. however if your order is to go be ready to wait a while. once the order is placed and put on the screen awaiting for fulfillment the people in the back often spend more time talking about their personal lives and playing around then they do looking at the screen regularly. on multiple occasions I have had to clear my throat or asking if my order was ready for them to even realize that one has been placed before they even opted to look at the screen that notify them new orders are up. Despina is extremely convenient for me and typically has great customer service the management is wonderful and always very accommodating. however it's not somewhere I would recommend stopping if you're on a time crunch I have a shorter lunch break than usual. by the time they actually made your food even if you were the only customer in line good luck being able to get back to work on time and let alone sit down and enjoy your lunch.
4	Rapid PickUp is pretty cool! The food is really tasty as well - and everyone smiles a lot there. Which strangely enough, means a lot. Only thing is that I thought it was an organic place. But no. Checked the ingredients and there's all sorts of stuff I can't pronounce in their food. So, can't indulge too often. I try to keep as many chemicals out of my body as possible! But - if you don't care about chemicals, than...it's loverly!
4	Clean facility, fairly new. Chains like this are really made by the people. I've found the staff pleasant and friendly, who accurately make my orders. It's not overly busy, even in the afternoons, and I haven't been made to wait too long for an order.
