5	Excellent service and friendly, helpful drivers. Having been using the service weekly to/from the airport from north Scottsdale for the past year. Drivers are courteous and timely.  Cars are clean and new.Highly recommend!
1	The owner of this company is severely lacking in professionalism and care for the customer.  Compassion is not in his vocabulary.  I attempted to use his service, but just after the two brief telephone calls with the owner, I will tell everyone I know NOT to use this company.  Simply awful...zero customer service.
5	I use this car service weekly to and from the airport and various other needs over the past 2 years. The drivers are 1st class and professional every single time. Not once have they left me stranded or abandoned, as the other company had done on several occasions. I frequently take early morning and late night flights and they've been there at 4am and at midnight each time they've been used.  Drivers are courteous and cars are cleanNot sure what happened to the previous post...but they're top notch every time I need them (weekly)!
5	I tried them out with Living Social and they were fabulous.  Leo was friendly, safe and most important On TIME!!!  I highly recommend them.  When I landed, he was already waiting for me at the airport.  Great for drop offs and pick ups from the airport.
5	Very prompt, reliable and friendly!  And the cars/limos are nice and clean. We bought a living social deal to try them out and used it for drop off and pick up from the airport. Couldn't ask for better communication or service, they called the day before our flight to confirm and check in on the time, etc, and were there at the airport when we landed. We would definitely use them again.
5	I booked Ride-EZ for my parents who were flying in to Sky Harbor Airport. Leo assisted me with the transaction and picked up my parents. His rate was extremely competitive compared to other companies and he was very friendly to deal with. Leo was on time and ready for my parents as soon as they arrived. They said their ride was extremely comfortable. The car was nice, clean and Leo was a great driver.I would not hesitate to recommend or use Ride-EZ again for a car service.
5	Leo's good people, an old school cat who does what he says he'll do and is a man of his word when it comes to pick up and drop off. Nice car, good service. He even made it through the maze of my mother's Scottsdale gated community, which still gets me turned around.
5	My family used this service to and from the airport. Larry was a great driver, was there on time, and got us to the airport quickly. Leo picked us up and was equily as good.
5	Leo is fantastic.  We actually left without one bag and didn't realize it until we got to the airport!  Leo took me back to get the bag very quickly :)...getting me back just in time!  We use him frequently to go to the airport or for nights out with friends.  He tells the best stories and treats you like family.  His prices are fair.  If you are traveling for more than a few days, it's a smart idea to use Leo as it saves you paying for parking and it's very convenient!
3	So far so good. Called to speak to someone for quote and the owner answered immediately. Followed up and booked online for a pick-up at Sky Harbor next month. Got an email confirmation back, so I guess we wait and see what happens.Living in Canada and having a vacation home in Cavecreek with a car has us searching for ongoing, reliable transportation services for us and our friends .Stay tuned for update.
5	I contacted Leo less than a week before I needed to book a car service.  ...I had called a few before, only to find the person on the other side of the phone rude, the rates to be insane, or the reviews to be horrendous...  Immediately upon calling Leo, I knew I had found my man.  He was was courteous and prompt (had to call me back bc he was driving... hello good sign!)When he came to pick me and my husband up at our wedding on Sunday  he arrived ahead of schedule, and had no problem waiting until we were ready to leave.He was pleasant, and safe.  The car was clean and well kept.Most definitely would use again and recommend Leo to others!!!Thank you Leo!
4	Writing this update to report that everything went very smoothly. Leo was waiting for us when we arrived and transported us promptly to our destination in his clean, comfortable car.  He will be our first call.
5	It was soooo easy to book this appointment.  I will definitely use Leo again and again! The ease of the process was just perfect.  Leo was on time, courteous, responsive, and joy to converse with.  There are a lot of car services in the Phoenix area, but none stack up to this company.He is now on speed dial!
5	I started using Leo's service back in June of 2013.  He's assisted with personal and business trips and never fails to provide great service.   The #1 feature I look for is timeliness for travel and Leo's service is always spot-on.   The cars are clean, the driving safe and comfortable and the prices very reasonable.Would highly recommend these guys for any trips or transportation needs!
1	UNRELIABLE! Scheduled pick up to airport and Leo didn't show up. When we finally got a hold of them by phone, we were told "the alarm didn't go off this morning". This is unacceptable, specially for this type of business where punctuality is KEY. I would NEVER trust a car service where not showing up is a possibility. Unbelievable!!The star given is just to ensure this review impact current rating, otherwise, no stars.
