4	Just opened. Very clean, mix of booth style seating and some chairs. Menu is extensive with a mix of Japanese and Chinese foods. I tried the Gyoza which is the deep fried style not pan-fried and steamed. Nice dipping sauce. House fried rice was tasty and not over oily. Took a big chance and tried their yellowtail (hamachi) sushi and it was pretty good and made to order. The place has somewhat of a fast food Asian feel but with some nice touches. Food is cooked to order. No beer but I will certainly return. CHEERS!
4	The fried rice was pretty good--not too oily. The best was the chicken lo mein. Really really good and I'm glad it had lots of vegetables in it. I'll be back to get the noodles again.
2	Tried this new place out and I wont be going back.  The rice is the WORST.  Its the type of rice you typically see in Mexican dishes and really weird to have in both the chinese food and the sushi.  The veggies in the fried rice tasted like they were the frozen bag variety and just the usual carrots and peas, no bean sprouts or any other goodies.  Beef was chewy, but the chicken was OK.  Noodles were also decent.  Bad rice at an asian place is a deal breaker tho.
1	Not very good. Fried rice was sticky and no taste. Looked more like Mexican rice. Beef broccoli and orange chicken were both bland and no flavor. Worst egg roles I have ever tasted. Not sure I will give them another chance. Too many good Chinese restaurants available to go back to a poor one.
5	I have ordered 3 times so far. Delivery is always super quick. My daughter loves the wonton soup and sesame chicken. I have tried several sushi and sashimi options. Impressive! Our new Fave!
3	Restaurant location is convenient, dining area is perfect for area lunch crowd, menu pretty extensive cuz it includes sushi, sashimi, and sushi rolls in addition to your traditional Asian fare.  The Steamed Dumplings were tender and flavorful without the dipping sauce, General Tso seemed to be on the sweet side even though it's supposed to be spicy, and the Lo Mein was excessively oily, but overall the entrees tasted good.Staff is polite and efficient and the young lady at the counter is knowledgeable of products available.  She overheard me express interest in chili oil and brought me a bullet for my entree.I suppose prices are reasonable.And they really do have a variety of menu items.We'll be back.
1	Well I tried this place on a whim and I was disappointed by the food and not having filtered water for their soda machine. On the food I guess they dumbed it down for Americans or the run over to Safeway to do their shopping..  just another failed attempt at Chinese / Japanese food.. if you like this place then please have your tastebuds checked.
3	The location is clean and easy to find.  Being Sunday dinner it wasnt that busy. First time eatting here and i was actually very surprised. We ordered 2 rolls that were fresh and really flavorful.   We ordered dumplings but nothing special. pass on that next time.  noddles and rice were good....other reviews compared fried rice to mexican rice. I actually like thia rice....nothing like mexican rice.  all the entrees were delicious fresh and tasteful. mongolian beef , general tso chicken and garlic chicken were great! be back again
5	We ordered from this place because we had a menu on our door with 50% off. So we ordered the general tsos chicken, mongolian beef, gyoza, spring rolls, fried rice, a spicy cali roll and the Las Vegas roll. We LOVE everything but the rice and the gyoza. The spring rolls are probably in the top 5 for me and I grew up on Asian food. The sushi rolls were so fresh, now when I order I only order sushi and my husband sticks to the general tsos chicken with brown rice. Recently I ordered sushi for myself and upon signing the receipt, I noticed there was a shrimp roll. As I'm allergic to shrimp, I knew I had not ordered it. No big deal, but they packaged another roll I had ordered, with it. So the delivery driver, said he would take care of it. He took both rolls back and shortly later I got a phone call with an apology and a discount next time I order. Plus he brought back the original roll and another roll. I was pleased with the customer service and because of that and the fresh sushi, we will continue to frequent this Chinese food place.
5	this east coast snob proclaims the chinese food I've tasted out here and the sushi is also very good. They've never messed up an order. I love them
5	This was some of the best Chinese food I've had in this area! We were able to get a variety of dishes delivered because they had an amazing deal going on. Each dish was fantastic and very tasty! We didn't have to wait long for our food either! It made our Saturday afternoon! We liked it so much, we made sure to wrap it up for leftovers!!!Highly recommended!!!
5	Very fresh ingredients! I went to another Chinese restaurant in the area recently and this place is so much better and the same price. Generous sizes
4	Stopped in here today based on a friend's positive appraisal. The place was very clean, easy to find, and smelled delicious. We've been hankering for a local place that serves up some old-school Chinese food that's fresh, hot, and doesn't turn our stomachs. I think we found it. Everything we ordered was piping hot and fresh. Crunchy veggies, flavorful chicken and beef, tons of eggs in the soup. Service was quick too. Will definitely be back, hope they stick around!!
4	Good simple Chinese, their food is always fresh, Lo Mein and Chopped Pork are really good.  They need to cook their Cheese Wonton longer, those are my favorite thing at any Chinese place, and the two times I've ordered they weren't cooked (fried) long enough.  I definitely want to try their sushi!
5	Another consistent order from Li's Asian, this place deserves a lot more credit for their tasty food! If you're thinking of getting some Asian take out, please eat here, you won't regret it!
4	I am so glad i tried their sushi!  I felt a hankering for Chinese so I remembered their mailed flyer with a coupon.  It was nice that they had sushi and a variety of Chinese entrees.  Great prices and they are huge portions!  I actually over ordered thinking it would be small pieces but I sure was nicely surprised.  Their Seafood Dynamite roll was WOW! $9.50 that must have weighed 1/2 a pound. It had real scallops and about 8 pieces of big sushi.  It was topped with a great seafood sauce but a little too much eel sauce. A bit too sweet for my taste but I made 2 meals out of it.  I couldn't even start on the 8 piece california roll or rainbow roll.   The california roll was much better than Pei Wei's overpriced, much smaller portion.  The house lo mein was good for the $10 price since it had a combo of shrimp, beef, and chicken and also must have weighed a pound.  It could easily feed 3 -4 people. I only wish it wasn't udon noodles. but rather chow mein noodles. It was convenient since I also had to get gas and pick up groceries so it was a convenient location  The staff was nice and helpful. You can eat in but I took out.  It was a reasonable wait.  Very affordable. I will be back.
3	Li's Asian is just alright. The place is conveniently located in a South Tempe Safeway Plaza, it's clean and the dishes are affordable.The food is meh. I had never been in until my Dad got out of the hospital for a major heart surgery and finally got his appetite back ... For takeout Chinese!*Food police, CHILL OUT. His surgeon and cardiologist said it was OK on this particular occasion as Pops was barely eating since he got home.* Some of the things we've tried: 1) Hot and Sour Soup2) Mixed Fried Rice 3) Orange Chicken 4) Egg Roll Three of these items, specifically the Orange Chicken, was swimming in an abundance of oil.  Pops and my brother mentioned the Mixed Fried Rice was uber salty. The rice also looked like rice at Mexican restaurants. Odd indeed.Pretty bland overall, even, not what one would expect from a neighborhood place like this. Bummer, because on both occasions the counter staff and gal that took my phone were very polite and customer service oriented.Maybe I'll pop into Lis Asian again in the future, but  wasn't memorable enough for it to be on my short list of takeout places that come to mind.
