4	First off the price is great, the building is clean and quiet, studio is nice and a good size. The building is very secure and people can't just come and go they have to have a key to get in the elevator.  The building also requires a key access after hours.  There are all types of people that reside in the building. There are only 2 issues I have, the parking garage is detached from the building and the walk space is not very well lit at night from the garage to the door. The other issue is the hall way leading to the apartments smell nauseating at times, it's a combination of smoke and food, I dread getting off the elevator at times.
1	I moved here January 3rd, 2014 based on photos that I saw on For Rent magazine. I went on tour of a unit by Nijelli. The unit was very nice. When I moved into my unit, it was completely different than the unit of what I saw. I was very disappointed and let them know this. They took $200 off my March rent; I appreciated that. The roaches were very bad; they did take care of that right away, also. This is not my issue.The issue is the vindictiveness of the management staff. If you make them angry, they are very petty and this how they are reacted to me. All I did was question them. I was expecting a very important delivery of expensive items. They did not let me know that I had a package delivered; it had been sitting over a week! When I went to pick it up after calling the company; who got angry with FedEx and City Center Apartments, I was told by Monica that they do not have to call the tenants to pick up their packages, it is our responsibility to pick up our own packages and to know when they will be delivered. When I went to pick up my package, Nijelli was painting her fingernails, Monica was doing paperwork and on the phone and the new Black girl was having a private conversation with some guy and went out the back door; this was before 9 am so, it was not break time. I stood there for a few seconds while Nijelli finished her nail and blew on it. She got up and went and got my packages. She proceeded to tell me about their policy of not calling. I proceeded to tell her that they have time to paint nails; it only takes a few minutes to call to let people know about packages. Apparently, Monica was on a personal call because she hung up and rudely told me that I need to know when my packages are coming and check on this myself. I told her that I am not going to argue over this but that this is one of their jobs and I walked off to them shouting at me.Two days later, I get a note on my door telling me that my apartment was cluttered and needed to be cleaned or I was going to be evicted in three days. I called Monica and asked her to come up and look at my apartment and she stated that she would; that was 7 days ago and she has not been her nor has she called. I am contacting my attorney after I finish this and I am contacting my reporter friend at Channel 13 news. You cannot do this to people because you do not like how someone corrected your behavior or said something you do not like.. Do you job correctly and you won't have any issues. This place will never keep decent tenants. NEVER!
