4	Went here for breakfast with the family. I love their breakfast options, they have everything from huevos rancheros, to breakfast burritos, to pancakes! The breakfast burrito with asada was really good, and my daughter was able to get french toast. The chips and salsa were also good. The chilaquiles weren't actually my favorite, too much sauce, not enough egg, but overall I'd say it was decent. The decor is cute, very bright and colorful. Our waitress was very friendly and sweet. The location in my opinion isn't the best place to get a lot of business, you'd never see it from the street, but maybe if they advertise more it can become more popular. My only complaint was the amount of time it took to get our food. There were maybe 4  or 5 other groups eating when we were there and we waited a good 20 minutes to get our food.
5	To start, I'll say that we have a group of 6 that eats Mexican food in this area every week and have as a tradition for the last few years. We've tried several places in the past... Found places with great food but terrible service, some places with great service but pretty mediocre food. This place has the whole package. The staff is amazing and cares about making their customers happy. The first time we went, we ordered food to go and had margaritas at the bar while we waited... Based on the atmosphere and the drinks (which are amazing, Maria makes the best Vallarta drinks... They taste so fresh!) I stated the food literally had to taste like crap not to want to come back. Food is great! We've been back every week since for nearly two months and couldn't be happier! David and Ofelia are both amazing servers... You can't go wrong here.
5	This place was very good!  The chips and salsa were served promptly.  Our server was very friendly.   I ordered the traditional chicken fajitas, and they were excellent!   This place earned my 5 star rating because my friend accidentally left his credit card there, and when he called the next day, one of the waitresses turned it in to the manager.
4	I have been here three times.  I went twice for food and once for drinks during happy hour.  Their happy hour prices are not that great, but I think the food and drinks are pretty good.  The atmosphere inside the restaurant is also nice and cheery.  I really like the ranchero salad with shrimp.
5	Very authentic Mexican food!!! I love the pozole. Best place to cure a hangover with the menudo or pozole
5	My first time here and the food was excellent. They have a new customer for life. I had a chimichanga and a green burrito, salsa and chips excellent too
3	Went today for lunch. The place is clean, nice, service was good.Food wise...I always order the same thing at Mexican resturants.   I've been eating mexican food in the valley for over 35 years, even back in old Glendale when Lilys existed.  That's how I gage the food and if I like it or not.  My standard order is cheese enchiladas, taco, rice and beans.   Sorry to report, but other than the salsa I was not impressed. I still think Ritos, Carolinas, Popos, Pedro's, La Perala certain Humberto's, have better rice and beans.Not saying I'd never go back, but I'd probably just order a cheese crisp, or nachos.
5	I'm back. I love this place. That is all.
4	Delicious little joint convenient to a doctor's office I visit frequently.  Salsa is excellent as were the prices.  Service was fast and food was fresh.  I will definitely return.
5	Great service, authentic delicious food.  My family and I ordered chimichangas, enchiladas, tacos and burritos...all were great.  Great mixed drinks and beer on tap.
5	This place was very good. Took a random suggestion, but the service was so friendly and the food delicious. Nachos very yummy
