4	Sick wife = food court for dinner at Caesars. Ordered Mongolian beef. Inordinately good. Still a little surprised how much I enjoyed a panda express-esque meal. If the stars line up and I'm forced to eat food court dinner, I'm coming on back. Food: Mongolian Beef. Very spicy. Really sweet. Large slices of perfectly stir fried onions (vidalia?).Definitely worth a quick cheap meal.
3	In Vegas, food is the thing. Anyone who's been there or even heard/read anything about Vegas knows that. While visiting for work recently, I just wanted to grab something really quick to eat before heading out for some evening networking functions.Staying in Caesars Palace, the food court where Ah So is located is very convenient for "grabbing something fast," so that's exactly what I did. And truthfully, it was pretty fair. I'm a sucker for the not-so-good-for-you General Tso's Chicken anytime I order Chinese, so that's exactly what I did this time. It was accompanied with white rice and spring rolls (must be ordered separately). While the chicken was definitely tasty, it IS quite different from traditional General Tso's, not only in taste but there are also some stringy items that come in the dish (onion?). I wasn't a fan of this at all, but managed to work my way around them.I'd definitely go back to Ah So if the opportunity presented itself, but candidly I'd probably choose a different item off the menu.
4	I'm generally the kind of person who is on a strict liquid diet in Vegas. However, this last trip solid foods were necessary and we happened upon Ah So right in the middle of Caesar's Palace Food Court. It made me happy.Sure, this is basically fast food Asian style but when you're hungry and greasy pizza isn't in the cards this place is the perfect pit stop. Depending on what time you go there may be a bit of a line. But, the ordering process is efficient and there is plenty of table space to sit and eat.The beef with broccoli hit the spot and the rice was really good for soaking up all the free cocktails we got while gambling. Between two of us we finished a single meal which was plenty. I wouldn't say this place is cheap but it's not "Vegas" expensive either.I would say that for the ease and convenience of this little restaurant I would for sure be back next time I'm at Caesar's. It's nice to have options and this one is a surprise find.
5	Located in a fast food court in Caesar's Palace, most of the food prepared here is actually made to order (so, yes, there's a little wait time if you come during lunch hour).  This place has the BEST shrimp with lobster sauce I have ever had in my life (and I've had a lot of shrimp with lobster sauce dishes).  So, yes, if you're on the Strip in Vegas, check this place out!
4	During two visits to the Ah So, I once had the seafood udon, and then the house chow mein.  Both had good flavor and the portions were large.  The seafood udon was a little sparse on meat (shrimp, squid, fish cake, etc), but they did toss in some snow peas and other vegetables as well.  They make these when your order, so it's hot and fresh. Interestingly (and in a nice way) they served the udon in a ceramic bowl, rather than plastic.  The house chow mein had a decent portion.  I took it to go and while eating back in my meeting room with colleagues, they were jealous of my plate.  One other nicety was that they offered the spicy yellow mustard.This is worth a return visit if I have business in Caesars.
