5	I bought a voucher for my Boyfriend to have laser hair removal on his neck.  Went with him to his first appointment, with Sabina, and was so impressed I purchased a package for laser hair on the back of my neck to get rid of those unruly frizzy hairs and also purchased a package for brazilian laser hair removal. My Boyfriend has had two treatments on his neck and already noticing the difference, I have just started with one treatment and will update again after a couple more times.After telling my Mom how much I liked this place we set up a consultation with Michelle and are going this Friday (August 24th) to have our first Pixel Laser treatment.So far I have met  Sabina, Kaye and Michelle and all 3 of them have been wonderful.  I have had laser hair removal treatments in the past and always felt like a number, not a customer.  The ladies at Skin Gravy treated me like a friend and made us all feel welcome.I highly recommend this place.Kim B.
5	The staff at Skin Gravy is fantastic. I cannot put in words how pleased I am with the service provided. They were extremely knowledgeable and answered all my questions and concerns in a very professional manner. They are more passionate about changing the lives of their clientele than cycling people in and out to make a quick buck.  I will continue to go to them for any of my personal needs that align with their scope of work.  Side note: I can certainly relate to and understand their recent struggle with scheduling but it is in no way a reason to provide a negative review. They recently relocated to a larger location to provide more services to their clients. They are growing their business into a more end to end service provider which says something about the quality of their work in this down economy.
3	I was very excited when I saw the Groupon deal for affordable laser hair removal. The office was nice (located in a suite of a larger building) and Michelle was friendly and made me feel comfortable. I even added additional treatments right away because it was such a great deal. I was happy with my first treatment and excited to go back for more and see results. I became frustrated with time because appointments booked up so quickly and Michelle seemed rushed through each treatment. Never did she suggest booking a full hour to cover multiple treatments--the new technicians (who were also very friendly) were the first to suggest that. I didn't have a number to call to reach the other technicians so had no way to communicate when I couldn't get there on time for one of the appointments. Michelle is not responsive to emails or voicemails--I had to call and email her repeatedly over weeks to get an answer to one question about more services. I feel like she booked more appointments than she could handle and unfortunately, the service suffered as a result.
1	Never, ever go here. I bought a groupon for laser hair removal for my girlfriend, who had been looking at other places to try. They booked her WAY out (very few open apts?), upsold her on more areas but failed to tell her they couldn't do the areas around her tattoos (still took her money for those areas tho), didn't return phone calls with questions, scheduled 6 weeks between apts, and had her show up twice when they closed early. These people are unprofessional. Look elsewhere.
4	I got an 'Ultimate spa' package which was a very good deal. Overall I am very satisfied with the service. The staff was very friendly and professional. This is a good place for any type of skin treatment. I got a pixel, an Accent skin tightening and a microderm facial, plus a hair cut and a massage. Let's forget the haircut, this is not a hair salon. They don't even offer that anymore. All the rest were very good.The only problem is scheduling of appointments since they are booked far in advance. If you don't work, or have a flexible schedule, this is not so much of a problem, but if , like me you work full time, this is a big problem. (thus the 4 stars). They could also improve on the website. The online scheduling works well. They send a reminder the day before to your email.Otherwise, go for it. The price is very good and so is the service.
1	I had a morning appointment for a facial at Skin Gravy. My drive time to the business was 30-40 minutes. I arrived to their main cross roads and had a difficult time finding their suite. I had pulled over and called the business a few times. No one answered the phone, so I began driving around the complex one more time and by my lucky stars, found the place. However, I was late. I walked inside and no one greeted me. I didn't see or hear anyone. I shouted "hello" twice. I was about to walk out the door, since I had been standing at the counter for a couple of minutes when finally an employee stepped out. I was told that I was late and could not keep my appointment, because there was no receptionist to answer my phone calls for help. All in all, I was penalized for them not having a receptionist and for the employees who were there who could not pick up the phone. On top of the lack of common sense to help out the business and answer the phone, the employee argued with me about giving me another appointment. I was told to give them my name and number and they would call me sometime. I asked when they would call me and was informed that they had no idea, but hopefully today. Terrible customer service. I give 1/2 star for the employee finally thinking about customer service and the business and taking my number down.
1	Extremely disappointed in the customer service.  Appointments book way out in advance and you can never actually speak to a person -- always voicemail. I purchased a Groupon for six visits.  I've only had one appointment and have had such poor customer service with future appointments, that I will not go back.  It's a shame because the facial I received when I went was great and the gal who did it was fabulous; too bad the owner doesn't value their customers.
5	Love Skin Gravy. I bought a Groupon and was very skeptical but I have had wonderful services and do not have one complaint. I do have to say my last service which was the dermaplanning was my favorite. My make-up has never looked so good, it goes on so much smoother and stays on longer. Highly recommend Skin Gravy and all of the ladies that work there
5	I have only had one treatment done so far and I can already tell a huge difference! I have olive skin and dark hair and I wasn't sure if I would be a candidate but it has worked amazingly. It was a quick pain but definitely doable. Chrissy was great at making me feel very comfortable and informing me about the process. I was amazed that besides the paperwork, the treatments only lasted 10 minutes or so. I was in and out and not sore at all! I would highly recommend Forever Flawless to anyone!
5	Awesome deals and staff! Especially Kaye is very Knowledgeable and takes the time and does the best for her clients. My chemical peel for my back has done me wonders has reduced my acne scars and has contraedl my acne. and today i got Microdermabrasion and my face feels smooth. Thanks :)
