2	Mediocre fast food at cheap prices: sounds good.Same mediocre fast food at Vegas prices: WTF?Beer is available here, but it's 6 bucks a piece for the good stuff. Pizza, even with the coupons was still waaaaaay overpriced.But, whatcha gonna do in Vegas? Run out to the desert and eat lizards?
3	Well, 5 people for 70 bucks is kind of devastating, but I suppose it was opkay....it sucked that there was a mix of communication and the cashier didn;t seem too pleasant or understanding of us, but int he end we got our food, tatse like Houston's, but somehow just a lot more pricey....exceptional. Reminds you of Houston's mall food court.
1	Sbarro... How you disappoint me! So I go to Sbarro after walking the strip in Vegas, and oh man does pizza sound good. We walk in and see the jacked up price, $9.99 for a slice and breadsticks. I got pepperoni and sausage an it tasted like cardboard, and felt like it as well. Also, if it says "breadsticks" on the menu, usually this means more than 1. But I guess at this Sbarro it means only 1, no arguing! All in all very disappointed!
5	I ate a slice of pizza, then all I remember is putting my head down and I was KO'd.Oh Vegas...
3	Had a quick little snack here at the Monte Carlo. Not much to review about here. Its just pizza that isn't that great. I was just in the mood for pizza and had to settle for this. Still reminds me of fast food joint even though some consider it not to be. I am a sucker for pizza so I just had to put an extra star for that fact (yes my rating is a bit bias) but at least I'm mentioning it here in my review so you guys will know if you do read my reviews. I also like the fact that they have a few other choice like pasta other than just pizza.
3	It's a Sbarro, and just a normal one at that.  Decent pizza with good sized portions.  However, being in a hotel and being in Vegas, it has to have Vegas prices.  Two slices and two bottles of water set me back almost 20 dollars. If I wasn't jet lagged and so tired I wouldn't have gone here, but I simply came here out of convenience.
2	I love pizza after drinking, and our first night, we all got slices. The pizza was super salty and bread was a bit cardboard tasting like? I haven't had Sbarro in years, but don't remember it tasting this bad? Wonder if its because its open 24 hours, and the pizza was a bit old? They're not super cheap either, about $5 a slice.
2	OMG sbarros! You guys suck in Las Vegas! The prices were high for no reason, there was no combos, and the flavor of the food was not good :( And I LOVE the sbarros here in SD, so believe me I know what Sbarros is supposed to taste like.
4	It's Sbarro....we all have been here.  It's pizza...it isn't true NY Thin crust nor true Chicago Deep or Pan.  But it is pretty good pizza when it's 3am, you've been drinking, and you've been losing your a$$ in the casinos and have $9 left in your pocket and you don't want to hit the ATM for another $100 withdraw and an $8 ATM fee plus whatever your bank charges you.  Avoid ordering drinks here...$3 for a drink...coke, water, whatever...it's all ~$3.I probably sound like a cheap old man...but seriously enjoyed how I can walk here (all indoor so no need to worry about temps of 110 or 40 and rain/windy)  from either Monte or Aria, at any hour...and get a decent piece of food that will fix my craving for less than $5.Tip: Get a drink in the casino...then stroll down to Sbarro...get a slice of "roni" then go to sleep.  Total cost...$4.85.  Score!!!
1	I'm a sucker for fast food, even at Las Vegas, where celebrity chefs are found around every corner. I appreciated the fact that the food court somehow didn't smell overwhelmingly of smoke (which happens very often at food courts in Vegas hotels) and was expecting the usual cheap, passable fare from Sbarro. The prices weren't extremely hiked up, but it was enough to make me expect something worthwhile for the money. My family and I naturally got an entire pizza, and we waited five minutes, then ten minutes, fifteen minutes... up to half an hour. I would expect that much delay if the stall was booming with customers, but more than half of the workers were lounging around, and I had not seen any signs of the pizza even being put into the oven. When I inquired after my order, they just started making it then.That wasn't the worst part of the experience, though -- at this point, I was just thinking that at least they had started making a fresh pizza. I didn't expect it to be so fresh that it was half-baked by the time it came out of the oven! When I took it back to the cashier, she had the nerve to insist that that was the way Sbarro baked their pizza. I don't think white dough, raw onions, and unmelted cheese is standard at ANY pizza place, much less a fast food pizza joint. The manager came out after a few minutes of arguing between the cashier and me, and at least gave us a full refund. My younger sister got a stomachache after (because she was the only one who had eaten a slice). The entire experience really put me off Sbarro.
2	$4.50 for a slice of pizza wasn't the worse of it. It is grease overload. I had to use 4 napkins to soak it all in. The pizza was OK, they are open late so I suppose the greasyness will be 10x better when drunk.
3	Ok so when it's around 2 am and you just won a good amount of money on the nickle slots, what do you do?  You celebrate with some Sbarro pizza, that's what you do.  I got one slice of pepperoni and mushroom and it hit the spot.  Ok when you're in a hurry and need something quick.
3	Typical Sbarro pizza but when you're hungry and the other stuff is closed there's nothing better than average pizza. Pizza was alright but kind of greasy and it was entertaining watching the one employee awkwardly trying to flirt with the woman ahead of me in line with her husband right there.
4	Had a slice of pepperoni, they put it in the oven got it nice and hot and crispy. Paid under $5 which isn't terrible. Pizza was actually pretty good. Not gonna rave about the flavors but it didn't taste as bad as some other yelpers said. Overall I was satisfied and I will be back.
3	Enjoyed our food. Didn't expect much from a food court Italian place. My husband loved the Stromboli although it was far too greasy. I just had cheese pizza and it was fine. May go back again for a Stromboli.
2	Terrible service. Indifferent towards customers and attitude of workers can be improve. This place can do a much better job with the customers that they have.
3	Went to this Sbarros in the Monte Carlo. The food was basic to say the least. I was not really impressed. I got a Hawaiian pizza slice, drink and a salad for $10. My boyfriend got a bowl og meatball marinara pasta for about $10 as well. The sauce looked watery and the taste was just okay. Nothing special. My pizza slice had way to much cheese for my liking. The Caesar salad however was fantastic, but then again, how hard is it to make a ceasar salad. Won't be returning
1	Absolutely TERRIBLE service! My family and I went there on our way back to the hotel, and my dad stood in line to make his order. However, the employees there completely ignored him and continued to serve at least two other parties behind him. When my dad reached out and politely asked them to take his order, an employee told him that he would have to wait until he rings up the group behind him, even though he already served a man behind my dad just a few seconds beforehand. No one even greeted my dad, asked him to wait (until he had to initiate the interaction), or simply acknowledge that he was there. It is, BY FAR, the worst service we have had the misfortune of encountering, and there was absolutely no excuse since it was not at all busy. I work in the dining services myself so I often do sympathize with the employees, but this is beyond understanding. I definitely would not recommend anybody to spend their money here! The only reason why I gave them one star is because I had to in order to post this review up. If it was up to me, they would not have earned any at all.
1	Employees are not happy at all. They are very stubborn and do not accommodate for any allergies. I don't think they like their job very much
4	Came here for late night eats in the Monte Carlo Hotel & Casino.  Pizza was pizza, nothing spectacular.  Was slightly annoyed that they said the ziti would be out for my sister in 5 minutes and 15 minutes later she still hadn't gotten her food (and I was just about done eating my pizza).
