1	I bought a number of items there. among them there was- 1 item off the floor it wasn't delivered on schedule no biggie- 1 entry door with transom ($500)- 1 custom window $1,200.The style of the door and the transom didn't match, I called and was told "that's what you ordered" . Really I asked for mismatched styles? I ordered for the lightest clearest low-e glass available, I got the dark type of glass that's recommended for Fla, Nm, Az etc. " That's what you ordered" was the response again. They don't even bother to ask what was shipped or what you ordered, they don't want to know because CYA is the order of the day.Then when you go over your buyer's order you realize that regardless of the conversation you had with their salesperson the printed order is so vague that they could ship you anything at all and claim that's what you ordered. My contractor bought my siding there, it's an off-brand and the quality doesn't impress. Really shoddy practicesI ordered the rest of the windows ( Andersen) from The Plywood Mart although they won't match these and they were more expensive, that shows how I feel about sponsoring this store again
1	Our country club recently hired the building company to install a rather large deck. After it was installed, several boards warped on the railing causing the dowels to fall out (dangerous) and the facia board all the way around warped. After MANY calls and emails they finally had someone show up only to say "warping isn't covered". It arped after one month! They said they would fix it for additional money - $1200. I can promise you these people will NOT stand behind their work and if you can find another retailer/contractor, I highly recommend doing so. Do not do business with these people.
1	I agree with the 1 star here. It seems every time I'm in here I catch these guys when they have had a bad day. I'm in alot of businesses during the day and this has to be my least favorite one to go to. Not because of the product but the customer experience!
