4	The staff here is always so friendly. I went in on 4/22 for their Earth Day special. If you brought in an old product container they were giving out full size face wash in return. Even though I'm sure the staff's whole day consisted of people looking for free stuff they kept their composure. I love their products and I really like that the company is environmentally conscious. Nicely done!
4	Visited Origins last week in search of organic and parabens-free facial products (cleanser and day and night facial creams/lotions) and found an eager and patient helper in Cache (short for Cacharel-- I surprised her by knowing this, but I've heard of the French clothing brand from long, long ago).  She helped me search for products that were free of the allergens that plague me (corn, avocado, orange and sweet almond oils, to name a few), of which most of these natural plant-based products are made.  We finally found three products that looked promising, and headed to the sink to try using them (cleanser first, then one moisturizer I applied solely on my hands, and the other on the areas on my lower arms below the wrists.  After only a few seconds of application, my right hand started to itch a little, and upon close inspection, I found corn (zea mays), in the form of cornstarch, to be the culprit.  This was the only product of the three that I didn't closely inspect myself.  No worries, though, for it was just one more proof to myself that my specific allergies aren't "just in my head."  I hope to be able to spend more time looking over the products to see what else I may find.  Parabens have long been known to imitate estrogens' effects on the body, so if you come from a family with a history of breast, or skin cancer, you really do want to stay away from these nasty ingredients, as well as sulfates and phthalates!  (I also avoid buying these products because it means I'm putting less of them into the air, land, and water when I apply them on, or when I wash them off!)  Another plus is that Origins' products also smell delightful!  I spied a line of Dr. Andrew Weil for Origins products that took almost a fourth of the store's space, and I didn't have much time to inspect them, but of those I did, the vast percentage did contain orange and sweet almond oils, avocado, and corn.  If you aren't allergic and do want to switch to all-natural products, you may want to give Origins a try!
