5	Joe Filter is a easy way to order my home air filters online. I highly recommend checking out their webiste at www.Joefilter.com. It was simple and inexpensive to purchase my filters.
5	Joe filter came out and did my monthly service. I was totally impressed with their attention to detail and their knowledge about the products in my home. How wonderful to have the batteries replaced in all 9 of my smoke alarms, 5 bags of salt added to my water softener. Vacuum cleaned out and shined up to look like new. That includes being able to see the white on the filter. 4 ac/heat filters replaced with the filter of my liking. The best part was I had a question wether they could tell if my RO system was working correctly. They had a tester with them and I had the answer in 20 seconds. My suggestion is that you call for your introduction appointment and experience what I did with Joe Filters team.
5	Actually had our barbecue cleaned by Joe Filter!The tech was friendly and our old barbecue looks like NEW!
5	Thanks Joe Filter. Your guys were super good to work with and went above and beyond to climb on our roof to service our AC unit's filters. I'm just glad that I will never have to worry about when, what, how to replace filters again!
5	Wow, I am so excited this service is available. It is such a great concept. Joe Filter came to my home replaced my fridge filter, cleaned my vacuum, changed my air filter and even offered to clean the door that holds in the air filter. The staff was friendly and professional. It was such a pleasure booking my appointment with Robin. She explained everything in such detail and really listened and cared about my needs. The service professional arrived on time, was bright and cheery, and seemed to love his work. He took special care for my home as if it was his own.As a Realtor, I will definitely be recommending this service to my clients. I couldn't buy the materials (fridge and a/c filter) at a home repair store for less than it cost Joe Filter to come to my home and do it all for me. Plus, who wouldn't love someone coming and cleaning out their vacuum? I am booking with them to get my BBQ cleaned on my next appointment. Can't wait!
5	What a great service!!!  I own a window cleaning company, some of my friends are carpet cleaners and some are house cleaners.  None of us change filters and none of us remember to change them in our own homes.  I also don't clean BBQs which is another great service Joe Filter provides.  I would ask everyone who reads this to check how clean their filters are and go outside and see if your BBQ needs a good cleaning. Pick up the phone, call Joe Filter and never have to worry about changing filters and cleaning your BBQ yourself ever again!
5	Just had Joe Filter out to service/replace our RO Filters. The experience was better than even I expected. Words to best describe the experience were: Prompt, Professional, Clean, Convenient, Efficient and Reasonably Priced. Not to mention- it's just a great concept in Home Services. Thomas and his Team will be getting more referrals from me.
5	Called yesterday. These folks were here today . Next day service, I like that!  Needed my BBQ cleaned. Technician was nice, informative, and professional. He cleaned my BBQ grill and made it sparkle inside and out. Thanks Joe Filter for a job well done! Now let's spark that thing up and grill us some ribs!!
