5	This is a fabulous coffee shop that also serves wine, beer and food. Highly recommend the flatbread with goat cheese, olives and avocado. All the ingredients were so fresh! They brew Anodyne coffee which is one of my favorites - if you are looking for a perfectly and expertly brewed cup of high quality coffee, this is a great place to go. They also support the local music scene and are operating as a venue for acoustic acts. I saw a show here recently and it was amazing. The sound is great and the band was awesome and a perfect fit for this venue. In short, highly recommend this place whether you're looking for coffee in the afternoon or a drink and some good music at night. The staff are incredibly friendly and helpful as well. Five stars all around!
5	Monroe is chock full of locally owned businesses. (No surprise there.)But there are only a few that totally stand out and blow everyone else away. And when I say blow everyone else away, I mean like a gust of friggin' "we're not in Kansas City anymore" type wind. The newly named (new owners/new look) Crescendo Espresso is one such place. And after you read this you need to go there. You need to grab a pour over or cold brew. You need to sit and soak up what I think is one of the most overlooked and under appreciated (for now - this will change) cafes on that side of town. The owners Cait and Paul are some of the coolest folks I've met in Madison. One of them will probably be there when you are. Paul designed the logo and had it inked on his bod, and Cait has been with the place for a bit, first as a barista before taking the keys. Crescendo is their baby.They recently got married, and even amidst this life altering change, they carved out time to make some awesome adjustments inside and out. Gone is that horrific canopy that blocked every ray of sunshine from pouring through those tall windows. The space is now bright and fresh. There's been some counter re-adjustment, so the area between you and your barista is more open and accessible... like a cafe should be. There's a way cool pour over station with crazy digital scales that have more buttons than a novice like me understands, a station built by Cait's father. And as for the coffee... it's incredible. Anoydye from Milwaukee. These guys are also in bands, different bands and if you ever get a chance to hear Cait sing, you're in for a treat. Music is part of their life and it's part of their concept. Eye over the website or Facebook page for awesome acts weekly. The acoustics are incredible.Now how do I know all of this? Because they're not afraid to share. It also helps that I always have a million questions because I write reviews in my head, but I can't take all the credit. Everyone on the staff is welcoming and kind, quick to strike up conversation, like you'd expect from a cafe who's mission is to blow people away.
5	After a change of hands, this cafe spot on Monroe Street has transitioned to the perfect place to learn more about coffee, listen to some live music and enjoy the company of neighbors and friends.The owners are enthusiastic about music + coffee and they really show it! A new, custom made pour-over station ensures you get a cup of the best quality and learn something new while you're at it! Some alterations to the front of the shop let more light in for a fresh, relaxing spot to do what you need to do while you caffeinate.If it's a little too late for java, there are wine and beer options, too! Hungry? The flatbread is delicious!
4	Kick back with a book, a soy latte, and a Silly Yak gluten free vegan chocolate raspberry muffin (if you have the weirdest diet but love all of the delicious). A Monroe street gem of a coffee shop.
4	Realistically this is all I need in a local coffee shop. A rotating display of art work on the walls, great music playing in the background, mismatched plates & mugs, sunshine streaming in through the windows, the opportunity to catch some local bands or author readings.  And of course, great coffee.  I don't need to buy a mug with a company logo on it or some schmaltzy last minute gift that screams "I didn't try.  At all."  Looking forward to many return visits with laptop in tow & pretending to be working while what I'm most likely doing is running background checks on potential dates.
1	Only had the iced coffee and won't get it again. They fill half the cup with water and then put a "concentrated" coffee in it. Not good, tastes watered down and bitter. Brewed coffee is on the only way to go for iced coffee.
4	Get the Mocha Blended thing, amazing! This place is also great to keep an eye on for live music, which they feature pretty regularly. Cozy little setup, owners are always there, good conversation, great Frappes.
4	Great place, love the fireplace on a cold day, and the coffee is excellent.I don't like that some of the baked goods are sealed in plastic.
4	Barista was super friendly and helpful.  She explained the coffees and answered all my questions.  The coffee was great and so was the cranberry cookie. Good place to relax and people watch.
5	My favorite coffee shop in town.Cait and Paul are humble and warm business owners that are always improving the atmosphere of their shop. They love Madison, its music scene, and good coffee. They serve Anodyne, one of Wisconsin's finest roasters; and recently even started serving their cold brew coffee in single serve bottles and on tap (yes, on tap). Great place to study, meet with friends, or take in a show.
5	Initially went as a friend of mine was performing and was blown away with the atmosphere. I am not really a coffee aficionado but I can honestly I had one of the best cups of coffee I have ever had. They know there stuff. The owners really take pride in this place and made it their own. It feels like you are part of the family when you are there. Loved it!
3	So, first, the good.The coffee. Is. GOOD. On par with Victory on Atwood, my very favorite in town. Anodyne, first time I've had it, and I ordered it pourover, Ethiopian. Really, really, really good. You can choose any of the beans they have, not just the daily choices, so that's cool.The signage. They've probably used someone like Planet Propaganda to design their logo and corporate ID, and it's good.And now, the rest. Prices. $5.00 for a Chemex brew? That's nuts. At Victory it's in the $3 range. A pourover here is $2.75, also a bit high. They list 'creative add ins' for your coffee, and they want .65 to add honey. What?? There's honey on the homey, heavy wood Sideboard stand.behind you to add in, for free. In a big squeeze bottle, with one inch of hardened honey in the bottom. Good luck getting that out. There's also one stainless steel dispenser, unlabeled, which you assume is cream. It has about a teaspoon of liquid in it. You pour it in, and when you give them the container to refill, they tell you it was skim milk. Ugh. They insist that it *is* labeled. You look again, and sure enough, once upon a time, someone wrote 'skim' on it, in Sharpie, which is 90% scratched off now.Seating.The place was pretty full on a Saturday morning (11/1/14). No table seating was available. Much has been made of their fireplace, which has exactly one chair next to it. With a big hole ripped in the arm. That was the only seat, so I took it. Outlets.None visible. Wifi requires a password, which is not apparent until you try to log in. Another patron supplied it to me.Service.Harried, unsmiling, no greeting. The staff seems stressed and unhappy. I just don't see why it's so hard to look up, say hi, and smile when a customer comes through the door. You need to set the mood, welcome and acknowledge people, then the wait isn't such a big deal. Their go-to move seems to be to apologize once someone finally reaches the counter. They apologized to everyone. Cleanliness.Not so good. Borderline grimy. The self service containers, dispensers, floors. The armchair next to me has spilled coffee that has dripped down and dried all over the side. Ugh. The massively bearded dude making the food behind the counter wore gloves, occasionally.Summary...I'll try them again in the evening sometime for music and wine. I have a feeling that's where their heart lies, and that's cool. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here for coffee or food again, although the coffee was well prepared. That's the best thing I can say. I hovered between two and three stars, but the coffee decided it. Everything else honestly needs help.
5	This just in: Avocado Toast is a 2015 food trend to watch.Where did I learn of this? Time Magazine aka a really reputable source for trending foods across the land. You know who's been serving Avocado Toast for like, ever? Crescendo. Which means two things:1. Crescendo Espresso Bar is a trendsetter. 2. They're more reputable than Time magazine because they've been putting avocado on toast for longer. In all seriousness though is is probably my favorite food item if I'm sitting down for a wealth of work. Something about my favorite mashed up fruit on a warm piece of thick cut toast just really gets this guy going. It's creamy and toasty and barely fits in your mouth the way they cut the bread, AND if you're looking to heat things up, they'll sprinkle a little cayenne pepper and add a few drops of hot sauce. Also important to point out is the fact that the beautiful work-worked pour over station they use on site can come home with you! Well, not THAT one, but a different pour over stand. Cait's dad Joe made several for holiday gifting, so pop in and check out all the options. And if you're reading this after the holidays, the stands would still make a stellar gift for a birthday, graduation, father's day, boxing day if you're Canadian... the list goes on. And the last little tidbit I'd like to leave here is Crescendo joins the ranks of only a half dozen places where you can purchase Yes coffee, a new roaster out in Monroe Wisconsin that makes a pretty mean bean. They have a decaf that in my opinion trumps their caffeinated varieties, which I understand is do in part to the careful work done by one of the owners who can't consume caffeine. That little hiccup makes the decaf roasting process all the more important for him and all the more delicious for you!
