5	The almonds cookies, homemade bread, etc. are incredible!!! The service is magnificent and the owner, Henry, is the nicest of the nicest. If you are in need of a great atmosphere with some awesome sweets, this is the place to travel miles and miles to get it.
5	Get a slice of cake the way you want it!Icing, toppings etc...Pieces are big so recommend you ask they split it.....Hazelnut icing + coconut flakes + marble cake = yum
5	Just pass by a couple time and read this  advertisement .so a decide to stop and try  the cake is very good. And i can choose the topping also the price is fair a try 3 thinks in my visit almond cookies is from the heaven yumm cake balls and cake is delicious. The coffee is perfect. If you are around give a try highly recommend
5	I've seen sweeteaz a few times but never went in. Today I decided to go in after eating lunch next door and I'm glad I did. We got two ice cream cookie sandwiches. The chocolate chip cookies were to die for and the ice cream was really flavorful with a soft creamy consistency. At 1.99 a piece they were a total steal. The owner is very nice and helpful. He gave us a sample of his almond cookies and they are delicious!! Stop by and support a great local business
4	I live around here so I decided to stop in for some coffee to see what it was about.The guy working (I'm assuming the manager) was really nice and patient while I debated what I wanted (granted, I was the only one in there).  My iced coffee was good and not too sweet but nothing to write home about.  I can't vouch for the desserts, but he did offer me a sample of one of the cookies and it was really good! Overall, 3 for the coffee, 5 for the service...averages out to a 4 and I will definitely go back and try the baked goods!
5	A little jewel of a sweet bakery!  He'll decorate a celebration cake to your liking on the spot.  Cookies are to the envy of any Grandma, especially the peanut butter.  A very personable owner has always been there the half dozen or so times I've stopped in.  He's expanded his offerings a little bit at time, all with the sweet tooth in mind.  This is a special place!
