3	Came for a smog. Took the associates awhile to notice I was waiting to be helped. I was instructed to go to the smog machine where I sat again unnoticed for quite sometime.Also came here for a decent carwash, which bumped the review up to 3 stars.
4	Recently went here to get my car's oil changed. I went on a Tuesday morning so the place was not busy at all. I mean, if it's possible for you to get your car's services done on a weekday, it's always better in my opinion.The place is kinda run-down, but the service was quick enough for me. In fact, it barely took the kid 30 seconds to see I was waiting. A nice older gentleman also informed me my air filter should be changed. I knew they were going to say that so I said to go ahead and do it. He also filled up my tires as well.The service took just about 30 minutes. Really quick and all the workers were professional and nice. My car has been running perfectly fine (it's been two days since I got it done). Bonus - you also get a free car wash when you get services done here.No complaints from me!
1	I got a coupon for an oil change.  Talk about bait and switch.  It offered $19.95, but after giving me sort of ridiculous excuses, the charge for my beetle was going to be $39.95 !!!  And they said it used 8 qts of oil (I wonder where they would put it !!).  I guess their bankruptcy has inflated their costs....  I told them not to bother sending me coupons anymore and wasting my time.
4	I feel like this gas last me a bit longer than any other types of gas stations. Texaco has always been a favorite. I'm constantly going in with my chefs cost and the cashiers always recognize me, very helpful and friendly.
5	the communication was very good within the workers & very speedy,& the guy BEN was very thorough, thanx guys
1	Took my suv there a couple of weeks ago to get an oil change. It drove fine on the way home and it's just parked in the garage. Now on our way or out and the car doesn't stay on and we checked the oil and is bone dry. Charged me extra for more oil to be aside supposedly it takes 7 quarts. This is the second time something happened because of there carelessnes. The first is when they took my air filter out telling me I needed a new one what I just changed it myself. I drove home and I had a feeling I should just to check everything out I lifted the hood and saw they just left all the parts to the air filter and didn't put out back in.  I use to love going here but they have really let the ball drop. I will not be coming back
5	I particularly like this gas station b/c if you add a car wash when pumping your gas you get $0.20 off per gallon! This is also one of the few stations I've come across that have Chevron Techron gas, has a good car wash while ALSO offering the $0.20/gallon off when adding a wash to ur order at the pump! The lady that works the car wash window is always so nice and a pleasure to see. Chevron is the only gas we'll put in any of our vehicles. Do your reading if you aren't doing the same (and you care about your car).  And for all of that I give them the 5 stars of gas approval!
2	Went for the gas, a car wash, and (primarily) and oil change. Normally went there with my old eclipse and cost maybe $35-$40 to get an oil change and everything topped off. With my charger is the cost shot up to $72 for a basic oil change with full synthetic, after being told it was $50+fees. They didn't top any of the fluids off or check anything else in the car at all. Definitely not my best experience with them and won't be going again. Only get an additional star for the gas station and car wash combo that allows you to save a bit on the actual wash. Didn't go there for a $10 car wash just to get charged $72 for oil.
3	Our usual place for a car wash. Fast and easy...
