5	This place is amazing!!! It's always clean, the staff/members are all great people and it doesn't smell like feet like some of the other places in Phoenix.  Not only are the physical benefits of this class tremendous but I feel so refreshed and happy afterwards.  This is the best way I've found to keep me feeling great both physically and mentally!
5	I have only been coming here a short while but can already tell the studio is great! It is VERY clean and thoughtfully designed. All of the instructors have been very encouraging and have a good presence in the studio.  I appreciate that this studio offers a variety of classes, including 60 minute classes in addition to the traditional 90 min class.  The class schedule is designed to allow enough time for students to arrive early and relax afterwards without ever feeling rushed.  I recommend this studio for anyone new to yoga as well as those who have been practicing for years.
5	Great people who are very good at teaching yoga and helping you get the most out of your practice. They also provide great workshops to help with hard poses. I highly recommend them!!!!
5	I love this studio, Jim and Robin make it a very personable experience.
3	This is warm yoga. Not "hot". I bought a $59 2 month groupon, brought my water, towel, super ready for some hot yoga after some experience with bikram, corepower, and sumits. However, there were several aspects in the session that had me desiring something more. In this 60 minute "hot yoga" session, it was never "hot". At least not to me. My muscles never felt warm enough to fully practice the stances and flows and by the middle of the session my body didn't feel comfortable attempting the finger stand. I'm not asking for lava yoga in 120 degree heat but at least have warmer air flowing, or take out the "hot" yoga title that you claim. I only give three stars and not two because of how nice the owner was, for warmly welcoming us and calling to follow up. I really wanted to like the studio but I cannot. He followed up by calling after my first session and said that the class I attended was their "hottest.." So with that conclusion  I simply didn't go. I wish I knew about that before I spent my money as a student on the 2 month pass. Don't make my mistake and definitely check the studio out first before making this purchase.
5	I practiced bikram yoga here last year for about a little over one month before I moved away to Pittsburgh, PA for a new job relocation and I think that they change their name this year. This is the best Bikram yoga studio that I have ever been. Both Robin and Jim are  good Yoga teachers  and the temperature in the studio is hot enough to get the right impacts of the bikram yoga that I don't get from other larger bikram studios. I was trying to lose weights. I always got a breakthrough in my weight loss after a class there. I think it's because of the right temperature. I have moved around a bite and practiced in different yoga studios. This one is my favorite by far.  The studio is very clean and nice. The decor is very classic. I like the size of the studio.The only thing for me is a little out of my way. I used to work nearby. I wish I have found them earlier when I was with my old job.  The teachers are sincerely nice.  You can tell that they really like to share their yoga practice from their hearts and they also practice diligently themselves. This is the only bikram studio or Yoga studio  that I have been that the owners actually practice yoga with others when they are not teaching. Robin's classes were my favorite. There were a couple of poses that I never feel that I was doing it right until her classes or the sr. instructor that they invited to the studio. Coming from somebody who only tells you the truth and nothing but the truth -- I will rate this place 7 out of 5.
5	Before starting yoga here my ailments were:Chronic Stress and anxiety especiall  social anxietyDepressionHorrific dreams if I could ever actually sleepObesity(not helped by my allergies to most fruits and vegetables)Chronic and debilitating facial sweatingThinning hairLackluster skin with severe acneSevere asthmaVery imbalanced hormonesHigh blood pressure and cholesterolAnd of course very low self esteemThe facility is brand new, beautiful and very clean. Each instructor has there own special teachings gifts, one pushes u more once they know u, one more inspirational, and one helps more by deeply explaining the postures. (Ill let u figure out who does what;) They are all terrific teachers, who practice regularly and always strive to learn and grow in their own practice.  The owners are kindhearted and are open to suggestion. They added new, harder, and HOTTER classes this month to appease some of the more advanced students. They also have great starting rates.The first day I felt such a rush, but so tired after class I felt as if I had just had the big "o" no joke.  I was relaxed and ready for bed. My mind was cleared and any issues i could've worried about faded because I didn't have all the extra nervous energy to needlessly worry with.After a week I was able to hold my own but was still exhausted with that insanely good feeling of calm or natural high at the end.After a month all of my anxiety symptoms began to slowly alleviate and when I felt it coming on I'd go to class and pushmyself to get that healthy form of exhaustion again. (Although the tiredness u feel at first becomes a calm form of energy with practice, which also helps me to remember my sense of calm and confidence when battling social anxiety.)My hair and skin are looking better(I've actually been COMPLEMENTED ON BOTH!) My sweating has decreased drastically both due to a better balanced body and less stress. My ASTHMA is GETTING BETTER and they teach you to breath properly which carries into the real world. The heated classes feel amazing on my lungs (although sometimes it makes me need to clear chest congestion, which helps my health, but is gross so I try to stay in the back of class.)  My blood pressure dropped and my resting heart rate dropped drastically, the doctor was shocked!  My sleep and dreams come more easily and less horrific, most importantly without the use of any sort of drug to induce sleep like I used to need.  I also drop weight continually, even with my issues eating healthy foods. Also my CELLULITE  is DECREASING!!I'm so much more confident in my own ability and am more in tune with who I am, what I want, and how I'm going to achieve my goals.  I'm literally rebuilding the person I want to be, in and out of the class.  My doctor even agreed that perhaps I don't need anti depressants which he was set on before. I have very high hopes! Thanks Blue Phoenix!If your ready to change your life this is the place to do it. Good luck!!
5	This was my first experience doing hot yoga. I purchased an unlimited 2 month pass on Groupon and made a commitment to go 3-4 times a week. From the very first class I was hooked. The owners/teachers, Jim and Robin, are wonderful. The classes are made for all experience levels. It is amazing how quickly you improve your self awareness, balance, flexibility and strength.  I highly recommend this yoga studio and I am sure you will love it too.
5	I like this place a lot, it's owned by a woman who was one of my favorite yoga instructors at another facility, and when I found out she opened this place I made the switch.  The room is nice and big and the bathrooms are amazing compared to other yoga studios I've been to. You actually have room to shower and get ready for work after a class. It's not two inches big where you're rubbing up against other sweaty people that are trying to jump in the shower as you're jumping out.Their heater system for the room is nice, it's this tube that wraps around the room and the heat comes out the holes.  At other studios I've been to you have heat coming out of one section of the room and fans trying to distribute it evenly.  All this accomplishes is on kid passing out under the heater, and another 20 standing on the other side of the room accidentally slapping and kicking one another in the face.As far as the classes go, I'm torn on whether I like them or not.  The studios I use to go to had 90 minute standard bikram yoga classes which I've grown accustomed to.  But this studio has about 4 or 5 different types of classes you can choose from, ranging from 60 mins to 90 mins.  It great when you're exhausted or sick and trying to force yourself into at least showing up for the 60 minute class, and it helps fit more into your schedule for the day, but I just wish there were more scheduled standard Bikram classes.  However, it's not the end of the world for me and wouldn't turn me away from this place at all. One could always opts to do 2 classes back to back and get 120 mins which is perfectly doable as I use to do two 90 min classes back to back, once upon a time.Overall I love this place and will continue to get my fix of hot yoga here.  And for those who suffer from pinched nerves, such as I do, hot yoga seems to be the miracle cure for taking my pain away for 6 months to a year at a time after stopping attending class. 30 days on, 6 months to a year pain free.
