4	Quick  and friendly service. Cheap prices. Great food.
4	Good Service through the driveway - always speedy
4	By far, I prefer this fast food restaurant over all others! I've been coming here for about three years and have only had a few issues with service. The staff is friendly, the food is usually good, and the restaurant is fairly quiet throughout the day. Aside for the few times where food has taken longer than expected to be made (or a wrong order given to us), my family has had good times at this place. My sole complaint (aside from the general issues with food service that arise every now and again)  is that the counter help sometimes bring your trays of food to your table. This is a nice plus in the fast food industry, but it irritates me when I have to walk to get my food and then proceed to watch as the people next to us have their food brought to them despite there being no issues regarding age or disability. It is completely disrespectful and rude when this occurs. It implies that there is a level of class that you do not have and that others do. I would recommend that all food is brought to the customers or that no food is brought out. I understand that I dress extremely casual for a person with a law degree, but providing that added service to a person based upon appearance is ridiculous.
1	I can't complain about the food because that was just a burger and fries for me. It's just that the service here always sucked and it sucked once more. The drive thru is always slow and the service is not good either. If you go and hit the drive thru just expect a very long wait as that is their norm. If you do happen to go and it happens fast.. Thank your lucky stars and move on
2	This location is always slow. The lemonade tastes horrible. The driveway is odd and inconvenient. You can only make a right-hand turn on both exits.
2	Service was ok, but food was lousy. The breakfast sandwich was cold so I took it back, they gave me another one that was lukewarm. I took two bites and threw it away and left.
1	Stopped here for lunch because it looked fairly new and it was convenient. This was the first time I actually threw my food in the garbage rather than wait in line again to complain. Won't be returning.
1	Worst burger king ever....my Bacon cheeseburger had two end pieces of bacon with no middle.  How cheap is that...wow. Never again
