4	This little secret is tucked away at the end of a busy street just off Sherbrooke. If you have ever been to the Paperchase stores in London you will love this great stationary shop. It's about time Montreal had a alternative from Essence du Papier which has gone a bit stale in the last few years.I love the window displays (airline food carts the last time I was there) and they have a very wide selection of notebooks, gadgets, Manhattan Portage bags (very reasonably priced), loose paper, notebooks from all over the world, pens etc. Another great thing is the staff leave you alone (very European) and don't pester you as soon as you walk in the door. I could really spend a fortune in this store and whenever I need fresh smelling jotters, pads and  notepads this store is first on my list.
5	Nota Bene stocks unique products and the store owner is simply amazing. He knows all his products well, travels everywhere to find more interesting things to bring back and helps out the Montreal art community with his upstairs gallery.Check it out and support a great local business!
5	Russell, the owner of Nota Bene, is what many stores in Montreal should strive to be like. He spends time with you, loves talking about his products and sets the bar very high for all other store owners everywhere.
5	This is the best god damn stationary store I've ever been in.They have so much great stuff, and the staff are so helpful and friendly.They did not judge me when I chose a non recycled note book over one with recycled paper.i hate recycling. i can't find a place to review that so I will do it here:I hate recycling it's a waste of time and it doesn't really help all that much.
5	Wonderful place, great service, lots of  one - of- a -kind or difficult to find products, The owner,  Russell, is very helpful, open to your suggestions for something you'd like to buy but can't find, no attitude, no snobbery. I've been a customer of his since he was in Westmount, & have been going back ever since. Highly recommended.
5	I agree with Betty. This is the best god damn stationary store I've ever been to.
5	Great place...even better service,
5	I LOVE THIS STATIONERY SHOPPE! My husband and I got everything we needed to make our own wedding invitations, our daughter's baptism invitations and more recently, birthday invitations. Every time I have visited, Russell, the owner, has spent tons of time with me and he always goes way out of his way to help me with my invitation projects. Once he had over-nighted material from Chicago so that I could have what I needed ASAP. I love to take time out to investigate all of Russell's fun finds - he travels all over the world to fill his store with great and unique stationery supplies. If you love high-end paper, pens, stationery and office supplies (once I purchased lovely adhesive tape imported from Japan), then you need to check out this store!On a side note, Russell is a big supporter of the Montreal art community. The second floor of the store is dedicated to local artists.
4	I looked all over for the island of Montreal for some decent quality paper to write my letters.. I am so glad i found this store. It sells a variety of different styles of paper and envelopes. Nice pens too.The sales people were helpful and spoke English and French
5	Ahhh, just the enjoyment of writing an update about Nota Bene. I've been going there for a number of years now and every trip is an enjoyment. Russell, the owner, is such a great guy and sets the bar exceedingly high for serving his clients. He's become a friend, to the point where I actually bumped into him at Frankfurt airport!!If I was to create my own ideal neighborhood, then Russell and Nota Bene would be right there on the top of my list.
5	The beginning and end as far as stationary goes when you're in the downtown core. Great service, superior products. A must if you're a pen/notebook hound like yours truly.
5	Great shop. I have been going there for about five years and always recognize the owner there. They have a great selection of writing instruments and paper products. I like how they have a lot of things from Europe and even Asia. Products that you can't find anywhere else. I will continue stopping by here each time I am in Montreal. The place is very European.
5	This is like walking into heaven -- if heaven was a paper store. They have everything you need, and extras. Be careful not to spend your whole paycheck here, it would be all too easy to do that! The staff and owner was great, and spoke both French and English. Very helpful! I'll be back.
5	Fancy products, amazing service and very knowledgable, very nice clean store and modern and just cool and fun! Definitely just check this place out for fun if you don't plan on buying.
5	Stationary shop? This is a candy shop for students, writers and general pen wielders with a particular sweet spot for pretty graphic things. Thankfully you can leave guilt and cavity free, because between the stacks of fresh notebooks and bins of colourful pens to make you drool, stand a very present, courteous and knowledgeable staff who are willing to help you find what you need. They sell some of their Moleskines individually, too.In short: a place to spend some time in.
5	I've been going here for years since I was a student at McGill. It has THE BEST collection of office/pen/stationary supplies. I go here every time I go to Montreal to stock up. The staff is very knowledgeable and kind if you would like assistance searching for a particular item. This place is a gem. Yes, it's expensive, but it couldn't be more worth it. They have products that can't be purchased anywhere else in Canada or the US. It's heaven.
5	We found this gem while we were waking around looking for lunch. As a couple of a writer and an artist, we were immediately pulled into the store.From the moment we stepped through the door, the staff was incredibly friendly. They were extremely knowledgeable and offered to answer any and alk questions we had about the various papers and writing instruments available- they even pulled out some rare products from the back to show us. They were always polite and never pushy about the sale.We could have easily spent hours here chatting it up with the awesome staff if we didn't realize about forty minutes in that we were starving.This is the kind of store you can excited to visit as an adult. The products are top quality and very reasonably priced and the staff is over-the-top-amazing. Our biggest disappointment is that this is too far away from NYC for us to frequent.
5	This place is absolutely great. Short walk from our hotel, friendly staff, wide variety of brands from all around, plenty of space and time to browse. Husband and I realized we shared a love of pens/paper in a way we hadn't discovered before. We both walked out purchases we love. Highly recommended.
4	I walked out with half a dozen notebooks that I simply HAD to have, for no particular reason. All different brands, none of which I'd ever heard of before. In retrospect, I spent too much, but at the moment they all seemed like a bargain.I was too entranced with the paper goods to play with the writing implements, but they seemed similarly well curated. The only bags I noticed were by Manhattan Portage, which feels a little too mainstream, but maybe that's because I'm from Manhattan.The window displays are witty invitation to visit, and the friendly staff offers personalized service in appealing, low-key surroundings.
5	Welcome to wonderland.Crack for designers and anyone who loves paper goods, stationary, design books, etc.Russell, the owner, is full of knowledge. They have the space pen referenced in Seinfeld for sale! He so graciously showed me various pens and answered every question. New and vintage designs.I could spend hours here.I'll probably go tomorrow. Yup, sounds good.
5	"This is the best god damn stationary store I've ever been in.""Welcome to wonderland."Yep. That about sums it up. Rhodia pads? Check. Clairefontaine? More than you can imagine. Fabriano? Yeah, sure, if you must.It's a wonderful, wonderful store, staffed with people who have a real passion for pen and paper, and because of this, there's no better place to shop for pen and paper!
