1	This place is TERRIBLE : I would give no stars, but that is not an option.If you want anything more than drip coffee you are SOL.  And be specific about your drip coffee order  ("room for cream", sometimes means "half full")I will recount my latest experience in a long string of "one more chance" visits to this specific location.It was cold and rainy, and perfect weather for a nice warm drink.  I arrived, ordered my drink AND . . .I waited for my Latte (a simple 2 shot, short Latte, nothing fancy here).I watched as the "barrista" FINALLY pulled the two shots for my latte . . Then let the cup sit, for a few minutes . . . He then poured milk into the latte, BUT stopped about half way full?! There the making of my drink stopped . . . It wasn't served to me half full, it just sat there getting colder. . .I waited, and waited, and looked on expectantly. . . After 15 minutes of waiting, and then watching this idiot make half of my latte, I realized that whatever "drink" I would get would be cold by the time I got it.So I finally had it and left (mind you I had already paid!!!!!).  Never again, I done with the BUX.
5	The girl here Jess is such a sweetheart!
4	I like this location a lot because this Starbucks is quick, convenient and unlike other reviews I've never ever encountered an issue with my drink - a major plus because sometimes walking into a Starbucks can be a nightmare in the morning.The crew here is lightening speed fast, and they take your order practically once you walk in the door to help get you on your way. Most of the people who walk in are in a rush to get to work, and finally I've found a Starbucks that actually understands that. This is just a cheerful place to be in the morning, it's your friendly neighborhood Starbucks.
2	Any true Starbucks fan has visited probably 50 different locations.  Well, I'll just say that out of the 10+ times I've been here, this is still the worst.I don't want to sound negative, so I'll just admit that I've never received quality customer service, and that parking here is an absolute nightmare (which is NOT their fault, so I gave them 2 stars).  Their customer service is more painful than a kick to the face with a golf shoe.On a more positive note...  Hey, the sun is shining!
5	As far as Starbucks go, this one is my favorite.  The staff there is always so friendly and ready to serve you with a smile.  Unlike most coffee shops (that are run by hipsters and burnouts) these people truly care about you and what you've done with your day.  They are also the only store I've been to that asks me if I would like to try something different in my drink, like adding mocha to a chai or caramel sauce to the pumpkin spice.  There is always high turnover at places like this, so negative reviews should be taken with a grain of salt, as a large percentage of the staff is different from one year ago.
1	I've been in town for a conference and have stopped at this starbucks several times.  The first time I went visited this location, there was a fly buzzing around the pastries.  I went back a couple times later and they were incredibly slow and were serving drinks out of order.    I went back today and I had to walk out because I couldn't wait any longer.  The pastry case was empty (at 4 pm) and they had to give a free drink coupon to the customer in front of me because they were out of something to make her drink with.  I visit starbucks around the country on a regular basis and this was the slowest by far.  There doesn't seem to be any urgency in their pace.  I've given this establishment several chances.  I won't be back.
4	The parking is the worst problem here... during the day the lot is JAMMED: too few spaces for too many businesses! Otherwise I'd give them 5 stars...Having said that,I'm a certified Starbucks Junkie, and a "regular" here. This location is where I stop for coffee and a snack after leaving my workout 3 days every week, and where I stop to buy my GF her favorite vanilla latte. The service is good, the staff is top-notch, and I like the layout of the interior. My drink orders are always correct. I never get the "Sorry, we're out of Pike Place" syndrome that I often get in the afternoon when I stop at other Starbucks locations. The service is as fast as Starbucks ever gets (not the highest bar to reach, I know). And, after going into a LOT of Starbucks, where the staff act like a bunch of slackers, the gang here really CARE... their performance shows it!This store is more clean, neat and organized than most other other locations, too... the Starbucks nearest my house is a PIGSTY behind the counter by comparison. I drive past 3 Starbucks on the way home from the Gym: this one is least convenient to get into, and it's STILL the one I prefer!
