5	My first mattress as a "grown adult" (as in I purchased myself and not my parents) was a Heavenly Bed from the Starwood brand hotels (the Westin Heavenly Bed). It certainly was heavenly and we kept that mattress for about 9 years!  But as time went on, the mattress got old from wear and tear and a few accidents made by our son and our puppy back in the days.  We had shopped for a mattress for quite some time, but the ones we wanted were so dang expensive - so we kept holding off and tried to justify it by saying, well the mattress is still sleep-able.  But in reality, it wasn't.  It was getting lumpy - our (hubs and I) backs were beginning to hurt from sleeping on it and it just, well, wasn't heavenly anymore.  We continued to shop around and decided to take our chance with Tuft & Needle.  A "local" company that seemed to take pride in their product.  The best part was that it wasn't cleaning out our bank!  We decided to give it a shot.  When the hubs brought the box home, I admit, I was a little concerned.  It came in a LONG rectangle box.  My first thought was, uhhh is this a futon type of mattress?  Because that's certainly not what I saw on their website.  How does a THICK, SQUARE mattress fit in a long rectangle one?  When we opened the box up, my worst fears came about, IT IS a futon type mattress!  It was rolled up!  What the heck, right? Hubs said just to lay it out and we'll see how it looks.  To my surprise, as we continued to unroll the mattress and place it on our box-spring, the mattress rose to 10-inches as advertised.  To make this long review short - it's been about 3 months now and we could not be happier with our decision.  The mattress is soft yet firm.  It's comfortable.  It's cozy and we've never slept better.  So long are our days of purchasing super expensive brand name mattresses.  Moving forward, we're purchasing here for all our future mattress needs.  AND, they have a 7-year warranty!!
5	Super comfortable, excellent quality and the customer service is unbeatable.  Shockingly affordable AND eco-friendly, a rarity in America
3	I have no idea what these mattresses are like, for it appears they don't want my business. Just moved to Phx and looking for an American made high quality mattress, and it seemed I found one...Alas, no reply via the appointment link on the web site, showroom not opened on Sunday, as posted on Yelp, and no one answered phone, or returned call.Tuft and Needle, are you serious...do you exist?OK, fast forward a few hours and J.T. contacts me and apologizes for the mis-information about store hours, but they're really not open on Sundays... Hey, I appreciate that, thanks! I set up an appointment the next day for the afternoon, and although I'm a few minutes late, was greeted outside their showroom and taken into this really cool, historical building; once home to a machine shop of some sort.I would have enjoyed a tour, but instead, taken to the bed display, which was exactly how I pictured it (I saw the web site). Nice bed and very comfy, and even though I liked it, I'm not too impressed...I guess I'll need to sleep on it.
5	I went in to take a look at their ten inch bed. I didn't have an appointment but everyone was very nice! They answered all the questions I had. The office space itself is also pretty sweet! I also really like the story of how the company came to be. Check them out if you are in the market for a new bed!
5	All mattress, no B.S. It's hard to not like their philosophy when it comes to producing and selling mattresses. They don't try to dazzle-dazzle you with nonsense marketing speak and you don't feel like you could have been ripped off after making the purchase. I've been sleeping on a T&N mattress for the last 6 months and am still impressed with it's comfort. It is far superior (and cheaper) to my previous foam mattress that came from everyone's favorite warehouse superstore. I'm glad Tuft & Needle came a long to change the mattress shopping game.
