1	Below is the letter written to the cruise line when we came home from our experience...To whom it may concern,I would like to start by saying a group of friends and I were very excited about tonights tropical cruise. We went so far as to follow the strongly suggested guidelines to dress accordingly for this themed outing (we had accessories from head to toe that included flowers in our hair, tropical clothing, grass skirts and a myriad of leis as well) because there was an offered prize for our efforts. The night started off well. The friendly captain informed us of the highlights which included the drink specials, food details and 2 competitions taking place throughout the night.The first alarming moment of the evening was when a member of our party noticed additional drink coupons were being distributed to some party patrons as they boarded the cruise (please note that not one member of our 5 person group received one of these additional coupons).Worth noting because it was a surprise to us, was the limited choice of liquor that was available with the "buy one, get one" coupon that was issued with our ticket purchase.  I would suggest that it be noted in the brochure or mentioned at the time of ticket purchase that this perk is so limited.During our introduction we were informed of the abundance of food that would be available to us because of the low attendance of this cruise. Myself, my husband and my friend were the last of the 14 party goers to go through the buffet. At this time, the bacon wrapped pineapple was completely gone and the macadamia crusted grouper had only 2 remaining pieces (for the 3 of us). At no time were these or any other dishes ever refilled despite our report to the captain. After returning to the bow once we finished our dinner the other couple in our party reported that the "hula competition" had taken place moments ago with only 4 of the fourteen patrons present (those who where currently on the bow of the boat). No one else on the boat was alerted that this opportunity to win another cruise was going to be taking place at this time. This was extremely disappointing because it was a highlight that we were really looking forward to!Finally as the captain announced we were 10 minutes from shore, my friend and I approached her to inquire about the second competition (that of the best dressed luau attendee).  At this time she quite bluntly informed us, while avoiding eye contact, that that prize had alreday been given to "the best tropical shirt" on board.  Please note that other than the five people in my party there was only one other person who even attempted to wear tropical attire.  This gentleman was quite mildly dressed in theme.  This guest seemed to be a returning customer as the captain knew him by name.  He was one of the people who received an extra drink coupon and it became clear at this time that he obviously had a connection with your cruise line.Needless to say, myself and the members of my party were endlessly let down throughout what we thought was going to be a wonderful night.  We know very well that word of mouth speaks volumes and unfortunately we have nothing positive to say about this experience. Because of our extreme disappointment, we felt it was important to make you aware of our negative experience. I hope that by informing you of this it will help you to better serve your guests in the future.Sincerely,
4	Really fun!!  Our Captain Terri was a hoot!  She kept things light, and sprinkled in some fun facts about Madison and Lake Mendota.  Also, she made sure to ask each party as they checked in if they were celebrating anything, which I thought was a great touch.  We did the cocktail cruise, and got "2 for 1's".   We loved it!  My husband tried the wings and said they were good.  I definitely recommend this cruise!  Thanks again Terri for a great experience!!
5	I'm surprised there aren't more reviews.  We did the lunch (on Lake Monona) and enjoyed it.  A 2 hour cruise, with a lunch buffet and cocktail service (soda and water are free, alcohol you pay for).  Food (including dessert) was prepared  at either the Mariner's Inn or Naut-i-gal, so it was good.  Some people said the Lake Mendota cruises are better; I could see that as Mendota is bigger--we finished Monona in an hour or less, and just kind of went back around.  You'll need some cash to tip the cocktail servers.  I think it was priced fairly overall.
3	I also am surprised that there are not more reviews for Betty Lou. We did the Monona brunch cruise and really liked it.Overall, the gig is pretty sweet, but I'll admit they have some serious room for improvement.Major cons: value for price, selection of seats on the boat, availability of crew/serviceMajor pros: taste and amount of food, quality of atmosphere/boatIt was really disappointing when we got on to be shoved out of the way by a group of young children, who ended up getting seats on the top deck. If you get there early (like we did), start to line up right in front of the wooden dock to the boats, as that's where they board from. It would be much more organized if they called groups onto the boat in the order they were booked.The food was AMAZING. So good and perfectly organized into appetizers, main course, and dessert. I loved it!The mimosas were tasty, but were weak and it was difficult to get a waitress/bartender as there were only 2 of them tending to the entire boat of 50 people. You are dismissed from your table to go and get food, but we were never dismissed for the first round. Again, it was difficult to get the attention of the crew/waitresses.The views were really scenic and the captain does a quick spin at the end so that you can take photos with the Capitol and the Monona Terrace in the background.
4	I recently went on a Betty Lou Cruise for a rehearsal dinner - 3 hour dinner cruise around Lake Mendota, and loved it! The staff are excellent; we received amazing service from the two waitors on board. They brought us drink refills, as well as finger food between courses.The food is also very good. Obviously not as complex as what you would receive in a restaurant, but it will definitely leave you feeling full and satisfied. You also get a ton of it. I don't even remember how many courses we were served, there had to be at least four! Drink selection is great as well. They serve a few island cocktails which really made me feel as though I was on vacation. Our captain was great. He made sure to point out a few landmarks along the lake that I had not even heard of. Only complaint (and it's a small one) is that the boat and furnishings seemed to be a bit outdated. Other than that, it was a perfect night!
5	I booked a Betty Lou private cruise on Lake Monona for my Mother's retirement party and it was great.  She loved it, which was the most important thing.  At $19 per person the open bar is a great deal.  The food was pretty good too - we ordered the basic appetizer setup and it was actually really nice.  It starts with chips and dip and moves into mini sandwiches and some slightly heavier items.  I also thought the boat was really cool too - there is an awesome covered outdoor area upstairs and a cute sort of throwback loungey area downstairs where the bar is.  The service was really great and the staff were laid back and fun.  The Betty Lou is almost a Madison institution and I highly recommend a private cruise for a special event.
4	Did the champagne brunch cruise. The staff was really nice and it was a fun afternoon. The food was a mixed bag - some of it very good some of it mediocre. Great service, the mimosas kept flowing! Overall, it was a fun afternoon with friends and I would definitely recommend it as an activity. Would like to try one of the other cruises.
