3	On my way to the swap meet noticed this white trailer on the side of the road , so stopped to try. It was not sexy looking so didn't have high expectations form the start. Walked up to take a look at the menu (which was all in Spanish)to see what they had to offer. (what always worries me about these food trucks is that have such large menus and such small space, makes me wonder where there food is REALLY stored at night, ya know!)non the less I was prepared to try it anyways. The tacos were only $1 so we got pastor, cabeza , lengua an asada burrito and 2 drinks. Our total came to $10.00 not to bad! After placing our order I noticed that there were a bunch of half chickens stilling on the grill , kind wish i ordered that instead of the burrito.Ate the tacos first, the meat was tender and it came with onion and cilantro on it, didn't need much more as it was gone in 3 bites as any street taco would be(good thing they are only a $1) The burrito had pinto beans and rice,very mushy, reminded me of pork and beans out of a can, large in size as it came with a good amt of meat, however dry, so needless to say that it had to be eaten with the red sauce that came with. Over all it was a very clean new looking trailer, the food was what could be expected from a Mexican food truck! If i pass by I will stop again however I wouldn't go out of my way as it wasn't in the best part of town. All in all it was a fun place to discover ..... I was def impressed with the cleanliness!
4	So after Herbs and Rye some of the Yelperazzi wanted to cap it off with tacos. There's so much of them here we could have done a taco crawl, but Elizar noticed a little taco hutch parked by the McDonalds that had a line going steady. Me, Elnino F, Andy T. and Elizar get tacos.Definitely the crowd isn't the food truck culture crowd, it was straight up all Mexican. Good to me to see a crowd of people eating food from their culture. The tacos were $1 so I got 2 lengua/tongue and 1 pastor/marinated pork and I got a $1 canned soda (crush or coke). Not bad for $1 tacos! My lengua was soft and flavorful. The pastor was good, but I tend to like when it goes more the savory route and this had a slightly sweeter marinate to it. I would say it's not for the people who are germ freaks because the salsas are just sitting outside in containers. I say, I have eaten at 3rd world countries some pretty scary stuff and I'm still alive so I really don't get weirded out by little grubby taco stands.Not quite sure if it's always there, but I think it is. They're open all day 12-12.
4	Don't be SCURRED to eat at a taco truck!!Stopped here the other night with some of the Yelp-izzles after Herbs & Rye. It was Jade W, Elnino F, Eleazar A, and I. We couldn't decide on where to go so Eleazar suggested El Pollo Mobile.None of of has been here before, but we were all happy with Eleazar's pick!I got 1 pollo taco and 1 carne asada taco. They were only $1 each. There is a bowl of guacamole by the veggies and I put a scoop on each of my tacos. I also ate some of the carrots after I had finished my tacos.I did not get sick, so the food was definitely clean. I will mos def come back to try some of the other tacos!!
5	Yes Five Star, I was very impressed with the food and price point. I mean, I am not into all that flash and fruo fruo looks. I look at the food. The quality of the meat was on par! They also provided pickled carrots and radishes and good salsa. This place can really compete with other taco trucks and beat'em hands down, I tell you. This is how good they are, there were these ghetto fabulous Mexicans from Cali with their gold chains and rings talking good ole' Mexican Spanish and ordering 30 tacos de carne asada to go! I mean you gotta love that! Oh and by the way, its near the Excellent Bar- Herb & Rye, so this makes for a great pit stop before or after you hit the bar. Til Next Time
5	If this is the place I think it is, its great!We left Vegas on our way to the Valley of Fire, with our "tour guide" my brother who has lived in Vegas for 3o years when he asks if we want tacos.  The truck is  on the right (coming from Vegas) next to  the landfill. Just before the landfill on the right if your lucky and its daytime you will see a vehicle that makes the most amazing tacos. I didn't try the burritos but the chicken tacos are great. they are small so order a few., The bulk of their business are truck drivers who like the food so much they call ahead!! so if you see a truck parked there with a picnic table outside, you are in luck. Get the chicken ones, you wont' be disappointed!!
5	Recommended. The best mexican food to go. Always get the steak quesadilla for $6. Big portion food for reasonable pricing.
5	$1 TACOS!!!! Who can beat that?! Not even Tacos Mexico across the street, not only are the tacos cheap but they are deliciosos!!! Also, they are the only ones, pretty much, that serve tacos de pollo  (my favorite). The salsas are uncovered, but who cares they're good!!! The staff is always friendly and funny to talk to. Make sure to bring your piggy banks, cash only.
4	This review is for Pollo Mobile 2. At the intersection of Rainbow and Smoke RanchAll I can say is "well done - bravo!" The chicken is grilled over chunk mesquite, andThese guys know what they're doing. The chicken is tasty and moist, the tortillas excellent, rice and beans,flavorful. An excellent choice if you're looking for a placeTo swing by and grab some good food for dinner. I like these guys, they work hardSo you don't have to. Oh, they grill ribs too, but i've always been too late to get those. I'm calling it in the next time. 4 stars.
4	I'm giving this place a solid 4 stars.Grilled chicken, and ribs, over mesquite. Tasty, moist, and unique. I sayUnique because food cooked outside over charcoal IS distinct. A greatbargain too. A whole cut up chicken/w beans and rice for $12. A full rackO ' ribs for $20. The ribs go fast - so be quick.This review is for Pollo Mobile 2. Across the street from U -Haul, on Rainbow &Smoke Ranch. Just to be clear.
3	An average food truck. Tacos are tasty, but nothing to write home about. This is good location to visit if you are in the neighborhood but please do not make a special trip to come here. Lastly, I should point out the cleanliness of the place is a bit of a turnoff...at least for me (the guy making my tacos took cash with his bare hands and did not wash them before taking care of the next customer.
2	FYI... Health department just gave them a poor rating on sanitation standards.
5	I can't even drive past this cart without stopping! I used to live right around the corner from it and got hooked right away! I don't live that close to it anymore but I will take the drive from anywhere in town to get to it! LOL I'm not going to say its just soooo different then other carts but they are for sure really good! I like all of the men that usually run the cart and like a past review said, ALL YOU NEED IS $5 TO GET FULL! lol. All in all, THEY ARE MY FAVORITE!!!!!!
5	We were driving around and stumbled across the restaurant on Lake Mead and Lamb.  The smoke from the barbecue caught our attention.  We stopped and went in to find a great menu and prices!  We had the tacos, tostadas and carne asada fritas and all were excellent.  A couple days later, before getting on a plane, we tried to find the restaurant again, we couldn't.  Our GPS did find the mobile truck so we were happy.  We ordered the burritos and whole chicken and they were delicious.  The employees are very nice and they give fast service.  While eating our food near the food truck, we saw people lining up constantly.
