2	This wasn't the worst stay I have ever had in a hotel.  The stay went quite nice, but the room was simply unkept.  I only stayed for one night on business.  The grounds looked really nice - meaning the building, landscaping and decorations were nice.  The room, however, was not.I walked in to a standard room with beer bottles all over the desk - some full, some empty.  The floor was not vacuumed.  It was clearly gross.  There were small stains on one of the bed comforters.  The iron worked, but the dial to select steam or dry broke as soon as I touched it.  The water that came from the tub faucet was slightly more than a trickle.  All soap products were left with the wrappers off as if they had been used previously.  The beds... they were turned down perfectly with fresh clean sheets.  Some would say that I should have demanded a different room.  But after a 5 hour flight, and the worst jet lag to boot, I decided to make the best of it.  I can't complain about my sleep or the stay.  It went very well.  I had cold cereal for free in a small room in the small lobby with no problems.  The continental breakfast provided is very basic.  It worked for me.Overall, this place seems like it is in a questionable area of Tempe.  The location has it's pros and cons - good location in the big scheme of the Phoenix Valley, but bad location as neighborhoods go.  I would not go walking around at night.  It looks good from the outside, but my room was a mess.I guess if I wanted to be harsh I could give it one star.  But my stay actually went quite smooth.  However, I definitely would not stay there again or recommend that anyone else stay there until they get a better staff to clean the rooms properly.
3	We stayed at this place for a one week vacation. The location is close to ASU with direct light rail connection to Mill Ave (night life area at ASU campus). It is also conveniently located close to several freeways, making it fast and easy to get around. The surroundings are a bit industrial. On one side is a defunct looking RV storage facility and on the other a self-storage (I believe). The area appears generally safe, and seems to be in the middle of a gentrification process (modern apartment buildings appear to have been recently built in close proximity). There is also a police station around the corner.The hotel itself is a 70s building. The doors open directly to outdoor hallways. This means people will pass by in front of the room window. A plus is that the windows can be opened to get some fresh air going. They are outfitted with safety clips, preventing the windows from being slid open from the outside. We had an "improved room" with a king size bed and fridge/microwave. A very valuable feature was the enter-your-own-PIN safe in the room, large enough for a laptop plus other valuables you may bring. A big piece of mind feature, in my opinion! The room was in reasonable repair. The furniture was slightly banged up. The TV had about 8 channels. Ear plugs are a must for sound sleep since the light rail and the street are close.An issue with this hotel is the maid service. Our room did not get made up twice in six days. On the other hand the staff tried to be helpful and gave us additional blankets and sheets w/o discussion. An annoying item were the very cheap toilet paper and facial tissue, which had the 'luxurious feel' of fine sand paper. Also, there were no plastic liners in the trash cans, resulting in messy situations. The towels were of recent vintage and had a nice heavy feel. A funny feature in the bath room: The original infra red radiation heater bulb on a timer switch was replaced with a second low-power fluorescent light bulb. To light the bathroom sufficiently, one needs to flip the light switch, and then turn the mechanical timer to launch the second bulb.The breakfast buffet was basic but useful. The price of the room was a bit high ($79) for what was offered, but it seemed that most hotel were pretty much booked in this area when we made our reservations, i.e. it was a sellers market. We were able to shave the price to $71+~$7 tax with the AAA card. Further negotiations did not yield a better discount. Summary: This is a reasonable place for the 'value traveller'. If you can deal with flunky service, you will stay in a decent room for a (almost) reasonable price. We might come back.
2	Two stars might be generous, but given the price for a night I guess that's accurate. If you need a cheap place to stay close to ASU then it's an ok option, but there are better places close by for a little more money.I won't stay here again unless absolutely necessary. One unique feature is the free continental breakfast that is kind of like eating at a 7-11. Packaged muffins and pastries so if you need a sugar fix or want to stock up this is the place.
4	It wasn't the best, but it wasn't the worst either. I stayed here because I was in town for the 2011 Rock and Roll Arizona Marathon. The property was very close to the finish line, and as such, I booked this property. Seeing as I had gotten a very good deal of $60/night, it was the right choice on MLK weekend. The property was a small two story building. It had basic amenities, ice machine, and free wifi on property.  The lady at the front desk was nice and gave me 4 room keys without questioning why I asked. The room was not too spacious, but could comfortably fit 4 people - although two of them preferred to sleep on the floor.  Nice room we had. Beds were comfortable and everything worked fine. Your basic motel.Located on East Apache Blvd in Tempe, this Ramada property was pretty good. Clean and very roomie for the price. I stayed here with 3 other friends, so that was pretty great. Fancy is fine, but for just basic comfort, this hotel had what I needed.  It wasn't run down or anything. Somehow reminds me of a residential complex. Just your standard room with the basics. There was a free continental breakfast at the hotel at 6am, so that was cool. We got the standard room, which was fine. The bed was comfortable and the price was just right. Of course, the hotel had a free, private parking lot for hotel room guests.This place is near the ASU campus, which is pretty good, although I was here for the RnR Arizona Marathon anyway. No sightseeing involved, although along the course. The room itself was clean and well maintained, which was good. The check in and out process was nice and hope to be back again soon. Quick service. I would recommend this property for those who are traveling to Tempe and need a place to stay. Overall experience was average, but good. Uneventful stay and pleasant. Would stay at this one again, but if the price was right, I'd go somewhere else. It's how it is sometimes.Support local!B
1	This is the WORST hotel I have ever stayed at. We've been here 2 nights and had to change rooms 2 times. The problem with the first room was that the door was to difficult to open. The second room wasn't much better, the battery in the smoke detector needed to be replaced because it beeped all night, the bath tub water only got luke warm, the electrical outlets are not at all secure, and not every lamp had a light bulb. Also, the second room didn't have a fridge & microwave and we paid for one. I'm in the third room now. OMG, the toilet keeps backing up so we had to get a plunger. This entire room is unsanitary. We can either plug in the fridge, microwave, or TV, but not all three. At least there's hot water. They are a little lax on the housekeeping as well. I'm not in the habit or writing negative reviews, but our experience here has been nightmarish.
1	please please please do not stay here! i never do these reviews but i feel obligated to save someone the time and money and self respect by writing this review! the customer service is soooo soooo poor!! after having almost 500.00 held on my charge card after i checked out, i called to find out why this charge was on my account.  i was hung up on and after calling back was repeatedly hung up on and refused to provide his name to me or his managers name! i told him i work at a four star hotel and casino in las vegas (which i do). he called me a liar! .. and as of right now still out 500.00! what establishment hangs up on their guests? this guy should sit through some of the forbes training i have received! what if i was a shopper? do not stay here! save your money! they only received one star because you have to provide a rating.  aside from the horrible customer service, they stuck me with a 50 penalty fee when i had to change locations. that wasnt great, but whatever, the pictures do not resemble the motel. the "game room" is not a game room.  its a room with an atari in it.  the pool was small and dirty and if you like noise all night while you are trying to sleep, you can count on it here.  all these things, i could get over. however, the customer service the man (i cant even say gentleman) on the phone was horrible and penalty should follow. he is an embarrassment to all of us who work in guest services. do not stay here! you would have a better stay in a box outside on a corner.i should have known better for such an inexpensive place, but i was hoping if we cut back on the hotel we could spend extra money with the kids doing activities and going places... wrong! you get what you pay for... and worse!
3	Nothing fancy, no frills. Just needed a place to crash for 1 night while visiting. Room key was a bit hard to work. It seems to read easier if you pull slightly downward when sliding the card out. Staff was friendly. Place was reasonably clean. Helped to have free wifi, parking and continental breakfast included. About what I expected for under $50/night motel.
