5	Always a great time never a dull moment. You'll feel like family once you walk in the door, Ask for Dre or DJ. Holla
5	Great place. Professional staff. I felt welcomed as soon as I stepped into the place and DJ made sure the people waiting weren't forgotten about. Minimal wait time and great prices. I'm definitely coming back.
5	my son  went in to get a haircut a guy by the name of big head hooked him up I'm very satisfied with his mohawk my son said he now wants to make that his barber. sorry I don't know his real name but if you ask forn head I'm sure they'll know who he is
5	Coming from the east coast and having the same barber for 10+ years, I found it a little difficult to find a similar barber by looking online, or driving by etc. I mean it's not settling to use trial and error when it comes to your personal appearance. Thankfully i went here first and have been going ever since. I've had my hair cut by 4 or 5 of the barbers and all have done great, but DJ has become my go to guy. Being in the Nightlife industry, my schedule is demanding and changes daily. I can text Dj at any hour of the day and he will find a time for that business day to filter me in. If he were ever too busy I would still feel comfortable with any of those barbers cutting my hair.
1	We were sitting in their 'lobby' for nearly an hour. My boyfriend needed a trim, and when he first came in he was told which stylist, 'hat guy', and that  he would be with, and he would be next up. Once the chair opened up, the employee that told him he was next took the chair with 'hat guy', and got a 15 min eyebrow trim. Once he was done, some big truck douche flies up, walks in, and sits down in 'hat guy's seat immediately. He proceeds to get his cut, with the stylist periodically leaving the store or going in the back for god knows what reason. So my boyfriend got screwed out of a haircut twice, once by an employee who decided his time was more important than a paying customer. The place was very busy, but in the hour we were there not a single customer left - showing not only do they take years to seat you, but they take their sweet ass time cutting too. Of course, plenty of people still walked in and immediately took a chair in the 15 second windows that they opened up. Nobody from the lobby ever got called. We left halfway through truck-douche's buzz cut, but of course nobody noticed. Especially eyebrow trim guy, who apparently got off work and left as soon as truck douche swiped the seat. Crap service, crap customers, and probably crap pricing since nowhere in the shop do they post the price of a cut.
5	Junito has been cutting my hair since I moved to Vegas. I refer all my buddies who move to town here. Great shop, great atmosphere with talented barbers.
5	Great job by Tuff!  Would highly re come d this place, for sure. My son had his hair cut & Tuff'a attention to detail really impressed us. Will definitely return!
5	Shout outs to Tuff!! Hooked it up with a very nice clean cut, definitely coming back and I highly recommend this place.. Amazing job Tuff and the rest of the staff!!!
1	Eh.
1	Very poor service.....every barbers chit chatting..not organize in taking customer...vey bad service....waiting time is so long....
1	Never again will I bring my business there. 2nd visit . Waited 3 hours and could only get one of sons hair cut. I understand making an appointment is better, but I know no one there. Just take appointments and no walk ins. There is no list to track walk ins. I'll just take my business elsewhere
1	Waited over 30 minutes because they kept on taking their friends that walked in after us, finally walked out. This has happened several times. We no longer go there.
5	My son get his haircut done here for $20 it very worth it . Employees are very friendly. Its very busy place so if i were u always make an appointment coz its pack as always doesnt matter what day
