5	Oh man, I've had like 1000 of these  (okay, not that many).  But anyway, these cookies are really amazing.  These cookies are about the width of a silver dollar and maybe an inch or so high.  Think of them more like a mini breakfast pastry in terms of scale.  Anyway, they come with all sorts of different fillings (my favorite is the chocolate gnosh, I also had an egg nog seasonal flavor for xmas that was delicious) and all are good.  You can also get them plain, with a sugar mixture sprinkled on top... the plain ones are best, IMO, for when you want to have that nice cup of tea in the AM.Taste wise, they're sweet, but not too sweet.  They're soft textured, and they really work as a desert or breakfast accessory.They come in a min of a 2-pack, sealed for freshness.  I can eat about four in one sitting, but if you are wise, unlike me, 2 is the perfect amount!I can't recommend these highly enough for those out there like me who like a gourmet style desert with their meals.Also, this is a family run business.  In this time when no one seems to be able to hold a gig, I applaud this family for creating something new and filling it with love and truthfulness.
5	I have a huge sweet tooth, but being a baker myself, I'm always very picky about the desserts I choose. I have to say, Woobie's Cookies are definitely high on my favorite cookie list. The cookies are consistently soft and fluffy with some really cool flavors. I tried their Caramel Brulee Woobiedoodle last Saturday for the first time and I was surprised at how yummy rich the flavor was. My favorite, though, is still the Cocoa Ganache. These ladies have NAILED the art of ganache which is not an easy feat. It's also good to know they use quality, organic ingredients, which is a HUGE plus for me since not only is it better for you, but it really makes a difference in the taste. It's cool to know I can find some really good quality stuff from this unique small business right here in downtown Phoenix.
5	When I get a bit of spare money I order the assortment of Woobie's Cookies. They are delicious little gems - soft snickerdoodle style cookies full of flavor and all natural. I especially love the ones filled with cocoa ganache and creme brulee. If cookies are your weakness you should definitely try these.
5	My first thought upon eating a Woobie's Cookie was this: "Why did I have to wait nearly 45 years for such a sublime experience?"  My second thought was, "How can I grab that container and run without being caught?"
