4	Really solid little bistro. Fast, friendly, attentive service from our server (she's from Prague and gets extra points for being Czech). Great drink selection. Everything you would expect. Two of us ordered steak frite which came well done for some bizarre reason. Default temp on menu stated the correct medium-rare. Server had correct temp orders to us in a few minutes - fantastic recovery. Will probably split my time between Jacs and Brasserie IV going forward. Both do similar things and have their own pluses and minuses.
4	It helps that this place is two blocks from my apartment.The bartenders make excellent cocktails, my personal favorites being the Brooklyn and the New Fashioned. They also serve a wide variety of belgian beers that go along very well with the frites.Stop in for the happy hour 4-7pm for 1/2 off all of their drinks. I go once a week if I'm in town. It's a small place, so it tends to get packed.Have only eaten there once  and had polenta which was  quite good. I love the atmosphere and the bar, but I also hope to stop in more for the food.
4	I liked Jacs from the moment I walked in - the decor was warm and unpretentious, yet still feels like a nice restaurant. It *almost* made me feel like I was in a restaurant in a city bigger than Madison. The bar deserved 4.5 stars. The Belgian beers, on tap or by the bottle, are wonderful - although I would prefer if they could keep their tap beers at varying temperatures, since my Belgian was a bit colder than it should have been. That's not really something to complain about, as it's perfectly lovely to sit at the bar and wait for it to warm up. The mixed drink list (using some word play, and not obnoxiously) and wines seemed well thought out and down to earth - I'm looking forward to ordering a martini on my next visit.The food was good, but somewhere closer to 3 stars. We started with the pear and brie flatbread, and enjoyed it quite a bit. It has a cardamom honey drizzled on it that you notice, but doesn't overwhelm the dish. The frites are, indeed, wonderful. Eat them quickly, because they lose their flavor and texture upon cooling more than most french fries I've eaten (yes, I know - who wants to eat cold fries? but as I eat and talk, I don't want them to depreciate so quickly). My tofu sandwich had excellent texture, but was a bit blah. I had hoped they would have marinated the tofu. My husband had the portabello sandwich, which was truly good, but wasn't up to the standards that the decor and drinks set us up to expect. The quality does match the prices -  our sandwiches came with frites or other sides, and cost $9.I'll definitely return here. Especially for the beer.
2	Let's see -- $14 for an okay fish fry (can you believe they serve the cole slaw in a plastic relish container?), no bread unless you fork over another $4, and a room that's so noisy you can barely hear yourself think. Nope, not for me!
5	Can't beat this place's happy hour (4-7 50% off drinks). It gets packed but the bartenders are all really great. Staple drink: New Fashion.Food-wise, the frites are great (you can't go wrong with fries though). Brunch was OK, definitely not my favorite. The rest of the food, I've only tried bits and pieces, but it's all been good. Plus it gets points for looking delicious (as I've noted every time I'm just there for drinks).Service: Super! All the staff is friendly and accommodating - especially the bartenders.Environment: Half the place is for dining, the other half is the bar. It's decently sized, but gets packed pretty easily during happy hour - which also makes it a little bit loud. Also, wish they had outdoor seating.Background: This used to be the Monroe Street Bistro. They changed their menu but kept mostly the same with the drinks.
2	Quick Review: tried the fish fry, and more or less had the same experience as Ashley H from below - bland overpriced food served in miniscule portions.  Great ambiance, an awesome beer menu (Belgium and Wisconsin offerings), excellent staff, but ultimately a fail when it comes to the food.Full review is available at my site (see profile or previous reviews) - it's getting too difficult to write two unique reviews for each fish fry.
5	Great beer selection, great service and a creative touch to the menu!
5	Great place for lunch, the sandwiches always leave me happy. Soups are made in house and for the most part ROCK, best clam chowder I've ever had.  Great beer, AWESOME happy hour (as far as I can tell they have it everyday and it's HALF OFF EVERYTHING) and tasty specialty drinks.  I had a Wisco Sour ... or three (you have the option of having it served the old traditional way, with an egg white. TRY IT!  Sooooooo good!). Dinner is really great, we usually go on Mondays (half off bottles of wine).  The entree section is fairly small, but still hard to choose from (and the sandwiches from lunch are still available... it can take me and hour to order, I swear).  From my experience I'd say you can't go wrong with the Chicken Fran... something-or-other (super tasty, rich cream sauce), the Risotto or the Mussels (with a big cone of fries that I NEVER can finish, the sauce is a different story).  LOVE the Peach Flatbreat; we do that with HH all the time, it's new and it better not leave!!  They have brunch on the weekend, with $2 mimosas (so much better than the Come Back, I'm willing to pay $2 more, plus they are HUGE).  We don't take our daughter much (because we usually intend to hit up the HH for a while first :)  but when we do they always give her toys to play with and the servers are really nice!  I never feel bad about her squeals because it gets pretty loud anyway :)  I'd say it's child friendly for lunch and an early dinner early in the week, but not so much on the weekends.  Can't really rate the children's menu, since she isn't really eating off of it yet... I think I remember seeing a hummus sandwich option that sounded great.  Over all I'd say it's one of our favorite spots to go!  Service is always great, we get a "Cheers" vibe from the place (the bartenders remembered us from our first visit which I though was really sweet).  a few tips: weekends are crazy, so is happy hour; get there early and stake claim on some seats at the bar and put your name in for a table if you want to eat in the dining room.  It can get loud... but it's gotten a lot better (they have a metal ceiling, so it's never going to be quiet, lol) happy hour adds to this I think, so if you really want some quiet go later.  GET A CAB!  Seriously, Belgian beer is potent and you really can't have just one (or if you are my husband, just 5 :) not to mention there always seems to be some kind of special going on that sucks me in... we've had to call it in a couple of times... now we just go prepared :)  OH and even my family from up north found something they liked!
2	Great little atmosphere, but dinner was not that great. I think when we go back it will be for drinks and apps and from looking at what others were ordering, that might be the way to go.
3	We went out to Jacs to give it a try and I found a truly welcoming little spot along the specialized storefronts and restaurants of Monroe Street.  While the place bills itself as European-inspired, I found instead a comfy locavore place that was a little upscale, but not immensely overpriced and certainly enjoyable. The highlight? Their cheese plate: it featured four bits of local cow, goat or raw milk cheese and -- wait for it -- a "snit" of New Glarus beer. On the platter. This is what I love about Wisconsin.
3	Jacs is a good place to hit if you are around Monroe Street.  I've been several times, mostly for dinner but also for brunch.  The menu is pretty standard, with sandwiches, salads, and some entrees like steak frites.  They have great beer choices and you can also get a flight.  Food is usually good, some things have been better than others.  I really liked the frites and the pesto sandwich.  Interior is nice, though not quite as nice as Brasserie V.
5	Jacs...where have you been all my life...ha! Stopped in at Jacs on a recent trip to my alma mater last weekend. This place has changed names a few times since I was in college, but they seem to have found their niche. It claims to be a restaurant AND tap house, and that's true with the amount of beers they have available. Had a couple local brews, my favorite being the scotch ale. The place is small and quaint with friendly service and a menu that is pub grub, with a kick. I went with the Salmon BLT and it game on some ciabatta bread and some aioli sauce and the BLT items. Came with the frites that everyone else raves about and they were good! Great flavor and light all around. Perfect for lunch. Nice place for a casual date or to bring family & friends when visiting.
4	Great food, perfect atmosphere for a casual drink or lunch/dinner.  I'm really looking forward to going here again soon.We tried the moules et frites, the garlic and chardonnay variety. Delicious and a meal in itself. My significant other had the pulled pork sandwich which is served on ciabatta that accompanied and held the pork and bbq. The bbq had great flavor without  taking over the pork.  I went with the smoked salmon BLT and was delighted. I can't believe I never thought of that before.  When I go back again it will be hard to not order it again.  The frites that are served with the moules are huge and very good. They also had two soups, one lemon chickpea, the other a southwestern chowder.  So, not your typical soup options either. I love places like this!
4	Hurray!  Good food at reasonable prices in a comfortable atmosphere.  The Moules et Frites (with the butter & white wine sauce, NOT the chorizo) are a must.  The crab cake will either be a) the best in town or b) a mushy mayo mess.  Likewise, the steak can really vary in cut and quality.  However, we keep coming back for the great house chardonnay, warm service, and mussels.
4	this is our "close to home" standby. we love the burgers (especially on the nights when they are buy-one/get-one ala cart), appreciate the great happy hour specials and welcome the regularly changing on-tap selection. we have also tried and liked most of the sandwiches and flat breads on the menu and of course - the frites are always a hit. we've also been for brunch and had great eggs benedict and bloody "maries"... if there was a sticking point it would be that service is kind, but can be a bit missing-in-action and/or overworked at times, so it's not always the best choice for a quick bite
3	I stopped in late this morning for a quick lunch.  This place has a warm, welcoming feel the instant you walk through the doors.  I liked the 1/2 bar, 1/2 dining setup the restaurant offered as well.  I'd imagine it would be a great place to grab an early evening drink with some friend.  The sign outside piqued my interest in the Fresh Made Soups.  I grabbed the grilled cheese with a cup of the Poblano Pepper and Corn.  The sandwich was incredible... definitely your grown up grilled cheese.  Bacon, caramelized onions, tomatoes and a combination of brie and muenster between two perfectly browned slices of thick Texas Toast. The sandwich was on the smaller side, but I prefer that.  I'd rather eat my meal than have to leave with a box.  The soup left me a little empty.  I was expecting a bit more kick from the poblano and more flavor overal, but it was still good.  I added a bit of salt and pepper and it was more than palatable.  Overall, not a bad spot.  It's got a very Brasserie V feel to it  that comes through from the modern European vibe both places are trying to portray.
5	I can't say enough good things about this place--my new fave in town!  This restaurant is VERY gluten free friendly!  My fiance needs gluten free food and they were incredibly knowledgable and had a great GF menu.  Their food was so flavorful and reasonably priced.Happy hour and Monday specials were great--a really great deal on mussels and 1/2 off a bottle of wine.  There's another day of the week where the deal is buy one burger get one free!  We also loved the fries because they came with a great garlic aioli sauce.  The atmosphere is a great casual pub style atmosphere.Our server was incredibly friendly and checked on and recommended various GF items--so wonderful!
4	I came here last week to grab a beer with friends. Love the selection of beers. I can see my husband and I coming back for some brews. If you consider yourself a "beer snob" then you'll love what they offer. If you're looking for Miller, Coors and those are your staples, you won't find them here. Also have nice nightly specials. The night that I stopped in was 2-1 burger night. I didn't order food, but other's plates looked very appetizing. Prices are a little high for what I'm comfortable with, but if the special works for you, it's a good value. Beer is priced well.Atmosphere is nice and cozy, waitstaff is friendly and courteous. All in all, I will definitely be going to jacs again. Check it out!
4	Jacs deserves the stars if only for how they ably handled our large group coming in without reservations at the end of the night. The waiter was friendly, attentive, and did a good job of explaining the selection to the group. He also handled check-splitting well, which made the end of the night that much easier. Excellent selection of beers, although definitely on the expensive side (nothing on tap under $5). Worth the price, however. The only food we had were the frites, which were a tad overcooked but tasty nonetheless.Looking forward to coming back with a much smaller group. Very similar to Brasserie V, except a darker ambiance and with more Wisconsin brews on tap.
4	visiting madison for the next few days, and I want to take this place home with me.  This place has a great selection of local beers on tap.  Ambience can be described as comfortable and dimly lit.  Everyone just seemed happy.  We ordered light and had the beet salad with a stuffed chicken special which was scrape the plate good.  We also split a side a grilled asparagus which was grilled perfectly with a nice char.
2	Went here tonight after reading all the positive reviews on here, and a write up in Madison Originals.  Wanted the Almond stuffed Dates for our appetizer.  They were out of it.  We skipped the appetizer.Had the Mussels w/chorizo (me), and the Special (hubby), can't remember the name of it, but it was a fish dish.  The mussels were pretty good, but not nearly enough chorizo.  The fish special was OK, but the size of the fish portion was very small.  They have good beer, and it's priced accordingly.  My diet Coke was flat.We ordered the Flourless Chocolate cake, and the Bourbon Creme Brulee for dessert.  They were out of the Creme Brulee.  The flourless chocolate cake was the worst example I've ever had.  It was airy, (it's supposed to be super dense), and barely chocolaty (it's supposed to be intense dark chocolate).  It don't know whether they make it or buy it, but either way, it needs to change.  It's simply not good.  This was the first time I've EVER left flourless chocolate cake on the table, uneaten.The place is very small, but the wait was extremely long for "meh" food.We won't be returning.
4	Love jacs!!!! Great beer selection, fantastic happy hour, "healthy & fresh" pub food w some local ingredients. Diverse menu to fit most cravings.
5	Great food and great service.  Got here around 9 on a Friday Night and were seated in 5 minutes. The server was prompt and attentive, even offering to split the total into two checks (unheard of and frowned upon in Chicago). I had the Mac and cheese (veggie version) and my friend had a walnut chickpea burger and we were both pleased with the food.  The wine was good and priced appropriately.  Loved the atmosphere.  All in all a great experience.
4	The food is delicious and consistent.  Great beer selection.  Fries are amazing.  Burger is small but tasty.  Catch of the day never disappoints.  Highly recommend this place for a casual dinner and brunch.  AND they have gluten free fish and chips...WHAT!?!?!  They fry gluten-free in a separate fryer.
5	Small place - definitely recommend reservations. I watched them turn away at least 4 groups before 5:30pm! (we got there at 4:50pm) Had a filet special and the mac & cheese. Both were wonderful! Interesting beer list, in a good way.
2	In a town with so many options, you're not missing much if you skip jacs.  Their beer list is extensive, but that's not saying much in Madison.  I've been twice; once for beers, and once for brunch.Beers: bottom line, sit at the bar if you want service.  If you're on the other side of the restaurant, you might as well be invisible.  jacs appears to be one of those places where the busier they are, the more likely you are to be taken care of; it's fine for waitstaff to be chatty with the bartenders, of course, but not at the expensive of obviously-waiting customers.  If your brew of choice isn't on tap or on special, be prepared to pay more for a bottle there than you would in most other places.Saturday brunch: a better experience, over all. Entree pricing is in line with what you might expect elsewhere, and nicely enough, the first bloody mary, screwdriver, or mimosa you order with a brunch entree is $2.  Stick with the mimosa in this case; those received positive reviews, whereas my bloody mary was a disaster of a drink.  The mix is made in-house but is neither spicy nor interesting, but could have been saved if it hadn't been for the lethal layer of vodka floating on top.  Garnished with a lemon slice,a pickle, and a pimiento-stuffed olive and served in a small cocktail glass, this is truly an amateurish effort, and not even worth the $2 addition to the meal.The food also received mixed reviews; I enjoyed the eggs benedict (the portion of ham served in this dish is both delicious and generous) and the herbed potatoes were quite tasty.  The crepes my friend had were disappointing; she said she can make better.After a couple tries, I'm done with jacs.  I was surprised to see that they've been open since 2009; the place has a nice ambience but the service, the beverages, and the food all come with the feeling of a restaurant that has very recently opened and is still working out the kinks.  There are better places on Monroe Street and within a couple miles of this place; it's not bad, but you can do far better.
3	Had dinner there last night- our second visit, but it had been a while. The frites were great- crispy, well-done, plentiful (actually too many for just two people). We're not beer drinkers, although they have an extensive beer selection. Our cocktails were good, and our waitress was a doll.Two things keep this a 3-star review; the price point is too high for what it is- my burger was $11.00, and while it was 'fine', it was a couple of dollars overpriced.  The other, and much worse part is that we left stinking of a dive bar with an unvented hood.  You know that smell- it sticks with you all night, in your hair and on your clothes.  Not at all what I had hoped for, and this needs to be remedied, because that will keep us from coming back
4	Vibrant, fun environment, on a Tuesday night no less. Had a 10 minute wait for  a table of 5 at 615pm. Menu is small, but good variety. Some veggie, some seafood, some meat/chicken/pork. Hard to choose. Great beer on tap. The dark Dragon's Milk from Michigan was hearty, with good balance of chocolate, malt and hints of vanilla. Yum!I enjoyed the moule frites. Fries were hearty and well spiced. Warm and not soggy. Mussels had good garlic flavor with hints of lemon. Well cooked. Not a closed one in the bunch.Also had the Mediterranean platter appetizer.  Good variety. Tasty carrot spread and decent hummus. Could have used more pita bread.Service was attentive, although had to ask for a napkin more than once (mine had fallen to the floor). Waitress really knew the menu. Other downside was the two creamy soups on the menu. Always like it when a restaurant offers one non-creamy option for those of us who do not like (or want) a creamy soup.I M LOOKING FORWARD TO GOING BACK THERE.
5	We love, love, love Jacs. We live down the street and go about once a week. The hosts and servers are always friendly, especially to our preschooler...jackpot! As vegetarians, we always find great menu choices--standouts are the walnut burger, the beet salad, and the sweet potato flatbread. Great local beers and fun, casual ambiance.
3	No culinary standouts will likely be found here, but come here for the atmosphere and a drink (beer or wine).I had a great time here and will be back, but I give my ratings based on the food since that is what I care most about. The frites are good, the sandwiches are all Ok, but there was more ranch than my liking on my salmon blt. If you are just looking for a place to come after work though, I would still recommend this place for a drink. It is small and not too loud, with a large bar area and a chalkboard full of good looking beers. Unfortunately I came for lunch and had to return to work.
5	officially my favorite spot in madison.so gluten-friendly, it makes me want to cry. i get to eat bread here-- no more wrapping my burger in lettuce!the drinks are delicious. i highly recommend the eden's margarita and the mojito. the jacs burger and the citrus chicken sandwich are both yummy. also, the flour-less chocolate cake is great. and finally, the frites are amazing; again, appreciate the gluten-free consciousness, especially in the utilization of a gluten-free fryer (no cross-contamination).go here and be happy.
4	Zesty and flavorful! I wish to frequent this spot again!! On the smallish side, with a lovely ambiance. They get their gluten-free bread from The Silly Yak Bakery & Bread Barn!
5	Great service. Excellent food. Amazing bartenders.
4	Delicious food and wonderful service. Went there with a friend because they're gluten-free and we've heard good things about them (no gluten for me), and I was THRILLED with the fact that most things were available GF and not just in the "remove the bun" way. We got a hummus platter with GF pita which was pretty good (the pita was decent and good, the hummus was PHENOMENAL), and I had a breaded chicken dish that was divine. The flourless chocolate cake was tasty as usual.
5	As others have stated, this has become one of my favorite spots in Madison.The happy hour is one of the best, and the specialty drinks are unique, delicious and potent.  Getting them for half price from 4-6 is just icing on the cake.  However, you will have to get there quite early to secure seating in the bar area since the happy hour special is only good in that side of the restaurant.I have eaten both brunch and dinner at Jac's and have yet to be disappointed.  I have tried a majority of the menu items, but my favorite still remains the mussels.  They are simply the best in town.  It is also great to have several vegetarian and many gluten free options so this location is always an option for those who have more restrictive diets.Finally, the waitstaff and bartenders are both attentive and friendly regardless of how busy it gets.
1	Good beer selection. Very bland food. Small portions and over priced.
5	Yeah doggie, doggie. This is what I'm talking 'bout Madison. Food. Service. Atmosphere. Check. Check. Check. I had the opportunity to whisk Elites Bob S and Scrantz outta their home while they are without kitchen and met them down the street for my first jac attack. I dug it. Lots. First off without even asking the waitress let me know I could try any beer I wanted (it's like she saw the indecisiveness coming outta my pores). She grabbed a taste of Oso;s Hop Whoopin' which on tap is pretty spectacular. Not as hoppy as I thought (score, as I'm just learning to embrace bitter... I'm a naturally cheery person) with grapefruit notes (my fave of the round citrus). For din din I went with the fried cod (3rd week in a row I've had fish fry) and I have to tell you, it was one of the best I've had. For frozen, battered deep fried cod, it was pretty darn flaky. You can get potatoes pancakes alongside but I opted for frites and I'm glad I did. They're seasoned really nicely and served hot... like frites should be. (If you get the Mussels which Bob did, frites are served in this cornucopia like contraption that makes it look like they go on for daaaaaaays. Easy sharing!) Scrantz had a roasted veggie salad with an amazing smoked salmon atop. So much smoky flavor in the bite she shared with me. All in all I was quite pleased with my first trip and can't wait to go back to try more of the menu. (It's probably no coincidence that my favorite restaurant in Tucson... old stomping grounds... is Jax!)
2	Yesterday morning, 6 girlfriends got together for their start of weekly brunches. We chose Jac's because we heard wonderful things about the restaurant and despite the fact someone wanted to go to Bluephies, we vetoed her. Little did we know. The food was wonderful. However as we finished our drinks (water and soda), we continued in our conversation, laughing about how men do not clean as well as women. At this time, we were approached by a waitress who said that. "She did not want to ask us to leave but if we could keep it down and stop being vulgar because other customers were complaining."We all sat in shock because Jac's is not that large and we could not believe which customers had said something because we never said anything inappropriate and we were not being stared at. We called the manager to talk because our wonderful brunch (our bills had been paid already, tips left) was now ruined. The manager was extremely rude and blamed us for ruining the morning for customer.. She never once apologized nor listened to our side. As we got up to leave, another couple got up to leave and said to us, "We can't believe that happened. That was completely absurd." Needless to say, 6 girls who spent over $130.00 will not be returning to Jac's. Our service was bad and the manager worse. We thought Jac's be our weekly brunch spot but we will move onward to a better location where people are allowed to laugh and enjoy a morning in good company.PS I do love their food and have been to Jac's a half dozen times so its a disappointment that I will not return.PPS I have enjoyed dinner here with a group of 13 and did not have this experience and we were much louder and even sang happy birthday as we jumped up and down. Not sure why this happened but again, very disappointed.
1	[SPOILER ALERT: Avoid this place like the plague.]I'm not a girlie girl, so when I decided to do a girls' brunch--I chose Jacs, given the impression of it as a warm, inviting taphouse. Beer and cheese alongside breakfast? Yes, please.I've had dinner here a few times, and really loved the veggie walnut burger and frites. The beet salad was pretty tasty, too.Needless to say, this Sunday I was excited. It had been a busy week at work, but I had made reservations and invited my best girlfriends along for the culinary adventure.Fail. Fail. Fail.The food was okay, but my order (a breakfast sandwich, served with potatoes) was served on a plate half full. From the start, I was unimpressed with the presentation. The potatoes were fine, and the sandwich was okay--but I was disappointed with the white texas toast. I wish the bread was whole grain, ciabatta, or something with some extra oomph. Halfway through my meal, I couldn't find the waitress to refill my water. I was so parched, and I unpleasantly waited some time for a refill. As we were sorting out our checks, a waitress came over saying that we were being loud and vulgar. I was confused, and thought maybe she was mixing us up with another table. We called over the manager, hoping to resolve the situation--but she resorted to continuing the offense and insulting us further, not offering an apology. She railed on us for a few minutes while my friends and I listened in shock. I am completely mind-boggled by this situation--I've NEVER in my life been treated like this at an establishment that I'm paying for goods and services. I'm still reeling from the insult. Maybe 10+ years ago, in college, at 1am, it would be fun to be loud and boisterous, and then I could understand some gentle scolding. However, this type of behavior towards our classy, professional group? AT A BAR? I hope Jacs handles this manager. You never know what burdens someone carries with them, and I don't know what her struggles are--but this should never have occurred. I will not be returning to Jacs, and I'm recommending to everyone I know, as well as you faithful Yelpers, to steer clear. Their service and treatment of patrons is a step away from criminal. Shameful.By the way, I didn't even get the beer and cheese alongside breakfast. Maybe that's where I went wrong? Sigh.
5	Best Brunch!!
4	The best thing to order here: moules-frites! We get them every time, and every time they are delish! Best in town!
5	Shame on me for my previous one liner review. Deserves a much longer write up.- No reservations, but can call ahead to get on the list.- Gets cold if sitting by door or windows when cooler temps. (bring a coat)- Friendly/helpful waitstaff & bartenders- Crispy well seasoned frites- Flatbreads are excellent to share- Almost also items can be made gluten free-  All Beer, Wine and Alcohol is 1/2 off during Happy Hours.                         Monday-Thursday 4pm - 7pm                         Friday & Saturday 4pm - 6 pmHave yet to have a bad meal. Food always served piping hot. Staff is attentive. Making sure waters are filled and everything is ok. Bartenders are always making sure no hand is empty.On one occasion we called about 30 mins ahead cause we were coming from Beaver Dam. So we got on the list and said there was a 30 minutes wait. Then we arrived and actually ended up waiting for additional 45 minutes rather than 10 minutes. Which was totally cause we planned on having drinks too. But then one of us finished their beer before being seated and the next beer and the cheese curds that we had also ordered while waiting they said was on the house for the long wait. Thought that was a nice gesture on their part.
5	Fantastic breakfast, awesome gluten free options. We liked the breakfast so much we came back for dinner the next night. The restaurant was busy and would have been a pretty long wait. Although the incredible food would have been worth the wait, we were pressed for time, so the hostess was very polite and recommended another option for us. We greatly appreciated the outstanding customer service, and we will definitely be back next time we are in Madison! Thank you Jac's!
3	Went here for bunch with a fairly large group on a snowy Sunday morning. We got in around opening so it was pretty empty, but got more crowded as we sat there. I got the classic eggs benedict, which was good...however I will empty what one of the other reviewers said in that the potatoes were a little skimpy. In fact most people's dishes looked a little skimpy - maybe it's because the plates are too big, or maybe it's because the french toast is so dense.Now maybe because it was empty when we came in and he was happy to see us, the owner offered to buy us a round of drinks - yey! So we all ordered mimosas/bloody marys. However when the bill came....the drinks were decidedly not free. But we didn't make a fuss out of it...with an entree the drinks were only $2. Beer menu looks quite interesting - I'll have to come back another time for a beer or two. But if you don't want to drink a really good beer and just want a "regular" pale ale or some other micro you'll see most places - well it ain't gonna happen. And that's not a bad thing...
4	Frites, bacon wrapped almond stuffed dates and beer list were excellent. Cheese curds were 2nd only to the Old Fashioned.  Some work on cocktail execution and ironing out kinks with seating would push it over the top! Great addition to the Madison restaurant scene!
1	Yes - no stars!!  Are you f**king kidding me??  We waited two hours on a Tuesday night!  Hostess needs to learn how to sit people in a timely manner!  Bad news!!
5	This place is good. It's a very small restaurant, so eating in can be crowded. The burgers are great - especially the walnut burger. The brie sandwich is amazing. Awesome fries - great brunches.  Very little the complain about here.
3	I have been to jacs several times as it is in my neighborhood. I miss the earlier days of this place when the bartender was sweet and funny and the place felt like somewhere you would want to go every day. Fast forward a couple years: though the food is even better and more creative than when they first opened, the servers have become catty and downright rude (I shouldn't generalize, but my experience has made it so). Twice I had a female server who obviously has no poker face. If you ask for a menu item to be altered or ask her to repeat something you are met with snooty disdain. When my family and I asked one evening to be relocated to a warmer area of the restaurant (NOTE: get something to block the freezing Wisconsin cold from the entry!) and weren't happy with either suggestion and moved to the bar, this same server proceeded to complain IN FRONT of us to another server about "how customers don't understand that a server loses earning when they sit at the bar." Not only that, she and several other servers cattily chatted about shopping, other servers not showing up on time, etc.--all of which I do not want to overhear as a paying customer. I have worked in retail for ages and understand the time and place to chat: but it is certainly NOT in front of clientele. Also, treat your customers well; the customer is always right (even if you have to bite your tongue); bend over  backwards to please your customers. Just do it.On a nice  note, I love the food here and the frites are the best in Madison. The pizzas are excellent, and the veggie burger delish. In the summer, when you don't have to subject yourself to blasts of COLD air coming in the from wintry outside, jacs is the greatest place to share an appetizer and glass on wine after a stroll with family or pals.
5	Jac's--  thank you for holding up the reputation on this stretch of Monroe Street.  We all know the Laurel Tavern and Bluephies weren't helping much!  (ok Michael's - thank you too).I've only been here a couple times, but I've always walked away happy.  I'm not sure how long ago they first opened, but within the last two years I've noticed they've started to work their way into "Madison's good restaurants" conversations.  My most recent experience was for a dinner with my parents.  It was a busy Friday night and we had about a 45 minute wait.  It's a smaller place, and I expected nothing shorter than that.  It's a nice neighborhood --- so we took a walk over to Lake Wingra to kill some time.I had the Mole Pork Loin.  Mole- the chocolate sauce topping common in some Mexican dishes.   Check out my attached picture.   It was served over some cooked "matchstick root vegetables"   I recommend!My mom really enjoyed her fish fry, my girlfriend got the Moules et frites which were served in a garlic wine pesto type sauce.  Those were very tasty... and the aioli for the frites was great.  My Dad had the brewbarb burger and he was really impressed with the rhubarb ketchup on it.Overall, we were really happy.  My Dad was really skeptical that the service was going to be lacking due to how busy it was.  Service ended up being excellent.  I'll definitely be back.
5	Went there again tonight. Absolutely delicious and amazing, as usual, with fabulous drinks. Food was so good I didn't even WANT dessert, which is UNHEARD of. The GF pasta was perfectly cooked and everything was seriously divine. This is the place I go any time I'm feeling down about missing gluten.Not only that, but as someone whose food options are limited most places--the VAST majority of the menu are things I can eat. There are only 4 items, exactly 4, that can't be made gluten free.
5	I go there for Happy Hour.  Frequently.   Half-priced St. Bernardus 12 (always on tap) and a phenomenal selection of other local and world taps at Happy Hour defines the term.
5	We had such a nice brunch here. Wonderful food. Wonderful service. Great selection. Good prices. A yummy turnover to finish off a lovely meal. Unpretentious and friendly. We'll be back!
5	Went to Jacs for the first time last night and we were more than impressed with the food, service and atmosphere. The owner happened to be there sitting a few barstools down, and made sure we were treated like royalty. We tried the frites - homemade and excellent with all the dipping sauces. Our favorites were the aioli and the spicy buffalo one. The bacon-wrapped dates melted in our mouths. He even went out of the way to make sure one of ours was nut-free due to an allergy. The cheese plate was also a fun and delicious snack, which included sweet pickles, mustard, sliced baguette, apple, 3 different cheeses and a small pour of Serendipity.Can't wait to go back! I can't stop thinking about those savory dates. Well done!
5	Soup was delicious.  The hamburger, one of the best i have ever had!  For a bar i was totally surprised!
5	Dear Burger Joints of Madison -I have bad news for you. It comes under the inauspicious name of "Brewbarb Burger", which contains the following ingredients: Grilled Pecatonica Valley Farms ground beef, rhubarb ketchup, bacon, Brie, caramelized onion, romaine, bacon aioli, all on a ciabatta roll. It is ridiculously great. And it has claimed the title, in this humble restaurant-goer's book, of best damn burger in Madison. It also helps that the fries are delicious, a clear cut above the typical fare served at places like the Old Fashioned (fries at Graze are of similar quality).I can't even remember what else we've ordered there - the Brewbarb will do that to your mind. It is insane. Brewbarb. BREWBARB!I was trying to think of something negative to say about this place, and all I could come up with is that I think their signage looks a bit cheesy - the cursive "Jac's" just doesn't hae a modern inviting look to it. But that might just be me.So time to step it up, Dotty's, Graze, Old Fashioned, Marigold, wherever. Though I'm not sure you have a chance. That rhubarb ketchup doesn't grow on trees, and I'm thinking the chefs at Jac's might not be willing to share the recipe.All the best,Me
2	What can I say? I left feeling that I had been duped into taking an old order of cheese curds and shorted on my beer. Our waitress was pretty much "spot on," though she did somehow manage to bring my beer and our order of cheese curds out at the same time, which was only about 1 minute after having ordered them...which was great for the beer though left us both wondering about how the cheese curds got done so fast and yet weren't piping hot??I also have to add that I was suprised to see my beer come out in a small (8-10oz) goblet opposed to a pint. I guess when order a draught beer I expect a full pint unless the menu specifically states it is a smaller size? (luckily we were already expecting the smaller size for the second beer)As for the food....it was delicious. Beet Salad and Butternut Squash Flatbread were spilt by the two of us. The salad rocked and was appropiately sized. The Flatbread was excellent with an intereesting combination of brie cheese, squash, and a sweet-cranberry dressing.Sorry Jac's - I cannot say that I will be looking to come back anytime soon.
4	Jacs has got the atmosphere nailed - love the wood floors, exposed brick walls and tin ceilings. Our server was excellent - friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable about the  menu.  We started with an order of cheese curds which carried a $7 price tag. We were both left us going "wah wah" when a small plate arrived, the cheese curds barely making up a layer covering the plate. Good thing I'm not too much of a cheese curd lover because this was hardly a Wisconsin portion for two! (I'm from Michigan, forgive me, I don't know any better...)The draft beer list is extensive and diverse, although it is pricey. Most of the beers are in the $7-8 range.  I certainly understand that fancy beers are often served in a smaller goblet glass, but I do think a menu should (and usually does) indicate this in the description.  Otherwise you get sad thirsty people like me expecting a pint and getting a tulip.  Moving on!  The food was quite good.  We ordered a large beet salad ($11) to share and our server made the extra effort to have the kitchen split the salad into two servings instead of simply handing us an extra fork & plate.  Kudos!  The butternut squash flatbread was excellent. Don't expect a pizza, this is different, kids!  A thin flatbread smeared with a butternut squash & apple puree, topped with chunks of brie, fresh spinach, red onion, and pepitas.  Let's just say people were jealous at work the next day when they saw my carryout box.Liked the atmosphere, service was excellent, would skip the curds and opt for a bottle of beer.  That about sums it up.
2	Better food elsewhere.  Nothing was a stand-out.  Tried the cheesecurds...just ok.  Nothing special.  The burger and the turkey sandwich were both just ok.  Both were somewhat flavorless.  The frites were also just ok.Service was fine and the atmosphere was good.  But, I go for the food and nothing I tasted would draw me back anytime soon.
3	met some friends here for dinner last night. a reservation had been made, but it still somehow took us 30 minutes to be seated. (strike one.)this place is tiny... if you're waiting for a table, there's really nowhere to go that isn't in the way of the hostess and waitstaff. hooray for standing by the door on a cold, rainy night! (strike two.) then there's the crowd. these waspy, snotty yuppies are why i rarely venture to monroe street. they make my skin crawl. it's like they all stepped out of the pages of a j crew catalog. barf.we were FINALLY seated, and things were great after that. the server was pleasant and timely for the most part. the beer list is small-ish but solid. i ordered the mac and cheese and it was really, really good... probably the best i've had in a restaurant (although the bacon didn't hurt). i felt like the prices were a bit steep, but overall we were all very happy with what we ordered. i would give jacs four stars for the food, but the reservation snafu and the no waiting area thing didn't make for a great first impression.
3	Went for a weekend lunch for my first trip. Nice beer selection, but a bit pricey relative to other local prices. E.g., $7 for a pint of beer that would go for $5-6 at other comparable establishments like Alchemy or Brasserie V. I would expect that in Chicago but not Madison.We got the hummus trio, which was tasty and satisfying. My husband loved the Brewbarb burger so I'm sure he'd give Jacs more stars (in truth I'd award 3.5). I got the roasted root vegetable salad. While it was tasty, and the portion was very generous, many of the veggies weren't cooked enough. Several of the parsnips were so tough I literally could not bite through them. I tried several times. I hope to return to jacs and try the flatbreads and frites at some point. Maybe that will solidify a 4-star rating.
2	The food is ok though I waited 25 minutes for a salad during lunch and the restaurant was almost empty. The customer service is non existent.  Recently fell in the restaurant due to food on the floor.  The manager laughed.  The owner promised me her insurance company would contact me and that she would send me a gift certificate. SHE DID NOTHING.  Never called me back, never contacted me.  SHAME on them.  DON'T GO.
5	First time there and I really enjoyed Jacs!  Great food and great selection of craft beers and wine.  Very friendly staff as well.
4	I've finally been adventuring out more to the near west side. I admit, I'm an east side kinda gal, but with places like this, I'll have to expand my area when going out. I went here for lunch the day after a camping trip to Blue Mounds. My friend and I were coming back into town and decided to stop by somewhere new to us for lunch. We totally smelled of campfire smoke, but no one gave us a hard time about it. It was the weekend and they were serving brunch, but having had pudgy pies earlier that morning I was more in the mood for lunch food. The brunch menu did look good and spying on dishes delivered to those around us, I may have to give it a try sometime. I ordered the bacon cheeseburger they had with the frites. I've read about these frites on yelp for ages, and I can confirm that they are quite delicious. My friend had the sage grilled chicken sandwich and she said it was also super tasty. The beer selection looked good, but I wasn't drinking this day. I may have to try it sometime when I'm looking for something Belgium. My one complaint while there was that the tables are quite close together. If the person at the table next to us had long hair, I fear it would have been sitting on our table edge. If you are someone that likes your space when you are eating, I don't think this would be the place for you.
5	About ten days before I ate the moules et frites at jacs, I ate the same meal less than a football field from the sea in France. My husband and I had the same reaction to the mussels at jacs- they were, hands down, much better than the ones I'd had ten days earlier. We also shared the crab cake appetizer, which was the perfect size for two people to split, and was nice and light with plenty of crab flavor coming through instead of too much filler. My husband had the special that night, which was a pork medallion and chipotle mashed potato, and while he doesn't usually enjoy mashed potatoes, he found them delicious. Great experience at jacs, would definitely recommend for a nice dinner out or for a mellow place to take visiting in-laws and the like.
3	Small but great mussels...
4	We had a great visit to jacs for lunch.  The restaurant is smaller, so I can see this filling up during busy times, but we showed up around 1:30 and had no problem finding a place to park on the street out front and being seated promptly.  There is a nice bar, small seating area, and the atmosphere is casual.  Our server was attentive and friendly.The menu is varied and has some interesting selections from which to choose, including sandwiches, salads, flatbreads, and a variety of entrees.  I was with a party of 4, including a child, and I need to eat gluten free.  We had no problem meeting all of these needs at jacs - everyone enjoyed their meals.  The kiddo went with the chicken nuggets and frites from the cute "jacs and jills" kids menu, which is a coloring sheet, and the hostess provided a huge cup of crayons for her.  One person enjoyed the Brewbarb Burger with frites, which has an intriguing combination of rhubarb ketchup (they make a lot of neat flavored ketchups in-house), bacon, brie, caramelized onion, and bacon aioli.  He thought it was quite good.  Another opted for the vegetarian friendly offering of the Portabella Sandwich with frites, which featured a combo of balsamic marinade, roasted red pepper, mozzarella, and pesto aioli.  This was much loved too.The gluten free menu is extensive - it is the entire restaurant menu minus just a few items, as indicated on the regular menu.  This gave me a lot of selection.  I finally settled on the Pulled Pork Sandwich on gluten free bread with frites.  The burgers and sandwiches come with an option of frites or mixed greens salad, but we were apparently all in the mood for frites during our visit, and, indeed, they were delicious - golden and crispy.  My pulled pork sandwich was huge - I could barely finish it.  It is loaded with pulled pork.  The real factor that set this apart from others I've tried is the pickled vegetables.  I loved the tangy tartness with the sweet and salty bbq.We would definitely go back!
5	One of my favorite Madison Restaurants! Great place for brunch.
4	First time here recently. Great place! Friendly bartender with good recommendations for beer. Terrific happy hour as well. I had the Prosciutto and Peach Flatbread which was easily one of the best flatbreads I've ever had. Will definitely be back to this place!
2	I ordered a large beet salad and the husb ordered the chicken sandwich. When the food came out, my salad bowl was very dirty on the outside -- covered in goat cheese, dressing, and bits of lettuce that I presumed were left there when they were tossing the salad. The beets were lukewarm and fingerlike -- they just looked gross. I didn't touch them. The taste of my salad was okay, but way too saturated with dressing.My husband's sandwich was so-so. He neither liked it nor disliked it.We weren't impressed, so we won't be back.
2	A bad lunch:1. Unfriendly and stubborn waiter.2. Super fatty/greasy soup (which made us nauseous later on)3. One of the people in our group wanted to taste the soup before ordering, which irritated the waiter. When the bill came, we were shocked to see that the restaurant charged us $1 for "tasting the soup". It was literally a sip of soup in a sample cup. 4. The soup we ordered came with super tiny piece of bread. We asked for "two slices of bread". And, again, to our surprise, they charged us for two ting slices of bread. 5. The waiter never told us that there is a tasting-the-soup charge or there is a fee for two small pieces of bread!Shame on this establishment.
2	WTF? They used to make great fries here and now all they have is deep fried  diced potatoes Gross! Get it together Jac's there are too many good restaurants in Madison to phone it in on a Friday night.
5	My husband and I came here for dinner around 7pm on a Saturday night.  We were seated immediately.  This was a pleasant surprise since we typically end up waiting a long time at restaurants near the capital.The waitress was very attentive and friendly. The food was delicious!  My husband had duck which was cooked perfectly and had incredible flavor.  The duck had a pomegranate glaze.  It was served with mashed sweet potatoes and some of the best Brussel sprouts I've ever tasted.  I had the wild mushroom poblano risotto which was also good.  We can't wait to come back to try the rest of the menu!My only complaint is that it can get a bit cold when people open the door, but it's winter, so there's not much they can do about it.  Bring a sweater.Tip:  Almost everything on the menu can be made gluten free.
4	Nice lunch experience during weekend visit to Madison. Casual bar/restaurant environment with quality food. Husband said his burger was "stupendous," and I enjoyed cioppino and salad.  Would certainly visit again.
3	Nice atmosphere and the frites were great but we expected the meals to be more flavorful and we found the drinks to be overpriced. More welcoming to kids than many similar restautants.
5	I'm in LOVE with this place!  the b & b (Token Creek eco inn)  recommends it and SO true!  Gluten free fish fry is fabulous!  We will come here again when in Madison WI! !!!! Great cocktails and Keith found 3 different beers on tap he liked!
4	What a heaven for the gluten-free (and the normal hungry folks)! Food is solid and the kitchen is really flexible and able to make most things sans gluten. Frites (can be made gluten free) are great and come with 4 dipping sauces that (I think) rotate occasionally. The soups and burgers are solid. The walnut burger in particular is solidly delicious. The atmosphere is fine but nothing special. There is one main dining area, which is a little small and open with a door to the outside right in the middle. Depending on where you sit there are occasional cold breezes from the open door or throngs of people standing over you as they wait for a table. Probably best for groups of 4 or fewer. Jac's is probably best for some of its special nights, including wine night on Mondays where you can get drinks and apps for not many monies...
3	Jacs was a three star experience for me. I was mostly underwhelmed by the food.Met up with two other people here and there was a slight wait for a table at around 7:30. The host was really nice and kept updating us on the status of our table. We had some time to enjoy drinks at the bar and they had a nice variety of beer, wine and cocktails.We were seated relatively quickly and had a great server. Good cheese curds for appetizers. They have two vegetarian burgers on their menu and I had the chick pea/ walnut variation with the beet ketchup. I applaud them for creating a homemade vegetarian burger but it just lacked a lot of flavor. The French fries were also okay. I do believe that the other individuals appeared to enjoy their meals though and based on the other reviews, I probably just ordered the wrong thing.I would definitely give this place another try. It is a really fun atmosphere and they appear to have good specials everyday.
5	I had been wanting to try this place for a long time and this weekend was finally able to do so. It's seriously so good. I can't wait until my next visit. Honestly thank god I don't live within walking distance because I'd be broke.They don't take reservations, but we called on our way there and the host said he had a table for 2 if we got there within 15 minutes. We did, and sure enough our table was waiting for us (awesome). We started off with a beer and cider for me, and could tell right from the get-go that the service was going to be stellar. And it was throughout our dinner.We had the almond stuffed dates as an appetizer and they were absolutely phenomenal. Best thing I've eaten in a very long time. We then split the roasted beet salad and pheasant flatbread (gluten free). Both were divine. I was particularly impressed with how yummy the gluten free flatbread was, it was clear that it was homemade. The entrees might be a little pricey, but it's so worth it. Best meal I've had in quite some time, and even my mom agreed. I cannot wait to come back!
5	After spending hours browsing Yelp for somewhere new to try, I decided on Jacs because it's just down the street from my work (and somehow I'd never noticed it?) My favorite thing about Madison is its plethora of "New American" restaurants/gastropubs with simple menus and amazing french fries. Jacs is just that.My boyfriend and I called when we were about 15 minutes away and asked to put our name on the list. When we walked in, it was packed--really no room to even stand and wait--but thankfully our name was called after about a minute! Unfortunately, our table was right next to the bar and there was a large party waiting to be seated. They weren't seated for 15 - 20 min so it was a bit unpleasantly crowded for us.I ordered the Bourbon Burger and it was delicious. My only complaint is that the ciabatta roll was too big for the patty so I had to take several bites in to actually get to the meat. I ordered the frites, and they were weirdly short but the house aioli was INCREDIBLE. I need a recipe asap.My boyfriend got the steak frites (note: if someone in your party is ordering this, you should probably opt to get a salad instead of frites of your own. HUGE portion.) I had never liked steak...until last night. I had a couple bites of his and it was incredibly tender and the sauce was amazing. Totally worth the price.Our waiter wasn't super friendly, but he was efficient, which I appreciate (no long wait for drinks or the check!)I will definitely be back. Cozy atmosphere, delicious aioli, great selection of beers on tap! Go early or call ahead, it's a small space and can get very crowded.
5	There are multiple reasons for which I could highly recommend Jacs, but the most significant would easily be the gluten-free friendliness. The menu is largely gluten-free or available as gluten-free and the staff is very understanding as well. They even offer a gluten-free fish fry and New England Clam Chowder on Fridays. While not traditional, both are tasty. My wife and I can't wait to go back. If it helps, the drinks are great, too!
5	This place has a great atmosphere and great choices! The selection for beer on tap was descent. A nice variety in types. The food can mostly be made gluten free, which is nice. The service is fantastic and helpful.  Our waitress was on top of things and even suggested Friday night fish fry for a later date! The food was fabulous and we left full and happy. We will definitely be back!
4	Went with 2 friends on a Friday night...pretty crowded, but even though they don't take reservations, they do let you call ahead.  The host was very nice, checked in with us a couple times to let us know what the status was of our table.  Food was delicious!  Mushroom & butternut squash risotto was absolutely the best--friends fish fries were excellent too.   Only negative was that our waitress did not once ask any of us if we wanted another drink, nor did she refill our water.  Overall though, I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
5	I love Jac's. They have the best frites (fries) you could ever eat in your life. They have a simple menu, but you can always find something you like. Plus they do brunch on Saturday and Sunday, it's delicious.
3	Jacs has good food. They are clearly a step up from your average restaurant. With that said, I don't go there very often despite living close by. Once you"ve been there a time or two the honeymoon is over. My last visit was a real disappointment. It took over an hour to get a table despite calling ahead. We were forced to wait in a crowded corner, getting bumped into by other customers and dodging waitstaff. All while just inches away from a poor couple trying to enjoy dinner. The food is good, but not that good. There are plenty of other great places in Madison particularly around the capitol.
3	Went with a group of 7 to jacs for brunch on Sunday. They have a pretty good brunch menu with many different options. I got the harvest salad which was huge with salmon. The coffee was a bit watery. A friend got a Bloody Mary and said it wasn't very strong. The order of fries is huge!!! Can be shared with five people easily. Good brunch spot in Madison. The only actual complain I have is the waitress. We were with a group of friends and she didn't ask ahead of time if we would be splitting the check. When we asked at the end she looked pissed and was very rude about it while delivering our checks. Waitress's name was kate (that's what the receipt said). We were all pretty offended by her rude behavior to us. All places in Madison split checks no problem.. It's to be expected in a college town.
5	My family ate here tonight for the first time. We were immediately greeted at the door by the owner, George. He introduced himself & welcomed our young children, telling us that Jac's is a family restaurant. We felt right at home. Our server Kate was just as friendly. After we ordered our drinks, she came back to our table telling us George wanted to buy our first round & also our children's meals. In addition he sent out a plate of delicious sauces for our frites, also on the house. The food was delicious, the service was amazing, we will absolutely be back often! A fabulous dining experience.
1	This review is solely on its customer service. I made reservations for four prom-goers a little over a week before the big day. The gentleman on the phone repeated in detail my information. When the kids arrived they were told there was no reservation! All dressed up and no where to go! Of course, they were all booked up until 10. Since the kids were on a tight schedule, they were forced to go somewhere else.  Thank goodness their beautiful evening was saved by another restaurant nearby that went out of their way to accommodate them!!!!Jacs really dropped the ball on this. So just beware if expecting them to hold you a table.
5	the best restaurant with gluten free options that ive been to in 8 years as a celiac. go there! you will thank me if you do. sooooo delicious!
4	This is a neighborhood eatery that always pleases. We have come for lunch and dinner. They have  an excellent variety of beers but also wine. Their Moule et frittes is a signature dish which I have had often. They do have vegetarian options such as the black bean burger and the walnut burger. The place is small, divided in half between bar area and dining room and has a tendency to be noisy when full. If you're looking for a quiet intimate dinner probably this is not the place to go. However if you live nearby, like me, you'll frequent this place often.
3	Not sure what to make of Jacs. For starters, the place is VERY small so I would advice to make reservations if you're looking to dine on a weekend. That being said, you have no arm room between you and other diners. It's hard to hold a conversation with your group because the noise travels and makes the place extremely loud. I think my boyfriend and I came on a down day. We decided to have dinner there and called ahead to reserve a table. Not even 15 minutes after being there, a group of 10 comes in and basically takes over the bar. They were very loud, obnoxious and rude in some instances. Our table was less than 10 feet away from the bar so we were beyond annoyed at their behavior as well as other customers. Not fault of Jacs establishment . The Bartender had to ask them to please settle down. It really made the experience go downhill fast. As for the food, we started off with the frites with Aoli. Not bad. Fries were homemade as well as the sauce. However, they hardly gave us enough Aoli for the large amount of fries we received but still, it was a good starter. My boyfriend ordered a jacs burger with a side of clam chowder. The chowder was good. Tasted homemade. He seemed to enjoy it. I got the Mac n Cheese but subbed out the pork for chicken. It wasn't bad but it was soooooooooo  darn cheesy I couldn't eat it! I love cheese but the dish was just overwhelmed with it tall that it was impossible for me to eat more than 6-7 bites. The next day, I heated up the leftovers for lunch and could not believe how much oil was at the bottom of the the bowl. About a good 5 tablespoons was sitting under the noddles. I am assuming this was the fat that came from the cheese. Honestly, 2 people really could share the dish because it's a lot for one person to eat.I'm reluctant to say anything bad about Jacs because I feel like I can give them another chance. They were far from bad but I expected better based on the reviews I read on Yelp. I will probably dine there again but I'm not dying to get back anytime soon.Rating? TBD...
5	5/30/14 Stopped in for Saturday brunch.  The veggie breakfast tacos were awesome.  The Epic Imperial Stout from Utah was delicious.  Their mussels and frites are always good too!
5	Wife and I stopped in on our way back from Mineral Point for brunch.  The breakfast tacos (black bean and chorizo) were delicious and so were her farm fresh organic eggs and ham!
5	Went last Sunday with our friends. We were two couples so the reservation was made for a 4top  with two infants. Jac's accommodated the request and was very nice about children and us lingering although we did eat and drink and be merry upon our most recent visit. I had the mussels and frittes with a roasted beet salad. My bf had the crab cake blt. Our friends had, the smoked salmon blt and the breakfast tacos. We shared a few appetizers. The most memorable was the trio of hummus dips with crudites and pita chips. The mussels were very fresh and the broth in the mussels was heavy on the beer (a good thing) with a nice clean citrusy or herbaceous after taste to it. The frittes served with the mussels were a huge pile not just a handful. Waiter was patient and courteous.. Offered us samples of beers to try and the coffee was always topped of in our mugs and served with cold cream. I'd highly recommend Jac's if you are in that area of town. parking is difficult but it is to be expected.
4	Delicious (yet pricey) salad. Great selection of Whiskey. Wasn't too busy during lunch hour on a Thursday, not sure if road construction had anything to do with that or not. I will be checking this place out after work hours some day.
5	A coworker and I were in town for business and stumbled across Jacs when looking for a gluten free place to eat.  This place was perfect.  Kate, our waitress, was fantastic as well as knowledgeable about GF options.  We started with with bacon wrapped dates, my coworker had the duck over a sweet potato puree/I had the bourbon bacon burger, and we finished with the creme burlee.  Will be back on your next trip out and request Kate every time!
5	My new favorite restaurant is Jac's. To be fair, the pool of restaurants in Madison that I can actually eat at has narrowed considerably of late, due to a diagnosis of Celiac disease. The treatment for Celiac disease is a 100% gluten-free diet for the rest of my life. Unlike someone with a gluten intolerance, I cannot eat at places where there is a significant risk of cross-contamination, so a lot of Madison's "gluten-free" menus are not feasible for me, because they are not truly gluten-free. I am IN LOVE with Jac's because I feel the risk of gluten cross-contamination is really low, and that makes me feel comfortable to eat there. First of all, they maintain a dedicated fryer for gluten-free fried items. This is essential for me, and is actually, I am finding, quite rare. Additionally, our waitress  was extremely knowledgeable and seemed to take my restriction seriously. Although she was "pretty sure" that none of the sauces on the menu contained gluten, she checked the items we ordered, specifically, to reassure me, and seemed happy to do so. Unrelated to gluten, the host was also awesome. We arrived to a bit of a wait, and he allowed us to walk up and down Monroe St. during our 15 minute wait. He called us when our table was ready. That was such a nice touch.On to the food. The gluten-free menu options at Jac's are extensive. There are several menu items with a tiny "g" next to them. In my naivete, I initially assumed the "g" denoted menu items that were gluten-free. This seemed more standard, as most places don't offer that many GF (gluten-free) options. Our waitress informed me, however, that the tiny "g" denotes only the few menu items that CANNOT be ordered GF! That meant that nearly the entire menu was my Oyster! With so many choices, it took a while  to pick my dish. I finally settled on the GF Tarte Flambe. The Tarte Flambe was a flatbread topped with Jones Farm Bacon, Caramelized Onions, Creme Fraiche, rosemary, and Parmesan Cheese. It tasted heavenly. I can only describe the taste as being the same as the glorious smell of bacon and onions cooking together (plus cheese). It was SO. GOOD. And, the gluten-free crust was thin and crisp, and it had no discernible "weird" flavor or texture. We also had gluten-free frites with four amazing gluten free dipping sauces. Everything about it was incredible. Although my experience was awesome, I can anticipate it being really hard to get a table at Jac's on a weekend night. We went on a Tuesday at around 7pm, and there was STILL a wait! They don't take reservations on Fridays, which is disappointing. I will definitely dine at Jac's again, and I look forward to writing an updated review at some point.
4	I was very pleased with my meal at Jac's. I got a Jac's burger done medium well and with my first bite I instantly fell in love. Having the burger on ciabatta bread was a refreshing yet amazing change to the average burger. Also they put their very good aioli sauce on the burger as well as on the side to eat with the frites. The frites were crisp and tasty, with salt and pepper. The gluten free option is great at Jac's too! I went with a friend who is gluten intolerant and there were only 3 things on the whole menu that were not available to be gluten free.  She got the grille cheese which was mouth watering. It was filled with caramelized  onions, avocado, peppers, and more! It was great she was very pleased. The staff was friendly and the menu provided a wide variety of food, although it was a little pricey (ranging from 4 for appetizers, to 25 for entrees) I thought it was very worth it. I Definitely will be going back.
4	Prior to writing this review I had been to Jacs before and wasn't impressed. It was when I was younger, cheaper and less patient.  So I took the girlfriend there on a Tuesday Date Night to see what's crackin these days on Monroe St.We rolled in at 7pm and every table was spoken for except one, so we were seated right away. Sweeeeet. We each had a craft cocktail with different house infused vodkas.  Her's was a black tea infused vodka with lemoncella, mine a raspberry infused vodka with lemonade and fresh raspberries. Both were great. Mine was better.My girlfriend had of the mussels with frites. She was smart and asked for all 4 sauces for the frites- sage aioli, BBQ, hot aioli and some other aioli. Her lemon butter Chardonnay mussels were good. Nothing to write home about, but good. I didn't know what to order so I asked the waitress what she is going to eat tonight and without hesitation she said the bourbon burger. That made up my mind. The bourbon burger was a treat. The combination of sweet bourbon aioli with salty bacon and melted muenster cheese was impressive. The flavorful grass fed beef was cooked perfectly to medium rare. Oh it was awesome. I rarely order the same thing twice at a restaurant but I will crave one of these on a hungover Sunday, promise.
4	Jac's is a place I really enjoy going to for dinner, and it's simply because they really bring the good eats.I've only had great dishes there for dinner, and among the highlights were:-The Frites (which come with multiple dipping sauces, including two delectable aioli sauces)- The risotto (it has changed a bit over the months, with different veggies in each incarnation i've had of it)- The Flatbread pizzas. ESPECIALLY the Grape. They took the grape off the menu recently, but at my last trip they still made it for me at special request (which was very nice of them to be so accommodating). But, they need to let the whole world know about it. It's a perfect dish, with a crispy crust and a great mix of sweet and savory flavors.- The tap list. A pint there is a bit pricy, but they offer nothing but good brews.All these dishes, combined with an awesome wait staff who are attentive and knowledgable, create a delightful dinner spot. Jac's is so close to a 5 for me! But, there's a little catch. They also serve brunch on weekends, which sounded great to me, but the time I tried it, the food wasn't too great. It certainly wasn't bad, but the food just didn't have the same creative twists that I liked about the dinner menu, so the dishes were just kinda "eh". Maybe it was because of raised expectations though. If Jac's can add a bit of pizzazz to the brunch menu, then my 4 will surely change to a 5!
4	Excellent service. Solid food. Will definitely go back. Especially appreciate their attempt to lower the noise level by adding panels to the tin ceiling. Probably need to add some to the walls. No one in our party had eaten here before. Everyone enjoyed the experience. Beer choices were also great.
5	Any place that has a dedicated gluten free deep fryer is a five star restaurant in my book. It also helps that the food tastes great and decent portion size. My wife and I went here for the Friday night gluten free fish fry and we can not wait to come back to the Madison area to eat here again. The wait staff is extremely knowledgeable and friendly. All I need now is a restaurant of this quality and mind set to open up in the Naperville, il area.
4	A dim restaurant meets bar feel. The ambiance reminds me a lot of Brasserie V. I really like that the menu is interesting and different without being over the top. For example, the three little pigs sandwich has swiss, bacon, ham and pork belly on it - something simple but with a funky twist. The cheese curds weren't the best I've had but they were definitely good. The only thing I didn't like was my soup (a pumpkin/tomato something).I didn't love everything I tried but really liked a lot of it and am excited to go back and try more from this interesting menu!
5	This is a fantastic restaurant with incredible food and superior service...  A quaint atmosphere which is surprising with the bar area located so close.  This is a special place for date night and we enjoy neighborhood.... We should have saved room for desert........  Check it out....and yes, make reservations.... It is always packed.
4	I enjoyed it here! Made a reservation for 3 people which I definitely recommend - it's a very small place and was busy at 7:45pm on a Monday night (which also causes it to get a bit loud). We had great service. The beer selection is excellent but a little pricey. I had the Sage Chicken sandwich with frites. It was very good but nothing absolutely spectacular. Overall a good experience and I would go back!
4	I'm in love with their happy hour.... Amazing Bloody Mary's and half priced apps!  Their frites are memorable and highlighted by garlic aolli
4	Jac's is the saving grace of Monroe Street. Delicious, reasonably-priced, traditional Americana food in a well-lit, clean, cozy space that can be described as bar-meets-restaurant. The drinks are fabulous, and the Bloody Mary could be a meal in itself with all of the add-ons. Attentive staff, great atmosphere. Will be back.
2	We stopped by for happy hour. The bloody marys were average at best. The bartender was an exquisite jerk. Rude, negligent, and brusque, he charged us full price for our drinks, and after we pointed out that it was happy hour, he stated "oh yeah, the only reason you're here." We didn't eat anything, so I'd feel bad totally slamming the place, but man, get your service mentality together guys. That was just bad.
4	Have been here a couple times since starting school this fall. Food has always been good but they have a couple servers that have terrible attitudes. When it's happened more then once, it's no longer them just having a bad day. They have a great tap selection and drink specials too.
5	I had a wonderful evening at Jac's last week.  A friend mentioned their killer happy hour so we met for drinks and it turned into a full evening. We sat at bar seats and I was most impressed with the cozy atmosphere and excellent service.  Each employee interaction was friendly and genuine. The owner even kindly introduced himself as we left. I had a spinach salad to start (I really love that they offer so many options with their salads, small/large, add chicken/salmon).  After a couple craft beers I enjoyed their chorizo-saison preparation of the moules frites.  Don't be shy about the $17 price - the portion was huge and the frites were stacked high for sharing.Yum. Can't wait to go back.
3	Been back to Jacs several times since the 2010 fish fry review; time for a brief update.+ LOVE the interior. Quaint, comfy, cool. - Often a bit chilly, especially during fall and winter months. Always feels drafty for some reason.+ When servers are good, the place can't be beat.- When servers are poor (not as knowledgable, not as attentive), it's not a great experience. Most recent visit for brunch resulted in the server not knowing what the soup of the day was, and mis-representing the omelet du jour. Sort of frustrating...+ Beer list has become more "nano" with a lot of really interesting options+ Bloody Mary is *outstanding*- Bloody Maria isn't really worth an extra $3; it includes 2 extra pickled veggies (mine was pepper and mushroom), 2 small pieces summer sausage, and 2 small cubes of cheese, with a very small chaser of brew. + Better bet: go with the standard Bloody for $3, and get a pint of your favorite micro brew for about $1-2 more than the "special" Bloody+ Love the menu options+ Roasted beet salad, the frites, any of the sandwiches, the pork chop... all so good.- Brunch is hit-or-miss. Most of the items are *extremely* buttery, so be prepared. I recently had the omelet and it was swimming in butter. + Mixed greens are delicious and perfectly dressed (as a brunch side)All-in-all, I like Jacs. Great vibe, great beer, solid food - it all works pretty well.
5	This place is so much fun!  Tuesday's are 'Burger Night' and you can order off the menu or order the special burger created that day.  The special tonight included Dijon, arugula, and a pretzel bun...very tasty.  Brunch on Saturday is awesome!  Great local beer selection as well.
5	Frites are perfectly fried and well seasoned. Had the roasted beet salad and would highly recommend. The large portion was a generous amount and ingredients were fresh and incredibly flavorful. Add a ginger soda and you're set for a light lunch. Also, comes with four slices of baguette.
4	Highlights/lowlights1) outstanding gluten free selection2) cute location3) wide variety of menu itemsI can't believe that as someone with celiac disease it has taken me this long to come to Jacs! The great location on Monroe St. With a free parking lot makes this a hassle free outing. The ambience is cute, pub like and the service is about average but not bad.What really makes Jacs stand out is the unique menu options and massive gluten free menu! The cuisine is American. You can get sandwiches, pizza, pasta, burgers etc. Jacs has gluten free pizza crust AND buns AND pasta AND a separate fryer. I only saw one thing on the entire menu that Jacs said they couldn't modify to be gluten free. We tried the frites with the dipping sauces (including a sage and a cranberry sauce) as an appetizer. I had the gluten free Mac and cheese with bacon and ham (so bad for you I'm sure, but so good!). Both items I tried were great and everyone I was with enjoyed their meals. I will absolutely be returning to try some of the other entrees!
3	Hmmm.  With my sister being gluten-free, I've had more than a few meals at Jacs, since their menu specifies only the items that can't be made gluten-free, rather than the usual other way around.  We keep going back, and yet...The good: the food.  I've had some great meals here, most recently their crab cake Benedict, which was seriously amazing.  Perfectly poached eggs, beautiful crab, even the side of potatoes was delicious (though in need of some salt -- what IS it with under-seasoned food in this state?!).  I also love their chicken Francaise, and I believe they do a good burger.  They even managed to have decent coffee for brunch, which some restaurants just can't seem to handle.The not-so-good: the service.  My sister called it "vaguely neglectful," and that's the best way I can describe it.  They're perfectly friendly, and subscribe to the "team" approach, but I always feel a bit abandoned here.  When I ordered coffee at 10:30 in the morning, our waitress returned to report that they were running low on coffee cups, so it would be a few minutes.  Um...did you break all the cups last night?  Or do you seriously not have enough of your fancy glass mugs with handles to manage a brunch service?  Plus, they got my sister's side item wrong (easily and quickly corrected, but still), and when we asked for the check, the server dropped it and ran, despite the credit card in my sister's hand.  Finally, the restaurant is SMALL, and it can get quite loud, and the tiny back hallway with the restrooms is awkward to navigate.Overall, Jacs is not a bad place, and I'm sure I'll continue eating here.  Just keep your service expectations low and you should be good to go.
5	Love Love LoveRoommates and I decided on going somewhere new in Madison, and found Jacs on Yelp, and read how much it was praised. So we decided on giving it a shot. I'm glad we did!Let me just say, love the area that Jacs is in, gives off kind of a small town feel but obviously in a big city, very cute, and quaint. It was decently busy for a Tuesday evening, but we got right in. Our server instantly gave us a warm greeting, and offered us something to drink and read off the specials. We decided on starting off the meal with The Frites as an appetizer with the four dipping sauces ( Classic Aioil, Sage Aioli, Cranberry Mayo...which was my favorite, and the House BBQ. ) After looking over the menu, I decided on getting the Bacon Blu Burger... minus the Bacon.. with a Side Salad with their House Raspberry - Cherry Vinaigrette. The Burger came on a pretzel bun, it paired so well with the cheeder - blu cheese becheme. I will agree with a few of the yelpers that the bun was a bit too big for the actual burger patty. The atmosphere at Jacs is great, very cozy, dim lighting, soft music playing, and staff was fantastic. Can't wait to try Jacs out again!
2	Disappointed!  I made a reservation a week Ago and yet it took 30 min to get our table. The food was descent but for the price, there are better places to eat. Also it's a tap house but the selection of beers is limited. Luckily the company was great and that's what matters most. I probably would rather go to Brasserie V instead. We went here because they take reservations but that didn't do us any good anyway. I really wanted to like it but Jacs but they fell short of my expectations and didn't do anything for not having our reservation ready for 30 min. Not even an apology.
5	As you get nearer, the aroma of delicious grilled and charred beef meets your nose in a whirlwind of sensory overload that forces you through the doors of jacs. Do not fight this sensation.This may have (definitely was) one of the best meals on a recent trip to Madison. The jacs classic burger was outstanding. The juicy grass-fed cow, sweet caramelized onions, and sourdough burger bun in particular were the stars of the show. It's a large burger, and my wife and I easily split it. We got the salad instead of frites, and it was a great accompaniment to the burger. We did try someone else's frites, and those were also delicious, though with the burger it'd be a heavy meal.I would definitely return, and though I'd love to try the walnut burger, I don't know if I could tear myself away from getting another classic. Don't be a nincompoop, get it medium-rare for supreme juiciness. Why can't all burgers be that good?
4	Very good place. In addition to top notch typical pub food, they have an excellent selection of gluten free options, both for food and drink. This sets jacs apart from other similar places. Worth a return visit.
