3	As a general rule, upon entering the Globe Bar, you will be met with three types of people: students taking advantage of the cheap drinks, sports fans taking advantage of the large flat screen TV's that show all the latest games etc, and finally backpackers who stay at the abundance of hostels around this area.The mixture of these three types of people, each with thier respective reasons for coming to the Globe Bar means that if you were looking for a quiet night you have come to the wrong place. If you are looking for trendy cocktails and dancing, you had also better leave.Generally, this place is good - its cheap, has a friendly and fun atmosphere, but can get a bit rowdy and uncomfortable.
4	Probably my favorite pub we went to on the pub crawl--fun, tv's, nice layout, lots of people, what more can you ask for? maybe cleaner and cheaper drinks--we were on a pub crawl anyway!
2	Eesh, I seem to be in the minority here both on Yelp and amongst friends all of whom like this bar. Now, it's not that I actively disliked it. I think my review needs to be understood in the context of what I normally like in an drinking establishment.Let's make this on a compliment sandwich...no wait, shooter, to keep it sweet. (This bar has a list of very amusing shooters, which I shall not repeat here, but if you have been or to go this may make more sense):The Jenny-Jelly Shooter1/3 Friendly and Cheap1/3 Sports Bar Boredom1/3 FunThat top layer of quite sickly sweet liquid that you know you're going to like but maybe not for the best reasons (think cherry sours). The bar is welcoming, friendly bar staff, cheap drinks, nice crowd. All of these are good things. You'll find cheap drink, and an impressive range of spirits (red stag, a few different types of vodka). Not your limited standard fareThe middle layer of rather overpowering, intoxicating taste that will cause an involuntary nose-wrinkle (perhaps sambuca. I mean who enjoys that?!) This bar has many TVs, of varying sizes, on every wall you look at. Seriously. A huge screen at the end of one 'part' of the bar. Little tvs by the bar, other tvs all around. All showing the same sports channel (it was rugby I think?) If you like sports, this will be great. But if not, it's a little overwhelming. As a result it's a kind of sports bar, with that vibe. People out to drink cheap drink, to get drunk, get a little bit lairy. Substance over style (lots of alcohol substance, not much style). This is perhaps where I sound slightly snobby, but of the two shooters I tried, both werent that enjoyable and a bit sickly (everyone agreed the Cherry one tasted like medicine), didn't get me any closer to being merry and whilst they were cheaper than my beloved margaritas, they were in no way enjoyable so if anything I felt out of pocket.So whilst the drinks are cheap, the whole atmosphere is perhaps equally so. It reminds me of a student union. May suit some tastes, but not mine. This is subjective here. For what it is, it isn't bad.It does, however, have an element of fun that would work on the right occasion. The shooters, as I mentioned, were sickly, sweet and amusingly named. A night that begins here with a few of those and a cheap vodka chaser would probably be a good start to the night. But we ended up here half way through our night, having previously been at better bars so it felt like a step downwards rather than onwards.Saying all that, I might start my night here with a big crowd on a fun night out. It's just not a 'Jen-place', so the 2 star rating is because I personally would never suggest coming here or perhaps even look forward to going. But I think if you are looking for particular elements or need somewhere to start a long-night out party, then it'll do just fine.Backpackers, ex-pats, crowds of folk, those watching the pennies, those in need of a sports bar with big screens, stag and hen parties and other people less fussy than me may well enjoy it!
4	Guilty pleasures rarely get better than this.The only reason The Globe isn't my one-stop locale for all my social/sport-viewing needs is that they don't do food; that said, however, I believe they are completely willing to allow you in with whatever grub you find from one of myriad takeaways located around the North Bridge, Royal Mile and Cowgate areas, in which Globe rests like a wee diamond.Mainly a backpacker bar, the drinks are obviously cheaper. But this also means there are always events on for the ever-changing regulars to get involved with. Live music, movie nights, quiz nights, crab racing.... okay not sure about that last one. But the point is it wouldn't surprise me.Never any hassle, which considering the amount of chavs that frequent on the weekends (a result of the cheapness) and it's proximity to the Hive (next door) I think that's a rather impressive claim. I think it's largely down to the fact no one wants to get barred from this place. You may as well cut off your drinking arm...!Okay not really.With a tv on every wall, The Globe is a haven for sport lovers, often alternating the screens between 2 to 3 separate events. Eyes in the back of my head please...?Staff are laid back and friendly. Crowds are ever-revolving and always multi-national. If you're into random banter and cheap drinks, The Globe is perfect.
3	The Globe was next to my hotel and the first bar I stopped in. I had a few drinks and played a round of pub trivia there as a one-man team, but overall I just couldn't dig the vibe. It seemed very geared towards people in their very early 20s - students, backpackers and the like. It had something of a sports-bar vibe, which is fine if you follow the sports they're playing. But unlike American sports bars I'm used to which have a much more diverse crowd cheering on the Sox, Bruins, or the (blech) Patriots - there didn't seem to be anyone in this place over 22 and only a few of them were watching the Rugby match. There was not the rambunctious cheering I associate with a good sports bar with a game on.The place wasn't very busy (it was a Monday night around 10pm) and I was sitting at the bar by myself, but the bartenders never said more than three words to me. This was very different than my experience in other places in Edinburgh where I could usually strike up a bit of a conversation on a slow night. It's not a horrible bar, and if you're a young backpacker or student it may be just your thing. But it's not really my scene.
3	A decent dive barWas overcharged for my drinksThe best time is late
5	Visited here on Saturday and was overwhelmed by sports tv's!! Great Bar - will defo be back!
