4	I went to Best Buy this past weekend to buy a new digital camera for my mother. Not only was I impressed at the knowledgeable, helpful, easy to find staff, but they also offer an "online price-match" that enabled me to get the Nikon I chose for $70 off the in-store price, just because it was on sale online. In addition they walked me through finding memory cards, service plan, etc rather than handing me the camera and leaving me to figure it out on my own. The store was also clean, well-maintained, and had everything I needed in stock. Yaaay, Best Buy!
3	Three stars is an average review. If I could Id' say 2.5 to make it dead even. A Best Buy is what it is. Lots of consumer electronics and only the most popular options. I honestly wish there were more options out there for places where I can go get computer or TV. Best Buy has a sort of stranglehold on the market. I don't hate Best Buy but I think they need more options, especially at this location. The Best Buy up in Mooresville already has Ultrabooks on display for the Spring 2012 season.Customer service is decent here. Again, a pretty standard experience but I've definitely been to worse Best Buys so that's saying something. This one is also closer to home. I'm in the market for a new computer but I guess I'll just have to give it some time for them to change their stock around. If only America had the great Japanese electronics store Yodobashi Camera.
4	Why do I go to Best Buy?  I can usually find what I am looking for.  Why waste time traveling to other stores where the advertised specials are out of stock, of course.  On this day, I was looking for a simple flash drive for my daughter.  She had lost the previous one because it did not have a hook.  I refused to purchase one without a hook; this way, she can put it on her lanyard and keep up with it.  Other stores had a wide selection of flash drives, some as high as $34.99 (why?) but none had a hook.  I made a stop at Best Buy and voila, I found a cute little small flash drive for $8.99 with a hook, and a splash of red color and here is no cap to be lost.  Service was great, but it took a minute for them to open another cash register with 5 customers in line.
2	I accompained my boyfriend yesterday to this location, as he's in the market for a new TV.  He's done his research & was fully prepared to purchase yesterday.  It was around 12:30 PM & we walked in & were immediately greeted by the Dish TV people - who of course, can't help with products.  We walked on to the TV section & he showed me what he wanted.  He had looked online prior to driving here & saw where they had two in stock.  We looked around for an employee & couldn't find anyone.  After about 10 minutes of walking around, we finally found someone who was already helping someone else.  He briefly acknowledged us; however, didn't bother to possibly find someone else to help us. Five more minutes had passed & finally he came over.  Shawn tells him the TV he wants & the employee goes back to his "station" to look it up. Guess what? None in stock...& the real kicker - it was something that was advertised in the Sunday sales paper!  Then he proceeds to tell us he can special order it & Shawn could come back & get it in about three days.  When Shawn said "no, he would just come back in a few days", the employee was just like, "ok", & walked away.Needless to say, we weren't too happy with this experience. The employee could have easily said, "hey, I'll check at the other Best Buys for you", but he didn't. Poor customer service in my opinion.
3	This best buy is really busy today!!!!! There is a nice open setup.....today the line is extremely longgggggg but a nice store.
3	My mothers TV when out the other day. I had $65 worth of best buy rewards cash so I went there. Got her a 37" LG LCD tv. Store wasnt too busy and there seemed to be enough sales associates handy. All in all a good experience. However, they claimed that 2 of my coupons for $15 off total had already been used. ??
4	Best! Best Buy in town... Alissa (computers dept.) and Tony (front door security) provide best in class customer service! Makes me feel like I'm at a friends house who has opinions on everything technology... Won't shop at another Best Buy! Thanks...
2	I was disappointed that they sell Apple products, but when I went looking for a hard plastic cover for my MacBook Pro that there selection was so limited.  I have a 15inch MB Pro, pre Retina display, and all they had were hard cases for 13 inch  MB Pros.  Selection, selection, selection.  Where is the selection???
1	I really can't stand this place. The sales people are either rude or extremely pushy.I recently went in to ask about getting an antenna to boost my modem's signal strength. I couldn't find what I was looking for so when I asked the associate, he asked another associate standing nearby my question and this 2nd guy didn't even acknowledge me, I felt almost invisible while the two of them talked. Then this 2nd associate made some snarky comments about my internet service provider (Clear) and basically made me feel like a second class citizen for even existing. I've had my current modem for a total 2 months so I seriously doubt that it's that arcane. Look, I work in an office so I'm used to rude, sarcastic, 'make-you-feel-stupid' IT guys, but this isn't the place. What I was looking for was a simple wireless access point or some sort of high gain antenna that I can use at home to increase my 4G internet signal. They sell them almost everywhere that they sell electronics or office supplies. One would think a big box store like Best Buy would have such a device. But rather than help me, they acted like I just walked in and asked for a new fuse for my eight track player.So I went to Radio Shack and had a great experience. The store associate was very helpful and even called around to another RS when she realized what I was looking for was out of stock. I won't ever go back to BB!
1	Went there with my bf today to get a new laptop and NOT even one person came to ask if we needed any help. Like really? And we were in the same area for almost an hour. I was so upset I was thinking I am not going to walk up to them when they should walk up to us. It's their job and they need to do it right
1	Unprofessional manager & general manager. Would not let me return cracked smart TV.  Writing a letter to corp office about store.  Mooresville store DID let me return faulty device. Props to Mooresville
2	Not much different than other Best Buys.  You won't get helped.I'm not sure I get what's going on with Best Buy.  They used to be awesome.  They always had employees that loved to help and knew what they're talking about.  When Best Buy gets put out of business, I'm not sure I'll even bat an eyelash.On the other hand...maybe I need to blame social media and homeschooling for creating these socially inept employees. Strike that...I blame Best Buy for hiring those kids into a service related field.
1	I have purchased alot from Best Buy thru the years, but will not do so anymore.  I stood in line for the Geek Squad for 25 minutes.  They had 1 person working the area, and he was working hard.  No complaints with Mark.  After 25-30 mins another Geek squad memeber came out of the back to help me.  I explained what i needed and he went to the back for a few minutes.  He came out and left the area and told me Paul would be right out to help me.  O, so I wait for Paul for another 5-8 minutes and just finally left the store without being helped.  Approx 40 minutes in line to get my computer looked at it and received zero help!
1	They were worthless when the screen in my galaxy cracked from from dropping it. No help at all
3	I never understand the theory of employees waiting around to help customers, but few cashiers available to check out those same customers. I went in to purchase a phonograph for my daughter for Christmas. What was running through my mind? Those dozens of beautiful albums I sold at a garage sale for a buck or 2. Now here I am, facing the prospect of Alex asking me for Rumours or Dark Side of the Moon to play on her new turntable. Anyway, I wandered the store for a couple of minutes, looking for the turntables. No luck finding anyone who knew where they were either. I finally located them, made my selection and headed to the checkout. Where I waited. And waited. Then waited some more. The cashier gave me the obligatory apology for the delay, took my money, and sent me on my way. C'mon Best Buy, hire a cashier or 2, especially for when I'm in a hurry.
