4	UPDATE NOTE: They only serve lunch on Fridays now...*****************My friend Scott L tweeted about trying this Jamaican spot on the border of FreeMoreWest and SouthEnd at Summit and Mint, so I thought I'd give it a try. I was post-workout and needed some sustenance to regain my superpowers so I called in an order. Not many people call in an order to a place where you've never seen a menu, but I'm not the brightest bulb. But my deductive reasoning led me to the fact that they probably have a jerk chicken entree. Sure enough they had a jerk chicken lunch special which included succulent, on-the-bone jerk chicken with a really luscious spice and heat to it with a hint of pineapple juice, two sides and the best red beans and rice I've ever tasted. I always consider red beans and rice a throwaway because I hate dry rice, but this not only was light, fluffy and moist but also had a nice spice to it too. The chicken marinade/rub reminds me a tad of The Shizzle sauce, but of course Mynt cooks the chicken much better than I do. I didn't care that it was on the bone because it was so wonderful. The sides I picked were fried plantains (yum) and and Carib slaw (cabbage, carrots, raisins, craisins in a sweet vinegar sauce).  They also have stewed cabbage, sweet potato fries and regular fries (and probably 1 or 2 others).  I brought it back to my office and was devouring it like a caveman and so surprised by all the flavors - Is this what Jamaican is supposed to taste like?? If so I might need to downgrade a review for bland Anntony's!!  As far as I'm concerned, if you live near Center City, you could maintain all your pollo needs at Mynt, Viva Chicken and the Chicken Roasting Company and have a good variety.So why not 5 stars? Unfortunately until they need a total interior redesign, this really is more suitable as a to-go food place. It feels like a dingy bar and lounge. I don't have high hopes that their lunch business will fund an upfit in this off the beaten path location, but it is DEFINITELY worth stopping in and getting some food. I look forward to seeing the whole menu and trying other things.
4	I'm the Scott that Jules review mentions. For ~$10 dinning for lunch or dinner I'm not going to fret about not being redecorated; the focus here is on the quality of the food.For west & Southend'ers Mynt is a welcome addition to neighborhood. It is definitely a bootstrap operation taking over the previous Allure nightclub space. As such it's still dimly lit and an open space because it does become a nightclub bar later at night. But during the day or until 8pm I can certainly recommend this as a place to get your caribbean fix. The menu is limited but I would say focussed. My green curry chicken came out freshly made, the upside of new place in need of foot traffic nothing is made ahead. The rice is indeed succulent and a nice balance to a curry chicken that is spicy and flavorful without being dominating. The sweet potato fries are notable in that I think they're panko breaded & fried. They have a slight breading you'll see in the picture with a crispness that's distinct. Another thing that references their focus on their food than the building is they plate everything for the appeal of your food when it comes out. That's something you don't find at a meat n' three price point.The manager Delroy came out to talk and as I complimented him on the plating he showed me pictures of what they do doing their dinner entrees which are very well plated. One dish was a caribbean shrimp dish that I can not remember well enough to spell. It was unfamiliar to me so he ran into the back and brought me a sample of 3 wings in an unusual red pepper, vinegar and cumin sauce. It's not part of their lunch menu so you'll have to try it when during their happy hour wing special or at night on an entree. In summary, the food is great, the space is a little divey, there is a reggae music in the background but you won't hear overplayed Bob Marley favorites and it sure is easier to visit than Anthony's. Parking is on West Summit Ave side.
3	Is this place ever open?! I've passed by numerous times at various times of the day / week with no luck. What's up with that?
