5	Excellent! I'm a starbucks junkie and I was looking for a place to stop and dink coffee in Mesa while I waited to go to work.  Talk about a score.  First off, the bagels are 99cents and they are really good, secondly the wifi is free so I was able to browse the internet without hassle, third, the small coffee was like $1.39, and fourth the decor is nice and they have a flat screen tv so you can get the news while you sit.   The location is downtown Mesa so it has that historical feel.  They also serve breakfast and open at 7am.  Compare that to the money I used to waste at Starbucks every morning and you just can't beat it.
3	This location has been around for a few years, but I visited this spring for the first time. My dad is a huge fan, so I've been back several times.They have a wide variety of smoothies, plus some sandwich and sweets options. I've had two types of drinks: a mango smoothie (good) and Lunar Lemonade with raspberry (great). I don't care for bananas because they always taste overripe to me, and the staff has been willing to adjust set drink ingredients without any issue.Note that there are some drinks on the menu that aren't actually available. It's Starbucks-expensive, but they have free size-upgrades once a week and buy-ten punchcards for regular visitors.It's got plenty of indoor seating, which is good because you'll wait a long time for your smoothie, even if you're the only one in the place. The dining area is never particularly clean, and it's a guarantee that the counter near the cash registers will be sticky. The wait and the cleanliness are a big turn-off for me, even though the drinks are good.Closed on Sundays.
5	I eat here all the time. The girls are super friendly and the food is reasonably priced . The breakfast bagels are  almost a daily thing for me.
5	Delicious!
1	Can't customize and the smoothie I got lacked flavor. Plus it took forever and was expensive.
1	We walked in and placed an order for two smoothies to go.  15 minutes later I received one of them, and five minutes after that the second.  These were right off the menu with no deviations.  Since we had already waited 20 minutes for a SMOOTHIE (ridiculous) we left in a hurry on our way.  We should have tasted the smoothie in the store.The first one, Tropical Thunder, tasted just fine, if not a little overly sweet.  The second one, a Screamcicle, was TERRIBLE!  How much ice do you need to use?!  We were crunching on ice pieces in the smoothie and there was absolutely NO FLAVOR!  I would have had no idea this was supposed to be orange flavored, let alone have other ingredients.The sugar and additives make this place on par with Jamba Juice, but at least they have consistency.  I will not be returning to waste more money at this place.
4	Location- easy to get too if going west on main, but east on main because of the metro and construction is a little bit of a pain. Plenty of parking. Its in a little shopping center. Ambiance- casual, nice, clean, handycap accessible.Service- friendly! Welcome to planet smoothie at your entrance and have a nice day going out. Walk to the register to order find a table and they will bring it to you. Food- Simple and Delicious! They have obviously smoothies, but they also have salads, sandwhiches, and wraps. I am personally a regular. The price is on the money and food for being so simple is quite delicious! Love their in house dressings. Meals come with a choice of side and a cookie, with the exception of the salad.
1	Ordered a few sandwiches DELIVERY online and it took an hour and twenty minutes and they forgot one of our sandwiches. I called and told them and they told me they couldn't deliver it even though I paid for delivery and they forgot it. They told me I had to come pick it up, I ordered delivery for a reason. I ended up telling her to forget it because they wouldn't accommodate me for their mistake. So I lost my money and my lunch. I will NEVER order from here again.
3	This was my first time at a Planet Smoothie and I thought the service and my smoothie were great. I also thought the prices were reasonable. However, while I was waiting for the smoothie to be made I saw a cockroach climbing up the sneeze guard of their baked goods. That kinda turned me off, but I still enjoyed my Elvis smoothie!
