5	I had the Amazon Locals vouchers and it was an amazing experience. Ayla, our guide was as cool as they come.. very friendly and down to earth. Horses (Hero & Candy) were really nice too. the whole experience was amazing. We were scheduled for an hour and a half but it took an extra 15 minutes since we stopped for pictures.I received an email that requested to confirm appointment. Also instructions when to arrive, where to park, and where to meet the staff. Thumbs up.. I'll definitely will bring more friends to experience this.
1	I contacted them regarding the Amazon special...they said they would offer the price without purchasing it thru Amazon.  I made a reservation, had an email back confirming it, then NEVER heard from them again!!!  I emailed three times the week before my reservation to confirm, and also left a voicemail.  NO RESPONSE....and therefore no traiil ride!!  I had booked it to take people who were in town visiting.  I will never trust this place again...I would NOT recommend buying their coupon.  So disappointing.
5	We had an amazing ride! The staff was super friendly and ALL the animals were great!! We got our deal off LivingSocial and it went off without a hitch! Purchased online, followed the easy instructions, and got a confirmation email quickly. I decided to change my time, and they accommodated us without any problems. The horses were fantastic and so gentle! We had a mini scare with my horse taking me off the path and straight down the hill!! It was scary but she had great balance and I survived. LOL We definitely want to return again!!
1	Tried to book a ride with them on their web site.  I intentionally did not put my credit card number in because their site is NOT SECURE. Right after I booked my appointment I sent them an email letting them know that I'd be more than happy to give my credit card but let them know their site wasn't secure so I didn't feel comfortable booking it this way to let me know how to contact them.They sent me an email making me wrong for not putting my credit card in and letting me know they were going to cancel my reservation.  I responded nicely letting them know why (again) and to provide a phone number for where I could call it in (and I had a couple more questions).  Never heard back from them again.  Went on Living Social and cancelled my voucher.I don't know if they are or not, but the way they handled this makes me feel uneasy and that they are shady.  Would not recommend based on my experience.
5	5 STARS isn't enough for the amazing experience and ride we had!!!! Bought it through LivingSocial without any problems, we got an amazing deal for an amazing ride. The staff are super friendly and our guide Ayla was AMAZING!!! The horses are very friendly and gave us a ride I'll never forget, can't wait to come back and visit again. I highly recommend experiencing Vegas horseback riding.
1	Wanted to go here during our trip to Vegas this Christmas. Confirmed by email that they would be giving rides around Christmas. Then bought the Living Social, filled out the booking request form on their website, then ... NOTHING! No confirmation. After several unanswered emails, I called Living Social for a refund. Turns out, the business had already marked my voucher as 'redeemed' even though I have not yet been to Las Vegas. Note: it is their policy to NOT answer phone calls/return messages. In my case, apparently, it's their policy to not respond to emails either.
5	Had a great time. I would definitely do this again! Our tour guide was awesome! I completely recommend this to anyone thinking of wanting to go horseback riding.
