4	Not the cleanest theater in the world and just as expensive as anywhere else but it does the trick.  And I'm really starting to like it because I feel like I'm traveling back in time when I pull into the parking lot and see the sign.  It's got that Edward Scissorhands Publix mojo.
4	You certainly can't compare this theater to Phillip's Place or Regal, but it's been around since I was a kid.  I used to go to this theater every weekend in middle school.  They typically have an odd selection of movies, and not all the new ones, but it's so low stress- Park Road Shopping Center doesn't make me want to kill myself like Phillip's Place or the Arboretum.
4	OK so it is a little on the ghetto-tastic side, but that's what makes it so charming.  Yes it may not be the most glamorous place on the face of the planet, but it's still a fun place to come and relax while watching a great movie.  I also like the fact that they play some independent fare.  The type of stuff most other places won't really give much time to.  A very low key place with a serious retro feel.
3	I agree with Jason L. that the sign alone makes up for some of the ghetto-fabulousness of this theater. It's not clean, and it's expensive, but it's kind of cool to see a movie somewhere that's less chichi than Phillips Place. Yes, sometimes, the chairs are stick, and yes, sometimes it smells funny...but, they get some of the best titles out, and they also often show independent films. You don't get the snobby crowd of Phillips Place.I'd still recommend bringing the big purse or backpack and sneaking in sodas. It's expensive!
4	The Park Terrace theaters are no fancy theaters by any means.  In fact, they show their age, and I wouldn't normally choose Park over other theaters.  Thankfully, the theater has wisely recently converted to showing mostly independent films that the Manor Theatre can't carry due to its size of only two theaters.  This allows Charlotte to have even more independent films playing at any one time -- yea!  Kudos to Park Terrace and Regal Entertainment (who bought them from Consolidated Theaters)!  Plus, Park Terrace has stadium seating, which the Manor doesn't.  I do love that they've kept the original sign and look to the outside of the theater.  It gives it a retro feel.  Now, if they could just amp up the "classy" aspect inside the old building, we'd have a Class A independent film theater.
4	I like this movie theater a lot--it's basically the main theater we use when we want to see a movie in Charlotte. I don't think we're alone: this place is packed (lots of times with high school kids, sadly) on weekend nights, which can often be a huge pain in terms of parking and quiet-keeping during the show. But like I said, the theaters themselves aren't bad at all. First of all, there's like 8 of them, so you generally have the option to see whichever movie you want. And the theaters are decently large, so they're rarely (as far as I can tell, at least) sold out or over-packed. I find the seats really comfortable, which is huge for someone as tall as me. As for the concessions options, they're pretty good, and the lines are usually not that bad. Parking is really easy (there's a large adjacent lot), and there are lots of dining options--from super nice to quick and easy--within walking distance, so you can grab whatever you want before or after the show.
4	I think this theater is as rad as the shopping center sign that everyone else is raving about. I feel that it is almost a badge of honor for theaters showing indie films to be kinda busted. I mean, these theaters are inevitably taking a huge financial hit by having only 4 showings a day of Slumdog Millionaire rather than 15 showings a day of Big Mama's Death Race II.  Or whatever. So, my hat's off to you, Park Terrace, for giving Charlotte some cul-chah. Your floors can stick to the bottoms of my sneakers any day.
4	Where good movies go to die in Charlotte. What do I mean by that? If you ever go the review site, rotten tomatoes, then you'll know what I mean. All the movies that start here or end up here are highly rated movies for the most part...a few "indies" as well. Place is never really too busy. Only down side is the chairs in the theater aren't as new and comfortable as the ones in the newer theaters.TIP - if you're going to an afternoon matinee, buy your tix on fandango, as if you don't you'll be like me yesterday...waiting in line outside behind many senior citizens with coupons and gift cards.
4	I have to agree with Todd W. on this one...this place consistently shows "winners"...no joke...it seems like the majority of the movies that are shown here win some type of award! Oscars, Golden Globes etc.So, yes, I like this theater because they show great movies and those movies tend to stick around a bit longer in the theater. The inside is nothing to really write home about - it's a bit older, but the location is super convenient to SouthPark and MP/Dilworth. Concessions are standard - expensive, yet always a necessity in my book. You'll likely pay the same prices here as you will at other theaters, but the film selection is really why you'll make the trip. I know I'll be back to Park Terrace Theaters soon...probably to see some half-indie flick that will be nominated for an Oscar!
4	Park Terrace is a great 6 screen located in Dilworth.  It's immense charm makes up for the fact that it is slightly outdated and still pricey at $10.  There are a host of other great things about Park Terrace:- Shows high quality movies- Great location- Stadium seating- Vintagey sign- Not a madhouseThoroughly enjoyable!
4	I used to be all about the new, flashy, huge movie theaters, but this one has a lot of personality.  Yes it is still owned and operated by Regal, but I'm glad they haven't really done too much to it to keep its unique atmosphere.  In all my years of living in Charlotte, I've always driven by Park Rd Shopping center and never really stopped, but Park Terrace is a great excuse to frequent this location.  Recently I have been seeing a bunch of movies that were nominated for a best picture Oscar.  I've enjoyed all the movies I have seen here - and definitely enjoying the "smaller" crowd since this theater only has 6 screens.  I guess the phrase, "quality over quantity" applies here.
4	Fun, vintage look on the outside! Like others have mentioned, this theater is in a shopping center with restaurants to make an entire date night in one location. The movie selection is always great! Low key place, fine concessions.If you are used to the EpiCentre Theatre seating, you'll not be comfy here. The seats are standard and old...there's a reason for the low lighting as you enter one of the theaters. All-in-all great place to watch a great film! By the way, they have special deals on ticket prices on Tuesdays!
5	I enjoy the movies shown at Park Terrace.  In addition, I have never experienced any issues with the audience members (cell phones, etc.).  Some of the auditoriums are small, which is occasionally appropriate for some of the movies.  Great job to the theater and its staff!
4	Love that this theater plays more than your average blockbuster.  Its my usual weekend matinee spot to see the newest random movie out.  I'm a sucker for indie films and besides the Manor this is the only place to see them.  Nice staff, no issues, I dig it
4	Park Terrace is one of my top destinations for seeing a great movie.  They specialize in showing some of the best independent and international films in theater.  They are also part of the Regal Theater system, so I can earn valuable points for free snacks and an occassional free movie!  The theater is comfortable...and the placement of popular films in the larger auditoriums works very well.  Another important thing for a great theater experience is fresh hot popcorn!!!  Park Terrace always has fresh (not pre-popped-out of the bag) popcorn!  I enjoy it there.....as a matter of fact...let me go to Fandango to see what is playing today!!!!
4	I went with my wife a couple of weeks ago.  We arrived not knowing what we wanted to see.  Noticed that Bridesmaids was scheduled at 9:25 and decided to see it even though it was only 8:50.  We walked around a bit in the shopping center across the street, and came back.  The lady said the theater was ready yet so we sat and read for a bit until I noticed it was 9:25, so we went in to the theater only to discover the movie was playing!  but it quickly became apparent that it wasn't the beginning but  rather the end!Turns out that the sign was wrong outside (i double checked to see what it said) and that it was a 9:55 movie not 9:25.  Needless to say we were a bit annoyed to wait another half hour for the movie.  However, the manager came over and offered to refund our tickets, which I thought was a very nice gesture given the screw-up.   It definitely is a move that will make me come back again to this theater.Very cool vintage 50's facade, and an interesting mix of independent and main-stream cinema.  I like it.  And who cares about the seats anyway.  They might be old, but I was never uncomfortable.
5	Hands down my favorite movie theater in Charlotte (okay, maybe tied with Manor)... but seriously GREAT stuff here.  Vintage feel.  Impeccable movie selections.  One of the ONLY theaters that shows indie flicks in the entire city.The inside is comfortable and there are rarely and crowds.  The employees are always friendly and talkative.Plus it's a Regal so if you get the Regal card they have a really great rewards program.Love this place, and if you like good movies I'm sure you will too.  Date night?  Check out Good Food or the Flying Biscuit across the street for dinner.
4	A review update must be had for Park Terrace...it's still the same old but comfy theater that shows fantastic movies (as in indie flicks, smaller budget and inevitably, many Oscar nominated/Toronto Film Festival/well acted films) but a few extra notes must be made:1) $2 candy on Mondays2) $2 popcorn on Tuesdays3) It's a Regal Theater, so use your card for bonus tickets, popcorn, etc. 4) Usually you'll have a bunch of seats to yourself, so hey, that's a bonus.5) Even though the seats (and theater) are on the older side, it's still comfortable. Enjoy the movie and turn your cell phone off!
5	I freakin' love this place! Probably one of the VERY few theaters in the area to show indie films. Comfy seats and low key atmosphere makes this a great place to come to spend a few hours in. Make note that matinee is before 3pm though.
4	This theater is one of two showing Friends with Kids (highly recommend). I was impressed with the cleanliness and quality of the theater. Seats were comfortable and we had an unobstructed view as the place was rather empty on Sunday evening. The staff was cheery - and overall the price was in line with other theaters ($10 for non matinee). Since its located in a shopping center, you can check out HT or CVS for snacks (at your own risk) beforehand ; ) There are also some dinner and drink spots close by for before or after the show.
3	I hate paying full price for movies. There's just something wrong with $12 for two hours of people talking into their cell phones, crunching wrappers and sticky floors. But when there's a movie you really want to see and you can't wait a month for it to come out at Redbox, then you're kinda stuck.Park Terrace is a nice theater with mostly comfortable seats that are well cushioned with drink holders in the arm rests. The seats are "stadium style" so you don't have someone's hair in your sightline and you can focus on watching the movie.It's still spendy. At the moment, movies before 3pm (there's one showing) are $7.50 and every other showing is $10. I didn't check out the concessions.Parking is easy and there's plenty to do both before and after the movie. Fuel Pizza is right next door or any of a half-dozen other eateries without having to cross Woodlawn into *that* plaza.Their movie choices are usually not the big name films right when they come out and they also have a selection of off-brand indie films that are worth watching.
4	I've driven by this theatre hundreds of times since I've lived in Charlotte and have never made it in until recently. These guys show tons of indie films and are one of the few in town that get their hands on some of the good ones. This is one of Regal's Theatres licensed to play Indie films. There aren't many across the country. Well, at least it pales in comparison to the USA's collection of mainstream theatres. We showed up for a matinee on a Saturday afternoon and the crowds weren't thick at all. A few other couples waiting to purchase tickets outside. The interior has a very welcoming old-timey feel to it. Remember theatres in the 90's? Not much glitz and glamor. Just a simple refreshment stand, a few restrooms, old tube televisions playing previews and some movie posters lining the walls. The theatres themselves are quaint. Stadium seating, comfy chairs, ample leg room and oversized cup holders. Per usual. The service is so nice here. The management wear suits and greet everyone as they enter. A gesture you don't find at large theatres. This place has my vote! Cheers, Park Terrace!
4	A hidden gem right in the middle of town! Like others have said, I've driven by here a thousand times and never even realized this place was even open! Our regular Regal theater wasn't showing Argo anymore, so we decided to come here, and I'm glad we did! It's old school, but not shabby. It's like a hipster retro theater without the irony, it's just old... Sound and picture quality were great for the indie and later release type movies they obviously show. I wouldn't come here for an action and effects heavy flick, but for anything else, it's either here or Manor.  And for the Regal Club members, there isn't a self serve kiosk, you have to actually talk to a human to get you pre-paid tickets!
3	This theater isn't as updated as other theaters in the area. However, they offer a movie selections that can't be found at other theaters.  While they are as expensive and don't have as many movies or movie times as other theaters the selection of indie films or other off the beaten path films is worth it.  If you are looking for films that aren't as mainstream check this place out.  Again, the theaters are older and smaller than newer theaters... So go a little early
4	From the exterior, Park Terrace doesn't look like much to write home (or to Yelp) about, but ultimately the experience is no-nonsense and exactly what you want.  Great nearby restaurants (Park Road Shopping Center, Montford Drive) within walking distance open up the possibility of making the evening a special "Date Night / Dinner & a Movie" event.  They usually don't show the absolutely most recent movies that have just released, but if you give it a few weeks, they'll open at Park Road soon.  The interior is nothing fancy, but it's functional and plenty of bathroom stalls make the lines pre & post showing move quickly.
5	Now, this theater is not a place you go to watch 'The Fast and the Furious XII' in 4D. It's an old-school 6-screen movie theater, where some of the screens have about 30 seats and smell pretty old. It does have stadium seating, it doesn't have an arcade.Park Terrace runs independent and foreign films and has a certain charm that is lacking in most theaters in this region (Manor Twin excepted). Like the Manor Twin it is owned by the biggest of movie theater chains, Regal, but it looks much like it has since it opened.My wife and I have been to about 30 movies here, and have never been disappointed with the service. The food isn't the best, there aren't many options, but sometimes the popcorn is pretty good.Instead of getting a snack here, we go to the great Good Food on Montford down the road for dinner. Other times we go to Flying Biscuit and get a light meal.
4	Charlotte needs more theatres with limited release movies.  Right now there is the Manor Twin, and this place.   Pretty old, but since I love indie movies, it's all I have :(
4	I love this movie theater.  It's less crowded than Phillips Place or the others.  The popcorn at this theater is also better!
4	I like this theater - fewer popcorn flicks and more independent films/documentaries and such. In my photo you can see more healthy, gluten-free snack options if you're not in the mood for Ike and Mike. Staff are friendly, facilities clean - nice place to go if your in the mood for something different.
4	I like this quaint throwback theater.  It was one of the few theaters that play movies that are off the radar. Came here late on Saturday night with the mouse to watch "Her."  It was probably the late showing, but at the same time, it was pretty cool bc there was only two other people sitting in the theater other than us.  With stadium seating, I was able to sprawl out, kick my legs up on the chair in front of me, and whisper with the mouse.  (I'm not a talker during movies, but when in Rome).  Didn't buy any concessions, but the concession stand cashiers were friendly. I'll keep this place in mind bc of its screening selection and bc it's empty!dmo out.
3	This is not the fanciest theater in the city. In fact, it's probably near the bottom if you look only at the appearance. It looks like theaters used to look: Nothing fancy at all. Now it isn't quite like the Manor, but it's only a step up.Individual screens are the same size as they have always been, and there isn't stadium seating, just a small sloped section at the back that has been built up. It's not old school, it's not new school. It's like middle school.Instead of 12, 18 or 22 movies, you're talking 6. There aren't many options when it comes to concessions either.Luckily, staff is friendly and because of the limitations you don't typically have long lines, and sometimes you can find the screening of an interesting movie or two while you're here.
