4	I didn't have much time to look around the park, but from what I had a chance to see, it was really nice. Plus, Anthem Hills is a nice part of Henderson. It is also very close to Del Webb Middle School, in case you were wanting to go close to the time school lets out.The park is sunken in, which is a cool feature. If you don't know what I am talking about, you will see. You have to walk down trails to get to the park, but the incline/decline is not too steep. They are stroller/wheelchair friendly. There is a playground near the parking area; I can't recall if there was a fence around it.The grass was dying (or already dead) in the winter months, but I'm sure that's the case for all parks. The park is 55 acres (according to the website) and was clean. I would recommend this park if you live in this area.
5	this is a great park!  LARGE!!!! There's a big football/soccer field--- It's huge.  Probably like--no lie--- large enough for 4 or 5 games at a time.If you go farther up the hill towards the main park,  they have basketball, tennis, volleyball [on sand]- playground & skate park!  Their are also lots of benches spread throughout the park for picnics or just hanging out.  the park is open pretty late too!  We held a v-ball practice here on the basketball courts & they allow you to turn the lights on while it's dark.  I'm used to parks closing at sundown in cali- so this is nice in the winter when it gets dark at 5.  My sons b-ball team also holds practices here in the evenings as well-- It doesn't get to filled up or overrun...  I really like this park!
4	I thought this was a great park!  So much to offer, Basketball courts, a Hockey Rink, Volleyball, Kids Play area, Soccer fields, Baseball, picnic area plus much more, this place is huge!  I hung out here for a little while while waiting to meet up with a friend! Its great to see families and friends hanging out and having a great time!
4	Great park with lots of open spaces and amenities. Plus it has an amazing view. Being that it is in a residential area you really get a feel of safety and community unlike some of the other larger parks in town. There's enough space to spread out from the rest of the people enjoying the day which is nice. I am not a fan of going to the park and feeling like I am spending time with a bunch of strangers. I also like that the park is kind of sunken down into the ground so on those windy days it kind of just blows over the fields.
5	Great ball fields!  Nice views of the city.  Good infrastructure (parking, playground, water fountains, picnic tables, paths) as well as less common amenities (rollerblade rink, skate park).  Glad I live nearby!
5	Great view of the strip and mountain range.  Nice, clean, and friendly for kids and pets.
2	Great amenities, but horrible if you have young kids. There's a lot of teenagers who play on the playground and use foul language.
