4	Lash Extensions by Cher here are AMAZING _Affordable. _She listens to your every wish for the final product. _Very friendly. _Accommodating evening appointments. _Reasonable amount of time to complete. _She is pretty busy so make appt in advance. I wouldn't go anywhere but here for lash extensions! Cher is the greatest =) aaand no I am absolutely NOT Cher haha just one of her very satisfied customers.
5	elizabeth unvericht has been doing my hair for 10 years great job ! color is her specialty but she is the best hair stylist by far . she graduated from carsten hair and specialized in hair color .  and  the cut is outstanding  ! phone no. is 602-376-2500
5	wow ! great job elizabeth richert  great color!  the best hair stylist out there ! she can fix anyone mistakes !
5	I love Gabriel. He does an amazing job every single time I'm there. I generally get two peekaboo highlights put in, and a cut and style, and always leaving looking great. His attitude is always upbeat, it would be impossible to spend any time in his chair and not leave in a good mood. The salon is always clean and comfortable. I never feel like I'm being forced into spending more money or buying product, but when I have a question about what I should be using in my hair Gabe always makes excellent suggestions. I have recommended him a good friend and my mother and both love him. My mother even left her stylist of 10 years to start going to him because of the excellent service he provides.
5	I was in a bind yesterday and needed a cut since my regular girl was booked.  I stopped in this location because it is close to my house and got my cut done by Amanda who did a great job listening to what I wanted and it turned out great.  The cut was only $18 and my regular girl charges $30!  I stopped going to Great Clips years ago because once you finally found someone that knew how to cut your hair they would leave.  Anyway, this little place is pretty nice with a few other girls around (maybe 10-15 more stations here).  The inside is cool with color and the normal smell of a salon and the other staff is friendly.  It is a great location next to subway and my favorite Mexican joint Camineros.
5	I took my son here to get his hair cut. I have had my sons hair left long since he was a baby. He looks like a little surfer. So getting his locks cut always makes me nervous. Maybe it's just me.(your saying yes aren't you?) I have to say that this salon was very nice. It didn't have that overpowering chemical smell that other places have and it was decorated with warm colors. Friendly receptionists and clean. I made the appointment with Amanda and she had everything already set up for my 8 year old. Booster seat and all! She was really sweet and was asking him about what he did for Thanksgiving. She listened when he told her how he wanted his hair and would give the look asking for approval. His hair turned out great! He was a happy customer! Will be back again.
5	I have been meaning to get my hair cut for a while but I've been apprehensive.  I used to have a great stylist in Glendale an was wanting the same pride in workmanship.  I went to a different salon on this side of town but didn't like it very much. The shop was really nice it's just that my stylist didn't listen to what I asked for.  I decided to try Pure Elements because it was new and the reviews are really good.  I called to see if there were any openings and the had one for thirty minutes after I called.  I took an appointment with Lexi.  I hope that's how you spell her name.  But she was awesome!  A real joy to talk to and she did everything I asked with my hair.  Ben when she was finished she asked how I liked it and I had a minor change but she took care of it immediately.  I absolutely love my hair cut!!!!
5	I would like to start by saying I'm absolutely crazy when in it comes to my hair. As a natural brunette it is hard to find a stylist that can get it the perfect blonde without damaging it at all. Amanda Banovac at Pure Elements does an outstanding job perfecting my color!! I have gone to the same lady for years in Scottsdale but decided to try something a bit closer... And I am so thankful I did! I have seen Amanda three different times now and LOVE it every single time! Trust me I know first hand how it is having your set stylist but I promise you can't go wrong by switching to Amanda!  And prices are very reasonable which you can't beat!
4	Stopped by with the Aunt to get a little hair makeover before all the family photos were taken, immortalizing my split-ends. Glad that I did!My hair was cut by Liz and she did a lovely job. It's clean, looked the way I described my "hair vision", and she spent plenty of time on extra touches, like making sure my ends curled under and back combing.The stylists here are independent contractors, so they charge what they feel their services are worth. I appreciate that - since, I feel it takes a driven and motivated person to take control of their own business image. That's the type of person I want holding the scissors!My aunt also loves her new cut - although I forget the name of the stylist. Pure Elements seems to be a win.
5	Awesome customer service and stylist!  I will be returning!  Turned more horrible hair from a budget shop into something great!  Thank you Suzie!  Will be back!
5	Amy Mohr has been doing my hair for over 3 years now. She is fabulous! My hair is very fine and fragile so she always takes every procaution to make sure my hair is protected and comes out great. Very resonably priced and very friendly. Amy is always accomodating at making sure I get the apointment I want on the date I want, or the following weekend.I have my hair foiled/bleached/highlighted every 6-8 weeks.I was a licensed hair stylist back in my "younger days" so I am VERY picky about who I allow to touch my hair. Amy always listens to what I want/need and is always professional. I trust her with my hair and that is saying a LOT!Love her!
5	I love this salon. I have been going here for 5 years now. Andrea is my stylist and is awesome. This is my get away every 6 weeks and it's always relaxing. The price is do affordable.
5	I visited Pure Elements for the first time today. Meaghan was my stylist. She's awesome!  Friendly! Sweet! Sense of humor! Plus she have me the best cut I've had. She listened to me and did what I asked.  My hair turned out great. Everywhere I've been prior they've cut it way too short...Meagan nailed it!!  I found my new " Go to" place for hair, nails, brows. They do it all here. Thanks Meaghan!!!
5	Called in the morning hoping for a miracle, that they would have a color/highlight/cut opening same day. They did!  I saw Wendy Wright.  I came in with abused hair that I had been coloring myself, and walked out looking amazing!  She did exactly what I wanted, trimmed only a tiny bit as requested, and made great suggestions along the way. My hair has never looked better, and I used to go to Dolce - so much better here, not to mention less expensive. I will definitely be going back to see Wendy.
5	I have been to a few nail salons and found a fair, a couple of very decent ones, and one very good, but THIS salon was by far one of the Best experiences I've had. Very nice atmosphere. Wonderful people! Sher was my tech. I had a pedicure and a fill for a set of gel nails. The pedicure was Wonderful! No squashed muscles. No HARD massage. No callus file that looks like a cheese grader. Just callus removal that was not uncomfortable and did not make me want to squirm out of the chair, and lovely pampering that made my feet and legs feel very relaxed, not abused.Sher worked with the gel nails I had and ended up taking 90% of that mess off before she could get a base that was workable. My nails look Beautiful! No wide, flat looking nails. They look more natural and very Pretty now. My nails don't catch on Everything, and all of this at a Very Decent price.
5	Meaghan has been doing my hair for 18years and she is amazing! I have followed her all over the city! She is very precise on her color, blending highlights and a perfect hair cut every time! I highly recommend give her a try and I promise you will be in love. She is also very reasonable priced for the excellent services! I love going to see her!
5	I love this place. My boyfriend's Mom recommended this salon to me and I am so happy that she did. Talented and really friendly staff here, plus awesome prices! I absolutely love every haircut that I get here :)
5	I came to this salon after previously scared off from years of bad hair cuts.  By now, I was getting trims from fast paced hair places and left my hair without style or products.  I met with Brittanie S. and was blown away!!! Not only did she cut and style my hair exactly how I wanted, but also showed me products and how to style my hair but at the same time, was not pushy at all to buy a certain product.  I had it cut right before Christmas and everyone loves my hair and are really surprised how great it looks on me.  (Again, never styled my hair).  The new cut doesn't take long and I am defiantly going back.  The price was also extremely reasonable which perfected my experience.  The salon is also looks like fun place to be.
