3	How the hell am I gonna rate a fabric store? I have noooo idea. But, Rickie, fashion designer extraordinaire, knows fabric stores. Like I know Calphalon from Falseaphlon. Or Safeway Vodka from Grey Goose. Or American from Velveeta. Ok. I didn't say I was classy. Just that I know. Remember that. Anyway, big problem with Fabric Depot and Supplies isn't the nicely appointed restroom complete with HUGE can of Lysol and weird vase of baby's breath. Or the strange location. I'd have to say Fabric Depot and Supplies, if I may, that you're biggest problem IS YOUR MISGUIDED NAME.....It should be Upholstery Fabric Depot and Supplies. Very few bolts (yea, bolts, I know the terminology). Lots of heavy, I wanna cover my 80s Ottoman, fabrics and very few I wanna make an a line skirt with a lace halter top, kinda stuff. Store is very organized and nice, helpful staff. If only they'd had lace. Maybe I'd be wearing that cocktail number I mentioned instead of these old Nike sweats and my Every thing's Bigger in Texas T shirt.
5	This place is a wonderland of fabrics and related supplies! Its a virtual warehouse of every kind of fabric you could want or need! I came here because I was told they have the most extensive collection of marine vinyl in The Valley, and after checking out a few other spots, THIS IS IT! I restored my boat seats and got all the fabric from here, as well as the foam for my seats, which they cut for free! Staff is helpful to a straight, non-designer-guy like me! Its even fun just to look around at all the stuff they have here.
5	I had cushions done for my outside lawn furniture.  They are fabulous!!!  Ann helped me and designed the style and the edging.  They turned out very "custom" and classy.I then brought in a bench to have it recovered.  Ann again helped me and designed an adorable bench with five different fabrics and edging.  I will always go to this store for my fabric needs.
5	AMAZING SELECTIONAMAZING PRICINGAMAZING STAFF OF HELPERSI have worked with these folks for years.  I have never been disappointed. I have never been anything but amazed at the prices for such high quality of goods.  I have ALWAYS been astounded at how good their customer service is!
1	Most expensive fabric in the valley, minimal hours, rude staff, and located in an unsafe area.
2	The customer service didnt live up to the reviews I read on here.  They just waived me off and didnt really help me at all.
4	This place is an oasis in our fabric district-starved desert.I rated four stars because the fabric selection is truly amazing - though it focuses on carpet and upholstery, you can also find beautiful satin, organza, and even leather hides. If you are looking for something more special than quilter's cotton, this is the place to go. (Almost) every bolt has pre-cut swatches next to it, very convenient and a very nice touch. The rows are spacious enough to navigate easily, which is incredible considering the sheer amount of fabric contained in this place.Yes, the prices are not the cheapest, but the quality and selection is unparalleled by anything else I've found in the Valley. This is where you go when you want something above and beyond what every Joann's carries. The fabrics all come on full-sized bolts so a even a 1-yard cut does get you quite a bit for the money in most cases.I was overwhelmingly impressed by the selection and would give five stars for that alone, but I was incredibly disappointed by the customer service. Seemingly every row has a sign warning customers not to remove the bolts themselves (I saw one with a morbid depiction of a customer being impaled by a bolt - effective, I suppose, but incredibly off-putting). Yet, despite the repeated insistence that we not handle the bolts ourselves, the number of people available to assist in retrieving said bolts was minimal. I saw two "helpers" going around during the time I spent in there. One was assisting a customer, the other breezed by me without asking if I needed assistance. Fortunately I had my fill of swatches and needed to make some decisions at home before purchasing, so I ended up not needing any assistance. However, I am not looking forward to trying to track down an employee when I do need something cut. Oh yes, I will certainly be back, but it won't be for the stellar customer service.
4	Big selection of Sunbrella (what I came for!), and other outdoor and upholstery fabrics.  And they won my business yesterday because they're one of the only stores open on a Sunday.We chased away our original helper because we needed time to grab swatches, talk, consider, and look at the swatches inside and out.  But it wasn't hard to find another one when we needed the bolt moved and yardage cut.  Each person we dealt with was friendly and good at fabric small talk.My husband keeps wanting the impossible, but three different people engaged him on the topic of, "is there anything cats won't scratch?"  It feels like H&R has a bigger remnant section maybe?, and Tempe Sales has that whole separate room of super cheap fabric, but Fabric Depot does have their sales/remnant fabrics right in front of the store where you can see them.  I wish I wasn't always here looking for some very specific thing, because there have been some great fabrics in front the couple times I've been here.Now to go take my outdoor upholstery fabric to someone who knows what to do with it!  (hint: not me! :) )
5	I have a house full if mid-century furniture and I'm having each piece reupholstered one by one. After wasting time shopping and then purchasing from a couple other upholstery stores (one on the west side of Phoenix and one in Mesa), a designer told me about Fabric Depot. When I walked in there today I thought I'd died and gone to heaven. I'm not shopping at any other store from now on. The prices are comparable or a little better than where I purchased before. Trust me - with all the furniture I need recovered I am NOT paying the crazy prices at Boca Bargoons or any other Scottsdale shop. Fabric Depot is a feast for a eyes and there are a LOT of price ranges to choose from.  And, as I wandered the store I was asked twice by nice salespeople if I needed any help. At the time they asked, I didn't need help, but pretty soon I needed a sample cut. I easily found someone near the front and she called someone up to help me. Took only a few minutes and a helpful person showed up and cut the sample for me. Easy! I'm looking forward t my next visit!
4	Its fabric heaven. Come when you have time. And if your like me hide your wallet from yourself. Had lots of fabric for outdoor furniture too. Staff was busy so i had to go find someone to help me get some fabric cut.Service is three starsFabric selection is fivePrices are three stars too but you get what you pay for!
4	Came here in search of outdoor fabric for some cushions. Don't want some boring pattern, boring colors, or flowers, those are for OLD people. We want something that POPS! Well we certainly found it here. Plus, the quality is way way better than we could find anywhere else. Sunbrella is the brand and I'm quite impressed with it. At first I had sticker shock at the prices, $23-$41/yard!?!?!? But, the rolls are 54" wide, so each yard goes twice as far as other stores (for our project anyway). This store is impressive! They have so much to look at, it was the equivalent of my eyes salivating like Pavlov's dog. Really got our creative juices flowing for sure. I see some barstools getting recovered in my future!The only thing that I didn't like was 4 out of 5 employees we worked with offered less than I would expect, attitude-wise. One clearly became frustrated that we didn't use proper terms or know what we were doing, one couldn't answer any questions because he only stuffs cushions, one couldn't operate the register, and the one that could operate it didn't speak a single word to us. And for the honor of their service, we had to wait. The store was busy, though, maybe a weekday would be different. There was one nice girl that showed us around at first, she was great, wish I could remember her name.Overall good experience, highly recommend.
