5	I've been going to Orange theory for awhile and I can't believe how much I've toned up and slimmed down!!! I haven't bulked up and now I'm on my way to getting my bikini body back!! I highly recommend this work out!! It's so awesome and I can't believe I can get my full work out in an hour!!!
3	I was a member for 2 months, and loved the workout. I could actually see and feel an improvement in my fitness level in the 2 months I was there. They offer quite a few morning and afternoon class choices, making it easier to fit exercise in to a busy schedule. It really is a great workout and anyone who can get in to the gym often will see excellent results, I'm sure! It's good for all levels. Instructors will show modifications for exercises as needed so even the beginner can do them.  Con- you can't sign up for one month and go month to month. You have to sign up for 2 months at a time. You have to cancel before the end of your first month ending, or you commit to yet another month. For example, if you sign up in January, then you commit to January and February. If you want to quit, you have to quit before January ends. If you wait until February to quit, then you will still have to pay for March. If you quit in March, you still have to pay for April. If you quit in April, you're still in it for May. You get the idea... you're always in it for 2 months. If you cancel your membership and then change your mind, deciding you want to go longer, you commit to 2 more months. I signed up for my 2 months, and then half way through month one, cancelled my membership before I'd have to commit to another month. About half way through the second month, I decided I liked OTF and wanted to continue, but didn't want to commit to 2 more months. Month to month. That's what I wanted. If I could have done month to month, I'd still be there. I figured I could find a boot camp closer to my house for less money. Another con was when I was injured and was relegated to the low impact elliptical machine back in the corner by the window, instead of the treadmill. The majority of the class is on the treadmill, so I was back in the corner and didn't get much attention. If there were a lot of people in class, I can understand that, but I received very little instruction and sometimes zero encouragement.  Except for a couple of the trainers who were really great. Plus, there's this yogurt shop next door, and if I was at a night class when it's really easy to see through the windows, I felt like a hippo on display as I huffed and puffed away by myself, in the corner, on the elliptical. People licking their ice cream trying not to stare, but lets face it. It's like a train wreck. You just cant' help but look. My desire to continue was after I was allowed to get back on the treadmill. Then I felt like I was a part of the class. I got more attention, but more important, I didn't feel so exposed all by myself in a corner by the window. I ended up enjoying the class and was really enjoying the transformation of my body.... but that whole 2 month thing. I decided to see what else I could find in the way of a good workout elsewhere that was closer to home and cost less. I think OTF is a little bit spendy at $60 a month for access to 1 class a week and almost $100 for access to more classes per week.  It would be nice if for $60, someone could access at least 2 classes per week, if not more.I was willing to pay it, however, since i could really see a difference in my body shape. I just wasn't willing to commit to two months at a time.
5	I recently bought a Living Social deal to try out this place and now I am addicted.  For 60 minutes, you are put through an intense workout that will definitely put a shake up to your workout routine.  I love the challenge of the workouts and they make me push myself further so that I get the best out of the workout.  This place offers a group workout split between treadmill work and a combination of rowing machine and weights/TRX.  If you are looking to mix up your workout, Orange Theory will push you to a new fitness limit.
3	Make sure you understand what it will cost you to terminate.  When you start the service, it's energizing and you feel like you'll be attending for a while. However, after you go through the program several times, it becomes deathly boring and many people will find they want to terminate after a few months. In my case, the cost to terminate was $139.I haven't done the cross fit training that's popping up everywhere but people I know who have done both cross fit and Orange Theory say cross fit is much better and cheaper too.  Also, research it for yourself if they tell you that you're losing 1,000 calories per session. They claim that you keep burning calories for almost 20 hours after each session. I looked at all the info I could find about this on line and the actual story is that you continue to burn a moderate amount of calories for about 40 minutes after the workout after which any enhanced burn rate falls off to almost nothing. Orange Theory claims the full 20 hours as though you're burning calories at something close to the rate you do while in the class. In my opinion, it's deceptive and they know it.Overall, before you sign up to their supposed "no contract", ask to meet whoever you'll be dealing with when you want to leave. If it's the Paradise Valley location, that will be Darren and you'll want to read the comments from the woman who said she got injured in their class.
5	I joined over 6 months ago and still love it.  OTF at Pecos Ranch rocks.  I highly recommend workouts with Kenpo.  Challenging and fun.  I've tried gyms, bootcamps and personal trainers.  Nothing compares to the intense workout I get at OTF.  The other peeps that work out there are super friendly and fun too~ added bonus.  I see the other comments complaining about getting out of the contracts.  I had a medical issue  and I had NO problem with being released from the contract.  I joined again just as soon as the doc released me.  Great customer service.
5	I am a 100% believer that Orange Theory will help you improve your lifestyle. I have been a member since November of 2012 and it never gets easier. After every class I am sweating. I have seen my body change for the better and am developing muscles I have never seen before. I even quit the gym and strictly go here for my workouts.My favorite trainer is Kenpo. He kicks my butt! All of the trainers are very knowledgeable and approachable. They will help you modify your workout or push you harder. I love that OTF is a community and not just a place to work out. People are positive and really cheer you on. It is not like a gym where no one even looks at you. OTF always has promotions and contests going on to challenge your fitness level. Being there is like a second home and I have never gotten that from another fitness place.  They do have different  memberships so just ask the front desk.
3	Did the free trial workout. It was great! Really loved the trainer (I think his name was Jesse), great energy, super positive, and really went out of his way to make sure I was comfortable. It was awesome. The workout itself was challenging. The cardio is on the treadmill and rowing machines. On the other side there are trx bands and free weights. 30 mins on each side.I was disappointed that I only burned 380 calories. I was expecting closer to 500 since they say you can burn around 1000. I know calorie burn is dependent upon a lot of varying factors, but I just was hoping for more.I really like the format and also the energizing music that seems to go with the workout (not sure if this is on purpose or not but I like it!)Positives aside, there are a few things that bug me. One, my hrm kept falling down. I'm really tiny and they just didn't have one that fit me properly. Maybe that's why my cal count was so low? Next, it is HIGH PRESSURE sales. In front of everyone. Omg I hate that. It's super awkward. In fact, they have called me everyday since I took my class and I think that's WAY over the top. Ok make a follow up phone call, shoot me an email, send me a post card with a coupon...but please don't call me every day!Also, for me, I would get bored quickly of doing the treadmill and rowing for cardio every time. I completely have ADD when it comes to working out. I just can't commit to doing the same thing over and over.Which leads me to their memberships. Very expensive...$60 a month for one session a week? Not worth it for me.Also, the girl who tried to sell me on a membership tried to pull the whole "it's month to month, no commitment" blah blah. Only to inquire further and find out, it's anything but. You are locked in for 60 days minimum.I would definitely consider Orange Theory if I needed to drop weight quickly for a special event or something. But I couldn't see myself being a member for the long term.
5	I have been an OTF member for more than a year. I took their free trial class at the suggestion of my friend and OTF member and was instantly hooked. Previously, I had worked out on my own. I didn't realize how much harder I could push myself until I went to my first class. I thought I was in decent shape until I looked at the heart monitor screen and saw I was in the red zone - I thought the heart monitor was broken...but it wasn't. Although I don't get personalized attention every single session, it's enough motivation for me to have someone tell me what to do in the gym. I go twice a week and supplement the workouts with my own OTF-style workouts whenever possible. The workouts are 60 minutes, with the occassional 90 minute workout on Saturday (not every Saturday). Speaking from experience, those 90 minute sessions are killer! In a good way...mostly. I'm a huge fan of all the trainers at the Pecos Ranch location. The trainers do an excellent job of giving "modified" exercises so that all levels are able to do these workouts. They are motivating and have varying styles, which makes each workout interesting. Lately, I feel they've been doing a good job of mixing up what muscle groups they focus on during the class. I have definitely noticed my muscles becoming more defined throughout my OTF experience and have progressively increased in which weights I use for certain exercises. I particularly love when the trainers tell the class that the top row of weights (the lighter weights) is broken...always makes me smile. They will not permit you to slack off.I think the cost is totally worth it. The only small change I would like to see is for the unused classes in a month be rolled over to the next. If traveling or having a busy month, it's a shame to see your classes go to waste because you couldn't make the time. I love OTF.
5	Took Kenpo's Saturday 930 am class and got such a great workout...not only was it challenging, but fun, great energy, good music, loved it!  Def recommend taking his class.  Pluses: parking is easy, staff was friendly and warm and engaging, worth every drop of sweat spent!  Thumbs Up & a High Five!
1	While the work out is decent and the intent good and the people nice...the administrative side is a nightmare.  I signed up under High pressure and attended two classes. After the second class I decided that it was not for me due to the enormous class size and the difficulty getting times I needed.  They seemed more interested in membership numbers than actually service quality of the people already signed. up. I told the girl up front after that I need to cancel as it was not for me.  She was so frazzled and told me that she would take care of it.  NOW months later afteer no contact they put my account in collections.  When I call NO ONE WILL HELP ME.  Ridiculous!!!  So for the service reason I can not Recommend this studio.  BEWARE
