5	Cute little shop with a friendly clean atmosphere. Had the ice cream with espresso shots on it, and would highly recommend it... delicious! I first read about this place on the POP city website, and it didn't disappoint!
5	We were searching for a place to get lunch in the Mexican War St. District.  This was the first (and just about only) place we saw.  We went in and ordered paninis.  I got an iced latte.  Everything hit the spot!The service and atmosphere were great.  The guy who worked there gave me some good advice about what to see and what route to walk to get the the Casino.  I would recommend this place to anyone who wanted a coffee or a casual bite while in this area.
4	Great neighborhood coffee shop with friendly staff, tasty drinks (other customers said the food was good), and free WiFi. As others mentioned, the cafe is a bit small, so don't expect to sit with a large group...By neighborhood coffee shop, I mean that they are not one of the specialty roaster, foam art places, if that is what you are looking for...Free neighborhood street parking... It's very nondescript on the street corner, I almost missed it driving by looking for it when I needed to burn an hour before a meeting.
2	Coffee was good.  Soup was yummy.  Staff has not been friendly on either visit which is why my rating of the place is low.
5	This place is cute and in the perfect location. The coffee and food is delicious and reasonably priced. Especially since the owner bakes all of the baked good herself within view of the customers. Definitely recommend it.
5	The North Side is full of hidden treasures. Buena Vista is no different. It's the only coffee shop where I in fact have attempted to try every single type of coffee cake. Normally this would hardly be a challenge but since Buena Vista specializes in homemade coffee cakes and other specialties it became much more of a hurdle due to the seemingly endless plethora of creative tastes and flavors presented through it's foods. The coffee itself is great and frankly the staff is not only pleasant to speak with but is very much involved with its community which I feel is rather refreshing. If I really dig deep and try to find what some would say are flaws with this establishment I would say frankly I wish it could be larger as to capture more customers hearts on a daily basis as well as later hours to ever so humbly meet the needs of average worker's schedule. If you find yourself in the North Side and could use a pep in your step, try out Buena Vista, you won't regret it.
4	Best way to describe this place is charming. The kids serving coffee are friendly. Cakes are delicious. There's free WiFi. Hell it was hip enough for Jake Gyllenhaal to meet Anne Hathaway for coffee in Love and other drugs! It's your genuine local neighbourhood coffee shop that hasn't been modernised and sanitised in by a large corporation and that's why it's so good!
5	Okay so you know a place is good when they can crank out some wheat key line cake and it doesn't taste like cardboard. But not only do their pastries not taste like cardboard but they are also moist and delicious ALWAYS. Yesterday I ate a banana cream cheese cake there and my teeth did a waltz inside of my mouth. Also, their coffee drinks are tops for sure. And the barista is always the smiliest friendliest gal around. It is small,  but I've never not had a place to sit.
4	It's hard to believe just how much this area of the North Side has come of age in the past few years.  I'm surprised in a way at all the little coffee houses, etc, that have come in here.  Anyway one of my subordinates, a colleague from another sub-agency,  and I had to come up this way "on official business"*.  We all decided to stop in for a little shot of the caffeine beforehand.  Buena Vista is a little gem of a coffee shop.  It's cozy and very inviting.  I only had black coffee, which was really good mind you, but one of our party had some coffee cake with his.  He said it tasted like it was freshly baked and not at all like it had been shipped in a cardboard box the night before.  Great place and worth checking out if you're in this area and you need that second shot of morning "pick me up".*Believe me, this "official business" wasn't as glamorous as it seems!
4	Walked to this joint this afternoon and was delighted by a delicious coffee and coffee cake. This is just the kind of establishment the northside needs and I am glad to have stumbled upon it. The staff is courteous and  the space is cozy and inviting. Stop by here for coffee or breakfast next chance you get!
5	Great panini's & great, cheap coffee. What more could you ask of a coffee shop?
4	I like to go get coffee at Buena Vista.  It's right down the street from my house, but their brewed coffee is SO GOOD that I will often walk here rather than make my own at home.They also have an assortment of pastries in the morning, the "Good Morning" muffins are my favorite.This place has a definite neighborhood vibe.  I've been here when someone was practicing flute, I've seen dogs with their people at the indoor tables...if that kind of thing bothers you, you might not enjoy Buena Vista, but I do.
1	One of the worst lattes I've had. I couldn't finish it. There was foam, but no microfoam, no texture. I've been to Buena Vista a handful of times whenever I'm on the Northside because I like to support neighborhood and independent coffee shops . The space is cool, the location is lovely, the pastries are excellent, but at the end of the day, a coffeeshop needs to make GOOD, if not great, coffee. This shop makes substandard coffee. It's clear that the baristas could use some training on both pulling shots (the barista didn't watch the shot to end it, it was timed) and steaming milk in order to get better microfoam. There are a lot of videos on youtube about steaming milk and latte art. There is a lot of free information out there if the baristas are motivated to learn and if the owner/manager creates a climate that encourages learning.The drinks weren't quite as bad when the shop was using Commonplace beans. Now they are using Kiva Han and something else. The combination of a lower quality product in the bean, and the lack of skills and training for the baristas means that I doubt I'll come back. I do not recommend this shop. It's worth driving/bussing/biking to another part of town if you want to a great coffee or espresso in another independent, neighborhood coffeeshop. There are plenty others that put time and energy into training their baristas and purchasing excellent product. Invest in those places.
4	Good coffee and pastries.
2	Cute neighborhood establishment. Avoid going if in a chatty group of 2+ - the lap-toppers want solace. Guess I missed the memo on accepting that a coffee shop is a place to work rather than to socialize :)
4	Cute little coffee shop set up amidst row houses in the Mexican War Streets.  Seriously, everything has to be adorable on the War Streets... It's just such a charming neighborhood!I was stoked to see that tea is only $2! Like ALL TEA ANY SIZE! That's unheard of in the age of Starbucks. I feel bad to even complain, but I wish there were a tad more tea choices, but I realize I am in a coffee shop, so there's always that to deal with:)  No worries, because my English Breakfast was just fine with me.I liked the set up with lots of tables and chairs and two huge tables that are nice for meetings or if you want to spread out. They're also right up against the windows so it's a nice spot to park it for the day and work, or spy on people... You never know!I had heard so much about the coffee cakes that I had just had to indulge, I mean, I would have done myself a disservice to not!  I purchased the raspberry coffee cake. It was moist, fresh and best of all had an ample amount of icing on top. You really can't forget the joy of icing!I need to go back because I purchased an almond cupcake with cream cheese and FORGOT IT! How could I, right!? I assume the dude behind the counter was the owner, so hopefully he'll remember me... but if he doesn't I'll probably buy another one because I need that cupcake in my life, it looked so delish! So in the words of the terminator, I'll be back!
2	I really wanted to like this place because it's a 5 minute walk from my house and I like coffee.I had a pour experience.  I felt completely out of place here and I got that look from the barista the, "You sure you're in the right place "look. :( that can really hurt a girls feeling.The barista dropped the espresso tamper on the ground and then used it to make my coffee with. Now I am not a germ-a-phobe by any stretch of the imagination but I do believe that a customer should be treated with dignity and some common courtesy, anyone, anyone???My boyfriend and I dined here together right before we left on vacation. When we got to Buena Vista Coffee there was only one other patron in the coffee shop and only one other person came into the be served while we were there for 20 minutes. I always like to dine at a near empty establishment, because I reason that if it's not too busy or crowded the server, cook, barista what have you can focus on doing a good job and not feel rushed.  Well the opposite was true for my  visit to Buena Vista Coffee even though the coffee shop was completely empty the barista treated it as if there were a line of 30 customers behind me. Nothing necessarily being impatient but completely detached in that hipster sort of way. That if you're not a hipster can be pretty bleeping annoying.This is me ranting!!! First by dropping the instrument where the espresso beans are tamped and then by serving me a breakfast sandwich that was barely luke warm with a cold piece of unmelted cheese on it.  I am beyond the point of desperation for a decent coffee house.  I am so utterly desperate to have a solid coffee establishment close to homeBuena Vista's coffee only saving grace was the cappuccino.  It didn't taste like dirty coffee shop floor lol but the foam was thick and velvety and the coffee was so so.
4	How do you review a place that is practically as comfortable as being home? Every time we (boyfriend, friend, random person) need to go grab a coffee or go sit somewhere for a while and work on a craft or hang out I'm going to probably end up going to Buena Vista.  The coffee and specialty drinks are great and the baked goods are awesome - so what if they are promoting my addiction to everything bagels they don't judge me.  I always enjoy talking to the baristas and the music is awesome when it is playing. One of the best things I think is the rotating art - always different and always interesting.
5	Love it! Seriously, I discovered this place when I started working on the North side. My boss recommended it to me because I was over McDonald's, Wendy's, and Subway. As in I was a little upset that those might be my only options.Believe it or not, I haven't had a single coffee from this place. I know! I know, that makes no damn sense, but my work place has a neat little krups so ... that. It's free coffee/espresso/lattes, so sue me.I am in love with their grilled cheese sandwiches and their vegan/vegetarian soups (the soups change by day)! Especially those soups. They are soooo tasty. And the people who work there are ridiculously friendly. In fact, I made a new friend. :DIt also seems to make a good work spot. I always see a few people meeting up or whipping out their laptops in there. It does always seem to be nice and sunny and warm.Two thumbs up (and 5 stars!) for Buena Vista!
5	The coffee is amazing, they really make coffee in the traditional way. So it takes a few minutes because they are using some machines. The desserts are very good and moist. They also serve breakfast all day. They have the soup of the day, vegan, and other cafe foods. The space is very neat, different seats and tables. There are usually people using laptops but the place isn't a library if you want to talk then talk. The employees are very nice and presentable. I feel welcome when I come in even though I have only been there a few times. All the food I have tried there was very good. I just wish I lived closer by so I could get the great food and lattes they have. Price is very reasonable.
4	This cafe is a great place to catch up on some work, or meetup with friends. The house coffee boasts of a roasted flavor that is a million times better than anything you find at starbucks. The ambiance is cozy. Relaxing to sit on a window seat on a snowy day and watch the gotham snowglobe of Pittsburgh in motion.
5	This is the closest business to my house besides the bodega that sells cigarettes and lottery tickets. It is on the walk to and from the YMCA on Monterey Street, in the decorative and diminutive demi-neighborhood of the Mexican War Streets. It is a small shop, so you might miss it, but the coffee is good there and the staff is great. It has a really nice ambiance and on a nice day you can enjoy a beverage on the bench outside or even across the street in the flower garden. I really wish more people from outside the neighborhood would make this cafe a destination to keep business brisk. In addition to cafe beverages, they also have pastries and a soup of the day.
3	While I didn't get to stay here long, I really enjoyed my time in this shop.  It reminds me of the place where they would learn your name/order after a few days of being a regular customer.  The coffee, even though it was close to closing time, tasted pretty fresh.  I can image it gets busy during the mornings as there are only a few tables, but it was quiet and relaxing when I was there.  I didn't get to try any pastries, but the very-accommodating barista told me they are baked in-house.Bonus points to the barista for not getting frustrated (or showing it at least) that two customers walked in around closing time.  He was really patient and you can tell he cares about the shop and coffee culture.
5	I absolutely love this place. For years I've been meaning to go here, and I just got the opportunity to recently when I was house sitting for a coworker in the Mexican War Streets. I walked over one morning and loved the ambience and coziness of the place. All of the people that work there are very nice, and the coffee and food (particularly the tofu panini!) are tasty. I ended up stopping over almost every other day I stayed over there. It was great to see the same people come in everyday from the neighborhood. This place really is right in the middle of the War Streets and seems to be the glue that brings some of the locals together. There is some great artwork up now too- I even bought one of the available pieces. The only complaint I would have with Buena Vista is the hours! During the week they closed at 2:30 and I believe 3:30 on the weekends, which made it tough to do an entire day binder working there while sipping a cup of coffee. I'm really glad I finally stopped in!
