4	two words: disco floors.you would think that those two words to be enough to warrant a five star rating. unfortunately, this place has had a lot of trouble attracting a crowd for its "faux show" friday nights when i've gone, ever since burn nightclub opened and started its "french kiss" night on friday. apparently phoenix has trouble supporting two indie-electro dance parties on the same night.i've had many people try to convince me different, including the DJs themselves. but over the past year, i've rarely seen any crowd that rivaled the rawkus dance parties that were there before. and even if they do break out, its not until about 1 a.m. that it happens. i don't think it makes me old to demand that we get the party started earlier.its a shame, because i've had a lot of fun at this place, despite the fact that it is just a tiny dive in a strip mall. did i mention it has disco floors?it also has really cheap strong drinks and really good djs who i've found to be even better then those who play at "french kiss". it is a great place to go after you warm up at shady's for a while and want to show your moves.however, it is just a dive with very little space, very little sitting if you wanna take a break during a dance party, very little space at the bar, tiny bathrooms, and no patio to drink at.the lack of a patio is what gets me down the most. i love going out and dancing, but i like to take a break, cool off, drink, and conversate in a more chill environment between dance sessions. here, the only option you have is standing out front in a shady strip mall, sans beverage, starring at a food city across the street. buzzkill.hopefully the indie crowd in phoenix will continue to grow to make "faux show" a larger success. but if you haven't ever been to this place, you have to check it out sometime on fridays and bask in the glow of its light-up floors.
5	I love this place, so stay away.  It's probably Phoenix's best effort at a NY or LA hipster dance den.  It's in an abandoned strip mall, and is divey, dumpy, gross, but hip, cooler than thou, and sneeringly ironic in a way that befits its clientele.  I mean nowhere else can you find a more fun crowd, lit-up Saturday Night Fever dancefloor, chewed-the-hell-up naugahyde furniture, scary bathrooms, and checkerboard tile walls straight out of a David Lynch film.Each night offers it's own DJs and theme night - everything ranging from Electrostatic, to 90s night to 70s soul and hip hop.  Faux Show Fridays are the best.  Music here is cutting edge - with a few East Coast electro musicians stopping by here to perform. The club is tiny and rough around the edges.  Drinks are served in plastic cups, but are dirt cheap and potent as hell.  I can't seem to go here without getting crazy trashed.  One time a DJ went to get me a free rum and coke and came back with 151 and coke.   Damn, alright!  People here come from all walks of life (but it skews similar to the crowd at Rogue) - the aforementioned hipsters, literatis, indies, Downtowners, Tempe folk, skanks, hos, freaks, burnouts, gays, straights, bi's, fashionistas, wannabe jogging suit fanatics, some lost truckers, and other sordid but fun characters.  People watching is almost as good as the Scottsdale clubs, but at least the crowd is more fun and dressed in edgier late-80s inspired duds.  I mean one time, I was Blotto out of my mind on the kick-ass dancefloor and spotted some chick getting with some random dude in a Lucha Libre mask. God I love this place, did I mention that?
2	I was here on a friday about 2 months ago, and I have to say I was really disappointed.  When did it start being cool to spend no more than five dollars on opening up a new club?  I have a couple bucks, should I start one?Honestly, the place was tacky...and I get that that's its thing, but come on.  There were a bunch of girls dancing on the small (way smaller than it looks in pictures) dirty disco floor, who looked like total posers with their thrift store dresses and inappropriate enthusiasm.  I came here wanting to like it, and have a new place to hang, but I'm not sure I'll go back.  The whole thing had the feel of a last minute  ill-themed frat party (seriously not unlike some of my own in college), and I'm not sure how that contributes to the Phoenix club scene.
5	friday night is the night to visit glam. Those faux show boy's really know how to throw a party. If you didnt like Glam you either were'nt there on a friday, you left too early on a friday night, or maybe you caught them on a bad night(it happens to any dj), OR, you are part of the "general market" and should stay in Scottsdale. faux show brings it. they play music there that I NEVER hear played in any of the other so-called"hipster" or "electro/rock" dance party nights. They catch on to that stuff way before the other guy's in town...and when we are lucky, they even bring the acts themselves to phoenix....guarantee'd if these guy's are bringing somebody to town, it is worth the time to check it out...even if you think its not the kind of music you are into. I have heard them play some f^ck*d up shit on friday nights...styles of music i have'nt even heard before. The other hipster nights of the week, , even the above mentioned "french kiss", pale in comparison to the element of class, style and taste that these guy's bring to the party. An above reviewer mentioned their rival night "french kiss" as having thinned out fauxShow's friday night crowd and I can tell you first hand that that simply isn't true. I bounce back and forth from both nights frequently,  and aside from "french kiss's" opening night people have consistently rocked the fauxShow party on a weekly basis. I dont know very many people who dont consider friday nights at glam the better deal. french kiss @homme is a mediocre facsimile of  fauxShow's friday night....I hear those fk dj's play a lot of the same music fs was playing months before and have since retired. I even remember  the guest dj's(the misshapes) at french kiss ditching the night to come pley at faux show instead. Sure its a small place and there are not many places to sit...this just means that you are forced to be a part of the action....and there isnt a patio but I have seen some crazy stuff go on in front of that place. Hot girls all over the place too...unless its an off night....and the hot girls that you actually want to talk to too, not just some bag of air with a nice rack; and if your a dude into dudes or a chick into chicks, its not a bad place to be either. Drinks are cheap all night long and they dont shut down until everyone on the dance floor cant take it anymore.  this sort of thing isnt for everyone...but if there is any cultured, underground, "cool" ,"it" or "hip"  thing in Phoenix to do, this is it.  This is one of those things that people will wish that had been a part of from the beginning...like wishing you had made better friends with those Jimmy Eat World brats you went to school with or something.
5	In fitting fashion for the Glam frequenter, i didn't take the time to actually read any of the other reviews.  They're probably not as good as this one anyway.  So, i'm going to skip them.  Yes.  I'm going to do that.  Maybe I'll read them later, when i wake up around 3pm, which will be an hour earlier than my usual time.Oh yeah, Glam rocks the block.  Or it used to.  I don't really know.  I've moved on.  But at one point it was my church and Faux Show DJs/Devon on the bar were my holy trinity.  But that was a long time ago, and as I've already said, it probably sucks now.  If this place was any LESS pretentious, it would be a Scottsdale Ultra-lounge, but since i forced myself into 'The Scene' one time a long time ago, it wasn't I who was looked down upon.  Fortunately.  Because God be damned i had a kickass time here.  You know, a long time ago.   But yes, their drinks are strong and prices cheap and Devon is a twink who can make a drink.  Plus they play lots of CSS, LCD Soundsystem, Datarock, Los Campesinos, and Mickey Avalon, which is nice.  Sigh.  I miss this place.  Or I don't.
2	This place is just down right no good.  I have been there several times so I do feel qualified to yelp about it.  First of all, it's in a strip mall (typical of Phoenix).  It is a very small "club", which is trying hard to be a sort of Rogue knock-off.  The deejay's seem inexperienced and I still haven't figured out why they wear head phones to plug in their ipods of mismatched music and failed beats.  The crowd is usually stumbling over each other, gathered out front to smoke fags in their skinny jeans.  It must be 18 and up, has to be...The only thing great about this place is the lit up dance floor which make your shoes feel like dancing, but as mentioned before as soon as the play-list starts the strip mall sidewalk calls you out to smoke.  It's kind of like high school when hanging out in parking lots was the cool thing to do, go if you wish! But, if you're looking for a black hair, straight bangs, skinny jeans, indie experience, skip this strip mall locale and head straight for Rogue.  (oh yeah they do have strong drinks contributing to the 2 star rating)
1	what can I say about Glam... well, i really, really despise it. Every time I go there, I regret the decision. And in my grandiose style, I'm going to say why in a list:1) Cash only!! But listen to this, the bartender will take your debit card, charge you a fee, and give you cash, which you can then use to buy drinks from the same bartender that just did the whole transaction. WHY???? 2) The location kinda blows. It's in a weird strip mall across from another strip mall. Have you ever driven by there in the day time? It's shady then, imagine at night time.3) too hipster. I feel like I am not allowed there as I work for the man, do not wear black leggings, or have razor cut bangs. I, in my mall clothing and "mainstream" style, stick out like a sore thumb.4) The music is just a little off.... ii dunno how to say what I am thinking, it's just off.Okay, the floor is fancy. That's about it.(sorry, I'm a bar snob and Glam deserves my wrath)
4	I've been going to GLAM for about a year and a half now. When I started going, it blew my mind! It was so amazing. It had that small bar feeling where you could talk to anyone, including the DJs. Make requests, make conversation, dance on the bar...These days, Friday night have fizzled majorly. The music is so mediocre now that I think people just got tired of waiting for a good song to play. Friday night music has gotten somewhat into the experimental/weird genre. No one wants to stand around and stare at the marvelous dance-floor in there and listen to experimental music, they want to hear a somewhat familiar DFA beat or something new from Beck or M.I.A.! I miss the Friday nights where I could go to GLAM and know that I'm going to have fun... now, it's really hit or miss.UPDATE: We went again on Friday and I must say I've noticed a major improvement. The music was better, but I wouldn't call the problem solved. The drinks were marvelous as usual and I was able to get a few boogies in to some good classics.Saturday nights are a different story. It's an old-school hip/hop fusion type thing. It's really great, totally saves the club from the horrific DJs that play on Friday nights now. I've only been going on Saturday nights for a few months now, but I have yet to have a bad experience.UPDATE: We went on a Saturday (because The Rogue was DEAD) and it was AMAZING! The DJ there was one of the best I've seen there. He was so eclectic and very energizing. Very into the music and quite a crowd pleaser. The only bad thing is I think GLAM's sound system is going down the tube. It kept shorting out. :(UPDATE: I'm upping my rating, it seems that GLAM is back! Woo Hoo!
4	Yes it's in a weird strip mall, yes it's a cash bar only but damn the drinks are strong and the dance floor lights up for Christ's sake! The crowd and the atmosphere is basically the antithesis of the Scottsdale scene. Soak it up.
5	Thursday nights, after 11:00, it's the place to be. IMHO.
4	RIP - CLOSED FOREVER!The cool illuminated disco floor was destroyed by a flying keg after the fire marshall showed up at 1:30 and shut it down a half hour before closing time.Yes, I have a photo. :) (Added to the gallery above)Faux Show is supposedly moving to a new location.
4	I have no idea how to rate this place.  It is the most random place I have been to in Phoenix.  It is totally hit or miss.  I have had rockin' nights here and totally lame nights here.  You just have to roll the dice.  I love that it is in a run down shopping center bordered by construction fencing.  It adds to the experience for sure.
