1	On Yelp, a 500th review is a milestone.  It's a big deal and for those of us that have written hundreds of reviews, it's a place to talk about a business that has had an impact on our lives  Fairpoint Communications is such a business.  Fairpoint took over Verizon's local phone service in this area recently and this is a review of their ability to deliver.  In a nutshell, it has been a disaster.Fairpoint took over my land line at home and billing was screwed up.  They got the new business when my office moved to Portsmouth.  One day the landlines stopped working and our customers got a message that the number was no longer in service.  When that was fixed, the lines didn't roll over properly.  The billing was never correct.  The internet connection required rebooting the DSL modem up to 15 times a day.  Calls about all of these issues rarely went well.  People were apologetic but problems remained.  Calling about the same problem twice usually resulted in two different answers.  Two different people in my office were reduced to tears.  Most people and companies I know with Fairpoint in New Hampshire and Maine are having similar troubles..My company switched carriers recently.  Fairpoint managed to delay the switchover but it ultimately happened.  Someone from the new company was in our office for a few hours and since then, everything has worked perfectly.To Fairpoint's management, I can only say that you bit off more than you could chew.  Whoever made this decision was either given bad information or they just didn't care.  I hope you are fined out of existence.To New Hampshire's Public Utility Commission, I have to say that I have no idea what you do.  I should review you separately.I don't generally give out one-star reviews.  This is my 500th review and only my 12th one-star review.  I'm not giving details because all of the billing issues aren't resolved, but I will say that if anyone is looking for a phone company in Northern New England, Fairpoint is not the company you want to go with.
1	I have lived all over the US and even globally and I can honestly say that in my opinion FairPoint is the WORST telephone company I have ever dealt with. I moved in 11/2009 and they are still holding my credit balance refund hostage. When I called to request information, the company says I need to have a court order or be an attorney to have access to my own account information!? When I pointed out that the latter applies, I was transferred to another department. Even the managers are rude, unkind and argumentative. They don't dispute that they owe me money just that they should actually pay it to me in any kind of a reasonable timeframe. When I had their actual phone and internet service, it was highly unreliable, too and the technicians were almost as "nice" as the customer service people. If you live in an area where you have a choice, exercise that choice and go with a different company!
1	If there were a "zero stars" rating, Fairmont would have MORE THAN earned it.This company leveraged itself to the eyebrows to purchase the right to use Verizon's obsolete landline infrastructure; the hedge funds that now own it have steadfastly refused to upgrade that infrastructure, with resulting extended outages for business and residential customer throughout the region.We've had our business DSL line for three years. In that time we haven't had 30 consecutive days of uninterrupted service. Their "routing issues" have been daily, and their customer support structure is dysfunctional: the only thing they seem to have mastered is the "I'm terribly sorry for you inconvenience" portion of their telephone script. Since their latest foray into union-busting here it has only become worse. We in Vermont very much hope that our public service regulators will go after this mountain of corporate grift will all guns blazing: we've had enough of southern corporate carpetbaggers making promises they are systemically incapable of delivering on.
1	My 97 year old mother who is blind moved from one room to another and the company said it would take a week to change the phone because it was a holiday.  After the week was up they said the work order was extended a month because they had so much new business.   I escalated the issue.   The said they would get back to me within 48 hours.  No response.  Some company!
