4	Scottsdale, AZ: This location is a larger "Sport" level club in the 24 Hour Chain. What that means is that in addition to a Pool and Jacuzzi, it has 2 Group X rooms for classes, has a kids babysitting room with staff, and executive lounge lockers, with towel service available. This location also has a juice bar. They also have on site sports medicine services and massages available. It is a 2 story design, with the lockers, retail, juice bar and kids room downstairs, and most of the machines and group rooms upstairs. You will also see a lot of good looking people of either sex go here.Unfortunately, there is no Basketball court here. They also have a tanning bed section upstairs, and a separate small abs room. There is also a separate, small Spin Cycle room.The weight equipment is still aged, and the space is a little cramped for all the machines and free weights. The 2 Group X rooms are great, and they offer a large selection of classes, including Turbo, Kick, and both Pilates and Yoga. The showers are separate private stalls with walls, instead of a large open area like some locations. This club has a nice assortment of amenities for virtually everyone.This is the location that I came to regularly to work out and get my routine down. I also used to come here and work out on those hot Phoenix summer days to cool off with their air conditioning and maybe a dip in the pool.
5	This is one of the best 24 Hour Fitness locations. The reason is that is used to be an overly expensive gym and then 24 bought it.It fits right with with many of the other things in Scottsdale - a lot of nice things that only a few get to enjoy. The 12/29/2007 review by wanugee N. is pretty much right on. The only things I will add about this place:1) The locker room is huge.2) The location is in one of the nicest cities in the country.3) The pool has more than 3 lanes. I've never had to wait or share a lane at this location. Easily the biggest and most roomy pool I've seen at a 24 hour fitness yet. Enough room for swimmers, aerobics, and walkers all at the same time.Sure they could update or replace some of their older equipment, but other than just to have new equipment it is not needed.
3	I am a 24 hour fitness member and I just expanded my membership to include this location. I am a huge, huge fan of the group exercise classes, especially 24SET (Laura is the best!) and Spin. They are amazing workouts, actually they are the only real way I've ever been able to work out regularly. Also, the monthly fees are very reasonable. I think the gym could work on a couple things: - This location is a little dated in its look and feel (but who really cares, the machines work nicely).- This may just be the clean freak in me, but the group x classes could use more regular cleanings. - More classes! The classes are packed and Spin always fills up. I have to go to the gym the day ahead of time, pay a dollar and sign up early, just to be able to get a spot.
3	I've been a member of 24Hour since 1990.  This is one of the better 24 Hour clubs in Arizona, but I do think the newer sport club in Mesa is nicer.First, the workout area is generally good and they have most of the machines I want to use.  I primarily use free weights, but they lack a chest supported row for free weights, and due to the volume of people at this location they could use another squat rackThey have a large number of treadmills, of the Life Fitness brand.  IMO these are much better than the Precor machines at the other locations, but they are getting a bit old.  They also have 9 or 10 stair master machines (the real ones with the moving stair treads)  Unfortunately the  newer ones are directly under the big glass roof and it can get quite warm mid-day.The pool area is great and the steam room is one of the best I've used with eucalyptus injected into the steam.  The pool is over-chlorinated, but seeing some of the people that go straight into the pool all sweaty,  I'm actually glad of that.The men's locker room is big and well air conditioned, but the showers are a disaster.  The shower room was in desperate need of an overhaul when I started going to this gym in 2004, and has only gotten worse.  All the shower heads are clogged and rusty, and most of the valves are leaky and the handles broken or at least detached.   They've also removed all the paper towel dispensers from the locker room, which is somewhat annoying.  At least it's fairly clean, although it seems to me that they used to mop the floor more frequently a few years ago.  They also advertise a juice bar, but it has been closed for some time.If they would redo the showers and update some of the equipment I would rate this gym 5 stars, but as it currently sits I can only give it a 3.
4	I find myself driving past my closest "24" just to come to this one. I have always been greeted quickly and in a friendly manner when I walk in. The locker rooms are super clean and spacious. The first floor is all pool area, locker rooms, and check-in stuff. The second floor is all the cardio, Group X rooms, weights, and machines. It makes for such a comfortable layout. Oh, another plus is that they have carpeting on the second floor which makes for a quieter gym... something that's nice every once in a while. I have recently gotten in the habit of swimming laps after my workout. Again, the whole layout of the place is comfortable and easy to  maneuver around. I very rarely have to wait for a lane so I can swim. All in all, my favorite "24" in the area.
3	An update: My initial review still holds for this gym - although I would say that that folks at the desk are very, very nice. Three things I wanted to add:- Microphones: The microphones in the classes seem like they are constantly broken.- Classes: The classes are the main reason I still go to this gym, but they are making it more and more difficult. My favorite class was just replaced in a couple instances by bodypump, which is ok, but not as good as 24SET. Also, it is packed and you have to pre-register. Because I can't get to the gym an hour early , this is another class I have to pay a dollar to pre-register for if I want to attend. Doesn't seem like a big deal, but my membership is actually about $10 additional every month because of the classes I have to pre-register for to get a spot. They need to add more classes. - They just added card-less check-in, which is an awesome convenience.
4	Overall, I like going here. I go mainly for the weight equipment, but I also use their cardio equipment and the group room to warm up/stretch or do some non-group cardio. This facility is clean; the staff is friendly; and there's a lot of equipment. Monday and Tuesday evenings around 5:30 through 7:00 might be a little busy, but I don't find it too busy that it's impossible to get a good workout in. The a/c works just fine at this facility. I thought I'd mention that as I use to go to the 24 at Camelback and 32nd St and their facility was just incredibly warm during the summer months. I might point out there may have been an occasion here and there that it felt warm, but not often.
3	I tried this facility out for a week using the 7 day pass. I've been a member of 24 HR Fitness in southern california and had high expectations as that gym was amazing. I was a bit disappointed in this facility. While it is nice in design, layout and cleanliness it lacked in other areas. Upon arriving I checked in to use my pass and the front desk didn't know much nor did they act professional. Yes they were friendly but knowledgeable, definitely not. At the end of my workout I had to seek out a membership rep who then gave me a proper tour and explained the pricing etc...For me childcare at a gym is priority because I need it for my little ones. The childcare staff here is dull and not at all personable. My son normally loves going to the childcare because he gets to play with kids but from the moment we got there he was upset. After awhile I was told he settled down. I don't think its an unsafe environment just not a fun one for the kids. However, the one thing that this gym has is great instructors. I took a cardio kickboxing class with 2 different instructors and both were amazing!! I got a great workout. I only wish there were more classes offered. Compared to other gyms they really don't offer many classes which is unfortunate as the classes are what could possibly set this gym apart. Overall, it was an alright gym that was a competitive price and nice facility with some customer service downfalls. Not the worst one I've ever been to.
3	After visiting another gym in Scottsdale (which I won't name here), I decided to edit this review.  I joined 24 Hour back in October when I was living in Colorado.  The clubs in Denver are pristine, and I had high expectations for the clubs in Scottsdale (after all, it is Scottsdale, right?).  This gym used to be owned by a completely different company (the signs on the locker room doors say "Attention Club X Members....") and 24 Hour has done little to improve the quality and selection of the equipment.  I feel like it's a gym out of the 80s, complete with neon signs guiding one into the locker rooms.  All of the equipment is crammed upstairs, and the machines are frequently broken, squeaky and uncalibrated.  They even lock up the bosu balls in a closet, in fear that someone will break their neck using one, which is understandable, but I hate asking permission to carry on my routine!  The only open space is in one of the studios, which is perpetually humid (and often 10 degrees warmer than the main part of the gym).It's usually packed around 5 pm and I often find myself waiting for a machine.  When it's raining outside the rain drips through spots in the ceiling, splashing onto the dirty carpet and on the equipment (water + electricity = potential death) . This particular location gives me the impression that the cleaning crew doesn't come by often, so I always disinfect the equipment before I use it.But, this is my gym and I do like the staff and the trainers; I like coming here.  They aren't pretentious like many of the individuals in Scottsdale; it's refreshing to go to a no-frills club.  No drama, no pressure to join any classes or have personal training.  No ex-coworkers.   I can do my thing without having the annoyance of trophy wives sizing me up.  I know I can't blame the quality and lack of equipment on the staff, and they've told me themselves they wish they could get new items in faster, but it's a matter of budget (and they have no control over that).  I'm praying 24 Hour's headquarters will read this and make the much needed improvements to this location.
1	I have for many months tried through common sence verbal comunication to resolve the issue with the outdoor Maintenance / Landscapers that will not stop using leaf blowers near the parked vehicles. The forman [Lewis , a total retard] has either decided to ignore polite requests or just does not give a sh!t that he is doing damage to the MEMBERS CARS!On a side note: These incompetents can't seem to pick up the broken glass, trash, dead birds [three have been in the parking lot for months], tree limbs that litter the lot, but they can blow dirt and crap on every vehicle in the parking lot.In closing it would be a nice change for 24 Hour Fitness to actually resolve an ISSUE, making excuses is not RESOLUTION! I won't hold my breath!
5	Thank fricken goodness for this place. I did not even know that there were 24's here. I was going to pay to go to a fancy raquet club to work out since training is starting up and I cannot miss a full week. I found this online and wandered in to check out a spin class. The people were nice, they updated my fingerprint entry (cool, no card anymore) and directed me to the spin room. The room was a bit tiny, but on a Monday am, not a big rush for the class. The teacher was great and the music was awesome (Janet, by the way, though she was a sub). The gym was well equipped and had a pool and a few other aerobic rooms. I will definitely plan to be back here as it is very near our usual residence when we come to play in AZ.
2	What a disappointing location.  I didn't like my experience here at all.  Here's why:- No towels provided to you.  The locations I visit in Vegas always provide workout towels.  They do offer some logo'd ones for sale....#fail- Old, creaky equipment.  The elliptical I was on squeaked and 2 were out of order.- Old TV's.  They are the old school square type with bad pictures.....they should have been replaced a long time ago.- Dirty floors.  The gym floor was gross near the free weight area.  I like to do some floor exercises like pushups and stuff like that in between sets.....that's how I noticed how dirty it was.- Locker room was smelly.  I didn't like the locker room at all.....it smelled musty.Overall, I didn't get a good vibe in this gym.  Looks like I'll have to pay LA Fitness a visit.Return Factor - 5%
2	This place is a dump.  I've had a membership there for 6 years (along with a Lifetime membership and another gym too - yeah, I'm a gym rat)This gym has gone downhill bigtime.  I don't think the interior has been painted or new carpeting installed since the Carter Administration. It's dirty and the equipment isn't in the best shape.  A few weeks ago the air conditioner was dripping puddles of water on the cardio floor.  Instead of repairing the unit, there were buckets and towels laying around to pick up the water. I gave it '2 stars' because the trainers and the staff really are great people (it's this gyms only saving grace)If you're looking for a better deal, just go across the street to the JCC.
3	This gym is alright. I thought from the way it looked outside it would be much bigger, but it does the job. Staff is friendly and welcoming.  I rather enjoy all the classes here- especially zumba. The instructor reminds me of a young Richard Simmons heehee. Yes, there are some touches that scream "90's" like the neon signs by the locker room, but who cares. It's a gym not a prissy spa. I'm there to sweat!
1	I've been going to gyms for quite a while and just joined a few weeks ago. If you're looking for  flat screens, functioning smoothie bar, tv's attached to cardio, don't bother with this place. It'd be so nice to have ESPN up on some flat screens near the free weights (like Gold's), but I know this will never, ever happen at this club.It's so old, the artificial plants are dying. It's so old, you can see the cubby hole previously occupied by a phone booth. It's so old, Jack LaLanne learned most of his moves here. oh well, you get the picture.Other reviews of this place are pretty accurate - awesome looking building from the street, but definitely 80's era in the inside, even down to the lettering identifying rooms, directions, etc. No 'tv's attached to cardio' here !  There's a smattering of tube-style TV's (some of which are dying a slow, painful death) in central areas - ok there are a few flat panels, but not near my cardio. update: finally replaced the dying TV. They must have gotten a 20 year old tube tv from craigslist or the dump.update to the above update: you get what you pay for. the "GPX" brand tube tv they purchased died over 2  months ago. still dead.The free-weight and weight machine areas are " fair". Still getting used to the purple colored seats on the nautilus machines. Weird. Some have handles worn out, such as the bench triceps machine, and purportedly been that way 'forever'. Men's locker room is spacious - no balls in your face as you're changing, which definitely is a plus. They've chosen to show a pic of the 'executive'  carpeted locker room you get access to if you pay an extra $30/month on their facebook page. I guess they 'forgot' to include a pic of the mostly dirty tiled main area of the locker room.Bring your own towels and flip-flops if you shower - no towel service here. Prepare yourself for ancient, corroded, barely functional shower heads with mildew all over the place. You can see someone cared enough to put clear caulk over the mildew. It definitely needs an upgrade if they want to compete with newer gyms in town, but this place is convenient. I suspect they won't 'nicen it up' until another gym nearby opens up.Maybe this is a Scottsdale thing and totally out of the Gym's control, but I've found at least 1 inconsiderate douche here every time I work out. You know the type who puts a towel on a bench to 'claim' it for 30 mins and doesn't stay on it. Luckily not everyone is like that, but I have to say this place has the highest ratio of utter D-bags to total members of any of the 8 gyms in which I've worked out.As typical with most gyms, the personal trainers think they and their trainees are the only people in the entire gym and have no idea about what gym etiquette is.(or maybe they do but don't bother)  The girl trainers look good, but there is not a single male trainer whose physique I would ever want to emulate. Some of the female and all of the male trainers walk about with a blatant air of haughtiness. You'd think if they worked there they would sometimes crack a smile, be kinda nice, and say hi to people - but no. They're too busy looking around for anyone, (oh God please anyone) who may be checking them out (guffaw) while they pretend to train someone. Most every single trainer/employee just, well they just seem like they're pissed off at someone or something. Besides the 2-3 nice girls at the front desk, no employee here smiles, or says 'hi', or acts like they really want to be there. It's perplexing to me, but it appears this attitude is from the management. (I'll stop here)I bought the 2 year membership through Costco so I'm paying about $13/mo so I'm not going to complain(oops, too late) - it's got what I need so it's all good. So this place barely satisfies my criteria for a gym - all the weights I need, decent locker room, good price thanks to Costco, and more important than anything, it's convenient, thereby minimizing any excuse I have to wimp out and miss a workout day. If Gold's were on the other side of Scottsdale Blvd I'd leave this place in a second. I'm starting to consider doing that now, though.In finally summary, it gets the job done for me and I'm there mostly for the convenient location, but it is slightly vexing that they haven't updated it. I'd recommend this place ONLY if it's the most convenient gym to you.Conclusion: After exactly a year, I've given up on this place and joined Gold's even though my membership is paid for another year (ok , lost $156) and I probably have to drive an extra 10 mins to get to Golds. I found myself getting mildly depressed not at the thought of working out, but at the thought of entering the building. Sick of the year-long broken TV's, dingy styling, mildew taking over the showers like a 'Lost in Space" episode, and overall depressing vibe in the place - you'll know when you come in.
4	I like this club, never have to wait for cardio or most machines and benches.   Front desk staff always very friendly.  Most of the patrons have decent gym etiquette although sometimes old men in the locker room can be gross. Seems like there are too many machines, many I never see anyone use, get rid of them and make more room or add a few of the highly used machines.   Not overly impressed with the trainers just by observation, seem to walk around with clipboards a lot. Restrooms kept clean and overall gym floor in good shape.  Don't expect valet parking but its a very nice gym for Scottsdale.
5	I first joined 24 hr fitness about a year ago, and I have had nothing but good experiences with the staff since the first day that I came in.  The people behind the front desk have always been very kind and attentive to my needs.  If I ever have a question or concern, it is always promptly answered or dealt with.  Some of them have even taken the time to learn my name and greet me as soon as I walk in the door! It is very impressive and makes for a very pleasant experience. :)On another note, I have been training with Trace for about 6 months now.  My goal was to lose a little bit of weight and tone up my body, and I could not be happier with the results! In 6 months I have lost 12 lbs. and I look and feel amazing! He is incredibly knowledgeable about training and nutrition, giving his clients hard workouts as well as meal plans.  Trace is the total package!**TIP: Try Trace's boot camp on Wednesday evenings at 7:30.  They will kick your butt!!
3	I'm so torn about writing this review.  In general, my experience with this gym over 1.5 years has been good.  Most of the staff is great - helpful and friendly.  I love the Body Pump class, and Geeny, Sue, and Nikki are wonderful.  And I love that people are there to work out unlike Plasticland Lifetime Fitness Scottsdale where people and their fake boobs, lips, and hair are there to be seen and lean on machines.  That said, the facility is, as others have said, badly in need of updates.  The 80s salmon and green decor is bad enough, but something there is ALWAYS broken.  A toilet, a faucet, the cardio machines, the TVs, the nasty, crud-covered shower heads, etc.  seriously it once took me 4 tries to find an elliptical that didn't rotate jerkily and would let me adjust the level. It's so frustrating.  Handle covers, book racks, drink holders have been broken off machines (see the stair masters and ellipticals) and never repaired.  And despite how much I love Body Pump, what a pain.  There's just not equipment to meet demand so it's absolute chaos trying to get in a class.  Get more bars, steps, and weights.  They added more classes recently but not enough and none on the weekends (????).  To add insult to injury, they just raised their guest fee from $10 to $15 per visit.  That would be understandable if they had recently upgraded anything, but in fact, the gym is degrading so this is just absurd!The absolute worst thing about 24 hour is the obnoxious Melaleuca executive director named Pam who talks on her phone at the top of her lungs while on the elliptical, completely oblivious to the fact that not only is she annoying everyone around her, she also shares personal information about her sales team and her customers for all to hear.  In fact, I know her full name, email address, phone number, and the names of people on her team she thinks are a**holes because she can't comprehend that the gym isn't her home office and shut her piehole for 45 stinking minutes.  I wish 24 hour would ban cell phones or Melaleuca Pam from the gym floor.Lastly, just a word of advice - don't EVER under any circumstances sit in those vinyl chairs outside the locker rooms.  You don't want to know why, but trust me, people.
5	Love the trainers! Trace is a great man baby to work out with... Boot camp and yoga are awesome! Sauna & steam room are a plus.
3	3 * i went to this gym back in apr' 12. i like this gym. nice flow on the main floor. airy entrance. it's a "sport" so there's no amenities like the "ultra" or "super".a couple of things...1...they should have a couple of spin bikes on the floor because they locked up the spin room at night.2...they should consider getting the HOIST machines. they're amazing.. the HOIST machine are at some of their other gyms in other states. they provide a unique lifting experience and are uniquely user-friendly
1	dont trust their free memberships.I called the 800 number to get a free pass for my wife while in AZ on vacation. They told me I could use it anywhere. When I got to the front desk they would not honor it..even though I produced two free passes. They would not even let my wife work out since we drove 15 min to get there. The mgr was rude, snobby, and thought she was something special. One of those that gets a tiny bit of power and thinks she is so special. Don't trust them even though I am a member they are rude at this club!!!go elsewhere!!
3	I am a member of LA Fitness and 24 Hr.Some of the negs I've read are true but most don't bother me. The gym has to patrol some things like people who text on their cells and hog a machine. I agree with another poster about these machines called "Hoist". I visited the two Honolulu 24 hr fitness gyms. VERY nice machines. Every gym should have them. Hoist has a distributor in PHX.Towel service is not provided at "sport" gyms.
4	Running a big corporate gym is tricky because gymrats are tribal and you've got to appeal to all the various tribes without making people feel uncomfortable. That's why I'm so impressed with this 24 Hour Fitness... for the bodybuilders looking to get swole there is a large free weight area; cardio fans have their choice of treadmills, ellipticals, stairmasters, and stationary bicycles; there's a dedicated room for spin class; group exercise fans can choose from Zumba, Turbo Kick, and the Les Mills BodyPump, BodyCombat, and BodyAttack; and yoginis are offered several yoga courses throughout the week. I do wish they'd kept the Run Club going, but it may be back in the fall.Other on-site features include a large pool, jacuzzi, steam room, and sauna. They even have a chiropractor on site with massage therapists and child care that my kids really like.As some have stated, this is an older facility that originally started out as The Q, but even so they have done a good job of keeping it up and making it feel modern.As someone who likes to mix things up by doing a variety of workouts, I'm happy to consider 24 Hour Fitness - Scottsdale as my primary gym.
1	If you are from out of town don't expect to be able to use the guest passes. Make sure you read the fine print. If you are looking to buy a day pass it is $20 per day! Here is a tip: the Gainey Village charges the same for a day pass and is exceptionally nice! The equipment at 24 hr fitness is outdated and kind of dirty. The gym used to be called the "Q" in the 90's and all they did was change the name on the building to 24 hr Fitness. It is crowded upstairs where ALL their fitness equipment is located (pictures are deceiving). Do yourself a favor and shop around instead to coming to this gym.
5	My go to place for working out! Zumba, Body Pump, Yoga...all classes are the best! Love Kisha and Ryan for Zumba!
5	LOVE THIS GYM! Friendly staff and a nice large free weights area. I came from Golds-and I love this place. No contracts, free classes, and there's even kids club!!!
4	The RPM and Cycle classes are awesome! Ginny and Stephanie are so much fun and keep the classes super exciting and intense! The gym could use some updated equipment but, overall a good gym.
2	Overall a good facility but the management doesn't respond to constructive complaints. For the past six months I have repeatedly pointed out that the TV audio system on about half the treadmills doesn't work. When I've brought this to the staffs attention, they explain that approval for such repairs must be approved by corporate, but the budget for such repairs isn't  available.  At least that's the story. I imagine that if enough people complained, the budget could then afford the repairs. If you don't mind watching TV without audio, then the gym is ok.  Just don't expect to get everything you think you're paying for.
3	They were nice when signing me up and did everything I asked. The reason for the two stars is that I recently signed up at the beginning of this month at the $39.99 rate. After finding out there was a promotion for cheaper I asked switch. It is my fault because I asked for up front fee there for the higher rate but I couldn't believe that after asking to switch 2 weeks in they said no. I would have to void my payment of two months and start all over again. I am just going to go to a cheaper gym now. I can't believe they would rather lose my business than amend my payment.They fixed for me. I just had to work with upper management.
1	The past few times I have been there to pick up my child from my mother from the day care the assistant manager Samantha has been very rude. I understand the policy on not letting anybody that is not signed in as a member past the front desk area. Yesterday when I went to the gym to pick my son up, I was waiting in the lobby area as usual and I asked the front desk if there was a restroom near by that I could use while waiting for my child to be picked up from the day care. The front desk lady was very sweet (I didnt catch her name) and said Yes I dont see why not let me ask. The usual blonde lady "Samantha" who apparently is the assistant manager is always rude to me when I am there but anyways she said no you cant use the bathroom here but theres a gas station across the street that you can just walk in and use it with no problem. WHO DOES THAT??!!!! I told her no thanks Ill just wait. My mother has been a member there for the past 18+ years when it was originally the "Q" by the way. After the 2nd "You can use the gas station bathroom" she told me well you can sign in but there is a process of signing in and it takes awhile. AGAIN I understand the policy I really do but my point for this review is about customer service and how she CLEARLY doesnt have any. I had regular clothes on with flip flops with no gym bag so obviously I wasnt there trying to SNEAK a work out in and I told her I was there waiting for my child like I do EVERYDAY when I pick him up after work from my mother.  I thought it was just completely rude to tell someone to go across the street to use a gas station restroom.I've never had any issues there EVER and now all of a sudden this lady is always at the front desk just sitting there being RUDE. I would never sign up for a membership with "managment" treating people that way.
3	You get what you pay for. Nothing overly exciting about this place and sometimes feels a bit dirty to me. There's only one full squat rack. I don't think I'd ever try to use the showers there. But again, you get what you pay for.
1	This gym is dirty, the equipment is terrible, and this location is a flashback to 1985.  I've been a member of 24 Hour Fitness for over 15 years and like the network of gyms that I can visit when I travel.  This particular location is one of the worst 24 Hour Fitness gyms I have ever been to.  It's very outdated, the equipment is old and gross and it should have been remodeled years ago.  In particular, dumbbells break with normal wear and tear.  I have been waiting for over a year for the gym to replace the 100 lb. dumbbells yet it's been over 12 months and they can't get new ones.  One of the 95 lb. dumbbells is also broken and it's been several months waiting for a replacement.  DO NOT JOIN THIS GYM.  There are way too many other better, cleaner and more updated options in the area that are a better investment.
1	Worst health club I have ever seen!  I paid $20 for a guest pass to use the whirlpool tub after coming in from out of town to have medical treatment on my bad back, and found:the locker room was dirty and everything I saw was outdatedthe whirlpool tub has no jetsyou provide no towels, hairdryers, etc. in the locker roomthere's not even a dryer for bathing suitsNow they keep sending me emails trying to get me to join this horrible health club.
