3	best panchan in vegas so far!  lots of variety and good flavors (daikon, kimchi, sardines, bean sprouts, broccoli, potato, um....lots!!)they're japchae, bulgogi, dolsot bibimbap, soondubu are pretty standard.  good ol' korean food.beware of poor service (that's why i only gave it 3 stars)...  just look past it for the great panchan quality!  yum!
4	Craving good Korean food, we decide to try out a newer place.  We've been driving by the Won Mi sign every time we're on Spring Mountain, so with a party of three, we figure we'd get a chance to try a few more dishes.Saturday evening, and we're the only customers.  Not exactly the best sign, but we're not dissuaded.  Workers are watching something on the TV, but get us to a table and provide some menus.With some help from the waitress, we put our order in and the banchan arrives.  About eight different kinds arrive on the table and we start digging in.  Now, this was some pretty good stuff.  They had bean sprouts, cabbage kimchee, eggplant, cucumbers, seaweed, potato, daikon, and spinach.  All of it was REALLY good and we definitely requested more of everything.* Dolsut Bibim Bap (Bibimbap in a Hot Stone Pot" ($12.99) - The Husband and friend thought it was good, but could be better.* So Bul Go Gi "Grilled Beef" ($18.99) - We all agreed this was really good, tasty and done well.  Served on onions.* Korean Spicy Tofu Soup - Not on the menu, but typical at every Korean restaurant.I'll admit, I mostly focused on the good banchan and the bulgogi, I didn't eat too much of the bibimbap or the soup.I was telling the Husband that this place would be the bomb if they served up shikye too.  (Especially since we noticed that  not many Korean restaurants in Vegas serve this simple complimentary dessert.)When the bill arrived, we asked the waitress if they had shikye.  She was surprised that we wanted it, but yes, they definitely did have it!  When she brought it out, she did say it wasn't that cold yet since they were just making it.  (We were just happy to have it!)Yes, service is a bit slow, only because the staff is either engrossed in the TV or in the back.  But it's not hard to get their attention for more ice cold bori cha when necessary.  The waitress even chatted it up with us for awhile too, which was a nice personal touch.  We'll probably be going back again.Total: $50, including tip and tax.Lunch specials from 11 am to 3 pm.
4	I went to this restaurant one time and it wasn't bad. Ordered the typical korean dishes- bibimbap, bulgogi, some spicy tofu soup. Tasted very good. Good sized portions and great service. The decor is nice is nice and cozy. I'll probably be coming back soon.
3	.... I think the slow business caught up to them.  we drove by last week and the signage has changed to something else.   are they closed??
