5	We are huge fans of Dilworth Animal Hospital!  My pup has been going there since she was about 4 months old.  Since she was a rescue they hooked us up with a special "rescue" spay rate which was incredible.  Every single employee there is so helpful and welcoming.  I seriously considered a career change because of the fact that they all seem to be enjoying themselves so much.  They really take the time to get to know your pet and are excited to see them every time you visit.  It's located in a beautiful bungalow in Dilworth so it definitely doesn't have that "clinical" feel to it.  The entire experience is extremely personable.
5	If you've experienced a lot of veterinary interactions, you will perhaps understand why I am practically giddy about Dilworth Animal Hospital. First off, from the first phone call through a follow-up visit today, everyone there has been incredibly kind to me AND my dog! Georgia (my dog) is 16 so she's been to the vet many times at this point in her life. As I repeatedly told the staff, "I wish I'd know about you years ago!" Dr. Wheelock spent a good amount of time with me and G and he was just really thorough and interested in knowing all about her. The facility is a cool historic house on East Blvd - I think Georgia didn't even know she was at the vet. She was very relaxed there, even while getting her nails clipped. It was an excellent experience, so if you've been looking for the "right" vet in Charlotte, you should definitely try this place.
5	I adore Dilworth Animal Hospital.  Both my cats come here and they'll see reptiles should my snake ever need a vet visit.  The entire staff is professional, friendly, and in love with animals.  They also all care about their customers and try and make each visit as pleasant as possible.  When my older cat, Whiskey, had a bladder infection that wasn't cleared up by a round of antibiotics we had to make a second appointment to see what the problem was.  Dr. Wheelock was wonderful, he helped us pinpoint potential causes of the bladder infection and prescribed an additional round of antibiotics and pain killers.  We only had to pay for the medicine for the followup visit, rather than a full visit charge!  Even better, after having discussed the infection, my boyfriend and I concluded that Whiskey's stress over a recent change in food (from Science Diet to Purina One Beyond) had likely triggered the infection in the first place.  Whiskey is now all better, and we didn't have to break the bank to take her on multiple vet visits in a short span of time.I highly, highly recommend Dilworth Animal Hospital to anyone in the Charlotte area who wants the best for their pets.
5	I refuse to take my pet anywhere other than Dilworth Animal Hospital.  I started my pet at Mixed Pet South End, but found them to be confusing about cost and impossible to get in touch with. During Memorial Day weekend I found myself in the terrible situation of trying to decide if I should take my pet to an emergency vet after she was vomiting non-stop. I called Dilworth without being a current patient and they rushed me at the first thing in the morning to see my pet. The staff is wonderful and treats your pet just like their own. When they had to put an IV in my poor pup it broke their heart as much as it did mine. They are 100% transparent about cost, which is so hard to find in veterinary world. Before implementing any treatment they inform you of the cost and they volunteer to provide you with low cost options as well. Upon hearing that I was unemployed, they made sure to help me by lowering the cost of my visit.  The biggest asset of this practice are their veterinarians, they are the kindest people and make themselves available to all their customers. On my first visit Dr. Matt Wheelock provided his personal contact information so that I would never have to sit at home and wonder if I should take my pet to an emergency clinic again. What a sense of relief and comfort to know that I have an expert to call if a time of need arises again.
5	I work in the pet industry and get dozens of referrals and reviews. Dr Wheelock at Dilworth Animal Hospital was one of those referrals. Dr Wheelock had helped me in the final years of my cat Cody. He was diabetic and lived to 22 years. He accommodates my alternative health preferences for care and was firm when he feels I am making a decision he does not agree with. I have never regretted meeting him on his side of that 'fence'.Dr Wheelock speaks to me and my husband like the informed animal owners we are and accommodates our very specific requirements/requests. His staff are competent and informed and friendly. Emergencies are accommodated nicely, appointment times are handled at time of appointment (no disrespectful double bookings that leave you waiting forever for vet). Dr Wheelock and his staff have treated us like friends and not just customers. Prices are affordable and fair. I am never surprised by the bill as all costs are discussed up front. Procedures priced prior to appointments, etc.
5	I had heard that DIlworth Animal Hospital was the best local vet after researching vets when i got my dog and after multiple visits over the course of a year i have not been disappointed.  These people understand that while our pets are animals, they are also members of our family and they treat them accordingly.  I can't speak to much to the prices because this is the only vet i have ever used, however I will say that for the level of service and care that they provide the prices have always seemed reasonable.
5	We have been going to Dilworth Animal Hospital since they opened and have spent a lot of time there over the years given that we have four dogs.  I could go on all day long about how wonderful Dilworth Animal Hospital is; the staff, the doctors, and the facility.  They know us when we walk in, they know how to interact with our dogs (they each have their own "quirks"), and they always follow up after each appointment to see how the recently seen dog is doing.  They have been consistent from day one which is incredible given how they have grown.Recently, one of our dogs had to have ACL surgery on both legs only three weeks apart (the second leg was unplanned).  Dr. Wheelock was amazing.  He showed so much care and concern and he even made arrangements to fit in the second surgery the day after we learned it needed to happen.One of our "kids" has Cushings Disease.  Dr. Cameron has been so attentive and caring with him over the years, never giving up on trying to stabilize his condition and keep him comfortable.Whether it's routine care and check-ups or dealing with special needs and circumstances, Dilworth Animial Hospital manages it all with sincerity, compassion and demonstrated expertise.  We will never take our pets anywhere else.
5	A very friendly vet clinic in a convenient location!
5	Dr. Wheelock and his staff are professional and extremely compassionate.My cat is elderly and skittish. They are slow and careful with her and respect my treatment boundaries.Also, if you have exotics, Dr. Wheelock is great. His compassionate and extremely knowledgeable care of my guinea pigs is what keeps me coming back with my cat.Top notch.
5	Our 2 Schnauzers are basically our children and we want them in the right hands.  We know they are well taken care of at Dilworth Animal Hospital.  Our pups have been there for close to three year now and I absolutely love them.  The location is easy access in Dilworth on East Blvd and it's in a beautiful little bungalow.  It's extremely clean and the staff is exceptional.  They know our pups just from looking at them and they take excellent care of them.  Pricing is a bit more than average I'm sure but I feel it's worth the extra little bit based on the neighborhood and the additional love provided.The ratings are trustworthy, rest assure they'll love your pets!
5	To start with, my cat is old. Like, he's 16 and he is just old. So he has to go to the vet a lot, and they are really great with him. He has to get stuck with needles and shaved on his tail and get into lots of uncomfortable positions and they do it in a way that does not make me feel like at any second I am going to burst into tears. Which I have done, but only because my cat has lots of health problems and I'm a crazy cat lady. Everyone here is really professional, and they understand that I will often be very nervous when my cat is there and do their best to make it better for both of us. They also allowed me to make payments, based on what I could pay that day, because with the amount of vet visits he needs it starts to take it's toll on my wallet. I've been to many vets before and plan on taking any future pets to them as well.
5	We drive from Concord to see Dr. Wheelock and Dr. Cameron.  We trust them with our pup Moxie.
5	So glad I switched to Dilworth Animal Hospital! I was not satisfied with my previous vet; so trusting the great world of yelp, I found myself at Dilworth Animal Hospital. First off, the woman over the phone when I first called was awesome; friendly and excited to help us out. This home turned vet office seemed to ease my anxious dog as we walked into the lobby. After about 15 minutes of first-timers paperwork we were in an exam room and meeting the owner. Dr. Wheelock is the best vet I have experienced; personable, thorough, patient, and knowledgeable. He provided us his cell phone and home phone number and encouraged us to call anytime. They give you a report card of your pet's health, listing any concerns and detailing the good & bad. They also price match 1-800-petmeds!So glad we found our dog a new vet. Best staff and vet office in Charlotte.
5	I was going to write a review for Dilworth to make sure everyone knows how great they are - but apparently they don't need it!!  everyone on Yelp has given them 5 stars and rightfully so!My cat is 12 and has had a history of medical issues.  When he was diagnosed with a very aggressive hyperthyroid, Dr. Wheelock was compassionate and honest with what to do.  I ended up getting radiation, and Dr. Wheelock was great with the follow-up.  The vets, techs and desk staff here are very thorough and knowledgeable - but they also seem to have a great network of vets and specialists to tap into if your fur-baby has some sort of mystery illness.  Don't let "Dilworth" scare you off.  I find they are VERY fair with pricing!Also, they are very very good about seeing your animal asap - same day appts and emergency appts.  Dr. Wheelock even gave me his cell # in case I ever needed to reach him.Lastly, they are not just about cats and dogs.  They will happily check out small animals, and Dr. Wheelock is espcially knowledgeable and fond of exotics/reptiles.If you have a pet in Charlotte, definitely go to Dilworth Animal Hospital - you will be happy to have such great people taking care of your fur-baby!
5	We moved to Raleigh last month and I've found myself looking for a vet again. Oh, how I miss Dilworth Animal Hospital!!Every experience I had with them was top notch. They could always see my pup quickly and are so incredibly nice and caring. Things are explained in a way that was easy to understand and watching how gentle they were with my pup assured me that she was in good hands. If you live in the Charlotte area, this is the place to take your pup, cat, snake....whatever.
5	We just moved to Charlotte and were looking for a vet to take our animals too. So far I have only taken my cat but I will def. be going back. The doctor was super nice and helpful and they took good care of my cat for her annual shots. I look forward to taking our animals here.
5	From the front desk staff to the vet techs to the doctors, every experience we've had with Dilworth Animal Hospital has been excellent.  Both my husband and I and our cat are always treated kindly and respectfully. They really understand the relationship between pets and their people.
5	This place is the best. I've been to a lot of vets, and this place is amazing. The nurses especially are fantastic, super knowledgeable, and very patient. The pricing is very fair, and they tell you the prices upfront so you're not surprised. I felt they were really good to work with me to give my dog the best care without giving him a lot of stuff he doesn't need, and that would cost a million dollars. They are all amazing!
1	Took a 2 year old female lab for a small mass removal on her foot. There were a number of problems with the surgery and the care surrounding it. The first thing we noticed is that after the surgery her foot was not wrapped at all, completely undressed. This is with a just closed incision. They also didn't give us any drugs for her. We said we had some, but we didn't end up having nearly enough and had to go to another vet for more. They offered to leave some drugs outside for us since they were closing before we could get there, but we didn't want drugs that were left outside, or to have drugs left outside at all. The combination of not a long enough course of antibiotics, plus not bandaged, led to it getting infected despite our best efforts at keeping it clean. There were also no sedatives given, which is kind of necessary for a lab just getting done with surgery. Another thing is that her nails were clipped extremely short while she was under anesthesia, without asking us at all or ever mentioning that that would be done. They were cut way past the quick, plus at the wrong angle. Her nails have bothered her ever since and still haven't grown back to a normal length. There was no follow up scheduled to take out the stitches or even view her progress. It's been over two weeks and we haven't heard from them. After only a week, her stitches all came undone without her messing with them at all or pulling them due to activity, because they weren't tied properly. Her foot is now having to heal from the bottom up and will probably always have more of a problem than she would have had. We've been taken her elsewhere for care and won't be going back.
5	Awesome place. Friendly staff. The biggest thing I noticed is that it does not smell of animal at all. Even clean places usually have a faint smell but DAS does not. We will be back.
5	after establishing a great relationship with my veterinarian's office in California one of my top concerns upon moving back to Charlotte North Carolina was finding the perfect doctor for my little guy. I couldn't be happier!!! not only do they work you in if you need a quick appointment but they follow up a few days after to make sure everything is going okay and that you were satisfied with your experience! and not to mention my little guy loved the treats that they give him upon every visit! the only thing that was different for me was that he doesn't have a primary vet that he schedules all his appointment with. I was a little hesitant at first but after meeting multiple other veterinary technicians and friendly staff at this office they can schedule him with anyone and I would be completely satisfied and trust their expertise. everyone there is extremely qualified extremely knowledgeable and extremely pleasant. II honestly could go on and on about how much I love the veterinarian's office. they're accommodating to not only my pets need but you mine as well. I recommend them to anyone looking for a vet and recommend any of their veterinarians. thank you guys for making my transition across the country a little bit easier and a little less stressful. I found them on Yelp and I've never been more grateful for this app! don't take my word for it though look at all the other 5 star reviews and go check out this animal hospital for yourself it's worth it! in addition I also think it's very important to mention they don't charge you an arm or leg! they do this because they truly care about animals and want them to be healthy and their owners to be happy and it shows in their services! thanks again you guys wouldn't trust my little guy in anyone else's hands!
5	I moved to Charlotte four months ago and went to Dilworth Animal Hospital after my Shih Tzu had been suffering from a loss of appetite and some digestive issues. The experience was exceptional as well as the care and follow-up by the staff. Everyone at Dilworth Animal Hospital is friendly, caring and very helpful. Since my first visit I have now had to return to the office for follow-up and a health certificate to travel. Every visit has been a truly positive experience and exceptional care. I without hesitation can recommend Dilworth Animal Hospital for all of your pet's healthcare needs.
5	I recently switched to Dirworth Animal Hospital from Banfield and just love it!They treat my dogs really patiently, especially to my Crazy Chihuahua. Whenever I took my puppies to there, I feel personalized and welcomed. My dogs were fairly happy after the office visit. The employees are really professional same as the Vets. I'm happy that I was able to find this hospital via Yelp, and people were right! The price is very reasonable as well! I strongly recommend this animal hospital for your pets.
5	Needed an emergency appt for rabies, and bordatella vaccines. DAH, took me in the day I called, and my not-so-friendly dog did well, considering. They didn't use a muzzle, which I appreciated. Place was great, the Vet was calm, collective, incredibly knowledgable. Will be back.
