3	This place was ok.. could have been great. It took 20 minutes for us to even put our order in, and then about an hour and 20 minutes to get our food (4 sandwiches with simple sides). The place was busy, but not slammed. There was no wait at the door to be seated. Our waitress was running around like a mad woman, so I can only assume they were short-staffed.The food was just okay. 2 of our party had the Jerk Chicken sandwiches and the other 2 had the Philly Cheese Steaks. Nice variety of sides and the menu is huge.. really too huge. Breakfast is served all day. I've heard great things about the breakfast, so perhaps I'll give this place another try for breakfast foods.We got a free dessert for our long wait, so that was nice.Nice family place with a 50's deco.
2	Best thing about this place - it was convenient to the shopping I needed to do at the Arboretum!Food is only fair - burger was pretty flavorless and dry.  Onion rings were awful - crunchy on the outside but mushy and wet (actually had onion "juice" or water run out after biting in to one) on the inside.Service was ok.  My only complaint is that the server left the check on the table before asking for dessert orders.  If it was a.) busy and b.) we appeared to be a business lunch (not likely - me and the parents) I would understand that move.  But the restaurant wasn't busy - worrysome at 12:30 pm on a Friday - and we obviously were not a business group.Thought it was overpriced too - almost $9 for a dry tasteless burger with a side of onion rings and $5 for a chocolate malt?  Would not rate it a great value.Fake 50's decor and kitsch - primary reasons for visiting here.  Need more really GOOD casual (not fast food) eateries near the Arboretum.
3	This place reminded me of the neighborhood diners of old.They serve breakfast and burgers and other diner fare.While the food was pretty good the service left a little to be desired did not have the excessive wait as other posters{thank goodness)but was disappointed with the friendliness of the server in general.If your planning on grabbing lunch have patience because they have pretty heavy lunch traffic.
2	The food is actually fairly mediocre.  But with an endless supply of buy one/get one coupons they distribute, it's one of those "why not" sort of places for a breakfast for two.
2	What's up Richie Cunningham?  Not to offend, but I think these places are kind of lame.  My parents used to take me up here when I was younger.  They put my fries in these old classic car trays and would post them up in my room.  I went here for a nostalgic feeling, but the food was shabby.  I used to love the hamburgers, but they don't have many options for vegetarian folks.  The service was good, but I just don't get down with Rockin' Robin jams.  However, kids eat for free on Thursdays, so there is a plus for families.  I felt like I was going to run into Chachi at this place.
4	I'm kind of astonished that this spot has gotten such bad reviews on here! I've had nothing but good experiences at Good Ol' Days. The food is a little pricey for diner-style stuff, and the decor is a little cheesy...but the food is good, and I've always had great service. In fact, I've had memorably great service there. I had a coupon that needed me to spend a certain amount before the server should have honored it, and when I was just shy of the amount, she kindly "overlooked" the technicality (wink wink, nudge nudge). The plates are huge, too...which compensates for the prices. It's a little more expensive than other Charlotte diners, but the food is consistently better. I've had breakfast things at Good Ol' Days, which has always been big and hearty and yummy, and I've also had their Veggie sandwich a few times. I like it that they give you a choice in sides...so if you're not in the mood to be naughty with fries, you can get fruit or something else. It's not an earth-shatteringly wonderful dining experience, but I've never had a bad moment there.
4	Good Ol' Days is a throwback to the 1950s, poodle skirts, cruisin' cars, and jukeboxes.  It's a pretty decent and clean 50s-style diner with neon, chrome, checkered floor tiles, and bright pink colors.  I've been to Good Ol' Days a few times for breakfast but I have yet to try anything from their extensive lunch or dinner menu.  The menu is like a book.  There's a lot to read just for breakfast alone, so I can't imagine having to pick something for lunch or dinner where your choices extend way beyond eggs.  I usually get their Western omelette for breakfast, which is their "most popular" according to the menu.  Sure it's popular.  It offers the most ingredients in it, and I like my omelettes loaded with "stuff."  That's why I order it.  Wash that down with some bottomless cups of coffee and I'm good to go!  I've taken out-of-town friends and family to Good Ol' Days for someplace different after I've already taken them to my favorite breakfast place (Pewter Rose) the day before.  You can't go wrong with a 50s diner; there's something for everyone.  And this one usually offers great, fast service and delicious food.  Just be prepared to have a make a tough decision with all their menu items.
