4	The Famous Fairview Apple Store.Basic and simple since I am an iPhoner....it's my tech playground! :)What I like is that you can learn about your product which is really cool to get the most out of them and learn about products that, this store has the most curtious Apple employees compared to Laval @ Carrefour Laval Shopping Centre(Snobby there to my experience) Haven't been to the downtown store yet.The Staff at Fairview has been so helpful no matter how busy never haesited to help.Now if only I hade an extra 10 grand lol, I'd be a happy Apple Camper.
4	Well trained staff, clean layout and everything Apple! One stop Apple shop! This local has better service than Carrefour Laval.
4	This place is just so much better than the one on Sainte-Catherine.The design of the place was great, very opened space. The place is very crowded (like any Apple Store), but there are a lot of polite and well-trained staffs so the service was very enjoyable. I had something up with my iMac and the "store genius" took more than 2 hours to solve my mac's issue. He was very patient and opened to conversation.I wouldn't go on about Apple's price... Of course they are overpriced, but I'm paying more for the using-experience and for the service they offer after my purchase. Some people value less the user-experience, so Apple products aren't made for everyone.
3	I fund this store has a very friendly and helpful staff! My only critique is that the service is very slow! You can go in there for one question  with an associate and you are often left waiting because they are serving 3 people at the same time. The associates at the genius bar again ver nice however they try to rush you off and the client often feel leaving confused resulting in yet another visit.
5	Love, love, love but love this Apple store. I have always received excellent service here. So much in fact that I recently came here to upgrade my phone and not to my carriers store. I was quickly served by Rebecca who was very friendly, quick and had me upgraded and out of the store within 15 minutes. Oh I have to say this was on a Saturday at 4PM! Just amazing service, everytime!
5	Bought a Fitbit for my wife that after a few weeks was not working properly. Had contacted Fitbit support who while trying to help basically told me to go see the Apple store where I bought it.I tell you, there is a reason why I gave this place 5 Stars. Walked in, spoke to a Blue shirt, explained situation and 5 minutes later walked out with a new Fitbit. Very friendly, fast and efficent service.
