1	A couple of weeks ago, I was planning a party and needed some items printed, this was on Saturday, May 15th.  I uploaded some flyers and documents to print online and picked them up at Kinkos.  I also needed some other items printed.  The girl at the counter, told me that I would have to pay $1 for each pdf that she opened for printing over 5. I understood that, I wasn't happy about it, but the way she talked to me was so vile, I felt that I had been slapped, the hate in her voice was palpable.  I was not rude nor did I speak to her in a demeaning manner.  This was possibly the worst customer service attitude I had ever been exposed to; I felt like I had be violated...her name was Meegan (sp) Meghan.   I then went to use the self-service computer to print these items myself, but due to the fact that I didn't want to speak with her again, I just left, even though I basically couldn't get the system to work.  I won't be going to that Kinko's ever again.  Meghan or Meeghan, girl you need to work in a different profession, not dealing with the public.
3	I've spent a little bit of time here over the summer getting stuff done, not only for my job hunt but just because I needed thier services in general.  They are a Fedex facility, so you can come in, make copies, do your stuff and send out packages as well.I mostly use this place for copies and faxing.  Thier prices are fair and the hours are amazing!  I came here today because I do not have a printer at home, and found out that I can bring in my laptop and print from one of thier stations.  (If I had a flash drive I could have done that too, but I dont own one and don't feel like I need to at this time) so I took my laptop with the information to be printed out.)When I got there, I was able to email my documents to the stores email (from my laptop at th work station) and they were able to print them off for me while I waited. I love this!  You can email from anywhere to thier store and they will print it for you!This place also sells a variety of home office supplies as well for all your needs. I do plan on utilizing this place on a regular basis, as I really like the variety of stuff that I can do here....definately more options then Staples or whatnot.  I mean, Staples serves a purpose, and I shop there too, but I find that for all around stuff  like faxing, printing and copying, Kinkos seems to have it down pat.The only reason I get frustrated here is the service. I mean, their competent, professional and seem to know what thier doing, but they seem to lack excitement for thier job, or personality or whatever it is...that pizzazz.   I mean, I dont need to walk into a circus show, (though it would be nice at times) but maybe an occasional smile, some kind of enthusiasm, I guess.  They just seem to lack enthusiasum for what they do.  Very serious, non laughy types here.Anyways, I will continue to return and use Fedex Kinkos, as Ive always seemed to have a decent enough experience here.
3	Fortunately, I haven't had any really bad experiences here, but neither have I had any spectacularly good ones.  I've been coming in here a lot when I'm in town and there are definitely disadvantages to asking them to help you out versus just doing your own printing at home when you can.  They aren't very cooperative or skilled at putting several items on one sheet to save on paper.  When I wanted to copy an obituary to include in a newsletter they said they couldn't do it because of copyright laws since it came from the newspaper.  It's almost more trouble than it's worth to make back to back copies.  And color copies are not cheap if you want to do a bunch plus they don't like you putting cardstock in their machines.  The employees aren't very cheerful, friendly, or all that helpful.On the good side, they have a killer paper cutter, though a bit overkill for your average papercrafter.  And they have a variety of supplies available to use, so if you're desperate for a bit of tape or a paper clip, rubber band or pencil, it's there on the work table.  They also have a few computers you can use, don't know what the fee is.I looked into getting business cards printed here once but there were no bargains that I recall.I think you have to use the card system now.  Where you used to just make all your copies, give them a total at the end, and pay up, now I think you have to purchase a card with money on it to put in the machines.
