5	Office staff is on top of it! I've personally met with Dr. Cash and I can tell you he is professional and one of the leading Dr.'s in his specialty.  Search "Dr. andrew cash medrounds" on Google and like me, you'll find scores of people who love Dr. Cash.
1	Well this had to be the WORST doctor I ever went to in my lifetime. Zero eye contact. I wish I didn't waste my time with his bad manners and just today made the cherry on top to recieve a 880.00 bill for my workman's comp case. When I called to find out what all those drugs listed in the page was for. I was told it was for a test. Each test ran up the bill at 80 per drug. All the way up to 880! Should of saw this list of drugs!  I find that ridiculous as all my life as  professional chauffuer I've had to do drug test for hire and random required yearly by PUC and never were they 880.00! Well my workman's comp ole pay the bill as I plowed into those billing ladies today. But it's just the thought. No one asked for that test. And I find that price totally way way out there for a drug test. I also found his billing girl a snotty attitude as well because she couldn't get me to cop to that 880.00. I don't like giving these types of people my business. I ran a company complaint free since operation for over 12 years and I never treated my customers like this place does. I think this doctor is not playing a full deck. He seem weird and very odd. Never explains anything. Doesn't spend more than 4 minutes in the room. Goes to his halfway and starts talking to his recorder. I wish I read his reviews first before wasting my gas and time seeing this quack. No charge for the advice Dr. Cash. But you really need to pay for a charm school on how to treat others with respect. You have no regard for people's pain and injuries. Just that mighty dollar! Like the song goes. I'll walk the line!
1	After reading the reviews and comments on the drug test, I feel obligated to add my two cents worth.  My back went out in July 2011 and I went to him to find out what was wrong.  Even before x-rays, I was asked for a urine sample (I had no idea what it was for).  I later found out that it was used to test me for drugs. I was not going to him to get prescription pain medicine.  I don't do drugs.  I didn't want drugs. So why the test?
