4	I imagine this is just one of many Lee's.  It looks like there are about 4 or 5 in Vegas.  I thought this place was pretty good.  They had a huge selection of wines from all locals.  We picked up a Malbec and a Chianti to have with our dinners.  The cashier was super helpful when we couldn't find the Malbec we wanted.This is in south Vegas, close to where I am staying, and I got to avoid going into town and prices were reasonable.
4	Whether you need a half-gallon of Absolut Pears or a sixer of Molson Canadian this is the only place to go for your party staples and obscure imports.  Lee's Discount Liquor is a local chain with roughly a half dozen stores spread out across the valley.  There must be some laws regarding an establishment like Lee's because the windows are always covered up lest you catch a glimpse at the wonders that await you inside.This particular Lee's just so happens to be right next door to my apartment complex so I've been here a couple of times.  First thing you'll see are pictures of booze thieves creating a drunkard wall of shame.  Move beyond that and you'll see an impressive layout ranging from wine to hard alcohol.  You really have to go there to behold the selection.  The majority of products sold I've never seen or heard of.  Pricing is fairly moderate.  A fifth of your typical jaeger, skyy, or other well-known and accessible brands will usually run you $15-$20.  You'll pay more for the lesser known oddities.The one thing I found lacking was accessories.  Mainly flasks.  The vast booze selection is juxtaposed with the handful of flasks that all seem to have some tacky logo emblazoned on them.  It's almost as if Lee's was turning around and selling promotional items they received for free for $20 a pop.Lee's Discount Liquor reminds me of the liquor stores in Oregon, a state which has very strict laws on when and where you can buy booze.  While Nevada's laws aren't nearly as strict, Lee's fills the demand of a one-stop shop to stock up on alcohol needs.
5	This is the only place I can find Singha Beer in vegas!!!! niceee
3	Lee's on Las Vegas Blvd is on of the best places for someone staying on the South end of the strip to buy their bulk liquer in my humble opinion.  It's located across from Stoney's and makes a short journey for those staying at the Sout Point. Remember to bring cash or debit in order to get the advertised discounts.
1	I went in with my 1 year old son and 3 year old daughter to pick up my husband's birthday gift (a special, hard to find champagne). When I approached an employee for help I was in the middle of requesting help when he interrupted me and told me that I needed to get out, that they weren't allowed in the store (my children). Very rude and abrasive! I left in tears. My husband and I spend a lot of money stocking his wine cellar. In this tough economy where we sacrifice in some areas of our lives in an effort to continue other ventures in life I am sick and tired of poor customer service, I'll take my $ elsewhere. Total Wine and Spirits is cheaper and offers better customer service. Lees will never see my husband or I again. And to the disrespectful clerk, careful who you talk to as if they were a petulant child, you may come to find you no longer have a job when you show up to work the next day. I don't see why Total Wine has no issues with children in the store as long as they are with a responsible parent, and why if your store policies are different are you unable to train your employees to still be courteous to the situation rather than arrogantly rude.
3	Lee's is a convenient stop for alcohol because you are bound to find what you are looking for. Savings vary in what you get. Some of the hard liquor is cheaper than if you were to go to the grocery store, but some of the wines and beers tend to be more. This was my go to spot to buy a few bottles of Chateau St. Michelle Riesling, but the prices have gone up and it is cheaper to just walk to the Vons near my house. Lee's do sometimes have deals going as a promotion to try something other than what you had intended to buy. Take a good look around the store, before settling on something because you might be surprised in a random buy.
3	Prices are not any better than most neighborhood grocery stores and that's really disappointing.I like the people that work here. In fact, I think that's the only reason I go back. The neighborhood reminds me of ultra-high-density New York City or Pittsburgh, there are no-line-lot (which means different homes share one or more common walls) high density gated communities with street names like "Long Island Street" and the like nearby, and those hideous project-ghetto neo-ugly high rise buildings too. And South Point is right down the street. Clearly, this is one of Mr. Lee's most convenient locations, and priced accordingly. Props to Mr. Lee on motivating his employees. Even with a store full of people (usually on Friday night after 5pm and before 7pm), these employees are rock-and-roll motivated!A little difficult to park, but not bad.
4	best place for your weekend needs!
1	Okay. A) why would you need to buy alcohol in Vegas? Go to the damn casino.B) big liquor selection, but not as good as Bevmo. C) Korean favoritism is ridiculous. I mean they sold these kids liquor without even checking ID which is sorta sketchy and seems unsafe. D) Lee has a thick-accent, and is sort of rude when you ask him to locate something for you.Overall, save your money and drink in the casino (or Bevmo). And tip the paid-to-be friendly/attractive waitresses. Better than dealing with a middle-aged Korean asshole.
4	Hi my name is Leo and I'm here cuz my friend couldn't make it.  I visit this store about once a week, I could probably be the duke by now but I don't "check in" in liquor stores, being the duke of a liquor store may not look so good on a background check. Having said that, I kind of like this store because I never had a problem finding what I'm looking for,( alcohol) except this time, I was looking for that creme de violette to make that  aviation cocktail I learned at P.J.Clarkes on saloon 101 elite event, but they had no idea what I was talking about. (They gave me that look like they were talking to a drunk.) Oh well.. Since I'm here I might as well pick up some vodka for my friends.   This store is huge! They carry a large selection of almost everything. You can find almost any kind of beer you're looking for. The selection of wines is very extensive making it easy to find that special wine for that special event at any budget. The collection of tequilas is also very impressive! But best of all! prices are very reasonable and they also have sales daily. When I was there they had some gin, vodka and wine tasting going on and  I tried them all,.... twice! which Made my friends  ( me, myself, and I ) very happy. Clientele at this store is like the clientele at any other liquor store, you'll run into the good the bad and the ugly, this is one of the few places you'll find a cop a priest a hooker and a MADD in the same line. Make sure you look at the wall of pictures of people that went for the ultimate discount, (five fingers) you might know someone there and that's where the party is at!  I'll be back for refills.  Salud Mr. Lee!
4	I've probably stopped at this liquor store every time I've been in Vegas, since finding the place, and I go monthly. This place has alot to offer, so you could be a selective drinker and still find your poison being sold here.
3	We don't go to this store very often. We've used it before going to visit some friends on the other side of  town, pick up a six pack or bottle of wine.This time we were having a mini staycation at the Southpoint and decided to pick up a six pack for the room before checking in. Lee's liquor has good prices when the item is on sale. This store is a bit small, and needs a bit sprucing up. But we are usually in and out and really could care less. The staff is okay, sometimes looking like they like to sample the product. We prefer Total Wine and More but it would of been a drive out of the way for us.
3	This location is not nearly as good as the location in Mesquite. But it is defintly better then shopping for booze in Utah.
3	Alright lets start with honesty. Why am im reviewing a liquor store? Because I love liquor and this massive stores are like paridse . A place where I can pretty much get everything I want or need (except kilkenny) at a good price.When I walk in I expect good prices . I am not expecting good service at all. I mean ..come on ..its a liquor store, not Joel Robuchon. But this guys are bad. They are miserable and they show it to you and they want you to be miserable too. Just like that dave chappelle POPCOPY sketch on his show. Its bads.Yes they have to deal with drunks for their whole shift and that aint fun if you are sober nor can punch them in the face however come on guys .At least look alive.Variety is great you simply cant complain when you have most mainstream and some underground stuff under the same roof. Specially now that my prayers have been heard and they are selling Peruvian beer.Prices are pretty good as well. Their reward card is a joke. Unless you are planning on using them as ninja stars don't even bother because you need like a ridiculous amount of points to get a for example silly little hat. If you pay with cash (or debit) you get a better deal , sometimes a good 3 or 5 bucks off the regular price. And every week they have certain things on a deal or offer.I see Lee's as the walmart for the party people .You hate the "warehouse" feel of the place, the people that work there and their service standards suck but you still go and buy there because of the prices and the fact that you only have to go to one place to make everyone happy specially when buying only takes 5 minutes and then itstime to party!
4	When I lived in Virginia, Total Wine/Total Beverage was my jam. I was always there hunting down new wine finds. When they finally opened a Las Vegas location, this Lee's store is the reason I didn't care.I've made so many great wine finds at Lee's, and the staff has always been super helpful when it comes to finding what I'm looking for - I can be picky when it comes to wine. In fact, I like the staff at this store so much that this is where I shop even though another Lee's location has opened up closer to my house.It's not the most gigantic selection in the world (compared to warehouse spaces like TOTAL ALL YOUR WINE ARE BELONG TO US) but I've never come away empty-handed.
3	Went here looking for something specific and they didn't have it. But on a good note, found something better :) The pricing is good, and the cashier was friendly.
3	This place is the Vegas local BevMo a good stop before you hit the strip. It was WEEELLLL stocked and had some decent prices. The big bottles of Barefoot are $8 and they had good vodka prices. The wine aisles are tight so don't bring the kids or your booze bill will be insane. When me and my cousin were perusing the booze selection, we were looking for a specific wine and there was no one to ask. There were two people working there( that we could see) and they were talking up at the register messing around. The parking lot is kind of sketchy the three times we went there while I was visiting people came up to us and tried to sell us random stuff from their cars.
3	This store has the personality of a shoe, but ultimately gets the job done. With boxes upon boxes of liquors, you're sure to find what you're looking for (and at a decent price). The individual craft brew section is actually decent and I picked up an apricot Sam'l Smith for a few bucks. That 'ish is delish and tastes like fruit leather. Perfect for a 100+ degree day. There were some other famous brews there that I would love to pick up one day but only if I'm in the area. This Lee's isn't taking me out of my way, maybe bc, the cashier didn't say a word through the entire check out process, which is straight awkward.
5	This Store Is great. "Gary" Is always nice when I come in and Is helpful and Knowledgeable, Especially when I want to try Something New. Its Very Upbeat and The people are super nice. I never have a problem here. Its not The ritz and I wouldnt want to shop there anyways. I like the laid back style they are doing. You shouldn't be anxious or Buggin when you go to Lee's and they make it fun to Shop for liquor. Thx Guys And See ya Soon =D
1	Great prices...bad customer service.
1	Just went there to grab a few bottles. Asked the old man at the register what he prefers he automatically answers " I don't drink cheap shit " well there goes your company's money. I know your time is almost up but don't take it on customers who were gonna spend over a few hundreds, may your day come soon old fuck.
1	Went here because I heard they had low prices.  Maybe if you just shop their specials but guess I'll continue buying my liquor from Costco.  Employee working the register didn't seem to want to be bothered when I couldn't find what I was looking for.  First and last time going there.
5	When you're in Vegas, and you're looking for cheap liquor (relative to on-strip liquor offerings), then you can't go wrong with Lee's Discount. I used to live in Las Vegas back around 2003, and it was then when a friend told me about Lee's, and ever since, I've forever been loyal to Lee's Discount when I'm in Vegas.I'm in Vegas pretty often with friends and sometimes with family. Like clockwork, everytime we pull into Vegas off the I-15 coming from LA, I always make sure to make the "Lee's pit-stop" before heading further north up the strip to our hotel. The prices on the liquor is what keeps me coming back. Usually I'll pick up 2 1.75L Bottles of Hennessy and 2 2.75L Bottles of Bacardi Gold. Anywhere else in/around Vegas, the bottles cost at least $10 more (Hennessy). So me it's a no-brainer.Check out is efficient always, never had customer issue problems. It's a liquor store, not a diamond jewelry store, so I don't really care about the demeanor of whomever is working the register, as long as they don't over charge me LOL.
4	Plenty of options to choose from.... beer, wine, alcohol, and all kinds of mixers! The staff has always been friendly and helpful to me!
4	So many great things to say about this place. The location is great because it's close to the crib. The store has a wide selection of beer, wine, and liqueur. I wish they had sold shot glasses or cups atleast. I purchased a shaker there too which did the job. The prices here are cheaper than the other liquor stores in Vegas. Downside is that they close at midnight. Friendly staff and always in a good mood. This place is solid.
1	I have no idea how these people stay in business! Cluttered, rude employees and much higher prices compared to other warehouse stores in Vegas. My last visit was a horror story! Im guessing they depend on out of town customers that don't know any better. For me, never again!!
