4	This is easily the best Pizza in Oakland. Almost the perfect slice, save for some very minor issues with the cheese/sauce ratio, and mozzarella without even a little saltiness. All of this can be remedied with the shakers of salt, pepper, garlic, red pepper, (good and salty) parmesan, and oregano. The slices are huge.The only other place in Pittsburgh that comes this close to the platonically ideal slice is Italian Village in Squirrel Hill. IVP doesn't serve beer though, and definitely doesn't offer a make your own six pack with actual quality beers.
4	Pizza Sola serves up one of the closest equivalents that I've found in Pittsburgh to the iconic New York-style slice.  The crust is the perfect mix of crisp yet chewy, and the right thickness.  I'd like a just a little more sauce and a slightly saltier mozzarella for a perfect plain slice--but I'd rather have Pizza Sola's version than the slices at some other places that have too much sauce and/or too salty cheese.Slices here range from $2.75 for a plain slice to about $4.50 for some of the fancier cuts.  You get your money's worth though.  The cuts are so large that a slice doesn't fit on a single paper plate--I received my huge slice laid across two overlapping plates.Pizza Sola also advertises a $7 special for a 14-inch pizza after 8 pm with a student ID.  They also have wings and salads, but I know I'll always be coming here for the pizza.
4	This newly opened place near Pitt makes a third link to Pizza Sola's chainlet. It offers a comfortable, relaxed space with a friendly vibe -- the ceiling is a little low for the dough tossing though. A variety of pizzas are on display on the counter.  You buy by the slices and they will quickly re-bake your order. Their slices are very large (approx. two "normal" slices), but each slice costs ~$4 on average. I would have preferred smaller pieces at a lower price so that I can sample multiple flavors when I'm hungry or eat less when I'm not.Pizza Sola makes NY-style pizzas; people who don't like doughy crusts will probably appreciate the thin crust. I like my crust more crispy so that it would hold its shape better, so I find Sola's a bit too floppy.  I like their sauce and cheese, and the topping proportion is reasonable. I find the vegetarian ones a bit on the bland side (they do offer a bunch of condiments like pepper flakes and garlic powder so you can doctor it up to your taste), but the meat pizza is satisfying.  Good soda selection -- black cherry, orange cream, root beer, etc.Overall, 3.5 stars for the entire venture, but an extra half star for opening in Oakland.
2	When you spend a moment considering if Pennsylvania-Turnpike Sbarro's pizza is either the same or just better than the slice you are currently eating, you have hit a new low.Perhaps it was this location, but this was one of the most lousy slices I have ever eaten. The pizza wasn't heated up totally even though it had looked like it had been hanging around behind that sneeze-glass for awhile. The behind-the-counter service seemed to have no energy to care. And again--why is the tomato sauce sweetened in pizza in this region? I grew up with great pizza in the New York/New Jersey area and with family that made great pizza--this is nothing like New York style pizza. With a dish so simple--tomato, cheese, and dough--they have contorted the ingredients to the extent that they all taste processed and the pizza product has no life to it. Don't bother stopping if you are serious about pizza.
2	Don't know what all the fuss is about. I've had a lot better pizza in Oakland...Little Nippers, Scuili's, even the $5 cheese pizza from Atoon's is better in taste and price.
3	Oakland has some good restaurants/places to eat, but I never knew about Pizza Sola until we went there after the semi-formal last Friday.  I watched them eat that night (lol a dieting monster cannot eat at night, sadly), but the Sheep and I went to eat it the next day.  It was last meal of him being a sheep.Anyway, I think the allure of this place is that its NY-style pizza.  I've heard that NY pizza is really really good, and we did try it once during my freshman year Thanksgiving break, but I was so starved by then I probably would have thought OE was amazing food.  In general, I'm not a big fan of pizza (mostly because its crazy fattening) but we went anyway.I wanted mushroom pizza (because I saw Julie order it the night before) but they didn't have any, so they gave me a cheese pizza with mushrooms added.  The Sheep ordered pepperoni, of course.So large that it doesn't fit on one plate!The pizzas were so big that they were bigger than my face.  I swear to god they were.  I guess I liked it.  Actually, I'm not sure what the difference between good pizza and bad pizza.  I would have preferred the cheese to be meltier, but the crust as thin and light, not chewy as a rubber band.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't amazing.  I probably wouldn't go again, but that's just me not liking pizza.
4	If you like thin, New York style pizza, this is the place to go! The slices are huge! The dining area was clean, and the people working there were friendly and helpful. It was probably one of the best slices of pizza I've gotten in Pittsburgh. Believe me, I've eaten a lot of pizza...
2	The pizza is overpriced, as is everything else. Also, the food isn't good. The salads weren't fresh and the pizza lacks taste. Fortunately for you, Sorento's is nearby as are several other better pizza places. Service and atmosphere however, are excellent.
4	Keep 'em coming boys.  Love this pizza thin crispy crust and the toppings are fresh. Best pizza I have had in the city by far.
3	This is the only place in Oakland where I purchase pizza as it's the only pizzeria that doesn't have a soft crust or use ten times more american cheese than mozzarella cheese.Pizza Sola sells by the slice which is a nice option rather than having to buy by the pie as you have to in most of the other Oakland pizza joints. It's also cool to receive a large, prowess slice rather than the typically small slices usually found on campus. Unfortunately, Pizza Sola is not as busy as the other joints, so the slices have usually been sitting around for a while so that they are not as fresh.
4	Had a very nice first visit the other night to this location. It is a nice, cool location that is very clean and well lit with a bunch of TVs showing sports. The guys behind the counter were fast, courteous and friendly, and had a good knowledge of their beer selection. They have a good assortment, including cider. The pizza slices are enormous and they have a nice selection of toppings and styles. There was plenty of room to sit and the environment was casual and it was easy to relax.The main drawback is price. I had a cider and a slice, and it ran me 8 bucks. While that is pretty good for the pizza size, I felt a little shocked at the total price. Nonetheless, I'll probably try to make stops here instead of Hemingway's or Peter's in the rotation.
4	Alright I've been here plenty and for some reason the thought of writing a review kept escaping me.Let's start off with the fact that I can never tell when it's open. The amount of light that this place gets is equal the amount that batman gets in his cave. I get the bar atmosphere they're trying to go for, but also try and understand the concept of natural light. Besides the atmosphere being very college-y and bar-esque I love the pizza here!  It satisfies the gluttonous alter-ego that I have. The slice has to be served on two plates because, that's right, one plate is just not enough. Folks, this epic slice of pizza is bigger than the size of any human being's face including Nicolas Cage's. They have an assortment of pizza toppings to choose from as well.  Everything ranging from the classic cheese to mediterranean toppings and one of my favorites, hawaiian toppings.  I know that they make the pizzas beforehand and just warm up the slices to serve but I don't care. If it tastes good, I like it.
5	Yuuuuum! Pizza Sola is the place to go for some of the best pizza. The prices are a little higher than a few other local pizza joints, but their slices are bigger and the ingredients are far, far superior. It's worth it! If you're in a rush and want one of the pre-cooked slices, go for it! If you have the time and want something a little more personal, order your own pizza or pizza slice - they'll make it! Sola makes some of the best and most varied customized pizzas and options, no joke.A friend had the wings here the last time we ate lunch out and mentioned that they were very greasy - moreso than he expected - but he definitely enjoyed them. He couldn't even FINISH all of them, they were so big and there were so many. He definitely got his money's worth. I, however, will continue to stick to my enormous pizza slices - they never disappoint.Oh, and I love the set-up in here, too: nice balance of brick walls with old black and white photos and news clippings. Something about the place just always struck me as "cool." Maybe it's because I came here when I was a student and I'm the target demographic?Man, this review has made me realize I need to go back here and get me some pizza now...
5	Let's get straight to the point: LITERALLY THE BEST WHITE PIZZA I'VE EVER TASTED! Roommate and I devoured a whole entire large 18" pizza in one sitting. I love white pizza, and I was deep in love after the first bite. We got the Hawaiian white pizza--thin crust with herbs and garlic, topped with mozzarella cheese, ham and pineapple. The crispiness, the cheesiness, the garlicky taste...so perfect in every bite. I would definitely recommend this place if you also like white pizza. Don't even bother buying by the slice, treat yourself to a WHOLE ENTIRE PIZZA!Also an additional plus: white pizza was not greasy at all so I felt super healthy after eating it.
4	No wait staff, go to counter and order...$5 Yuengling pitchers hell yea and great pies
