2	I used to visit this location at least once a week, but they've gotten very bad when it comes to offering a variety of donuts.  The service has always been friendly and prompt and the location is very neat and clean and also offers free wi-fi.  However, being a donut lover I have to complain about the fact that many of my favorite types of donuts are never available when I visit this location.  I realize that most of their sales occur early in the am, but what's the point in staying open until 9pm, if you only have 7 out of the 20 types of donuts that you offer available after 10am.On another positive note, their coffee and ice cream is really good.
1	Came here because its the best coffee around.  Got to the drive thru, lady asked me "what you want"?  I said large coffee, she said, "what else", then mumbled something.  Didn't give me a total.  I drove up, she looked at me quite rudely and asked for money, still with no total.  Not a pleasant experience.
2	I live less than a mile from this location. They mess up my order 2 out of every 3 times I go. By the time I notice, its too much of a pain to turn around and make myself late for work. Also, if you go too late in the morning, they are out of alot of bagels.
1	Worse location. Sad to say I have frequented dunkin donuts since college so over 10 years and have been to dunkin at airports and around the country this is the first location to ever charge extra for extra flavor shots. Owners seem money hungry and seem to skimp on shots of flavor to begin with.... And now they charge extra ....big no no. I live less than a mile from this location and I skip it....damn what a shame (in my chef ramsey voice)
1	This is one of the most horrendous establishments in Charlotte, NC! The staff is very unprofessional. They also smoke outside, at the front door where customers walk in, and I am not talking about one or two at a time,  but all at one time! The prices are ridiculous! They charge like they are Starbucks for coffee beverages. Please... This establishment disgusts me! They haven't kept the same staff longer than a couple of months. Which to me means that there is poor management. If you have the option to go to another DD's run there!  Stay away from this place!
