1	Working at a fast food place is not a dream job, but it's not that complicated either. You are there to do your job correctly and get paid, the end. This is something that the employees there need to take note of. My boyfriend and I were super hungry our way home from the Fashion Show and Chinatown. Alas, there's a KFC! We ordered, got our food and left, only to find that his meal's side dishes were missing back at home. He was really ticked since the side dishes were what he was most looking forward to, and the KFC was really far and out of the way to have to drive back to get the order corrected.My meal was fine, but I wouldn't risk going back there. The employee handling our food was too busy talking to an off duty employee to make sure she had everything right. It was a very typical food order for them and they managed to mess that up? Not coming back to this location.
4	FAST FAST FAST. I mean before we could even get our drinks from the machine they were handing us our food. I was like, wow! They were polite and got the order correct. They were pretty busy also, people in and out quickly. The table was clean, but the chair wasn't. Had some food stuck on it, but it was all dried up, so I got nothing on me lol.
1	Decided to try a different KFC. This one too was out of chicken at 6:45 pm. It was a 12 minute wait for grilled chicken and 7 minute wait on the corn. The squirrelly looking manager doesn't know how to run a business. He rudely came up to the cashier and told him to stop taking orders. He walked past him and said something smart to him again. Will not be coming back here. Learn how to run a business and fire the night time manager. How dare he talk like that to employees. I finally got my food 17 minutes later. They gave me coleslaw instead of the wedges i asked for which took another 5 minutes.
1	Horrible place. Wouldn't come back. Didn't even order food since the lady didn't feel like taking our order. We were waiting to order our food for 25 minutes....so boyfriend and I left.
1	Stopped with my daughter for the first time in over a year. I will not return.  There were no correct orders coming out. The food was tasteless and no one had a clue.
3	I like KFC but I don't like this location. It is close to my work so that's why I went there for lunch today. I ordered the dip em combo it comes with 3 chicken strips, a biscuit, side and drink for $5. Not too shabby. I also added an extra side of mac and cheese. The slaw was a bit too watery for my liking but everything else was ok. They could improve on the customer service. A smile goes a long way just sayin.
