5	Wow, what a mad house!! Wow, what a candy store for make -up , skin care junkies! We went there the day after its official grand opening,and it was packed with at least half the female population of Montreal! So, so many brands & products to choose that it makes one's head spin! Kat Von D. , Urban Decay, the COMPLETE Make Up Forever line & on & on it goes. Free makeovers, if you can actually get a turn, great tester bars for ALL their products, there is even a hair care section as well as styling tools. The nail bar is dizzying...lots of the classic lines & colours as well as the wild & crazy. For those who seek natural cruelty-free, by all means try the Greek line, Korres. Unlike the pharmacies, that only carry the skincare products, here you'll find the complete make-up line as well. The lipsticks are smooth& feel very soothing on the lips and the colours are gorgeous. On checking out, ask or pick -up at the counter, a fidelity card.... like a points card; each time you purchase, you accumulate points towards your "account". On the first 2 days they placed one's purchase in their signature cotton totes, don't know if this is still the case, also prizes were handed out to those who hit the "jackpot" at random cashes. My fave bon bon store.
4	Are you a girl? Do you love make-up?If you answered yes to these questions, then you will most definitely love Sephora. SOOO many different brands, and different kinds of make-up, and most importantly, a wide range of prices. Love love love this place.Why the 4 star review? Well....a word of warning: do NOT under ANY circumstance pay to get your make-up done here "professionally". I "paid" (ie. bought $50 worth of stuff) for a make-up session, and it was the worst thing ever. The girl had clearly never heard of blending eye make-up, and I left looking blotchy and gross for my engagement party. Big mistake on my part. I thought that they would be professionals  but clearly I was wrong! Can't remember the name of the make-up "artist", but I think she was Latin..She also had SO much attitude....gah. I get mad just thinking about the experience.Nonetheless, go to Sephora for their products. Nothing more or you might be disappointed. Or at least, go, and give yourself enough time before your event to change your make-up if you hate it!Happy shopping!
5	You probably will wonder if you died and just woke up in heaven. Seriously Sephora is probably one of the most awesome places where I can easily spend a good hour and never walk away without spulrging a min 50 bill. Its just that awesome. Their online website is pretty good too from which I've been shopping for years now. But the store is just cooler where you can not only try the stuff on and see how it goes but also get help from the staff. The place itself: Is kept in great shape, clean, luminous and nicely managed where you can find the stations very easily. All the brands are nicely labelled starting from the specials on the floor in the beginning when you walk in the store. Testers are out front and they have nice and neat chairs and mirrors everywhere where you can comfortably sit and doll up. They also have a quick line of stuff to pick from on your way to the check out line.The staff: Is very very helpful. The floor is always well staffed and they always intercom people right away if your questions werent answered. I had a quick laugh with the manager and the assistant one day which was funny showing they are pretty less uptight. The makeup: Is amazing! All the popular lines are here and you can bring your friends in and just do nails on each other and check out the latest stuff. A pretty way to finish windowing on the weekends :]
3	Warning to all the ladies out there who are like me and aren't makeup experts....make sure you do your research and KNOW what you are getting prior to visiting this place. Twice I have gone, and my friend and I have each ended up returning an item.  We went to Sephora not knowing what we wanted really, and just simply browsed...BAD idea. The salesgirls will push and point you to the most expensive items...and sometimes items you don't even need. (hence why my friend and I returned our purchases) But on the good side, Sephora offers a wide selection of makeup brands like Benefit, Bare Minerals...etc. There's a lot of products and they probably have what you are looking for.  It truly is like a candy store for makeup. I just really recommend knowing what you will buy, otherwise prepare to spend spend spend.
4	I'm not big on make up but I absolutely love beauty products. Creams, lotions, body washes, perfumes, skin treatments etc - this place is divine.I'm so so happy that a Sephora opened up downtown, it beats going to the departement store where everything is behind the counter. Sephora lets you touch and sample at ease. They do have sales associates available to help you, but I find them less pesky than girls at The Bay for instance.When they first opened up,  I was gifted a lovely 100$ gift card so I kept going back every now and then, being wise about what to spend it on but was disappointed to see few Sephora brand products. I really like their in-house brand as it's pretty much the only choice for stuff like body washes and bubble bath. Months later, they finally expanded their range but I find the store itself isn't big enough or there isn't enough shelving to display a big assortment for their bath and body products.I've visited other Sephoras in Europe and Asia and remember they had quite the selection, not just the high end stuff.One thing I really love about this place is that some of their staff is equipped with Iphones that have a debit/credit card terminal so I can pay on the spot without having to go to an actual cash register.
5	THE NUMBER LISTED IS NOT FOR SEPHORA (cosmetics) ITS FOR A JEWELRY STORE. I hope someone reads this and changes it.Sephora is amazing. The employees are always really helpful and knowledgeable about their products. They're very patient and don't mind taking the time to help you apply whatever products you're curious about. It might be hard to actually get an employee because they're always so busy though! I also love the Makeup forever section. Did you know that if you buy more than 45$ at Makeup forever, you can book a Makeup forever makeup artist for an hour and they can teach you whatever tricks you want? I've been buying from this brand forever and never realized we could do this until I talked to one of their Makeup forever specialists.
3	i'm a man and sephora doesn't cater to me and that's ok. i know nothing about makeup so i won't say anything about it but i do enjoy spending time in the fragrance section and get many nosegasms.they carry pretty much the same houses as every other department stores and all price similarly. you do get to try them without being bothered which is a really good thing.they do have some niche like the tom ford private blend but they tend to be mostly out of stock and no tester anywhere to be seen. i do enjoy the regular tom ford like black orchid but the private blend is where the fun is.their online selection is way better than the store selection thoughcan't really recommend it to the guys but it's worth a visit to get an idea of what women like ;)
1	Possible to leave zero stars?I did not receive good customer service at this location.  Could either be because since it is downtown, the floor reps are young and could not handle stress (busy hours/many clients)....when an employee finally acknowledged me, I described a foundation that I previously purchased from another Sephora location and she was very quick to snap and behave in a way to make me feel like I was an inconvenience to her and that I have a problem. Yes, she showed me and made me walk all over the store to see each foundation ... but she was clearly not listening.  Example: When I described the Make Up For Ever Mat Velvet bottle that is plastic and about 30ml, she kept pushing me to glass bottles and are high-end brand names. And then, abruptly, she asked me if I was Filipino and then she left it as that with no follow-up when I responded. I have no interest to step foot in this location again....By the way, I went to the Sephora at Fairview and the employee that approached me there knew EXACTLY what foundation I was talking about and I purchased it from her.(I understand that not all Sephoras may carry the same products etc., but, the Make Up Forever line is a common product?)
5	This is a great Sephora location! It was very quiet whenI visited and I knew exactly what I wanted to buy when I went in. It was not a big deal that no one asked if they could help me. I did receive many a polite " Bonjour " from the sales associates and that was very nice. The last who checked me out was a doll and was efficient in cashing me out. All the displays are VERY well stocked and clean. All testers are useable and not crushed or melted like at other Sephora's I've visited. Thumbs Up!
4	I mean, look, I ADORE Sephora. But they are not all the same...Sephora in general:- If you like make-up and other fine beauty products OBVIOUSLY this is a win for you.- They have made SIGNIFICANT cuts to their fragrances, and I would say they don't really specialize now so much as carry a number of fairly popular items. If you are a hardcore perfumista, this isn't your place, but if you want to stop in and see what the deal with Balenciaga's latest florals, you can do that.- I think it's super cool that they train their staff to put make-up on your face. They clearly like their salespeople to be informed. However, in general, I've found that there is a Sephora "look". I barely wear anything on my face, but I somehow always walk out of there totally airbrushed.Having said that...Sephora on Sainte-Catherine:- Really friendly and attentive salespeople who are totally bilingual. I have always been helped here, though sometimes you have to ask, and then sometimes they bombard you.- Very generous with the samples. You will easily get a week's worth (or two!) of something so you can really give it a try and see if you want to come back for more.- Super conveniently located.- I have not found this location to be very good at carrying things I want to buy... Make sure to check online or call if there's something you're interested in.- The place is DARK. So depending on your needs, you may be better served at the La Baie, right down the street, because their make-up department has actual light fixtures.
