2	Meh, I've experienced better is an understatement.Friday's is like the "fine dining chain" for every yinzer in Pittsburgh...1.  When we were seated, it was quick which was a surprise.  Somehow this restaurant gets packed and I never understand why.  I was happy about that.2.  I ordered one of their "skinny margaritas", blackberry to be exact.  It was a nice size, however, at $6.00/pop, that was half of my food bill.3.  The waitress started off attentive, but after our food came out she was gone.  I ordered a turkey burger with pickle and mustard.  Loaded mashed potato on the side because I wanted heartburn ha!4.  Food came.  My burger had lettuce on it only.  Waitress was supposed to go and get our next round of drinks.  I had to wait to ask for my pickle.5.  The loaded potatoes were more like rubber than potatoes and not what I was expecting.  Disappointment.6.  The waitress then went into oblivion and only returned with our check.  Never again will I eat at Friday's.  I will, however, go should a happy hour arise...
4	Haven't been to TGIFridays for years and was never really a huge fan. I get tired of going to the same places all the time for lunch so we decided to try it out. I must say that I was very impressed with how extensive the menu was and all of the delicious options. I had the two for $10 lunch special with French onion soup and terriakyi glazed chicken strips. I was told that the broccoli soup is very thick so I opted for the French onion. It was okay but I think that I would get a salad instead of the soup next time. The chicken strips were wonderful and I am still craving them. The portion was huge and there were leftovers. My co-workers ordered the Jack Daniels Sampler and burgers and were jealous at the portion and choices from the pick two. The service was good and we had no issues. I will definitely be back.
2	This place.. Is ok if ur grabn something quick .. But they do have a great happy hour tho
1	Boo!  What happened to this location?  It used to be happy and fun!  It just feels depressing and nearly everyone there is just doing the bare minimum to get by?  So sad.
3	If I were to describe this place in one sentence I would call it a mediocre, and cheaper version of Bettis 36 on the North Shore.My wife and I won a gift card in a raffle.  We went for lunch on a Saturday. It was not crowdedWe entered the restaurant and were promptly seated by a nice server.  The restaurant was clean and nicely decorated and did not feel run down or old in any way.Our server took our drink order and returned promptly.  We got the pretzels with beer cheese appetizer and we each got a hamburger.Our food arrived promptly and the appetizer was "fine".  10 years ago I would have called it good or better but time has marched on and expectations are higher then they once were.The same goes for the main course. The fries were unremarkable but decent as were both burgers.  The bill was also fair.  The meal with two drinks and an appetizer was reasonable for what we got. The server was pleasant and attentive. All in all this Fridays as a good but likely quickly forgotten experience.I would return here for lunch like I did today.
2	I'm not opposed to chain restaurants but this TGI Fridays in comparison to some of the other ones in the area truly falls short of the "chain" expectation. I order the Jack Daniel's chicken and shrimp with just fries. The fries were undercooked and thrown haphazardly into the sauce holder. The shrimp was over cooked and just deepfried. The chicken was fatty and just tasted like it came from their freezer. Even the water tasted weird.Fortunately, we had a very nice and charismatic waiter and all of the staff was very friendly. I'd recommend the TGI Fridays out in South Hills Village over this one any day.
5	Everyone's been to Fridays I am sure, but I enjoy the Yucatan Salad it's delicious. My children love Fridays it's usually there 1st choice. I also love the Cajun Chicken & Shrimp Pasta very very good.
4	Dining outdoors after a bike ride on the rail trail.  Just the right venue for that.Jack Daniels ribs and shrimp.  The ribs were divine.  The shrimp not quite there -- I'd say they were overdone.  Our server, Ed, was very attentive.  I asked for celery in my bloody mary.  Not only did it come with a celery stalk in it, he brought over more celery.  Yummmm....
2	I had a gift card so I decided to use it for a to go order. The food tasted frozen and microwaved. Nothing special just around average!
