1	Run away as fast as you can. Half the price, twice the crack heads. I was in a bad place financially when I moved here, so I didn't have much of a choice. Thankfully, things are better, and I'm able to leave this slum in the dust. Gates are never locked so there are always bums around, separate from the tenants who aren't much better. I walked outside to a girl fight one evening. There were about 15 kids in front of my patio cheering on two girls beating eaching other up. Management is terrible. Maintenance notices are never given, all of sudden your water will be shut off, and unlike most of the tenants, I have a job so I like to shower in the morning. My oven turns on by itself, and all my complaints have gone unheeded. They never unlock the dirty fitness rooms they rave about, and when you're moving out, don't expect them to fax in a verification to your new landlord. They'll tell them things like you have an unauthorized occupant in the apartment (I had the front office make me a copy of the lease, and then proceeded to point out that my boyfriend did, in fact, sign it) or that you have an unauthorized pet.  Thankfully, my new landlord can smell the bull.
1	I have a coworker who has had several issues with the management & maintenance at The Villages at Metro apartments. After moving from one apartment to another within the same complex, she was hit with several "hidden charges" that NO ONE advised her of until after it was a done deal. This started when the transfer process first started. Every time she would talk to the office, the prices would change. Finally was able to get a set price which she paid, then when she went in to get the keys & sign papers there was one issue after another, including the amount owed changing yet again!! On the day she went in to sign paperwork & get keys, they were no where near being ready for a move in (as promised). There were many, many items not completed. She patiently waited until the next morning when the movers arrived and still many things not ready. The maintenance crew left & said they would come back - never did. They finally came back days later & did some of the items that were not done, but after being in the new apartment for a couple months there are STILL several items that still need attention in the apartment - things that were never completed when she moved in. On top of all that, she then started receiving past due notices. She had spoken with the office manager when she first received the notice. The manager said it was for a cleaning deposit on the old apartment... she said since there had been such inconveniences with the whole transition and items still not being properly fixed in the new apartment that she would have that fee waived. Since that conversation 2 additional notices were sent out & the price has now tripled. She pays rent on time every month, she is a good tenant & has been really patient, but is now more than a little frustrated. She called the office again & got nothing but the run around - assistant manger "explaining" all the fees, yet these were NEVER communicated to their tenant, just thrown on her account & racking up ridiculous past due fees when told she wouldn't have to pay the move out costs? Absolute BULL!!
1	Do not move here!!! Have been a tenant for to long,  things to expect: drugs, shootings, robberies, killings 2 within 4 years with one happening 2 doors away. Harassment from the always changing property management, property poorly kept do not expect to get anything fixed in a timely  manner.DO NOT BRING FAMILY HERE THEY HATE KIDS! !!!
1	ok so I moved in to a studio, it had one of those murphy beds but only had the boxspring. so first night I wake up with a few bites on my legs. No big deal I thought maybe it was a spider. But second night I got more on my arms. I went and told management and they told me it would be a week to get the bug guy in. I was like really I need someone now or move me to a different apt. So no chance had to wait. At the time I was going to AZ school of massage next door. It got so bad that I had to go to the emergency room my legs were swollen from all the bites. I went and showed the manager all he said was that the guy is coming tomorrow.  We'll the guy came and I still got more bites I asked to get moved again and they said NO cuz I would be moving them to another apt. I told them I can't stay here like this anymore. They did not care. I called channel 15 and they did a story on me but nothing got resolved. Manager was like that could have been anyone leg. Nth is happened in 2010 and I had to leave school cuz of them. And  now I find out there trying to charge me $2,000 for what not. My advise stay away don't let what happen to me affect you.
1	So I was going to write a horrible review but the people before me have said most of it if not all of it. I just finally moved out. My things reeked of smoke...I don't smoke. I asked to replace my filter in my AC, they told me to buy a new one. My window in my room was broken so it didn't stay latched...they told me to go buy a tool at home depot to help shut the door. Like I said I just moved out and they are charging me for carpet cleaning and repainting. I didn't realize normal wear and tear would cost me money. I bought new drip pans and they wanted my receipt. I bought them in July. They are running quite the racket. Really horrible office staff. They are incredibly condescending.Like many people have posted it is full of drugs, people fighting through the night, and horrible horrible staff. Do not under any circumstances live here! Horrible place! If I could I wouldn't even give it a star. It doesn't deserve it!
1	I found the last review that was for 5 stars quite funny. You don't rate something because you think other people are being unfair. That makes me think the person is either management or friend of management. This one star rating is on behalf of my parents who live there, and still live there. When they moved in they were told rent would be one price and that they would have a certain amount for utilities. A few weeks after they moved in they were told that all the utility prices had changed to a different amount. On top of that unexpected change they were told that the water bill would be based off of 4 apartments in the unit they live in total usage divided by 4. How unfair is that if they use little water and other 3 use tons of water.My parents are retired with a limited income. They had to move from the 2nd floor to the lower level due to medical reasons. They had a Doctor note to verify this. The management was going to charge them $300 more just to make the move. Finally they decided not to charge them. After the move, my mom had left a few (4 or 5) boxes on their patio. The management charged them $10 to remove a few boxes. $10 for taking those boxes down to the trash bin? Then on top of that they charged my parents $10 more for the metal stove plates being dirty. They were dirty when my parents moved in, but they missed putting that on the inspection, so they paid $10 more on that. Last, they were charged $45 more for having the place vacuumed. This is really a sad treatment on residents like my mom and dad because before they finished their move they cleaned the place good. My dad had spent plenty of time vacuuming the apartment and making sure it was clean. In fact it was cleaner than it was when they had moved in 4 months before. But they were charged extra for that. When they complained the manager told them to take it up with the Corporate Office. This is the line they get for everything.The place they moved into was not clean, has need for paint on the walls, has a torn section of wall, and the glass sliding door was filthy. They had to move to a first floor due to health reasons and in the end it cost them $65 extra and a dirty place to clean.The grounds of this apartment complex are not very nice or clean. The gate that is supposed to be closed so they have a secure place to live is almost always open. Why pay more for security of a gated community if the gate is open all day?All I can say is my parents are pretty sad with their choice of moving in to this apartment. I do not think the other complaints about this place are by people who have been evicted or moved out owing rent. Read the comments posted and ask yourself if you really want to live in such a place. If management doesn't like dealing with customers maybe they shouldn't be managers.
