3	This unassuming little place opened up right around the corner from our flat, yet with so many good Italian restaurants in Edinburgh, it was hard to convince myself to risk my cash somewhere new. But I'd heard such good things that I wanted to give it a go. Support local businesses and all that, innit.As seems to be the fashion for Edinburgh eateries these days, it's a small room with a short, simple menu. Just a handful of pizzas, pastas and salads, which is a refreshing way to focus the mind and indeed the stomach. The evening started well in a nice cosy room with friendly staff and we settled in with a few friends for some tasty Italian food.Unfortunately the food, while nice enough, was a bit of a disappointment. The antipasto plate was pleasant if unspectacular, and was brought down by the crappy soft white bread rather than the good Italian-style bread you'd expect. And the mains followed the same path. The sauce for my penne all'arrabbiata was quite nice (if untraditional) but the pasta was over cooked, which is a cardinal sin in Italian cooking. Anyone who's been within a couple of time zones of Italy knows about their obsession with al dente pasta. Likewise, the pizzas. The toppings looked tasty enough but they were made with thick crusts rather than proper thin Italian-style bases. That's fine if you're making your own pizza at home but why go to an Italian pizzeria to eat non-Italian pizza?With Al Dente on Easter Road cooking traditional Italian pasta and La Favorita on Leith Walk serving the best pizza this side of Naples, and a plethora of old-school British-style places serving soft pasta and doughy pizza, I don't know what market Origano is chasing.PS. Note that they are now only BYOB on Mondays and Tuesdays. But the wine list is reasonably priced so you don't need to empty your wallet.
3	I'm finding it hard to be fair here. The food is actually really nice - fresh, tasty, great quality. But it's just not very Italian. And given that I had taken some friends there who are about to move to italy, and love all things Italian, it was disappointing. Fluffy white bread, however delicious, isn't very Italian. And puffy pizzas ... it was like a fancy Dominos. So - nice place, lovely people, and actually very nice food. Just not very Italian nice food. So - fair enough, so long as you know what you're going for!
5	We enjoyed our first night in Edinburgh dining at Origano. It was an all around lovely experience. For a starter my husband and I had the Bruschetta Crudo. For the main course we shared personal pizzas- my husband had the Vesuvio (spicy!) and I ordered the Caprino. Our waiter was very friendly and helpful as some of the menu ingredients were new to us. We don't have rocket in Canada. Stellar meal! The suggested wine pairing highly complemented the flavours. Highly recommended for a lovely evening out.
