5	Wetzels's Pretzels is definitely amazing and very crave-able. I am pretty boring when it comes to pretzels... I like them plain with salt. No dipping sauce or weird pizza flavors for me. Wetzel's offers delicious plain pretzels and bite size wetzel bits as well which are perfect for sharing! Also if all that salt leaves you feeling thirsty try their frozen lemonades. They have regular and cherry, but usually ask them to mix them for me. Snaking perfection!
5	I LOVE WETZEL'S PRETZELS.  My husband and I will come to the mall specifically for Wetzel's and nothing else. We'll make up an excuse to go to the mall and then be all like, oh yeah, and let's get a pretzel while we are there. We always get the bitz and they are so soft and fluffy. Lately the ones on the bottom don't seem to get as much butter love as the ones on top, but that's what I save the pizza sauce for.
4	Wetzel's Pretzel is a great place for a snack. Their pretzel flavors are interesting and I like them all with the except their Apple Cinnamon, which is over the top bitter. The PV Food Court is somewhat basic, with a lot of second tier fast food choices. The only real restaurant closed about eighteen months ago and the space is still empty.  Wetzel's is located in the Food Court, near the Picture Show movie theater and the Carousel. They do a nice job and their major competitor Auntie Anne's, is located at the other end of the Mall near JC Penny's. We like this is a Mom 'n Pop operating, where the family is there managing the business. Good people! We'll be back!
4	PV Mall's food court needs updating, but that doesn't affect my opinion of Wetzel's.  The employees are nice and very accomodating.  The pretzels are fresh each time I get there, I like the pretzel bits, cinnamon and salted, or the buttered salted pretzels. Oh-oh Now I'm starting to crave them! Frozen lemonade, please!I also appreciate they support the Phoenix Mercury, our WNBA team.  Time for pretzels!Thanks Wetzels!
1	Very bad customer service! Look out for the lady ismara behind the counter. She is the wetzel pretzel devil!
4	the jalapeno cheese dog is the bomb!!!
