2	Ok have to revise my prior listing.  These two epic stores started off good but have quickly  gone downhill.  The stuff is really used, check things carefully for holes and broken zippers as the staff doesn't.  Also pretty expensive now.
4	Let me start out by saying this, I am in love with second hand stores! And when it comes down to it this one is great! Not only do they have reasonable prices but they also do great sales. There tends to be good sales around holiday's, recently it was an easter sale where the whole store was 50% off for one day. Coming up it's the Memorial Day sale with the same awesome 50%. Tuesdays are "two tag" days where they choose 2 of the different tags to be on special. One is generally for $1 and the other is 50% off and the colors vary by day. I've found 25% off coupons on the valpak website and never go in without one. If you're military they do 10% off on sundays as well. Another thing that rocks about this place  is that it's clean, well organized and always well stocked. If you're a thrift store junkie like me this is definitely a good place to go.
5	10 x better than Savers. Love it so much! I come here all the way from Henderson. I like to search out cool finds at thrift stores, it's my hobby. Sometimes I sell on ebay, but other times I keep for myself. I've noticed that Savers prices their crap according to ebay prices. WHACK. Epic is an impeccably clean store, without all the ingrate trash you usually find at Savers, yelling at their dirty kids. I'm so glad this is such a hidden gem.
4	Before I came here, I found myself wondering how this store got its name.....was it several development folks sitting around a table, throwing out ideas?  Was it a single person who decided to be very presumptuous and assume their store would be awesome?  Or is there somebody out there named Epic?  No matter how it got it's name, it fits. This thrift store, is indeed, epic.  Great selection in all departments, most of the items being very good quality.  Their household section is a bit scattered, but digging through all the stuff can be fun (but not so much if you don't have a lot of time). Their prices are overall very fair, and they have two-tag Tuesdays when they pick two different colors of tags to be either half off or $1, which makes shopping fun!
1	Psssh about as Epic as a pair of skid marked undies!This place sucks, sure it may be cheaper than Savers but you have to go knee deep to the ghetto and dig through crap. The stuff is not almost new, or even mint, its hella used up! I was like, really? Faded colors, torn up pants, and disgusting shoes. They take ANYTHING and sell it. Ive been to MANY thrift stores here and in Colorado and this one may be cheap but the quality is janky!  Its not organized at all and annoying. I would rather pay the extra money to go to Savers bc there everything is ORGANIZED and there no creepy ppl starring me down whilst I search through trash.Avoid this place!
4	Epic TS -- epic or not, I cannot really tell, I'm still a thrift store amateur. Growing up in Germany we mostly visited flee markets held locally every Sunday. Thrift stores were not that popular there; not sure why. But also, my parents only bought pieces of furniture or stuff for the home from the said flee markets. We never purchased any clothing from there, which could be due to my mom being a fantastic bridal gown designer and she always sewed beautiful pieces of clothing for us -- *brag*So I grew up not too exposed to the thrift store scene until after I moved to the U.S. Every time I ended up visiting a thrift store here, I kind of flinched a little bit, because I couldn't handle the smell or touching all of the junk that millions of people had touched before me, let alone buy and wear something that a complete stranger had worn before. Long story short, Epic TS was very clean looking and didn't have the usual musty smell and maybe this thrift store is epic after all because I ended up purchasing two pairs of gym pants from here; actually my first purchase of clothing at a thrift store ever. So I think I have broken the seal and understand now the itch behind buying two pairs of very new looking pants for only 4 bucks -- am I addicted? Only time can tell.
3	Okay...my teenager is in town and when she's in town I spoil the heck out of her.  So, in the last 2 days I've taken her to the Forum at Caesars, the Shoppes at Palazzo, and a few outlets.  Did she buy anything?  No, because she rather go thrift shopping.  Not what you're thinking either.  She's not poppin' tags.  My girl loves thrift shopping for that gem hidden in all this junk. My teen has this thing about being original and finding the best deals possible if they're new.  She didn't end up finding anything that she really wanted.  However, since I spent a good hour here, I might as well review it.  Why? Because that's what Yelpers do.  I don't frequent thrift shops.  I'm more of a swap meet type of guy. I expected an unorganized mess and was surprised that this store is actually well recovered.  Think about it before you judge, this is a thrift shop.  This is the type of place where you may find a Betamax, crossword puzzles that are already solved, clothing from 1985, and a bunch of electronics that do not have wireless remotes (this actually have wired remotes).  You know the saying "one man's trash is another man's treasure".  That exactly describes a place like this.  This is not a place for me because I don't have the patience to dig for that score.  But I am still giving Epic 3 stars just because it's about average to what you'll find at other thrift stores out here.
1	Clean but over priced. Not worth the trip.
3	Good thrift store.
2	A "for profit" thrift store with "sifted" thru products sold at a higher second hand cost...Just some thrift store capitalizing on the "thrift" trend...Goodwill or Savers better choice! Terrible housewares section with near throw out condition crap...
4	Went here on a Thursday or Friday (can't quite remember) and cashier told me to run next door to Albertsons to buy a soda and get a receipt so it would save me 25% off my purchase! Great customer care and service! My kind of place! Prices are a little higher than Deseret Industries though.
1	Nothing epic here. Would rather go to a savers and that's saying something. Sure they are clean because they have nothing. Huge empty store. Mostly clothing with what looks like broken and parks of electronics and toys, mostly clothing.
2	OVER PRICED! I have found during my 2 trips, items with 'Desert Industries' priced stickers (competitor thrift store) one item was marked several bucks over the competitors.  The other item I unknowingly purchased since this time they were smart enough to cover the original price and I ended up paying double! I have found some good items.  I know I could get similar items a little cheaper but my last visit with that covered sticker definitely was my last. You can rip someone else off. Do they have people buy items from other thrift stores to sell in their own...?Goodwill and Desert Industries down the street are worth your time and money.
1	WOW. I like to think of myself as a thrift-store junkie, I've been to so many out here in the valley. This one caught my eye. With a name like EPIC- it must be awesome, right??? Wrong!!! Will never go again! This is a horrible, horrible thrift store! Felt like I was digging through a dumpster. Disgusting shoes, extremely dirty, broken housewares, things that definitely should have been thrown away. and very overpriced. $7.99 for a little hand basket!! $9 for a girls hoodie!  $2.50 for a single glass! Come on people!!Go to Deseret up the street. Average thrift prices, organized, clean,  and friendly people :)
1	Over priced
5	$1 Mondays are most awesome!  Checked out with 8 pieces of clothing w/tax+10% off related to their new loyalty program=$7.78= 90 cents/piece!  :)  Fitting rooms available.  FYI just inspect each piece as you would any other store.  :)
1	All they sell is overpriced crap. Why would I pay full retail for a not so gently used dress? Their way of having everything set up by color is a horrible. It's not even worth the time to go through everything. I will definitely not be returning to this store.
1	Went here to check it out, they got plenty items, but i could not breath in that place. Smells like moth balls. All the old stuffs they sell.. idk, i had to leave. And some items r pricey,  i thought it shoukd be cheaper cause its a thrift store...
2	I love thrift stores and I will continue visiting this one in case I find a good price on something I like,  but this place is overpriced.
4	The store was huge. It's much more expensive then what I'm used to seeing in Northern California. They did have some really nice clothes though. I got 2 100.00 miss me jeans for 40. Each that is a heck of a deal.
