4	I hit this place up at least once a week. You can get a fat-ass smoothie if you want, or you can get a super-duper health freak smoothie. I need that diversity in my life, as sometimes I'm more into yummy and sometimes I'm more into healthy hippy stuff.It's a great place to visit after yoga or another workout, and sometimes, if I'm really good, I can make a smoothie function as my lunch. They also sell these almonds that are coated in all kinds of goodies. My favorite are the maple ones.
5	This is the only place I trust and can depend on to make a delicious-tasting smoothie.  The ingredients are fresh and the staff are SO FRIENDLY.They offer a great variety of smoothies ranging from protein shakes to "bulk-up" smoothies, energizing, and smoothies that you can treat as a snack or indulgence.My personal favorites are Strawberry Extreme, Grape Expectations II, Peach Slice Plus and Passion Passport.
5	I agree with the other folks.  I always get the orange (sunrise I think) and it is wonderful.   They also have a great mango smoothie.   IN fact, I like everything in the store.  I will change the name of my dogs to Smoothie and King, that is how much I like this place.
2	Seriously?  Are these smoothies made with some prized Tibetan yak enzyme or something?  What on earth justifies a smoothie costing 8.99???Even the smoothies that had nothing "special" about them except a little protein powder were 6.99 or so for a medium.It's frozen fruit, people!  I'm from California, and was hoping to find a place to stop periodically, but at these prices, I just felt ripped off.
3	Now I remember why I only get a smoothie once every 2 years. I can't afford them.$13 something for a medium and a small smoothie, wow. I think I'll stick with costco's smoothies.
4	If you want a smoothie made with quality ingredients, this is your spot! I don't come often.......usually after a good workout if I can't make it at home. Make sure you ask questions if you're curious......they use turbinado which I can't take the taste of and always get mine without it. Just like everything else, this place is a little pricey but they make very good smoothies that will accommodate everyone.
4	I come here frequently on my lunch break from work, and it always provides a refreshing alternative to the typical Pizza, Burgers, fries, etc. that often become ubiquitous with office lunchtime. They have about any type of Smoothie you can dream of, but I tend to stay conservative with my order as the price can jump in a hurry. I normal small smoothie without any "added" supplements will run you just under $5. Also, if you come here a lot, I've found it's smart to just buy yourself a gift card. With a $30 gift card purchase, you receive a free small smoothie on the spot. The $30 card is conveniently divisible by 6 small smoothies, so you'll end up on top of this deal--as well as a provided incentive to come here, instead of the aforementioned greasy pizza alternative...especially if you're trying to lose a few LBs.
1	Being from Louisiana, I'm a huge Smoothie King fan.  Lately they've changed all of their recipes and no longer use any real fruit.  Their general smoothie recipe is now 90% ice and 10% fruit juice.  GIANT waste of money as it probably costs them about 50 cents to make a large.  You can do better.
