4	Slightly hidden by nearby construction, this basement location was a convenient find.  There was only one other Szechuan restaurant noted on Yelp in the entire metro area, and it was far by foot.  The storefront entrance has oversized photos of tasty-looking Szechuan cuisine, the main item drawing my eye was the Spicy Cumin Lamb dish.  The photo shows it served with steamed folded buns, which is not actually how it is served here.  Other photos are of items that they do not have either, so you may want to ask to see the menu before making your dining decision.  The article posted on the front window explains that the chef is from Guangzhou, but the food was definitely not influenced in my opinion. But, what do I know?  I associate Cumin and Lamb dishes with Western China, great to eat on a cold or rainy day.We were of course given a photo menu.  We wanted to order a meat dish, vegetable dish, and noodle dish.  But, the only vegetable that they had at the time was a plate of steamed bok choy, so we went with a second meat dish.  The Spicy Cumin Lamb is thin sliced and well spiced, I did miss the buns.  The Diced Chicken with Hot Pepper is a wet dish covered in a spicy bean sauce with long green hot peppers.  I was hoping for a dry fried dish with more peppercorns.  I should have asked before ordering or attempted to order in Mandarin...There are not that many noodle dishes on the menu either, so we went with the Bean Thread Noodles with Ground Pork.  It was excellent, very spicy, and not too oily.  The service was fast, waitresses were nice, and the spread was plentiful. The usual complimentary rice and hot tea is served.  Our party of three could not even finish the three dishes, and our noses were running from all of the delightful spiciness.
2	First thing I noticed was how messy this place was. Looked as if it was a Disco by night and Restaurant by day!!!Being a connaisseur of real Sechuan food I was a little excited that maybe possible we finally have a decent one in Montreal. WAS NOT TO BE!!!I guess I still have to take the 401 to get my realy spicey fix.Lanb was the only thing that was half decent. The spicey chicken which I really went for was a total dissapointment. Not enough peppercorn and was notthing but greasy chicken!! In china its dry...The noodles had a bit of a taste but no juice(Soup) like WTF!!!Service was typical montreal china town...below par...If you want the real stuff go to Toronto or china not worth the calories...
1	This comment is solely based on their delivery service. Their delivery service is absolutely a joke! They don't have a driver! It takes over 1.5 hour before the food arrives. The waitress walk all the way to my place and asked for a specific amount of tips. They don't deserve any tips with such long and terrible delivery service but I do give them since she walks all the way here. However, this is not how delivery service works! You don't walk 30mins to a customer's place and ask for huge tips! And just to be clear, I live in an apartment building so it's absolutely driver friendly. This is my last time order for this restaurant ever. Goodbye Chuan Xiang Qing. I wonder how far you can go with waitress walking to deliver.
