5	Fantastic Food! Great Service! They provide a great atmosphere for a lunch on the go. Glad I found this joint!
5	Had the lunch special, absolutely terrific food, wonderful flavor! Looking forward to coming back many more times to try the other options and desserts.
5	Had lunch there today OMG it is so good! We will be going back, often!
5	So delicious! Everything we ordered was fabulous. Super good black beans and rice and the pork and the potato empanadas are amazing. New favorite place!
5	What a great addition to downtown Mesa. The eatery offers a hip little hangout with a long community table down the center backing up to the Mesa Community Garden (you start to see the concept they are going for). The service was good, food was great, menu is sleek and simple. We have not had a chance to try the desserts yet, that is on our list! The selection looks unbelievable. We heard they are also getting a liquor license, which will transform it from an urban eatery to a place to hangout and stay a while. Looking forward to that.
5	Great simple menu. Great pricing. Had the lunch special today with my husband and it was super good. The rice and beans were very tasty. My usual pet peeve about empanadas is that they are either too greasy, too doughy, or the insides are greasy and tasteless. Soooo not the case here. I had the potato and the cheese one and both were very tasty, not greasy, and not doughy. I will definitely be back.
5	Best Latin Food! I've been there quite a few times now since I work close By. Their menu has a variety of Latin Food and every Dish I've tried has been tasty and fresh made.  My kids love their rice & Beans. The Empanadas are not Greasy and they have at least 8 different kinds to choose from. I got Addicted to the Sweet Empanadas :) There are also Healthy options my favorite is the Black Bean Salad made with Fresh veggies, Black Beans & Avocados. Their Sauce & Dressing are homemade. RE has an Industrial/Moderm Style & Their staff is very Friendly. For all this reasons I just simply Love this Place.
5	Amazing lunch specials! The Pernil empanada is to die for!
4	Really good food, from really great people.  The Dessert empanadas with ice cream and dulce de leche were amazing! They were out of a few of the menu items I wanted to try, but I really liked the potato empanada, maduros (sweet plantains) and tostones (savory green plantains.) I'll definitely be back to try the yucca frita and bean and cheese empanada.  This place reminds me of fusion between, Havana Cafe and Cornish Pasty.  You should definitely give it a try.
4	I really like it. Service was outstanding. Simple menu. Sleek and stylish decor. It's a beautiful addition to downtown Mesa. ER has so much potential! I had a lovely chat with the owner, Edmundo, who told us about his family, him being from Mexico and his wife from Costa Rica. The beautiful mural on the wall represents his family. It's awesome! You can tell there is a lot of love and passion behind this business. I also liked the fact that the owner was so friendly and open to suggestions and feedback.I was so very excited for ER to open since I lived in Chile for a year and ate empanadas nearly everyday. We ordered the El Capitan (it sounded the closest to the traditional Chilean empanadas I loved), and the Cubana. Unfortunately, I was underwhelmed by the El Capitan. It wasn't bad, just not what I was expecting I guess. Cubana was very good. They also had a really good lunch special. It was $7.50 for 2 empanadas, a side of beans, rice, and salad.(I think). Excited for them to get their liquor license and start offering local craft beers!I think ER has a lot of potential. Will be back to try the rest of the menu.
5	Love this place. Well-made food, great atmosphere. The avocado and heart of palm salad is possibly my favorite thing on the menu (with the exception of their nutella banana empanada). Their gallo pinto is even tastier than the versions I had in Costa Rica. This is an absolute must-try in Mesa.
5	Great place with a great vibe and delicious empanadas!  We must have tried 10 flavors between the 4 of us and they were all amazing!  The ranch/ cilantro dressing with a few items (salads and appetizers) was also amazing.  Very interesting flavor combos for the empenadas and delicious flaky crust.  Superb!  Great new find for me!  Oh and I love the stamps to label everything!  And the beautiful mural and all the cactus.  Its a creative place!
4	Cons:I am a fan of spices. In all honesty, I did not really taste a lot of spice in any of the dishes I tried today. I also thought the empanada's were a bit on the small side. Finally, I was not a big fan of the  ham. Seemed more like farmer john boiled ham in cubes then a real smoked or cured ham. Don't get me wrong it tasted good, but if I wanted lunch meat I would have got a sandwich. Pro'sSome of the nicest people I have met. The girl that waited on me was respectfully dressed. She was kind, courteous, and more than willing to go over everything on the menu and make recommendations. There was a gentleman on a laptop that introduced himself to me, shook my hand, and thanked me for coming in.  There was a slightly older gentleman that held the door open for me, and everyone thanked me for coming in and asked me to come again as I left. Finally, the food is very reasonably priced. Food-Now as i said before in my opinion, I though the empanadas themselves were a bit on the small side. However, they are budgeted for their size. So don't walk in thinking 1 or 2 is probably going to feed you if you have a big appetite. I came in with the attitude of  the empanadas would be the size of a cornish pasty. When I saw the price I was like wow this is going to be a great deal.  It ended up being a fair deal.  Their pork is pretty decent. Their black bean and cheese was really good, their cubana which is pork, ham, cheese. I was slightly disappointed because again what I expected was not what I got. I figured it would be a shaved smoked or a cured ham.  The sides I got were black beans and rice.  Plus a cabbage salad.   All fairly decent, nothing to right home about. Final thoughts-Spice it up, maybe try a different type of ham and don't be afraid to tell people empanada's are hand sized. It's the only thing keeping me from giving five stars. In all honesty, I probably would have given three stars on the food because nothing stuck out as great or terrible. What really makes this place though are the people. I am glad I met them today. It's nice to see more places coming to downtown mesa and more business owners need to take a tip from these folks and appreciate their customers.
5	Super stylish, super hip, super friendly and SUPER GOOD. I never knew white rice could be so savory, and the beans were keen, too! The empanadas are just exquisite!!!!!! I HIGHLY recommend Rupublica Empanada!!! It's truly a gem of downtown Mesa!
5	Wow, deliciously different. Made a bit of sampler platter with my wife. Tried 8 different empanadas...all delicious, but the Boricua and El Capitan were my favorites....primarily for being so different and complex. Great melange of flavors. Loved the spicy green sauce they give you on the side. The restaurant is very clean, great, friendly and efficient staff. They are very helpful explaining the different ingredients. Great addition to Downtown.
5	Delicious, cheap food. The staff are really nice, hardworking people.
5	Ever since the boyfriend and I discovered empanadas in New York we have been dreaming of finding something comparable close to home. Enter Republica Empanada.  When we saw the menu online we got excited because there were a variety of options, many quite similar to what we had experienced in NYC. Our expectations were high and Republica Empanada did not disappoint. We both ordered the lunch special - 2 empanadas, rice, beans and salad for $7.50. I chose the Hawaiian and the El Capitan, both were very, very good. The shell was done just right - crispy but not greasy. And there was plenty of filling with a good ratio of ingredients. They served them with a spicy cilantro sauce on a side that definitely had a kick but was very tasty. The rice and beans, though simple, were flavorful and a nice complement to the empanadas. The place itself is clean, contemporary and comfortable. The staff was very pleasant and helpful explaining the menu options.One thing to watch out for when going there - they are on First AVE. Apple maps will take you to First STREET (thanks a lot SIRI!) So watch out for that.I can't wait to go back and try a few of the other flavors. This is sure to become a regular place for us.
5	These guys have a great little restaurant.  Food is excellent.  I'm excited to see what they do with the place.  Hope the salads and entree selection on their menu grows!
5	I'm so addicted to RE. I crave their bean and cheese Empanadas and yuca fries literally everyday! I also love their platter that has the various plantains and yuca! Great design too, a gem in downtown mesa :)
3	The vibe is cool and the staff was very nice, but I was not super impressed with my empanada.  I had a Nutella and peanut butter one, and it was deep fried a little too long.  All I could taste was grease and there was barely any filling.  If I go back I think I'll try a savory empanada instead!
2	Another place in downtown Mesa that is missing  the boat. No paper menus to go. SLOW service. The food looked exellent but I'm a busy professional, I can't wait or take a hour llong lunch, unless I get a job woriking at the Courthouse or the City of Mesa--good pay, cake jobs, count me in.
4	The place was fairly easy to find, we were greeted and sat immediately despite the rush. Did take a while to get our drink order due to short staffing. Otherwise, the food totally made up for it! A nice, and much needed spot in the Mesa area!
5	I love this place. Delicious food, reasonably priced. Seems like the owners are always here making everyone feel like family. The pumpkin empanada was delicious. Cheeseburger empanada also did not disappoint. Nice to see a family business in downtown Mesa giving it a go.
4	I used to eat at this building years ago. I think it was called Casa Rosa's at the time, but when I moved I wasn't able to visit again until after the business had shut down. For the first time in years, I saw this place open, so I excitedly pulled into one of the street side parking spaces and walked in. The general idea of the place is the same. There is a tv, but the giant screen projection tv is gone for anybody that remembers it. You must walk in and go immediately left to see the counter where you order. All of the furniture is new and the interior has been completely remodeled from the looks of it. The employees were extremely helpful and polite, and I believe it was the owner that introduced himself to me. I ordered the Cubano, which alone is not nearly enough for a meal even though it was delicious. It was served with an excellent avocado sauce (didn't seem quite like guac). They have a full selection of beverages imported from Mexico and therefore not including high fructose corn syrup. Order one of these with a two empanada lunch combo. Their prep time was very fast making this a good place for a lunch break or date. It also looks like they're applying for their beer license (exciting). If you haven't been here since the building reopened in July 2013, it's definitely worth stopping by if you're in downtown Mesa around lunchtime.
4	Great lunch special! Simple and delicious. Pick your two empanadas and it comes with rice, black beans, and cabage salad. Afordable. The place is modern and love that they have a couch to relax after finishing your meal. Customer service great.
5	My favorite thing about spending a summer in Argentina was trying to eat the most delicious food, as often as possible. Empanadas were a staple, and always mouthwatering. Republica Empanada nails it every single time- super authentic, every time I crave my Argentinian staple I have to come here! Mushroom and chicken is my favorite. Stop in and support, it's an awesome mom and pop place that's a must for lunch. Hoping they expand to Phoenix and Scottsdale soon!!
5	First time here. I loved it! Excellent food. Great atmosphere and friendly people. Absolutely perfect!
5	This place is Fantastic!  The empinadas are perfect and not oily or dry.  The Pernil is my favorite along with the Posole.  They serve beer and wine and are working on getting their liquor licence.  The lunch special is filling and delicious.  Or try the Posole for your lunch.  A great way to go.The place has a great vibe, the staff are friendly and nice and the bathrooms are always clean!  I like supporting small business, and this is a win win!
5	What an awesome place! To start with, the staff is great. they're very friendly and come around often to check on you. The owner is really nice and pleasant and we had a very nice conversation with him. Now the food, Awesome!!! We tried a variety of empanadas and they were all great. The Jalapeno one was especially good. The dessert empanada fig cheese and caramel was delicious!This place is wonderful! We will definitely be back and we highly recommend that you try it!
5	I used to have the empanadas served here back when it was the owner selling them from a small mobile shop. The restaurant has grown but the food has remained uniformly excellent. Delicious, filling, inexpensive and a fun atmosphere. I just took my mother here, visiting from Michigan. She's says: "minimal setting ad frills, and just really, really great food."
5	Walking into RE you are greeted with a nice clean dining room with tasteful art and a slight industrial theme (the light bulbs are pretty cool). The empanada's are very tasteful, although I would like to see some more onion in the cheeseburger empanada. I also tried the El Capitan, Mushroom Chicken, and Jalapeno Popper; all were VERY good!  The staff was very friendly and the service was excellent. If you are looking for a nice lunch in a good atmosphere, visit Republica Empanada. I plan on going back and trying a few more empanada flavors along with their yummy house green salsa.
4	My oldest daughter and I met up with a friend and her daughter for dinner , the placed picked Republica Empanada.We walked in and where greeted right away, and our server was Heidi, who was amazing & helpful!  For starters I ordered Tostones, fried green plantains severed with creama and this amazing cilantro jalapeno ranch sauce, this was a great starter, I loved it, the plantains where cooked perfectly and the combination of the creama & cilantro jalapeno ranch sauce was perfect! They flowed well with each other, so good!Now they do offer sweet & savory empanadas, and for the savory I went with the Republica Chicken and the Cubana.  The Cubana was slow roasted pork, ham, mozzarella & dill pickle, it was very tasty, I enjoyed it very much. The Republica Chicken was chicken & veggies with some seasoning. OMG AMAZING!! I need to try out the rest of the savory ones, but right now the Republica Chicken is my fav!! Now for the sweet!!! I ordered the fig, cheese & caramel & Nutella & banana.  The fig empanada had figs, mozzarella and South American style Dulce de Leche, this was amazing, I loved the combinations of everything! Figs, Cheese and Caramel, yes please!  The Nutella & Banana AAAAAMMMMMMAAAAZZZZZIIIIINNNNNGGGGGG!!! I am a Nutella loving fool, love that stuff, and this empanada was perfect!! So so good!!!I enjoyed everything I had tried and everything is so reasonably priced, didn't even break the bank account for everything! Great service and great food look forward to coming back and trying more empanadas out!
5	A very cool restaurant in downtown Mesa!  We tried several of the empanadas and loved all of them. Great staff, nice location next to the community garden. This is definitely going to be a regular.
4	I recently heard of this empanada restaurant and I just had to make sure I would go and try it out.  I lived in South America for 2 years and empanadas was a food that I ate just about every day down there.  At the Republica Empanada, I ordered the ham and cheese, buffalo chicken, and the beef (El Capitan).  The ham and cheese and the El Capitan were very good and they tasted pretty much like the ones I ate in Paraguay.  I was not impressed with the buffalo chicken empanada.  I love buffalo wings, but this empanada did not have the "buffalo" flavor that I was expecting.  They used gorgonzola in the buffalo chicken empanada, so that may be the reason I could not taste and "buffalo" flavor.  We also ordered yuca frita (fried yuca) with was good.  In Paraguay, you pretty much have mandioca (yuca, cassava) with every meal you eat.  It was nice to eat yuca frita again.  If you like empanadas, give this place a try, it is good.
5	These are the best empanadas I've ever had. The empanada dough is perfect. It's thin and crisp - not so thin that it's falling apart and not too crisp that it's hard to eat. The fillings are delicious and the dessert empanadas are uuuuhmazing! We came here two times in two days because we are out-of-towners and had to get as many empanadas as we could! I liked the Republica Chicken, Bean and Cheese, the Fig, Cheese, and Caramel desert empanada, and the guava and cheese. I'm seriously thinking the drive from LA might be worth it! Plus the staff is very friendly and welcoming. I can't wait to come back.
5	Overall the night went very well the moment we walked in. Our waitress was very kind, happy, and helpful. I ordered the Hawaiian and for dessert the Nutella & Banana   they were to good to just have one so i ordered two more :)
5	What a fun, delicious find in downtown Mesa. We loved the decor, music and most importantly the food. The empanadas are excellent! I had the Chicken and Jalepeno Popper one. It's worth a drive if you don't live close.
4	Great place and nice change of pace from typical good found in the valley - empanadas are a wide range of fillings and there is something for everyone. Try the sweet empanadas for dessert they are great
5	Lovely interior, just enough comfort-to-hip ratio. Went there for the first time Monday night got 4 empanadas and a desert for take out. The food was delicious!!! and we will be going there to eat in next time. As I was waiting for my food I noticed that the staff were engaged and informative and customers were enjoying the atmosphere as much as the food.Go there to eat and hang out it will make a wonderful evening. Ps the food is mostly somewhat Puerto Rican & Caribbean style -ish and tastes just like you hope it will.
5	I went to Republica Empanada after researching local places. Their fig, mozzarella and dulce de leche empanada caught my eye so I grabbed my partner in crime and went for lunch on a Friday afternoon.The place is tiny but very clean and nicely decorated. Not ideal with children. Inside it has one long table (bar) with bunch of chairs and about 8-10 small tables with 2-4 chairs each. They do have an outside seating area but I didn't go out. The place was rated A by health department as well. I went just before noon and it was already busy. By the time 12:30 hit, it was packed. But they are very fast and lines moved quickly. The food didn't take long to come out and in the meantime, you get the enjoy the delicious smell. We got 6 empanadas total. 4 meal and 2 sweet. We had the buffalo chicken, mushroom chicken, pernil, boricua, Ruiz's pieces and fig cheese & caramel. The savory ones were filled and generous. The pernil was tender and flavorful. The boricua is pernil with rice, peas, etc. and it had a tiny bit of spice and even better than the pernil. The buffalo chicken wasn't overpowering buffalo flavor and mushroom chicken was savory and moist with good spices.Ruiz's pieces was nutella and peanut butter. It was generously sprinkled with powder sugar and inside was warm and gooey. The star of the show for me was fig cheese and caramel. Dried fig with melted mozzarella and dulce de leche. What an interesting combination of flavors but it worked wonderfully together. It also came generously sprinkled with powder sugar. It's a great local hole in the wall. We both loved everything about the place but the food is definitely worth the trip. It's a bit hidden but look for a red sign, it's hard to miss from the corner. Definitely a great find!
3	I like this little joint. It's small, clean, and has a hip vibe.The pernil empanadas were tasty. The crust is the main attraction, crisp but not greasy. The outer crust is made with flour rather than with cornmeal which is fine. I like both crusts as long as they're done right. The meat is flavorful, but slightly on the drier side. The version with rice and beans and pernil was OK, but I liked the straight pernil better. The ground beef was good also. I guess I subscribe to the "less ingredients is more," approach to empanadas. Would've liked to have tried the chicken, but they were already out at 5pm on a Saturday. The empanadas are a good size and my friend and I split 3 so we could try a variety. The green dipping sauce was a bit on the bland side, and I would've liked to have had a house made red sauce option. We also ordered yucca, which is always great right out of the fryer, but cut quite thick so it can get starchy when it cools down. The hearts of palm salad was enormous, and can easily be shared between 2-4 people. It's packed full of fresh ingredients but it overall it wasn't anything special and the green dressing was also on the watery blander side. The plantain patty that comes with the salad was crispy and had a great texture. Again, it was fried but not greasy. I will probably just skip the salad next time, and save room for more empanadas, which are the star of the show. Servers were casual but very attentive. I don't get to the the East side much, but the next time I catch a show at the Mesa Arts, I will make a stop. It's literally walking distance.
5	Excellent fried empanadas + soccer on the TV.
5	We were impressed with the freshness and quality of the ingredients. Everything was homemade, and there was great attention to detail. The server was attentive to our needs. It was reasonably priced. The food was delicious. It reminded me of my time spent in Latin America. What else could you ask for? We'll definitely be going back :)
5	went with my husband last nite for date nite & we had a wonderful time. the staff was helpful & friendly. we tried a a variety of the empanada flavors & they were all great not a bad one they were all crisp & flavorful.the dessert ones were heaven. all in all it was a great restaurant, layed back vibe you have to try it out, you won't be disappointed.
5	We were looking for a dog friendly restaurant and called up Republica Empanada and they let us bring him out on the patio with us. A good startTheir Tostones were very, very good. Large and enough for 3-4 people to start.We decided to all try a few and share, everything was great. The Cuban was tasty and the Capitan was particularly good. The house Pork was also amazing.We will be back, we are always looking for good spots to eat. Prices aren't too bad when you consider the flavor!
4	This restaurant was like a little slice of hipster downtown Phoenix in Mesa. The space is nicely decorated and has a 'cool' atmosphere. I went with a friend and we each got the dinner plate. Unfortunately, they were out of more than half of their variety of empanada... it was only around 6 pm.... Anyway, the empanadas I ended up getting were very good. Got the Cubana and the Boricua. The Cubana was very flavorful, and though I don't typically like ham, I really liked this. The Boricua was also good with pulled pork and a yellow rice.... it even has olives in it, which I don't like, but I liked this. The crust of their empanadas was thin and crispy....really delicious. The green sauce they provide is good, with nice heat, but is really strong with raw onion... I could taste it in my mouth all night. The dinner plate also came with rice and beans (which were both pretty standard, nothing special) and maduros which were very tasty. We shared dessert, a fig and cheese with ice cream...this was tasty, but I didn't think the ice cream added too much...for the extra 3$, just get a second empanada. I would definitely come back here if I were in the neighborhood again.
4	Yum yum!Decent prices, clean, friendly and different. We will definitely come back.
5	Republica Empanada is the perfect little lunchtime gem I've been looking for in the area. I almost don't want to sing its praises because it is at the top of my lunchtime list and I don't want to throw any elbows for a seat. But. It deserves some love, so I'll share I guess.What's not to love about empanadas? It's the latin american equivalent of a hot pocket but instead of processed bread and mystery meat, there's no mystery and tons of flavor. RE does empanadas right with a perfectly flaky crust that serves as a sleeping bag for quality fillings of beans and cheese, potato, pork and even figs. Two is enough to fill me up at lunch, but I could probably eat more if naptime were an option afterwards. My favorite so far is the El Capitan which is a mixture of ground beef, green olives, hard cooked eggs and raisins. I know, I hate raisins too, but it works in this empanada. I also really like the bean and cheese empanada which is simple but so good. The only one I haven't cared for so far was the potato which I felt was under seasoned and just didn't work for me texture-wise. The lunch time special is great-for $6.95 you get two empanadas (selection of which ones qualify for the lunch special changes daily) with rice and beans. It's just enough food to be satisfied without leaving that post-lunch food hangover. They also have a fantastic early week special that runs Monday and Tuesday 6P-10P of four empanadas+four beers (OR a bottle of wine) for the baller on a budget price of $20. It makes for a great happy hour, particularly on Mondays, because Mondays are just hard.The decor is super cute and they have an enclosed patio which is a plus come summertime. The inside layout features a dining bar that stretches almost the length of the restaurant and then a handful of two and four tops. It's not the biggest space, so I imagine it can get pretty crazy during the lunch time rush which I've never witnessed because I'm always hungry by 10:30, which makes my lunchtime no later than 11:30.If you work in the area or are just passing through downtown Mesa-definitely worth a stop!
5	Stopped in here on a Wednesday night at 7pm.  There was only one other couple there eating, we were grabbing something to go.  We ordered a couple empanadas each.  Wife had the potato empanada and the fig and cheese.  Both were really good.   I had the pernil and the chicken with mushroom. Both were good but the pernil was the best.  The green sauce they give you is really good. Has a little spice to it but it is just right.  After eating two empanadas I could use a third.  They do have a happy hour that ends at 7. Not sure what the specials are, but they do serve beer and wine.  They have a special Monday and Tuesday, $20 for 4 empanadas and 4 beers.  Must be shared with 2 people.
4	This place is great. Right next to my job, super convenient for lunch. The lunch special is a lot of food for a good price. There are so many flavors, I can't keep track of my favorites. I just know the green sauce is amazing with all of them. And be sure to try the fig cheese & caramel dessert, ah-mazing.
5	My new favorite place. I've eaten many empanadas in my lifetime because my Puerto Rican god-grandmother has fed them to me my entire life, and I haven't had any other that even come close to comparing besides the empanadas here. The first time I came here I probably had like four or five, not even joking. It's so hard to choose just one. 10/10, would recommend to everyone. :)
5	Delicious  food, amazing latin American tastes. Yucca frita was amazing... reminded me of home . So good to be able to present some of my comfort foods to my friends. Definitely will go back
4	If the revitalization efforts  of Mesa's downtown restoration succeed, places like Republic Empanada can take a lot of the credit. Briefly, a comfy cozy place with hip music and good solid food, albeit, mostly empanadas. The decor try's a little hard, but I applaud the effort. The light fixtures are awesome and I love the couch.
2	Meh, not impressed and kind of over-priced for what you get. Ordered two different empanadas and the pozole. One of the empanadas was way over done and the other was just right which was of course the one that came with beans in it which I didn't like but was recommended. The pozole was beef and reminiscent of canned beef vegetable soup. Overall expected better, but may try them again.
4	Yummmm! Came in today for the lunch special, which came with a choice of 2 empanadas and all three of their sides. As a vegetarian, I was delighted that their rice and beans were both veggie! I went for the cheese and potato, the potato was my favorite, so good. The cheese was a giant mozzarella stick of deliciousness. My sister ordered a bean and cheese empanada, she's a veggie too, and TWICE empanadas came out with meat in them. The employees were very apologetic and we could tell it wasn't purposefully, as if a prep cook had accidentally mixed them up, but could have been bad if my sister had actually taken a bite. But as I said, they were nice about it, and I wouldn't hold it against them. We also ordered three.... Yes three.... Dessert empanadas! Guava and cheese is where it's at. I'm excited to come out on a Monday or Tuesday for their special! Beer and fried goodness. Nom!
3	Busy Friday night and Republica is as loud as a junior high lunch room. It was so noisy we couldn't hear our server and I don't think she could hear us because I wound up with an order of Papas Fritas that I thought was included in the dinner special as an appetizer. They served it after we were well into the meal so we were puzzled when it showed up. They were generously seasoned with rosemary. I had a black bean salad which was large and fresh. My partner had a special that included 2 empanadas which he thought were OK. Skip the Reisling at $6 for a juice glass size and the glass was warm. We thought it was a little pricey.
3	I just ate here.   It is Saturday at around 3:30 so we had to order dinner menu which was more expensive.   I had the El Capitan empanadas with the dinner option.  They were OK but not great.  My husband had the Arroz con Pollo and is average too.  I really like the ambience so I'll give it another try someday,  maybe a happy hour.  They seem to have lots of beers if you like that.
3	Food was OK. It's different than anything around so that is appetizing. I'm not a fan of ham, Green and Kalamata Olives, so that eliminates 89% of their menu for me. I tried the buffalo chicken and the cheeseburger. I'd eat the chicken one again, but the ground beef pocket I can do without.My stars are actually for the decor, service, and beer selection. The place would get more stars from me once they make more affordable, appetizing empanada combinations. but for someone like my dad, that likes nasty tasting olives, this may be 5 stars.The empanadas are $3 each, but are small. good luck getting full for less than $10.
5	Everything is great great great! One of my favorite places!
5	This might be apocryphal but many in Latin America claim that God didn't rest on the 7th day, he celebrated by creating the empanada. A few visits to Republica Empanada and you will become a true believer to this sentiment.  While the place might have a serious hipster facade the owners behind the scenes are the genuine real article.  It's this type of restaurant that Yelp was made for.  Plan on making a few visits because you'll want to sample everything.
4	This was my first time eating an empanada.  I got the black bean and cheese and the Hawaiian. For desert, we got the Nutella and bananas (with ice cream and wipped cream of course). Delicious!! Oh, we also got the Papas Fritas. They are potato fries with house seasoning.  So so good! I highly recommend them. Can't wait to go back and try some more. I'm now an empanada fan!
4	I'm digging the Downtown Revival! Republica Empanada was a great place to stop for a nice lunch. The service was great, the lunch special is fantastic and a good amount of food, I didn't leave the slightest bit hungry. The empanadas were delicious, and the decor and atmosphere were quaint, welcoming and thoroughly enjoyable. Will stop by again. Love the original building!
5	This is a friendly, tasty, fried fast food joint. Fried but not greasy!!  I'm here with a group and the outside/inside choice is perfect. Everyone, even veggie lovers are happy!! The pernil empa is crispy but not greasy, with a delicious meatball of juicy pork. Also loved the plantains, rice and black beans! And the sweet empas were good too.  Dinner for $11! A real find
5	This place is the BOMB.COM! Go there you will not be disappointed! The straight up cheese enchiladas takes you to the streets of Chile! Soooo good!
5	We tried 6 different empanadas and everything was excellent! Service was good and food was awesome!  We will definitely come back. The fig cheese and caramel desert empanada was our favorite!
5	Costa Rica food with South American flavor. It is a small fast food set up but the food is very good.
5	The food was great! I tried the republica chicken, cheese, and Nutella banana. They were all wonderful, and came out really quickly. The interior was very clean and modern. All of the empanadas were $3-3.50, so they're great for even just a snack before going to the art center or museum.
4	Do you like empanadas, do you hate empanadas?  Well, whichever it is, you will love this place.  They have everything to spiced ground beef and veggies to Fig and Cheese empanadas.. also me not being a fan of Nutella, LOVES their Nutella Empanada !
5	This is fantastic. The empanada were amazing. My favorite was the cubano with pork ham cheese and pickles but the pbj and plantain and cremA were also amazing. The plantains were out of this world and the cassava with jalapeno ranch was also delightful. It was busy put not packed which was weird considering the high quality combined with reasonable prices. Beer selection was also superb. Try it!!!
5	This place is amazing! The staff & atmosphere were great and the food even better! I had the Pernil (seasoned pork) empanada & it was fantastic! But take my advice: though you'll be tempted to keep trying more of the deliciousness in the 'main course' or meat empanadas, pace yourself, because ALL of the sweet, dessert empanadas are equally amazing (the plantain & crema is the BEST in my opinion!). They also had a great, local beer selection! Great food, great prices & great service!
5	Just came in and ordered several empanada s to try.Ham and cheese El capitanThe CubanThe perilThe boricuaThe cheeseAnd finally a sweet empanada, the fig cheese and caramel. My favorites in the savory category are the boricua and the fig cheese caramel was jaw droppingly amazing. The boricua is filled with rice, peas, ham and is so moist it drips with a homemade sofrito sauce.
4	Headed here with the husband and a friend for the first time last night and fell in love with this place! The parking lot was a little tight to navigate, but there is plenty of street parking surrounding this location, so don't fret!We headed in to this eclectically designed venue and opted for a high top table since all the regular tables were taken up with patrons and it was a little too hot out to enjoy the patio seating. Fortunately we made it in time to squeeze in a happy hour drink order before the 7 p.m. end - $1 off wine and beer. I hoped for Sangria, but they didn't have any, however, they said they were working on getting it in, so fingers crossed for next visit!My husband and I both ordered the dinner platter since it came with maduros, rice, black beans and salad, along with the choice of 2 empanadas. We had the El Capitan, Pernil, Chicken Republica, and Boricua - then we cut each in half and shared them between each other, so we both got to try 4 varieties! The maduros were delicious and cooked perfectly.  I would be hard pressed to pick a favorite between the 4 empanadas we tried, I'd order them all again in a heart beat. When we walked in we noted that they had dessert empanadas, and knew that this just had to happen, so we "saved room" for them (read as attempted to save room, really didn't have room, but ordered them anyways, cause...dessert.)  We had the King and the Fig.  I would probably say I preferred the fig over the King, but both were great!  Overall: AA smaller restaurant (max seating of 49 people) that gives off an intimate artsy vibe with great food and nice staff! Happy hour from 3-7 daily!
3	Saw all the reviews and really wanted to go. We went for dinner on a Wednesday night and were 2 of about 5 people in the whole place. We order the special and the rice and beans were cold. The empanada were good but somewhat small. Got a beer for a dollar off which was nice. Also got two dessert empanada which were the highlight of the meal hot and good. Food was ok but not sure I would drive the 20 minutes to come back.
5	Just came for the first time and I am beyond satisfied. Everything was amazing and at reasonable prices. The Greek empanada and the Fig, cheese, caramel are the best tasting empanadas I have ever had and I am Puerto Rican, I've eaten many empanadas in my time. Service was great and the place is very clean. Even met the owner who was nice and attentive. This is must try! We are definitely coming back.
4	A real hidden treasure awaits you in this downtown location and it's worth the trip from anyplace in metro Phoenix. They really got a grip on Empanadas!!Give this place a try you will be pleasantly treated!
5	Great beer choice ( though not draft) and the food is EXCELLENT. The fig and cheese dessert Empanada was a perfect, sweet and savory finish. Mondays and Tuesdays you can get 4 empanadas and four beers ( or a bottle of wine) for $20 (2 People min.) I highly recommend this chic, little hole in the wall joint.
4	The fig carmel empanada is worth the trip on it's own. Also really liked the rest. Definitely going back again.
5	Amazing all the time! Everything is really freaking good and I've tried half the empanadas on the menu. They are small so get 2 or 3. The gallo pinto brings me back to Costa Rica. The coconut porter was also a pleasant surprise. It has a trendy feel but still mom n pop. I like to think of it as a Costa Rican Cornish Pasty with way fewer hipsters, and no draft beer.
5	My friend and I were hungry last night but didn't know what we wanted or where to go so we pulled up Yelp. Yep, we found this place because we like new places that are off the beaten path. We were not disappointed!!  The atmosphere is inviting, the service is personal and the food is AMAZING!! Simple ingredients done right!! Definitely going back!
5	All I can say is OHH MYYYY! Took one bite and was in heaven. I think I gained 5 lbs today, but worth it. I had the lunch special since I could not decide what to do...come with beans, rice and cabbage salad. The cashier was very friendly and helpful. Everyone there is very friendly. Nice people Good food. The lunch special comes with two choices. I had the chicken and mushroom (very good) and the el capitan which was very flavorful. Both were excellent. So I had to have desert.... banana and nutella... this was out of this world. I will be back to gain some more lbs.
5	I have to say.... YUM! My first time here and so much more to try! So it's a quaint little mom and pop store. Clean and cute. There is both off the street parking and a parking lot. We were seated immediately at lunch hour on the July 4th. The waitress was attentive and did her job well. Now for the food! I ordered Boricua which is rice, peas and pork , my daughter, not so adventurous had ham and cheese, we split an order of their homemade seasoned  fries that had a yummy green sauce. I also ordered the fig empanada.If I only go back there again  for one thing it would be for that fig empanada! I really liked the Boricua the pork was amazing. I can't wait to go back and try more!
5	Why are you on YELP reading about this place and NOT eating here? Holy balls, this place is amazzzzzing. I have single-handedly converted a small army of people to adoring this place. Really, it's all fab, except for the Buffalo Empanada. The ham and cheese is fabulous, the black bean salad to die for, the fig and cheese empanada my BFF. Plus, BOTH my kids eat whatever the get here. Go here now.
5	Delicious! Went for lunch and they had an awesome lunch special; 2 empanadas, cabbage salad, rice and beans.  The service was very welcoming, I felt like I walked into a friends home, it was very clean, and had 2 large screen TV's. The food was absolutely delicious. We got 4 different empanadas ALL were yummy!!!  We will be back and I highly suggest your check it out too.
4	Arrived around 5 for dinner and the restaurant was entirely empty. This was nice as we had great service and the entire menu was explained to us by our waiter. He suggested the combo app platter that had tostonies, fried plantains, yucca & two dipping sauces which was a jalapeno ranch and regular ranch. This was good but did fill you up pretty quick. He recommended the dinner combo... OK portions are huge. Could have skipped the app combo. Dinner special was 2 empanadas of your choice. They have about 10 different varieties. Also on the plate was rice, black beans and some more fried plantains. I would have opted for the dinner special. You can order the empanadas individually which run around $3 each, they also serve 4 different tortas with the same fillings they use for the tasty empanadas. Place was very clean on the inside. As we where seated a couple was leaving. They decided to move outside by the main entrance and proceeded to smoke. The smell of smoke did fill up the dinning room and the owner asked the patrons nicely to move away from the door which they graciously did. The food was very good and the service was excellent. Prices pretty decent as well. Dinner special ran $11 and well worth every penny.
5	Every one we tried was delish.  I am pretty picky about empanadas because I used to live in Venezuela where they are on every corner and better than any I have had here.  They had green sauce that was legit like the Venezuelan street vendors which I haven't seen since I left.  It went well with the chicken, the rest are very fusion type empanadas but I liked that there were traditional and empanadas like the Nutella banana.  Great mix of new and old and so yummy
5	Republica Emanada is sooooo yummy. The Pernil, the Cubana, the Achiote Potato- they're all delicious. And don't get me started on the Fig Cheese and Caramel. I'm still dreaming about it's gooey deliciousness.The only thing I've had that I didn't love was the appetizer combo with plantains and yucca fries. It was okay, but not particularly flavorful. Definitely check this place out, but skip the appetizer and order an extra dessert!
5	Great service, reasonable prices , and an excellent variety of Spanish dishes. I also enjoyed the local beer selection. There's a couple of delicious vegetarian options (not your ordinary salad and veggie burger options either).  I am anxious to go back again.
5	Love this place! The coconut porter was really good and the yucca fries were amazing! I had the chicken empanada and my husband had the beef and the mushroom and chicken and everything was divine. The sauces are all great compliments to the food. I have actually been to South America and I know authentic empanadas. We will definitely be returning! Also the caramel fig empanada is amazing!!!!
5	I had two of their empanadas and my wife and 2 others so I was able to taste 4 of them. They were all awesome! I don't have a favorite. I can see me getting different ones for my different moods but they will be perfect. We also shared plantain chips. Yum! I haven't had plantain since our honeymoon cruise in the Caribbean and these did not disappoint. Probably better.They also had some very tasty salsa-verde. Yum!Note: I was also very impressed with clean, hip atmosphere. The large HD TV's playing "Back to the Future" was an added bonus.
5	Super yummy! (Even my difficult to please boyfriend couldn't stop raving about his empanadas!)One of the highlights of my visit to AZ!
3	Was nice to try something different for lunch but it was only okay. Tried the lunch special which came with two empanadas + rice + beans. Empanadas good but needs a dipping sauce. Overall a bit dry and the shell greasy. Also tried the pollo con arroz. That was disappointing. Compared to other PCAs I've had this was not it. This was prepared like chicken fried rice (but not as good tasting). Likely not to return as it was not memorable.
5	Cheap, tasty, fun and super cute inside - What is not to like? Plus, they have happy hour! We got the Combo Caribe to start  which is fried yuca fries with jalapeno ranch sauce, giant squished green plantain chips, and sweet plantains served with crema for dipping. Yuca fries would have been improved by being a tad smaller and crispier and I wished the jalapeno ranch was spicier, but all in all very good. Sweet plantains were the obvious winner of this trio, and I shall be back to eat many of them. We then got the chicken and veggie empanadas and the pulled pork (pernil) along with simple cabbage salad, Earl Grey iced tea and watermelon agua fresca. The empanadas were light, crisp and delicious. I really cannot wait to try the more exotic offerings!
4	I finally had the chance to come eat here for lunch one day a couple weeks ago and so glad we came here! From the outside it looks a bit interesting... But the inside is very nicely decorated, very colorful and modern. We got one of the lunch plates (two empanadas with rice and beans) and then another two empanadas to share since it was our first time. Everything was all really good, especially the Cuban and Pernil empanadas. We also got the cheeseburger (doesn't have a great punch of flavor) and the mushroom chicken. I've had Maduros from a Cuban restaurant in Louisville, KY and had to order them here when I saw them on the menu. These were just as good; although we weren't crazy about the dipping sauce that came with it. Overall, definitely looking forward to coming back here! We didn't get a chance to order dessert and I had my eye on a few of them!
5	Yummy food in a cute little setting!  I look forward to returning again soon.  Definitely a great addition to downtown Mesa and the Mesa Arts Center area.
5	Yum! The empanadas are not big so you get to try 2-3. Every one I tried was very good. There are only 4-5 choices of sides I believe and I only tried rice and black beans and those were good as well.  I went a few times while in town and always saved room for a third and made it The King, a desert empanada. Wow! Sin-sational!  PB, banana, little honey, powdered sugar on the outside. I always wished I had just ordered 3 Kings.
5	Service can be a bit flaky--there were only two servers on when I got there (6:30 on a Saturday) and it took a long time for anyone to help me/the staff seemed overwhelmed. I still love this place, just some info for the powers that be.
5	I first heard about this restaurant through Phoenix New Times, and finally tried it out tonight. Very good food! Everything was super tasty and fresh, and the service was quite good - everyone was very attentive and knowledgeable. Everything was really reasonably priced especially when you get the special. We had the combo appetizer, a couple specials, a couple of desserts, and some sangria - loved it all! Definitely recommend trying out this great restaurant - you won't be disappointed!
5	Great food and good service. The variety of empanadas is great. Dessert selection of empanadas is yummy. Good drink selection... Bottled drinks, beer too I think? Atmosphere is great; excellent spot for quick lunch.
2	Meh... $3-$3.25 fancy under filled hot pockets.  Didn't feel it was a good value and at bill time got forgotten about for about ten minutes. Won't be returning.
3	As out of town visitors, we were glad to try something different.  I wondered if the empanadas (fried dough after all) would be heavy.  Not at all.  The chicken empanada was delicious with the sauce and so was the bean and cheese empanada.  Definitely add the green sauce to your whole meal- it livened up even the rice and beans on the side.  Great interior.
5	Writing this and thinking about this place is making my mouth water. I LOVE Republica! So unique and so delicious! Some of my fave empanadas are: Jalapeno Popper, Cubano and the Buffalo Chicken. You MUST try them with the green sauce. Best I have ever had. Not sure if they put crack in it or what, it's Goooood! The fries are something you can't leave without trying. They have the best fries in town, hands down. I could go on and on. There's nothing that I have not loved! And the place itself is so swanky and cool. This is the perfect spot to impress a date!
5	This was my 2nd visit to RE. Both times I did take out. I will have to dine in one of these days for their Mon/Tues night special. Their empanadas are really tasty! I like that they are crispy fried rather than soft baked. I bought 6 to share with the BF; 5 savory ones and one sweet. We had: El Capitan, Boricua, Pernil (pork), Chicken, Chicken & Mushrooms and the Caramel Fig one for dessert. My favorites were the chicken and pork. I didn't really care for the more complex ones. The caramel figs one was pretty good also. I think I would've preferred lesser caramel to tastes more of the figs but I might be in the minority with this. I have to say though what makes these empanadas over the top is that delicious green sauce that comes with them. Don't forget to ask for extra!
5	I've been to Republica Empanada several times and each time it's a delight! I love this quaint restaurant located in the heart of downtown Mesa. I also love the prices! Seriously, when most restaurants overprice their meals, RE keeps the prices reasonable. The interior is perfect, modern, and clean. Also, the owners are always available to speak to and I love the family-owned atmosphere. You can't go wrong here! I love everything on the menu.
2	Oh dear. Do you give one start or two for AMAZING food, but horrible service? Make sure in advance that they allow dogs on the patio, great, they do. Get there just after noon. No wait! Score. Patio it is. Yes, it's warm out, but the patio is covered and it's just me so it's not like I'll be here all day. Haha. Get seated, would you like something to drink? Water and a drink menu. Five minutes later someone asks if I've been helped. Another minute or two...here's my water...no drink menu. Order food and drink. Food comes out in a reasonable time...too bad my order is wrong. I purposely ordered nothing with meat, got a chicken not cheese. No big deal. I'm sure they'll replace it. Except...I had eaten all of my first empanada, my rice, drank my mimosa, and most of my water BEFORE anyone asked me if my meal was good. Finally someone does, tells me they'll bring me a water and the cheese empanada. A good ten minutes goes by before someone comes out and asks again how everything is (still no more water!). Um... I order another mimosa. (Great, now I'm spending money and calories just because my food is taking forever). A table next to me, who sat down just before my food originally came, is already done eating. Wow. When someone messes up your order, your replacement should come STAT. I wait approximately 40 minutes (thank God I brought a book!) before I give up. I've been here for almost two hours at this point, and all I've had to eat was one empanada and some rice. Oddly enough, when I say I can't wait anymore I suddenly have my check and my empanada is ready and wrapped to go. This visit literally ruined my morning, because I was sooo excited to come here and try this place. They are also donating 15% to Mesa Urban Garden today. AWESOME! Food is amazing...but geeez....don't come here unless you have 2 hours to kill? Or, no appetite. Unfortunately for me, that wasn't the case. They did take off the price of the 2nd empanada...but seriously.......seriously. :(
5	I created a yelp account just so I could post about this place! I went into Republica Empanada today for a lunch date. I ended up being stood up for said date! Not only did they give me a free dessert, but they were incredibly kind and said it was his loss that he didn't show up. I decided to stick around and have lunch anyway, and I have no regrets about that! I got to eat great food in a comfortable place, and listen to some great music!They have created a business where people will not only want to return because of the food (which was FANTASTIC; I recommend the peanut butter and banana empanada) but people will want to return for the whole atmosphere and the kindness of those that work there! I will definitely be back, and next time probably with a girlfriend or my mom. :)
5	Tasty and fun with great service. I recommend the combo appetizer; I loved everything on the plate! Mmmmmm... Plantains!
2	I ate at Republica Empanada before and loved it, so I went back. They must have had an off night because my second experience was horrible. We asked for the first available table inside or outside. We waited about thirty minutes and they sat us inside, meanwhile a table had been open outside the entire time. It was very loud indoors, so we asked for the table outside. The hostess called for help to wipe off the table outside. (Does it take an army to wipe a table?)We were seated and we ordered. The food did not arrive for about 45 minutes to an hour. During that time, we experienced four staff members including our waiter, continuing to ask us if we needed anything. It was obvious that they were trying to tend to our needs but without our meals, there was not much that could be done. So the repeated questions about our well being became more of an annoyance.  On top of this, there was an irritating music mix that was playing that was blasting onto the back patio. It was a blend of Lady Gaga meets South Park. Don't know where they found that music but it was a mood killer. Our meals finally arrived and then the repeated questions about how the meal tasted continued. Then, the owner came out and asked us if we were well and he inquired as to whether the waiter told us about the specials. Our waiter did not inform us of the specials but we were indifferent to that fact. He seemed concerned about it and seemed he went in the back and may have reprimanded his staff for this. The owner continued to service us, talking up the desserts and clearing away our plates. What happened to our waiter?Dessert was served and it was incorrect. The owner came back and apologized and corrected it. Our bill came, nothing was discounted for the inconvenience of waiting so long or the mistakes. Then we waited another 20 minutes until our waiter came back to take the bill again. Wow. This was getting old. After paying, we slipped out the back exit, kind of over the experience and feeling icky from the awkwardness of it all. Won't be back there for awhile even if the empanadas are tasty.
5	OMG we just shared six and I couldn't pick a favorite, they are all fantastic! Do yourself a favor and try this place..
5	Try alot of them. Cheeseburger republica chicken japeno popper. Cubana  all were excellent.  Buffalo chicken pass on that one . Ewww
5	Excellent food, loved the combination plate and the empanada platter. The service was great and the place was very clean. Will definitely come again.
5	Totally recommend this place to anyone wanting to try something new, fresh, and authentic. I ordered the Empanada Platter, it came with the choice of two empanadas, white rice, black beans, cabbage, and plantains for $13.00, completely worth it. The food reminded me of my Mom's home cooking. It's a real small restaurant, but the atmosphere is great. Right next door you have the Mesa Urban Garden, cool place to check out after.
5	Love coming here!! Came today for my third time.. and just love it! They have great customer service,.. as we ate the place started too fill up.. The food is always great! The french fries are amazing.. and I always order a variety of their empanadas..I totally recommend it!!
5	I so appreciate this place! Very hard to find Caribbean/Latin (not Mexican) food in Phx that is reminiscent of those back home that are actually good!  The staff is really nice, orders are fulfilled quickly, and they stay open until 9p on weekdays!
4	Very cute place, good empanadas
5	Oh hell yes!  I was exposed to empanadas during my time in Chile.  This place is a godsend.  Cool locale, nice people, and great sangria and food.We have had almost all flavors on the savory side and they are all very good.  They cheeseburger flavor was a wonderful surprise.  This place is a must!
5	This was my first visit and the verdict is in: this place rocks! It's affordable, close to home, friendly, cozy, and unique. Oh, did I mention the food is great too? The Popper flavor was my favorite but honestly I didn't find one I didn't like and we must have tried about half the menu. Me and mine will definitely be back to try everything at least once.
4	I had the perenil in an empanada and both the meat and the pastry were great, my next option is to have it on a torta because it will come with more stuff. The empanada options on the lunch special are good, but they haven't, at least these last two times, featured the really good ones. Rice and beans are alright, but nothing to write home about. Just get a single empanada, like the classic, and a side of slaw. throw in a desert one if your still hungry.
5	We were looking for a lunch place and my phone app suggested this place, I couldn't be more in love with my phone for suggesting it. It is a very small an unassuming place on the outside and you would miss it if you weren't looking for it. The wait staff was very friendly and very informative, our waitress made sure to ask if it was our first time and answered any questions we had. The food was amazing! I would put down what we had, but I think you should go in not knowing and have an amazing experience like we had. I will definitely be back for more!!
4	I am so excited to call this a Mesa restaurant! We have returned a couple times and have had wonderful times each visit! What to expect:- full flavor- tender meat- CHOICES (my husband is a big fan of choices)- cozy atmosphere- live music some nights- YUMMY desserts (my favorite part of any meal)We will continue to come back and hope foodies looking for a new spot will give this one a try!
5	Great vibes, great service and very pretty but quaint. Independent as hell, the food is super soulful and homemade. Has a nice patio too! What a little gem in the heart of Mesa.
4	I found this on Google maps, searching for something in close proximity to Mesa Arts Center, where I attended a concert tonight.  My sister and I shared several savory empanadas, the Yuca Fritas, and one sweet empanada.  We agreed that our favorites were the Pernil and the Mushroom Chicken, although we liked all the ones we tried.  We had the Guava and Cheese for dessert, and it was delicious too.  All the empanadas were very flavorful, with a crispy (and not oily) pastry.  What a delicious concept, and it's great to share so you can try many different flavors.  The service was a little slow, especially since there weren't many people there, but the staff was very friendly.  This is a true gem in downtown Mesa.  I will for sure be back.
5	It truly is a rare treat to find such an exquisite restaurant. This quaint little nook tucked away in downtown Mesa is serving up delicate, fluffy pillows of empanada heaven on the daily! From the first bite, I knew that this Chef was supremely passionate  about food.  I need to go back for dessert. Our server was delightfully charming and demure. Their garden is very impressive. This spot is positively heartwarming.
4	Good food, great prices and ridiculous portions. The tostones fried plantains were awesome and has just the right texture. You can taste the freshness in everything they make. The only thing I would improve on would be service and even that barely needs work. The staff was friendly and attentive, I think we caught them on an off night lol. I'm a server so I notice the little things. All in all, the food holds on it's own. With 2 appetizers, 2 big ass meals and a brew for my guy the bill was only 37! Could barely fit the leftovers in the 2 to go boxes... Give this a go if you're in the neighborhood for sure :)
5	First time here and the food was awesome and the owner the kept the place open till we finished! Talk about service. I'll be sure to come back when I'm in town.... Really really good... The salsa is amazing!
2	I had high expectations of this place. I ordered a few different types of empanada, both savory and sweet. Only a couple of them were good...not great, just good.  Also, price is too high for what you get.
5	This place is the bomb! Great food nice clean casual atmosphere. You can even get a beer with you lunch! If you haven't tried it you are missing out!
4	Bold flavor in simple, fried pockets. If you are anywhere near the Mesa area just do yourself a favor and drag your ass to this place.  The maduros are tender and sweet,  the boricua will make any Nuyorican proud, and the capitan is savory and balanced.  By the time you get to dessert you may be jaded from the empanada concept (I was). But they make a great effort in maintaining their identity till the last bite. I would have preferred a custard or bread pudding... something to mix up the texture.
4	Had their empanada platter with el capitan and boricua. Delicious.
5	I never find myself in Mesa, strictly out of principle :D, but I was headed to the Mesa Arts Center for a concert and found this gem using my Yelp app.The waitress was very attentive and actually apologized for asking me a question right after I took a bite (I swear they must teach that timing in the training videos at every restaurant). I had the El Capitan & the Cubana empanadas as part of the platter for dinner. Both were excellent. There was a surprisingly decent assortment of craft beer bottles to choose from as well. I was easily convinced to look at the sweet empanadas for dessert, and the waitress was quick to point out all her favorites (essentially the whole menu). I settled on the Ruiz's Pieces, because obviously I'm a sucker for a clever name.I suppose I'll have to find an excuse to be in Mesa again soon. It will be an easy walk from the light rail as well once it's finished being built out that far.
4	This is a small cafe located just behind Benedictine University in Mesa.  It is hard to locate.  I initially drove right by it, and I was looking for it.I was pleasantly surprised though.  The empanadas are very good.  I had the Lunch special, and I chose the Greek and the Boricua for the two empanada choices.  They were good.  I see that they do serve certain alcoholic drinks (beer).  While I do not drink alcohol, what they do serve is fitting for it.  Perhaps with it being in downtown, this may be a good late night hangout....perhaps just missing the mojitos and related, but then again I do not drink.  I also do not know if they want to have a full bar given they are so close to the university.  This is a good place for either lunch or a snack....maybe late night.
5	This place is so good! Something so different and light but gets you full, variety of unique delicious empanadas, I recommend this place to everyone, will defiantly go back for more with friends, also the staff are soo nice! The owner was also very nice he walked up to us and asked us about the things we ordered and if we liked them. (Thumbs up)
4	A quaint restaurant in Mesa that serves amazing empanadas.  My family and I ordered take out and we got a variety of empanadas to try.  I have to say that not a single one disappointed us.  But I have to say, my favorite was the desert ones.  :)  I recommend 2-3 for a hungry adult male.  Maybe 4-5 if you're starving.  Save room for the sweet ones though.  You won't regret it.
4	After my trip to Puerto Rico, a tiny voice in my mind has been calling for empanadas relentlessly. Unfortunately some of the places I've been to here in AZ have been selling glorified hot pockets masquerading as empanadas, so you can imagine my delight finding a place that specializes in them.It's tucked away in central mesa, and if you're not looking for it you'll probably miss it. The atmophere is fun, urban and inviting. We were greeted and seated promptly.I ordered the chicken empanada with the black bean salad- both were absolutely incredible, especially when dipped in the delicious green salsa everyone gets as they're seated. Warning: the salad is a LOT of food- you might want to split it with someone or get ready for some leftovers. We also ordered desert which was nothing short of incredible. Spring for the scoop of ice cream and whipped cream- worth every penny of the extra $3.My only complaint was that the service was incredibly slow, especially considering we were one of only three or four other groups in the dining room. All said it took us about an hour to get our food. Also, we were shorted one empanada that barely made it out before our desert- and when it did it was the wrong one and we waited even longer for the correction. We were still charged for that one, which I was a little surprised by. I didn't want to make a fuss, so we paid and didn't say anything. That said, the service was very friendly and attentive, so no worries there. We'll definitely be back as soon as that little voice in the back of my mind nagging for empanadas starts getting too lout to ignore.
4	I'm a big fan of this place. I've been three times now and have had the chance to try several offerings and haven't been disappointed yet. They have a great range of  flavors, both savory and sweet. The lunch special is a great deal too. Just be careful, I have burned my mouth every time I've eaten here.
5	Fantastic. Stopped in hoping to find some authentic Argentine cuisine. Food was terrific. Service was excellent. Empanadas to die for. The El Capitan, chicken, & pork were outstanding. Try the banana & nutella desert empanada. Killer! We'll be back.
5	Why did we wait so long to try this gem?  The food was out of this world.  Try best we've had out in a long time.  The green salsa is divine.  I could drink it.  Our three boys 17, 14, and 10 loved loved loved it.  We tried many empanadas; chicken and veggie, chicken and mushroom, cheeseburger, the two different pork ones, and the jalepeno poppers.  We couldn't look a favorite. They were all incredible.  We ended with a Nutella/PB empanada with I've cream and a caramel fig.  Both were heavenly.If you haven't been and are considering it GO!  NOW!
5	Amazing. Traveling from out of town and discovered this place on Yelp. Absolutely wonderful atmosphere and food. Definitely recommend.
5	One of the more interesting places I've ever eaten. Pricey, but for sure a foodie place. I don't know if I'd go again, but it was one of those places to eat and take off the bucket list.
5	You go in and its very Latin hipster. I love the way we can walk up and order OR we could be seated by a waiter. The ones who are there to work, are super casual which helps new people who come there.The empanadas, oh the empanadas!! I've been twice and not been disappointed. I ordered the Cubano, the jalapeno and cream cheese, the shredded pork, and the one with golden raisins. The most favorite part of the food wasn't actually the empanadas, but the house salsa! It went with every empanada I ate, whether out was supposed to or not. I loved it!I have to take time to compliment the staff and Howe they take care of people and their things, because I left my credit card here by accident for three days and they kept it for me until I was able to come for it. Thanks RE!!! Not only do I trust you with my stomach but with my stuff if I ever forget it again!
5	The empanadas are delicious!! One of the best lunches I've had in a long time.  We had the Cheeseburger and the Buffalo Chicken empanadas.  The green sauce they give you is fantastic, I'm not quite sure what's in them besides a heavy helping of what surely must be magic, but I could drink that stuff up!!
5	Came here with my family and we had a variety of empanadas. All were delicious!!! The desert empanadas were delightful! I'm not even a desert person, but I had to try one after the tasty empanadas we had for lunch. I'll be coming back to try the other types!!!!
5	Very tasty empanadas! We got the fig cheese caramel dessert empanada, and it was awesome! Our favorite savory empanada was the bean and cheese. Yum!
5	Two MUST HAVES!!!1.  Pernil Torta - The best shredded pork ever topped with tomato, avocado, slaw, and chipotle may AMAZING2.  Fig Carmel Empanada - Sound bizarre but has the perfect balance of fruit, cheese, and carmel, let me tell you this will melt in your mouth5 Stars this place is excellent!
2	I'm puzzled how this place received so many positive reviews. My visit was a disappointment. Sure, the decor is trendy and the atmosphere is energetic, but the positive stops here. I had the lunch special (select 2 empanadas from a list, salad, black bean, and rice) with the King (peanut butter and banana) and Boricua (pork). The Boricua has decent taste, but nothing special. While the King is creative, the ingredients were not distributed evenly....so you literally get half banana empanada and half peanut butter empanada. The black bean was absolutely bland. I'm not too crazy about the two spoonful of cabbage salad either. The white rice is the best tasting element of the meal. It's one of the most flavorful rice I've had..thanks to the coconut milk(?). Perhaps the worst thing about this place is the service. When I was ready to order, the cashier/server made me wait 5 minutes while she went to clean tables, refill water...etc. waited 25 minutes for food until I asked the server. Was told they messed up the order. Waited another 5 to 10 minutes before food arrived, but and there was no silverware. I had to go behind the counter to help myself because the server was MIA. It's especially painful to watch the food at the window ready for pickup for more  than 5 minutes...yet the server was clueless where the food should go (she messed up the order of the next table, too). It wasn't busy at that time and there were 5 staff and about 15 customers. If they can't handle with that staff to customer ratio, I doubt they can handle a busy lunch/dinner crowd. The next table left at the same time and one of the guys commented that he'd never return....yeah, me neither.
5	Love this place!  Great atmosphere and cute diner feel.  The selection was amazing and variety awesome.  I would eat there once a week if they were in my town.  We loved it so much we ate there twice.
4	This place is a breath of fresh air in downtown mesa that is saturated by subs and Mexican food. This place is clean, not to expensive ( good lunch deals), and just something totally new. The hamburger and slow cooked pork is heaven. I don't usually eat dessert but the fig, mascarpone, and caramel is a home run that would even impress Babe Ruth. If you're in the area, try it!
