5	This is a great location for a hotel of this nature.  It is tucked away on a small, quiet street right around the corner from all the touristy spots -- including Chinatown which is within walking distance.The lobby is beautiful and they offer a variety of room configurations which range from relatively small to very spacious.  We most recently stayed in one of the more spacious rooms as we were travelling with family (read: little kids), and this gave them plenty of room to run around in.  Having the kitchenette is a great addition -- especially when travelling with kids and you need to store their milk and snacks.They have a very nice pool, jacuzzi and small exercise room with television.  And the morning breakfast buffet offers a wonderful selection of food to choose from -- from fresh fruit, to cereal, yogurt, and is included with your room.  There is also a nice looking restaurant on the premises which I hope to try one of these days -- it is very much in the Quebec style.There is on-site valet parking which will cost you about $20 a day -- with in and out privileges.  The hotel is also offering a package between now and April, 2009 with rates from $175-$249 CAD -- which INCLUDES a $25 / night gas gard, parking and the aforementioned full-buffet breakfast.  Checkout the website for the particulars on this offering.
3	nice cheap hotel in old montreal right next to the water, great location but the rooms are really tiny, who needs the fridge and microwave while u r such a great city? just a note: they've a museum piece of furniture displayed in the lobby.
3	Location is excellent - in the middle of Old Montreal, a few blocks from China town and a few more from downtown.Beds are fairly good - I hate hotels with beds softer than pillows.  The mattresses here are firm, as they should be!  Negatives - TV is mostly in French (not many cable channels), breakfast is very limited and not good at all, internet is not wireless, room layout is awful.  On this last point I must emphasize how idiotic the room layout really is.  From the Bed, have to rotate the TV until it almost falls off the stand to view it.  If I am working at the desk (which I must since the only ethernet input is at the desk and remember, no wifi, I can't even see the TV.Other amenities are pretty standard.
4	We booked our hotel and flight package via Travelocity and got a great deal!  Loved that Springhill Suites was located right in the heart of Old Montreal and it was easy to walk around the cobblestone streets.  Close to the cute restaurants and stores, and not that far from downtown either.  About a 15 minute walk to Centre Bell (Canadiens hockey).The room was decently roomy and it was nice that we had a kitchenette with a fridge and microwave.  The rooms were clean, good water pressure in shower, flatscreen TV (you can rotate it to face the bed or the couch), comfortable bed (although the sheets could have been softer).  Service was very friendly and accommodating.  Oh, they also had a business center that offered free internet access.The complimentary breakfast buffet each morning was great...although the hours were a bit too early for us on spring break ;-)  (weekdays 6:30-9:30am).  We didn't make it two out of the five mornings since we slept in too long!  You can eat on the mezzanine or bring your food back to your room.  Lots of choices, both hot and cold foods.  There was always yogurt, pastries, breads, fresh fruit, juices.  Hot foods changed each day - there was always eggs, some kind of potato and meat.  And there was even a do-it-yourself waffle maker!Overall, I would definitely recommend this hotel. It's nothing fancy by any means, but does the job for a clean and safe place to stay.  Great location, great service, affordable.
4	Great location for walking in the old town.  Horrible location for driving, so leave the car with the valet and hoof it.Very nice staff, especially the front desk folks. We got a studio room with fold out bed since were traveling with the family.  High marks for the comfy beds and the boy loved the the included breakfast.  You can make your own waffles or just enjoy others attempting to make theirs (Tip:  you CAN'T use too much of the spray conditioning and the beeping means you should flip it).  Somewhat embarrassed by the other Americans and the lack of civility to the staff trying to help at breakfast.Overall a great experience at this Mariott
3	Average Springhill Suites, but may be a good call if you're looking for an affordable option in Old Montreal.
4	That's it.  I've been ruined for American chain hotels.  The service we got at the Springhill in Old Montreal was far superior to its equivalents in the States.The breakfast buffet (free!) was tasty and different every day, with heavenly nutella-filled croissants (and I didn't even think I liked nutella beforehand).  The staff was friendly, personable, and efficient.  The suite was fricking huge to be a standard (e.g., non-premium priced) suite in a tourist district of a major city.There wasn't anything I didn't really like about the hotel.  It lacked the distinctive charm that you can get in some independent hotels, and we did have to pay for parking (which is about par for the course), but it was somewhere between acceptable and aces all the way across the board.
4	this is really nice hotel - size is perfect, and service was friendly. Room comes with a fridge, microwave, small kichen, desk, and separate bedroom.Downside was, gym was rather small, pool was tiny, free breakfast tasted like total crap. But again, that's "Free" (But I'm paying for it...) Parking is a little pain.The location is...well, depends on what you like. If you like touristy trap, this is the place for you. If you dont' like touristy, don't stay here.
4	Excellent location and good service.  Nice enough room, BUT....there is no door to the sink area to separate it from the bedroom in our suite with 2 double-beds.  I had to leave the room for a meeting before my family was awake, and I was getting ready in the dark.  The living area is not really separate from the sleeping area - there's about a 2.5 foot wall extension separating the sofa from the bed area.  The closet is tiny - especially for use by more than one person. The fitness area has one elliptical and 2 treadmills, a few free weights and nothing else.  The pool is really tiny.  Breakfast was fine.
4	You simply can't beat the location.  Walking (or stumbling) distance to everything in Old Montreal.  Close to bus line 715 for the circuit around to downtown. The hotel staff is friendly and helpful. The hotel itself is nice, a bit smallish rooms and a bit dated, but is just fine. Breasts are the normal Springhill Suites fare, good enough but nothing to write home about. All in all, I'd stay here again on my next visit.
3	I'd think that for a Marriott, the hotel was going to be a bit more upscale, but the suite was just okay. While the bed and bathroom was clean enough, the carpets were incredibly dirty. The hotel receptionist and the staff taking care of the breakfast were really nice. The hot breakfast buffet that comes as part of your stay was just okay. The oatmeal was really slimy, and they ran out of it one morning when I arrived 30 minutes prior to the kitchen closing. With that said, the location is awesome being in the middle of old montreal, you can easily walk around to Notre Dame (5 min walk), and chinatown (10 min walk).
3	Pros: Rooms are spacious and clean. We were in a deluxe king room which was large enough for a family of 4 utilizing the queen pull out sofa.  Location is safe and tucked away within the historic old Montreal area. Complimentary breakfast buffet is substantial and they even have take away containers for afternoon snacks.  We also enjoyed the microwave and in room fridge. Cons: The housekeeping staff is extremely unfriendly. No greeting in the hall unless you consider a smirk and begrudging good morning mumble when you annoy them with a greeting.  We also asked for beer glasses and were told we should use the room 4oz water glasses. Weird in the land of microbrews and a hotel with room service that serves beer. All in all, not a bad stay but in the same breath, not a good one either. Common courtesies go a long way. I'm a huge fan of this chain but Marriott missed the mark this time.We were there back in July 2012. This post was stuck in my drafts..
4	My husband and I have stayed here twice, and I see no reason to stay anywhere else while in Montreal. The location is super-convenient to all things Old Montreal, and is a short walk to a metro station and adventures beyond. Rooms are a decent size and the beds are comfy. There's an in-room mini fridge and microwave if you're into saving a bit of money by stocking up your own beverages (we are!). The Continental Breakfast is a decent way to start the day, and if you strike at the right time you can get your hands on some chocolate nutella croissants.The adjacent parking is worth it! Heated garage, and you can come and go as you want.  Also, ask for a room on the 6th floor if you want to have a view of something other than the side of an office building. :)The pool is currently undergoing maintenance but we wouldn't have used it anyway, and we didn't care about the gym or whether or not the cleaning lady said 'bonjour' to us in the hallway. If you care about either of these when you're on vacation then we do not want to party with you!If you want a clean no-frills hotel, stay here.
4	Couldn't ask for more at this price!! The location is amazing, the rooms are clean and spacious with a separated living area w couch and frig. Breakfast did the trick and the parking was easy and well priced.
4	This Springhill has one major thing going for it-- LOCATION! It's extremely close to all the tourist spots, so I added a star to an otherwise decent place to stay. The rate isn't bad for being right in the middle of everything in Old Montreal, and the staff were always friendly and helpful. Rooms are on the smallish side, but since they're "suites" they feel bigger. The decor is starting to show some age and the ac/heater unit was noisy, but the bed was comfortable, and that goes a long way in my book.Internet speed is on the slow side but free, so overall it's a better place for vacation than business
4	My family has just returned from a short Holiday spent in Montreal & the stay was made better because of this lovely hotel. First, we did not have to rent a car, as the hotel, located in Old Montreal, was steps away from the river, museums, art cooperatives (great buys - wonderful gifts) & the Metro. You will be walking on cobblestones, so you need to chose wisely your footwear. The hotel free breakfast was delicious. They also have a hot tub & workout facility. My family raved about it...I chose to make that my time (relaxing shower & a so deserved afternoon nap). Quality restaurants surround the hotel. The price was more than reasonable. I purchased the trip package through Expedia & just could not be happier!
5	The Marriott Springhill is possibly the best located hotel in the entire city of Montreal. Step right out the door, turn left and you are on Rue St. Paul in the heart of Old Montreal. Beautiful! It's really a nice hotel too. It's not the Ritz Carlton but definitely a step above the typical Springhills that I've stayed in before. Nice free breakfast on the mezzanine overlooking the rather elegant (for a springhill) lobby. We were upgraded to a "larger" suite on the top floor, which was actually a very good sized true suite. I can't speak for the regular rooms, but this one was quite nice.I had originally booked the downtown Marriot and changed to this location at the last-minute. It proved to be an excellent decision! The ability to walk from the hotel to the places we wanted to go and not use the car was priceless.The staff was super friendly to us. They helped contribute to what was possibly the greatest weekend of my life.  If you're in Montreal and want to enjoy the old city, this is the place to stay.
5	If I were to visit Montreal again, I would stay at this Mariott.  The location is unbeatable, room was nicely decorated and spacious.  Service was at its best.
4	Although the room was a little tight, it was in the old town where real estate is at a premium.  Everything we wanted to do was within walking distance.  The room and bed were quite comfortable.  The best part of this hotel, however, was the outstanding staff.  From the woman who checked us in to the maid service personnel, the staff was friendly, helpful, and conscientious.  The woman who checked us in greeted us by name the following day when we asked for an extra blanket--which arrived at our room before we did!
5	I loved this hotel! We were a very large group of friends and family (40+) traveling to Montreal for 4 nights. The staff was just lovely to us and everything was clean and organized.  The lobby is gorgeous and we had everything we needed, despite it being a popular weekend (July 4th) and the hotel being fully booked. Most of us had regular sized rooms (with a fridge and microwave) but a lucky few (about 20% of the group) ended up with huge rooms simply because they were on the corner of the hotel. So request one of the corner rooms, they are HUGE and not considered suites so there's no extra charge!The hotel is also conveniently located by lots of bars and restaurants in the heart of Old Montreal.  Follow the pretty cobblestone path and you will discover some cute places.  There's tons to do such as bike riding, shopping, eating, drinking and the casino and nightclubs are a short cab ride away. I recently stayed at a Marriott Courtyard in Montreal (because this hotel was fully booked) and I just felt like it was in the middle of nowhere. Trust me, Springhill Suites is where you want to stay!
