1	Just don't come here.All we needed to have done was to have a new tire put on. 1 tire. That's it.Instead we were treated like total garbage for an hour and they threw out our old tire, although we told them not to and which we were going to be refunded for since it didn't blow out but was defective. Quick service (since we sat and waited) but they took our money (came out to around $85 for one tire) and we lost our refund. Plus being treated rudely.Zero stars.
1	This is the worst Canadian tire in the world. I can understand why we wouldn't have a regular enormous store in the middle of the city. But the store is just plain bad. Don't even try to return something. They don't accept returns unless it was bought in that store.
3	Haven't had any major problems here. It's super tiny and crazy, ridiculously crammed, that's fer sure. Don't even think about about trying to use any kind of cart, or spending much time in any one alley - it's too narrow. We only brave this Canadian Tire when we happen to see a flyer with a good deal on something we need. Our experience with the service side has been limited but no frills, no stress.
3	Welcome to your local Canadian Tire Tetris store. We have tried to put everything that you would normally find at a Canadian tire store, but in one quarter the space and piled so high that we occassionally have helicopters come by and drop stuff on to the shelves so that we can claim to have everything all the other Canadian Tire stores have. This is not a store for sumo wrestlers... they would never be able to get by each other. But boy do they know how to pack it in!
4	This is a review for the Gas Station, not the store itself.This one I actually like, I get CT gift cards at a discount and use them to fill up on Gas.I also live down the street, so really appreciated.There's very rarely a wait to get to the pump and the store to pay is so tiny but filled with junk food. They have the old school pumps that seem to give you an extra drop or two.It is located on what must be the coldest and windiest stretch of the Main so be warned when filling up in the 9 months of winter we have here.
