4	I've lived in Vegas for 3 years and somehow I'm just now trying this place! With Great Harvest closed today, no Jimmy Johns nearby, and Jersey Mikes long closed, this was our sandwich place of last resort today. It was surprsingly good. I had the #1.. a basic Italian sub. I would say it's VERY similar to Jersey Mike's and definitely fulfilled a craving. I like that the meats are cut in front of you and they had a nice lineup of hot and cold subs. Nothing mindblowing, but a great solid sub option in my neighborhood. Thank goodness I will never have to resort to Subway with Port of Subs around !
4	Always a good stop for a cold cut sammich, the staff is great, and the fresh cuts and bread have never disappointed.  This has quickly became one my favorite spots to grab a bite.  The time it takes to order and sit down or leave is great, staff seems to be of higher education level than Subway; I never have to repeat myself and I don't need to hold their hand through the entire process.  They know what their doing and the portions and over all look of the sandwich is great!  You can actually taste everything that goes on your food compared to some shops that just taste like bread with sauce on it.
5	This is easily the most friendly location! It's also clean and bright. There's such a huge difference between a sandwich with fresh-sliced meat and one with meat that was cut sometime last week in a factory somewhere. Port of Subs reminds me a lot of Submarina, for those of you from California. My favorite thing about this place? You can make any sandwich a salad. Best part? The employees at this location are not surprised at the request for a salad and they know how to do one right!
3	Most locations are usually the same but this branch's lettuce tends to always be soggy and the bread either over cooked or old.
5	Best location!! They always have great customer service! They get me in and out on my lunch break. The sandwiches are put together well and not all sloppy like some of the other locations make them. Also they actually put a good amount of meat on the sandwiches. I will drive a little further just to go to this location instead of the one by my house. 5 starts from me :)
2	I've been to this location a few times without any issue. I've been a fan of the 2 foot long sandwich deal. Today I want in and ordered a 2 foot long sandwich to go. The person prepping the sandwich skimped on ingredients. They usually load it up, but she only put 5 slices of cheese on the 2 foot long sandwich when she should have put 8. Same for a lot of the meat. Proportionally, there was a lot more bread in my sand which than usual. Disappointed.
3	I was so hoping I'd love Port of Subs because they have so many locations in Vegas but I concluded it's only OK.  The service was good.  Helpful cashier and quick sandwich maker but the product ... meats and cheese were freshly sliced and tasty but the bread wasn't as substantial and wasn't as tasty as some other sandwich shops.  The prices are good but not so good as to overcome the feeling that you're missing out by not spending a bit more across the street.
1	I was next door to this place eating and parked in front of Port of subs and when I came out from lunch the owner of Port of subs came out and yelled at me for parking in front of his business and was very rude and upset that I didn't eat at his location instead I went two the neighbouring business very unprofessional and very rude and the bad part is is that I've eaten there numerous times over the last few years but never again will I go back two this man's place
3	Good, fresh ingredients, and construction technique. A bit over-priced for portion size, specially considering the low-business-quantity location.
1	I'll keep this as short as possible. Came here for a couple sandwiches on a Saturday evening. There were two workers, a guy and a girl. The guy was talking to himself while making the sandwiches. The girl came from out of the back to help. My order could not be completed as requested as the guy said they only had two slices of American cheese. He put the two slices back from where he took them after putting them on the sandwich.As the girl was putting lettuce on the sandwiches she must have put 3 full cups on each. The guy and her were having an extremely difficult time making and finishing these sandwiches. We were the only 2 customers in the building. I finally had to ask the guy if the two of them were baked or on drugs. He got defensive and hostile, but it seemed that he was expecting it. Finally, upon checking out I told the girl I wanted the receipt. She made a motion as if she had put it in the bag, then switched it to her other hand and put it on the left side of the register. I looked in the bag when I picked it up and said I don't see a receipt in here. She proceeded to frantically do a reprint of the receipt. It did not have the cashier name or proof that the transaction was paid by our credit card. I assume that this fiasco was an attempt to keep us from complaining. I would have let it go and left it as an amusing side show had the girl not tried to dupe me with the receipt.In addition, it did not look like the containers were labeled and dated for freshness. The two did not know how old the avocado slices were. The guy was conversing with the girl, blaming it on the morning/afternoon employee and said if the avocados were still there in the morning then toss them. How health code and sanitary savvy. We didn't eat the sandwich with avocados. Went to the trash. The guy also made a comment to the girl about the things he had left to do in the back and said something about getting some me or happy time with a hand gesture.  I don't think I need to elaborate any further on that because it was pretty easy to infer what was going on. Message to the owner; I don't care what your employees are doing on the clock if it does not pose a health risk to me, but you should care deeply how they represent your establishment and company good will. Here is the receipt info so that in the event you do not know what is going on in your establishment and would like to keep your clientele you can address these two fine model employees:Port of subs 922642 horizon702 914 8288Ticket #136 INAmmount $15.06 Payment: charge6455 20:25 #01 AUG.30'14 REG0001
5	Great sandwiches, always fresh ingredients and made to order.  I've been eating here for 4+ years.  Always get the small combo, as the medium is just too much for me to eat.  Bread is baked daily on premise, as are the cookies and brownies.  Always, feel welcome when I walk in this place.  Employees, are friendly and make my sandwich perfectly every time.  Avoid the lunch rush at get there before 12 or after 1:30.  Treat yourself to a brownie or chocolate chip cookie.  They're delicious!
5	Hands down best Port of Subs in town. Not only do you get a good sandwich every time but also such a clean location to eat at if you wish. Has a very friendly, younger staff who does thier best to make your sandwich the way you'd like it. Now with that being said and the main reason i eat there (besides i live in Anthem).....this owner gives back to the community....not only does he support our local high schools but everything kids do in our area he supports. Whether it be soccer.....baseball....lacross....football...etc, he has no problem donating not only food but also sponsors teams....why would you go to anyone else ?I cant even count the times where he says "just a sandwich...here,take this cup on me" Not alot of business owners like this around anymore because of this economy. Im lucky to have this place in my neighborhood and will continue to spend my hard earned money there !!
5	Great service and food, I will be going back.
4	I've been in this location a couple times and it is always very slow. The first time the worker was very professional and nice.However yesterday the girl behind the counter was not so professional. She did not look very clean, shirt was about 4 sizes to big. All around sloppy.The veggies laid out looked old and the lettuce warped a bit "/ The manager has been in both times and is very nice and professional.Overall I will probably return but wasn't impressed.
5	Terrific staff, awesome sandwiches. Omg the fresh made cookies! From the pictures on the wall, the owner seems to do a lot for the community as well.
