5	This is a hole-in-the-wall store.  It is the best handmade, cigar store in Las Vegas!At first I was a little spectical walking in there because there were some older gentlemen that seemed like they didn't want to be bothered.  However, my man and I was guided to the Walk-In Humidor that contains their own hand-made cigars.  Within a minute the manager, Don was in there with us offering suggustions on cigars for both my man and I.  He was genuine and nice, made us feel very comfortable and was very knowegable.  The prices were unbeliabley low and the cigars were of premium quality!  I am so overjoyed with my experience here and will be returning again soon!
5	Find them at: 450 Fremont Street St 171 at Neonopolis towards the Four Queens from where they used to be.  New location as of March 2012 and I'll disagree with the last review, not a hole in the wall (at least not now).  Don and the crew were super nice and I'm glad to add 'hand rolled' beauties to the stock.  Can't wait for the smoke tonight.Of note, this shop runs specials of up to ANY five cigars in the shop for $20 dollars.  SKIP the guys out on the street at Fremont Experience if you're serious and FIND THIS SHOP.  Wanna try your first cigar?  Don and team can find something that wont kill you, or if you're into the bold they'll get you something that'll only "kick your -ss a little bit".  They also do events.Limited selection but all you need with solid advice, and hand rolled at a price that beats everyone around them.
5	Looking for a craft cigar experience Downtown I searched and found Vato in Binion's. Fine place, quality sticks. Then wandering Fremont I stumbled upon Lovo. Within seconds I regretted the $80 I dropped at Vato and wished I had found this place first.Finely tuned selection of their own rolls. Width and breadth of selection is often compensation for lack of understanding or care to curate the offerings. Limited selection is fine with me when the offerings are all stellar like Lovo's are. Apart from just great flavor, most of my picks bore the desirable crystalline flecks of extensive and quality aging. These sticks were well cared for before they left in my bag.Nice expansive lounge in back too, cushy chairs and TVs. Wasn't able to hang around this visit, but a couple hours will be set aside for Lovo next time in Vegas. Also making sure to have a fat roll of bills to drop here next visit. Can't forget that box-pressed Churchill Maduro which I enjoyed for three fantastic hours on Fremont Street.
5	Small Business, cheap and great house blend cigars. Manager made feel welcome and even made fresh pot of coffee. Even though I'm on vacation I will be paying a visit to website and call my order in.
5	They are tucked behind the Heart Attack Grill. Lovo 2 is tucked back there pretty good, so don't be afraid to take a couple extra steps to walk back to it. Lovo usually has a small stand on Fremont St letting people know of their location also. Everyone was extremely friendly. Made us feel like family as soon as we walked in the door. They poured us a glass of fresh, homemade mojitos. They even took our pictures to hang their wall. The owners roll their own cigars. I bought 5 handmade cigars for $20 & had them mail me another 20 cigars. They aren't very internet friendly. For example, their website and FB page don't work properly and aren't user friendly. But don't hesitate to call them or stop by! They are extremely friendly and helpful. I went there in March 2013. I plan on returning there in May 2014 and will update my review if anything is different.
1	CLOSED FOR BUSINESS.Was downtown and wanted to pop in due to the positive reviews. Unfortunately they are now closed.
5	LOVOs HAS NOT CLOSED; IT HAS MOVED. When I read Michael R's most recent review (  8/16/14) that stated that Lovo iCigars has closed I was shocked because it is my favorite place to visit when I frequently visit Las Vegas.  I called them and found that they have NOT CLOSED but rather have MOVED to a temporary, albeit smaller, location until a more tourist-visable location on or very near Tremont can be found. The new location is nearer The El Cortez.  It is: 216 S. 7th St. at the corner of Carson and 7th. This review was posted on 8/19/2014 so in the near future give them a call to see if they have found a more permanent location.
