5	This place just opened 2 days ago. Drinks are amazingly delicious! If you don't want to read everything below, read this. ORDER THEIR FRIES, amazingly crispy with a great garlic sauce!!! Yesterday (12/3), I tried their Taro Milk Tea: got it hot, really creamy and full of flavor but not overly sweetPinenuts Milk Tea: pinenuts were not really my thing, but the milk tea was great. It's not the traditional Taiwanese milk tea. It's made with either English Breakfast or some other kind of black tea that I couldn't completely identify, not with red tea. So if you're expecting red tea, don't. Today, I went in to try some other drinks and their food. I got their house special. It's the 6th page in their menu. You can choose from Juicy Steak, Chicken Steak Cutlet, Fish Fillet Steak, or Sizzling Noodle. All of them come on a sizzling platter, which has a cool feeling when it comes out of the kitchen to your table in this chic ambience, light gray-blue walls, with glass art, print art, and tea sets decorating different cities' names in their bar area. In Chinese, it says you can choose either mushroom sauce or black pepper sauce on the right side, next to the prices of House Special. This is for you non-Chinese reading people. Below that, you see "Soup/Sala/French Fries/Toast" and "Sala" is NOT a typo. That's what it says. I'm sure you can figure out what word that is. Anyway, I chose theChicken Steak Cutlet with Mushroom Sauce: Chicken was so tender, mushroom sauce was an on-the-sweeter-side tomato sauce with canned mushrooms, and the pasta that came on top swirled into the sauce was al dente. It was a great meal for a cheap price.Salad: iceberg, came with a package of ranch on the sideFries: one of the BEST order of fries I have ever had, so crispy and came with a garlic sauceThey're also having a promotion right now until the 7th. If you check in on Facebook, you receive 50% off. I did that yesterday and today. :) Yummy food at half off... service is the typical Chinatown service you would get at most places, so I can't complain too much there. They try to take things away a little earlier than you'd like, but that's the eager beaver in them, right? I would say their drinks are a bit better than Miss, definitely five stars. Their ambience is five stars. Their food is not bad. 4.5... overall. I will be back, even after their sale.
5	Nice handout place with friends , free wifi,  also do not miss Juicy Steak....
5	Icy Juicy is now in the spot which once was Quickly except under new ownership. The place is remodeled to a more modern theme playing hip C-POP and K-POP over the speakers. The menu to me would have to mirror Tea Planet. The drinks are just as good or even better than Tea Planet. I got the tapioca milk green tea, milk tea, and passion fruit green tea. The drinks had just the right amount of tea flavor and syrup to achieve the perfect balance. The boba is also cooked to the right consistency, chewy yet still keeps its shape. I know how a lot of boba places butcher their bobas. The food/snacks they have are also similar to Tea Planet. However, the one thing that is a MUST TRY is their SNOW ICE. It's not those chunky pieces of ice but SHHAAAVVEEED. The ice is so fluffy like snow and you can't even tell its chunks of ice. I ordered the passion fruit & pineapple snow ice and it came in a decent size shareable for 2-3 people. Overall I would definetely come back to this place. Especially for their drinks and SNOW ICE!Recommend: Passionfruit & pineapple snow ice, passion fruit green tea, and the steak!!!!
4	A flaw of mine is that I usually do not know how to rationalize and spread out the joys in life. When I go out, I go all out. The string of reviews did not happen in a series of days, but all in one.I had some time to kill after getting my haircut and before I had to pick up my sister. Vetoing the gym for a day of relaxation, little did I know I would fall so far off the bandwagon. I started by ordering a large Grapefruit Green Tea with Aloe Vera ($5.00) thinking it would be a 24oz serving, but it came out in a mug that puts Hofbrauhaus to shame. The tea is bold and not bitter at all. The grapefruit flavor is light and not too sweet. The aloe vera were large chunks and came in a generous portion. Then the next step was where I went horribly wrong. I ordered a Rose Yogurt ($3.75). Little did I know it was another drink. I thought it was going to be frozen yogurt since the bottom of the page were lined with pictures of this creamy treat. When the employees asked me if I wanted to wait for it, I was a little thrown off, but it should have been a clue. The Rose Yogurt reminded me of those little bottles of yogurt drink  I use to get from the Asian supermarkets. It was ok. I would totally stick to the teas. The best part, my folly was not that bad since they are running a special. Until December 7th, tomorrow, they are doing half off drinks if you check in on Facebook and like them. So both of my drinks came out to be five dollars and some change. The staff is nice, but there is a language barrier. I don't speak Chinese, but the barista kept talking to me in Chinese. The waitress roughly translated, so I got the gist of it. As previously stated, this is a great place for late night boba action since they are open until 2am.
3	Me no speak Chinese....for once I blame my parents for not making me Asian enough to survive in a restaurant.  Lacking any Mandarin speaking skills is a disadvatange at this establishment, since many of the waitresses have limited English.  I had to wait until a Chinese speaking friend arrived in order to ensure my drink/food order was not confused. The following is an excerpt stolen from their FB page describing the restaurant...."Description : Best handout place in town" I'm pretty sure there are no handouts here....but they did have a 50% off drinks only special up until today, so that was a bonus.  If anyone speaks Chinese and reads this review...maybe mention it to the owner at your next visit so they can correct this little typo =)On to the drinks and food....pretty average in my opinion...on par with Tea Planet...if anything I would call it Tea Planet 2.0.  There is a larger food menu than tea planet, but the drinks seem fairly similar in taste and price. They also have a shave ice with fruit selection that looks pretty yummy similar to tea planet as well.  I do like the music selection....reminds me of my ghetto fab days (a little hip hop/rap mix).The food is the general Taiwanese cafe selection with a wide assortment of finger foods as well (tea eggs, fried chicken, fries, onion rings, etc).  We tried the taiwanese pork chop with rice, which is better than Taiwan Deli's version.  Also we tried the minced pork over rice, which is better than Noodle Pot's...but in the end I thought to myself I wish Ay-Chung would resurrect so that I no longer have to go in search of good Taiwanese food.   We also tried the fries....while very crispy with a garlic/paprika powder on top...was not exceptional in my opinion.Overall, will be back to try the dessert here and maybe the drinks....food left me saying "meh."
3	Still just average in terms of drinks...but this is a review for the night time crowd.  Very young, as in teenager/high school kids hanging out.....so if you are an adult...you may want to find a different location for socializing in the evening time.
4	Service is quick.  The boba tea I ordered was as expected.  The waitresses are eager to greet and serve the customers (maybe because I was the only one there at the time).Anyway, the menu does remind me of boba chains in California and also Tea Station/Tea Planet.  So I will have to go back and get some food to go with the refreshments.  Updates to come.For now, I would give it a 3.5 star.
2	Went there for the first time today. It wasn't busy at all. Only two other tables of two. They sat us quickly, but it was another 15 minutes before they decided that it was time to take our order. Even though we had tried waving them over a couple times. After one of the servers took our order.. two minutes later another server came to take our order. We told him we already ordered. So, safe to say, they need better communication. For whatever reason, it took them about another 7 minutes to get out my drink. The two others in my party got their drinks pretty quickly. So, over all, 22 minutes to get a simple drink? And a mediocre one at that? No thanks. The food looks good, but thank god I didn't order it... might've been there for another hour.Would I go back? I probably would to try the food... but only if someone else wanted to go there first. I won't be the one to suggest this place to my friends.
2	Very new place...employees still seem a bit lost. They didn't know what add ons were available on the menu. Regardless, we got the following:Papaya coconut milk: Fresh/frozen papaya which is nice instead of the syrup. It tasted quite good, though the papaya taste was a bit faint. Good idea though.Milk tea: Normal, but it was actually quite delicious. Your average, light, milk tea.Green tea no sugar with pudding and grass jelly: Green tea was normal green tea...no floral scents/jasmine in it. It was pretty average and nothing special. Grass jelly didn't have much flavor, but my real complaint was the PUDDING. I honestly felt like they mixed up the sugar with CHALK. The consistency was chalky/gritty and it was barely sweet! It also was even a bit SALTY! It was so bad that I had to ask them to make me another drink without the pudding! DO NOT GET THE PUDDING.Anyway, overall I'd still rather go to tea station. The tea is much better and so are the toppings.
5	come here 3 days a week since its grand opening. Extremely love this place, thousand time beats any boba tea shop in Vegas. Their portion is  huge and the price is very reasonable :P I love ice mix  fruit bowl and popcorn chicken.. so freaking food  strongly recommend place for everyone :)
5	Great prices. Friendly service. Great tasting boba & tea. What more can you ask for in an Asian establishment ; ) I'm a fan : )
4	This is going to be my new place to be at. I'm always going to get some flavor of shaved ice along with an appetizer. I think it fits well together. I usually like to eat something dry and something wet to balance each other out. If you get what I mean.Anywho, you pick a type of snow ice (there's multiple toppings) and then you can pick the flavor of the ice. There's 3 types: milk, green tea, and mango. If you get a chance, try all 3 and see which you prefer. I've only tried the milk flavor.It's different from the shaved ice I've had in Cali (Class 302, for example). It's sticky and the Cali ones aren't like this. Either way, this is probably the best you'll get in Vegas. The shaved ice in Cali are amazing. But this is snow ice so I'm not sure if that difference matters.. yet. The 3 dishes I've managed to get here (deep fried squid, Taiwanese sausage, and fried tempura) are all pretty good. I'm surprised. I was also really cold on my second visit and decided to get this hot drink - coconut milk tea (I usually get the cold version) and it was VERY yummy. I love it. Coconut isn't most people's thing so get the flavor you want. But I loved it. It was so yummy. I'll definitely be getting it again and again. If you get drinks a lot here, get a stamp card. The prices add up.The service has been friendly. It's easy to call them over - just let them know you need something. It's probably cause they're a new place so their service isn't crappy (at least none that I've had). I'm going to end up trying all the food on the menu. They've also got different flavors of toast! If it's your thing, give it a try.Definitely give this place a chance. There's some grand opening specials right now. One of them is a 10% off to-go drinks. There is also a $15 credit card limit. Bring cash.
4	New fobtastic hangout? Why wasn't this place opened when Cue D's was still poppin? Ah well.This shopping centre is having some type of resurgence of business, and this boba place is riding on its coattails.What's there to say about this place? There's nothing extraordinary. They serve boba - one size though. They serve Asia snacks. The service is very Asia-Asia. The place looks typical. But you can still hangout, chill out, and have a conversation with friends here.Nothing bad or nothing good about this place, but leading more toward good. Four stars!
3	prices are cheaper than tea planet/ stationIt was a clean environment.
2	Icy Juicy has been open a few weeks now and I was in the area so I decided to forgo my normal boba spots and give them a try.There were two other customers when I walked in, one was already seated with his food. All I wanted was a drink, so I walked right up to the cashier to order. It took 3 people to ring up my order, apparently there was some confusion on how to properly charge me for boba in my honeydew milk tea. Or maybe there was a language barrier. I don't know, but the ordering process certainly could have been smoother. Total came to $5.68. The waitress didn't say anything to me after I paid... so I stood there for a few minutes, feeling awkward and in the way. After a couple minutes I decided to sit down, wondering what the deal was.A full ten minutes later my drink was ready. It tasted gritty, likely due to the instant creamer used. The cup had a normal lid, not the fancy seal I have come to expect from boba tea shops. Overall, I am pretty unimpressed. There are just far too many places in the area where I can get better tasting drinks at the same price or less, with better service then I received at Icy Juicy. On to the next one...
4	Pretty good place for boba that's NOT in the San Gabriel Valley area in California!Additions such as boba, lychee jelly, clear jelly, grass jelly, etc are $0.50.Upgrading to a large is an extra $1.00I ordered the large peach green tea with boba which came out to be $5.00 flat (excluding tax).You can never go wrong with peach green tea, and I was right! The drink wasn't too sweet or too bland. Although the mint green tea wasn't as good as Le Arbre's, it was still tasty.The fried food (fries and chicken) is delicious and they are very generous with the spicy powder. Definitely a good tea house place! The workers were patient and friendly even though they were near closing time.
4	I discovered this place on Yelp (thank you, fellow yelpers!) and decided to give it a try.   Having had snow ice in LA, I was pleasantly surprised to find a place in Las Vegas that also offers this delicious, refreshing dessert. The fresh fruit and mochi toppings are good. The service is good and the owner is nice, will ask for feedback and seems to appreciate your patronage.I'm not going to lie. It is a little FOB-y with the Chinese-to-English translations like "top sales" instead of "best sellers" or "sala" instead of "salad" but you tend to overlook these things because the snow ice (which comes in green tea, taro, mango or milk flavors) are so good. I'm told the food is good too but I haven't tried any yet, so I will take advantage of their "free drink with lunch entree" offer next time.I would rate this place a solid 4 stars or maybe a little more. I only wish they offered even more authentic Taiwanese toppings like rice balls and fresh taro (which could also be used in hot grass jelly). That would definitely elevate this to a 5.
3	Another decent place to get Boba in Vegas ! I wanted to just go in and grab a drink, but the set - up was pretty awkward. We had to sit down at a table (despite the fact that we just wanted a drink - to go) and then had to pay our bill at the table (hrm do I tip 20% for a freaking boba drink carried 5 feet?). Despite that, the drinks were pretty good. I had a Thai Iced tea with boba. Tons and tons of boba and it was of good quality. Drink itself was just ok. It's hard to justify going back with so many other options in the neighborhood!
4	I heard it before. But i ve never been there. So today i give it a try. I ordered a milk tea and my girlfriend ordered the kiwi snow ice. The milk tea taste like the one in tea planet for a cheaper price. Then i saw the one who made it actually work at tea planet. The snow ice looks so pretty and it taste like ice cream. It is worth to try it. It is a good place and hangout with friend but not with your parents.
2	Came to this place for dessert after a great meal at Soyo (again) because been hearing good things about this place. Ordered the monster style toast. It's good but NOT $12.99 good. I mean it's a glorified honey toast that Ichiza or Shuseki has for $7 with a strawberry and kiwi and whipped cream with two vanilla and chocolate sticks minus the honey. I don't mind paying for good food, but is ONE cut up strawberry and 2 slices of Kiwi and whipped cream and 2 crunchy yummy sticks really worth $5.99 more? $9.99 would have been reasonable and would have garnered them a 3 star. Service wasn't bad but merely non-existent. Pretty full place for a Wed night and seemed like there were 3 guys working but only one who is capable of taking orders and bringing the check. Had to ask for both.
3	Cute little place next to Cue D's. Came here to check this place out and catch up with friends. They offer wi-fi [: I ordered the green apple green tea with grass jelly. Sounds weird right? Even the guy who took my order asked me if I was sure. It tasted good though. Not too sweet. When my friends arrived they ordered minced pork rice, crispy chicken rice, and fried tofu. The minced pork was meh... crispy chicken was average. I didn't like the fried tofu, but that might be because I tried it when it was soggy ]: At the end we ordered the monster styled toast. It was good, but definitely not worth the price. I guess it was okay since it took 4 of us to finish it. The staff is friendly and the place is clean. Overall a decent place to get some drinks.
3	I'm glad this place opened, because decent Taiwanese food is scarce, and this place had good Taiwanese food comparing to the other places in town.
1	all this hype about a new taiwanese restaurant?!?!?!  I am taiwanese so i know what to order to test out it's authenticity and i was a little disappointed.As you all know there are actually no good taiwanese restaurants in Vegas so when everyone started talking about this place i had to stop in and order some "taiwanese" popcorn chicken.  DISAPPOINTED!  The service was nothing to brag about either.  I will probably not be going back for anything else unless someone DRAGS me there.
4	Vegas finally has shaved snow!!!! when my friend mentioned to me that this place just opened and they have shaved snow i was excited to try it because i've been waiting for vegas to open up a shaved snow restaurant..When I first went we ordered the green tea mixed fruit shaved snow.. subsequent times i've gone i've only ordered the regular or green tea flavors... Everytime I'm in town I make sure I go to icy juicy to get my fix... they also serve a range of bobas and snack foods... their boba is good, their food is good.. all in all it's a very relaxed place to go if you want some desserts and boba
3	Decided not to come back because last time I was very disappointed with the super expensive honey toast ( cant remember the name all I know is $12.99) and it wasn't that good but had to come back because we couldnt find anywhere else to play card. At least this place has a better service than tea station tho. Overall is not that bad just a little bit pricey.
3	this is my second time there. i was little disappointed this time. my girlfriend and i ordered a milktea and snow ice. it was as good as last time. and we ordered the vegetables in oil. the portion was unexpectedly small. it was like some leftover from the other table. and it was too salty. we told the waiter it was too salty , then they made another one. it was less salty but still salty. except for the vegetables,  everything was fine.
3	(+) There was a huge variety of flavored milk teas(-) The almond milk tea... I can make it myself with almond powder and it'll taste the same(-) Rose milk tea lacked flavorAverage milk tea cafe. Price is around $3ish and up
4	Another bookmarked place that I can check off my list.  Icy Juicy has desserts with snow ice, not shaved ice, and boy, oh boy, is it good stuff!  After trying out I-Naba for dinner with my food partner-in-crime, I drove over here and the parking lot was packed. The plaza has a motley crew of businesses:  a couple of Chinese restaurants, a karaoke bar, and a pool hall, to name a few.  Zeroing in on Icy Juicy, though, I walked in, sat on a couch, and perused the menu of treats offered.  There was a sign out front that offered 10% off of drinks to go if you checked in or "liked" them, but I wanted to enjoy my dessert with the Asian teens and pretend I was in Taiwan.  Plus, my order of Strawberry Mango snow ice would have been difficult to eat in the car because it was big!  The strawberries and mango pieces were sweet and juicy and the snow ice really is snowy--totally different than shaved ice.  I loved every bite!
5	It's one of the best boba place in vegas. I, just like many many many other people, am addicted to their steak (with black pepper sauce). It is freaking delicious. Trust me guys, you gotta try the steak. Drinks are just like any other boba place but a little cheaper. Parking can be an issue sometimes but that's because lazy people like me don't wanna walk at all. It's a great place to chill. And did i mention they have really good steak????
3	When I go into a cafe, I base my overall judgement on a number of aspects 1) Ambiance 2) Music 3) Quality of food 4) Friendliness of servers 5) Menu options 6) Price range etc.My mom and I were randomly craving some cold drinks on a hot Sunday afternoon. We happened to be having lunch at HK Star just a couple of stores away and crossed over here to try out what they had. I really can't say the place was bad - no, not at all, but I could say that I've been to better cafes before. The hostess was pretty friendly when I asked about their specialty drinks and recommended that I ordered a mango kumquat green tea which was strinkingly good. This place was definitely great for a stop and take-out order but I wouldn't go here to spend a day for talks and chit-chat. I can't quite put my finger on it but the place was a tad bit dark, too much unnecessary space, no theme or concept on their decoration whatsoever and the music was not exactly something you could just push into the background and chill. Not bad, not great as well.
1	So a good friend of mine and I decided to eat somewhere different this time, and ended up eating at this place.Well showing up here was DEFINITELY a mistake! First off, the waitress didn't know ANY answers to our questions about the food. I mean come on, REALLY!? How are you going to sell your food if you don't crap about it?! Second, the service sucked from that waitress, she never checked up on us. I mean if this is a cafe, I expect at LEAST some type of friendly service.  Third, the food was HORRIBLE. We didn't even want to pay the bill. Plus we BARELY touched our food. The crispy chicken was too salty, and the milk tea lacked flavor. We basically payed $8 for only eating the rice and eggs. WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME!I would've rather spent my money on a $5.00 expensive milk tea at tea station due to its HIGH QUALITY. Never spending another dime on this place ever again.
2	I have been to Icy Juicy several times now, and although I gave this business four stars in my initial review, I feel it necessary to downgrade now that I've tried several things.I really detest the milk tea.  I don't like the flavor at all.  It's really unique, and it's really "not my cup of tea."  Literally.  I won't get it again.  I also don't like the clientele.  The place seems to be frequented by a lot of boisterous hipsters who are more than willing to crowd you or scream in your ear.  It's kind of obnoxious.  Other places can be loud too (like Tea Station), but this is a whole other level of crazy.  I think it's because the crowd is really, really young.  I'm a substitute teacher.  I'm around kids all day.  I don't wanna be around kids at midnight while I'm getting my boba on.  Oh, and the service has been really spotty.  Sometimes the workers are friendly, sometimes they look at me like they wanna give me a bitchslap.I really can't see a conceivable circumstance during which I would return to Icy Juicy.  Ive tried enough and seen enough.  I'm over it.
2	Two stars for its drinks and shave ice its not bad, pretty decent for a place in vegas but DONT ever order any food from here. My friend and I came here one night to try out the pork chops with steam veggies and scramble eggs and man!!! what a huge disappointment to all chef/owners.Chop are dry as a mummy, the flour on the chops were raw i could still taste the starch plus the paprika was just sprinkled on, you must cook it to releases flavors. Eggs was cold, steam veggies are half way cooked, and rice was only hot in the middle with sauce and oil all over the plate. Please if your gonna have food do it properly or hire someone that can cook like a pro.
4	For those taiwanese cuisine lover, this place probably has the best fried chicken rice in las vegas. Wonderfully battered and absolutely crunchy. I havent really try all the other stuff but as long as it takes my mind away from San Gabriel "Old Country Cafe" then it should do me just fine since I am now living in Las Vegas. The service are not great since the chinese girl seems to only know 50 % of english vocabulary, but if you speak chinese mandarin, you should be just fine. The boba tea has too much milk, so maybe next time I have to order with less milk. You should at least try it and just dont worry about the service, its a chinese restaurant.
4	Okay so its defiinitely not our famous Taiwanese Shaved ice shop: Class 302 in Rowland Heights, CA...**WHich is to die for!*** But I would say its up there for Las Vegas...If you aren't near Class 302...have the luxury of stopping by this neat creamy shaved ice dessert place and get $15 hour long leg massages across the street... you should surely give this place a try... (This place may be a 2.5-3.0 for all who fits this category)Their milk tea: plenty...refreshing and tasty.  Boba was soft.Shaved ice: a bit different..Had Taro flavored shaved ice, with fresh fruits and mochi bites.  The serving was a bit smaller ...two people could share but that's stretching it a bit.  Lots of fruits and mochi.  It was pretty refreshing.  I also had their chicken wings...it could have been better as it was a little on the salty side.  I couldn't finish it.  The skin was not consistent...it was crunchy in some places...and burnt in others...The bf ended up eating it all so none went to waste. :)If i still reside in vegas...I would be back...because you have my heart for shaved ice.  Keep up the good work! :)Had to dock a point off because once you' ve tried CLASS 302..you'll know exactly why.  Sorry! ...but happy desserting Yelpers!TK
4	If I'm in Vegas, & I'm craving milk tea or snow ice, I'll definitely come back here again.  So far, I've only tried their fried tofu (so so), fried squid/calamari (good), green milk tea (good & sweet), rose milk tea (good, but not as sweet as the green milk tea), & chicken curry plate (pretty good; a lot to eat for even 2 people sharing it).  So yeah, I wouldn't mind coming back here for a 2nd time. I have yet to try their "fluff ice." :)
2	The owner is a cheap ass. I ordered the juicy steak cooked at medium, it came out rare. I had them cook it again and add some more sauce so it wouldn't dry out. When we got the check, we discovered they charged a whole dollar just for a little bit of extra sauce. Maybe if the sauce was something amazing i would understand, but it was so salty it made my food so hard to eat. They could have at least told us there would be an extra charge.
4	Their Taro Snow Ice and Chi Pai Fan is to die for. Awesome.Tried their famous STEAK...but nah! didn't it so much...May be it's just me!Service: Not so good. Considering they are a small set up, they should have been a little more attentive towards tables.Good thing is they are open pretty late and anytime i crave for good dessert, i know where to go!
4	Icy Juicy is a great spot if you want catch up and hangout with your friends. They have playing cards and other games for you to play with while waiting for you order. They even have music :-D.The menu has plenty of items to choose from such as appetizers, entrees, drinks, and desserts. My personal favorites are the Hot Almond milk tea, Thai tea, and the Honey Milk Toast, and the Monster Toast (which consist of a huge toasted bread, ice cream, strawberries, ect..)!The workers are friendly to everyone and greet every customer that walks in the door. Always puts a smile on my face :)When the place gets busy, it will take a while to place an order or to get a tables because no one wants to leave this awesome place. Overall love to come here to cheap but great quality boboa drinks and dessert with friends.
4	I have only tried the Supreme (Deluxe? I forgot xD) Toast here and their peach green tea, but from these two things, I think this place is pretty good, not the best, but the drinks are good for the price. Of course, there are other places that are just as good or better than this place, but this place is slightly cheaper.  Also, they barely put any ice in the drink, which I'm very happy with :) This place is now my go-to place whenever I want Asian drinks and don't want to drive down to Tea Station.The toast that I had was over-priced... ice cream was small, barely any fruits... and it tasted ok... I want honey toast from Ichiza or Shuseiki more...
4	Since the Las Vegas foodie fest, I have been on a mission to find something comparable to fluff ice. To date, this is the best that I've discovered. I ordered a mango and strawberry snow ice (taro flavor) and a watermelon slush with boba. The snow ice was so good! The portion was large and the fruit was really fresh. I loved the mochi bites in it too. The slush was mediocre. It was bland and there wasn't much boba in it. Service was good, the place was very clean and the staff was friendly.I will be back shortly to give their slushes another try plus I want to try the monster toast!A side note, Icy Juicy's credit card minimum is $15.00 which I found a bit steep especially if you're only buying dessert or never carry cash.
3	IMO, I think this place has the best shaved ice in Vegas, and here is why:- Shave ice at this place comes in 4 flavors: green tea, condensed milk, mango, and either taro or red bean (not sure about the last flavor).- Unlike most other places I tried, I think this place mixed the flavor into the water before freezing it. Thus when they shave the ice, the flavor is already evenly distributed into the shaved ice. I think this is also what give the shaved ice nice silky texture.- They are very generous with fruit topping. I recommend go with the mango and stay away from the red bean. The sweetness of red bean make the whole thing too sweet.Now here why I give the place on three stars instead of five: Except the rose tea boba, I think their other boba drinks are just average. Their shaved ice is also a little more expensive than other place and they don't have the lid for the shaved ice cup if you need it to go.
5	I got taro tea smoothie! It was sooo good! The prices were great too;)
4	AWESOME DESSERT PLACEI would highly recommend you getting the honey toast or any shaved ice dessert.The honey toast consist of buteered up bread with ice cream in the middle with two piroulines. so frekaing good.. Or you may want to indulge yourself with there shave ice and fruit on a hot vegas summer day! I love thispalce i usually come here for dessert. I have there menu it was decent but i would just stick with dessert for this place.
4	With all the hype, we decided to stop by for a dessert.  We got the mixed fruit shaved ice ($6).  There are different flavors of ice (mango, milk, green tea, taro), but we opted for the mango.  Initially, we wanted the green mango shaved ice, but our friendly waitress recommended the mixed fruit since it is fresh fruit vs. the powder used for the green mango.  The shaved ice was so beautifully presented.  It looked like a piece of art.  The mango ice was topped with fresh kiwi and strawberry slices, condensed milk, and mochi bits.  We enjoyed every bit of it.  Additionally, while we were enjoying our dessert, we observed one of the staff washing and cleaning the strawberries, one berry at a time.  That level of detail provided me assurance of the cleanliness of this establishment.Forgot to mention that prior to receiving the shaved ice, the nice waitress brought out two glass of ice water for us, without us even requesting for water!  That's awesome customer service.  I'm a fan.
4	Ah, so many great memories at Icy Juicy. This is a GREAT place to just sit and catch up with your friends. Few Things:Shaved Ice: MONEY. It's beautiful inside and out..of your mouth. I always get the strawberry mango with greentea ice. It has a great consistency. Their drinks are also decent. Their barley green milk tea is great with aloe jelly. I also had their royal milk tea and did not enjoy it much. Their employees are a bit foreign so it might be hard understanding both ways.
4	Perfect get-to-know-each-other date place. Small and quiet. Family-owned business. Drinks are very good. I had a strawberry slush, which delivered me brain freezes most of the time, but I accepted them well lol. My fault for drinking it so quick! They had food on the menu, so that's next on my list is to try the food.
3	I practically live at the pool hall next door therefore I've seen this place transition everyday from when it was called Quickly's until they remodeled it into Icy Juicy. I admit, the only reason why I went here in the beginning was because it was conveniently located right next to where I always hang out, but over time, I found myself constantly coming back for more.To sum it up, Icy Juicy's drinks are comparable to the ever so popular Tea Station[Planet].  The drinks are delicious, atmosphere very relaxed, perfect for big group meet ups. However,  keep in mind for those who are not used to going to these types of Asian owned establishments in the China Town area...it is extremely Asian! (Chinese waiters, Chinese music, Chinese writing on menus and mostly Chinese/Asian regulars). If you're expecting diversity, not a cultural experience, then go elsewhere. Icy Juicy serves not only milk teas (approx. $3-$5), but also has the typical snow ice/shaved ice (approx. $5-$6), slushies (approx. $5), and flavored teas (approx.$4-$5).  All of their milk teas are very flavorful, dark yet equally milky. My favorite to order of all time is their royal milk tea (has a ginger taste to it), milk tea (rich and heavy with the perfect combo of creme), and their green milk tea (a light  refreshing drink, more tea than creme). Their boba is also very good, always soft and because of their popularity, always made regularly and fresh. If you're not a fan of boba, try their lychee/ coffee jelly instead. It is guaranteed to renew your taste buds. They also have finger snacks such as spicy chicken (approx.. $5), and a variety of other fried finger foods coming in at second best (approx. $4-$6), and entrees coming in last (approx. $8-$12). My favorite snack of all time is their spicy chicken, and their crispy squid. Both are very deliciously, and have flavorful batter that tastes like garlic and chili spices, rather than just meat dipped in flour that was deep fried. If you're here to drink tea and eat snacks, it's a perfect combination. But if you're here expecting to get a quality meal, my suggestion is to save your money and go eat elsewhere, then come for drinks/ desserts afterwards. They claim to have "Taiwanese" food, yet a lot of it is not authentic and poorly executed. If you have to eat there, my suggestion is to try the pork chop rice ($8---2 large pieces of pork chop, eggs & cabbage, ground pork, rice), and their specialty sizzling noodle ($12). Those are the only 2 that I think is worth it. IMO, their soups are the worse (flavorless and taste like water). So if I have many good things to say about this place, why did I give it only 3 stars? Don't get me wrong, their drinks are delicious, and when it comes down to a boba shop, taste is really all that matters. However, the main reason why this place was set back a star on my list is because of it's often lacking service. To be fair, there are certain waitresses here (all Asian and most cannot speak English fluently) are very sweet.. yet there are a few who work during the late night shifts that I hate to deal with whenever I come in. They are 2 girls in particular who are very inattentive, distant and seem almost unwilling to help just because I do not speak Chinese to make it easier for them. On top of that, when this place gets busy and I mean they often get full house/ full lobby during late nights and weekend, it's often very hard to get any service, especially if you are not part of a big group they  trying to serve first. This place could use more staff in my opinion and tables (even though I don't think that's possible just  because it's not a very big place.. they would have to do some major reconstruction)..Overall, aside from those minor flaws,  I definitely recommend Icy Juicy for anyone interested in making pit stops and trying out the Asian boba culture for the first time. *CASH ONLY BTW!*
2	We went in there to grab some Slush drinks w/ Boba and coffee jelly.  My sister got the cappacino slush with coffee jelly highly recommend it.  I got the Mango slush with boba the mango was delish however I do think they added to extra (some kind of sweetner) so it made both drinks extremely sweet.  So I have definitey had better but it's not a bad place.  The restaurant in itself was nice, decent size, seems like a great place to just hang out with  a small group or with a date etc....They do offer food but we did not try any of the food tehre.
2	Yeah I don't know what all the hype about this place is about.The first time I heard about this place was when my friend told me that Icy Juicy makes drinks comparable to those at Tea Station, but at a cheaper price. Being the boba lover that I am, I wanted to try this place out for myself. The first time I went , I was on my way home from work so I wanted to place an order for take-out. When I went in, the waitress handed me the menu and was literally tapping her foot while I perused the menu as if to say "Hurry up, you're wasting my time!" And mind you, it took me less than 2 minutes to decide what I wanted. Then when I reached in my wallet to pay with my debit card, she said, "We can't use card for purchases under $10 (it could've been $15, I forgot)." Nowhere at the cash register was there a sign telling me that they didn't accept cards for orders under such and such. Luckily I did have cash with me that day or otherwise it would've been game over. Their peppermint milk tea is almost the same as the one at Tea Station, I'll give them that. The boba is a bit too soft for me, almost as if it's been sitting in the pot for too long. Prices are decent, about $2-$4 for a drink. They do have cooked dishes and snack options, but I have not tried any so far. Icy Juicy is open late so I suppose it is an alternative to Tea Station, but I honestly don't see what the big deal is about. Perhaps I need to give this place another try.
4	my experience started on a saturday night when i was having another shaved ice craving.. so i decided to try icy juicy, since this is the place that everyone is talking about.  i chose the mixed fruits shaved ice with milk flavored ice (the other choices are mango, green tea, etc).  it was 6 dollars so i ordered a jasmine tea boba too, which was 2.75 i think.  i asked if i could have extra condensed milk on my shaved ice and she said that there is no condensed milk.. which is not true.. so beware of the language barrier! anyways, the drink was excellent, not too milky, not too sweet, not too much ice, and it came in a cute tall mug.  the shaved ice was very fine and fluffy (GOOD!) and it was slightly sweet (kinda almondy or green tea-ish) unlike other places, cough cough fresh cup cafe which gives you hard, grainy pieces of unflavored ice.  also the ice was really sticky, kind of like a spider web which gave it an interesting texture.  my mom didn't like it but i thought it was pretty cool because i think it prevented the ice from melting as fast as other places do.  the mixed fruit shaved ice comes with huge pieces of mango, kiwi, strawberry, mochi, and a sprinkle of condensed milk.  the portion was quite huge and me and my mom couldn't finish it..so bring a few friends to share a bowl.  overall, it was not bad.  it fulfilled my requirements of good shaved ice (flavorful, fluffy, and not melty).oh, and when we asked for the bill, they didn't seem to understand what that was.. so we just left our money and extra for tip.  anyways, this seems like a really good place to eat. the people at the table next to us were eating soup noodles that looked really tasty.  the tables are clean, the service isn't bad, the music is great (lots of S.H.E and stefanie sun) and the food and drinks are good.  i'll be sure to come back again and order that soup noodle!
4	by far the best milk tea in vegas!! they're milk tea is equivalent to the milk tea in L.A... not too sweet and the boba is chewy and fresh!
2	I went here a couple months back and I've got to say they really need to improve their customer service.Me and my boyfriend wanted to grab a quick bite before heading out with our friends. I really was craving some shaved iced so Icy Juicy it was. Upon entering the restaurant, there wasn't enough tables. We stood waiting for about 10 minutes or so and when we finally got seated they didn't have enough menus. The waitress told us we would have to wait since a bigger party came in and took all the menus. After the huge party was done ordering, the waitress gathered the menus and didn't even remember to give us one. I had to remind her! Afterwards, we placed our order. We waited what seemed like 20-30 minutes. When we finally got our order (we ordered an actual dish as well), the waitress and waiter were confused. They couldn't remember WHO ordered that dish. I watched across the restaurant as the waiter questioned the waitress. I waited about 3 minutes to finally confirm that the mystery-ordered dish was mine and my boyfriend's. Overall the wait for this place is horrible! They really need someone who speaks English.
3	I give Icy Juicy a 3.5 star. The place is nice and cool. It was my first time there. The shaved ice cream was good I had the green tea ice cream with mixed fruit. For me I think they put to much condensed milk, but that just me. My friend try the yogurt smoothie thingy and she didn't drink it cause it was also to sweet for her. The ice cream is good and the other stuff they had look very good. I think it worth trying, if you have a sweet tooth. The services was excellent. The place was clean and seem like a really good place to hang out.
1	revisited this place.. this time in search of yummy chinese food.  what did we receive? very unyummy chinese food.  our party of four ordered the special iron pan noodles (sorry i don't know what it's called in english) which came with salad and soup, strawberry and mango snow ice, and takoyaki.  lets start with what came first.. we ordered four cups of ice water.. and instead received four cups of warm water.. gross!  how can you manage to mess up on water??next, came the soup and salad.  this "soup" was half strainings of creamed corn and half water.  what do i mean by strainings? i mean the water that comes with your can of creamed corn that normal people throw away.  double gross!  the salad was a few pieces of lettuce and cheap hidden valley ranch.  needless to say, these two were barely touched for the rest of the meal.next was the takoyaki.  i don't eat seafood but according to my friends, the black sauce that they pour on top tastes like chinese medicine.  it must be really bad for them to make that kind of analogy..then our iron pan noodles (this is a direct translation of the chinese name) with black pepper sauce came.  the noodles were SPAGHETTI noodles.  anyone who spends enough time in a mall food court knows that these are the type of noodles that cheapy chinese places use.  the sauce that they slathered the noodles with was not exactly spicy.. but it made your mouth and throat burn.  either way, it wasn't appetizing and neither was their dried up piece of egg that they cracked onto the hot pan.last to come was our strawberry flavored snow ice with strawberry and mango.  this was actually better than the milk flavored snow ice that i ordered in my previous review.  read that review to find out more details about the snow ice here!finally, i came to icy juicy because i thought that it would be a good place to impress my friends with on our casual meal.  at the end of the meal, i ended up apologizing to them for forcing them to eat such crappy food.  the bill came out to 21 dollars.. which is actually pretty cheap for all that food.. but it is the type of food that i wouldn't eat even if it was free.. the service this time was a little below average.  we had to chase the waitress down for our bill and extra utensils (for some reason, they felt that a fork and a pair of chopsticks was enough for 4 people).  i have no reason to come here anymore unless all i want to order is a drink.
5	This place totally rocks, have been here countless times.  Love the chicken steak, and the drinks here.
5	Icy Juicy is a quint little place, hidden in a corner of a plaza. I almost didn't find it. BUT the desserts, here, are ~delicious~ (Yes, its a HUGE but).I had the hokaiddo milk tea with coffee jelly (uber sweet half way), strawberry mango snow ice, and monster style toast. They weren't lying about the toast being MONSTER, oh, and I would recommend a 4-person group ordering this, empty stomach or not.Its good. I would go there for dessert FOR SURE, and next time I'll go, I'll sample the lunch menu... maybe.
4	A nice place to chill out between errands. They have free Wi-Fi. You get 10% off if you show your Fb check-in. Good milk teas, Taiwanese dishes& good service.
5	Came here just for the Juicy Steak (taiwanese style) ! Been looking in Las Vegas for another place that had Taiwanese-style pepper steak and finally found one! Saw on the newspaper awhile back about it, but never came until today.The Taiwanese-style pepper steak is 12.95 that comes with a soup, salad, and in the dish itself an egg and noodles as well. There are two options of whether you want the mushroom sauce or the black pepper sauce. I opted for the black pepper sauce. The server also ask the type of sauce and degree of wellness on the steak.The dish comes out on a hot plate making it sizzle and the aroma spreading in the air quickly. The portion is really filling, I even took half of it home with me. I loved the black pepper sauce! I have had various black pepper sauces from California to Las Vegas,  and this was one definitely in my top 5 better tasting black pepper sauces. May wonder what may be difference since it is black pepper, but the technique can either make it turn super spicy, mild, or no flavor/bland. In this case it was just right. A mild black pepper sauce. The steak was cooked correctly as I had ordered it. Since it is a boba place, must get a drink! I ordered the large tapioca milk tea and they give a lot of boba in your drink for its worth! They have honey boba which makes it have a nice after taste in your mouth. The texture was a little chewier than what I prefer, but it is more of a preference thing. The portion is decent and worth the money of 4 dollars.Also tried the snow ice here! The snow ice came in a heart-shaped bowl that was decorated with mango, kiwi, and strawberries making it quite appealing to the eye. The snow ice had a nice mango taste to it.The place is small, but good enough for a boba place. There is Chinese music playing in the background and it is a good place to hang out and chill with friends. It gives you the freedom of spending some time with friends while you have drinks, snacks, and quick snacks.
4	Met up at Icy Juicy with some friends for a late lunch today. I've been here once before and enjoyed shaved snow while playing card games. Definitely like how they serve meals, savory snacks, and desserts in a chill atmosphere.Their crispy pork with rice came in a bento, accompanied with corn, a soy sauce-marinated egg, and veggies with some noodles. The pork itself was like a Taiwanese-style seasoned tonkatsu, and balanced well with the veggies and corn. It was awkward trying to eat out of that container with a fork and a knife, but I managed well enough to finish my food.Ordered a large yogurt green tea with boba, which was a mixture of green tea and those Yakult-like yogurt drinks you can get at the Asian market. It was both tart and a tad bitter, but got better as the melted ice diluted the drink. I really like the consistency of their honey boba, since it was cooked properly and tasted lightly sweet.Spent about $8 for the meal and $4.50 for the drink. Well worth my money since I'm still full and content as I type this review about seven hours later.
3	When we were in Hawaii at the Polynesian Cultural Center, they were selling this vanilla ice cream topped w/ peaches and strawberries.  It was delicious!  My husband found this place through Yelp; and found the similiar dessert posted...so we figured we give it a try.  Sad to say it was not the same one.  It looked very similar but did not taste the same.  I forgot exactly what I ordere but it was strawberry ice cream topped w/ mango.  It probably wasn't ice cream because the texture was a lot different.  It was just okay.  My husband got the peanut butter toast which was a fat piece of bread w/ peanut butter spread.  It was just okay also.  Nothing to really rave about.  We probably would not go back or recommend to friends.
3	Firstly, I would like to state that I give this place a rating of 3 stars because of the FOOD. The service could be a little better =/WHO: boba-cravers, dessert-lovers, hungry people... Generally, everyone can find something to love.WHERE: In the small plaza on Spring Mountain & Jones. If it helps, it's in the same vicinity as Cafe Moda & Cravin' Cajun.WHEN: Conveniently; Monday through Sunday from 11am-2am. WHAT: Honestly, the way I heard about this place was one of my friends' instagram post of that beautifully-made MONSTER HONEY TOAST GOODNESS. That picture definitely caught my eye. Lol.I met with one of my friends to eat lunch, and as we were brainstorming, this place came to mind. My friend had got there before me so she ordered a plate of food. As soon as I got there, I ordered boba (their boba was perfectly made, TO MY LIKING). I wasn't looking to eat a full-on meal, but was looking forward to dessert instead, so I just had the sald/pepper chicken. My friend was in somewhat of a rush, so we decided to order that monstrous honey toast in advance... 20 minutes later, it still hasn't come. I was wondering how I got my chicken wings in 10 minutes, but the toast was not yet in front of me...We finally ask the server, and they kept it in the back all along (it was already made). Ok, I get it... they were waiting for us to finish our food, but c'mon... I WANT DESSERT. Another service downfall was that we had to keep asking for water refills, napkins, and the check... in conclusion, we had to call and ask them for everything, yet we were the only customers in there... NO BUENO on the customer service, but that TOAST is what keeps me coming back and forgetting about the service...
3	Been waiting to try this place out because I saw pictures of the shaved ice with fruit. However when I finally came I just ordered a Thai tea.  We came on a Thursday night around 10ish and this place was pretty packed. This type of boba place is comparable to Tea Station since people come here to hang out late at night. A little bit smaller than Tea Station, but I think the food on the menu seemed tastier from what I saw the other patrons order.  On a negative note my Thai tea was a little on the sweet side. To add to that our server seemed limited on her English and trust me I'm not just saying that because I've been to a ton of places around China Town. Finally when we tried to pay the owner yells at the other members of our group stating cash only or $10 or above for card transactions. I know this is almost a universal rule around Spring Mtn., but c'on there was no sign  and our server didn't even warn us?! No need for yelling please? I would say I won't come back, but I really want that shave ice. Oh yeah, and they had a jar full of curvy straws that might also bring us back there.
4	Thought I'd stop in for some shave ice. Got the mango flavor with the azuki beans, mochi, and condensed milk. Service was fast and friendly and helpful. The ice was soft and not like a snow cone. The order was HUGE. It tasted pretty great and while I have definitely had better, I wouldn't rule this place out. It's a great alternative to Sno Ono on days that I don't want to look for their truck or when I'm in the area and need a cool treat!
3	My trips here are gradually getting more and more disappointing.. the shaved snow was definitely better the first few times i had it.. bobas are the same as everywhere else.. this has become more of a place of convenience rather than a sought out place like it once was..last time i went a few of their menu items were unavailable toostill good for a quick boba though.. don't expect much from the waitresses. they don't speak english that well.
4	I heard about this place from a friend last night and went after work today to try the snow ice. I got the Strawberry Mango with Taro ice. Holy cow was this amazing! It was better than ice cream... almost between that and a sno-cone without the crunchy ice crystals or sugary flavor. It was one of the best things I ever had. The only reason I can't give five stars is because after our Snow Ice came, nobody came back to our table, even after we'd been done for about 30 minutes. If they would have come by, we were going to try some toast, but that didn't happen. I had to walk up to the counter and wait a minute or two to get cashed out. Definitely wont impact the chances of my return though! ;)
1	Snow ice is good. Hot tea is Not good and I think they are over priced. Don't get the hot green tea!!! Not good at all. Peppermint green tea is the worst! Yuck. Sorry but did not like it....
5	Product: Variety of drink and dessert on the menu, many speciality Taiwanese food that cannot be gotten from other places around here. Service: All the staffs are very friendly and helpful and ready to serve. Price: is a little high, but i am willing to pay for it since some foods are unavailable anywhere else around here. Overal: It is a place with younger crowd most of the time, sometimes it is hard to park on weekends. But overall everything is Great.
1	Was just there. Service was horrible. Friend ordered the kiwi strawberry slush and it tasted very sour. Tasted like the kiwi was spoiled or something around there. If they forgot to give you boba, don't tell them that because they will just add some watery boba into your drink. Ordered the snow ice which came with different types of fruit. Wasn't that bad but mango tasted spoiled as well. Their lychee jelly tasted very soury. They forgot to put in my order of crispy chicken, so I guess they made it in a hurry so when I got the chicken, it was very soft and no flavor to it. Usually their chicken taste very good, but I don't know if its the new hired waitress or just the owner doesn't care his store, but I won't be coming here anymore. To be honest right after we got our orders, we immediately paid and went across the street to Fresh Cup, which saved our night.
4	Pass up on reading the reviews folks.  Check out a few photos and you'll end up bookmarking this place. I've had this place bookmarked for one reason...BOBA!!!  I just wasn't going to drive out of my way to get it.  Well, tonight worked out perfectly since I was across the street having dinner with Terri R.  Terri brought this place up, pulled up a few photos from other Yelpers, and I was sold. One issue though, everything that looked really good had fruit in it and I can't eat fruit.  So, plan B (i.e. Plan Boba) was in effect.  We were too lazy to use the crosswalk or get in our cars, so we played a little Frogger by jaywalking and dodging a few cars.  We got to Icy Juicy in one piece.  Even better, I'm considering this my cardio for the night.  Icy Juicy is a small restaurant that serves a plethora of treats from snow ice, boba, yogurts and a bunch of fruit creations that is best described through pictures.  Everything looked and sounded good.  I opted for the Cappuccino Slush w/Double Boba. My drink was delicious and cold like it's suppose to be.  My favorite part was the warm boba with each slurp.  Looking forward to taking the family here when they're in town.  Next time I'm here, I'm trying their Monster Toast minus the fruits. TIP:  You can't go wrong with the food, but service was just okay.  We waited and waited for our check.  After reviewing a few other reviews, this looks like a common theme.
3	Your typical Chinatown hangout spot. Some people come and study here (I have no idea how people do that, it tends to get noisy). Some people bring their deck of cards and play for hours. Some people, like myself, like to sip on a drink and chit chat with friends. They have good drinks for fair prices. I stay pretty simple with my boba and always order iced milk tea with boba. They have pretty good snow ice for about $6. Three people can share one snow ice order and leave happy. The ice comes in a few flavors - I've tried strawberry and milk. Strawberry is too sweet for my taste, but the milk is delicious! What I really like about their snow ice is that it comes with really fresh and really big pieces of fruit. Alongside are small chewy mochi bits as well.As much I enjoy their dessert items, their food not so much. You can find your typical fish balls and other Asian appetizer dishes. They also have entrees. I've had a steak noodle dish with brown sauce (I forgot what it was called!). The first couple bites were fine but then it got real heavy, too fast. I've gotten a bento-box type entree as well. Nothing spectacular. It got me full, though. There are a lot of great food places located within the same plaza of Icy Juicy. My advice is to go eat there and then head over to Icy Juicy for dessert. That way, you'll have a win-win!
4	oooo i came here after chinese new year dinner at hk star with the bf's family. it was right by the restaurant, so we decided to try. although we were full from dinner, we splurged on a monster brick toast. i am now a brick toast fan!! it had butter and honey all throughout the brick and it was topped with ice cream, almonds, strawberries and wafer cookies. i couldnt stop shoving it in my face. the taro smoothie was sweet and the boba was well cooked. the only reason i took off a star was because the kids working there made us feel like they were eager to get rid of us, even though they were not busy. i dont care though, ill still go back and take my sweet time eating another monster toast :]!
4	After great night of Ramen Sora with fellow yelpers Terri R suggested get some dessert at Icy Juicy. I never been so never twist my arms comes too trying new spots in Vegas. Good ones that fellow yelpers rave about! Icy Juicy was awesome I had come back second time share the experience another group of yelpers that first timers too. Thank you Terri! Talk about small location. It located next too Cafe Moda in this little shopping plaza. Unfortunately not lot of parking depending when you go. I ended up parking across the street walked acorss. So hopefully able too find spot because its really hidden gem comes too dessert. Not many seats inside but back up always order your stuff too go. The menu is pretty diverse not just Boba more Boba and really highlight is the Snow Ice. Interesting. They put the hot food in back of the menu so if not look at it never know serve real food too. We did not partake in the food food. Sure there will be another time that try some of their food. The things I did try back-back nights was the BOBA. I love Tapioca Balls!!! The Tapioca Balls are awesome! They not skimp on them AT ALL. It Tapioca heaven ever spit till the very end. BOBA no expert but feel like not overly sweet but just the right balance. The first night I tried the kiwi-strawberry flavor Boba. Solid. Honest the second night the Mango Flavor was da bomb! So many more different fruit flavor too try sure just might find another one better. The Snow Ice thank Thanks too Terri for sharing truly the star dish at Icy Juicy. Being from Hawaii love my Shave Ice with mochi balls/ice cream. So hard too find any substitute like real kine Shave Ice. Snow Ice pretty darn close too legit. It different texture lot more smoother flakes of ice, comes with beautiful fresh cuts of fruits (kiwi, strawberry, etc), condense milk extra touch of sweetness over the top of the ice cream (you get choose different flavor ice creams), and love the presentation with the valentine shape bowl. Sure one that next trip going get my snow ice in!! One thing mention about the service is our server not talk english all that well. It came for asking for recommendations she not much of help. It comes too the check better off flagging them down or takes forever. Overall service if fine. Nothing that would stop me from coming back for more BOBA or Snow Ice....
4	I found a new boba spot open late!  2am every night!  And service is fast!!  The order is taken quickly, and food and drinks come out surprisingly fast, even during busy times.  They have large size boba drinks at $6!  The mix is a little sugary sweet, but not overbearing.  They also have a fair amount of boba and the drinks themselves are large!  The have your typical range of hot and cold, including some jello ones too. Pic of mine :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/icy-juicy-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#_30wErKmIUtD_5NrliofNQThe food here is pretty good also!  I ordered eel on rice, at $8...I presumed I would get just that, eel on rice.  But it came in a cool bento box setup with flavored rice, hard boiled egg, and two different types of cabbage.  It was a good value at the price, and besides the eel having tiny bones (more of a consistency issue with me since they are easy to chew), it was a good late dinner.  Here's the pic :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/icy-juicy-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#6noWRxkCmF74rCgn3gaEnwBut what I really enjoyed was the shave ice!  I ordered the fresh fruit mix, which comes with lots of yummy flavored mochi and tons of fresh fruit like mango, strawberries and kiwi.  I also like the flavor of the shave ice, which you get a choice of (I went with strawberry).  The ice itself is probably flavored beforehand, because it is a consistent sweet, vs more like flavored ice itself.  This was a bargain at about $6!  An epic dessert and big enough to share for sure!  Look how yummy this looks :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/icy-juicy-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#EDMopQdA5xEGO7vdVGcA4QAnd all of this came with a tab of about $20.  That is a great deal!  So are there any negatives??  Why no 5 star??There is a weird smell here...I noticed it when I first walked in, but it didn't really bother me during dinner.  It is kind of sulfer like...it's not overbearing, but it is not subtle.  If it bothers you a lot, just take it to go.****EDIT, they DO have highchairs, but you have to ask for one.  They didn't offer me last time, and when I asked this time, they had two hiding in a back room.  Just ask if you need one...*****And lastly, remember that like any other authentic Asian spot, a friendly wave is how you get service.  Don't expect people to come check on you, ask you if you want refills, or bringing you your check.  Just wave and ask, and you'll have what you need very quickly.Besides these things, I found a new favorite for late night boba!
2	I came for the boba.Learned about it years ago, never tried it, and finally gave in. Upon entering, my posse and I trudged face first into an iron curtain of stench. I'm talking about a smell so bad that it was difficult to describe... but I'll give it a shot. Imagine wet dog fur set on fire. With that in mind we swiftly ordered our boba drinks (mine was strawberry-kiwi) and high tailed it out of there. After regaining our senses of smell we each partook in the frozen slush delicacy and were quite impressed. I was a tad reluctant to intake the solid tapioca(?) balls whilst taking in a liquid, but learned to find a nice equilibrium and balance out what I was getting out of my straw.Aside from that god awful smell and for around $6.00 this was not a bad sweet treat and I would highly recommend it. It also helped that I didn't have to pay for mine... Thanks Chad S.!
1	Two thumbs down for my last visit to Icy Juicy.1. This place is open until 2 AM. A group of friends and I came in for some sweet goodness at 11 PM. They tell us they're out of boba. What? How can a boba shop be out of boba? It's like going to an Italian restaurant and saying that they're out of pasta or going to a nail salon and saying they're out of polish. They didn't offer to make anymore boba balls which confused me because there were other customers walking in while we were there. 2. So this place offers different sweetness levels on their drinks. Unsweetened, lightly sweetened, regularly sweetened or super sweetened. We were excited to learn about this since we're trying to watch our figures and limit sugar intake. All drinks were ordered as "lightly sweetened" and all but one drink came out regular or super sweet. What happened here?3. Customer service is terrible. TERRIBLE with all caps. The girl that was serving us had a real nasty attitude and was real pushy with our orders. I wonder if she ate all the boba before we showed up and had a bad stomach ache or something because girlfriend was cranky. My boyfriend and his family came in and I asked our server to put their drinks on my check. She shot me a dirty looked and looked absolutely confused. All I wanted to do was pay for their drinks. Hmm. Ultimately, she got things figured out but I had to go over mountains and cross oceans to do so. Three strikes, you're out. Well, at least until they get their act together.
3	I was craving some bubble tea, and with the help of the handy dandy Yelp app, I found Icy Juicy. Also, I was originally looking for Quickly, but apparently they closed down and Icy Juicy took over their space, so Icy Juicy it was. Anyway, I decided to get the taro smoothie with boba and egg custard. Since I never carry cash, I paid with my card, and was informed that they have a minimum of $15 for credit/debit card purchases. Kinda annoying, but I really wanted that smoothie, so I ended up getting some calamari and fish balls to meet that minimum. The smoothie was super tasty, exactly how I liked my taro. The boba was nice and chewy and the egg custard was a great addition. I thought that the egg custard's flavor might clash with the taro, but they actually worked well. The food, on the other hand, were ok. The calamari was your standard calamari. It was nice that it was not overcooked. However, when it got cold, the old oil taste was definitely prevalent. The fish balls were the kind you get at Asian restaurants, but I liked that they added extra seasoning to make it more their own. I definitely enjoyed those more than the calamari. Anyway, I'll definitely come back for more of their boba. However, I'll probably skip the food. And bring cash!
4	I wanted to update my review after trying the MONSTER TOAST!Sad to say, I was disappointed!  Yes, it is huge...but it is a little expensive at about $12 (if I remember correctly)It is NOT a Honey Toast on steroids...it is a Honey Toast look-a-like with fruit and stuff on top.It isn't as saturated with honey as the "other" place, and even with all the goodies on top, it still didn't taste as decadent.  Almost healthy...LOL!Skip this, and buy two shaved ice for the same money.  The mixed fruit with mochi was AMAZING!  And you get two of those for the same chedda!
4	As my wife says, this is where you go if you are broke or don't want to pay $10 for a drink at Tea Station.  The crowd is typically younger but the quality is the same as you'd get from Tea Station at almost half the price.I ordered a mixed fruit slush boba and it was too sweet.  I told the waitress and they changed it out with no attitude or questions.  That's definitely rare - trust me!
4	my go to spot for cheaper 'tea station' taste. that along is enough for 4 stars in my book.
4	After getting a headache from Cafe Moda, I asked a riend to rescue me and meet me at Icy Juicy.  They have a lot of items on their menu (Japanese, Taiwanese and Korean) that seemed interesting but I was already full so all I could afford to ingest was a green tea milk tea with boba.  It was good though they coul've put more ice in it.My cousin raves about this place - I'm just not sure if it's because of the high school girls that come here or he really likes the food and boba tea!  They have honey toast just like the ones I've had in Tokyo...with fruits, chocolate syrup and whipped cream - they beat Ichiza in that aspect.I'll come hungry next time and try their food and bing su/ shaved ice.
4	I had the shaved ice and the milk tea with boba, there drinks are huge here. Dined in. The server was nice to. They also have free wifi that I used.
4	The prices here are great, and if you show them your yelp check-in on a to-go order you get a 10% discount.  I got a massive super mango shaved ice that came to a whopping total of $6.15 after the discount.  When i say massive, I mean you need both hands to hold this beastly bowl of icy juicy mango madness.  My only complaint is that they used giant hunks of canned peaches instead of fresh chunks.They have a sugar gauge near the back of the menu, in which they allow you to specify how sweet you prefer your order.  Regulars had warned me that they tend to err on the sweet side if you don't specify.  Armed with this knowledge I ordered my dish on the less sweet side.
1	Worst customer service ever. Nearly all of the staff were incredibly rude and dismissive. My group had a Chinese girl in a maid outfit take our order and another Chinese man deliver our drinks. The Chinese girl in particular was very impolite and ill-mannered when we asked her questions about the menu by rolling her eyes and scoffing.On top of all that, our drinks were lukewarm when they should have been ice cold.The service here was definitely "icy" and the workers "juicy" with attitude.Did I mention they don't take debit/credit cards under $10? This place needs new management and replace the entire staff or close down.
1	WARNING THIS REVIEW IS GOING TO BE BRUTALLY HONEST: but if you ask me this world needs more truth. I once wrote a good review for this place but my last experience was so not enjoyable and I left pissed off that I wish I could give 0 stars. I just read someone else's review saying they give 10% off discount for people who show them there yelp account. I wish I knew that before hand. Either way, I think they should treat ever customer like they matter, or like they are important, customer service is a very big thing in my opinion, when I worked for my mothers restaurant in Austin TX. I treated every customer like they where important, and was always professional even when a customer got pissed off and cursed @ me, I always kept cool and stayed professional cause thats what your suppose to do. I think sometimes the customers got even more mad (the ones who where cursing) cause they couldn't piss me off, but in all reality cursing @ the one who is trying to help you is not going to fix the problem, say if a order was wrong, or late, cursing @ the customer is not going to fix anything, N I thought if I stayed cool maybe they could cool down so we could fix the problem, get a discount, next order free etc. Anyway, I went the Icy Juicy to meet up with my webmaster, cause I was coming out with my personal website for my modeling/acting business, and was trying to find a credit card server for my website.  I did not get anything done this meeting with my webmaster, why? Cause the music was to loud and I could not hear anything, I asked them to turn the volume down, maybe it was the TV or the music, either way, the volume did not go down, I was on the phone with someone, and could not even really hear what that person I was speaking to on the phone with was saying, I kept plugging my other ear so I could hear them better when I was inside the store, that should have given the hint to the waitress that the volume was still way to loud, but I guess they are stupid and cant figure it out. I will never come back here, especially not for business. Maybe come here if your not doing anything important to you, or if your not trying to read something important, I don't see why places like this have internet if they are going to have the music/TV so loud you can not focus on whatever your doing. If you ask me music should be low and pleasant in the back ground, not pounding loud & annoying in your ears. I felt like my head was pounding off, and the waitress not turning it down even tho I requested that pissed me off even more. This may have been my last meeting with my webmaster for a while now, cause I am moving to LA June 1st, and today is May 29th now, I went in there May 28th. N MY webmaster comes to La every month but it still may be a month before my next meeting with my webmaster. The only reason I left a tip was cause the webmaster I was with wanted to leave a tip but if it was up to me, I would not have left a tip. The waitress told me good bye when I walked out the door, but I was going to walk out the door and not say anything to them, to let them know I was pissed. N trust me when I say I was not just a little pissed. I was totally pissed off. 101% or more. They do have big drinks there but I didn't come there for the drinks, I came there to do business and I got nothing done, cause I couldn't read and focus, or soak in what I was reading or what the person I was speaking on the phone to was saying. N it was hard to pay attention to what the webmaster was saying with all that loudness going on. Goodbye Icy Juice I will not miss your loud music, or your bad customer service ignoring my request when I asked you to turn the volume down. I'm a business minded person and almost never come out unless it's for business, n since I could not do business here there is no reason for me to come back. I don't know if anyone else has felt this way before but it's not the 1st time I have felt this way. It was one of those moments where I thought to myself OMG do I have to spend the rest of my life with these inconsiderate stupid asshole humans? I should just off myself now.
3	I just like to hang out here.
3	After seeing all the pictures and craving something cold besides custard, I decided to try this snow ice craze!! They have a full menu of food as well I'm case you are hungry. I ordered the mixed fruit snow ice. It came in a super cute heart shaped bowl. Looking at it, I realized it was way too much for me to eat by myself. I also then saw that there were kiwis in it. I had to pick them out since I am allergic to them. The milk snow ice was super creamy and the strawberries and mangos were ripe and sweet. They drizzled the top with this syrup that was way too sweet for me. After I ate all the fruit, I had this big puddle of diabetes syrup and melted snow ice which I could not finish. Overall, it wasn't bad for my first time there. Next time I think I'll try something else.
4	I'm honestly disappointed to see that Easy Life Boba and Tea is 4 starred and this place is only 3 stars...Maybe it's because I'm a sucker when I see fresh ingredients being used, but I feel like the world should be that way! Anyways, the boba tea is decent nothing spectacular. I have yet to order a fruit smoothie, I'd assume they use real fruit and not bs you like most boba places with syrup. However, my awesome experience for this place comes from the Taiwanese snow. This is so far the best place in Vegas to get Taiwanese snow. Although the menu is confusing to read, they actually have a wide and diverse selection on flavors of snow! They also top your snow with mochi and condensed milk without asking for it (this may be bad for others but mochi and condensed milk are a must for me!). The fruits in my snow were sweet and perfectly ripened. The snow and condensed milk worked together and had a nice gooey and flakey consistency. All in all, the snow was perfect!I don't dig the crowd here too much. Maybe its just me, but I get a little uncomfortable being surrounded by fobs. Most the employees look fobby too... lol. However, these fobs have good customer service. I came in twice so far and was instantly greeted every time and served with a smile.I really like Icy Juicy for their Taiwanese snow and service here is great too. If you aren't fobaphobic, this place is definitely worth your time.
3	The GOOD: Their selection of drinks is amazing. Just a huge menu and tons of variety. I tried the lavender milk tea with boba and it was perfectly sweetened and  fragrant. The boba was cooked well and chewy and not overly sweet like some places make it. I also got the kimchi udon which I think is a dish for 2. It was so huge! The broth was flavorful, the kimchi was sour and spicy. The soup was lava hot which is good but also painful because I was too excited to let each bite cool.The BAD: My only complaint was that service was slow, like unacceptable slow. We waited about 5 minutes for 2 drinks when there was only one other table in the place taken and they had already been served. It took 10 minutes for my soup and 10 minutes after that my friends teriyaki chicken bowl made its appearance. If you told me they had to wash and steam the rice for every single dish I would believe it but I doubt that is what they do. And her chicken was burnt on the edges and nobody wants to eat a charred meal they waited 25 minutes for.So drinks on point, food service needs work.
1	I've only been here once, and I never plan on coming back. They do have a good selection of tasty drinks, but their customer service is horrible! We had a somewhat large party seated, but only two of us ordered anything. Because of that, the waitress took our order, told the guy behind the counter about it, and that guy started flipping a cow and yelling in Mandarin. I could totally understand what the guy was saying too, and he was on a roll as if he thought no one could tell that he was talking crap about us right in front of us!
1	I really want to like this place, I really do. The drink variety is there, the taste is there, and place to be with a group of friends is there. The only thing that totally kills it for me is the service and the people who work there. If your whole group of friends all don't order something, you're going to hear an old Chinese guy insult you in Chinese behind you in a tone that tries to be subtle but fails. For drinks, it tastes good! I like the drinks on the menu. When I asked for water after my smoothie, I got a tiny little cup filled with warm water, no ice, no straw. I didn't get a whole refill for I'd say and hour and a half? I even requested it from the waitresses for a refill. The staff is a buzzkill. "Wat u want to orduh." Is the first thing they said to us. Oh and in a Fobby Chinese angry tone. I have nothing against Fobby Chinese accent because my family is basically all from Asia, but at least be Fobby nice to customers. Maybe "o hallo how u do today? Duh weaduh is duh nice day for duh boba drink ya? Enjoy you drinks hokay?" Anyways, our group was about 10ish people? Everyone was dissatisfied with the place and it just made us all angry. Mood killer. We ended up going to fresh cup right across the street and that is a much better choice for boba and other things !
5	I was expecting the service to be below average according the previous reviews below, but the service I received at Icy Juicy was great.  I received my boba drink in 3 mins and my drink was delicious.  I will be getting my boba on at Icy Juicy moving forward =)
3	I'm gonna keep this short. The atmosphere, food, boba etc. are all VERY good. They were playing Jay Chou videos on the tv which is awesome. But from the moment we walked in we felt like we weren't welcomed there. Our server was pretty rude and her favorite word is no. If they were friendlier we'd go back but we'll just get our boba elsewhere.
5	I'm glad I finally tried this place - Everything about this place is A+! The SERVICE, boba drinks, snow ice, sweet butter toast & juicy steak were all stellar! The server was very attentive, as well as, friendly.
1	Icy juicy... What can I say. Unfortunately i don't like this place.The food and drinks are second best. I can pass on everything on their menu and I believe that the only redeeming quality about their drinks is their presentation. The service... What can I say... Their service is probably the worst I've ever had. From anyone. I've been there multiple times and it's never been good and more than anything I would get rushed when ordering. Their menu is gigantic which wouldn't be a problem if the servers would give me more time to order. Every time I go there I feel rushed and unwanted. I see them interacting with other customers in the language that they speak and they seem to be kind a courteous and I'm left thinking "where was that for me?" Throughout this whole review I've been going between 1 and 2 stars. But after thinking about how much the service infuriated me. I'll let the star speak for itself.
1	I've been here a couple times and every single time my experience here SUCKS. what can I say? Their service, the worst! I don't know who trained them, I'm guessing that no body did because the workers have no manners at all. When the waitress asked me what would I like you drink, it wasn't polite at all. It was more of, "WAT U WANT?!" and I always feel rushed whenever I'm ordering. Then they ask me, "you sure?!" Of course I'm sure, why else would I order that? Somebody please teach these workers some manners or at least some proper English. The drinks took pretty long to get to my table, I mean it wasn't busy at all. Maybe 3 or 4 tables at the most including mine. I got a slushy and the boba man.. It froze faster than a little Russian kid balls during wintertime in Russia. I was pretty disappointed at the fact that the drink I waited so long for sucked. The only good part is that it's open late at night when my friends and I are hanging out pretty late. Other than that, I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
2	Food and drinks are pretty good here, the price is reasonable. I recommend the  Crispy Chicken and the Matcha Milk Tea. This place is small so sometimes you'll have to wait a little bit. I don't like coming here because there are always people smoking by the front door and it blows in to the dining area. Its like being in an old casino, with poor ventilation.Also, the service is not very good. You'll have to walk up to the bar to order and pay because you can't flag down a staff to save your life. This place deserves a solid 4 stars if it didn't smell like cigarette and had better service.
4	I only had their hot coconut milk tea with boba, but i loved it! I will definitely come back and try out the rest of their menu!
2	actually, i wanna love this place, but...pro: food and drinks are cheaper than other place.       nice location. con: I have a lot so say. first, food and beverage are getting worse than before. their drinks taste too sweat, and they only have one page of food, nothing new comes out. i went there on  last friday in the evening. it was busy and crowdy. i have to wait to get service. they only have one waiter, and she was like yelling to me. also i felt cold when i setting in there. ewwwww. always like that.  it's probably my last time going there, unless i have to. i guess i will go to tea station instead. ohhhh, i forgot, i loved their snowice before, it was colorful, the ice cream taste great. now, maybe you can compare the previous and check it out.
1	This place is horrible! Rush you to order & get mad when you can't understand what they say because they can't speak English properly. Plus they're rude!! Went there and they obviously didn't train well. Got accused of stealing when your staff doesn't know how to slide a card and give a receipt properly? Go somewhere else that is way better!
3	Try the Juicy Steak!
3	This is my go-to place for boba. Their drinks are good but their service is hit or miss. They aren't very attentive but it's probably because the customer service demand is pretty low maintenance. Most people will come here and get a drink and sit for at least an hour to hang out with friends. Sometimes they run out of boba and the wait is at least 30 minutes. How does a boba shop run out of boba?! That always baffled me.The food is great! My favorite has to be the crispy chicken and the sizzling steak with spaghetti. My mouth is literally watering as I am typing this! The crispy chicken is a great treat to share with friends. It's a pretty decent portion for how cheap it is! And the sizzling steak... omg! That is amazing. If you haven't had it before, please try it! It comes with a salad first then the steak comes out on a stone plate with spaghetti, an egg and the steak on top drenched in either mushroom or black pepper sauce. My favorite is the black pepper. The steak is always a little undercooked but I like it that way because I  can always just move the noodles out of the way and put the steak on the stone plate. It's much better than getting an over cooked steak IMO.Anyways, another reason my friends and I come here is because they are open late and can seat a bunch of us... sometimes 15 in one area! Icy Juicy is located in a very busy shopping center. It's pretty hard to find a parking spot and sometimes, I have to park in the shopping center next door or across the street! It's pretty inconvenient but there isn't another place I have found that is open late and can seat all of us so we're not really left with much option.Oh! Also, if you aren't a fan of cigarette smoke, try not to sit near the entrance. There are always people smoking outside and sometimes they leave the door open so you will be breathing in their smoke!
2	As much as I REALLY want to like this place, I can't. Their drinks? Pretty tasty, good sizes, cool mugs, slightly pricey, but it's not bad.I haven't tried the food, so I can't review on that, but they have a huge menu.The service is just down right horrible. I don't know if it's their accents, and I'm sorry if it is, but they always speak to me like they hate me. One time they brought out the wrong drink on accident and I kindly asked if they could fix it; I got the death glare the rest of the night.I suggest just ordering a Thai Tea or Peppermint Green Milk Tea, taking a seat, and then try to ignore the staff the rest of your time there.
4	We came here for the coffee milk and mixed fruit yogurt ice. Very.good, great portion size. The service was great, quick greeting when we came in and a thank you as we left as if our business was greatly  appreciated(hard to find it seems these days). I will go back for sure!
2	This place has mediocre drinks & food. I've tried a few food items, boba, & fruit shaved ice. Not sure if the drinks are fresh because I always leave with that syrup-like taste. The last visit I had, the place unfortunately stunk. Thanks for good service & being open late though!
1	I use to love going to this place when it was new I'd have study groups late night or to catch up with my friends.  But it has gone down hill.  One day I went in it reeked like the place hasn't been cleaned. Mixture of sewer and cleaning solution!  I left without ordering.Last night I decided to give it a try since I craved for a drink.  It was about 10:30pm. I order a large oeach green tea.  They took a long time to make something so simple.. they put so much sweetener in my drink I felt like I was just drinking syrup Straight from the bottle.  I only drank about 1/4 of it including thr help of my bf. My bf ordered milk green tea which seemed fine, but he finished his drink..I PUT IT IN THE FRIDGE TO FINISH THE NEXT MORNING AT WORK. ITS CURRENTLY 8AM AND THERE IS ALREADY MOLD GROWING IN MY DRINK. THERES NO WAY MOLD CAN GROW THAT FAST OVER NIGHT IN A REFRIDGERATED ENVIRONMENT UNLESS IT WAS ALREADY GROWING TO BEGIN WITH!  I'm quite disturbed and will definitely not return for anything.  I will attempt to put up the picture of my drink for all of you to see.Not to mention they have the order taker and cashier as the same person usually.  The straws are not covered and I always see her taking money and then getting drinks and food orders at the counter without washing her hands.
3	I've been here a few times and each visit, the boba was just decent.. Until today!I noticed that hot milk tea is getting popular so I decided to give it a try. I ordered the hot coconut milk tea with boba. & it was freaking delicious. They serve it in a fat mug with a mini ladle so I could scoop the boba. I was impressed at the deliciousness of the drink because the last time I came here, I had ordered the cold coconut milk tea and it was a bit watered down and I just wasn't feeling the flavor. But this, THIS is it. They got my attention now hah. They have a pretty big drink menu and also serve hot food and snow cream. I got a chance to taste my friend's snow cream in milk flavor topped with mangoes, strawberries and this white sweet sauce. I didn't like it very much. The mangoes tasted canned (does that even exist?). It just didn't taste like a fresh mango at all. & the milk snow cream tasted like a really strong brown sugar or waffle or something idk how to even describe it. It wasn't as good as it looked. Other than that the service was good and it's a nice place to catch up with friends or maybe even study. But so far the drinks are just so-so. I still have to try their hot foods the next time I come back because I will definitely come back as long as they keep serving that hot coconut milk tea.
4	Good house milk tea
3	Definitely a good place to meet and hang with friends. For the most part food and drinks are good but they could definitely improve their service.They have a pretty large selection of drinks, with plenty of toppings to choose from. I like their hot milk teas during the colder seasons. Their coconut mango is also really good. Food is also pretty good and the portions are generous. The crispy chicken basket is a good snack to share with friends, and their rice and noodle combos are very generous; I'm always stuffed after one of them. Their sizzling noodle platter is OK, not for everyone.They're also open late, and their location is very convenient. Its always a good place to start your day or end your night with friends.Now for the service. Service has always been inconsistent here, ranging from attentive and polite to frustrating and exasperating. I think it largely depends on who is working there when you go. It is also owned by Chinese folks, and a large portion of their customers are Chinese, so communication may be rough if you don't speak Cantonese or Mandarin. They are usually pretty quick to seat you and take your order, but I find that trying to get the check sometimes can be a hassle. For some reason they are almost ALWAYS facing the other way when I'm trying to grab the check. Its a pretty laid back atmosphere so sometimes the waitresses are chatting but they have a tendency to not check up on you usually. I also believe there is a minimum for credit card, which is $15 I believe.All in all a good place to hang out with friends, grab a bite to eat, or to study for a bit, but some may find the service an aversion.
5	Gone to this restaurant a few more times since my last review. The lavender milk tea has been my go to drink. The coconut passion tea is by far the most delicious tea I have had anywhere. And I am in love with their coffee jelly, which is only good in certain smoothies and tea, which I enjoyed with a vanilla smoothie as well as boba.
2	Oh boy where do I even start..I suppose the goods first: The drinks are very tasty, their boba isn't too chewy or hard like most places I have been. The atmosphere is also a pretty good spot to just sit, relax, play cards and chat with friends as you will find out. They have a really nice and large selection of drink orders and the extra usual's like egg pudding and grass jelly you can add. The food is mediocre at best, but this place is known for their delicious drinks rather than their food. Although I do enjoy their "cripy chicken."On the other hand, their service is absolutely horrible. I am a huge regular there, and I keep going back because their drinks are good, but they lack severely in their service. Today I went in and sat for 1 hour with not a single hostess greeting me or giving me a menu. Instead they made eye contact a few times at me and sat at the counter talking and people watching. I would understand if it was busy but the place had about 9 people at the time total inside. Finally I asked for the menu at which they obliged by tossing it on the table and immediately turning away rather than handing it to my open hand reaching out for it. My drink came out delicious as I expected and I was satisfied at my little treat but when it came for paying. As soon as our server came back with the tab she simply stood at my side and looked blankly at our table of 4 hesitantly not know who to give the check to. I reached out to grab it and with my fingers on the tab she then moved it away from me and gave it to the person furthest away again disregarding my clearly open hand. It was like this was her first time serving.If you want good drinks come here and get to go. If you want service though, I suggest elsewhere.
4	It is pretty good place to get boba. The snow ice is good and sweet. Only problem i have with this place  is that the service is not that great. I keep coming back because the boba is good.
4	i guess you have to be on the mood to eat the desserts here but its pretty damn good. the fruits with the shaved ice cream is pretty good. the only thing i hate about coming here is that its so packed because the shopping center is so busy so its hard to find parking.
3	Located in the Mountain View Plaza on Jones in the same shopping center as Asian BBQ & Noodles, between Cue D's and Cafe Moda. I love that they are open until 2am. They are clean, bright and also have cute decor behind the counter.Thier drink selection is huge and rather daunting. I asked the waitress her recommendation between the two I was debating between and she quickly told me that the iced green milk tea was her favorite. Done, that's what I ended up ordering with boba. I enjoyed the iced green milk tea, but I also felt that it was very sweet. It left a film of sugar on my taste buds. I waited until the ice melted a little bit more in order to drink it, but by then my taste buds were toast- or shall I say sugar bombed. My boyfriend ordered the iced coconut milk tea with boba. His drink had a thick powdery consistency and the coconut flavor had an annoying artificial aftertaste. We both preferred my drink over the two. The boba was the best part. It was cooked perfectly and had the right amount of firmness and softness. It was also pleasantly sweet. I'm glad they at least got one thing right. I've been to boba places where thier boba tastes like dishwasher. We checked in on Facebook and also received 10% off on our order. The total for two drinks and the discount was about $10. I suppose this isn't our #1 spot for boba, but it will do for now until we find the best one in Vegas!
5	Yayy, I found a legit taiwanese boba place! I actually don't understand why this place has 3 stars lol im from OC, Cali. I basically live in the typical asian area with a HUGE boba craze with boba shops on almost every corner.  So I definitely have a high standard for boba. And I've heard a lot of bad things about the boba shops in LV from friends that live here. But this place for sure hits the spot! I think a lot of other people don't like this place in particular because of the bad service which is understandable. But it's funny because when you're in china/asian town, it's kinda what you expect to deal with shit service sometimes. But when my friends and i came here, they were really nice and gave us menus & recommendations. so it seems to be like a hit & miss for some people. This place will be my go to boba shop whenever I'm in vegas!
4	My one of my absolute favorite boba shops!Their boba is always at the right consistency. Its soft and chewy and the right amount of texture that I like. They're always very generous on the amount of boba in your tea too. I can say that the quality of the milk tea isn't very consistent though. Whenever the boss is there i'm always in an extremely good mood. Only because I know when i ask for my milk tea it will be one of the best I can find in town. Whenever the owner isn't there, the drinks often get iffy. They're not as good and I get disappointed sometimes. But the boba is always consistently good, no complaints there. The boss def remembers me because I used to always go to tea station when it was Tea Planet as a 14 year old.Honestly, my two cents about the service, i'm not here for their service because when i'm at a boba shop, i'm usually with friends and want a quiet time with them. I don't want to be bothered while i'm having a conversation or simply playing card games. So yes, if you're there for the service, its not great. But honestly, I go here because of their drinks.
3	Food and Milk tea is good; but the shitty costumer service and bitchy waitress in the front? Not so much. Then they look at me all crazy when I don't leave a tip. The fuck... Work on that customer service and I promise the money will follow!
5	The place is very good, I enjoy the drinks and the food. Great place to eat, affordable as well!
5	I love the boba slush tea here!  Best I've had in Vegas so far!  The food was okay.  Didn't have a ton of flavor.  I will be coming back for the yummy strawberry boba slush tea!  The service is friendly too.  Fyi..they have a $15 minimum for credit cards.
4	I wanted a drink after some lunch in the same shopping center. Inside, it's a typical simple boba place and they seem to have a few board games and stacks of playing cards. The BF got rose milk tea. We both really liked their version of it, much better than other spots which seems to use tea with just a hint of rose petals. They use rose petal jam in it and so you get bits and pieces on the bottom of your drink which is really yummy. I got brown sugar milk tea. It's not too drastically different from milk tea but for a slightly different aftertaste of brown sugar which I prefer. I like their tied in a knot straw here. It's cute.We ordered to-go so I don't have much to say per se, but the drinks were solid, price was right and our drinks were made fairly fast. I will be back to try more drinks or perhaps get some "icy juicy" dessert.
4	I'm a regular here. There drinks are great, pop corn chicken is delicious. My husband ordered steak sometimes, half and half of the chance will receive little too raw for medium. Overall the food and drinks are great. The reason I cut 1 star is because the service there just totally horrible. Especially if you go there during night time. The server doesn't know what to do, she will stand there gives a sticky face. So order the drinks or food Togo will be a good choice.
4	good food, great service.  loved the meat on skewers.there was only 1 waitress.  felt kinda bed for her to have to rush around like chicken with head cut off.  she did the best she could do.  will go back to have soup later today.
3	The dining room itself ain't much to look at, but they play KPOP music videos for entertainment and have Japanese fashion magazines in the seating area if you're in a more quiet mood.Employee recommended the rose milk tea, I added boba- was really surprised by the quality, as rose drinks tend to be a bit too strong for my liking and/or obviously fake with overly-syrupy sweetness. Not the case here! Boba was also fresh, soft, and warm, with the perfect texture and a very generous amount.
4	I'm a big fan of their regular milk tea with less sugar and extra ice. I don't like my drinks to be too sweet, and Icy Juicy perfects it every time. The price is very, very reasonable compared to other boba places. I also like dining in with friends just to hang out. It's a nice atmosphere with friendly customer service!
4	TLDR: consistent drinks and boba; iffy service; solid food not exciting; discount with Facebook check-in; games available upon request; parking spots are fewIcy Juicy is located in the ever-crowded strip mall on Desert Inn and Jones. Parking is not specific to Icy Juicy and becomes infrequently available at night. There are two tables outside which apparently are reserved for the smokers' haven evidenced by the ashtray and cigarette butts galore. The drinks are always never a problem and the boba is always fresh, chewy, and delicious. I always get a large iced boba milk tea for $4.25 in what seems to be like a large pint glass reserved for beers. The black tea flavor is always concentrated so there's no need to spend $1 more for royal milk tea or varied flavors. The servers are generally nice. The taller one is much nicer and knows much more about customer service than the shorter girl, who is never seen washing her hands yet she cleans tables and trash. Hmmm. All in all 3.5 stars. We would return!
3	This place was okay. I guess i would say its for the younger crowd because i saw a whole bunch of kids hanging out there. Service is whatevers, they weren't too friendly, but they weren't rude either. I got the Royal Milk tea. Very good. My husband got the Stawberry Slush with Lychee jelly. it was good, but you can tell they used the power kind. They Lychee was really sweet too. But they made the drinks really quickly.
5	I've had a lot of milk tea.  I am a milk tea fanatic and connoisseur, if you must.  They have the best milk tea in Las Vegas.  Coconut milk tea (made using coconut milk) and their rose milk tea are faves if i'm not getting the regular flavor.  Their crispy chicken is also very yummy!  Their monster toast is awesome as well :)
4	My daughter and I stopped In for a late night snack. We decided to come here after seeing numerous IG posts from my friend Nelson Q  :)  Items tried:  Avocado Slush with Boba, Watermelon Milk Tea with Boba and an order of Potstickers.  All were yummy, although the potsticker sauce was a bit on the oily side (despite mixing prior to dipping).  Service was quick and staff were friendly. Parking was a little difficult since this strip mall Is so busy but luckily we were able to find a spot on the opposite end .
3	This place is alright. There's nothing special. It's a nice place to get a quick boba fix. Their boba is just alright. Whenever I go at night, it's always super busy. During the day, it's a lot slower and much quieter. They have a ton of options for their food which includes lots of appetizers such as crispy chicken, crispy squid or french fries. In my opinion, the french fries are way overpriced.  Their juicy steak is pretty good. I usually get half pepper and half mushrooms. It is a huge steak, and they will put noodles on top which is delicious! I usually come here to chat with friends and just play cards or hang out. The service is usually horrible as most of the workers do not speak English well. It's better just to point at things. Don't expect great service because they won't give it to you. The food is so so.The last time I went, I ordered a milk tea. My friend ordered a Jasmine Milk Tea with boba. The price was higher than I thought, and I assumed with a new menu meant that prices went up. However, the girl charged for boba. She already made the drink, and I didn't want to create a huge fuss and demand a new drink. It was a minor inconvenience, though.
4	I ate here with friends during our lunch break.I had the Spicy Crispy Chicken with rice. It was served in a bento-like box with eggs & tomato, some vegetables, and a brown egg (some kind of preserved egg thing?). It was pretty good. Not terrible spicy, just enough to taste some heat.I think this place is Korean since K-pop performances were showing on the TV. But the bento thing just kind of confuses me.The service was pretty good. Our waters and food came quickly and we were able to make it back on time. I even had enough to take home for dinner.I'd come again for lunch.
4	Our first visit was good! Hubby got the avocado smoothie; the consistency of the smoothie was on point and the boba was fresh, soft and chewy. I wanted to try the snow ice, so the server helped me pick one out- Strawberry with milk snow ice. It was pretty good, especially the fresh strawberries, but really sweet with both strawberry syrup and condensed milk toppings. I think I'll try the mixed fruit one next time for more fruit variety and go light on the condensed milk. Definitely a hole on the wall, hidden in a strip mall. Just get past the cigarette butt infested outside and it'll be ok. We will definitely come back to try more!
5	Slush $4.75Snow ice $6.50Yogurt drink $3.95Appetizers $5.00-$7.25- Chicken, Squid ball, Takoyaki, Fish ball, Lobster ball, Tempura, Pork chop & French friesRice & noodles $6.25-$8.95- Pork & ChickenJapanese/Korean style $7.25-$10.25- Beef gyudon
5	I used to go to Tea Station until I discovered this gem. They have all the same flavors but at a cheaper price. I've been coming here since early 2012. I'd like to say I'm a regular. I try and stop by at least once a week. The rule for tea is as follows, hot tea on cold days and cold tea on hot days. If you don't follow this rule you shouldn't drink tea. My favorite is the Royal Milk Tea. I've tried most of the others but my go to is the Royal Milk. I usually just get the tea. I've had Monster Toast a few times. The atmosphere is ambient. They play Mandarian pop which is a fine touch. The staff is very kind and part of the reason I always come back.
3	AMBIANCE: 3 - It's just super simple decor and seating. Nothing super special, but it gets the job done! The place is confusingly decorated--it needs a makeover! SERVICE: 4 - The service was actually pretty good. They were really attentive and nice. FOOD: 2 - Don't order the chicken. It's not that great. I think the fish balls that I ordered were pretty good, but I tend to order foods that restaurants can really mess up! They did season the fish balls, and I didn't like that because they didn't need it at all. Usually you just cook the fish balls and let their taste do their magic, sometimes even have sauces with them.It seems to me that the boba is better than the rest of their drinks. I ordered a Yogurt Slush in Strawberry, and it was just way too sweet, and not pleasant towards the end of the drink. If they found a way to make the slush taste more yogurty, I would like it a lot better!
1	This is a little boba place next to Cue D's. After playing some pool, we came here to grab a drink. One of the girls working there seated us down. After awhile the other girl, obviously both girls weren't fluent in English, came over to take our order. My friend asked what she recommend and she rudely said, "not ready" and walked away.Both girls were so rude. After we finished, I noticed the two girls were sitting in the behind us with their friends and not attending to any of the customers until the owner said something. It took forever for one of them to come over and give us the check. I ordered the green milk tea with boba and ice cream and honey toast. My milk tea tasted like really strong perfume and the honey toast had no ice cream or honey or anything. It was very hard. '
3	...Well I don't dislike this place, and that's saying something, considering I avoided Icy Juicy like the plague.The last time I was here was 2011. The service was horrible, the drinks were expensive and not very good, and it just wasn't a very great time.Fast forward to 2014 and I decided to give them a second chance. It was an okay experience, which is a vast improvement on my previous one.Service: Prompt, curt, kind of awkward but it's okay.Drinks: I had the hot royal milk tea with boba, which was actually really good.Price: Still too expensive for me...I probably wouldn't go back unless a friend invited me again and I was already in the area. I would definitely be down if someone was treating though! *hint hint
3	No special menu or late menu.  Boba tea regular priced, no special sizes.  Flavors are the usual suspects.  Not bad but not outatanding.  Service: speaks mandarin chinese and english.  Bento box is best deal.
4	Decor is mehh.. But if you're looking for boba teas and slushies this is a good place to try. We usually get our drinks to go as the place is kinda small and they are usually busy. Taro slushie is the best.
3	Decent cute Taiwanese joint located in yet another strip plaza. They give you free tea with your lunch purchase so I scored free milk tea! Which was delicious by the way.I ordered the braised pork over rice but the pieces of meat were quite fatty and large. It wasn't minced as I was expecting. The flavor was all right.The tie ban noodles turned out to be spaghetti to my dad's dismay. He was very shocked to find that such a dish existed in a Taiwanese restaurant.My sister got the wonton noodle soup and she thought that it was too bland for her tastes.
3	We always end up going here before or after Cue Ds or Q Karaoke.  I'm still a little sad about Fresh Cup.  The only thing I really eat here is the crispy chicken.  It's a good portion, enough to share with 4 people or if you are sitting a chatting it can probably feed more. It's very tasty and this is the only place that you can get it. It's definitely something to try.On my last visit here I ordered the lavender milk tea hot and my boyfriend ordered the iced royal milk tea.  The royal milk tea tasted good, so lucky for my boyfriend ! As for me, my lavender milk tea lacked any lavender flavor. Although lavender is a very mild flavor, it is highly distinguishable. Sadly, I did not taste it in there. On the upside, the appetizer baskets were cute and the mug with the ladle was even cuter.I give the service two stars.  There was too many misunderstandings with our orders and we were not too difficult.  The waitress never ever checked up on us again. We were waiting for our check for a long time. I'll be back again mostly because of the location,  but hopefully the drinks taste like they're suppose to and the servers give better service next time.
3	I would say this place has one of the better boba places I've tried in Vegas. They have a pretty good selection of milk teas and slushies and they have shaved ice! It's like a Tapioca Express but better because I actually like this place and I hate TapEx.
