2	I haven't posted in a while but my Fiance and I just had an interesting experience...We ordered $44.00 worth of sushi for delivery from Sushi Hoshimi. The sushi is fantastic and it's unfortunate that the delivery driver almost intruded into our apartment demanding more tip. He was extremely aggressive, put his foot in our door! He even threatened to call his boss. lol. Did he? No. My Fiance ended up closing the door on his face - he had no choice, I saw it. Never in our lives has this happened to us before. This driver was totally crazy. We've ordered for delivery 3 times and EACH time he was rude. As I said, the sushi is great, but this made my jaw drop. We order from somewhere else now. The sushi is good at Sushi Hoshimi, but not *that* good. :-S
4	Awesome, cosy, small place. Staff extremely friendly. Not stingy at all. Ask for a glass of water and they give you a bottle.  Sushi tastes great, too.
5	Its a little gem a few blocks away from my house, the restaurant is small so I ordered for the first time for pick-up and it was delicious, very very helpful and friendly staff.
5	This sushi place should NOT have any negative reviews. I absolutely LOVE their sushi, it's always made so fresh and tasty!! The staff doesn't speak english very well but they always manage to make u understand when u ask them questions. It's a little family business and it will always be my num 1 sushi shop for my cravings!!
5	I love this place! Maybe it's because my parents own a small diner and I see them work their fingers to the bone for nothing other than the love of owning their own place -- but I love cute mom and pop restaurants like this. Especially since up until now my experiences with sushi in Montreal have either been to sushi buffets with questionable quality and hygiene, or Sushi Shop where the lack of soul is palpable. Never one to turn down a good bargain for quality sushi, I am so happy this place is here. Prices are affordable (comparable if not better than Sushi Shop), sushi is fresh and high quality, and you support a family-owned business. Contrary to another review I had no communication issues with the owners. They take orders by the item number, so unless you need elaborate explanations or to make complicated changes to an item, I can't foresee any language issues. Recommend this place for take-out (they also deliver) or a casual sit-down meal with loved ones.
5	Love this place we always keep on going back there it's always fresh and clean the food and quality is at its top the service is good and it's made on the spot no prepare in advance made meals and if you ask the chef you can watch how she makes it and as far for delivery it's always the same driver and I give him 2$ .... And he always appreciative of what I give him
