1	I took my car to them to get the AC evac'd and refilled with freon. The guy who did it overfilled it so the compressor seized up. I paid them $82 for this crap job. When I went back to them they said they couldn't do anything about it and tried to shunt me to some mechanic they "work with", along with a coupon, which makes me suspect there's shenanigans going on between these two businesses.  Now I'm looking at paying at least another $750 to get my AC repaired, with no apology or refund from Jiffy Lube for breaking my system. The company hasn't even responded to the email I wrote them after the last visit. I won't be going to their "friend" for repairs, that's for sure! I've been taking cars to this Jiffy Lube for years and am VERY disappointed that they would treat a long-time customer like this. What happened, Jiffy Lube? You used to be cool!Anyway, don't take your car here. They'll break it.
1	Yelp needs a -1 star rating. After writing Jiffy Lube about this matter so they would know to check their equipment and/or tech, I heard nothing from them. So I wrote the review above.Later that week I got a call from a guy at Jiffy Lube who asked me to send him a copy of the repair bill. I was surprised but I faxed him a copy. I probably should have asked "Why?" but I figured they wanted to see that I had gotten the compressor replaced so they could follow up with the Jiffy Lube shop I'd gone to.Well, today I heard from the mechanic I went to for the repairs. He wanted to know why some guy from Jiffy Lube was taking pictures of his property and asking for the parts they replaced as well as paperwork from him. Mind you: I never asked for a refund or anything from Jiffy Lube. I just complained to them via their website and later here on Yelp. So I wondered too: Why was Jiffy Lube doing this? I called back the fellow whom I'd talked to before and asked him what was going on. He told me Jiffy Lube takes complaints like this seriously and they were investigating. He also told me the mechanic was wrong, that he didn't take pictures of the place. After a 15-minute conversation that amounted to his telling me: "You haven't proven anything!" I told him he was only reinforcing why I should never do business with Jiffy Lube again. He tried to tell me he was doing this for my benefit as well as looking out for Jiffy Lube's interests, at which point I asked him:"Have you even tested your equipment?" He said no, they hadn't. So instead of starting at the source of the complaint - the Jiffy Lube branch - he went looking to acquire parts of my car without my knowledge. Jiffy Lube didn't ask me for the old parts or for more documentation. They didn't say anything to me except the one "send us the repair bill so we can look into it" phone call, until I called them back. The way this matter has been handled has *really* convinced me that Jiffy Lube is NOT worth the loyal business I've given them over the years. I will never trust them to handle another car of mine again. I can't even trust them to handle a complaint. My advice: Steer well clear of this place. It'll cost you time and money you don't want to spend.
5	These guys are fast, hard-working and straight forward. They listened to my questions and Anthony patiently answered them. They identified and corrected parts incorrectly installed by the dealership. The manager,John, also made a point to follow-up and make sure that I was pleased with the service. Overall great service.
1	Used to be fast.  Not currently.  Very slow service.  Left and went to another jiffy lube location
5	We love this place....enough to take time to write a review! We have lived nearby for 10 yrs. and the location is convenient, but honestly the service wasn't always as great as it's been lately. I Qualify this statement with the fact that we have 5 vehicles and believe in 3000 mile servicing. I learned on my last servicing that it has been  under new management for the past 8 months. I  feel great when I leave, knowing that I'm driving away in a well serviced and inspected truck. What a great team they have over there!
5	I have been taking my vehicles to this location for years, and have been very happy with the service. I now have a fleet vehicle and was servicing it for the first time. I wasn't even clear on how to handle the billing  situation. Justin was incredibly helpful to me and called the fleet company and took care of it for me. I will definitely be taking the vehicle here for every synthetic oil change  and some repairs.
