3	Cold Stone makes some of the best ice cream and yogurts we ever had for a premium price. This is not a bad thing. But it does show you in real world terms, how the "In-elasticity of Demand" works. We love their ice cream! We love their ice cream; BUT -- $10.42 for two cups with two scoops each seems to stretch things a bit. Sorry for the pun. It was easier when they were offer coupons in the Sunday papers, but no more. So until the coupons start showing up again, this will only be a monthly treat. Sorry!
4	I'll have to say, I've never been disappointed with anything I've ever gotten though I have to skip eating for the next few days to make up for it!  Not the healthiest stuff in the world!
4	Every Monday, I pick my daughter up early from her pre-school. We've decided that we would commemorate these special occasions with ice cream! Typically, we'll hit up the Desert Ridge Mall on our way back to Scottsdale from North Phoenix. But, today, we opted for something different.As we were mapping out our route home, we noticed that there was a Cold Stone Creamery on the way. PERFECT!Now, I've been to Cold Stone before...but my daughter had not. So, when she saw they myriad of flavors they had to offer, her eyes lit up like Christmas! More often than not, she's a "cake batter" (or some derivation thereof) type of girl. But, today, she was mesmerized by the "Cotton Candy" ice cream...perhaps because it was an awesome light blue color...perhaps just because it was called "Cotton Candy". Who knows...either way, she had made her choice. She thought she was finished making her choices, but then the ice cream peddler really threw her for a loop. She showed her all of the different additives that could completely change your ice cream future! My daughter stared in wonderment at the choices...Reece's Cups...chocolate chips...chocolate shavings...coconut...gummy bears...sprinkles...heath bars...I think we all get the idea.Not known for being overly adventurous, my daughter opted for sprinkles mixed in with her treat. But, even though it was a simple addition, my daughter couldn't have been more pleased with her choice. Her permanent smile and blue lips were all I needed to know she was in ice cream heaven.For me, I opted for a simple mint ice cream with chocolate chips mixed in...simple but effective. But, I wasn't there for me...I was there for the time with my daughter. As we sat and enjoyed our early desserts, I noticed that Cold Stone has really expanded their menu. They have ice cream, of course. But they also have healthy alternatives, including fruit smoothies. Plus, they have cookies. I'm definitely going to remember that in the event that I want a cookie-based treat...which I most definitely will. (Hey...I'm only human...cookies are good.)Overall, we had a great time. I can't really comment on the service all that much, as all of my time was devoted to my daughter. But, she had an ear to ear grin on her face...that's gotta be worth at LEAST four stars in my book.
5	Cold Stone is my favorite Ice Cream.  Until I moved to the Phoenix area, I wasn't aware of this creamy piece of Heaven.  Something about their Ice Cream.....is it the soft, gooey consistency? hmmm.... or the perfect combination of toppings to make a creation that you crave?  I dunno....All I know is that over the past 2 yrs, I've come to know and love their Ice Cream.  Some of my favs:Sweet Cream & Oreo Cookies and Creamhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ypcnpQxy-Cj6wPtcaR15eg?select=AGkegFWMFtewUCRhiEJvqA#AGkegFWMFtewUCRhiEJvqAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ypcnpQxy-Cj6wPtcaR15eg?select=9yJUmq6RDziGLyZMveYhBw#9yJUmq6RDziGLyZMveYhBwOreo Cookie Overload (my all time fav)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ypcnpQxy-Cj6wPtcaR15eg?select=NXmRKR6WRde1C5AVs-gK8g#NXmRKR6WRde1C5AVs-gK8gCoffee & Oreo Cookies and Creamhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ypcnpQxy-Cj6wPtcaR15eg?select=MWcMVQ9D9vxy5P0r0ZJAUw#MWcMVQ9D9vxy5P0r0ZJAUwBrownie a la Cold Stonehttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ypcnpQxy-Cj6wPtcaR15eg?select=WJiJ9J0IybmjfDUO5Yeynw#WJiJ9J0IybmjfDUO5YeynwThey serve in 3 sizes:Like It - SmallLove It - MediumGotta Have It - LargeEven though my waistline is saying "go for the Like It"....my tastebuds end up taking over and I order the "Love It".....argh!  Damn you Cold Stone!The kids that work at the store are really nice and do a very good job.Return Factor - 100%
5	This is a nice place to go for ice cream. There is easy parking and almost enough seating. Staff is always friendly. There are many choices and you choose the way you want it prepared. The problem we have is that we always end up with too much and we can only blame ourselves. It always tastes great which helps us get over the part when we pay more than we expected. You pay for what you get. Therefore we don't go as often as we are tempted. I like it!
3	Yummy ice cream as always. I had the founders favorite and it was a good combination pecans brownie and Carmel sauce in sweet cream ice cream. Tasty but could have been mixed a little better. My wife had a custom and got skimped on raspberries because the container was empty kinda disappointing staff was nice. Will return when in the mood for a tasty treat. Beware trans fat is lurking in most of their ice creams!!
1	We love coldstone. But everyone we go to this location there are seven people in line and one person working. We would end up leaving because of the wait and also feel bad for the only employee. I don't understand the owners reasoning for understaffing and losing our business.
1	With guests in town wanting an ice cream treat, we passed on visiting local favorites Sweet Republic and Sugar Bowl and chose this Cold Stone location instead. We arrived to two employees to handle our order of 6 desserts. The female employee spilled the chocolate sample offered down the front of the display case (and never took the five seconds it required to clean it, the entire time of our stay there). In an order that added strawberries, the frozen (not fresh) strawberries seemed to be a significant challenge, because as she attempted to mash the frozen fruit with her scooper (rather than slice them), she twice only succeeded in propelling them across the restaurant. This caused her to laugh about how she couldn't handle them. The replacement berries proved only half as challenging, only sending one into the atmosphere. She moved on to the banana, and had to be asked to include a second strawberry into the cream. The second order that included strawberries did successfully manage to keep any from escaping, but the strawberries themselves weren't so much "folded" in to the mix, as the less frozen outer layer of the fruit was just assaulted off the fruit's frozen core, leaving behind strawberry-tinged ice chunks.Finally, It was time for them to make a simple chocolate shake with heath bar. Small. The attendant poured an excessive-but-unmeasured volume of milk into the blender, and scraped the sides of the chocolate cream tin and added it. She then moved on to another order in the back (I think she went on a quest for a cookie). This left the other clerk to take over, and he proceeded to blend the shake for well over a minute. One in my party said, "I hope you wanted chocolate milk, because that's what you're going to get."  The clerk affirmed my suspicions of this by complaining to the first, "This is way too watery."  Then, he turned and offered it to me!  "Would you like whipped cream on this?" he asked. I said, "I'm not taking this," certain that if whipped cream were added, the shake didn't have enough consistency to keep the added cream from sinking to the bottom.  My refusal didn't elicit any apology, or an offer to start over. The first clerk did ask, "do you want me to make something else?" But her initial effort and the now-long line (at least 10 patrons deep) were enough disincentive to keep me from giving this dynamic duo another shot. My out-of-town guests said, "We'll never go to another Cold Stone." And we locals will have a story for a long time coming of our Bogus Cold Stone adventure, every time we treat our guests to Sugar Bowl or Sweet Republic.
5	Love the peanut butter ice cream !!!!!  Please keep it in stock!!!!  Friendly, clean and my favorite dessert place in Scottsdale!!!
5	Love the peanut butter ice cream with peanut butter cups!!!  Please keep it in stock!  Friendly, clean environment.... This is my favorite dessert spot in Scottsdale!
4	Good service and what I expected.    A bit slow but we got through the line
