4	If you have a Mercedes or BMW you can't go wrong with these guys. They are reasonably priced and quote all work in advance. They give you straight up answers And fix what is needed. I won't takes my cars anywhere else.
1	After getting an oil change here a few times, I needed brakes but had got my own parts as there was some special ones I wanted.  Called to get my car in for service and was refused as "they won't make enough money"   I was willing to pay whatever and got my own parts as I wanted better ones then were available locally.  Customer lost!
5	Its impossible to top the service and courtesy these guys render.  I'd never even dream of going anywhere else for my S320 or 300TE.Straight-up, no gimmick quotes on their parts and labor.  NEVER any upselling.  Good speed and very fair prices, and they're comfortable with every platform (W123, W124, W220, etc.) you could throw at them.Two fellas in particular make this place hum in perfect tune....Kenny the Owner, and Edis, the preeminent mechanic.  If you talk to either of these guys, you know you're in good hands!
5	These guys are great.  I took my car to another MB shop which was professional enough but which was going to charge me more than the dealer and it was going to take two days.  I talked to Mike and they fixed me up in half a day at a significant savings. Very nice people and a pleasure to deal with also.  Highly recommended.
5	These guys are great. To bad all shops can't be like this. If you drive a German car and live in Phoenix or Scottsdale save yourself some trouble and bring your car here first.Thank you guys.
5	Had a great experience with this company.  Saved quite a bit by bringing our car here. Wish we hadn't thrown so much money away at the dealership in the past!
2	My rear window got stuck, called this place, they got me right in. They tell me my regulator is broken, $135 for the part, $165 for the labor, but my window motor is fried. Since they didn't have another motor they say they will take of 30min off the labor charge if I come back.  Why two stars? The invoice quoted the cost of $195 for parts (motor) and 1hr labor, basically another $300+. I go online and find out $195 was the cost of a regulator AND motor. A motor by itself cost at most $60, $30 on the low end. I take my door panel off and remove the motor in 5 min (literally). I can understand rounding up and all, but since they bill in 30min increments, why round a 10 min job to 1 1/2 hours?  Customer service is good and all, but over charging for parts and labor.....not for me.
4	Our experience with this business was positive.  It is a busy place located just south of Thomas on the west side of Scottsdale Rd.  The owner, Kenny, & mechanics provided prompt, knowledgeable and courteous service.  Best of all, they diagnosed and solved a problem not resolved by a MB dealer service dept while we were traveling in CA.  There is a comfy & clean wait lounge with lots of natural light, a flat screen and plenty of reading materials.
