5	Serves breakfast and lunch and there is a bakery.  All you can drink coffee in the mornings; omletts, benedicts, and the pancakes especially are delicious!  Some-chef-from-Madison-from-some-well-known-restaurant invented some of the lunches, they can't be beat!  If you are sick of the Madison breakfast scene the distance to the Village Cafe is worth an additional star.  The eating area itself is light and open with high ceilings and visible salvaged barn beams, blah blah blah, just eat there!
5	Best breakfast in town..Our favorite place to go on Sunday mornings!
5	It's a great, family oriented place to grab a yummy bite whether you are in a rush or want to stay a while. The staff are amazing and sweeter than pie!
4	I absolutely love going out for breakfast during the week. Though I am very happy with my hometown breakfast places, I felt the urge to try something different, so I loaded up a kid and drove to Cottage Grove. The outside of this place is so unassuming that I drove by it twice. It's in the middle of a strip mall and does not have a large sign. Also, it is a small space and had quite a few tables but didn't seem crowded (we sat in a booth). I was surprised at the size of the menu. So many skillet breakfasts! I had the greek skillet and really liked it (they obligingly left out the onions). It had a couple of eggs on top and a little cup of tzaziki. I ate just over half and was completely full. My son couldn't decide between the Mickey Mouse pancakes and the chocolate chip pancakes, luckily the waitress asked if he wanted chocolate chip Mickey Mouse pancakes. A little thing, but it made him very happy. It came with a whipped cream face and two strips of bacon (he used the bacon to give it a unibrow - proud mom here). Not a big eater, but he ate it all and said he'd go back. So, very nice casual small-town*** place.  *** Not an insult. There's nothing wrong with small towns.
2	I must have walked into the wrong restaurant. After reading such high reviews, I thought this restaurant could not be beat!  Wrong.  I should have gone to my usual place, the Cottage Cafe. I was tempted because this place served gyros.I ordered gyro meat with eggs, potatoes and toast. The gyro was old and dry.  I could tell it had been reheated because the edges were crumbly. The eggs were good, the hash browns were good and the toast was good. However, nothing was great. The coffee was ok.  It was coffee. They had some fun creamer options (caramel, irish, vanilla). However, this is not enough to make a great breakfast spot.
2	Breakfast Review Only:Pretty easy to find location directly on Cottage Grove Rd (coming from Madison it will be located on your left in a strip mall 1/4 mile after the Piggly Wiggly).The Good- My coffee tasted good (I drink it black ~ exactly how coffee should be!). Not a single time did I look down on an empty cup. The 3 servers they had working walked around consistently with coffee pots. Service overall was alright. Our food was ordered and delivered to the table with in about 10 mins. for 4 people. They had an excellent selection of bread (including rye and sour dough!!!!) for choices as an accompaniment with your breakfast choice. Everything looked very clean and organized! Plenty of parking! I would say a solid 3.5/4 stars for the good. But, I went for food....so here comes the Bad...The Bad:I ordered the Greek Gyro Skillet. It was simple hash browns in a bowl layered with very, very small sliced gyro meet (I had a hard time finding any to tell the truth). A few sprinkles of feta cheese, like 3 small chopped tomatoes (like they ran out or something) and supposedly some onions? 2 eggs scrambled on the very top. Everything unseasoned and plain. They threw in a very small plastic container of yogurt sauce....but I'm not sure what for since I didn't have anything resembling a gyro in this. I got the sour dough bread as my side choice. 2 slices that came with a small amount of butter tossed on. Blah.Unfortunately, the other 3 people I was with said about the same thing for there ordered food as well....Maybe we came on a bad morning. Maybe the cook had a rough Saturday night? I don't know. Based off the other reviews my expectations were too high. It is very quiet in here. Please turn up some music or something to fill the dark noise. Kind of a major let down.Will I try it again: Yes.....Gyro's were $5.75, and I'm game to try one eventually down the road when I'm craving a close Gyro to my home proximity. I'm such a sucker for a Gyro.
