5	Amazing! Just like a lot of people I don't trust just anyone with cutting and styling my hair. I was referred to Steph by a friend and it was the best choice I made. She listened to exactly what I wanted and did just that! I love my hair and I can't wait to go back!
5	Awesome hair stylist. Knows exactly what to do and knows what looks best. Stephanie has done my hair seven times now and styled me for a few photo shoots and events. She is also an awesome make up artist! Book an appointment and you won't be disappointed!
5	Stephanie is hands down the best hair stylist in Arizona. She is the only person I trust with my hair. She is always willing to put her customers first and has great fashion sense. She understands what hair color matches specific individuals and gives you great advice. I would honestly recommend Stephanie to anyone that needs a new updated look. She is great with make up and eye brow waxing as well.
5	I have been going to Stephanie for almost three years now and she is amazing. Great service and my color always turns out fabulous. I send all my friends her way!
5	Holy Highlights!  This lady is amazing at hair wonderment.  We've been seeing her regularly for more than a year and it's like visiting with family.  Strong customer service and shares serious knowledge for understanding the best in hair care. She takes care of our hair style needs (results are lively, young and elegant) and  she makes sure we're using good, healthy products that keeps our hair vibrant. When you go to Stephanie you get a talented artist with sharp business acumen. She's just about to finish up her business degree and then - watch out, world.
5	Stephanie at Last Wave Salon is by far the best hairstylist in Arizona. She is always professional and provides the best services. She is honest and always willing to work with the needs of her clients. Stephanie has been doing my hair for three years now and I would NEVER consider going to anyone else. She does everyone in my families hair as well. If you are looking for someone who keeps up to date on all the styles and is amazing look no further than Stephanie Hoang. I can't say enough great things about how I feel after I leave the salon.
5	No lie one of the best hair styles I've seen even though all I get is a fauxhawk I've seen her other customers hair and their all amazing. She knows her hair and her products.  Tell her your problem she'll tell you how to fix it.
5	Every time I go to Stephanie to get my hair colored and cut she is amazing. I trust her completely with my hair and just let her take charge. She is always professional and is an awesome stylist. I cant wait to get my hair done by her on Friday! It needs some serious help from Stephanie.
5	I recently booked an appointment with Stephanie to get my hair cut. I didn't know what to expect when arriving but I was very impressed with the results. She is very professional and I would suggest her to anyone. She does it all! Book now!
5	I have been Stephanie's client for the last 4 years. She's very professional, upbeat and a cool hair stylist. Not only she knows what I want for coloring and cut, she also knows what products are good for my hair. I'm very impressed with her professionalism and . Every cut or hair coloring I did with Stephanie, it is quality and exceeds my expectation. I highly recommend Stephanie to any client and stand by my recommendation.
5	The girls at Last Wave are AMAZING!! Stephanie has only done my flashpoint extensions once, but I will definitely be back! It is about 2.5 months since she placed them and I have had less than 10 come out. I can't wait for my next full set in a few months!Jenna has been doing my hair for years and I fly in from North Carolina just to have her cut/color it.Not only is it in a prime, easy access location in Scottsdale, but these ladies actually care about the health and look of your hair. They are extremely talented, honest, trustworthy, and they use some of the best products there are. Honestly, you can take your whole family! They know their hair, styles, trends, and will send you away with exactly wha you want!!I only recommend these girls for any of my friends hair needs!!
5	stephanie did an awesome job with my cut! she offers me great service but also accompanies me with great laughter! she does an amazing job every time I've been there and I've been going to her for years! my wife and i enjoy spending time at her salon and love that the atmosphere is so welcoming!
5	Stephanie saved my hair. My hair is the healthiest it has ever been and styles it the best. She did my friends whole wedding too and everyone was totally satisfied and loves her. I recommend her 100%
5	Most professional service by Stephanie Hoang. She knows exactly what she is doing. I won't go to another salon and I live in Oregon. I fly out almost  monthly to get my hair colored and cut.
