2	I was going to wait to see if I received my deposit back until I posted something. So by the lower rating you can tell I got a bill instead of a return. My stay at Villas at South Mountain was an experience I don't care to redo. I moved in and the toilet was loose and I reported it immediately and the service guy who barely spoke English showed and told me he had to order parts. I had to use the wobbly toilet for 3 months until I went to the office and complained. I also complained about the washer and they just used parts off of another broken washer to kinda make it work. (Not the same model) So since the dials didn't match up the service guy took a marker and drew where there were supposed to be. I complained and finally after waiting and spending an excessive amount on my electric bill, I finally got a new washer and dryer. The reason behind my high electric bill was because it would take 2 hours to dry a normal sized load. The walls are paper thin so makes sure you are friends with your neighbors cause you will hear their business. Parking especially sucks when your neighbors drive a big Tahoe and have 5 kids living with them. I received more door dings in that apartment then I ever have in my life. When I confronted the neighbor about it, he threatened my life and threatened that he would break into my home to jump me if I ever complained about it. I reported him to the office and I still don't think anything was ever done about it. I just bit my tongue and finished out my contract. I wasn't even living in my apartment the last 3 months. I was staying at my girlfriends house. To top it off when I moved out, the apartment was in better shape then when I moved in and I received a bill instead of my deposit back. They charged me pest control, which in my mind should be covered by the complex. I was charged to clean the carpets in which I was told in the beginning that they are going to remodel after I move out. So I shouldn't be charged for cleaning a rather clean carpet that they are going to tear out and replace anyway. So basically if you care to check this place out, shop around and spend the little extra money.
1	Where or where to begin, I've been living at villas for about 4 months now. Upon moving in my air conditioner did not work, the stove wouldn't turn on, a light bulb was out in the bathroom and I still can get the light switches to work in the bedroom and living room. In my opinion this should have all been taken care of before a new tenant moves in. If you love noise and can sleep through anything sure go ahead move in, but if not beware. The walls are paper thin, and I swear if I didn't know better if think the windows were open 24hrs. You hear everything!!! Oh and im sure you'll just love the sound of a leaf blower at 6am!!! Being on the bottom floor is the worst my upstairs neighbors must be having the Olympics going on with all the banging I hear. There is also a major bug infestation, the complex charges a monthly pest control fee which Is just a waist. I've had 2 scorpions in my kitchen, a mouse that ran across my patio while I was outside, a couple roaches out by my front door, pincher bugs consistently in my bathroom and kitchen oh and last but not least the crickets!!!! They are Everywhere!!!!! Once it gets dark those little puppies are out and about, God forbid you get to enjoy a nice evening on your patio, even a walk to the mailbox or trash they are jumping on you,  so be prepared to make a run for it and get inside fast! To have the pest control spray in your apartment you must submit a request, I've requested this 3 times, still waiting for them to come. After I called and complained about all the insects I was told "well this is just there habitat" uh no, I'm sorry but my apartment is not there nesting ground. I previously lived across the street at Vista Suereno and never had any problems with bugs or noise and that's right next to a huge feild so I have no clue what management is trying to pull. I highly suggest looking at different places I'm the area and avoid this complex at all cost!
1	This place is rough. The front office is rude and acts like you are bothering them if you enter their office. They seem annoyed if tut want to drop off your rent or pick up a package.  This place needs a total make over.  Should have paid a little more to live down the stteey.
