5	Xk120 owner. Asked a jag owner friend for a good mechanic and he gave me a short list.  I chose BAR due to location convenient to me.   The experienced mechanics and great front office team make for a terrific experience .  They gave the car a checkup and added disc brakes. All work on time and on the agreed upon budget.   Good people to do business with.
5	I highly recommend Greg and his staff at British Auto. They have taken great care of  our cars over the years. They have always been more than willing to go out of their way to explain the work and associated cost of the repairs. Unlike the dealers, when there is a problem, they do not go and replace every single part that could be remotely related to the problem at great expense. They actually take the time to identify the problem and correct it. I know I have literally saved thousands of dollars compared to what I used to spend elsewhere. That being said, Jaguars are still complex vehicles that are not inexpensive to maintain. Unfortunately some people don't  understand this, complain and probably should be driving an old Toyota instead of a Jag
5	If you are an owner/ enthusiast of British motorcars, especially Jaguars, this is the place the place for you.   Exceptional product knowledge, best parts and modification advice you could hope for.. and VERY decent and fair service pricing.  Want to love your Jaguar all aver again?  Go visit Greg!
5	If you live in Phoenix Metro area, this is the only British Automotive shop to use!!! I have had several luxury vehicles. Currently my second Jaguar Vanden Plas. Greg and his staff are the best at what they do and put customer relations and customer service as priority number one. Prices are fair and they tend  to fix and check on minor issues without additional billing. I have referred others there that thank me for doing so!:)
1	Went to look at there shop and the owner was beyond rude and ended up yelling in my face and also clapping right in my face because we parked in the wrong spot. I believe that man has anger issues i wouldn't recommend going there. RUDE SERVICE.
5	Greg and the boys take care of my 3 Jaguars, and my 2 Astons. What more can I say. If they didn't do a great job I would have gone elsewhere. Besides, Greg is a great Ballroom and pole dancer and a hair model for GQ Magazine
