4	Upon first moving to Charlotte we were put in temporary housing at Cheswyck at Ballantyne. Although only there for about a month, I have to say that it was a great experience. Most of the people who lived there were there permanently, from what I could tell, and it was a nice little gated community. They have 2 pools, 2 gyms, and a business center with 4 computers. They also provide bike rentals for those of you into cycling. There were always plenty of chairs at the pools, and there was also a tennis court and two areas for grilling. Each unit has a balcony, washer/dryer and dishwasher, which was very convenient. We got to our 1 bedroom apartment late on a Saturday night and found everything totally in order, very clean and put together. Since it was a temporary set up our place was fully furnished, and even our kitchen table was set with wine glasses and 2 place settings. We couldn't have asked for more. They do require a one time non-refundable pet fee, and we found out after asking that this was so that each unit could be cleaned once you and your pet(s) leave. Our unit was spotless, and our cat would have definitely smelled the scent of another animal and he did not. He told me so. LOL, kidding of course - you pet owners can attest that you know when your animal could sense another (just go pet the neighbors dog for a few and then come back home to your pet).I have two gripes about Cheswyck: the first being that the gates are sometimes open, leaving access for anyone who wants to come in, and the second more minor gripe being the business center - they don't put paper in the printer. EVER. Because it got too expensive, I was told. I can't tell you how many times I drove or walked over there, only to remember I had no paper. ARG. Otherwise, great place to live.
1	First off, grounds and amentities are nice. Now, the bad. You live below someone, you are going to get plenty of noise from above you. Soundproofing is non existent and carpeting is thin. We lived in 320 and the person above was a heavy walker, up half the night, and was constantly dragging thins across the floor. We heard it all. Apartment interiors are alright, but wall patching and painting is sloppy.Staff is good and maintenance responded quickly when needed. Apartments are way overpriced.
1	This rental community does not offer its residences a recycling drop facility!
4	We were put hear for temporary housing I think the apt is nice the lay out is great.. The people are nice and the grounds are well kept! Safe and great location . Only issue is the proximity to the Main Street .. There is really nice friendly people hear and the back of this place backs to the ballentyne country club .so u can go running , walking back there .. My kids love the grassy hills we are thinking about leasing hear till our house is built . I recommend this complex
2	The grounds are clean however, the office staff and management are unprofessional and big liers.  They tell you one thing and then when it's time to perform they act lost and deny ever saying it. They are arrogant money hungry bitches. Excuse my french but they are trifiling. I should have took the red flag when I was having problems before I even moved in. I can't wait until my lease is up the beginning of the year. The maintenance have been the only ones to keep their words and do what they need to do in a professional manner so far.
1	I moved into this apartment complex thinking it was the middle of the road. Not too expensive not too cheap, great area... Appeared to look very nice from the outside. My husband and I spent months deciding on where we should live and after viewing their "Phase 1" Carlisle (or something) floor plan we were convinced we made the right choice. We asked the people working what the difference between Phase 1 and 2 were and they told us that the living room was 20 sq ft bigger. We thought it was a no brainer. When we went to do the walk through in our apartment we noticed 1. living room was bigger and master bedroom was SMALLER! Including the walk in closet, it was a joke! 2. Kitchen was smaller, no counter space OR storage space for appliances because they decided to put the pantry on the side where the counter space was rather than all the way to the back. After moving in in October our air conditioning broke after 2 weeks. Since it was a warm October they said they would make it an emergency and they would be there ASAP... They did not come until 4:30pm when I called it in around 10:30am After that our dryer had something wrong where it was burning our clothes and nobody came to fix it until 2 weeks later. Our fridge light went out and I was afraid that the fridge was broken and had stopped working so I called to have them come and fix that so all of my food did not spoil and once again they said since it was an emergency they would come ASAP and they got here around 4:00pm to fix it when I had called it in early that morning. We also started to have a mold problem on ALL of our windows because they are old and probably dry rotted and not put in to code and they still have not done anything about that. (Keep in mind we have been here since October and it is now December) Then a month later our microwave broke so they had to come and replace that and then our whole closet shelf in the guest room came down because they put the nails into the dry wall and not the studs. Last but not least (and probably more to come) I go to run the dishwasher tonight and it will not turn on We pay a lot to live in the area of Ballantyne. After living in an apartment complex before this for almost 2 years and not having any maintenance problems and paying LESS I am more than dissatisfied with our experience thus far. I guess in the meantime I'll be waiting for the washer or oven to break...
