4	I know, I know... avoid the chains and big box stores at all costs, but I just happened to be looking for a decent sandwich for lunch.  I stopped in and fell in like with a ton of college students (if you want to feel old, eat here).  Strange thing was that one of the employees came to the back of the line and took my order so I didn't have to stand in line.  Had the chicken ceasar wrap, which was good and the chicken was nice and hot.Still not too sure why they let me skip everyone in line, but I guess they work from the two ends and attack the line that way.  Oh well... sorry all those folks in the middle!The service was friendly and the place clean despite all the college kids.  Since the place is in a strip mall it would seem small when you see it from the street, but it's actually pretty roomy inside.
4	Clean, fast & friendly - that is this Jersey Mike's. Will the sandwiches ruin you for all other sandwiches in your life? No. But when your tummy's a rumblin' and you need a quick sammie in the University area, this location will suit just fine. The folks behind the counter crafting your sandwich and taking your payment are quite friendly. They also seem to really pay attention to regulars, and I really appreciate that. Yay for kind customer service. As for my turkey sub, it was fresh and as a regular size, pretty substantial. Get it, sub-stantial?! Hardy har har. The booths and tables are super clean as were the restrooms. All in all, Jersey Mike's has got it going on...oh, and they have Garden Salsa Sun Chips. That's my bag of chips, y'all.
4	This is your typical Jersey Mikes sub shop.  I am a big fan of Jersey Mikes in general since their subs remind me of the subs I got growing up in NY.  My favorite way to get my sub done up is "Mikes Way" with no onion - Lettuce, Tomatoes, Vinegar, Oil and Spices.  If you want a quick cheap lunch that is fresh, this is totally the way to go.  On Sunday, kids eat free at this location btw!
4	Good subs and cheesesteaks. Slammed at lunch. Clean. Plentiful parking.
3	I love love love me some Jersey Mikes! There is one sub in particular that I always get... THE ITALIAN! Now I dont like provolone and I always ask for pepper jack cheese instead, but to my surprise the University location shot down that delicious idea! They dont carry pepper jack! That was the least of my worries though because I can choose another cheese no biggie... the problem was that the techno/house music that the young team of employees were playing was too loud. So loud that I stopped in the middle of my order because it was hard enough to think let alone hear the words that were coming out of my own mouth. I had to repeat myself a couple of times. Once the initial ordering process was over I waited for the young man to freshly slice the yummy selection of meats for my sanwich when I heard him and two other employees cracking jokes about a customer that had just left. I understand young people like to have fun and joke around, but they could have picked a better time LIKE.... I don't know... after all of the customers had left. Summary of my experience....The music was too loud and I was disappointed in the way the employees carried themselves, but my food was delicious even with the swiss cheese. I wouldn't recommend this particular Jersey Mikes over another one, but I will continue to go there because it is close to where I live. If it wasnt convienient I would be finding another location to buy my favorite sub from.
1	This location always slacks on meats and cheeses.. This has happened the last 4 out of 5 times I visited this location. The deli items are sliced extremely thin, and load on the lettuce to make it look better. You would expect more for the price. All honesty, you are better off going somewhere else or a different location.
3	I can first start this off with Subway gives you more for you money but the subs here are sooo good! The peper relish is awesome. Sometimes there are way too many people in line but you know you can't say that's bad. I guess the long line reflects how good the food is! Make it less pricey and I would come here more often.
4	Jersey Mike's brings back some good memories for me when I would visit New Jersey and order the Italian subs from the delis around Hoboken, Jersey City, Newark, North Bergen, and many other areas.They have perfected the Italian sub sandwiches nicely. This location in particular was very helpful and provided discounts. The young men working behind the counters were attentive, handled my order accurately, and promptly. Great job!I am a well balanced in my approach to food that entails me being a professional cook with many years experience in many types of cuisines from Latin America, Greek, Italian, American and many more. I take food as the ultimate pleasure in life along with many other things. I give my reviews based on my experiences eating out at least 2 times a day and 5-6 days a week. I rarely give 1 stars and most restaurants get an average rating 3 stars, with some very good restaurants or places receiving 4 stars, and those that stand out receive 5 stars. This close to the Interstates so it's easy access and a quick bite to eat.
3	Jersey Mikes has great subs so the food is fine. But this one could use a good cleaning. We went on a Sunday at 1:00. It wasn't crowded but it wasn't very clean. Staff was friendly & made our food quickly and just as we ordered it. Kids eat free on Sundays with purchase of a regular sub too.
1	A Tale of Two Franchisee's. I ate at the 7th Street location today & had an incredibly pleasant experience. However, it vastly reminded me of just how much of an abomination this University location is. I've never seen the lettuce any color other than white or brown. I've witnessed multiple employees wiping the vinegar soaked post-made sandwich lettuce drop-offs from the cutting board and back into the "fresh" lettuce bin as opposed to the garbage. I have never sat down at a clean table on an off-peak time during the weekday. The napkin bins apparently have never been cleaned as they're caked with every dried up condiment imaginable. Evidently I'm a glutton for punishment since I have been back a few times to give them chances to redeem themselves, yet return to work after eating and felt sick, twice. Do yourself a favor and stay away. If there were a TV show titled "Deli Rescue", Tohn Jaffer would "shut it down!!"
