5	Located on the mezzanine level of the south tower of Bally's, with floor-to-ceiling windows that allow natural light to flood the room while affording a nice view of the Strip, the Big Kitchen serves two buffets - brunch from 7:00am to 4:00pm, and dinner from 4:00pm onward. This set-up allows those who aren't particularly fond of standard breakfast fare like scrambled eggs and bacon to enjoy more substantial offerings - including a well-prepared prime rib - early in the day. If you time your arrival for 3:30pm or so, you'll pay the lower price - $12.95 when we were there last - but still be able to enjoy the more elaborate spread that makes its appearance a half hour later. Just keep in mind you won't be the only one with this thought in mind, or you'll find yourself at the end of a long line of bargain hunters. We've eaten here several times and never have been disappointed.
3	The food here is incredibly average. If you were in any other city and you could get a feast like this for $10-15 it would be well worth it. Butin The Buffet Capital of America? There are at least 20 or 30 better choices in the same price range. Not bad,but wouldn't be my first choice,that's all.
3	Big Kitchen Buffet @ Ballys..not too bad. Breakfast is $12.99, but if you go towards lunch you can get breakfast AND lunch for $12.99. The food is pretty average, and there isn't much selection. I agree with Michael, not as big as I thought. It reminded me very much of my college dorm cafeteria sadly.Service was on the low end. Our "waitress" never offered to refill our drinks (we always had to ask). She even asked me if I wanted my glass filled half or full.. of course full! What kind of question is that? She only offered us more drink as we were taking out our wallets for tip. OMG.
3	Really didn't find this buffet all that great. We got there kinda late, neither here nor there actually. The food wasn't really that appealing and as much as I would've liked to have gorged myself, there wasn't that much I really wanted to stuff my face with.Peel and eat shrimp.... my usual buffet fare.... a couple of crab legs. EH, no biggie.Much rather go to the Orleans and eat the same stuff at a fraction of the cost.Expected much more.
3	It was not the best I ever had but I ate it anyways...The chinese food which I would never eat in a buffett looked Horrible...I had a piece of prime rib and lots of peel and eat shrimp also some crab legs...2 people for 40.00 it was alright..I did see an award for most improved buffett in my opinion they still have a way 2 go
4	we were very suprised that this turned out to be one of the best services we had in vegas.  our champagne was always full... very friendly servers.... not the biggest selection, but we were very pleased with the whole experience.  we had a lva coupon for 2 for 1 ... which made champagne brunch - 13.99 for both of us.  we left the server a 20 dollar tip... definately willl return :)
5	Unlike the Le Village Buffet at the Paris. Ballys is also another of my favorite buffet in Las Vegas.Like what, I had wriiten in my other reviews about Las Vegas Buffets seafood and prime rib are my favorites.
1	Came here for a morning/lunch buffet and it sucked bad! My friends and I were hungover, not to mention starving, and were too lazy to walk over to Paris for their buffet so we decided to just try it here since we stayed in Bally's anyways.I didnt enjoy the food one bit. The good thing about this place is that it has quite a lot of seating so there wasn't any waiting when we arrived, but I dont think i'll ever be back.
1	ugh...this buffet made me sick.  I was eating my life away just fine.  And then I decided to have the crab legs.  Big mistake.  I walked back to my hotel feeling nauseated.  I spent the rest of my 21st birthday in the bathroom.  Enough said.
3	For some reason, whenever I go with the family to vegas, we end up eating here. Is there possibly a better place to eat than this buffet, I bet there is based on the other reviews here. But for some reason we keep going, mind you, we're not hitting up vegas every other week, this is like a 3-4 times a year kind of deal. Still, I go for the prime rib over and over, I figured you couldn't go wrong with that. The style of food here is, for lack of knowing the correct term, american. You're not coming here for an exotic type of eating experience, that's for sure, and in several cases, that's a good thing. Here at the big kitchen buffet, it turned out to be an OK thing, on account that the food isn't to die for, and you as far as my experience went, you won't die because of it either. The dining area is fairly large, and for the most part, the place has been kept clean. I remember one time we went there for dinner three consecutive nights, I don't know why.....but we did, and the service and everything remained consistent, so I wouldn't have big complaints about that in particular. So is there a better place you can go to? Probably. But I'm not native to the place, and I guess I really don't stray too far from my comfort zone once I find a place that suits me needs.
4	For the price...4 stars. All I ever eat in a good buffet is Prime Rib and Crab Legs anyway. What else can you ask for?  The buffet line is a little cheesy because it is in a kitchen. The dining room is set in  circa 1982. The service is a bit better than average. A lot of repeat customers come here, including myself.   You simply cannot beat the price.
3	The price isn't bad and it's a fair size buffet. I love it when they have the crab legs. The chicken is so yum, this buffet reminds me of Hometown Buffet, but a little better. The service here is good, but not great. The line are not that long as most buffets. Enjoy!
3	This Buffet at Bally's is decent, it's not bad. I came here twice, once the line was long due to dinner. I haven't been here in years. But it's a good buffet, it's nothing special but it gets the job done.
1	Here's why it's one star ... BALLY'S CLOSED IT DOWN.Too bad. I used to love this place. What the heck is going on at Bally's?
