4	Ryan D. in the Service department was awesome! Very friendly, honest and seemed to know his stuff. Thanks for keeping me on the road Ryan.
5	As a lady who has leased a significant number of cars...there are few sales consultants as focused and in tuned as Joanna Trzcinka.  Looking to buy/lease or experience a new car sum-in sum-in....work with Joanna.  She will focus on your needs over the agencies.Highly recommend Joanna Trzcinka, Sales Consultant at Park Place Infiniti.
5	Excellent sales and service experience!
1	Towbin Infiniti became Park Place Infiniti and the service quality and communications have declined.
5	Although I did not end up purchasing my car from Infiniti, I found it to be a top-quality dealership with top-quality staff. I worked with John Landin on a pre-owned vehicle and although I expected lesser treatment as a pre-owned buyer at a primarily luxury vehicle dealership, John pleasantly surprised me with his patience, respect, and communication. Generally a great guy to work with. The only reason I didn't purchase  was because I couldn't get a CPO warranty on the car I was interested in (It was a Nissan), but it was certainly not the fault of the dealership or John. It was in top condition and it was tough not to do business with Park Place. If I was ever interested in getting an as-is pre-owned vehicle or any new/used luxury vehicle I would most definitely go through Park Place.
5	This dealership is excellent.  Everything went really well, and I got the car I wanted.  I have been there once for service, also top notch.The only down side was I was offered a "Dent and Ding" insurance policy.  This policy will cover fixing all dents and dings in the car.  I should have read the fine print!  After driving cross country and back, I had a couple of dings from car doors and rocks.  When I called, the insurance only covers popping the dent out with a machine, not the paint damage.  Fixing the paint was my problem.  Quotes ranged from $525 to $600 to fix the paint where the one dings is on the left side of the car.  The dent and ding insurance is worthless.
5	Fantastic dealership!! Two words that are rarely used together. Helped us instantly, not pushy. Very informative. Simeon knew everything about the car we were looking at. Made us comfortable and stayed late knowing we weren't buying a car that night. Hopefully we will be back soon to take an Infiniti home.
5	Love these guys, they're always friendly, helpful and prompt.
5	Recently leased a 2013 G37 from Park Place Infiniti . . I must say that this was the best experience I have had when it comes to getting a new vehicle.  Ralph was amazing and not pushy at all . . even called me a few days later after his day off to check on me and to see how things were going with the car.  I highly recommend this dealership for your next purchase or lease!!!!!!!
5	*This review is for the Infiniti Collision Repair Center*(Located right in back of the dealership)Long story short, an old lady rear ended my car a few weeks back. Her insurance had to take care of the repairs because it was her fault. I own a Toyota, so I had asked Allstate if Desert Toyota could do the work. They told me it was possible, but because they weren't affiliated with them, approvals and repairs would end up taking a little longer. At the end, I just decided to go with their recommended body shop, which was here at Park Place Infiniti.I gotta admit, I was skeptical at first. I mean, I have a Toyota, so why would it get repaired by Infiniti? Chris helped me when I got there and was very nice. I felt kind of bad for him because he is the only one running the front office area and he was busy. I gave him the paperwork that Allstate gave me, he inspected my car, then told me that they would order a new rear bumper right away. I dropped my car off 3 days later, when the bumper came in. He quoted me that the repair would be finished in 3 business days. It actually took only 2 days, which was awesome. This was probably a simple fix for them, but I thought they did a good job anyway. The bumper was installed correctly and the paint job looked good. Also, they washed and cleaned the inside of my car! Thanks guys, for the super clean carpets!Right before I left, Chris told me that Allstate may call me and ask about the service I received from them. He said that if there was any reason that I wasn't satisfied, to decline the survey and let him know because he and his team want to know how they can improve. But, I told him that he didn't have to worry about that! Great customer service and fast repair time. Definitely recommended!
5	Wow! What a turnaround from Towbin Infiniti....a turnaround I welcome with open arms. Honestly, after buying my Infiniti from Towbin in January of 2010 and having such a piss poor experience, I was reluctant to even give Park Place a shot. That's until I met the owner Steve, surprisingly outside of Park Place and told him about my horrible experience. His southern drawl drew me in and I was instantly consumed by his Southern charm. He assured me he did a swift turnabout and invited me in to see the changes. Accordingly to him, a lot of the previous employees left or got fired. That was music to my ears. A few weeks later I need a part for my car and an oil change. The parts department was fantastic. I wasn't sure exactly what I needed (I had a cigarette lighter out) and the tech went out to my car, I showed him what was wrong and he got me everything I needed to get it working again. Likewise, the service team was amazing. I was able to use a coupon that was emailed to me (if you have an Infiniti get on their newsletters!) and they completed it while I waited. Park Place has a comfy waiting area with fluffy couches, a TV, a computer with internet access, complimentary bottled water, coffee and pastries. Once my car was done I hopped in it and realized the service crew had washed my car for me. Nice touch!Whether you're buying a car, you need parts or you are having your car serviced you will receive superb customer service the entire way. When I am thinking of getting one of the newer M35's I will definitely be heading down to Park Place Infiniti.
5	Park place Infiniti is the best dealership to go to!!! As a first time buyer it was impossible to purchase a car here in Vegas... I was denied from over 10 dealerships... Going to Infiniti was the best  choice I have made! They were able to get me Into a Infiniti g37x (great ride, clean, new, great performance, luxurious) $37k after (6down, taxes, ext...)... I love my new car!!! the sales men Ralph and Micheal are amazing along with the Manager that got me approved for a loan and got me into an amazing car... Thank you to amazing, professional, friendly team at Park Place Infiniti... Highly recommend everyone to go...
5	I purchased my G37s coupe a little over a year ago during a lease special they were running, I wanted a MT and they didnt have any but had no problem locating and getting the color combo I wanted. I must say I have bought A LOT of cars over the years and most being luxury brands but this dealership stands out in my mind. From the test drive to the continuing service experience everything has been fantastic. To me buying a car is a small part of the experience and service is the continuing and lasting image you hold of a dealership and I must say it has been an 11 out of 10! Jeremy is my go to guy when it comes to service and he always makes it a exceptional experience, and I feel lucky to find a sales team and service department that cares this much about me, my car, and my future purchases. Dont hesitate to purchase, lease, or get your car serviced here!
5	We drove to Vegas for vacation and we needed an oil change so we stopped by for a quickie. It was super easy to book an appointment over the phone. They were able to pull up our info on their system. It took about 1 hour to get the oil change done. We were given a complimentary loaner car while work was being done on ours. When our car was ready we got a call. This didn't put a damper on our vacation at all. Quite an easy process. They have delicious coffee drinks and freshly backed cookies in the lounge area. Yum!!
1	This is about the service shop.  First off we made a appointment to have a recalled item fixed.  We were told we would have a loaner.  When we got there our service tech was very nice and we really liked him.  We were told all the loaners were gone and the girl who made our reservation listed us as a wait.  We got a little upset when 2 people came in after us and we watched them drive away in a loaner.  We did end up getting one after about 30 min.  When we returned to pick up the car we were bombarded with about 3000+ in necessary repairs, everything from leaks to bad belts to cracks in the engine cover.  We were very shocked as the car drives perfectly, never leaves drips in the garage and doesn't make any noises.  After he went over all the issues he proceeded to tell us M35's (2006 with 85000 miles) are so high in demand we could trade it in and they wouldn't penalize us for the thousands of dollars of 'necessary' repairs.  We went to get a second opinion at a auto repair shop that specializes in Infiniti's, AAA Rated, warranties their work, been around since 1976 and had amazing reviews on yelp and yp.com.  We paid them the $100 fee to check out the car.  We didn't tell them anything the Infiniti dealer said because we wanted a unbiased job.  After a full inspection we were told all belts were good, there were no leaks, no cracks, and the car was in excellent condition.  We then told them about what Park Place told us and after laughing they said most of their employees came from dealerships and my story was not unique.  Shame on this dealership for trying to take advantage of us.  Not only will we NEVER return for service, we will never consider even purchasing a new Infiniti from there (which we plan on doing in 2014).
2	Buyer be aware.  Test drove several vehicles.  Found one that would fit my needs.  The auto had a clean car fax report, was certified by the dealership, and had one not so obvious defect.  The Sales person and GM said the defect was easily fixed. It was not fixable.  This ended the deal.  Recommend that any pre-owned vehicle considered for purchase be seen by your own mechanic. The finance person was all smiles until we declined an extended warranty on the auto with the "fixable" defect.  The loan through this dealer was 1% higher than the other dealership where we finally purchased a vehicle.  So, check with your bank or credit union before negotiating a loan.  Their web site is easy to navigate but not always accurate.  One car which has been sold has been on the site for over three weeks.  Earlier in my search, I contacted the sales staff to set up an appointment to test drive this car.  When I arrived I was shown a different car.  The car fax report would not open on the site for this auto; perhaps that was a clue as to the true status of the vehicle. Latter I was told that the car I requested had sold and that their internet staff was over extended and unable to update the site at times.  Oddly enough, other vehicles are posted and removed in a timely manner. Ultimately we went to another Infiniti dealership for far better treatment.  At this dealership, the final price was agreed and no additional fees were added.  The financial officer was kind and did not try to bully us or imply that we were stupid for not buying an extended warranty.  The finance department was able to offer the same loan rate as our credit union.  Overall the experience was less stressful and more straight forward than that experienced at Park Place Infiniti.
5	The clutch on my 2012 G37S stopped working on my way to Vegas from LA! Apparently the slave cylinder went bad and needed to be replaced. Infiniti roadside assistance towed my vehicle to Park Place and I dropped off my vehicle for the early bird service since the dealership was already closed. The receptionist Crystal, and Service writer Jeff, provided above and beyond service in making sure I was taken care of. They even sent out a porter to pick me up from my hotel when my car was all fixed up. Nothing came out of my pocket because everything was still covered under warranty. Very happy!
2	Came in to inquire about a car and I started getting help from cowboy (nickname, forgot his name).  Overall,  cowboy was not very helpful.  He tried to lie to me about the difference of the g25 and g37 saying they were pretty much the same like I didn't read up on it! ( welcome to the age of google cowboy ).  I didn't let it bother me that much, but then he transferred me over to another guy after the negotiations because apparently he had another client scheduled and was there! Wtf!   So I'm like okay w/e ill just finish this.... But the new guy Don ( which was helpful, I felt bad though cuz I would of went with him from the start) pretty much had to re do all the paperwork !  Worst experience ever!   Cowboy should have either finished the whole transaction or transfer it over to Don from the start!  Oh,  I also got a free tint for the inconvenience but had to re do the tint cuz there were to many air bubbles.Yes.  This is a luxury dealership (Wtf?!?)Sucks this is the only Infiniti in town Should of went back to Acura since they had amazing service.  Heck I had a better experience at planet nissan!
2	Took weeks to get my car after I purchased it when they told me it would only be one week.
2	Thanks Park Place for helping me make up my mind.  I have been researching Infiniti cars for a bit because I am going to lease a company car and I liked the idea of the Infiniti brand.  Not like Lexus or the German brand, but understated quality for sure!I have called to this place and finally decided to come by tonight at 7:30 pm just to ask a few questions and see the cars in person.I was there with the family for about 10-15 minutes in the show room and outside and no one spoke to me or greeted me. I passed 6 sales guys and none of them even acknowledged me.I think it was my fault for coming 30 minutes before they close, wearing shorts and tee shirt and without an appointment. However in the end, I am deciding to not buy my car here because frankly, I want to work with a store that will support me .Thanks Park Place for ignoring me. Yep, my fault, but hey, it is what it is....
1	I am from LA area and my car broke down 98 miles from vegas and thanx to the elite warranty, my car got towed to Park place Infiniti.  Here is where they failed.  My car is heavily modded (customize work) and my after market part broke on me.  The oil cooler lines is where it was leaking oil and also they told me the rear timing seal is leaking.  Because my car is the way it is, the manager ordered the tech not to touch my car.  How can you do that to a costumer leaving them high and dry?  They voided my warranty and just gave me the boot.  i argued with them on how to fix it but they would not listen.  I called my dealership and another company that sold the part to me and they will still honor my warranty.  All they want is my car to get there.  I am shock that Infiniti would turn there back on a costumer leaving them a broken car.  I don't care about the warranty or what it would cost to get my car running again.  Just fix the problem.  I am a very loyal costumer to Infiniti and also own a M37.  For park place Infiniti to do this is very unprofessional.
1	Took my car there to get serviced there and they told me i was leaking oil.  Decided i didn't want to get fixed right away and went to another dealership to get it check when i did my oil change and they said i was not leaking oil.  They have no knowledge on these cars.  They didn't even clean the area where it was leaking to see if it was the source.  My car was not leaking oil.  These technician need to go back to training or learn to do the job right.  I was worried that my car was leaking oil and it really wasn't.
5	I purchased Infinity QX 60 2014 from Park Place. My sales person Michael was just great. Communication was great. Prior to purchase we exchanged three or four calls and he knew what I needed. Still they didn't have model I wanted but I have settled for much similar.Negotiation was a brisk. I named the price from the internet site and they meet it. I would like to mention General Manager Joe. Great guy with a lot of experience.This is a third Infinity I'm buying. Hopefully my experience with this car will be as great as experience that I have had with the last two.
5	Park Place is top notch if I must say so myself. My husband and I spent countless hours at different dealerships throughout the month of August. The customer service out here in a Vegas in general is crappy. When we stubbled onto Park Place by accident, we met Rafael a sales rep about 10 minutes before their closing and we looked at a couple of vehicles. Rafael was patient and not overbearing with a sales pitch. We took that next day to visit some other dealerships. After the abuse, We ended up crawling back to Park Place and their great service to purchase a 2008 Infiniti EX35. The detail shop is great and we love the car. We will be returning in 6 months to trade in our other car. Thanks again.
1	Although they bare the name 'Infiniti', I hardly consider them Infiniti standards. I bought a 2004 g35. Paid cash. I test drove the car and was weary about the alignment. Before buying it, I asked the dealer if I could bring it to my own mechanic. 3 times I asked him. He dodged the question twice whereas I had to downright demand an answer. He produced a paper with numbers and words and told me there was nothing to worry about because their own mechanics double checked the car up and down. I asked when and again he dodged the answer. The printout said it was only a few days prior but low and behold, on the second night, the first time I tried the window, it got stuck while it was down. Good thing that happened late at night... Not really. The next day i was on my way to the dealer to straighten things out. I made a stop at the bank and upon returning to my car, it completely died.I called and was obviously not happy. The manager didn't seem to understand what I was unhappy about and actually had the nerve to tell me he didn't like my attitude. I responded, 'would you rather me float in with rainbows and unicorns and tell you it was just groovy that I paid cash for a car that was supposedly checked out by your mechanics and it died two days later?' He didn't like that answer either and told me he wasn't going to fix anything because of my attitude. The general manager must've heard us and stepped in. I should say that he did handle it but alas, no actual receipt of the repairs and it took 4 more hours to fix. Then, aw weeks later, I got a call for a green slip. I'm not familiar with that term so I asked the girl who gave it to me what I was supposed to do with that. She told me it was a bill of sale. I asked if that's what I needed to register it at the DMV. She didn't know but said there was more paper work coming. Apparently that's all I needed for the dmv but not until the day before it's due did they notify me of this. I'm sorry, I thought a luxury dealership would know this stuff. I took their word for it. Next time I'll know. Oh, BTW, for some reason I still don't have the title. Apparently it's Carson cities fault that they are backed up and it'll probably take 3 months to get my title... Really? You don't say. Yeah, it must be the dmv's fault, right? Not the shady dealers and misinformed clerks???Update : apparently the paperwork to retrieve the title is STILL sitting on the employees desk. Here I am thinking it's on its way but apparently it hasn't even left their office yet. I love paying cash to a luxury dealership and getting Tijuana auction scam type service... HA! I called YESTERDAY to talk with the guy that was supposed to handle this. Answering machine and 24 hours later, I've STILL not heard anything. I'm about to get legal on these jokers cause I'm not laughing.
1	I had to call yet again to confirm the paperwork was ready. Even though I was told I would be notified as soon as it was. I know the girl at the front is trying to be accommodative but I think it's quite clear that there is an issue so I would think that someone in the know would handle it from here on. I actually felt bad for the girl because it seems the rest of the office didn't even want to deal with me anymore. I asked the girl is she could make sure i had everything. One gentleman did appear with help but there wasn't much more to do. I'm glad to finally be done with dealing with this dealership. As I'm sure they are glad to be done with me. But, I find it strange that two bike cops were sitting in the exit upon leaving and waved me to go ahead only to follow me out. It seems as though they were preparing for another problem but don't know why they can't just apologize. I'm upset for OBVIOUS reasons. If their answer is to just push me away, I'm glad to oblige. Be very careful to read all of the fine print when dealing with this dealership. I would think that the optional $500 paperwork charges would've been sufficient to having this go smoothly but obviously it isn't. Extremely dissatisfied at my experience with this place from the day I bought it. Oh, and I haven't even mentioned the rudeness from the man who sold the car when while I was test driving it, he refused to let my friend come with is. His answer was that there was no room in the back seat. Also that he promised to pick me up to test drive it and last minute told me no although he did cover the taxi fare but then was adamant on bargaining even after finding problems while test driving and as I mentioned, added an optional paperwork fee. Ummm. Just wow. Just horrible. I hate dealerships when buying and this is exactly why. Always about squeezing as much as they can put off a sale instead of building a good relationship.
1	I would give it zero stars if I could. Here is a letter to the Executives at Nissan/ Infiniti to express my disbelief at how I was treated at Park Place Infiniti:Hello Ma'ams and Sirs,My name is D Edwards and I have been a Proud Nissan/ Infiniti Owner for two decades and four cars (Altima, 350z, Murano, FX35). My driver side window recently got stuck during one of our worst rainy days and I called your Las Vegas location for assistance. I took my car in and received a loaner. I was later told that the window's rails needed to be straightened and lubricated; 300 dollars. I came the next day to pick up my car (last Wednesday, I dropped the car off Tuesday) and was told that the car was ready. I drove it home and then left town on business. When I returned Thursday and drove the car the window was still stuck and would not roll up. I took the car back and was told that the motor for the window was out. I received another quote and took another loaner. Friday I was told that I could pick up the car. I drove back across town and dropped off the loaner. We tested the window there and it failed miserably. I was then given another loaner, told new rails needed to be ordered, and then was given yet another loaner car. 6 days later (today) I received my vehicle. I paid for a third time and drove away. I then received a call this evening from Jeff and Mark in Service stating that I now owe a 90 dollar interior detailing fee on the loaner because cigarette ashes (not burns as no damage to the car is present) were found in the car. First off, no one ever said smoking was not allowed in the loaner vehicles and I've used loaner cars from your organization for years and never had this problem. Secondly, given the circumstances, lost time and wages (I had to take off work several times for this losing over fours hours pay at 51 dollars per) I feel that this is nefarious to say the least.Up until today if you asked me at any time who made the best cars and provided the best service I would have screamed Nissan/Infiniti. We were planning to trade in my wife's Altima for an Infinti at this location and was in the process of doing so bringing our Nissan/Infiniti purchase total to five vehicles but not after this. I absolutely will never do business with your organization again and I will be sure to voice my sentiments to anyone who's willing to listen as I am completely unsatisfied with this debacle of a service visit and will take my hard earned cash down to the Range Rover or BMW Dealerships.For me this is extremely disappointing as your company has been a part of my Family for so many years. I will pay the 90 dollar interior detail fee, but it will be the last dime Nissan/ Infiniti ever receives from me.Shameful.
5	The service here was absolutely outstanding our salesman Sean Shin was very very knowledgable, friendly and professional not once did I feel rushed or obligated. From the front desk  associate Anika, to the sales manager Arthur whom helped us greatly, We are very thankful and happy with our purchase. Also John in finance was patient and great. We will be returning.
5	I have never been more excited to spend a large amount of money like I did at Infiniti. It must be the Asian in me.  I was treated with nothing but kindness and respect and never felt pressure. Simeon is the man to go to if your wanting an Infiniti. He is very educated, funny, and a pleasure to work with! Thank you Park Place and everyone I dealt with including Bee and Mr. Landon. I am for ever an Infiniti girl!!
1	So where do I start?  Terrible customer service, lowest quality of work , and poor communication skills are a few of the things that I had the displeasure of dealing with.  I rear ended a car and needed to get my car fixed ASAP.  I chose infinite to fix it and my insurance company cut them a check.  I was told my car would be fixed in 2-3 weeks but as it turns out it wound up being much longer.  Almost at the 2 month point is finally get my car back and to my surprise it was subpar work.   I pointed out the many flaws that I noticed before even leaving the lot and was told that was normal and to give it some time to work itself out.  A week later it still looked awful and I brought it back where they said yeah they would have to do more work to fix their mistakes.  They had my car for another week and when I got It back it, it was still not fixed.  As of today my car is still messed up and wound up just going else where to get it fixed.
5	i purchased a beautiful g37 convertible last month completely online.  i am very pleased with the service and the car!
1	I purchased a car and in less than a month I had to take it in to get it checked the guy said the car was ok. A month later the car started shaking and turned off. Then I call the salesman and they said they can't help us take in the car because they close at 6:30. So tell me how can I get help in bringing it in to get it serviced not happy with the customer service
5	I recently bought my 2nd car from Joanna Trzcinka at Park Place Infiniti.Admittedly I am not the easiest customer, I have a decent car buying awareness and have low tolerance for the "process", fortunately, Joanna is truly exceptional.  I have leased about 10 vehicles in the last 20 yrs and worked with far more sales personnel.  Joanna is the only person I have bought more than one vehicle from and will absolutely consider buying from her again.  She makes the process so easy - I literally closed the deal on a flight home, (thanks to wifi on the plane).  I landed, was dropped off at the dealership, signed a couple documents, pick up the car and drove home.  I greatly appreciated her consideration of my time, attention to detail and her follow up.Joanna Trzcinka took care of everything!  Ensured the paperwork was in order,  worked hard to offer me a great deal AND worked with the finance company of my previous lease to follow up and ensure the fees were waived.  I am very happy with her concern, thoughtfulness and caring detail oriented approach.  The deal got me there - Joanna brought me back.
1	My complaint is with the paint and body shop. I have taken our 2005 Nissan Frontier to Infiniti occasionally for service. When the paint needed to be redone because of chipping, I took it to Park Place thinking that they would do a  superior job to one of the budget paint shops here in town. When I asked for a estimate to redo the paint on the entire front of the truck not to include the back or bed I was given a price of $1,800. I said I didn't want just a touch up job for that amount of money and was assured that it would be a complete paint job. The truck had been to Park Place for service several weeks before this and had been deeply scratched on the driver's door. I was told that they would take care of it so I waited until I brought it in for the paint job. I was given a loaner car and they kept the truck approx. 10 days. When I went to pick it up, only part of the truck had been painted, none of the doors. And the scratch that they were responsible for had been filled in with touch up paint, I could still see and feel the ridges.  I went to pick the truck up after approx. another 10 days and found that only one of the doors had been painted. .the rain gutter area that they had painted was already flaking off, and they did not paint the bumper so what they did paint is a different shade. I also intended that the suicide doors would be done since they are clearly part of the front end of the truck, however I was told that there had been a misunderstanding and they were not included in the estimate. The manager decided that it would cost a further 1,400 to do the job we wanted and Park Place would take care of half of that price. While that sounds fair at first thought, think about this- I had already paid 1,800 to get spot painting done, would have to pay an additional 700 and that still wouldn't include painting the entire truck. I was being asked to pay 2,500 for painting half of the truck while the part that was already done by them already needed to be redone!!! I took my husband with me when I went to pick up the truck the second time. The manager, the paint shop guys and service tech all came out to look and discuss it with him. The manager agreed that the gutters weren't done correctly.They were clearly baffled why we were displeased. When I walked away to get some water, my husband said that every one of the Park Place employees blamed me for being unclear about what I asked for. Funny, I would have thought everything except the bed and back was pretty clear, also no answer about why is was such a crummy job . I should feel free to bring it back to have the paint fixed. I should have just gone to a budget place, payed half the price and still gotten the same or better quality.
