5	I have to go on the record as saying that this place is great! The Mr and I were out in QC picking up porky bits at the Pork Shop and wanted to try something new out there. Seeing that this place has been on my radar for ages it was about to to give it a try. I am kind of surprised that no one has been out here and Yelped it yet. This place is amazing!! Chef driven, artisan, seasonal menu and specials with great pricing it doesn't get much better than this. After browsing their farmers market (Saturdays only) and being greeted by an really super nice guy (I'm presuming one of the owners) we had a really good vibe on the place. The inside is both comfortable and relaxed with Led Zepplin and the Beatles playing in the background. We started with the Warm Prosciutto Wrapped House Made Mozzarella ($4.50).. all I have to say is that I wish I had a nice glass of red to go with this tasty treat! The prosciutto was awesome but the house pulled mozzarella, to die for! In fact it was so good we asked to buy a pound to go! On the plate was also a nice slathering of pesto to compliment each bite.. this stuff should be jarred and sold! If I wouldn't come off as rude and desperate I would have easily licked the plate.Next up we shared a side of their house made dill pickles ($1.50).. a nice bowl filled with tender well spiced pickles.. man, I sure love a nice pickle! Juicy with slightly crunchy tenderness these were so good I just about scarfed the bowl myself. Next up we ordered Marinated Mushroom ($3.50) which came with toasted slices of Simply Bread cibatta. Each tender bite was a flavor explosion of earthy sweet balsamic tastiness, here comes that wine craving again. The deal here is that I'm low carbin' so it took some restraint not to tear into the bread with the mushrooms. Fortunately the Mr isnt low carbin' so I was able to live vicariously through him, he shook his head in pleasure.  Up next were our lunch entrees, the Mr had the 1/2 Cuban Sandwich and a bowl of soup ($9). The soup was sausage white bean that I could smell from across the table. He went ahead and got me a nice spoon full of seasoned broth and a large thick slice of sausage. Okay there is soup and there is soup, this was excellent. Hot, creamy and deeply satisfying this was one of the quality your Italian grandmother would have made for you as a kid! The Cuban sandwich was huge tender slices of Roast Pork, Ham melted Provolone, House Sweet Pickles, Dijon Aioli on Ciabatta Bread. Uh, come on now, seriously? This is just about everything you could ask for in a sandwhich. Chewy fresh baked bread, hot slices of slightly salty meats and melted cheese, major love was dripping from this sandwich.My lunch was the Chopped Chef Salad w/ Romaine Hearts, Turkey, Bacon, Tomatoes, Cucumbers, Egg, Red Onion, Avocado & Blue Cheese Dressing ($12). Low cabin' doesn't get much better than this! Each bite was absolutely different with combination of so many fresh and tasty ingredients. Pay close attention to the turkey, they roast it in house along with the roast pork in the Cuban. They take simple ingredients and combine them to create such delicious hearty flavors all working in unison. While The Deli is out of the way it is so worth the drive to Queen Creek for lunch or dinner. Please take the drive, I seriously don't think you're going to be disappointed one bit!
5	Whoa.  Whomever has been keeping this place a secret---shame on you!This deli was recommended by a friend and my wife told me about it when I wanted to go out for dinner instead of the ol' mac-n-cheese the kids were having.  I was extremely hesitant as "deli" means different things to different people.  For most places in Arizona, it means "sure, we've got processed meat."The Deli in Queen Creek is nothing of the sort.  It is family-owned goodness.  I was caught browsing the menu outside and immediately upon entering was greeted by regulars who said 'you won't be disappointed.' -- What a compliment!  A very friendly staff greeted me and I chose to take home the Cuban sandwich and the hot pastrami.  First, let me tell you the portions are more than generous.  That's the sign of a good deli!  The Cuban was fantastic.  The pastrami was no slouch either, but when put against the Cuban it was hard to measure up!This little place out in the south side of QC probably won't be quiet for long.  The atmosphere inside is very welcoming for a nice night out with friends.The specials they advertised the weekend I cam in seemed a little high for the type of restaurant, but the sandwich prices were reasonable.  They advertise fresh/local ingredients and it tasted like it -- it was fabulous.I can't wait to go back with friends.
5	Today was the second time I have had lunch at this place and WOW!!  My wife and I were driving around, talking about how bored we were about all the same fast food joints, and how nothing sounded good.  THEN I REMEMBERED - this place has to be the best kept secret of Queen Creek.  For being in the middle of nowhere the place was packed.  Crazy good food and the serve bottled cokes from Mexico which is a plus in my book!!!I had the creamy tomato soup with grilled cheese and I stole a piece of my kids pizza.  Holy Cow - One of the best tasting pizzas I have ever had.  This place is fresh and good.  A MUST FOR ANYONE.  they got a good variety too so it wont get boring, and a good selection for the kids.If you find yourself out in no mans land in Queen Creek - do yourself a favor and hit this place up.  Better yet - take the drive .. you will not regret!Only downside is it is pricey, but very worth it since the food was so amazing.
5	This place has some serious food!  I enjoyed their grilled fontina & mozzarella with procuitto (sp) and roasted tomatoes on whole wheat bread.  It was messy, but fantastic.  My husband enjoyed his sub.  We both enjoyed a side of pasta w/basil pesto, cucumber, tomato, and mozzarella.  My 3 year old tackled their mac and cheese, which was almost too good for someone her age.  We will be back!
5	In a word... this place is AWESOME!  On my birthday July 3rd, I saw a snippet on local news about The Deli and decided that was the place for my family to take me for my birthday.  It's hidden away in a strip mall but what a delight!  They have a wonderful outdoor area with a wine bar and tables for use during cooler weather.  I loved the collages for sale and all the small details that were not overlooked.I usually have something vegetable centric but splurged for the roast beef sandwhich I substituted fontina for pepper jack... I tell you it was half a pot roast in my sandwich!  My husband had a chicken sandwich which again appeared to be an entire chicken, one daughter had soup and sammie and the other pasta marinara... none were disappointed!  I ordered the white wine flight only because the first wine was Kung Fu Girl Reisling - I was impressed the tastings were 3 oz each which is more than most places provide.It was a drive from Chandler to get there but well worth it... I can't wait to go back especially when the weather is nice enough to sit outside!
5	What are you waiting for?  I can't believe you haven't gone and tried this place yet!!!!!  Get in your car right now and GO THERE ... Just like Monopoly ... do not pass go ... do not collect 200$  .... JUST GO STRAIGHT THERE ...In all seriousness:Freaking grand slam again!!! Tried something new again... every time I go I have to try something new here, cause its always been so amazing.  I had the angel hair pasta with meatballs that melted in your mouth.  My wife had the Cuban (I added pictures of them to make your mouth water - sorry bout that)  The meatballs were the tastiest things I have eaten in a while - I can honestly say that I have never had as good of a meatball as this place.  The texture is hard to describe, but it melts in your mouth and is so FREAKING good!!!Where is the 10 star button, cause they would get it!!!If you go there and do not like it, I will pay your bill - well no I wont, but I am pretty confident you'll love it!
5	Went here for lunch for the first time today. When I saw the list of ice creams on the board I was tempted to just start with dessert the flavor combinations sounded very interesting. I had the cuban pork sandwich. The pork was very moist and tender. Everything was very fresh. The portions large. I was only able to eat half of the sandwich because I was saving room for dessert. I had the peanut butter and chocolate covered pretzel ice cream. It was wonderful. I wish I would have found this little gem earlier. I will be going back again very soon.
5	DAAAYUM!!! The previous reviews of this restaurant were very good and I set out to try it before...but it was closed. I forgot about it for a few weeks and decided to give it another shot this afternoon for lunch. I am so glad that I remembered this place!I am not sure what I expected, but it wasn't this. The place is in the back corner of a little strip shopping center which was otherwise non-descript and I would probably have driven past unless I was specifically looking for something. As I approached I saw a nice size patio with outdoor seating. It was a nice day and I was tempted, but I went inside. The dining area was very spacious containing several tables without being overcrowded. Another thing that stood out was the smell. It smelled really good and it further increased my hunger.The table was big, which is a good characteristic for me. I don't know how many places I go and they stick the big dude at the little table. I also thought the menu was cool. Nice thin wooden cover with an expansive listing of sandwiches, entrees, beers and wines. I would love to go back for the wine dinner, but being lunch I just ordered a sandwich. Another nice touch was the silverware. The waitress brought the silverware to the table in a mason jar. It is something different and really makes the place cool. Great atmosphere.My friend ordered the chicken salad sandwich - which I don't care for chicken salad, but I did have a taste and it was good. Chicken, apples, nuts - very hardy. I had the Cuban sandwich and it was piled high. Good solid bread, thick meat and an incredible taste.  I had the potato salad side and my friend had the pasta salad. One thing I liked about both salads and the chicken salad also was the focus on flavor and ingredients. These items were not loaded down with mayo like so many other places. Instead, this restaurant let the main ingredients do the talking - the chicken salad made the chicken the focus item, followed by the apple and nuts. No heavy mayonnaise. Same with the potato salad - you tasted the Yukon yellow gold potatoes. The bread & butter pickles as a garnish took me back to my youth. My grandmother in Southern Ohio canned bread & butter pickles annually. Yum.I had to go for dessert, but I went with something small. I went with the lemon bar - sweet, tart and tasty. I wouldn't go specifically for the lemon bar as I might with something like Oregano's cookie, but this was a good finish to the meal. The sandwiches were both $8.50 (and well worth it), the lemon bar was an economical $2. Another cool & funky aspect of dinner was the smashed bottle serving plate. I like quirky little touches like that which help make the experience unique and memorable.Really the only thing that might be a fraction of a reduction for me was that it was a little loud and made it challenging to hear the conversation and the soda was a standard 20 oz bottle rather than a fountain drink. Small things and not really distracting from the overall excellent experience. I will definitely be back to this place many times. If you are in or around the area, stop by and make sure to give this place a try!
5	This place is awesome.  The service is great and the food is the best I've had for the price.  Ive tried a few different things on the menu and haven't been disappointed.  My favorite is the grilled mozzarella and fontina sandwich.  Their roast beef is an excellent choice too (hot or cold).  I have tried several of their homemade ice creams and all of them are sooooooo good. If you're in the area and looking for somewhere to eat, this is it.
5	Back again. Amazed again.  I can't get over their pizza.  it is the BEST pizza you will have anywhere in Queen Creek - hands down.  I am not kidding - Go try it.  Went with Brian L. for a lunch meeting, and they took great care of us.  Let us do our thing, and kept our drinks full.  Never acted like they wanted us to leave.  I love this kind of service.
5	The place:My only knock against this place and I'll get it out of the way up front. Location, location, location.  San Tan Blvd between Power and Sossamon - way the heck out there for most people.  For me, just down the road a few miles.  Inside is a bit cramped and loud, but not unmanageable.  The tables are set with paper and crayons so you can doodle while you wait for your food.  There is a small covered outdoor patio that we have yet to try, but looks like it would be a great place to eat.The food:Quite possibly the best food I have had in the valley in a really long time.  The two visits I have had have solidified this claim as the sandwiches, soups, and desserts are AMAZING.  The Deli of Queen Creek has something good going - and I hope they are around for a really long time.The bottom line:Do yourself a favor - fire up google maps, mapquest, or your GPS and make a trip to The Deli. You will not be disappointed.  I promise.  And if you don't like it, please, please, please let them know since they are very willing to work with you..
5	This is one of my favorite local restaurants. The Deli is family-owned and operated and on almost every visit, we've received table-side visits from the chef/owner to ask if we enjoyed our meal. The food here is phenomenal and their monthly special dinners are a treat. Favorites include the crab cake sandwich and the cuban sandwich. Make sure you leave room for dessert; their homemade ice creams are excellent too.
5	We have been here twice now.  Fantastic food...origional menus.  Brandy ice cream is amazing.
5	I visited The Deli again for the second time yesterday. The food was spectacular as on my first visit. The service again was amazing. For my review this time I wanted to focus on the ice cream. Holy freak! First, it is only $2 for a small ramekin. The ice cream is freshly created by the pastry chef, Nicole - there were some normal sounding options such as mint chocolate chip, but I wanted something different. I ordered the Red Chile honey ice cream and my friend chose the coconut, roasted peanut & chocolate chip ice cream. There was a lot going on with these dishes. The red Chile was smooth and creamy with a bit of a bite at the end. Loved it! The second dish had a good taste, but the texture was different - a little dry and crumbly...didn't stop me from eating it. Looking at the board I wanted to try the Fennel - so I ordered that. Nicole brought it out and said she wasn't happy with the texture of the coconut, so there wouldn't be a charge for this one. It was smooth and creamy as well - the fennel flavor hit at the end. I really loved the unusual flavors and the fact that they were home made. I am only sad that it took me a while to find this place the first time and secondly that I am not eating there daily. This is one of the best places not only in QC, but Phoenix in general.
5	I visited The Deli for the first time yesterday for lunch. The service was amazing and attentive. The Deli is family-owned and operated on our visit, we've received table-side visits from the chef/owner to ask if we enjoyed our meal. I had the Cuban pork and it was delicious along with the lemonade and my friend has the Italian sausage which he stated that was good.The food:Quite possibly one of the best food I have had in the valley in a really long time. The Deli of Queen Creek has something good going - and I hope they are around for a really long time.The bottom line:Do yourself a favor - and make a trip to The Deli. You will not be disappointed. I promise. And if you don't like it, please, please, please let them know so they can work with you.
5	This is one gem of a resturant!! The atmosphere is amazing only to equal the food! Every item on the menu is mouth watering and not to mention anyone that eats at The Deli will have to save room fo the homemade ice cream, if you can't decide on one flavor...grab a scoop of each!! This is the place one can walk in and say, "I want to try something different" and be very pleased with the choice!! Enjoy!!
5	We love The Deli!  Everything is very fresh, the soups are always excellent.  The meatball sub and sliders are both favorites of mine.Homemade ice cream and their vanilla custard are both excellent desserts.The service is always friendly and it's a great place for the whole family.
5	I recently ate at the Deli for the first time and I will definitely be going back !  The food and service was great !  I ordered a club sandwich which was one of the best I have ever had.  My girlfriend ordered meatloaf and loved it from the first bite.  She even asked the waiter for a hint at the recipe,  but was denied.   =)If you are looking for GOOD food in the Queen Creek area,  this is the place to go.
5	I have been to this place many times and the food and service is always great. I am so excited to have found a place where I can get freshly made, good food out here in Queen Creek. My favorite is their home made mozzarella cheese. Its great on anything. I frequently order the tomato, basil and Mozzarella pizza and I recently discovered their vegetarian plate which was delicious. The staff is very friendly and the atmosphere is casual and comfortable. Don't forget to save room for the amazing ice cream they have.
4	What a neat little place! Imagine a deli style wine bar that does pretty much everything right. As I understand, this is a family affair an it shows. Everything is done with care an attention to detail. The wine selection is nice, reasonably priced and even a little adventurous. Every bit of nosh I have had here has been well prepared and tasty. The only complaint I have is the lighting. Not much ambiance when the place super duper bright at 9pm. Having said this, I'm told they are expanding into the vacant space next door and that it will carry a more traditional ambient wine/dining experience. Has anyone got a Candle? I CANT WAIT!
5	Amazing food in a very unexpected location. This place is one of the best I've eaten and I wish it was in my hometown! Everything we had was fabulous. I started with a cucumber infused vodka with ginger ale and lime. We all shared bacon wrapped homemade mozzerella (got a second order it was so good), crab/corn/prosciutto cakes, cuban sandwich, pasta, a totally custom deli sandwich, and a salmon dinner. Outstanding service, prices, portions, and presentation. Can't wait to go back.
5	OK so we FINALLY had the chance to get to The Deli for lunch today.  And just let me say totally and completely met my very high expecatations.  Great place that is off the beaten path but well worth the hunt to get there.  We ordered the Cuban and the Deli sub sandwiches that were just damn good!  But one thing to say is COME HUNGRY as the sandwich sizes are big!  The sides were better than I was hoping for as I almost asked for a second round of their potato salad!  The one nice touch I liked was the old school Coca-Cola in a bottle that started everything off on the right foot...  The staff was very attentive and we had no problem getting someones attention if we needed anything.  The only negative thing I would say, like in other posts below, is that while the prosciutto wrapped mozzarella was really delicious, the VERY SMALL three pieces would not allow for us to give a family of four a shot at trying it.  I would suggest that they bump up the number of pieces to at least 5.  All in all a great experience!
4	The pizza needs work......If the owners is reading this Please work on the pizza to get it better. Had also the roast beef which was very good.This place is known for outstanding sandwiches and does a nice job on that. Service is attentive.
5	Soo good! I loved the feel of this restaurant and the food was so good.  I got the Ground Beef Sliders with their in-house made mozzarella on top and I was most certainly not disappointed.  It was recommended to me by Matt S, who I must say never leads me in the wrong direction when it comes to food.  Anyway it was so good, the service was great, I think I have told everyone I talk to about them.  Too bad everyone out here in QC seems to look at me like...um yeah...I go there all the time...where have you been?  In conclusion it has now been added by the wifey and I as one of our favorites, we can't wait to try out other menu items.
5	This place is amazing. Best sandwich I ever ever had. Fresh and organic ingredients. It is worth the 45 minute drive and I would normally say to keep it small and local, but this place is just too good. Please expand to Phoenix!!!Go here for The Best Sandwiches, great dinner specials and good local products!
5	We would have never known about this secret diamond in the rough without the help of Yelp!  I surprised my wife and four boys by taking them here.  Everyone loved it!  The food is so fresh and plentiful!  The parking was a little scarce as we had to park across San Tan Blvd as there wasn't any parking available...but there was a fundraiser going on so maybe there's usually a place to park.  The dessert was excellent and the service was excellent as well.  We have a new favorite place.  Although I probably won't take the family every time as it was about $75 with dessert/tip.  I highly recommend this place!
4	Thanks to Yelp, this is the only way you would be lucky enough to find a place like this.  I saw all the reviews and knew I had to make a visit the next time we were down that way.  I was suprised to see just how in the middle of nowhere the deli really is!  However, once inside, you quickly forget you are in a non-descript strip mall.  The Club sandwich was incredible.  I can't wait to go back to try the array of other meals that sounded tempting.
5	Queen Creek.I have to admit that when I think of somewhere that is "good to eat", Queen Creek doesn't exactly come to mind.That is... until I went to The Deli.It is located in an unsuspecting place and in my opinion, the location is something that makes it even more appealing -- the food is good enough that if the location was slightly more hip, you wouldn't be able to get a seat there... ever.Last night we brought our kids there and everyone had a sandwich. Our 5 year old had peanut butter and jelly (I thought it looked odd that they toasted the PB/J) and when he took his first bite his eyes lit up and he said "hey, this place is gooooood!"So if nothing else, your 5 year old will love the PB/J.Our 11 year old liked the pre-meal "snack" of some-kind-of-almost-hummus along with home-made crackers - and then everyone loved the sandwiches. I had the hot roast beef -- and it will be difficult to switch from that option for a while.No one had dessert this time, but after reading the reviews it appears that we missed out so next time we are back, we will be sure to try it.  We also bought some hummus and pickles (both made right there) to take home -- and both are now gone the next day.Is the Deli good enough for you to try?Yep.Even if you have to drive to Queen Creek.Just don't everyone go trying it at once -- I am going to be a regular and don't want to have to wait in line to get in.
5	I wish I could pick this place up and park it right next to my work, so I could go here for lunch every day. The food is amazing! I was visiting my parents in Gilbert and wanted to try a new place and found The Deli on Yelp. Even from Ray & Higley it was a 15 minute drive.I ordered a half Grilled Mozzarella & Fontina Cheese w/ Prosciutto sandwich, and corn chowder soup. Both were so delicious that I desperately want to go back and try everything else on their menu. I wish there were more restaurants like this more central in the valley. Oh well.
5	Went for a weekday lunch with the boyfriend because this place was so highly recommended by Matt S (who is  currently"The Duke" here on Yelp's new check-in app). We barely found this place because it's tucked into the corner of a strip mall, right next to a pet groomer and a preschool/daycare. Once we walked in, we noticed that they have a covered patio as well as indoor dining. The tables are covered in butchers block paper (and they gave markers to the tables with kids... although none for me? Hmmmm... I am a kid at heart. Note: I shall ask for markers next time). I ordered the Deli Sub (ham, salami, and peperoni adorned with veggies, oils, and mayo). #nom. This sandwich was huge, which was maybe my biggest complaint. I literally could not smash the sandwich down enough to fit it in my mouth... I had to pull a bit of the meat off, which made me feel sad for those slices of delicious meaty goodness. For my side, I ordered the pasta salad, which was good (maybe too many onions for my taste, but still good). And, for dessert, I ordered a scoop of their homemade ice cream - brown sugar & cinnamon flavor. Double #nom. The service was great. Our waitress was very attentive, checking back on us several times throughout the meal. The 2 other staff that were there at the time also pitched in by clearing plates, which shows that they are a great time and they were laughing with each other which makes for a great atmosphere.
5	A lot of friends and family have been raving about this place for a while... my boyfriend and I normally have Sunday off together and they are closed sundays,so after almost a year of wanting to go there for lunch or dinner we finally went. I am not a huge sandwich person ...so I ordered the Margherita Pizza. It was awesome...their mozzarella cheese is Homemade and the pizza had the right amount of crisp to it. My bf ordered the sandwich with Pastrami w/ House Made Sauerkraut, Swiss Cheese & Thousand Island Dressing on Rye. He liked it a lot and he thought their pickles were very good. We were too full to try the homemade Ice-cream but they sounded wonderful! will def. be back!
5	Took my girlfriend here for the first time tonight, based on the reviews I read on Yelp. First off, the pita bread was an unexpected but welcome surprised, compared to the usual bread basket that is received at many restaurants. We each had a glass of riesling, which at $9 a glass is slightly higher than many other restaurants, but was definitely worth it. It was called "Kung Fu Girl", which i had never heard of. It was interesting to try something new.Once the meal came, I had the Chicken Pasta dinner, and my girlfriend has her usual penne with marinara. We were both very satisfied with the meals, and the quantities were more than sufficient.To close the dinner, the owner came out to ask us how the meal was and talk with us a little bit about the establishment. It was an excellent close to the meal, and secured our business for the next time around.
5	Best sliders and sandwich I have ever had!!!
5	I would not have known about this place, had it not been for the 'Best sandwiches in the Valley' edition of Phoenix magazine.  I decided to hit this place up this weekend, as I was planning to be in the area. It is tucked in to a corner of a little strip mall in Queen Creek.  If you blink, you might miss it, so pay attention.We ordered the caprese salad as a starter, and it was delicious.  They make the mozzerella in house, and it was the best I have ever tasted! The tomatoes were fresh, and it was finished off with a basil pesto rather than basil leaves, which was a nice change.  I ordered the Italian Deli sandwich, it had salami, ham, provolone, black olives and some other stuff I can't remember. It was really good. My friend ordered the Cuban, it had ham and roast pork and it was AWESOME. Have you ever had sandwich envy? You know, when you taste what your friend has and wish you had ordered it yourself? Everything was insanely delicious with the exception of the potato salad.  I didn't care for it, however, it might just be my personal taste. We ordered some gigantic chocolate chip cookies to go and they were good, too.  Oh yeah, I forgot to mention that the bread is incredible...it's chewy and crusty and so good. The waitstaff were very friendly and I really liked the decor of The Deli.  It was modern, but relaxing at the same time. They have a patio for cooler weather, and it looks like they have opened a place next door that serves cocktails or wine, I am not sure.  Looks pretty cool.  I can't wait to get back to this place.  I have been in the valley for a little over a year, and this was the best meal I have had since moving here! Seriously, everyone needs to try this place. Just not all at once.  I don't want to wait 2 hours for a table.....
5	What an amazing out of the way find! Have been here several times (won't review a good Restaurant unless I have been to it twice) and have NOT been disappointed in the least.Sandwiches are a trademark and I have had several that are all unique and delicious. Bigger appetite, have dinner here. Not fancy (no white linen) but the food will wow! Even something as simple as a "Mixed Grill" was uniquely prepared and delicious. Soups are also a specialty and if the soup is great - they've got me! Great it is.A fair distance for most to travel, but worth the drive out. Check for open hours as they can be strange.
5	Love this place! The food is great and the staff is friendly! Everything is delicious and most of it homemade. You will not be disappointed!
4	Great sandwiches!  Best around down here in the EAST East Valley.  Prices are high otherwise I would eat here more.  Recently had the Chicken with Bris cheese on Ciabata bread and it was outstanding.  However $9 for that sandwich is pricey.  They have other food there that I would love to try.
5	This little place was amazing because the owners make everything they serve -- even the mozzarella cheese and pickles!  I ordered a full chicken sandwich loaded with avocado, cucumbers, and other yummy things.  The owner suggested I just get a half sandwich, and I'm glad he did.  It was more than enough, and brought the price of lunch down to $6.  It came with a choice of homemade cole slaw, potato salad, or caprese salad.  The bread had a crunchy outside and soft inside.  Delicious!We sat on the patio.  The view isn't much to see, but the small fountain adds a nice touch. The Deli is always packed for both lunch and dinner.  Open Tuesday through Saturday.
5	the prices are high, but i've never complained about spending money here. the deli club is by far the best sandwich i've ever eaten. everything is fresh and simple. i can't say enough good things about this place!
2	Sorry, I am gonna get killed here... I am not that impressed.I kept hearing about this place and it was so so at best. The food is sloppy and very expensive but has a decent tasteThe place was also a little dirty looking..Just a bunch of sandwiches and the pizza was a disaster, go there if you are into quirky places that charge a lot and are not the best.The waitress seemed pre-occupied by what?? not us.
4	Great sandwiches, sides and deserts with large portions.  The chicken corn chowder is unique and full of flavor.  Guaranteed to get something here that you can't get anywhere else.
5	Awesome place,  good service, love to go there for lunch-  great soups and sandwich's.   Have not had the opportunity to check out dinner as of yet.
5	How can I explain this place?  It's made a non-sandwich liker (myself) love sandwiches.  The food is absolutely amazing.  Even though it's far out, I'd say everyone should try this place.
5	The Deli, husband & wife owned & operated, is delicious!I had the special; beef, onion, shroom, & cheese on a baguette. The flavor of it all was spot on. The side, a pesto mac salad was, if not better, as good as the sandwich. The food and service is fresh, really good, & definitely local.If you're coming from anywhere other than Queen Creek it's a trek! But The Deli is worth the flight.
2	As always, nice relaxed atmosphere, decent prices, food prepared using LOCAL ingredients. Our waitress was friendly and pleasant ... though considering they were not busy, service was very slow. We ordered the hot pastrami sandwich which was flavorful but we were left with a nagging question. Why is it that you can order a mile high Reuben, pastrami or corned beef sandwich at ANY good Jewish Deli like Jerry's in LA and it won't disintegrate in your hands.... but here the assembly won't survive the first bite because the bread falls apart like a spring avalanche in Aspen. The Dijon on the table was gross and obviously spoiled, yet surprisingly was not pulled off the table until we pointed it out. For a place that claims to use only the freshest ingredients, it makes you wonder what other "past their prime" components might be back in the kitchen. We like this place and hate to point out these failings, but it was well below to their former high standards. We'll go back again, but not for a long time because there are too many other great places to explore before giving them another try.
5	This place hits everything on my "it's Awesome" list. First off it's a family run little place.Second it's in a hole in the wall area.Thirdly and most importantly it is all made in house. Fourtherly it is awesomeWe were in Gilbert staying at a friend's house for spring training, GO DODGERS!!! We hit the usuals, Waffle House, Dunkin Donuts, Dodger Dogs at the game, and our friends asked do you like sandwiches?If there is one food group that I love, it has to be the Sandwich group, and this place is one of my top 5 sandwiches stops of all time.We ate in the Lounge(y)(ie) area, which has a more adult vibe going on. We first started with their fresh bread, and tomato basalmic vinegar salsa(y) thing. Which was great, we had two rounds of that while we drank our beverages, and waited on our sandwiches.I ordered the Cuban sandwich with the potato salad, and the wife ordered the Chicken breast sandwich, with pasta salad. My sandwich came out perfectly, from the fresh Ciabatta Bread to the outstanding roasted pork. I would order this pork just by itself; it was juicy, and full of flavor, just like my Cuban grandmother makes. While this sandwich is a true Cuban sandwich, not using swiss, and not being pressed, it is not advertised as an actual Cuban, just a Cuban style, like me.Now this potato salad was some of the best I have ever had, and not just because it had bacon, which is awesome, but the use of yukon gold potatoes, instead of red, or russets has been a revelation to me. This is how I am going to prepare all off my potato salads from now on.After all that I still ordered the carrot cake, which like everything else is made in house with local ingredients, it was warm with a not overly sweet cream cheese frosting. The wife got the lava cake with some beer ice cream. Even though I ate most of my carrot cake, and loved it, I wish I had a full gallon of that beer ice cream, it was just perfect. In fact I am planning another trip out that way, just for that ice cream.
4	I would love to give this place 5 stars but I cant because one of the servers. She has an attitude every time we come in and frankly its starting to make me not want to go back. She is the bitter beer faced blonde with the tattoos on her elbows. Watch out for her.Otherwise this place is awesome! Food is  fantastic, the few things I have tried have all been winners and you can tell its fresh. Their homemade bread and butter pickles are delicious and the carrot cake and brown sugar ice cream are so darn good! I so wish this place was closer to where I live!
1	The service absolutely KILLS a great little restaurant! The bald guy who waitd on us this time (who seems like he might have some PTSD or just out of military) was beyond rough. Spilled drinks on our table and never even apologized, who does that?!??!
5	5 stars for a deli? When it's this good oh yeah! Great Cuban, great roast beef horseradish but the amazing part was the pancetta wrapped homemade mozzarella and carrot cake. Lemon bar was just a lemon bar but the cake was better than my grandma's and she was a cook for 30 years. Farmers market out front and the service, while hit or miss by whoever was walking by, still slipped my kid a cookie on the way out gratis. We'll be back!
5	The best sandwiches in the East Valley!  The bread is perfect, the meat, veggies, and cheese are high quality and delicious!  Worth the drive!
4	My wife, son and I went in for a late lunch with a groupon. I had the Cuban which was tender, "not dry" pork with ham and pickles on a ciabatta roll. The server informed me that the pork was from a local pork shop and was very fresh. My wife got a chicken sandwich with lots of fresh veggies.  No kids pizza, but I wanted to try it, so we got the whole Pepperoni and mozzarella. The dough looked hand made and tossed. Plenty of left overs.  Price was average but maybe a bit high side. $32 for the three of us without drinks. Still very much worth it. I will be back to try the lounge next door for a date night.
5	I read the reviews and couldn't believe we hadn't tried The Deli with it being so close to home.This place has it all. Great service and a new take on fresh local food plus a little cocktail lounge on the weekends when there is a long wait for a table.The hummus with warm freshly made crackers is a must order. I ordered the half sandwich and chicken and corn chowder it was so good, but I couldn't finish it because it was so filling, but not in a heavy greasy way - just very satisfied with a delicious meal. We had to try their homemade ice cream and it did not disappoint either. The Peanut Butter ice cream was YUMMY! Everything that we ordered surpassed our expectations.If you haven't tried this place - stop what you are doing and go check it out!!!!
4	We had a groupon and tried this for the first time today. We will be back! The pizza was good but the warm roast beef with horseradish sandwich was awesome (and I'm not a big fan of sandwiches). My dilemna is do I get the roast beef again or try something new, lol :) The potato salad side with the sandwich was different than any potato salad I've ever tasted and that's a VERY good thing. I love this place and it's close to me...yay :) And after reading other reviews I was a little scared that the service would stink but everyone we came across was super helpful and nice. Our waiter even warned us that we might be ordering too much so we ordered 1 instead of 2 pizzas...good thing, we would've been way too full to even eat the 2nd pizza. And he offered us all waters right away instead of trying to push sodas on us (like every other restaurant does)...so cool!! I think I have to go back tomorrow!! :)
5	Went back again......Still AMAZING!  I love, love, love this place so much.  I brought my brother and his wife and they were in love too.  They loved the Italian Sausage with Mozzarella cheese sandwich and Tomato Bisque soup.   My kids love the mac and cheese, grilled cheese, and build your own kids sandwich, too.  The only thing that is lacking is the super friendly, chatting staff.  I love supporting local places and just with the staff was excited to see us as we are to see them....Oh, and the summer wine Muscato is delicious!
5	Shhhhhh.   Don't tell people how good it is or we will never get a table.The pizza is LGO good.  The roast beef sandwich melts.   It's addictive!!
4	The best club sandwich I have ever tasted! Even the past a salad was amazing. The waiter we had was laid back but super nice to my kids.The only negative I would say is that the place was hard to find and that there is no hostess to great you and tell you where to sit, but then again I think that those aspects add to the charm and "mom and pop" feel of the place. I am happy it is not like every other chain restaurant you go to.I live around the corner and will definitely go back!
5	I found this place purely by chance and it was a jewel of a find. Its tucked away and seems to only be known by the locals. Not very nice to keep a secret like this away from the rest of Phoenix. The wait staff wanted to know how I liked my meal and is there anything I believe would be better on the meal. They have wine and beer everything on the menu is healthy and did not taste processed or rushed. This place is also kid friendly inside and on the menu. They try to use local produce and cook seasonly but I'll never know because I've moved from Phoenix. This is a great place owned and run by great cooks and owners.
5	The greatest place on earth!!!  I have been there several times and have never been disappointed.  Everything on the menu is absolutely delicious!!!!  The hardest thing about going there is trying to narrow down your choices!!!  I highly recommend!!!!!
5	Food you can feel good about!super yummy, reasonably priced, and locally grown items!
5	What a little gem!  I heard about this place via Yelp.  The reviews really do speak to the experience you will have at this place.  The food is very good and very unique (which is what I like about it).  For instance, instead of typical free bread or chips, they served baguette bread with this salsa/bruschetta like topping.  Very tasty, as was the food we ordered.  The atmosphere is great, small town deli style.  it's not very big and can get crowded very easily, but it's still worth the trip over.   I'm glad the location is not convenient, or else you would be waiting for hours!  It's one of those places that as you leave, you are sure you will be coming back.
5	I tried The Deli for lunch a few weeks ago after seeing a lot of reviews on Urbanspoon for them. I can tell you that after just one visit these guys have won me over as a customer.First of all, they do everything right. Family-run operation, local produce, fresh ingredients and organic whenever possible. The service here is spot on... the serving staff are energetic and work hard to keep their customers happy from the point that you walk in the door until you leave.To start with, my wife and I had the hummus with house made crackers, which are actually pieces of flatbread that are the perfect fit for this appetizer. It was fresh, tasted great and by far surpassed any other restaurant that we've had this at.  One interesting thing that I noticed when I ordered a Coke: they plopped a tall glass bottle in front of me. This instantly got my attention and I was spinning the bottle almost immediately to scan the back . Yep, Coke with real sugar and no corn syrup (from Mexico). You can't beat it.Being a sub sandwich fan, I was leaning towards "The Deli Sub", but something drew me instead to try "The Deli Club". I know at this point in the review I sound like I've been hypnotized by the owners, but this is one of the best sandwiches that I have eaten in years. Turkey, ham, cheddar, avocado, tomatoes, red onion and mixed greens on white bread. This is not something that I would normally order, but the flavors were amazing and getting me to try anything else on their menu after eating this is going to be a tough sell.My wife went ahead with the sub, which also tasted very good - but for me is not even close to the club in flavor. As far as the sides go, give both of these a try:1 - Pasta with tomatoes, fresh vegetables, house made Mozzarella & basil pesto. Very fresh and tasted amazing!2 - The Yukon Gold potato salad with peppered bacon & rosemary mixed with their homemade mayo. Incredible! I felt that for the quality of food that you receive here, the prices are reasonable. I've paid more at other places and received food that was far from the quality and freshness that you can enjoy here.They have 1/2 off all beer, wine and Sangria between 4-5pm, which isn't a very large window - but the prices are nice. Outside of The Deli, there is a small patio with seating available, and right next door is their sister business, Poppy's Place (a bar). I will give this place a try the next time I'm in the area on my way home.In all honestly, naming this place "The Deli" is a bit deceiving. I walked in expecting an actual deli, but the experience that I walked out with far surpasses what I would expect from a typical deli.
5	This place is a bit out of the way but worth the effort to find it.  I had heard of it several times in the past 3 years but never ventured in until tonight.  What took me so long?  The atmosphere is rustic, simple, and fun.  The food was beyond my expectations.  I ordered the steak special with 'Fries' that were more like gourmet rosemary potato spears (with 3 inch rosemary sprig protruding)!    The steak was incredible.  Half way through my meal I realized there was a steak knife on my plate that I had failed to use but had not noticed.  It was so tender, it cut just as easily with the butter knife I had been using.  Our waiter had a true 'ownership mentality.'  I do not know whether he was an owner, but he cared as much about our experience and our opinion.  Everyone was quick to serve and made us feel right at home.  The food was fresh, the flavors original, and everything was delicious.  We had a great time and will certainly be back for more.
5	I love Queen Creek, but our culinary scene here is just plain sad.  Luckily, the deli is a gleaming gem in the restaurant wasteland out here.  My husband and I go here regularly, and have NEVER been the least bit disapointed.  Their specials are always delicious (last night I had roast chicken, green chili and white cheddar polenta, and brandy butter apples with caramelized onions).  Their pizzas are great, with really yummy house-made mozzarella, and their sandwiches are giant and cheap ($9ish).  This is where we go at the end of our work week to unwind, and it always makes Fridays lovely. Also, the nut brown ale that they have is really good!
5	This place was excellent.  I'd heard about it and when with my wife and some friends.  We tried a bunch of different things and it was all excellent.  The margarita pizza was delicious.  It had lots of fresh ingredients on it, sauce had a nice flavor, and the dough was just right.   We also got this Cuban pork sandwich and some kind of seafood sandwich.  Everyone liked the Cuban one best, but the other was also great.  Their bread was fresh and so were the ingredients and everything had a great flavor.  The potato salad on the side was one of the best I've ever had.  Also, whatever they gave us for the pre-meal bread, which was like a bruschetta topping, was awesome.  All of this and we didn't even get to try some of their delicious sounding entrees.The place has a very casual and eclectic feel.  It has a nice mom & pop laid back feel to it and is still trendy with a nice wine & beer selection with a great quiet atmosphere.  If I feel like sitting down to a nice meal with a glass of wine and some good conversation, this is where I would go.
5	This place is one of those hidden jewels for sure, every thing is fresh and for the most part home made like the bread and ice tea. The potato salad is an amazing mix and the sandwiches blow all other sandwich shops out of the water.I'm hungry now just thinking about it.
3	We've been going to the place since it first opened. I mean this literally, we waited when we saw the sign for it to open, before the place ever opened. The food is the best you're going to find in all of Queen Creek or San Tan Valley. The sandwichs are incredible. Their specials are always delicious though a bit overpriced. This is a family owned and operated place who take pride in developing the flavors as you will taste with their food. So WHY the 3 stars instead of 5? Simply, the servers. Other then one male server who goes out of his way to please you, the rest are bringing this place down. I use to go once a week, then down to once a month, but after my last experience with the same waitress who has her mind on finishing school rather then serving the customers, I stopped going all together. I have complained about this waitress the last 3 times I got stuck with her as the waitress. The last time, all the owner did was comp the meal instead of dealing with the problem. I know alot of people in town who feel the same about this waitress. The owner even told me all the servers split their tips, so even if you don't tip her, she makes money off of the other servers tips. RIDICULOUS!!!If the owners are not going to take pride in their service as they do their food, they won't see me or my family back again. Sorry guys!
5	There is no better meal within 10 miles.
5	The food here is awesome,  each dish they make is fresh, mostly made from frsh products grown right here in AZ.   The staff is very freindly,  a great place to eat.  TRY THEIR HOMEMADE PIZZA.................
4	Cute local place. YOU MUST TRY THE CARROT CAKE! It is amazing. Wish they were open on Sun and Mon but love the fact that they take the time off :) and know whats really important!
5	Quality!!!Ingenious!!!Awesomeness!!!!This place needs to get closer to civilization.  Not that there isn't any in Queen Creek, but come on, they have more cows than stop lights.Despite it being waaaayyyyyy out of the way, for me at least, it is worth it.  100\% of the time it is worth the drive.They make their own mozzarella, fresh every day.  So of course I have to have the Caprese salad.  I really like their Ruben where the sauerkrat is home made.My brother cannot get enough of their meatball sandwich full of tangy red sauce and cheese.If you like ice cream they actually make their own here.  Different flavors that you cannot find anywhere else.
5	Fantastic deli with homemade ice cream and to die for carrot cake. Perfect for after a hike at San tan regional. I had the chicken salad sandwich which was nice and light w/o too much mayo (any even?)
5	Have gone several times, its always delicious.  The wine list is diverse and they use local products.  Its chef owned/ family operated.
5	This place is fantastic. Food made from scratch and daily specials that are unbelievable. Home made ice cream to die for. I am not sure why all of the knocks on the servers, we have been there a dozen times and have never had any issues. When it's just the wife and I we eat next door at Poppy's Place, same menu just quieter.
5	My husband and I recently enjoyed lunch at "The Deli".  We started off with the caprese salad, which the homemade mozzarella was DivineMy husband enjoyed the hot Italian sandwich, and I was very pleased with the roasted chicken sandwich. The portions were large.The staff was friendly and the service they provided was top notchUpon leaving, the owner took the time to show us their next door dining area that opens at 4pm. An absolutely perfect place to enjoy a glass of wine with good company. We look forward to doing just that soon.
4	Food was great. I got the fench onion soup and a sandwhich. I could barley finish my food as it is a good size sandwhich. It's great to have a place like this in Queen Creek.
5	I actually love Poppys!  It the small intimate adult side of the Deli.   It has absolutely fabulous food and the atmosphere is as good!
5	I just love this little restaurant! The pizza is awesome and I love the "deli" sandwich and homemade carrot cake!
4	I have a great friend who moved out here from The City in '06.  I appreciate his taste for good food and drink.He chanced upon this spot a while back and it's become one of his favorite eateries in AZ.Really glad he suggested The Deli for dinner last night.We didn't get to see the drive out here during daylight, but driving out here at night had me feeling like we were heading out into the middle of the desert to eat.  Darkness and stop signs...  That's all you'll see until you reach this gem in the middle of almost nowhere...  That upped the wow-factor for me.  I love unexpected finds like this.  Family owned and operated, super friendly, super fresh ingredients, prepared with love.Wish I could have given 5 stars, but we were the last table sat...  I never try to let this happen because service can be 'iffy'.  This one went slightly into the 'not so good' category.  Service was very friendly, but hurried as the kitchen was trying to close.This friend of mine, I'm pretty sure he has no idea what Yelp is...  It made me smile to get back to San Francisco, pull up a chair for a quick review, and see this place is trending #1 for Best of Yelp Restaurants.There are reasons for it.
3	I have gone to the Deli twice--once about a year and a half to two years ago, and once within the last month.  I enjoyed it far more back when they were just becoming known as a great sandwich destination.  Now, the place is a trendy destination for all of Queen Creek, and it has suffered for the notoriety.  I felt like I was being squeezed in, and could tell our server was frantically trying to seat customers and tend to his tables.   The food remained high quality, but good food can only make up for a poor dining experience for so long.
4	Despite being in Chandler, this is a bit of a drive for us, but we occasionally get a craving for their delicious sandwiches, so we have made the drive several times now, most recently last night.  It's a deli, so it's got pic-nic style tables inside, farm-decorations, and brighter lighting (If you want more intimate setting, go to Poppy's next door, which is their lounge and where they also serve food and have a wine bar).I ordered the Cuban sandwich which is stuffed with delicious shredded pork, ham, and this perfectly melted and yummy cheese .. all on a ciabatta bread.  Hubby got the Roast Beef sandwich on baguette..  I didn't get a chance to taste his, but it was huge, lots of ingredients and he definitely enjoyed it a lot.  I loved the flavors on the sandwich and, quite honestly, think this is one of the top pork sandwiches I've ever had... I think the bread complimented it perfectly.The side of cole-slaw, to me, was a bit boring and tasted more like the pico-de-gallo-ish bruschetta topping they serve with all that onion flavor; Hubby's side of pasta salad, crazily enough, also had the same pico-de-gallo flavor.  I guess they re-use ingredients in as many dishes as possible... that's fine, it just didn't entice me.Service was quick - as soon as we sat ourselves, our guy (shaved head) was there, quick, friendly in a sort-of-serious kind of way... food came out quickly.I will absolutely come back for more Cuban sandwiches.. though I should branch out and try some other ones.Also, they make home-made ice cream and the flavors sounded quite unique and enticing (balsamic vinegar??).. but I was already carb-loaded with the sandwich bread that I skipped it... maybe next time ;)
5	Went back again last week and had their pastrami sandwich. It was one of the best i have had in a looong time. The meat was fresh and tender "none of that stringgy crap that alot of places sell"Anyway the whole meal and side potato salad was top quality home made food that is hard to find anywhere around these parts.
5	I have seen a few reviews that knock the customer service...   First and foremost... Its a casual place with quality food. When you walk in there isn't a host to seat you, or a person watching the door. Someone may shout from across the room to find a seat anywhere. I personally love this. It makes me feel like its a hometown place in my hometown.  My server, a younger guy with a shaved head, has been my server a few times before. He asks me questions and has a casual conversation with me occasionally but doesn't get too pushy. He lets me eat in peace. There is an older guy with a shaved head who is very helpful and may be the owner... He is a little gruff and doesnt have the greatest "bedside manor" but i can tell he is knowledgeable and good at his job. Its overall a friendly and casual experience. And the food is awesome... Better than you will find for miles.  I recommend the crab cakes and the homemade pickles.
4	Best pastrami sandwich. Enough said.  I keep coming back wanting to try something else, but always end up getting the pastrami. Sandwich comes on grain bread, steaming hot pastrami, with house made sauerkraut. Sauerkraut is fantastic, just sweet enough.  Only reason for 1 star off is for the service. Service can be somewhat hit or miss, but always acceptable.   Most of the time lunch is busy, so staff is rushed.  Not much of a complaint, but slow down a bit and would really take this place over the top. (then again it is a deli, so straight forward service should be expected).  Overall, a true gem tucked away in the least likely place!
4	We visited here a while back and got the Chicken Rocatto pizza and the Chicken salad sandwich.  I would say it was pretty good...  I'm not a RAVING fan, but did enjoy it for sure.
2	The food was amazing but the price a bit steep and atmosphere truly odd. It was hard to wrap my mind around a delicious $20 entree that was served on a picnic table next to a jaw-breaker machine, pop-dispenser, and a host of other chachke items that made the place feel messy. If the food could be served somewhere nice, I'd go back.  Otherwise, not so much.
5	Awesome fresh sandwiches, friendly service and a clean atmosphere. This place rocks!!
5	All I can say is WOW! This place was amazing. I ordered the Cuban Pork sandwich and it was juicy and full of flavor. The atmosphere is great and the waiters are friendly. A definite must.
5	Haven't been here in a while but was treated to lunch yesterday by my boss! I ordered the half Cuban Sandwich, with a side of red, ripe tomatoes, fresh mozzarella salad. Yum! It was outstanding! The sandwich was too large to fit in my mouth so I had to cut it up with a knife and fork. The pork was tender, juicy and delicious - and was bought from the local Pork Shop here in Queen Creek. For desert I ordered the warm lava cake with a side of homemade vanilla ice cream and whisky sauce. Oh my! I think I am hungry again! My boss is a Southern gal who knows that good food = good teamwork. I hope she doesn't think I was a pig! Next time, lunch will be on me. Oink Oink!!
5	If you want a wonderful meal this is the place.  My husband and I found The Deli with a groupon and have been back serveral times.  We have brought family and friends.  It is a drive for us but worth it.  We usually have the specials  which never disappoint us and appetizers and dessert.  The cuban sandwich is really good,  Pizza margarita, I could go on and on.  Great food, great people and the service matches the food.
5	Let me preface this by saying...I wasn't even that hungry! Discovered the most amazing restaurant today. Tucked away in a nondescript dusty corner of nowhere in Queen Creek, it is the best place I've eaten in the whole Phoenix Valley. If they had a central location, there'd be a 2 hour wait to get in. Prosciutto wrapped homemade warm mozzarella appetizer to die for. Cuban pork sandwich that makes you want to become cuban. Chicken sandwich that tasted so good, you don't want to swallow...just let the flavor mellow in your mouth. And to top it off, homemade ice cream for dessert...Honey Jack Daniels and Cinnamon Brown Sugar. If you live in Gilbert, Chandler, Queen Creek or even Tucson...GO EAT HERE!!! I want to go back when I'm really hungry with a large group of friends so we can try the whole menu. -- at The Deli Queen Creek.
4	Liza MedeliBy The RueTried out The Deli, Oh what a gem,No pad for the Heli,But I won't condem.Bruschetta and pizza, They were both great,Margharita not meatsa,So much food I ate. Iced tea of passion fruit,Refills were often,Didn't go with Dwight Shroot,My bowels it did not soften.Pretty good martini selection,Though I didn't try one,Relish spread made to perfection,My visits just begun.Meet and cheese tray,Will run you nine bucks,I promise it will make your day,Leave you saying "awe shucks".I can't wait to come back again,To try the sandwhiches,Maybe I'll bring a friend,And leave them in stitches. (Because I'm funny, not becasue I'll cut them)Hard Salami!!
5	I can't believe a place like this exists in Queen Creek.  I couldn't decide what to get so I got 3 apps.  Brie, prosciutto and crab...  My 3 fav's and our server was so nice!!  I will be back.
4	We were thrilled to find this place.  It's not fancy but the food is delicious and incredibly well prepared.  I had dinner there the other day with two of my family.  We started with Caesar Salads, which were very large.  They were pretty typical, but then there's not much you can do with a Caesar Salad anyway.For entrees, my husband ordered a pizza.  It had a wonderfully fresh crust and the toppings were delicious.  (We are from Chicago so we know pizza.)  I had one of the 3 daily specials, cheese tortellini with Italian sausage and shrimp.  Excellent.  The shrimp were perfectly cooked and were not overpowered by the spices in the sausage.  My Mom also had one of the specials, a meatloaf dinner.  This was the least good of the bunch - the meatloaf was pretty dry and over-seasoned with rosemary.Our server (Richie) was attentive an did a great job.The only real negatives are the butcher paper "tablecloths" (yech!) and the meatloaf.That aside, we will be back!
5	I have been going to the Deli for awhile now and I have to say that they Never Disappoint.  The Food is Awesome and the fact that they use local sources for their food and drink makes them even better.I really enjoy their weekly specials and their sandwiches are superb. If you just want to go and have a few drinks, you need to hit up Poppies Place (Not Sure if I spelled it Correctly, but it the second half of the restaurant.)  My Wife and I have eaten our dinners there the last few times, because the restaurant was full and it is very comfortable.The waitstaff and owners are very friendly and will help you make a decision if you are between two different entries.I highly recommend this place to anyone that is in the Queen Creek Area, and you will discover that this little Gem is delicious.
5	We live in Chandler but would rather drive here than to Scottsdale for a fabulous dinner.  We drove out here after several people told me how good it was.  The Deli did not disappoint. My family of 5 ordered everything from sandwiches to pork tenderloin.  The food is farm fresh and divine.  Great beer and wine selection  Very affordable gourmet food.  We will be back!
4	I've been here a few times and placed orders to go as well.  I love the Crab cake sandwich!  That's i got again this past weekend. :)  My wife got herself some turkey sandwich, but made the mistake of sending me to go pick up the order and bring it home....  Unfortunately,(mostly for me), The Deli gave me the wrong order.  It's easy to see why, my sandwich was in there and it was right.  I had no idea what she got, so i just took the order home.  Yes, My wife was upset!!  She promptly called them right up and expressed her frustration, and they fixed the situation to her satisfaction.  And of course, she got my sandwich and I ate the misfit sandwich.  Can't say that I would order it again....  But at least she was happy. :)  Good job on making things right for us!!!
5	This is most popularly referred to as Queen Creeks hidden treasure, well they are not kidding. We have been coming here for years and absolutely love every visit. It is a family owned and operated business and they always treat you like family when you come in. This is a very diverse place and has such charm that it can be a casual afternoon place to go or a dress up date night occasion. The food is always top notch and we are never disappointed. The Cuban sandwich is almost always my go to meal. Everything about this sandwich just screams delicious. From the moment it gets close to your mouth there is nothing more enjoyable. The name The Deli does not really give you the real impression for what your taste buds are in store for. They have had some fantastic write ups in Sunset Magazine and the Arizona Republic. Check out what the real food critics have to say and trust me take their word for it. Best of all they really help to provide a great sense of local community by using as many local Food Purveyors as possible. It is great to see them promoting one another especially in these struggling times.It is located on San Tan Blvd just east of Power Rd on the North side of the street. It is tucked back in the corner so keep your eyes open so that you don't miss it. This is a great time of year to go out and enjoy dining on their patio. It is a good environment for families or couples. It is just a very inviting place to be and lose yourself in one of Blake's wonderful creations or enjoy a glass of wine personally recommend by his wife Nicole.No matter what you can't go wrong!
5	Fantastic little place for lunch and dinner.  A bit misnamed, it really isn't a typical deli.  Used to be a bit of a secret, but the word is getting out.  My favorite is the Roast Beef sandwich for lunch.  And anything on the menu for dinner.  Blake, Nicole and crew do a fantastic job!  Poppy's place is nice and quiet for an enjoyable date.
1	We made reservations at The Deli for Thanksgiving several weeks in advance. We got back from a trip out of country that day and took the excited kids over for dinner. The place was closed. Thanks for nothing, The Deli. Would a phone call telling us you changed your schedule for Thanksgiving have been so hard?
5	Love it!  They make their own cheeses and use local produce and meats.  They also make wonderful ice creams.  If you're ever in the neighborhood or just in the mood for something fabulous, you should stop by!
2	We found this place over a year ago, and have been going regularly since. With the holidays and all, we hadn't been back since mid-November. Last night we took some friends, their first time. Disappointing. Lots of changes in two months. They're now only open until seven, even on weekends. They've done away with paper covering the tables (no big deal). The waitress told us "If you want water, tea or soda, it's serve yourself now." Okay, but I don't really go out to dinner to serve myself, and given the uncovered coughing and sneezing of the patrons, I didn't really want to partake of anything from the communal serving station. The servers used to start by bringing out a little paper bag filled with pieces of several kinds of bread baked in the restaurant, with a tasty little tapenade-ish spread for it. Gone. The pizza used to be on delicious ciabatta crust. Not anymore. Out of the bag flatbread (or so it seemed) now. And the homemade ice cream in interesting flavors (balsamic and sea salt, honey and chile, brandy cinnamon, etc.)? Gone. Replaced by generic gelato flavors (vanilla bean, chocolate and peanut butter). The entrees were fine, but not exceptional, and given the cutbacks to service and amenities, $19 for some fish and rice is a little steep. Each change may be a small one (the waitress was pretty defensive when we asked if they'd changed management), but together they add up to make this just a sandwich shop, not the interesting little treasure it used to be. Sadly, I don't see us going again.
5	My wife and I have  been wanting to try The Deli in Queen Creek after reading all the great reviews on Yelp.  We went in for lunch to try it out. The restaurant is tucked in a corner of a small strip mall, you would pass it up if you weren't looking for it. The menu offered quite a few interesting items and we had a hard time picking.We ordered the Warm Prosciutto Wrapped House Made Mozzarella for $5 and the broccoli cheddar soup (soup of the day) to start off with. the soup was one of the best broccoli cheddar soups I've had. It was delicious. The mozzarella came on skewers wrapped with the prosciutto lightly browned, we couldn't get enough!We ordered the Cuban sandwich which was highly rated in the reviews. The Cuban sandwich was made up of Cuban style roast pork & ham with provolone,  pickles, and Dijon aioli on ciabatta bread Price: half -$4.65 whole $7.65. The sandwich was excellent and flavorful.We also ordered the (waitress recommended) steak sandwich which is roast beef, provolone, sauteed mushrooms, caramelized onions, lettuce, mayo on  ciabatta. The mushrooms and ciabatta definitely made this a sandwich to remember. I think we agreed the steak sandwich was better (not by much) Than the Cuban. For dessert we ordered a molten chocolate lava cake with ice cream ( I wished we didn't share that...). They had several flavors of ice cream to choose from.The restaurant serves wine and beer.Don't let the name fool you, this is a restaurant with plenty of seating, a wait staff and quite the selection of items on the menu to keep you coming back for more.
5	Yum! Yum! Yum! Seriously one of the best sandwiches I have ever eaten! Worth driving to, it is kind of out in the middle of nothing. Will definitely visit next time I am in town.
5	This is one of the best kept secrets of Queen Creek.  And it's slowly becoming less of a secret.  Somewhat hard to find, but beyond worth it.  My family and I have still only done their lunches.  I have not tried the dinner, but hear great things about it.As for lunch, this is one of the best places to grab lunch in the SouthEast Valley.  It is not hard to understand why when you look at their supplier list.  All their ingredients are locally produced from Queen Creek.  Olive Mill, Shnepf Farms, and The Pork Shop to list a few.  You must eat here at least once.  I personally love the Cuban sandwich.  Homemade pasta and potato salads are unique and very delicious as well.
2	Would not recommend coming during their lunch rush. Amazing food. HORRIBLE service. Dont expect to be able to ask a question without a nasty look or snotty answer.
5	My wife and I have been dining at the Deli for probably 2 years and have yet to have a bad meal.  Tonight was excellent!  We started with a glass of white wine, and had the prosciutto wrapped around house made mozzarella.  Phenomenal!  My wife had the roasted chicken breast served with a bacon,corn & quinoa cakes, along with roasted seasonal veggies.  I had the beef tenderloin with the same accompanying sides.  Nothing short of fantastic for the both of us.  For what it's worth, I've eaten tenderloin at very high rated restaurants (i.e. The Buttes, Don Shula's, Ruth Chris's, etc) and I'd put the tenderness and taste of the Deli's tenderloin and accompaniments up against any of them for less $$. Sure - the atmosphere in the other places may be better, but it sure is a nice place to go for a great meal at a reasonable price.  Poppy's place next door is connected to the Deli - and a great place for couples, with the same great food.Check them out!  We don't think you'll be sorry you made the drive.
1	After searching Yelp for other restaurants in our area with great reviews, it seemed to me that The Deli was going to be a new hit for our family. Needless to say it was an epic FAIL. Everything about this place, including the name is mediocre. We walked into the restaurant which looks like an old beat up hole in the wall that should be featured on Chef Ramsey's Kitchen Nightmares. Warning! The place looks nothing like the pictures featured on it's website. I ordered a turkey sandwich (hold the cheese, hold the mayo), add avocado, and add cucumbers. The avocado was an additional 1.50, which wasn't a big surprise considering most places up charge for avocado. I was appalled to see that I was charged .45 for cucumber after the check arrived. Get real, The Deli, a whole cucumber costs that much. My husband got a meatball sub which was decent. It wasn't anything special and he said he likes Subway's meatball sub even better. My children split the mac n cheese meal and it was fine. Again nothing special. The atmosphere is horrendous. We sat on the patio facing Queen Creek's finest meth lab, a boarded up house. The plants on the patio were mostly wilted. They had one shade up and one shade down, which doesn't sound that bad, but it appeared to me that they were rarely touched. The door leading to the patio had some janky door handle that looked like a bent metal coat hanger. Our silverware was brought out in glass jars as was our check. The kids menu was a 6" x 3" piece of card stock that was so full of wrinkles it looked like the previous patron attempted an origami. We were told to get out own drinks. None of this would have been as big of a deal if we purchased a 20.00 meal. And even if it was just 20.00, we still probably wouldn't return. When the waiter came out, he presented a 35.00 check. I thought "for a turkey sandwich, meatball sandwich, and a small side of noodles?!?!?!" This was when I noticed that they had all these miscellaneous charges like .45 cucumbers. How about you credit me for the mayo/cheese I didn't receive. I was so irritated for a second I thought about not even tipping especially considering the waiter didn't do anything but bring us the menu, take our order, and take our money. But I realized he shouldn't be penalized for his crappy employer. This place is so overpriced and yet spends very little to convey that they actually care about their patrons. This place is a flippin joke, a rip off, and we will never return here again.
5	Excellent food, service, everything.
5	My friend has been talking about The Deli for years now but my husband and I lived over an hour and a half away. We just recently moved to Gilbert a week ago and made our way to The Deli today - and boy oh boy...I know why my friend sings its praises. Its a small place kind of in an unexpected area. The service was decent - very friendly servers.My husband and I got two different sandwiches so we could share. I chose to get the prosciutto with mozzarella and roasted tomatoes -YUM! But the true winner ....THE REUBEN - holy schmolly! it was the best reuben i've ever had - everything was fresh, homemade and just plain delish!
5	Cant complain about anything here......Excellent  is the word I would use to describe my experience. Try the hummus and the pickled vegis are a great addition.
5	Had lunch at The Deli a few weeks ago.  Had heard good things about it and was looking forward to trying it.    I had a sausage sandwich that was OUTSTANDING!  The service was excellent and the atmosphere was casual and comfortable.  The dinner special (for that evening) sounded great.  Looking forward to a return trip very soon!
5	WOW. Talk about  a sandwich. This is the way a sandwich should be. Definitely worth driving there for. If  you get  there too early you can have a super breakfast at San Tan Cafe. The deli knows how to make a New York deli sandwich. Cant wait to try  the pastrami.
5	My new sandwich place. Outstanding food, great customer service.
5	The Deli was an amazing experience which was totally unexpected. My family took me here on a whim and I was skeptical. Boy was I wrong! The dishes are far from average and I had the country fried steak with lemon butter sauce, mashed potatoes, and vegetables. I wouldn't change a thing about it! I also had the bean soup which was super tasty as well. If you're in the area, do not hesitate to make your way to The Deli!
3	First off I have to say the food was excellent.  I had the Cuban sandwich with potato salad.  The service was horrible that is why I rated this 3 stars. The waitress I had was terrible.  She was not knowledge when I asked about things she said she didn't know instead of going to find out.  I also saw her smelling the drinks that grossed me out. To top it off she over charged us $6 when I brought this to the attention of the owner he told us we had to talk to the waitress.  If I go back I will order to go.
4	The food at The Deli is amazing.  They have a great reputation locally and I had my suspicions the first time we found this little hole in the wall but the first bite changed erased all doubt about the food.  I can't say anything bad.  My wife loves the crab cakes.  I'm a fan of the prosciuttto wrapped mozzarella.  I love the cuban sandwich but honestly, everything we've ever eaten has been amazing.  Even the dessert offerings are off the chart.  I love that they work with other local places like the Olive Mill and the Pork Shop in getting local product on the table.  The only negative is that they have funky hours and they've changed yet again.  I know it's tough to keep this place so intimate and personal and the owners have to be getting run down.  It's a lunch and breakfast place now.  We were turned away a couple months ago because we walked in at 7 PM on a Saturday night as they were already closing.  We have a knack for stopping the one week a year they close down for vacation.  It's happened three years in a row now.  I just hope the shorter hours are not a sign that they are on their way out.  The food is the best around for miles and miles.
1	I have no idea why people are giving this place such rave reviews! The food was mediocre at best and I was not impressed at all. I wanted to like the place because I live about 5 minutes away. The food was about as good as Denny's which is not saying much. I had an Italian sausage sandwich on multigrain bread. The bread looked and tasted like basic cheap store bought bread. I guess I was expecting fresh baked bread instead of something I could make at home. I was also surprised that our sandwiches did not come with fries, potato chips, or some kind of potato salad or slaw. Most places include something other than the two tiny pickles with a sandwich. My husband wouldn't even try the pickles because he said it looked like something that had been thrown on the floor. I tried the pickle and was kinda grossed out because it was soggy. I've never had a soggy pickle in my life. I also ordered scrambled eggs for my toddler and once again I felt the eggs I make at home taste better. My husband did enjoy his bacon sandwich but also felt the bread was mediocre. We also ordered a margherita pizza to share. The pizza was the worst disappointment of all. It came on a thin lavosh bread which is more like a extra thin flat bread. It did not taste fresh. I even looked at pictures on yelp of the pizza and what we were served looked nothing like those pictures. I have to wonder if they changed  the pizza or if the pictures posted on yelp are fake.
5	Some of the best food in the valley.  It is all fresh and yummy.  I have yet to have a bad meal at this place.
5	WOW, All I say is YUM. Somehow I've missed this little place too long. Purchased 2 Groupons $15 for $30. So glad I did. Went for a late Sunday breakfast. Great looking menu. So many choices, so little room!Ordered Eggs Benedict, it's a choose your meat thing, Crab cake, Ham, Fillet Mignon, Bacon , Turkey and  Roasted Pepper & Tomato. I chose the bacon served with fried potatoes. The potatoes were just short of perfect. Crispy, w/just the right amount of seasoning. The eggs were served on a homemade buscuit, expertly poached . The hollandaise sauce was perfect, rich and delicious. Overall the meal was just right.The server could use a few seasons under her belt, but no major fumbles and sweet as could be! Don't miss this place. And in all truth I would probably travel a bit to eat here!
4	i have been to the deli's about 50 times and have never once had an issue. i have searched high and low for decent pizza in this town and this is the best that i have found. i have always had friendly service (in fact, they recognize me now and every once in a while comp my lunch!) and the food has been consistently excellent.
3	Love this place, but so sad with their limited and confusing hours of operation?  The website and voice message give conflicting hours/days of operation?  Ultimately, the kitchen closes by 6 pm--super tough to make dinner plans!
2	I guess I just went on a bad day, or picked the wrong item.  I was not impressed with the breakfast this morning at all.  The hash consisted of half-cooked onions, decently cooked breakfast potatoes and sandwich-sliced pastrami that was cooked to the point of being hard and had no flavor.  The "toast" was not toasted.  Very sad given the recommendations by others and family of this establishment.  I intend to return and try again in hopes that I just ordered the wrong item or ordered on a bad day.
5	Tried The Deli today for the very first time after reading all the good reviews. First of all the place was packed and we had to wait to get a table, who would have thought that a little joint tucked in the corner of a tiny center in Queen Creek would be full, but the must be a reason why! Once we got a table after about a 10 minute wait, we were waited on quickly. My wife had a Caprese sandwich and I got the Reuben. We both ordered the Baked French Onion soup as well. The food came out quickly and all of it was absolutely delicious. Can't believe we missed this place for the past 2 years. We will definitely be back for more!!!!
4	I really love this place. Breakfast and lunch are both stellar, you can't go wrong with anything you get. I don't live close enough to frequent as often as I would like, but when we go out that way we always make a stop. I have had some good servers and some not so good servers, the female owner can present an attitude as well that's why I am only giving 4 stars.
5	Took the family after church this morning, and was very impressed with this establishment!  Walked in to a packed house and was able to secure a table after a short wait, and we were waited on right away by our server. The Trio appetizer was delicious, with scratch made Hummus, marinated mushrooms and artichoke hearts served on slices of flatbread.  My wife got the Reuben, and she thoroughly enjoyed it.  I selected the Sausage sandwich which came on a nice Ciabatta bread, and it was a great choice.   The melted cheddar mixed with the grilled peppers really stood out, and the sausage was lightly spiced, giving it a hearty feel.  The atmosphere was great, with a country and rustic feel, giving a sense of comfort rarely found elsewhere.  I noticed everything was fresh, and it made big difference with how the flavors really came out. In fact, the only thing frozen was the ice in our drinks, not like many chain establishments. We will definitely be back, as the pizza selection and breakfast choices looked very enticing.  Overall, I recommend that everyone give this little tucked-away gem a shot, especially if you are a fan of hearty fresh food!
2	Went to lunch with the family today with a Groupon. I got a pancake with deli potatoes and seasonal fruit. The fruit was a mixture of honeydew, oranges, and apple slices. The honeydew was not ripe and very hard. The pancake was decent, not great. The deli potatoes were odd. They were not very flavorful and seemed to be cooked too long. My brother got the white cheddar grilled cheese and enjoyed that. My parents both got omelets and thought they were pretty good, with unusual but tasty combinations. They too got the potatoes and did not enjoy them. Overall, the food was okay, but we will not go back unless we have another groupon. The service was awful; it was pathetic. We were seated at a dirty table and had to ask for it to be wiped down. Nobody came back for 10 minutes, not even to bring water. When our waitress finally came and brought water, there were no straws and she walked away before we could ask for some. When my brother ordered his kids meal, she did not ask what he wanted for his drink that came with it. We tried several times to flag her down, and it seemed almost as if she was purposely ignoring us. When it came time to check out, we were charged incorrectly for my brother's meal. The whole thing was really disappointing, especially because of the glowing reviews on here. Oh well, it was really far from our house anyway.
2	They don't have the yummy ice cream anymore :( I have tried this place 3 times. Everything I have tried is sour or salty. The house salad, the chicken salad, the bruchetta...They should take some bruchetta lessons from Postinos. I really want to like this place. The pink peppercorn homemade ice cream was the only thing I loved. Ambiance is lacking and the service is awful. Ehh.
5	Been wanting to try this place ever since I saw it on "Check Please" . . . and today I finally got the chance.Started with the Green Chili Chowder . . . Nicely seasoned, perfect chili taste, and not too thick . . . a great start to the meal.Up next, the Crab Cake Bites . . . Loads of crab, nice and moist inside with a great crunchy outside . . . the perfect appetizer.Main course, the Cuban Sandwich . . . Thought I died and went to heaven . . . the cibatta roll was fresh and soft, the meat melted in you mouth, and the seasoning was perfect.Service was great, price was reasonable . . . and yes . . . this place is definately on my return trip list.
5	Awesome food.  Worth the time.  Great kid menu too.
5	Ok so this place is reallllyyyy Far East, but for those of you lucky enough to live in the Far East valley you are so lucky to have such a great place so close to you! Such a cute, cozy place.. And the food is amazing!!! Never had anything bad here, always fresh.
5	Girlfriend brought me here after a long hike at San tan and boy was I impressed! Cucumber cocktails are fresh and light. My new fav by the way!  It was clear there was family and love in this restaurant.  The place has a unique spin on your typical deli items; such as hot/cold sandwiches, soups, pasta salads and even home made ice cream.  Have to try this place you will not be disappointed!
5	I absolutely love this place. Nice place to take visiting friends and relatives. Food is really delicious and priced reasonably.  Big portions, you won't  be disappointed.
4	Went to The Deli for the first time- outstanding place and I can't wait to go back soon for breakfast.  Great food at good prices. Highly recommend visiting.Heads up though- closed Mondays!!
5	Great gourmet food!  We've had just about everything on the menu.  The soups are heavenly.  The bar is well stocked.  A little noisy inside, if you are sound sensitive sit on the patio or go at on off hour. Love this place!Has great holiday full course dinners for Valentine's Day, Thanksgiving etc...
5	This is third or fourth time and I absolutely love this place. Nice place to take visiting friends and relatives. Food is really delicious and priced reasonably.  Big portions, you won't be disappointed. Break here is number one in the Queen Creek area as well as lunch.
5	I drive by this place weekly, and about two months ago decided to stop in for lunch. The service is always top notch, the food fantastic, always  piping hot and the value is exceptional.
5	FANTASTIC!!  Not much more to say. I had a Daily special French dip sandwich on ciabatta bread. It was perfect!  I love deli sandwiches and I've enjoyed the food at several deli's around the country, this place has to rank in the top 3. Excellent food and service. Also, get the carrot cake. If you don't you'll regret it!
5	I love this place. Excellent food and service. Don't let the location in Queen Creek fool you. This place could easily survive against brunch restaurants in Scottsdale or Downtown Phoenix. I recommend the Eggs Benedict!
5	Love this place. Eggs Benedict is one of the best if not the best in the Phx valley. I get the Turkey Benedict.
4	Excited to go back, went and had the Reuben which was solid, my wife had a pizza which was pretty good, but probably the best meal was my daughter, who got the kids breakfast. My wife and I couldn't get over how good her pancake was.  Definitely going back for breakfast one of these days.  Also good to support a local company!
5	Hands down the best club sandwich I can remember ever eating! this will be a new regular eating place for us. worth the drive from anywhere in the valley
2	Wasn't that impressed.  They were "out of" sausage gravy though if it's homemade that's super easy to make. Eggs and sausage were all over cooked.  The potatoes were bland!  They are way over prices with the specials also... $16.99 for one breakfast plate!?!?!We were told they didn't have any forks because they were in the dishwasher- (take one out and wash it by hand). The vents are disgustingly dirty which makes me question everything else. Won't be coming here again, which is a bummer since I really wanted to support a local deli. :(
5	this place was AMAZING.i will drive anywhere for a good brunch. i live on the outskirts of chandler so the trek to queen creek wasn't asking much.  hidden away in a little strip mall, you might drive by it... do not panic.  it's there, i promise.there isn't a hostess table.  do not be confused.  someone will eventually talk to you.  just look sad & lost.  we were seated after about 15 minutes.  the place was pretty packed at eleven.  lots of families & loud babies.  the patio seems like a nice oasis from that mess but we were seated next to the restrooms inside.  i'm not even mad.we started with the mozzarella and warm prosciutto drizzled with pesto.  who knew something so simple would be that great... my mouth is watering thinking about it.  for brunch, i ordered the eggs benedict.  soo good.  instead of an english muffin, the eggs were situated on a flaky homemade biscuit.  glorious butter.  and those potatoes... heavenly.  all of the food i tried was FRESH.  they know good food.i'm excited to go back... i feel like i found a little gem in queen creek.
5	Quaint little hole-in-the-wall deli with super fresh ingredients and very inventive daily specials. Their hummus and corn chowder are superb. Their flatbread pizzas are delish! The owner/chef is a very down-to-earth guy who often visits tables to personally check on your meal. And don't forget to grab a carrot cake before you go!
5	This is one of our favorite local spots! Being from the east coast, we were overjoyed to see a CRAB CAKE omelet! Not to mention all of their bread is homemade, and delicious!  I've never had a bad meal here!
4	I've eaten there many times since it has opened for both breakfast and lunch. The ingredients are excellent, locally sourced I believe.Breakfast - Big portions, pretty standard fare. The hollandaise sauce is unique, a bit more watery than I'm used to but tasty. The crab cake benedict is a nice touch. Overall, wish the breakfast offerings were a bit more creative from a trained Chef. Lunch - I believe is their better meal. The Cuban sandwich is nice, the Ruben very good and the Chef Salad is one of my favorites!Love a locally owned, honest eatery with very good food and service.
3	The Deli is a solid three stars - just as it says, it's A-OK. There's good and bad, but the bad outweigh the good, and I'm lazy, so I haven't driven back out there in a while.The good: Cute location, LOTS of menu choices, delicious gelato!The bad:Staff isn't very friendly, almost everything is over-priced.Is it worth checking out? Sure! It's a local tourist attraction and I would take friends there if they were visiting. However, as a local, it's not a place I'll visit otherwise.
5	Main Points:-Variety of breakfast and lunch entrees and sandwiches-One of the best eats in Queen Creek-Don't dine in if you're in a hurry, may need to call ahead for groupsReview:I believe The Deli is 5 stars because when compared to other sandwich/deli type shops, this place stands out.  It's got interesting decor made out of burlap coffee bags and wine bottles, which makes it a neat place to dine.  The sandwiches are so delicious, my absolute favorite is their Reuben - it's loaded with hot pastrami and tasty goodness. Their soups have been consistently good,and their bruschetta and carrot cake are addicting.  It's also one of the best restaurants in Queen Creek, so if you live around the area you need to try it!Unfortunately, the Deli is no longer open for dinner, breakfast and lunch only and they're open Wednesday through Sunday 7am-3pm with lunch starting at 10:30am.  It also tends to get a little loud in there as it is a popular eatery with poor acoustics, and you should expect to be there a while because it takes time to make Queen Creek's best sandwiches! If you need food in a hurry, just order take out, I've done it several times and it's always hot and ready when they say it will be.
5	Outstanding sandwiches, the Cuban and the Crabcake are my favorite ones.  Great atmosphere, although don't expect an intimate conversation.  Always a great experience.
2	This place use to be open for dinner and they had it going on. Unfortunately now they do Breakfast and lunch. Food is good and the service is hit or miss.
1	Only open until 3:00 p.m?? Come on guys! I've heard great things about your place, but your hours are hugely inconvenient.  So I've been unable to check you out.
5	A diamond In the Queen Creek rough with huge portions of fresh, delicious breakfast food.  You must stop In If you for whatever reason find yourself wondering around in Queen Creek.
5	I've never had a more delicious and wholesome breakfast.  The staff is very inviting and my wife and I can't wait to come back for lunch.
4	When my mom visited me to my place. She requested me to have a simple lunch with a simple menu. Got here to taste their Turkey breast and my mom was very surprised with the taste and she loves it! Wow, thanks that I made the right choice.We completely had a good day! :) I wish they can extend up to dinner time.
3	Went today for lunch....more like 2.5 stars for my first experience. Three words come to mind, loud, dim and dirty. Let me explain. The loud comes from the concrete floors and lack of sound absorbing materials add some chatty tables and it was like a hen house. The dim comes from what appears to be a lack of light bulbs...lots of can lights with no bulbs. The dirty is more like dingy but that combined with the open kitchen and I smelled like the sandwich I didn't order. Speaking of that, I ordered a chicken sandwich and got a crab patty. Service was friendly and the menu items looked good.and I really wanted to like the place. My salad was large and less expensive than the Bistro so there's that going for it. I probably won't go back unless its someone else s suggestion.
4	Love the look of the place. The staff was excellent. The variety on the menu was great. Food was very good. Only negative I can think of is that they are only open till 3 PM. I would love to try their wine and cheese board but not before 3 PM,
4	We have eating here for the last few weeks. Big dishes served , prices are great for the amount of food you get . The servers are nice, friendly , always suggest things . Clean inside and out , the menu is wonderful , breakfast served all day , the hash browns are real chucks if potatoes , to sandwiches, soups and salads , you can sit in our out side .this is a wonderful find,
5	I loved the place...Don't judge a book by its cover. The word deli is misleading it's more like a restaurant.  The workers went above and beyond. Thanks to all the previous yelp endorsements otherwise I would of missed this gem of a place. Special thanks to the cook .. never met a cook who was friendly. The food was delicious. The group of nine of us didn't have a complaint the food portions was great compared to the very reasonable pricing. I wish we had a place like this in Iowa.
5	The easiest 5 Stars I've given in a looooong time! I was visiting a friend that had just moved to QC and we needed Yelp to guide us. Let me tell you...we were not let down! This place is amazing!! The breakfast potatoes are fantastic. Even the multigrain bread was brilliant! How do I give more stars?
4	The Deli is a nice place to eat in Queen Creek. The atmosphere is nice and service is good. I ordered the Ruben sandwich and I must say it was excellent. Marbled Rye bread succulent corn beef, cheese and thousand island dressing. If you get the chance check out the Deli for a great meal.
4	Great food and the service is great too.  If you stop by you have to try the soup, it is always amazing!
5	My sister took me here because she used to take her kids to the dance studio next door (dance on, my friends). To my surprise, I actually found a breakfast place that doesn't completely kill me on the inside. I'm used to finding good breakfast spots in Los Angeles, but here in Arizona it's a bit tricky and usually you give in to the drab that is named IHOP, then regret it later. I understand the location is a bit far away from what most normal people would travel to get food, but if you are in the area, DEFINITELY check it out.The menu is pretty standard, the eggs benedict is actually good and I don't usually eat that. I had a caprece omelet, but added steak! I think the manager (or someone important?) came out and told me it was a pretty good idea; and it was. Outdoor seating is a little limited, but it's there. The inside has more seating, but it's honestly not too bright in there (which is actually good for early hangover breakfast outings).Overall 5 stars because of the food. Service was good, but nothing you will be blown away by, still good though, keep it up guys!
