3	Kind of a divey surprisingly large bar in a residential section of Lawrenceville. The food is touted as amazing, pizzas and calzones etc. however it was really greasy. Competing with Mineo's greasy. Cattivo's is occasionally fun on a saturday night-- sometimes packed and sometimes the bartender is the only one there for ladies night. Even when packed, few will get down and dance to soldier boy. The drinks are cheap so get liquored up and go with a big group...
4	Cool,  neighborhood bar.  Good place to watch the game....good drink prices & good food.  Sometimes it gets really packed on Saturday nites,  and the lower level downstairs is really nice.  Too bad the upstairs isn't as nice.  Unfortunately,  it's the only lesbian bar left in the city.   :( It's a nice chill spot,  most of the patrons are kinda friendly & the bartenders are nice too.  It's not the fanciest bar in the city,  but I always have a good time everytime I come here.
4	I really like this bar! Friendly service, great "bar food" and pizza, reasonable drinks. Upstairs is very "neighborhood bar" feeling, but downstairs is very nice and loungy, big enough to dance or go across the floor talk and actually hear what's being said. Nice decor, clean. I can go all decked out and not feel out of place. It is a lesbian bar, which is awesome because they are very tolerant and open minded and get all kinds of people, especially on the different club nights like Sinferno that happen regularly. I'm straight, and its one of the only places I go to dance!
4	Once again, a preface...I am NOT a bar fan of any variety.  Sitting at a bar and drinking for recreation is not my idea of any kind of fun time.  A former friend of mine who IS more than a recreational drinker invited me along with another of his recreational drinker buddies to Cattivo for 'dinner'.  Since I don't really have the opportunity to get out much, and never having been to the place, I said 'sure'.Flat out, I can't comment on the 'bar' aspect of this bar.  I do know it's supposed to be predominantly Lesbian, I can't say whether the drinks are good or not because I didn't drink, and I can't comment on the 'gay' or 'entertainment' aspects because frankly, I don't care for drag or thudding thump-thump dance music, and wasn't there for any...but for me, what this review is about is the food aspect of Cattivo.If you are a fan of 'bar food', and like it to be REAL bar food, done right, then Cattivo should be on your list for a place to drop by for a quick bite.While lush one and two sat downing their drinks, talking incessantly and not listening to each other or me if I attempted to join the 'conversation', I ordered the fried fish that came with a side of fries, and the fried appetizer platter, with my usual Diet Coke.The portions were generous, and more importantly, they were made with care, and were real.  This wasn't a frozen fish patty nuked back to life, or a bag of frozen veggies dumped in the deep fryer to fry and burn.  The fish was flavorful and tender, and the breading was seasoned and absolutely delicious.  The fries were real and cooked just right, and the appetizers (which were plentiful) were chicken wings (nice and plump and juicy without being overcooked,) Provolone sticks (again, cooked just right, crispy and seasoned on the outside, gooey and tasty on the inside,) zucchini (in strips, ditto to the rest,) mushrooms (ditto) and they served it up with some ranch dressing for me, which I always prefer over marinara sauce.Honestly, the fish was tastier and more reasonable in price than anything I've ever gotten from Wholey or Benkovitz.  If you're around Lawrenceville, and you're looking for a really good end of the work day fish sandwich and a side of fries, in a pretty calm and relaxed atmosphere, and you don't mind doing it without seventeen TV's blasting sports coverage at you, then this is definitely a good choice to make.  I can't speak for the 'bar party hour', but I can speak for the basic dinner hour, and some very good and reasonable food.Just one warning to the health freaks.  I smoke, and in my own life generally I don't smoke indoors at all, but Cattivo does permit smoking in the bar and restaurant.  So if you're the type that starts coughing at the sight of an unopened pack of cigarettes deep in a vending machine, this might not be the option for you.
5	I've always loved cattivo, in that sort of neighborhood bar kind of way. I've never really gone here looking to meet girls, so I can't speak to that, and I tend to drink early and leave before it gets crowded. Maybe that's why I like it so much. The bartenders are nice and the happy hour crew is a good mix. They'll make me a pizza or a calzone with no cheese, and that's kind of a big deal for me. Their dough is my kind of perfect -- crispy on the outside and not greasy, but chewy. Ever since they made the switch to mixed greens instead of iceberg lettuce, the salads have become a meal on their own. I don't come here as much these days (living on the top of the hill and no longer having a girlfriend who lives right across the street), but I sometimes miss those days.
5	Ok - I'm straight and go to Cattivo all the time and usually drag my boyfriend.  I love the bartender, Andrea (she makes a killer margarita and ask for the Starburst shot), and the crowd is always fun.  Thursdays are karaoke and a total scream - you will laugh, trust me.  The buffalo chicken pizza is amazing.  It's, by far, my favorite thing on the menu, but everything I've tried there is definitely above average.  I like Cattivo because it's not pretentious, or trying to be something it's not.  It's a bar where people drink, smoke, laugh, sing, dance, play pool, eat, and go home (hopefully, not alone!).  I love the downstairs, too.  I've gone to a few art shows and seen several great bands there.  It's a totally different vibe and a bit more upscale (which is pretty ironic, considering it's the basement).  I would say the main floor is a bar and the downstairs is a lounge.  Sometimes, I bounce between floors....how fun is that??  Drunk karaoke to start and then I collect myself and go downstairs to be a bit more cultured and civilized....all this social goodness and cheap entertainment in one building!   They have tons of special events, parties, and cool promotions, too.....check out their Facebook page.  I never go to Lawrenceville without stopping at Cattivo :-)
5	If you want to feel comfortable being openly queer, Pittsburgh can be tough. So it's always great when its LGBT community has more nightlife options. Enter Cattivo. Known generally as a lesbian bar, it hosts a great dance party on the second and fourth Saturdays of every month called Hanging Garden (like the Cure song). The rotating crew of DJs spins EBM, industrial, 80s, new-wave, and darkwave. I can't speak to the crowd on other nights, but the Saturday crowd is primo fun. Whether you're L, G, B, T, or none of the above, you'll feel comfortable there. And the bartenders mean business, quickly taking orders and serving up drinks, even when the crowds blow up. If you want to cut loose, have fun, or just miss Goth Night at The Upstage, drop by Cattivo on the second and fourth Saturdays of every month.
2	I stopped here with my friends on Friday and completely regret that decision. Here's why:1. it's pretty awful.2. The fact that they allow smoking is fine, but honestly can we invest in a better ventilation system? After five minutes in there I smell like hot garbage. 3. The mixed drinks are weak and the drafts are entirely over priced. 4. NO TAP WATER. Personally when I'm drinking I like to have a glass of water so I don't feel like hell the next day. WELL, after purchasing a pitcher of beer I asked for a water as well. The gentleman bartender happily obliged and gave me my request. A few moments later the female bartender came over grabbed my water and said "WE ONLY SERVE BOTTLED WATER" Umm... okay, so now with a purchase I can't have a glass of Pittsburgh tap water, rather I must purchase a bottle of water? She then proceeded to yell at the boy bartender about his CARELESS mistake. 5. The crowd is equivalent to a lesbian frat (yes frat, not sorority) house. Have fun with that.
5	MUST HAVE PIZZA!!!!  Absolutely the best pizza I have ever had.  EVER!  Chicago, New York , NOWHERE can touch this pizza!  Other than that its you basic neighborhood pub.  It is mostly a lesbian bar but they dont mind if guys come in just to hang out.  There are several goth nights throughout the month and occasional drag show and other events as well.  (These events are a mixed crowd everyone is welcome check the website for events calender)  The bartenders are really nice and make good drinks and theyre not crazy expensive.  HI ROB!  HI ELTON :)
5	This place still deserves five stars. My husband and I had our wedding reception here last May (no, it's not as dickish as it sounds - we're both queer and all of our friends are either LGBT or allies), and it was a hell of a good time. Our guests and I were treated to a band that sounded like a New York Dolls, Johnny Thunders-esque soloing and all, fronted by a cool, tough-as-nails punk chick who dressed sexy and sassy. We danced like there was no tomorrow - and the DJ spun all of our favorites, like "She's in Parties" by Bauhaus and "The Passenger" by Iggy Pop. Even though we spent the second half of 2012 preparing to bid Pittsburgh farewell, we always came back to Cattivo at least once a month. The DJs indulged my requests, cutting their lineup of tinny sounding modern dance music to play now-classics like "Policy of Truth" by Depeche Mode and "Laid" by James. If you want to dance your heart out on Saturday nights, I'm telling you - do NOT miss Cattivo on the second and fourth Saturdays of every month. I'm working on a potential business deal with a Pgh friend who's a Cattivo regular, and I'm already salivating at the thought of attending another Hanging Garden dance night.
3	I like this place. I go with my mom and it's always a good time. It does seem a little less friendly than some other bars- I've tried striking up conversations with people and get the stink-eye. Some other reviewers have called the place pretentious- I can see that. It's still a decent place to go, though, as long as you don't go alone. The food is awesome and drinks aren't badly priced.
4	This is a strong contender along with blue moon for the best gay bar in the city- and they're right down the street from each other! (I may or may not have gone to both bars in one night.) I've been here a couple times, and have had trouble both times finding this hole in the wall a little off the beaten track. However, the bar opens up nicely once inside and has a large middle area with an island bar, equipped with a few pool tables and dart boards on one side. This is actually a great and fun place to karaoke- no judgements, just a good time. A great mixed crowd here- straight women and men, gay men and lesbians. The last time I stopped in I ran into a straight couple who I'm good friends with. They just came to enjoy a fun night out, which is exactly what you will probably have if you stop in here! Oh, and FYI, the food here is pretty damn good too.
5	Some of the best pizza in Pittsburgh. It makes no sense I know. This ordinary bar on a side street in Lawrenceville but I'm telling you the truth. Exceptional crust, great sauce and perfectly cooked. Their white pizza is a hidden gem and might be the best white pizza in all of Pittsburgh. Give it a shot. They do take out if you just want a pizza at home.
5	What a great place to eat! They have AMAZING wings (I do not usually eat wings but these are great!) and the PIZZA!! OMG, you cannot beat it!!  2 floors, 2 different bars,  They always have different events Painte night is a blast! If you get a chance, check it out!
