5	This is a great laundromat! It was clean, the owner was actively keeping it clean. They owner was very friendly and helpful. The washers are newer and I feel like they actually got my clothes clean.There is a starbucks nearby and you can get wifi from nearby businesses.
5	I have tried other laundromats in the area but prefer this one over all. I typically use the $3 machine and can get a full laundry basket of clothes in one and they come out well-washed! I swing by to put my clothes in the wash and then go home or grab a bite to eat for the next 40ish minutes while they're cleaning. I would never worry about things going missing or my clothes being touched here. I have also used their dry cleaning service and they do a great job!
5	I should preface my comments by letting it be known that I have never even been in a laundromat before (until today), but I think this place is great.  I'm assuming the guy at the counter is the owner.  He was really nice and helped me get everything done.  My washer/dryer are out of commission and I needed to wash a bunch of clothes for work.  The guy helped me decide what size washers I would need and an approximate amount of quarters to use for the dryers.  It was kind of funny talking to a few of the 'regulars' while I waited as well.  Bottom line, the great customer service means I'll be back until my washer/dryer are functioning again (and probably for the dry cleaning too).
5	I always take my stuff here. They are nice and they do great alterations. Turn around time is quick too.This is the best customer service. Truly. Hands down. That's why I go here. Yes it is close to home, but the service is outstanding. They have also taken great care of my clothes. If you live close, I recommend them. There are also some pointers I recommend too. They are as follows:1. Don't go during lunch or rush hour time. Just don't do it unless you are planning to eat, drink at another establishment, which there are many, with in walking distance. I go in the morning or Saturdays.2. If you do plan to go eat at an establishment, look where you parked. That area, as with most places now, have limited parking. Make sure you move your car to a proper spot other wise you will get the boot.Hope this helps, and happy dry cleaning!
5	I have to give Mr. Kim some love. I found this cleaner on Yelp of course, and it has not disappointed. This place does a great job, they're friendly, have really late hours and a quick turn around. The prices are standard for the area. My blazers were about 6/7 a piece and my skirts may have been a little less. I dropped a handful of things off and the next day they were ready to go.  I forgot about a winter jacket I dropped off a few months ago, I wandered in the other day and Mr. Kim remembered me right away! Thanks for keeping my clothes lookin' fresh.  I'll try not to forget clothes there in the future. FYI be careful where you park.
5	Super sweet owners. Husband has been using their dry cleaning services for his work clothes and they have a fast turn around and remember their customers which is a plus. I know this because the 1st time I took in my husband's clothes they remembered his name and what clothes were dropped off previously.We didn't have a washer & dryer at one point so I brought in 3 loads of laundry but forgot the detergent. The owners were nice enough to load me some and helped me transfer my laundery from the W to the D. I had my 2 young kids and they were very kind to them too! It's obvious that they are a mom & pop shop that truly care for their customers. We've moved away from them 2 months ago but still go out of our way to go there.
5	I had them clean my down comforter.   The owners were really nice and the prices seemed good.
2	My husband is in law enforcement and has been wanting to try an area dry cleaners to have his uniforms washed and pressed. After doing some research on Yelp, I chose to take his uniforms to Kim's Cleaners. I am not saying that our experience was the typical experience, but would like people to know how this dry cleaners handles a range of situations. First of all, the customer service was great! We were impressed by the man behind the counter. However, my jaw almost hit the floor when we received  our bill. I had my husbands two long sleeve shirts, two short sleeve shirts, and two pairs of pants dry cleaned and pressed. Many area cleaners give discounts to law enforcement officers; I did not take away a star for Kim's not giving one, but it would be nice if they would consider this option, especially since many officers frequent the same dry cleaners (although likely not this one considering the prices). My husband also wanted the sleeves on the two short sleeved shirts taken in a 1/2 inch. Our total bill was almost $60. I think the actual dry cleaning was about $20-$25 and the alterations accounted for the rest. I did not feel that the dry cleaning was worth that much. I will definitely not be bringing anything else here. I would recommend others to check the price when you drop off your clothes.
