5	I have been using Mark's luggage for years. This is the best luggage repair shop in the valley, a consensus my friends (all pilots,) and I reached a while ago. As a professional pilot I live out of my roll-aboard for half the year. Inevitably I need to have my luggage fixed, and at Mark's it is always expertly done, very quick at super reasonable prices.
4	Marks Luggage is professional, fast, and does a great job for a fair price. What more can you ask for, the luggage repair shop services all kinds of baggage problems.  Mark's Luggage takes credit cards.1542 E Victory St, Phoenix
2	This review is specifically about Tumi Warranty repair.  Mark's is a preferred repair service for Tumi.  I recently sent a Tumi bag from Seattle for repair.  This briefcase was sold to me as having a lifetime warranty.  A side zipper failed, one that is used a lot, and Mark's determined it failed due to "damage".  Not only was this completely  untrue, but self-serving for both Marks (they priced the repair at $60) and Tumi (who don't honor original warranties).Mark's may be great at luggage repair but serving Tumi like this is not in their customers' best interest, IMO.
5	I've been pretty lucky lately...not very much traveling:)My luck has run out and now I get (get?!?!?!) to get back on the road a bit more than I would prefer.http://tinyurl.com/ykbg5wsI had to get some of my luggage back in shape...I buy pretty good stuff, (Andiamo, Tumi, etc.) but nothing lasts forever...esp. when entrusted to the gentle ministrations of the delightfully cavalier ladies and gentlemen that "handle" luggage for the various airlines that I use.Think "angry male rottweiler vs. your leg" and you begin to get the picture about how your bags are treated:)So I had to have some minor damage to my Andiamo Ro-Ro taken care of (and my Tumi gym bag was also in need of a couple of new zippers, etc...but it's 22 years old...I guess it was due:)Re-sewed, re-zippered and re-newed...$34 US money for both bags:)That's a lot less than a new Tumi Ro-Ro or new gym bag:)One thing I learned back on the ranch...you have to make sure that you get every possible nickel's worth of good out of everything...so fix things rather than buy new stuff all the time...those may not be words to live by, but they allow me to think of myself as "sustainable" instead of "crazy old coot":)It says something that I found out about this place from a buddy who flies left seat for SWA...this is where the flight crews go to get their bags fixed...and they seem to get more wear and tear on their luggage than I do:)We've been using Marks since we got to town...when the Beautiful Carin's Kipling duffel bag broke in half, or her Ro-Ro needed "re-wheeling" who fixed it? That's right, Marks:)In fact, I would go so far as to say, that if they can't fix it, it really can't be fixed:)If your bags are broken, your zippers won't zip, your wheelies won't wheelie and your handle doesn't, go see Marks...let them apply some some cheap, expert TLC to your luggage:)
5	Mark , Mark hes my man.. if he cant fix it no one can! My crew luggage goes to Mark.. and he fixes it timely and every time.. My luggage is flight crew luggage.. takes a beating.. he knows Travel Pro.. and how to get my warranty.. how to get my inflight supervisor to approve a new one..or not! AND even finds things that I didnt know were in there.. umm thats embarrassing! Seriously... I know this is cheesy... But drive a bit and get in the hood, Mark rocks and if you pay a bit more for his expertise, isnt it just worth it?
5	I was reffered to Mark's Luggage by Tumi as an authorized repair location.  I sent my very old Tumi bag in for a repair.  Once they received it Tim called me to give me a few options.  I chose to have the bag overhauled and I have to say for a very nominal price, they did a wonderful job!  They even included a garmet bag that had long been lost.Tim is the best!!!
5	Thumbs up on this place.  I found out about Mark's through my briefcase manufacturer's web page as an authorized repair shop for this brand (Briggs & Riley).  I was able to walk-in.  Staff was courteous and knowledgeable.  They also stocked the items I needed to repair the briefcase (Rollers and axels).  The repair took just a few minutes and I was out the door.  Very positive experience.
5	I registered for Travel Pro luggage when I got married several years ago.The bags have been really sturdy, lasting through a honeymoon, a few vacations, and a move across country.I needed to have a bit of repair work on them before our next trip, and looked on the travel pro website for an authorized repair shop.The only one in the Phoenix area that was authorized, is Mark's Luggage.I hesitated for a couple of days only because of the distance; but figured the bags have been good to me, so it was worth the drive.What was even better was they are open on Saturday until Noon.Service was GREAT. Very friendly-and promised our bags in week or so.Our bags were done in a couple of days!! Even better, our warranty covered the repair (who knew)?!! again, so glad I went with an authorized repair shop.Easy pick up and no nonsense service. I'll be going to Mark's for any future luggage repairs.
4	I'm from california and recently got back a Tumi briefcase I asked them to repair (ripped linings and broken zipper) and while they did make the best of what was given (the briefcase was extremely used/old), they forgot to patch up some of the inside pockets!But when calling them again, they told me that they would be more than happy to stitch it all back up again as long as I remembered to label what needed to get fixed, and then offered to pay for the shipping!
5	I had an older Samsonite carry-on (4 wheel) that had a wheel come off.  The part was no longer available from Samsonite so the case couldn't be fixed. Mark's worked with Samsonite to ensure my new bag arrived before I had to fly out again - less than 2 weeks.I expected this to be a hassle, but I was really impressed with Mark's and with Samsonite.  Mark's luggage was great - staff was friendly, professional, well-informed and kept me updated throughout the process. It was an amazing experience for such an unpleasant situation. I wish all service providers were like Mark's!
5	This place is the way to go when you have broken luggage.It seems that almost everyone I know goes here to get their bags repaired.So I thought I would give it a try as well. RIght on the counter is a big Yelp sticker, saying people on Yelp love us! Well I guess that is true!I have so far taken 2 things here to be repaired and both times they did above and beyond great!It is just a little shop on the West side of the street, and the South side of the bridge.Not easy to find the first time , but after that you will remember it.They are closed on Sunday, and Saturday is only for pick up and drop off. No repairs on that day. But, if you need something fixed right the first time this is the place.
5	Marks Luggage, you are my most favorite always. My second vehicle is my luggage.Since I travel for work almost every week, my bags get a lot of wear and tear.I buy Travel pro and Samsonite but, they are all made pretty cheaply now just like everything else. So they too break very easily.Though they are not cheap in price. The good thing is they come with a guarantee.Not everything is covered but, a lot of it is. Let us take Travel Pro, they are now made in Viet Nam. All the interior parts are made of Plastic, so when the handle breaks inside it really breaks.You can not get it to go up or down. Since it is made of plastic, the only way to fix it is to get a new piece.Yeah, Marks Luggage, they order the piece for you, take care of it all through the warranty and you the consumer pay no cost. What could be better.The wheels are a differnt story, if they break there is a cost, but not too bad.They get it done very quickly and I have always been happy with them.I have been going there for years!  They used to be in downtown Phoenix, near the vet hospital, but now they are up on south 16th street.
1	Dropped off 2 pieces of luggage at Mark's Luggage, 1 needing repair of the wheels and zippers and the other one requiring replacement. I was told that the repairs would be complete in about 3 weeks and the replacement would be sent to my home about the same time. Well after 7 weeks, I called Mark's and was told they hadn't received the parts from Delsey. As for the replacement, they stated that they sent the request to Delsey. I was also told that they would follow up with Delsey and call me back the next day. Well it has been 1 more week and no call from Mark's and no replacement luggage from Delsey. Needless to say, customer service is not a strong point. I am leaving on a trip in 2 weeks and will probably need to purchase new luggage.Very unhappy with Mark's.
5	Have sent in my Bric's bag 3 times now. It is like an extended part of the family. I travel some 3-5 a month so they know how to bring this bag back to life. They are prompt, professional, and do a great job! I would recommend them to anyone.
5	My Travel Pro Crew 8 roller bag's collapsible handle broke on a recent trip and I was hopeful that it would be covered under warranty. I called Travel Pro and they said to take it to Mark's Luggage Service for a warranty inspection.I called Mark's and they said to just bring it by anytime. I got there and a nice lady greeted me, had me fill out some quick paperwork and asked Mark if the handle is covered under the Travel Pro warranty- he said 'Yes, no problem.' Easy as that! They said it would be a couple weeks and would call me when finished. The parts would have cost me about $80- so glad I check with Mark first.Mark pretty much has a monopoly in the Valley with luggage repair. There are racks and racks of bags waiting for parts and repair. It is a thriving business- I'm glad he's around. They called me after about 1 week and said the bag was ready...  No Charge. Perfect!!  A great experience in every way.
5	Don't go anywhere else for your luggage repair.  Mark is great!I brought my bag in expecting to pay to have it repaired and Mark was able to getthe manufacturer to send me a brand new bag directly to my house for NO CHARGE! I wasn't expecting that at all.  Wow, what a surprise.
5	It is always a good sign when you enter a new place and one of the customers waiting in line randomly tells you "they are always busy, they do such an amazing job."  So my strap broke on my Italian leather Flotos bag/brief that I use for work.  It was a $400 investment I made 2 years ago and I was not thrilled to repurchase a new bag.  Since I was moving out of state in a week and knew my last few days would be crazy-busy, they provided the option of shipping the bag free of charge.  I received the bag yesterday and they were able to match the leather and it even looks sturdier than the original design.  I could be imagining things but the leather exterior also looks like it had been polished.  I'm so glad to have found this place and only paid $20 to fix the bag with free shipping (which is much better than a $400 replacement).
5	This place is great. I had an emergency since I was traveling and in town for 4 days. I lost a wheel on a Sampsonite  bag and I only had 2 days for them to repair the bag since they are closed Fri and Sat.  They only took a day and a half and could not have been nicer. It you need a bag repaired, this is the place.
