5	This chamber of commerce is full of very professional, genuine and friendly business people. I would recommend this group to any local business looking to network with the best of the best.
5	I joined the Gilbert Chamber last July, one month after moving to Arizona.  It was one the best things I did for my business and myself.  The members are down-to-earth, authentic and helpful professionals.  I've been able to establish solid business relationships and make some great friendships as well.
5	Impromptu Guru is so happy to be involved with the Gilbert Chamber of Commerce. Along with the numerous opportunities to advance my business, I've come to value the people, the relationships and the support network more than I could ever imagine. For any business owner in the East Valley, especially a small business owner, the Gilbert Chamber is a must!
5	I have been a member of the Gilbert Chamber of Commerce for less than I year, and I can honestly say it's been one of the best investments I've made in my business (and that's not a pun, since I am a financial advisor!).  The employees are fantastic, very responsive and truly care about the community!  The events are top notch, from networking to education...it's all there!
5	Do you want to associate with successful professionals? The Gilbert Chamber is the "center" for Gilbert's community's!!!!  The members are successful, progressive, and innovative business leaders.  The staff at the Gilbert Chamber are the best in  in the East Valley Chambers!!!  You will learn about a community events- Whether you are a long-time resident, newcomer to the area, or simply visiting, the Gilbert Chamber of Commerce can provide you with a wealth of information about the community, city or region.  They have the"pulse" of the business community - If you want to access current information about trends, demographics, construction, growth, employment, or community events and activities, then consult the Gilbert Chamber of Commerce regarding your area of interest. The Chamber is the hub of all past, present and future business activity.  The Gilbert Hampton Inn & Suites are proud memebers since we opened our doors!!!!
5	Newman Realty has been a member of the Gilbert Chamber of Commerce for several years now.  The organization and staff are committed to the long term growth and development of businesses of all sizes in Gilbert.  We have found the Chamber to be a great source for both business and personal development.  Highly recommended for business networking, growth and development.
5	We joined the chamber 3 years ago and it was probably one of the better business decisions we have ever made... Just the networking with others has been great and I actually have others to work with when issues arise...
