5	Found my new eyebrow threading boutique! It is owned by a lovely lady and her sister. This is the southwest location, and her sister is at the northwest. She was very detail oriented and lightly educated me on how my ethnicity actually affected the direction my hair follicles grew? Who takes the time to do that? Thank you very much for your very sweet chair-side manner. I will definitely be coming back! I think everyone in the southwest location should try this place out! :)
5	Randomly found this eyebrow threading shop today.. & I'm so glad they finally opened a place closer to my house. I normally go to eyebrows r us on Fort Apache & Trop but their service is AWFUL! The owner was super sweet and took her time to shape my eyebrows. I will definitely be coming back :)
5	She is so lovely and friendly person. The eyebrow is just $10. And no wait line in store.... she knows how to shape brows...
5	I came today to get my eyebrows threaded. She did a wonderful job and really cleaned everything well. My shape looks great and I will definitely come again!
1	Well would've loved to try this place based on the reviews. Arrived here right at 10:01 AM and they weren't open. Waited another 10 minutes and no one still showed up. Very unprofessional to be late to your business.
5	Rohi is AMAZING!  I went in for my second eyebrow thread today! She spends a ton of time making sure they are perfect. So happy there is a place super close now! They now have a very loyal customer!
5	Roohi is the best threader I've ever met yet. Her store is magnificent, her talent is nothing I've seen before and her eye for detail is out of this world. And she is the best priced in Las Vegas! Call her @ 702-331-1111
5	Roohi is AMAZING, super inexpensive, will have you laughing like never before. She is a true Persian Princess. Love, Love, Love this woman. Tonight we did a full face and I feel like I had a lift my skin looks and feels amazing!!!
5	I saw that this place was opening soon when I was at another store in the same center, and finally decided to stop in today.  I was highly pleased with the results of my eyebrows, and customer service was perfect.  I was a customer of eyebrows r us as well, and found their customer service lacking as well, results were mostly okay, but I liked reults here better.  I am planning to try the tinting next time as well.  I want people to go here so she stays open, although quick availability was super nice.  You will not be sorry if you try this place.
