4	I am very picky about my asian food, being asian myself. But this place is actually one of best chinese food restaurant in las vegas. Hubby ad i always go here when we are craving chinese. The portions are good for the prices they charge. Since we always do take out, customer service isn't bad. Of course whenever we do place take out they tell us it'll only be 15 minutes but they are pretty busy so it's usually an additional 10 minutes from what they actually tell you.  I love won ton soup, but im quite picky about it however i will say that hands down this place seems to be the only place that makes really delicious wonton soup. Great for the wallet and the tummy!
1	Do not eat here if you like Chinese food.  Flies in the restaurant.  The food was okay, but the service wasn't great at all.  Although the portions are large, they aren't worth eating. AT ALL. No no no no no no no.
4	The food is very good and the portions are very large!  We specified that  we wanted our appetizers first, then the main dishes, and we got exactly that -  many Chinese places serve everything together whatever you request.  It may not be the best place to go if you're in a real hurry, but the flip side of that is the food tastes like it's cooked to order.
4	Ive been going to Grand China for about 4 or 5 years now. Not once have I had a bad experience. When I do eat inside the restaurant, Ive always had quick friendly service. Their lunch specials are anywhere from $5-$7. They include soup, egg roll, wonton and whichever entree you pick with fried rice. Definitely worth it. The dinner specials are about $2-$3 more than the lunch specials but they also come with some extras. No matter what you get, you will usually get more than what you pay for, especially if you stick with the lunch and dinner specials. The service is very consistent between the 3 restaurants I visit.
1	Just wasted $40 bucks on garbage.Duck had not been plucked, hairy and grossMoo-shu was burned and they forgot the pancakesThe sizzling three delight was a big pile of mush!I called them and they brought fresh duck and the pancakes, but we threw the whole lot away!
3	Not the best Chinese food in town but definitely not the worst. I enjoy their lunch specials and the service has always been pleasant and efficient. If you go with a large party be prepared to wait awhile though.
1	My husband and I used to love this restaurant but recently notice a down turn in service and food. Not sure if this one got sold.  We ordered a soup a beef item, crab Rangoons and fried rice. After waiting an hour we had to call 3 times before getting and answer to which we were told the drive had just left.  30 minutes later and Still no food my husband drove across the major street to the restaurant where the women at the counter was rude and antagonizing and said what do you want my driver just left (again) By the time my husband drove back home the delivery driver was at our house and was apologetic and stated he was unaware of the problem he had Just gotten the order.  The food was almost cold and the crab cheese Rangoons had no crab in them.  This the last time we will order from this place. Sad to see a great restaurant go.
4	This Grand China at W. Ann Road is now under new management and it was pretty good the last 2 times I have been there; within 2 weeks. They have also renamed it to Great China and lowered the prices on their lunch specials.  I think my Kung Pao Chicken, rice, eggroll and hot-n-sour soup was $5.45  The food was good, service much better and it is very clean inside.  This is a big improvement from half a year ago when the prior owners had started to let the place really go down hill.I am glad the new owners have come in and turned the place around because I was craving a good place to get my Chinese out on the NW side of town.
2	I've had a lot better! We had Kung Pau Beef and Kung Pau ShrimpThe rice was cold, we had 2 of the beef orders one was lacking in beef!  There were no peppers in either dish! Prices were about normal for evening. The service was fine, oh I found a hair in my soup. Still looking for a place here in Vegas like Yu's in Schaumburg, IL best Chinese food I've ever had. I've never been to China!  Most of the guest at Yu's appear to be Chinese! Just saying !
1	Haven't eaten in the restaurant, being new to the area we called in an order for take out.  On the plus side, it was ready in 15 minutes.  Negatives, the telephone answering person spoke English so poorly I wasn't sure what we would get.  The food was on balance pretty dreadful.  Bland, gelatinous to a fault, every dish tasted like pablum except the shrimp fried rice.  We won't  do this again.
