2	I stop here periodically when I need something I forgot somewhere else or couldn't find.  I find their prices to be high compared to other chains unless you happen to hit a sale for the item you want.The store always seems a bit cluttered and even messy.  There is often stock in plastic boxes on the floor waiting to be shelved.  It's just not a pleasant place.
4	We usually come in here for our meds. The Pharmacy staff is amazing. They're real nice, friendly, helpful and knowledgable. Unfortunately as amazing as they are, they stopped taking the guy I married's insurance so we're probably going to go to Coastco or Walmart from now on.Whomp, whomp, whomp.
5	The staff at this pharmacy are fantastic! They have always had my Rx done fast, and if there is ever any issues - they are responsive and return phone calls as they say they will.
5	I haven't really written much reviews for place like this, but I feel I should mention what happened here.I've been picking up my meds here since I February, as it is the closest pharmacy to my home. Last month I realized that my rewards points have been crediting to two different accounts. I usually keep my receipts for awhile, but unfortunately I had just cleaned out my old ones a couple of weeks prior. I called Walgreens support to see if I could get this fixed. It was discovered that there was another account with the same number. Presumably the person who had my phone number before I did. They were able to fix the ones that I still had receipts & deleted the other account, as it was inactive. I was told if I went to the Walgreens where I purchased the items I could speak to a manager to get copies of the receipts I no longer had to get credit for the other receipts.I drove down to the Walgreens the next morning and spoke to a manager named Emily. With the necessary info, she was able to get me copies of the 2 transactions I needed. I called the Walgreens support line from my car. I wanted to make sure it was done before I left the store. I found out the numbers I needed to give weren't provided on the transaction copies. I had to go back in to the store and ask Emily for the info I needed. Since it wasn't on the copies, she said she would credit my account to the proper amount to correct my situation. She also got me a physical rewards card since I only had been using my phone number.I can choose to use CVS or elsewhere but I will continue to patronize Walgreens long as it has great employees at their call center & at their stores like Emily.
3	Drive thru pharmacy...wha what???Yep they got it...as does most of LV.Pretty good Walgreens with large selection of the typical stuff. Nice help. Good pharmacy. Good location.
1	This is specifically for the pharmacy department. When I drop off a prescription for pain medication, chances are I would like to have it filled sometime this century. I have been on the same pain meds for 6+months with zero issues, and now it takes 4-6weeks to receive my medicine. I was in a car accident and need a knee replacement so it's not like I'm some drugged up junkie. I don't understand what the issue is.My other problem is no one ever let's me know that there is a delay in getting my medicine. I've always had to call and it's like talking to a brick wall trying to get information.I'm moving to a new place. These guys can take a flying leap off a tall building
3	This is a Walgreens I pass by on almost a daily basis but I rarely go in unless I am looking for something in particular. Well stocked and the service is decent.
