4	Going from bitch mode to calm and relaxed Sandra! Ealing Touch Reflexology just opened yesterday. The receptionist is so sweet and they give you four different type of sea salt options to put inside your tea water for your feet. Pretty creative! The reflexology are atypical from the other place I have been to. You start off by sitting on the ottoman and you gt a massage on your shoulders, neck, and arms. Instead of a rubbing massage, my masseuse use trigger points with this elbows. Some places it felt good but some area was really painful.... I must have had a lot of knots! Next, they laid the chair and had reflexology on my head. My suggestion to other women is to remo e your makeup before getting a massage because since they work on your face, makeup will rub off and you will look either eyebrow less or look like Bert from Sesame Street!! Afterwards, I had an amazing foot massage and a back rub. I came to this place because I saw their special sign... They are having a one hour massage for only $30!!! Pretty sweet deal! I would recommend this place for people who have serious back and feet aches because thy really gt the knots out. Otherwise, other places I reviewed on are excellent for just relaxing~
5	Friendly, Clean and great massage for this price!!!There are many places says "Reflexology" but most places are not.This place is real reflexology!
4	Yes, it is still $30 for an hour of relaxation. Relaxing because it didn't hurt one bit, although I would have enjoyed it more if I do feel some pain.  Maybe no pain because nothing is wrong with my organs/body???  Let's just go with that idea. I didn't get to chose my own bath salt, but Wei did let me know that a spoonful of the lavender bath salt will be pour into my water basin.The chair was super comfy and spacious.  This place is one of the cleanest, nicest place I have ever been to.Please note that there is a small fee for using the credit card.  I didn't know this until my card was ran and was ready for me to sign.  In the end, the price and location is right.  I will come back for more.  Also, I was given a full bottle of H2O.
4	Really good!  I will be back!
1	We walked in and asked for a 30-minute foot massage. They didn't understand anything we said. We asked if there was a wait, they said "ok". After a few minutes, we asked again, they said "ok". After waiting at least 30 minutes, they told us it would be another 15 minute wait. I left. We spoke to 3 different individuals.....not one of them understood anything we were saying. How do u operate a business like this? I've been to other foot reflexology places before. They were great. This one was not.
5	Amazing ~ they do have the healing touch ~ clean and friendly and what I thought was just a foot massage turned out to be a  hour long full body massage ~ :)
1	RIP U OFF!  I went in for an advertised $18 30 minute reflexology masage, and not only did they keep trying to upsell to a 60 minute body massage (and acted like they didn't understand English when I said "No, just 30 minute Reflexology" literally 5 times, the maseuss also called in the "manager" who I had to tell another 3 times "No, just 30 minute reflexology."It was the worst massage I have ever received, and at the end the maseuss handed me a bottle of water, like all post massages, and then the manager charged me a $1 for it without asking.  I was very upset by this non-disclosure of charging for the water, I took it off the $2 tip I would have left, and had a total charge of $20.  I just checked my Visa statement, and they added $2.50 after I left.THESE PEOPLE ARE CROOKS!! Don't get ripped off too.
4	I was really skeptical to try a reflexology place but my friend took me to one in Chinatown and I liked so I decided to try something closer to my house. After reading several reviews about this place, I figured I would give this place a shot.    The place was very quiet and dim when I walked in. My therapist was very nice and friendly and helped me feel very relaxed. At first, I got to soak my feet in a hot tub of water but I didn't get to pick my own salts. The therapist first started working on my neck and tried to break the knots in my shoulders and upper back. Then she reclined the chair all the way back and worked on my head , arms, legs and feet. In the middle of my massage, these two women in the room next to me started talking really loud and would not shut up. It was really annoying because I went from being completely relaxed to wanting to go over there and tell them to stop being rude. After they finally left, I felt relaxed again and enjoyed the rest of the massage. My therapist even tried to stretch my back out and pop it back into place.   This was like going to a chiropractor and massage therapist all at once but at a way cheaper price. I left the place feeling so relaxed and refreshed. They even gave me a bottle of water at the end of the session. Make sure to ask for the punch card so that after 10 sessions, you get 1 for free. I think I might be coming here a lot, especially after a long stressful day at work.
5	Unbelievable!Ditto what Jamee G said!The massage seemed a cross between traditional reflexology, pressure point and thai (all bending and twisting up).In all, it was one of the best massages I've ever had, and for $30 you can't beat it.Ask for Mike if you want someone strong (I bet the others are as well, he's just the only I've had).  I'm usually saying, "Press harder," but not with Mike: he was awesome.Enjoy!- Jase
5	The gem of Las Vegas in my book isn't the hotels or the shopping malls, its reflexology places! After school and work I'm always in a dire need of a good massage that isn't going to break my bank. I've been coming to Healing Touch Reflexology for quiet sometime and its the most affordable massage that leaves you so satisfied. There are two ladies i go in to see Cece and Vivian. They are both young girls but really know how to give an awesome massage. One thing different that they do here is, instead of putting a tea bag in your foot bath water, they use rose or lavender infused salts. They smell amazing and relaxes you. Their massages are great because when they work on your face/ head/ neck/ shoulders/ back, they really hit the knots and makes you feeling like a new person! If you are in a rush try their $30 for 60 mins, but if you are feeling a bit lucky, then treat yourself to their $48 for 90 min massage! For the remaining 30 minutes they work entirely on your back or where ever you would like then to focus on :)
5	Great service & friendly staff... Two thumbs up!!!
5	Awesome value ($30) and very good quality. I have been twice. Clean and comfortable, simple open environment (think cubicle walls). No hanky panky, and everyone is very friendly.
5	I absolutely love this place I go there at least once a week, great massage, and great stretch, and only $30 for an hour.
4	Awesome ...love the hours and friendly staff
5	I just had the best 60 minute full body massage of my life!!!!  It was amazing! And only $30!!  If you like deep tissue massages then this is your place!!! It was rough but I feel GREAT!!!!!!! I also got a card, once I go 10 times I get a free one, I'm gonna start going once a week!!! AWESOME place!
5	:)
1	Completely agree with Michelle on this one. Literally the worst massage my mom and I have ever had, to the point that it's become a joke in our family to say, "Boy, I need a massage after that massage!" after experiencing something far below expectations. Neither of our massage people seemed to have experience or training in giving a massage, so much so that we wonder if they had a license at all. We came in with sore feet after calling ahead for two foot massage appointments. We never wanted our back or any other part of our body massaged, just our feet as that's what our appointments were. This entire experience was a huge mistake. They led us to a room near the front door - these are partitions, like cubicles, and Mom and I were in the same partition. There were overstuffed hospital beds and ottomans in the room, we sat down after being led there and waited a good 10 minutes. Had they forgotten about us? After waiting, our people (not deserving of the name masseuse, so I don't know what else to call them?) brought two tubs of warm water in and had us sit on the ottomans. I love to soak my feet in warm water when they're sore, so at this point I was still on board. But it started to get weird very quickly. While soaking our feet and sitting on the ottoman, our people started massaging our shoulders - isn't this a foot massage? Then they started forcing our backs downward by compressing our spine aggressively. This sucked, there's no other way to describe it. Our backs were unsupported as we were sitting and undergoing stress and pressure that these inexperienced people were applying. It was pretty horrible, but that's not even the worst part. Next they had us on the hospital bed, and massaged our feet. This part was actually somewhat agreeable, and both my mom and I were thinking the massage was headed in the right direction. Until they started slapping our feet and legs. Punching our feet and legs, then slapping again. This was so uncomfortable that any benefit gained from the foot massage had completely dissipated. Now we get crazy. They have us lay on our stomachs and start massaging our backs, my person - who's a guy by the way - decides he's going to take off my shirt. So while I'm still on my stomach he tugs and pulls until he yanks my shirt off. I'm wearing two shirts, so he repeats this. Feeling fully molested, all I can think is: This is supposed to be a foot massage!!! Next comes what is similar in pain to a Thai massage, with horrific technique. Punching and shoving my spine around, I kept telling him stop! You're hurting me! Be gentler! He's completely ignoring me so I repeatedly say OUCH! But he never got the hint, even with hand gestures asking him to stop. By the time this ended, I'm shirtless and in so much pain. How could the reviews on Yelp! have been so off, how could it have led me so far astray?As we dress as quickly as possible, leave a tip by the side of each of the beds, and hobble to our car as fast as we can to get away, my person runs into the parking lot after us, as we are trying to back out the car from its space. "Tip-uh?" He says, holding out his hands through the window I had rolled down. "We left a tip by the beds in the room," I said, completely in shock by how this asshole who actually hurt me and didn't deserve a penny of tip, could be so brazen to run after us in the parking lot. Not to mention how crude it is, and we had left generous tips. Completely disgusted by the experience, we try to drive away once again, when the MANAGER runs out into the parking lot and knocks on the window as our car is MOVING. I roll down the window only a crack, worried about how this nightmare could get any worse. He tries to shove frequent visitors cards through the crack. "No thank you, no thank you," I say repeatedly. No matter, all he needed was to shove those cards in while we were still trying to leave. All in all, I've never had an experience so opposed in quality and satisfaction to the rating the facility carries on Yelp! I can only hope that future patrols will read my review and Michelle's review and stay as far away from this place as possible.
5	This place is AMAZING!  One of the best massages I have ever had... and only $48 for a 90 minute massage!  To me, this is the best type of massage:  sort of a mix of Thai, Reflexology, Foot massage, and Deep Tissue.What you should know (and probably why some people have given bad reviews):I'm assuming they have never had this type of massage before, so were totally out of their element.  No doubt, this is not the massage for everyone.  If you are looking for a traditional European spa, or a gentle Swedish massage, GO SOMEWHERE ELSE.  If you like a deep tissue or Thai massage, YOU WILL LOVE THIS PLACE!  They stretch you, walk on you, slap your back and legs, and give an amazing deep tissue massage.  SO, if you have never done a yoga class, had a Thai massage, or have certain injuries, PLEASE just go to one of those traditional massage chain places.  You will like it better, and those of us enjoying our intense massages at Healing Touch Reflexology will not have to hear you say "OUCH!" every ten minutes.As for me, I'm a fan!  I will definitely be back!  (and they have a card for buy 10, get one free!)
5	A place like this has GOT to be giving Massage Envy a run for their money. $30/hour massage and the masseuses I've had were all very skilled.I can't remember the last time I did a swedish massage since these foot massage places sprung up. With all the foot massage shops in town, this one is my favorite. My mom and my 6 year old daughter love this place too. The staff has always been gracious and I've never had someone talk talk talk during my session. Depending on how I feel, I always instruct my masseuse to either go harder or softer. They've all proven to be able to adjust the pressure and I've left refreshed and happy all the time.It's a *relaxing* place to come to. I don't feel like another number (though I probably am). The owners of the shop are super friendly and appreciative so I keep coming back and referring my friends.
5	i would give 10 stars.. love this place. I have been here over 20 times. I consistently receive an awesome massage. The place is clean and comfortable..They always give a warm welcome to anyone who stops in!!!!
5	Love love this place. Awesome massage for 30$ per hour. A must for anyone who works in service industry. Place is clean. Massage therapists are skilled and respectful!
5	I never knew what reflexology was. I just thought that it had to do with finding out what ails you by the different parts of the foot. Instead, what I got was a full on spa treatment for the low price of $30 for an hour. What? That is right. The start with the shoulders, down the back, move to the scalp, and work you over.At points during the treatment, this tiny girl was able to throw elbows into me and then climb my back. It was everything I have been missing since I went to a spa in the Philippines. I will admit that I am still a little sore, but I see that as a badge of honor. If it does not ache then they did not get down deep enough. I cannot wait for my next visit.
5	While on vacation with my best friend who lives there we looked on yelp and found this place.  We weren't sure what we would find behind the darkened doors but we were open for adventure..  To our surprise it was busy and dim to allow for the relaxing atmosphere. Fountains and peaceful music. You sit and wait your turn.  We went in as a pair and they brought us past a few open doored massage rooms to an open space with two 3/4 reclining beds on each side.  They got foot baths ready and we sat.  When they start massaging you they ask you how long. We went for $30 for an hour. I had Jerry she had a lil woman. They start head to toe. I had my eyebrows and cheekbones massaged! It was heavenly. But they do apply pressure and stretch you out. They even walk on you. So if you want light please tell them. They do ask you several times throughout to see if your ok.  I loved the recliners very soft and oh and very clean here.  Lets just say we went on Thursday and went back on Monday before my flight.  My friend will go there from now on.
5	I LOVE this place!!  Recently expanded to double the size.  It doesn't matter who works on me as they are all good.  I'm very stiff with a ton of knots.  I love how they try so hard to work them out.  It's very deep, therapeutic and pressure point.  I need to go a minimum of every two weeks at $30 for an hour, then $20 tip (I have no problem leaving a big tip), it makes it affordable compared to the Massage Heights I used to go to.  Plus I love just walking in when I want to and need to.If you are looking to be pampered and get all the fluffy stuff of a Swedish massage or modest, this place is not for you.  This is for people who really need massages to function properly.  The technique and affordability is an answered prayer for me.I'm sure they could go softer, but I don't understand getting Swedish anyway, it's like someone rubbing lotion on me.  I can do that at home..lol
5	Always a solid massage, with plenty of stretching provided by the surprisingly strong therapists.  I have yet to get a bad massage here.  However, I am very sensitive in my scalp and the hair/head rub actually feels like torture to me.  As much as I try to explain that I want my hair left alone, the language barrier is difficult to overcome or at times the therapist will think I don't want any part of my face touched (actually, the face part is one of my favorites).
4	If you haven't visited the little gem,...it's about time you do! For anyone with chronic pain like me, tight muscles, or if you just need to de-stress and in need of some relaxation,..this place is amazing! I've been 3 times now and each visit (although a tad different depending on the massage therapist) was incredible. I used to be a member of Massage Envy,...no more! And you can't beat the price! $30 for 60mins! No appointment needed, I just stop in after work! I highly recommend! C:
5	First of all, if you don't know what reflexology is, don't post a review that complains when you didn't do your research before arriving!  Reflexology is a certain type of massage, and doesn't follow a traditional spa's "menu".  You can't walk in here and say, "I want a foot massage" and think they are going to focus just on your feet.  They follow a certain method and that's all that they do here.  Now that we got that out of the way, I love this place and it is amazing.  I wish they offered a membership as I find myself here almost every week.  They do have a rewards program, so that's pretty cool but would be great if I could prepay for a membership so I could come any time I want.  Other then there being a little bit of a language barrier, the service is awesome and the massages are great!  With the newly expanded space, there's more availability when you walk in without an appointment.  Love it!
3	I just have so much mixed feelings about this place.I woke up with a kink in my neck earlier this week and always wanted to try a non-hotel massage so, figured this would be the time.I had been reading many yelp reviews about this place and knew not to expect "hotel" fancy massages but, I still wasn't expecting this.I had an hour massage where I was poked, and stretched, and massaged where I wanted to laugh during half of it. It reminded me of my yoga and pilates class that I wasn't expecting so, I couldn't breathe correctly....this in turn wasn't relaxing to me. My masseuse was very nice and kept asking me if it hurt; which it didn't....but, I just wanted to laugh when he'd lift my hand up and drop it. Felt like I was a dead body that he was playing with. ***Is that a weird analogy?***He did work on my kink for a while but, this just felt all too routine for him. Like he just goes through the motions.Anyways, my kink was still there. So, that's my review on that!I want to really like this place but, I feel like this kind of place is strictly for relaxation purposes....and not  to get kinks out of your neck!
5	This place is awesome and cheap. Warning: no happy endings. Boo.
5	This place has been fantastic every time I go.  Their front desk people are very nice and everything is very clean and calming.  I've had a great experience every time and sometimes they get a little too aggressive and too much pressure, but once I ask them to lighten up the pressure they listen and the rest is bliss.  I will always be a customer here!
5	This is the second time my uncle and aunt came here before and I wanted to tag along.  We purchased and indulged in the 90-minute massages for $48.  In California, this is an GREAT deal!  Walking in, this place is AMAZING!  You step inside and immediately experience a sense of peace and tranquil from the nicely dimmed lights, the soothing music, and the quiet rooms.  Your private room looks small, but the end results after my massage was INCREDIBLE.  I came with a party of 3, and they accommodated us in the same room.Besides from the deal, the masseuses were WONDERFUL!  They are very friendly, are detailed and thorough, and from what I can tell with my masseuse, knows his own strength, and applies his pressure well.  My uncle and my aunt felt they same way, and they had female masseuses. I will definitely come back again, this time with my hubby.  This place is definitely a DIAMOND IN THE ROUGH!
4	Awesome! This isn't your typical massage. I went wanting to be "worked over" and get all the kinks out of my neck and back, and this is the first place where I feel like that was accomplished. If you just want the traditional Swedish massage, then this is not for you, but if you want something actually therapeutic, then I definitely recommend. This will be a regular maintenance for me from now on.
4	Love this place! Their prices are awesome, the people that own/work here are so nice, and they have awesome late hours! They even have a punch card so after 10 you get one free.
5	Get the 1 hour session and you will be in heaven.  Be prepared because this type of massage is not for wimps.  It's like a boxing match.  Each section of your body that they work is like a round.  They massage and deep rub each section putting you in a relaxed state then at the end the slap and chop you as to wake up your senses.  This is done over and over till the end.When you leave your body will be thanking you.  You will also feel victorious like you went 6 rounds with Ivan Drago.Prices are insanely cheap.  Inside its very clean, well managed, and totally professional.   Will be coming back again for sure.
4	Love this place! Drop in any time and spend 30 bucks for an awesome hour massage! I try to swing by once a week after a long work day!! Go treat yourself!
5	Oh god this place makes us want to move to Vegas! We found this place from you yelpers and I have to say best find ever! We come here every year after a week of hard living and playing in the desert at Burning man. You can come out of Burning man feeling pretty beat and run down. These people are the best cure for it. They leave you feel like a limp noodle all post coital with all the endophans. They seem to know just what your body needs without you saying a word. There really is nothing better. I wish I could give them two more stars! And the are priced great!
5	Convenient, affordable & great pressure! Massage is great & To the point! Never disappointed!
3	this was my 2nd visit. I will say my last visit was better.  I LOVE getting stretched. Something I haven't experienced at the fancier spas. The masseuse was very strong.  When I asked him to lighten it was much too light.  I think he was just too strong for me, I need to find the right one.  The first time the male masseuse attempted to stand on my back.  I am a 100lb slender female.  It was quote a shock.  He had a laugh when I said it hurt.   So the 2nd time I was prepared.  And soon as he got on his knees I let him know it wasn't for me.  My bf didn't like his last visit but today he was very happy with his masseuse Casey. The 2 masseuse did chit chat a bit in their language.  But the price is great $30 for an hour.  It's clean and comfortable will be coming back.
5	Awesome place, great masseuse, (Tom) Very professional, very pleased :)
5	This is MUCH different that a traditional massage (Swedish, deep tissue, sports, etc).  So, if you're looking for that type of treatment, I suggest going to an actual  massage therapy place, and not having a reflexology session. Google "reflexology."It is absolutely NOT the same as a traditional "spa" massage or a "membership" type place massage. VERY far from it.  This was my first time at the Healing Touch reflexology facility.  Not having been into any facilities such as this, as there are so many of them here in town and quite a few of them don't seem above board at all just by looking at the outside. The Healing Touch is 100% above board.  The ambience upon entering is and peaceful and serene, with a fountain enhancing the experience, as well as soft lighting and relaxing music.  Then whole place seemed completely spotless.  Upon entering, you are immediately greeted and taken to a reflexology room.  It was $30 for one hour. Bob was my Reflexologist.  I was not sure what to expect at all as this was my first visit to a reflexology facility.  None of the rooms had doors on them and the walls did not go up to the ceiling. Each room was just as private as it was open, if that makes sense. Some rooms only had a single massage table,  and  others had two tables; so I think couples could get a reflexology session done at the same time together.  I stayed completely clothed (this being my first time and I wasn't exactly given any instructions on whether or not to disrobe or not,  although I did see other people with their backs completely bare during their sessions, but I did not know if they were male or female). You begin by soaking your feet in very hot water as you sit up straight holding a pillow on an ottoman type piece of furniture. Your reflexologist goes to work on loosening your back and shoulder muscles. You then lie on the massage table face up as they work all your limbs, your head and neck (thoroughly, I might add), and then they proceed to your feet (BEST part, imho). You then turn over, and same process is repeated.  Bob was 100% professional for the entire session, and never at any time did I feel uncomfortable.  In fact, there was an elderly lady with a walker who is being assisted out by her reflexologist after her session was over.  She and her family, who waited for her ninths lobby, seemed quite pleased with the treatment that she received, and gave quite favorable comments to her reflexologist and also the manager.I totally recommend trying reflexology at least once.  I really enjoyed my session here at The Healing Touch, and I will definitely return!
5	This is one of my favorite spots in las vegas.  You cant beat rhe price and quality of the massage.  I go once a week.
4	This place was recommended to me so hubby and I checked it out. No appointment needed. Heaven! You have to take this place for what it is and don't go with expectations of spa massage. I got kneaded, poked, thumped, tossed, and more by this little man and I enjoyed every minute of it. No one said a word and we were ushered in to a cubicle, the rest was done for us. Totally in to this place.
4	I love this place!! I always get amazing massage whoever therapist I get. Usually I get 60 mins and they relieve tension of my whole body. Being from Asia, I always missed strong massages because even deep tissue massage at traditional spas was not enough for me, and I finally found my favorite place. They expanded the space a little while ago, so you don't need to make a reservation and there is never a wait. The price is $30 for 60 mins but if you go to similar kind of places in China Town it is usually $20 for 60 mins, so I wish they match the price but this place has better massages and it is only a few minutes away from my house so I can't complain. I recommend this place to everyone, and all of my friends I took here also loved it!
5	A 60 minute, reflexology massage for $30 is a steal.  They cover all areas of your body which is more than impressive.  A sign of a good massage is going to sleep during the massage. I catch a few zzzzz's every time :)
5	This is a reflexology massage business, so think deep tissue meets thai meets acupressure. Read the other reviews if you want to have a good sense of what to expect in terms of the differences between this and say, massage envy.That said, I feel sorry for people who had a less than positive experience here, because it is such a gem in my life. I know I can go in here and spend $30 plus tip and have a deeply healing massage from someone who is working their butt off to make my body feel better. It is a mystery to me how the reflexology works, but I don't care! I have gone in with everything from a really sore achilles tendon to a tweaked neck and have always left with a great improvement. The last time I went I could barely walk without a limp going in because my achilles was so sore, and after they did their work, the next day it was like nothing had ever been injured. During the massage I had to kind of breathe through the part that involved rubbing it, because it was so sore, but it took care of the problem and then some.I also took my good friend with me last time, who was visiting from out of town. She is a body worker in a very prestigious spa catering to celebrities and others who can afford the best of the best. She was really impressed with the level of care and attention.The only negative I can see to this place is that there can be a small language barrier if you are asking for something out of the ordinary, and also, it isn't the type of massage everyone is going to love. If you're elderly aunt just wants to have her shoulders lightly rubbed with lavender body oil, this may not be the best choice. If you really need someone to work hard to get the knots and kinks out, and you are up for a little out of the ordinary healing, this is going to be a godsend!
5	This is the perfect place when you're sore, tired and need someone to rub out the pain, for the price there's not another place that feels safer, cleaner or better.Must go!
4	Discontinued my ME membership after I visited Healing Touch. Very attentive to the sore spots and getting the kinks out of my neck and back.  Language barrier was not a concern. Heard about this place from family and friends. Full hour as opposed to 50 minutes at half the price and leaving feeling good and reinvigorated -- what a deal!
5	Lee is the absolute BEST! Seriously best massage ever! Forget the $100+ fancy spa massage! He's AMAZING!!
5	Highly recommend this place, ask for Lily, she's very good and friendly service, good masseur, she even fed me mint candy! wow
5	Kinda odd at first being that I never came to a place like this. BUT for the price and service I was impressed. My feet and back kill me day to day and I left pleased.
5	Just what the doctor ordered! Worth every penny (and then some!) I'll be back for sure to buy 9 get 1 free!
1	Umm.  So.  I yelped this place like I do before I go just about anywhere.  My Mom had a gift card for here from someone and didn't want it, so she said I could use it during my quick visit home.  Solid 4.5 star rating.  I've had a reflexology massage before.  No problem, thanks, Mom!I'm pretty open-minded, but I could NOT get into this place.  It's all one big open room with like half walls separating massage areas.  A nice lady comes in to do her thing, and she was sweet and did an alright job.  But I couldn't chill cause you hear all the slapping from everyone else, people coming and going, side conversations... But okay fine, this is technically a free massage afterall, so, fine.  Then she covers my eyes, and continues to work.  And when the towel was removed from my eyes, a GUY had been massaging me!  I have no idea when they switched!  I don't care that a guy was doing it, but it was a shock to suddenly see a different face.  Then I'm told to lay face down.  Mr. Massager starts going off on me like I'm his punching bag.  I'm wondering what I ever did to this guy to deserve this beating.  But I tell myself, Okay maybe it's toxins leaving my system or whatever, maybe I should expect some discomfort, and I tough it out.  BUT THEN.  Homeboy gets a candy out of this dish that's sitting on this little table and proceeds to roll it around in his mouth and suck on it and slobber all over it for the remainder of my treatment.  SO GROSS.  And he's rubbing all deep and somehow manages to basically lay his junk all over my head while he's doing it.  I'm half laughing and half totally embarrassed and disgusted to even type that!  UGHGHHH!  There was zero communication, he pulls up my shirt and unhooks my BRA and I'm thinking, DID I YELP THE CORRECT PLACE???  (For the record, yes, I did yelp the correct place).  DO PEOPLE REALLY LIKE THIS??  IS THIS HOW IT'S DONE??  WHEN IS THIS GOING TO BE OVER??? WHO GAVE MY MOM THIS GIFTCARD ANYWAY???  WHAT AM I DOING HERE AND WHERE IS THE NEAREST EXIT?? Good thing I went in and my Mom didn't, she would have probably killed somebody.  There's my good deed for the day... sacrificing the worst hour of my week so my Mom didn't have to suffer through it instead.  Way to take one for the team, self.  I couldn't waitttt for my time to be up.  Holy moly.  I got out of there so fast.  All in all, a terrible experience, thumbs down, never again.
5	I was given the recommendation to try this place and after the Yelp reviews I thought it was worth a try. I highly recommend this place the best $30 dollar hour I have had. It is different then normal massages, however pleasantly different. The stretching was awesome and I felt that every area was worked. Very relaxing and stress relieving. Give it a try.
5	I asked for Lily again, worth the wait!!! Super good massage, worth the time and money spent here! As good as any massages i get in Asia, i told all my friends and relatives to come here, i hope Lily can take them all!
4	You must be very open-minded when visiting this place. Not much privacy and they truly don't understand a damn word you are saying (at least the 3 times I have been, that was the case). Every single time I have gone and asked for an hour full body massage, they put my feet in water and think I said "Foot reflexology". Makes no sense because I'm sitting there with only a towel...come on people! Why would I disrobe down to my underwear for a foot massage? I digress, they start by massaging your face and head (if you don't want your cheeks, chin, sinuses, forehead, ears and scalp massaged then luckily they do understand "No face and head"). I have had a female massage me twice and a male once (even though I asked for a female but I'm sure they didn't understand me). I 100% prefer a woman, the guy made me uncomfortable when I was on my stomach, I don't need to go into detail...lol.I do feel amazing after my massage and you can't beat the price! Just wish they understood even basic English.
5	For my first time getting a massage experience like this, I have to say its AMAZING. Right when you walk in you feel the presence was peaceful. Its super dark and your room will only have 1 candle. Theres candy and water at the table which was a nice bonus. It makes me wanna get more massages, lol. She really dug deep into my muscles and tissues that it starts to hurt in a relaxing, relieving way. The back & head massages were the best. The price is super convienent too! $30 for 60 minutes! I'd DEFINITELY come back.
5	As a way to celebrate my 30th birthday, a good friend of mine got me a gift certificate to Healing Touch Reflexology. I was definitely curious as to how this place would be. First off, I'm not a foot person AT ALL! I cringe at the thought of someone touching my feet as I'm super ticklish. I figured I would try this place out and see if they have any non-foot massages. When you arrive at the location, you are pleasantly surprise.  This place is located in a great part of the city! Eastern is a lively avenue, full of shops, restaurants and more. I wouldn't expect a place like this to be in this area, maybe Chinatown, but I LOVED IT! When you get in, you're greeted by the host in a super dim light.  Your job is just to follow him. He'll take you in a room with two reclining beds. You and a guest will share the room while a couple of masseuses comes in and works on you. When I got into the room, I asked if they could focus on my entire body except my feet. Although confused as to why, they definitely understood and started the massage preparations. Let me tell you, what an AH-MAZE-ING massage! They literally worked on my entire body except for my feet. Upper back, lower back, gluts, legs, face, neck, you name it! Super skilled and very attentive to my body language and reactions.  My masseuse was always checking on me and asking me if I was ok.  I really appreciated that a lot.For the hour long massages, it's a $30 bill.  Trust me, that's beyond worth it! I was so impressed by this place, I just had to return. I made it a point to visit this place once every 2 weeks. The staff is great, the location is bomb and the massages are out of this world! If you're in the area, you have GOT TO try this place. You will not be disappoint, I promise!
4	Disclaimer: Don't be misled by the "Foot" Reflexology advertisement at the front door. You will get a full body massage instead of just a foot massage. *The bf and I were in need of a good foot massage since we've been doing so much walking in Vegas. I came across this place because of not only the deal, but also other Yelpers' positive experiences here.The lady at the front desk is nice. Once you walk in, you will enter a nice, dim-lit  and calm environment. Before the masseuse comes, you will soak your feet in lavender salt water by the massage bed. It's quite relaxing.Since this was my first time coming to a reflexology place, be mindful that they will want you to take off your shirt (and ladies - even your bras). But I told them that I just wanted to leave my undergarments and tank top on, and they obliged. My masseuse was a male and he was a bit rough with me in the beginning - but communication is key. Although there was a bit of a language barrier, I just had to give him "thumbs-up" or just call out in pain to let him know if he needed to adjust his intensity, LOL!Overall, you will get a head to toe massage. From a scalp massage, face, neck, shoulders and all the way down to your feet. They really do help you stretch out your limbs and when you leave the place - you will feel refreshed and relaxed.Our 60 minute massage cost $30 per person. I really enjoyed my massage, so I gave my guy a tip of $20. You get a stamp card at the end of your visit and after 10 massages, you get a free massage.TIP - Luckily we were able to do a walk-in appointment, but they recommend you call in earlier for an appointment.
4	great frendily staff, very clean quiet place. my lady was great, a lil rough, but good, 60min $30 awesome.
3	I was torn between giving this place 3 or 4 stars. 3 stars is the average between my husband's experiences (5 stars) and my experience (1 or 2). My husband always raves about this place and makes sure to set aside the time during every visit to Vegas see Snow. I came with him this last trip and he insisted I go. I wish he had told me more of what to expect before going in.The beds/chairs are not in individual rooms. They are in little cubicle type areas with no doors or curtains. Most rooms have two beds. Although we called ahead and made an appointment with Snow, they led me to a bed and brought in man who just could not understand what I was saying about who I was supposed to see. Finally, Snow came in (at least I think it was her?) and had me sit with my feet in a bowl of water. I was wearing a long dress, so she asked me to take it off. Mind you I'm sitting with my back to the hallway, with no curtain, and a smaller than average towel wrapped around my front side. My butt is barely covered (and I wear thongs) and exposed in all it's huge, white glory for all to see as they walk by. It felt like those awful robes you wear at the doctors office, but here you're supposed to relax? I tried to just go with it because hey, I was in Vegas and would never see these people again. Snow has REALLY strong hands, so I can see why my husband likes her. Me, I prefer the more gentle, soothing type of massage, so to be fair I don't think reflexology is right for me in general.Some parts of the treatment were extremely relaxing, and I've never had anyone focus on each part of my body so well before. She even massaged my face! But so much of it was very distracting. I almost broke out hysterically laughing at the slapping noises from other cubicles (I've heard it before, but in the context of where I was, it sounded pretty shady!). The employees gossiping in their language right over the wall broke my concentration multiple times. Snow actually got on top of me when I was on my stomach and used her knees and toes to rub my back, and at one point unhooked my bra and pulled my underwear halfway down my butt. The stretching and pulling hurt sooooo bad!!! She did ask if I was alright, but I felt like a gumby doll being pulled and twisted.I can see how some people like/need this type of treatment. My husband has some back, trigger point issues and he really does feel great after Snow's sessions. But after waking up this morning with a super stiff neck, headache, backache, sore shoulders and arms, and pinched nerves in my lower back, I know for sure I will never be back. Like another reviewer said, I need a massage after that!
1	It was terrible. My therapist was very pushy and made me feel very uncomfortable multiple times. I have had a rough few days at work on my feet for 12 hour shifts in heels and was looking for a good place for a foot massage, and that is not what I got. First of all, he spent the first 5 minutes of the 45 minutes of the massage trying to communicate with me, his English was terrible and I didn't understand what he was asking me to do... Sit down, lay down, it was very frustrating. Then he massaged my arms, my shoulders, my my hands, my face EVERYTHING BUT MY FEET. Even though I kept repeatedly asking him to focus on my feet. He just ignored me, or didn't understand or whatever the case is. Very annoying. Also very rough ignoring me again when I would ask him to not to massage so hard. He pulled out so much hair from my head too just being rough. He was awful. I left feeling more stressed than when I went it. Also found it very awkward there are no doors on the rooms, and I could have sworn I heard a moan from the room next door. To top it off when it came to checking out, I was literally HOVERED as I signed. I will not be returning.
5	This spa is great!  Very clean, nice calming atmosphere, and great price point.  For feet only - 30 minutes.  For shoulder/head/arms/feet - 45 minutes.  Full body - 1 hour.  I bring my husband here after we've had a long work week.  walk ins always welcome but they do take appointments.  Ladies - ask for Andy, it's like he understands what wearing high heels does to a woman's feet.  Amazing!
5	OK, let's start with the haters of non-native English speakers who have posted.  The people who work here are NOT native English speakers; that is why the massage is so freaking wonderful!  Second, anywhere you go for a Thai Foot Massage, you will get a full body massage.  That's what it is.  That's what makes it amazing.  If it is too tough for you to read hand signals that say, turn over, move here, lie down, sit up, then don't go.  Find a blonde, English speaking masseuse, and pay $80 for an inferior massage.  Have fun.  As for me, I will patronize Healing Touch where I have repeatedly gotten the best full body, deep tissue, massages I have ever gotten!  If you don't want to strip, wear a light weight t-shirt.  No, there aren't doors on the rooms, but the only people walking around are the massage therapists, so, what the heck?  Get over yourself.
2	after reading ALL the reviews about this place, I was on the fence about going there. I have been to many reflexology places in other states, so I wanted to make up my own  mind.  First off, I walked in , no forms to fill out, no one asked me anything?? Once I was led to the half wall cubicle, then a man asked me how long?  I said 1 hour .  He tells me to sit on bench with feet in bucket.  He starts to work on my back.. Very painful.. He was at least 275 or more and I can withstand a lot of pain, but this guy thought he was wrestling me.. I said please not so much pressure.. He snickered.. yes, there is a man who snickers at you as someone else described in one of the reviews below. He then tells me to lay on table, pulling my sports bra down around my arms, very painful, if he had asked, and I had more privacy I would have removed it. This is FOOT reflexology not a massage place like Massage envy etc.. AT these places, you have total privacy, not half walls with people walking by.  Any way, during this massage he lifts me up with my arms behind my neck and by this time he told me to remove my bra, flung it on the floor.. as he lifts me off the table, my towel is no longer on me, and the TA-Tas are hanging out, swinging in the breeze.. I am fine with being nude, but at least warn me we are going to be rocking like a boat on the table... Oh and the towels he used and put on me at various times, where hotter than Hell!!! I know I had burns, he would not wait for them to cool down, and if I said anything, he just snickered... I love massages, but foot reflexology is for hands, feet and normally clothes on.. This was anything but.. Plus the fact that if they did hurt me, there would be no proof that I was there,, Nothing is filled out, no licences displayed etc.. My concern after I left, was the post massage effects.. burns from scalding hot towels, possible blood clots, bruises, pinched nerves etc.. Like I said.. I get massages, I have no problems with clothes off, but these places are not set up for NUDE massages.. plus they have NO accountability... Every other massage place including reflexology places, they take your name, your physical history, etc.. so found this place awkward that it did none of these.. Plus if you weigh 125 and someone 275-300 lbs is massaging you, and are using   full blunt force on the person you are massaging, you can hurt them.. So if I ever go back (highly doubt it )   I will ask for a female, little person, maybe it won't be so awful.. I am drinking lots of water, took pain meds, felt nauseated, headache etc today.. It could have been a better outcome, if they would have understood English, and NO means NO.. have proper credentials.. If you go here.. be prepared to get a full body massage, they prefer you NAKED. covered in tiny face towel with NO privacy.. Plus they never told me to drink water or anything when I left.  I know to drink water, but not everyone would know that.  have an open mind, watch out for BIG guy.. he delivers a wallop of a massage...
1	Didn't love it. I was in pain and decided to give it a try. I was really looking for just a foot massage. Instead I got a weird, rough, kind of all over massage. I really just wanted my feet and legs massaged but he really only spent a few minutes on that. I won't do this again and wouldn't recommend it to any of my friends.
5	I don't know what some of the negative reviews are about.  I thought Healing Touch was very clean and the staff was very professional.  The young woman who worked on me did a great job.  I wasn't all that crazy about the foot massage because it was a little too rough for me, and took a long time, but I should have said something, so that was my fault.  I guess, I just wanted to experience their basic treatment.  Next time, I will skip the foot massage and have her focus on my back.  Her back work was incredible.  Yes, they stretch you, but it felt great.  None of the stretching was painful at all.  Don't hesitate to go--this place is awesome!
5	My husband and I visited Healing Touch for our first ever try at reflexology and we will definitely go back.  The service was fantastic!  The atmosphere was very calm and peaceful.  We felt well taken care of and we appreciated that they checked in on the pressure of the massage and our comfort levels.
1	Came here at 11:30pm and they where closed :( really sucks cause their hours are suppose to be till 12am!!! my feet hurt so bad and now I have to go on a mission to find another place. Such a waste if time driving all this way won't do it again
1	Have been a customer for a few sessions and even made a friend here.  Unfortunately they got raided by Clark County and shut-down for improper licensing.  Kind of spooky but I guess the place is a little shady now if it ever opens up again.  I decided to try another local place, called Magnolia Foot Spa on 1850 E Serene Ave, I even spoke to the manager about their license.  They got one and it checks out!  If you are looking for another location try there, so far the service is great!
3	I like deep tissue massage and this is the only place that I found that can do a decent deep tissue
5	Full body massages for super cheap!! I go every other week! Very deep massages that feels excellent ! Bottle of water afterwards too!
5	Excellent!! It's called "foot reflexology" but for all intents and purposes its a full body massage. WORTH EVERY PENNY!
5	I've been to a few other Foot Relaxation places and this was by far the best experience I've had. Andy is a fantastic therapist and really worked to make sure I had a great experience.  I would recommend both Andy and Healing Touch!
5	Awesome full body massages, hot stone, & reflexology! Great prices, relaxing atmosphere. We'll definitely be back :-)
