4	These cupcakes are like nothing I have ever tasted- like wonderful clouds of cake in frosting in your mouth.  They only have a few kinds to choose from each day, but all the varieties I have tried have been great.  They will run you at least $2.50 a piece, but are great for a little pick me up!
4	This place is so cute.  It's the perfect setting for an afternoon snack.  With all the varieties of cupcakes to choose from I don't think you could get board.  As I have said many times, I love sweets and you are hard pressed to find something that is too sweet for me, but I could understand if some of these would be to sweet for the unconditioned palate.  Either way, it's always fun to come visit this place and get a sugar fix.
3	We popped into the Polka Dot Bake Shop for an afternoon treat.  After visiting cupcake bakeries in New York City and Seattle, we thought this might be an exciting new thing for us to do periodically in our own city.   Walking into the shop, it didn't feel like anything special.  It felt "cold" and impersonal.  There was nothing cutesy (or "polka dotty") about it.  There was the fluorescently lit cupcake case, a few nondescript tables, a children's play table, a couple of cupcake paintings on the wall (a take-off on Andy Warhol's Cambell soup prints would have been cool)...and that was pretty much it.   The colors and funness of their logo felt like they should have been used throughout the store more.  As for the cupcakes, they were decent, but nothing extraordinary.  I expected a case full of a huge variety of choices.  Not six.  I tried their cupcake of the day, though, which was Chocolate Pistachio.  It wasn't labeled in their case (why was it excluded from the rest of them?).  I only knew what it was because we had looked at their website before going (at least that's kept up-to-date).  The chocolate cake part of the cupcake was a bit dry, the chocolate frosting creamy, and the pistachios (although yummy separately) didn't really add anything to the mix.  And then there was the bill.  $2.50 per cupcake?  Ouch.
4	We ordered 30 cupcakes for a work shower and they turned out wonderfully. This was the second time I had experience ordering for a party from Polka Dot and I've been completely satisfied both times.Be careful not to go too crazy on the decorations since it can increase the price very quickly, but everything they do is cute and looks great.
3	Their speciality is cupcakes but they also have cookies and brownies.  The vanilla cupcake's a little dry but the chocolate and red velvet are both sublime.  There are also a lot of other flavors.  The cupcakes are perfect for a party or special occasion.
2	So you would think this would be my favorite place in the whole wide world, wouldn't you?  I mean, come on...  a CUPCAKE bakery?? You would also think that their cupcakes would be the best ever because its supposed to be their signature item, the shop is names after it, etc.  Want to see a big girl frown, give her a dry cupcake that looks pretty... the expectations are just too high.  I have bought four large orders from this place (over 4 dozen each time) and popped in for treats for staff on a few occasions.  The problem with this place is that it is inconsistent... some times it is the best ever, the cupcakes are big, fresh and worth every penny.  Other times the cupcakes are old and dry, obviously not baked that day.  Also, the selection can be off, sometimes you may only have 3-4 to choose from.  The plain cupcakes, meaning the non-specials that are just flavored cake and icing are usually worse than the specials. Go with their daily specials and you will be happier.  I will say this, the cupcakes usually look pretty and the staff is very friendly... that is always true.
5	I love cupcakes and I think Polka Dot Bake Shop's cupcakes are wonderful! I have purchased cupcakes numerous times and never had a dry cupcake. The cake has always been nice and moist. I like that the cupcakes are not huge; makes me feel a little less guilty about indulging! My favorite is the honey almond, but the grasshopper is great as well. I do agree that the inside decor could be cuter, but I'm there for cupcakes not decor so it doesn't bother me in the least.
4	They make THE best vanilla cupcakes I have ever tasted!  Light and airy with bits of vanilla beans throughout, you just can't go wrong.  Why did I only give them four stars?  I must admit, I am not a big fan of the frosting -- it's just too sweet.  luckily, it's easily removed from the cupcake, and the cupcake tastes perfect unadorned.
5	I've been looking for good gluten free cupcakes in Charlotte ever since I moved here in February.  When a friend recommended Polka Dot Bake Shop, I didn't want to get my hopes up because, in my past experience, Gluten Free cupcakes were generally dry and crumbly.I was cutting it close to closing time and called the bakery on my way over to place an order to it'd be ready for me to pick up.  I chose 2 chocolate cupcakes with chocolate frosting and 2 chocolate cupcakes with buttercream frosting.  The girl on the phone was very helpful and even promised me that they would stay open a little later if I couldn't make it there by 6:00.  She also mentioned they were giving away free banana cupcakes so that people could try them out.When I arrived at the bakery, the cupcakes were neatly boxed with the banana cupcake in a bag on top.  I tried the banana one in the car and it was DELICIOUS -- just like banana bread.  The other cupcakes were equally as delicious and even though my plan was to freeze a couple, I ended up polishing them off by the weekend.Bottom line -- while I can't vouch for their regular cupcakes, the Gluten Free cupcakes were amazing and I am constantly recommending this bakery to everyone I see!
4	Best cupcakes in Charlotte and the employees are very friendly.  Try vanilla and red velvet, amazing icing.  They have helped me out in a jam and let me pick up large orders both before they open and after they close.
5	The first time I had these cupcakes was on my birthday a year or two ago.  My oldest sister picked up a variety for me and put some candles in to sing to me with the fam, cute!!!  The next time was when I picked up a dozen for my friends birthday.I can't remember every flavor I tried, but I know that red velvet, lemon, tuxedo, vanilla and honey almond were all ridiculously good.  The cupcakes are really moist and the frosting is delicious and not too sweet, for me at least.  I liked these better than cupcakes I've had from some of the more well known NYC outlets.
4	3.5 stars for me...kicking it up to 4 because I'm such a sucker for sweets!I was craving the sweet stuff and decided to create my very own personal cupcake tasting. I strolled into Polka Dot and ordered four cupcakes, all of which I cut and tasted immediately when I got home. Before I get to the cupcakes themselves, the shop is pretty cute. It's a bit hidden off of the Park Rd. strip - so just be aware that it's inside that upscale strip mall off of Park & Woodlawn. The young lady who took my order was very friendly and offered some great suggestions. I also noticed they sell brownies, cookies and pull apart cupcake cakes. When I was tooling around on their website, the pull apart cakes look pretty adorable. Prices are a bit higher than I was expecting, but hey, it's a specialty baked good! $2.50 per cupcake and there are discounts when you order one dozen. All the cupcakes were just so pretty! Here's the rundown of my personal cupcake tasting...(keep in mind their flavors change daily!): Red Velvet: 4.5/5 stars: This was my favorite cupcake, mostly because I'm a total sucker for cream cheese frosting. The cake was pretty moist and I loved the flavor combo. My only gripe - too much frosting! I had to scrape a bit off as it was taking over my cupcake. Key Lime: 3/5: My least favorite of the bunch. It just didn't taste very key-limey to me except for a very, very small bit in the frosting. I like the actual cake part, though. Pumpkin Turtle: 3.5/5: Besides the bit of caramel within the frosting, I didn't see where the turtle came in, but I really liked the cake part and the cream cheese frosting. It tasted like a great pumpkin bread with tasty frosting (albeit a bit too much for me). Vanilla Bean: 3.5/5: I adored the actual cake part of this cupcake - it really is quite lovely with the vanilla bean. My ish? The frosting again! This buttercream almost gave me a cavity it was so sweet. I scraped off 80% of the frosting and then happily enjoyed my treat.Will I be back to Polka Dot? Absolutely! It's an adorable and sweet edition to the SouthPark area.
3	It breaks my heart to give any dessert-only restaurant less than 4 stars, but I just can't justify bumping it from 3 stars after my last visit.  Part of the appeal of a cupcake shop is being able to grab a little treat and a cup of coffee and then sitting down to relax for a bit while reading my kindle or playing with iphone.  While this place has a couple of tables right in the front of the shop to sit, it's not the most inviting and I would probably never consider having a seat to stay for a bit.  So for me, the cupcakes will always be to-go which just isn't as much fun.Next on to the cupcakes.  They have a small variety to choose from and it varies depending on the day of the week.  I ended up with a red velvet cupcake and a mexican hot chocolate cupcake.  Unfortunately neither one was outstanding.  The cake part of the mexican hot chocolate was decent and the icing was just ok, while the cake of the red velvet wasn't so great but the cream cheese icing was tasty.  Both cupcakes were also pretty dry.Don't get me wrong, I'll most likely be back.  There are still about 10 more cupcake flavors that I need to sample.  But I guess today helped me understand why I've only visited this place twice in 2 years.  For a dessert place that's unheard of for me.
4	I have to agree with Ami T about PDBS. I prefer their daily specials over their plain regular flavors. They are dry and bland.  I have had probably 10 or more flavors over the years and in general the frosting/filling makes the cupcake. My recommended flavors are: Apple Cinnamon, Creme Caramel, Peanut Butter Cup, Salted Caramel, Tuxedo.  Their cream cheese frosting is absolutely delicious. I have not tried the gluten free option, but I will do so next time. I don't know if it can compare with the moistness of Pink Chocolate's GF cupcakes though. This is a counter-service place so you have to wait till you get to the parking lot to scarf down a cupcake shamefully in your car.
2	Went in and ordered the Irish Cream cupcake (for st Pattys)The cupcake was dry ...and I had preferred they use frosting instead of whipped cream ( the lady didnt describe this as whipped cream or else I wouldnt have got it). It was just ok in my opinion - I expected more from a cupcake shop, I mean that's all the do right? $2.50 later...I wish I just ordered plain old vanilla.
5	These cupcakes are amazing! My wife & i had them make cupcakes for our wedding they are so good. Everyone loved the grasshopper cupcakes (special order now). I have tried so many and have never been disappointed. Check their calendar to see which kinds are being made and go early!
4	The gluten-free cupcakes are INCREDIBLE!  If they were available more often it would be 5 star plus rating
2	I tried a red velvet cupcake here for the first time the other day. It wasn't dry - very moist, but also fell apart easily - need a plate for this puppy.  The icing, unfortunately, which was nicely cream-cheese flavored, was so sweet it made my teeth hurt and gave me an instant headache. Couldn't finish it. Also, their information is a little confusing - their website states they use all natural ingredients, but then they have flavors like the Grasshopper Pie which contain Oreos (definitely not natural).Oh, well. Back to the cupcake hunt I go.
4	Polka Dot Bake Shop was my first cupcake shop experience in Charlotte.Their staff is just as sweet as the cupcakes themselves! :)The place is rather small, but don't let that fool you. They have plenty of cupcakes to choose from!I'm a sucker for red velvet, so this by far is my favorite cupcake of theirs.I would gather that a lot of their business is " to go" orders, but I could be totally off base with this.
5	Cupcakes, cupcakes, cupcakes. I HEART You....and if anyone wants to get me a special gift (aka a super delicious treat) I will gladly take a cupcake from Polka Dot Bake Shop...I don't even need a bow. What I do need is a fork...so I can really enjoy.  My favorite cupcake from Polka Dot is the Creme Caramel Cupcake. Anyway, enough about me and my cupcake love. Here's what you need to know about Polka Dot:About the place: This cute little space has a few outdoor tables and indoor seats so you can dine in with your cupcakes. I usually take mine to go but to each its own. Staff: The staff are funny, cute and always smiling when you enter the door. Great customer service. Kid friendly and the cupcakes are delish.They also offer muffins and do custom orders. Run, don't walk there!
4	When they're "on", oh honey, Polka Dot is a rockin' with moist, rich cupcakes.  When they're "off", oh honey, Polka Dot is slumpin' with dry cake and lack of flavor. Thankfully, PD has been more on then off for me, so I still give it 4 starts.  Let-eth me explain. Ambiance-wise, the decor is minimal.  Not particularly fashionable, or cozy, just a tiny space with a few chairs and two tops for guests inside and out.  The cupcakes I've had include the vanilla with vanilla frosting, vanilla with chocolate, pumpkin turtle, maple walnut and a few others I can't seem to remember right now. The vanilla, when it's on, it's killer.  Super moist cake, flecks of brown vanilla bean and a nice rich frosting that's also clearly vanilla, and not too buttery that it's like an oil spill in your mouth.  (I do agree with Nicole W. that they do lay the frosting on a tad too thick here...though I've had more crazy, where the cake-to-frosting ratio seems to be 1-to-1. ACK.)The pumpkin turtle cake was moist and surprisingly not too heavy.  The frosting was a nice compliment, but the caramel and pecan flavors didn't shine through. The maple walnut could have very well been a crushed walnut stuffed into a Hostess cake, topped with white stuff.  Okay, that's kind of mean, (afterall, I did eat the whole thing) but it really was a curve ball. The cake was light...but dry as a cellulose sponge.  (Or ANY kind of sponge, I suppose.) The cake did taste STRONGLY of ground up walnuts. It almost overpowered the frosting, which had no maple flavor whatsoever. Vanilla with chocolate frosting= very good. Bottom Line: $2.50 ain't bad.  (Hey, I know how much rent is in Park Towne...it's nuts for the level of customer traffic.) The people who work their are pretty friendly, and since it's on the way to work, I have no problems frequenting PDBS again in the near future! Question: Maybe if I go first thing in the morning it'll help with the dry problem?  I duno, I did have some mini vanilla cupcakes at an event recently, and those were quite moist, and I'm sure had been sitting out for a couple hours.
1	I have never been to the Polka Dot Bakeshop but I just bought a box of their SWEET POTATO CRACKER with chipotle and smoked paprika.  Sounds wonderful doesn't it?  Well it was disgusting!  I bought them at Fresh Market in Indianapolis and I wonder if the buyer from the store even sampled them.  A piece of cardboard with pepper on it would have had more sweet potato flavor than these crackers.  Go back to the drawing board with these.  They are TERRIBLE!
5	Great Cupcakes! I favor the red velvet and the peanut butter flavors most, but I haven't had one I didn't like. They don't stay open late, so plan ahead when you want to go.
5	Sweet Potato Cream Cheese - what can I say? I love to try new things... especially cupcakes!I pride myself in being the "cupcake tester" of Charlotte, established when I worked as a project manager to create a city guidebook of women businesses in Charlotte (and there are a great number of cupcakeries out there!). I have had my share of dry cakes before, but the cupcakes at Polka Dot Bake Shop are superbly moist compared to others I have tasted. I even saved some of my cupcake for the next day, and it was still surprisingly moist!  While some places (but not all) have cupcakes that are heavy and much too sugary, their cupcakes were light and airy with just the right hint of sweetness. As for the staff, the workers inside immediately greeted myself and my friend, and were readily available to let me know a little more about the different cupcakes and desserts they had on display. They were friendly, talkative and knowledgeable, and I thought all their desserts were affordable. All-in-all, my experience with Polka Dot Bake Shop was an A+. And as a person who constantly works with numerous business owners, I gotta say that Polka Dot Bake Shop is well-known for their excellent baked goods and known to have a great follower base of loyal customers and other business owners. Of course, word of mouth goes a long way, so I had to check them out for myself! I was definitely pleased.
5	Cupcake- you complete me.  If anyone out there wants to get on my good side its all about the cake baby.When I moved to charlotte I had a HARD time parting with my Chicago-Sweet Mandy B's cupcake routine.  Once a week I would go get my cupcake and guiltily eat my cupcake in the gym parking lot before yoga.  (yes I see the ridiculousness) When I moved here I tried 3 different bakeries and found nothing that I felt compelled to gobble down so regularly.  My husband knew I felt lost without my cupcake habit so he brought me home a cupcake from Polka dot one day. (thats how I know I have a good man)  Jackpot baby!  I hate hate hate those cupcakes that dont make good old fashioned sugary buttery frosting- so many do that whipped creamy tasting noise-  blech!!!  Polka dot does a delicious light yet Sugary frosting and such an amazing variety!  I love trying new ones.  Its places like this that make life worth living. Yumsky!!!
4	Tasty cupcakes and outstanding staff! In Charlotte, they can't be beat. I was running late to pick up some cupcakes for Valentine's day with my girlfriend and called ahead to see if they had special hours on Valentine's. They did not. And even though it was 45 minutes past their closing time on their busiest day of business, they waited around after cleaning to offer me the last few cupcakes of the day. Lifesavers! I got the vanilla with fudge and the tuxedo cupcakes. Both were moist and delicious. Of the three times I've been, only one cupcake has been a bit off. Absolutely the best cupcakes I've had in Charlotte. Thanks Polka Dot
3	Yikes. Not a fan of the cookies. Recently went in for a cookie, and came out with an iced sugar cookie and a chocolate chip-type cookie. FYI: the sugar cookie was downright greasy and tasted like raw flour. I threw it away after one bite...and if you know me, you'll know I ALWAYS finish my dessert. Oh. The icing was also a thick coating, practically half the thickness of the cookie itself. The chocolate chip cookie was not memorable, and the chunks of chocolate so big, it became almost sickeningly chocolaty. On this note, I'd really suggest going in for their cupcakes when they're "on", and keep your distance from the cookies...though they are very pretty!
4	I recently stopped in and got a dozen cupcakes here for a birthday, and I was generally impressed.  The shop itself is pretty small, but it has all the trappings of a friendly local business.  You can see the kitchen, they've got a little play area and mini table for kids to keep themselves occupied while the grownups agonize over cupcake decisions, and they've even got a little coffee bar.I was generally happy with the cupcakes.  The standouts were the honey almond and grasshopper varieties.  One or two of the cupcakes had dried out at the top, and the cake portions were a bit more crumbly than they should have been.  Also, I was looking forward to more of a strong vanilla flavor in the vanilla cakes, but that might be my personal preference more than anything else.Overall, a nice alternative to birthday cakes, and a great little treat for any occasion.
5	I usually just eat the tops of cupcakes, but even the cake part is great here.
5	Let me start by saying that I am not a desert person.  I also am not a traditionalist.  That being said.  Having the Polka Dot Bake Shop make the cupcakes for our wedding was a phenomenal idea.  This was one of the decisions/responsibilities I pawned off on my wife-to-be for the extravaganza.  How then, you may ask, do I know for a fact, they deserve 5-stars?a)  My wife never complained about Polka Dot, nor did they ever fail to communicate/return calls.b) The cupcakes were amazing, making 1 delicious cupcake, probably not that hard, making 160 delicious cupcakes is a totally different story.c) The presentation was fabulous.d) They get bonus points for good business practice, following up two weeks after the wedding with a card congratulating us on our nuptials which also contained a gift card for free cupcakes (bonus!). When planning an event you want to know you can trust the people you subcontract to handle what they say they will handle and to do it professionally, Polka Dot did a phenomenal job.  My only regret is taking so long to write this review.
4	Chocolate Cupcake with Chocolate Butter-cream Icing and Chocolate Cupcake with Vanilla Butter-cream Icing, Both were good... Both were good and I'm so glad my new diet includes Cupcakes!This place is CUTE (though not overly feminine) on the inside with a few comfortable chairs and none that are not.  Two tables outside where I sat and enjoyed my two selections!The Lady serving me was SWEET, patient and seemed to be very happy to be working there!  If she were the owner it would not have surprised me!
4	They hit it out of the park every time! Great staff & great product. They do special orders for Gluten Free & Vegan cupcakes and they're amazing.
5	I know I reviewed polka dot before but I had to write a quick update on a couple flavors I had over the past 2 weeks.I don't necessarily give polka dot as a whole 5 stars but I definitely give these two flavor combinations 5 stars.  PD overall is solid, consistent and yummy.  I'll always be a fan.  But, onto the goods...So the first cupcake that receives a noteable mention is the Chocolate Covered Strawberry flavor.  Oh my goodness!!!  Let's see...how can I put this without being dramatic?  Hmmm...Ok, let's put it this way... if I was crossing the street and accidentally dropped this cupcake into oncoming traffic and my option was to save the cupcake or potentially get hit,...It would be worth the risk. I would save the cupcake.It was chocolate (moist, perfectly flavored chocolate), with a strawberry buttercream (pretty sweet but not over the top), with a strawberry coulis center (not jam or jelly) and a dollop of ganache on the top.  It just WORKED.  That's all I can say.  I've had that same flavor at other cupcakeries and they didn't hold a candle to this one!  It is done so well!  I wish it was on their regular menu but it isn't so you may have to call and request it!!  :)  The next one that is worth mentioning I had last Saturday and it was DIVINE!!!Flutter Nutter is the name and scrumditliumptious is the GAME!!!A chocolate cupcake with a peanut butter center and a marshmallow buttercream center with peanut butter drizzle on top.  Heaven in cake. I wasn't sure how the marshmallow buttercream would work out but it was incredible.  It gave the perfect sweet complete to this cupcake.  The consistency was perfect..not too dense and not too airy/fluffy.  Very satisfying.  It was rich but if you know what to expect going in then you will enjoy every bite!  I could have used a bit more of the peanut butter center but I'll get over it.  Once again, not on their regular menu so you have to request this delightful cupcake.***It is worth emailing or calling to make requests because they do care about their customers!!!
5	Flew in from Washington, DC to host a bachelorette party for my sister at the Holiday Inn in City Center. Emailed with Lindsay, event coordinator for Polka Dot about the design and type of pull apart cake that I wanted. I also needed the cake delivered to the hotel. The cake came just a described and pictured and was right on time. All the girls loved the cupcakes and I really appreciate the excellent customer service!
5	Best cupcakes in Charlotte hands down! The caramel (only on Thursday) is a must have!!!
4	Finally a cupcake that isn't dry or bland... yay! Their red velvet cupcakes are probably the best I have tasted in a long time - still not as good as homemade, but a close second!
4	Having swung in here now a few times, I can say that I really like this place. I like it a lot more then some of the other typical cupcake type places that are overly sugary in design, and have a lot of extraneous nonsense that distracts from the cupcakes. That being said, after having tried this place 3-4 times now, and also at the Yelp Hicknic, I can only give it 4 stars. The problem I have is that their cakes are always just a little bit dry.  The only time that I haven't felt that they were a little dry was when we had the mini-cup cakes at the Yelp event, so I think it's something to do with the size.  Other than that, all the flavors that I've tried are tip top, and they have a perfect icing to cake ratio, which is the other critical factor for me.  The only other thing that I've tried here is the sugar cookies that they have on display usually next to the cupcakes, and they are solid, if a little dry as well.All in all, I will be back here again and again, they are priced to sell, and they change their flavors up a lot, so it's fun to stop in and see what they've cooked up. Hopefully they'll add a little moisture to their goodies and I'll throw the 5th and final star on top.
4	Yummmm! You can't have just ONE of these cupcakes. The holiday pumpkin was incredible and you can never go wrong with red velvet! I miss seeing Kelley working there- she was always so nice and sweet.
5	By far my favorite cupcakes in Charlotte. Vanilla Bean is my top choice. Ginger molasses cookies are also amazing!!
5	The best cupcakes in Charlotte!  I have tried many others and there is usually something off.  Polka Dot's just seem to melt in your mouth.  The Vanilla cupcake with Vanilla icing is my favorite.  Very simple, yet oh so perfect.
4	Delicious red velvet cupcakes!Had an opportunity to try their cupcakes from the Hicknic Yelp party event. I could not help but to 2-3 mini cupcake servings! I told myself I will come to their store and order me a full sized cupcake. I am picky about my cupcakes.Cupcake mix - it was moist and the cream cheese frosting to the red velvet was not overpowering and was light and smooth. Good job PolkaDotBake Shop!
5	Best cupcakes ever! I love Polka Dot! Everything is so fresh and sweet! The cookies n' cream cupcakes taste like an Oreo expulsion in your mouth. The tuxedo cupcake is dangerously good! Never had something here that wasn't perfect! They will be catering cupcakes for my upcoming wedding which is awesome! They will let you have multiple flavors!
5	We ended up trying a lot of cupcake places as we were trying to get an idea of cake/icing flavor combinations we liked for our wedding cake. We came across Polka Dot thanks to a suggestion from my mother-in-law, and thank goodness we checked it out. This is our favorite cupcake shop in town. We pop in for cupcakes, pies, cookies, muffins, sweet potato chips, brownies, and especially whoopie pies. The whoopie pies are available only on occasion but are well worth any wait. It's recommended that you call ahead for pies (24-48 hrs for a reg pie, same day for mini pie) as they go quickly. Treat yourself and stop in. It's hard to not walk out with a full dozen treats.
4	Swiss Roll inspired cupcake?  (A chocolate cupcake with a marshmallow center topped with marshmallow buttercream dipped in chocolate ganache and chocolate sprinkles).  Yes ma'am!  Holy smokes was that OUTSTANDING, with a moist cupcake, creamy inside and topping, and a melty layer of chocolatey ganache on top.  I will be on the lookout for this specialty flavor from now on.  The vanilla/vanilla was okay.  I bought 2 red velvets to share with coworkers, but I have not heard back as to how they were.  Based on the Swiss Roll cupcake, I can't imagine there will be any complaints.   Located in the strip of shops (near Sushi 101) kind of behind ParkTowne Village, parking was a bit of a crunch at peak lunch time, and folks will run you down in their vehicles trying to get to the stoplight to exit if you aren't careful.  Cute little bake shop, the employees were friendly and helpful.  I picked my flavors, which were efficiently boxed.  I paid just over $11 for 4 cupcakes, which seems to be a bargain for bake shop cupcakes.  I also eyed a blueberry muffin with a crumbled topping, along with a cream cheese sweet potato muffin (hello!), but stuck with the cupcakes (it's a cupcake kinda day).  Cookies and several other flavors of cupcakes (see their website for daily flavors) all looked very good.  I will definitely return to try more of their tasty treats.
2	Went to polka dot bake shop yesterday and it was very lack luster. The service was not as friendly as others have said they were. One star off. When I got my cupcakes home, the woman at the front desk got my order wrong which I can't stand, and there goes another star. So I got over it and started to eat one of the cupcakes, stale, and dry. My BIGGEST pet pee!!! I hate it. So to sum it all up, they will never see me again. I am going back to south park mall and get the greatest cupcakes I have had so far.
4	I am TOTALLY a sucker for good cupcakes. I can't thank Amy C enough for the suggestion to give this place a try! It was freaking amazing!!!I can't believe I had driven by this place so many times and never stopped in. Lucky for me when I did finally drop in on Saturday afternoon, the place was empty so I had all the time I wanted to ask questions and scope out all the goodies. Cupcakes and cookies galore! And after chatting up the staff I settled on a sugar cookie and of course my all time favorite a red velvet cupcake. Let's start with the cookie...I practically inhaled it. No...I devoured it. Seriously, it didn't make it out of the parking lot. It was soft, and delicious! Just like a sugar cookie should be! The icing was a perfect compliment and just a few sprinkles was a really nice touch. I only regret not turning the car off and going back in and getting more! But not to be outdone, the red velvet cupcake was just as scrumptious! The cream cheese icing didn't overwhelm the cupcake, the flavors were on point...and it was so MOIST!!! It really was one of the best ones I've had in a while. I seriously can not wait to go back! With so many different varieties I'm sure to find a few more favorites!
5	I can't really say enough of how much I love this place! Every single person that works there is happy, Amy is awesome at planning weddings and other parties. Each and every time I go here there is a new cupcake that they are offering that day, and they turn out great. My sister and I are planning her engagement party and we have gone to a few other places to decide on cupcakes and hands down Polka Dot took the cake ;) keep up the good work! and yes, I'll be back again, most likely this weekend!
5	Hi, my name is Amy and I am addicted to Polka Dot Bake Shop.*Hi, Amy*I love this place, so much so that I am afraid I will need to go get bigger pants.  Everything I have gotten has been consistently fresh and delicious.  On their website, they list the "daily flavors" for cupcakes and whenever something looks good to me (almost daily), I try to stop in.  Whenever cotton candy cupcakes appear, I am there, and should they ever do the swiss cake roll cupcake again, I am getting a dozen.  On my list visit, I got a bag of their sweet potato crackers - DELICIOUS.  Light with just a faint hint of the potato-ey goodness.  They are not sweet crackers, but so delicious.  I ate the bag in one weekend, I could not stop myself from getting a handful every time I got the munchies.  Today's new adventure was their nut brittle.... holy smokes.  Not quite an inch thick of crunchy, buttery brittle goodness with every kind of nut that you can imagine in it (I recognized pecans and cashews, but couldn't stop eating long enough to do a thorough search).The daily flavor today was a hummingbird cupcake which was topped with a delicious cream cheese icing that was exactly the right amount of sweetness with exactly the right amount of icing.  Moist cake - perfection.  Their sweet potato cream cheese muffins are a dream come true.  When I stop in for a cupcake(s), I usually get a sweet potato cream cheese muffin to eat the next morning for breakfast.  I heart the Polka Dot, what a gem!
3	Went to polka dot bake shop a few days ago and was pretty disappointed. The service was not as friendly as others have said they were. My red velvet cupcake was just ok. :( I also ordered a reeses peanut butter chocolate cupcake. It was stale and dry and the peanut butter icing was horrible. I may go back if i'm really really in dire need of a red velvet cupcake.
3	My wife and my daughter love them, but it was just okay for me. I found my lemon cupcake to be a bit crumbly.Chocolate, tuxedo, red velvent, cookies & cream, they have a changing menu of flavors. Plus brownies and cookies and a few other things.
5	One of my favorite dessert places! The tuxedo cupcake is to die for. I would definitely recommend this bakery for anyone's cupcake needs!
5	We love Polka Dot Bakery at our office.  Through work, we have used them for gifts to vendors and we get great responses.  The team there is very friendly, knowledgable and helpful as well.  I had a banana pudding cupcake there yesterday and it was quite frankly the best thing I have ever put in my mouth.  We have also used them for showers (bridal and baby), birthdays, get wells, etc.  Outstanding food and great service.  Can't beat it.
5	This review is long overdue.  My husband and I were married on September 20, 2013 and we had the pleasure of working with Lindsey to help us with our order.  Lindsey took the time to sit with us during our tasting and walk us through everything.  We had a small vanilla cake made for my husband and I to cut with a beautiful rosette design and decided on the honey almond and red velvet cupcakes.  They were to die for!   We rented the cupcake stand and ended up deciding to set up the cupcakes ourselves, so Lindsey refunded us the setup fee.  She personally delivered our order the day of the event and was punctual and professional.  We even got a sweet message from her with a coupon to use on our one year anniversary for some free cupcakes.  Couldn't have been more pleased!
5	This place is very professional and friendly. I just got their cupcakes for the first time this past week, and they came out looking really good!
5	My friend bought me some cupcakes from Polka Dot Bake Shop. I have yet to make it over to the bakery myself but the cupcakes she gave me were amazing! I had the vanilla cupcakes with vanilla butter cream and chocolate butter cream icings. The cake was perfectly moist and both flavors tasted heavenly. The presentation was great as well. I am not sure about the "fancier" flavors but the basics are addicting! I will venture over to the shop next time I am in the area :)
3	My raging sweet tooth (or teeth?) demanded sugar, so I Yelped nearby bakeries. I read rave reviews for the cupcakes at Polka Dot Bake shop and headed over. I spotted the cute storefront but upon arrival, I wasn't exactly blown away by or irresistibly enticed by the cupcakes displayed: they seemed like several variations on standard chocolate or white flavors (which are very, very nice and certainly worthy of greedy consumption - but these just looked bland and uninteresting). However, the big squares of brownies caught my eye instead (I am faithful to no exclusive sweet), and I eagerly pounced on one ($2.50 for a big square that could easily be split in two). However, halfway to my car, I gobbled up the whole fudgey, gooey, buttery hunk of love. Delicious and sensationally soft and fresh. I cruuuuushed. I'd definitely recommend stopping by for that brownie alone.
4	I ordered cupcakes and a pull apart cake from Polka Dot Bake Shop a few weeks ago for a baby shower. I am out of town, so I had to explain my "vision" and do all of my ordering over the phone and through email. The staff was very helpful and the end result was wonderful. The cupcakes looked great and, most importantly, were delicious! The lemon was the crowd favorite, but the chocolate, red velvet and vanilla were wonderful also. I highly recommend!
5	We received a gift bag of cookies in the mail from a friend who was congratulating us on our new baby :) AMAZING! The black and white cookie is beyond words good... Pregnancy cravings can still be in full effect after labor right? I may just have to fib
