1	I want to put less than 1 star I didn't even have a chance to sit down and look at the menu when I was rudely turned away from the establishment because I had my dogs with me. Now I wasn't trying to sit inside, I was getting a table on the patio and have my dogs on the outside of the rail. The man said he was the owner, we'll I wish him the worst.
4	Just finished a delightful breakfast.  I would definitely go back but still doesn't beat my favorite place... Blueberry hill pancake house.  Love the new location of this place. Fast and pleasant service. Never had to wait or ask for a refill on our water and coffee. Coffee cake is a great choice. Moist warm and not overly sweet with the right amount of icing.  I've had the monte crisco at the different location which I do love but this time had the egg white scramble. Nice flavor and a good serving size.  Will be back.
1	We received horrifyingly poor service. I complained to the manager about the disorganized fashion in which people were being seated, and a man claiming to be the owner escorted me and my 3-year-old daughter outside, and yelled at me to "GET IN MY CAR, LEAVE AND NEVER COME BACK." I've lived in Las Vegas since 1975, and have never received such awful treatment at a restaurant. To give the full story, I took my 3-year-old daughter to the Cracked Egg for the first time, and was told it would be a 25-minute wait. There was no place for us to sit in the front, and I saw what looked like a place to get coffee in the back of the restaurant. We strolled back there, and was told (with a bit of attitude) by the same guy who threw us out that if we sat there, the hostesses wouldn't come find us when it was our turn. I got a cup of coffee, and returned to the front of the restaurant... the whole process took less than 10 minutes. We waited another 10 minutes or so, and I asked the hostesses if it would be our turn soon, and they said they called us awhile ago... clearly it was a 5-minute wait, not a 25-mintue wait.I asked to speak to the manager, and began complaining to her about the disorganized process, when a man identifying himself as the owner approached me, angrily escorted me and my daughter outside, and rudely told us to leave and never come back. I asked several times that he listen to me, and he rudely told me to "look around, you're not the only one here with an infant."Unbelievable.
3	The Cracked Egg recently opened in Summerlin. There was a line out the door the morning we were there. The food was serviceable, but no dish stood out as something special. I had the low fat special. Which had chicken, green chilies, red salsa and tortilla chips. It tasted okay but did not look very appetizing on the plate.  It looked like a pinkish mash. The tortilla chips were also mushy. It seemed like they were trying to make a healthier version of chilaquiles, but the execution was so so. Still, it was eatable. My husband had the carnitas omelette which was fine. Our friends two of the skillets and the eggs Benedict. All of which were also fine. The best part of the meal was the coffee cake that they offer as a side. It's served warm with a sugar glaze on top. This place is an okay breakfast option if your favorite place is too packed. I think the wait that we experienced was because this is a new place. The crowds will die down after it's been open a while.
2	I came in half an hour before they closed. The first thing the hostess says to me is they close in 30 rather than greeting us. Within two minutes of sitting down the waitress in the next section over is talking horribly about the table across from us with one of the managers. Hopefully they reevaluate their customer service skills and take their personal opinions in the kitchen next time instead of in front of their guests
1	I had my assistant call the Cracked Egg to ask for an owner I could send the below letter to. "Curtis" got on the phone, wouldn't give his last name, and yelled at my assistant! So with no other outlet than Yelp, here's the letter:To Whom It May Concern:I live very near the new Cracked Egg restaurant at Charleston and Hualapai. My inquisitive 3-year-old daughter watched with great anticipation as the new "muffin store" was being built, and the morning of 4/27/14 I took her there (she was very excited). I would normally bring my wife and 1-year-old son, but my wife was home sick with a cold.What followed was the worst customer service experience of my life. Given the recent opening of the restaurant, wait staff and hostesses were understandably unpracticed and the operation wasn't running as smoothly as I expect it will over time. However, when I complained to the manager about needlessly waiting for 15 minutes after it was our turn to be seated, a man approached me, and with no introduction or conversation, promptly escorted me out the front door (my 3-year-old daughter riding on my hip), and rudely and loudly told me to "get in my car, leave, and never come back." I encouraged him to listen to me, his customer, and he rudely told me "look around, are you the only one here with an infant?" I'm not a loud, large, or scary-looking man; in fact, I'm a 47-year-old, well-respected member of the business community. I serve on two high profile community boards, and own and operate a small, local business. Suffice it to say, I've never been banned from any establishment, and found the whole experience horrifying, especially in light of having my young daughter with me.The saddest part of this experience is my 3-year-old daughter now speaks (unsolicited) about the "bad man at the Cracked Egg who wouldn't let us have pancakes and bacon." She shouldn't have to worry about facing hostility at any of our neighborhood establishments. It's shameful.Sincerely,Jeff G.
4	I was a little apprehensive about visiting The Cracked Egg since many of the reviews so far weren't so good. I'd been watching the construction of this restaurant since it is very close to my job and I frequent some of the other businesses in the area.Luckily, either I visited at a good time of day, or they worked out the initial kinks in service, because I had a lovely experience.  The restaurant is bright and cheerful, with a semi-open kitchen. There are several large booths and tables throughout, as well as patio seating (no dogs allowed, the sign is pretty prominent). I was seated promptly, my drink order was taken right away, and my server checked on me throughout the meal. I enjoyed my Californian omelette, which was served with a choice of home fries, hash browns, or fruit along with a choice of toast or coffee cake. Next time, I will definitely get the coffee cake, because it looked great. I was able to sample a piece (my friend got the coffee cake), and it was really yummy. Apparently, they have different varieties daily. Prices were reasonable, with most items averaging between $10-$12.I expect that The Cracked Egg gets really busy on the weekends, and the parking situation was already pretty tight because there are so many other businesses nearby. It is nice having a breakfast/brunch option in Summerlin!
5	I have been to several of the cracked egg locations and have never had anything but a great experience. I personally prefer to go to local family owned establishments like this one. I love to get the peanut butter stuffed french toast. I also like to get the build your own skillet because the variety of options they have. I noticed somebody wrote a tip about it but it is worth repeating that their coffee cake is excellent. I might be addicted to it as I can't prevent myself from ordering it whenever I come to the cracked egg. My favorite one to get when it is available is the peanut butter one but they all are good. Over the years I have tried the majority of options they have had on their menu and was always satisfied. This new location is no different. Keep up the good work!
2	Decided to try the The Cracked Egg because of their gluten-free offerings but was disappointed.  Husband & I had lunch and then gave another try at breakfast the next morning.  Not wonderful either time.  GF pancakes were not cooked all the way through leaving gooey middle.  Lunch had problems as well.  Service was not the best either.
4	After my doctor's appointment this morning, I stopped here for breakfast.  The place opened recently and I wanted to check it out knowing that it was part of a chain.Before looking at the menu, one of the bus people came and brought me coffee. I first checked the specials board.  Then I looked over the menu.  After some thought, I went with one of the specials and ordered a Cordon bleu skillet.  The skillet had potatoes, chicken, ham, and swiss cheese and Hollandaise.  I got my two eggs over easy and rye toast.In less than five minutes, my server brought the skillet over and it looked great!  It also tasted that way.  The chicken pieces were real chicken--not formed chicken.  The swiss cheese covered the top.  I was pleasantly surprised that the skillet was not heavy on cubed potatoes to use a cheaper ingredient to cut back on the ham and chicken.My coffee was refilled without waiting and service was good.  I'm glad we now have a good breakfast place in the neighborhood.
3	First time at this location...1pm on a Tuesday. The food was good we got huevos rancheros and corned beef hash..but the service was ridiculously s l o w. It took 20 minutes after finishing the meal before the check was dropped :( good food though.
5	Start your day off right!!! Food is fantastic!!! Nice new store close to Red Rock casino. Breakfast is my favorite meal and never disappointed here. Staff is great, funny, fun yet professional. My all time favorite server is Rhonda, the tall blonde she's quite witty and always make me/us laugh!
2	Was pretty excited that a Cracked Egg was in close by my work. Thought I'd stop in. No wait, place was pretty nice, it's newer so everything is nice and shiny. Took about less than a minute to get our drink order but over 4 to get our waitress back to our table. She was tall, thin, short curly hair. She was ok, took order, told us our food would be awhile. DOn't know why, but ours took longer than everyone around us, we just ordered eggs and bacon with toast :/  finally got our food. It was nothing special. Had better, had worse. The only saving grace was the 2 for 1 coupon. Haven't been back. Probably wont be either.
4	Plan for a wait on the weekends but it goes fast. The outside patio is nice if the weather is good. Food is typical breakfast eats but done well. My favorite is the corned beef hash - real corned beef and hashbrowns. I add the chorizo for some spice. Coffee cake is amazing, as are the seasoned potatoes.Updated 7/5. By the way, after finally trying out a dish that was labelled similarly at its competition "The Egg and I", I was sorely disappointed in their version. Way to win the battle of the breakfast!
5	Best breakfast in town. Have tried a few omelets. My favorite so far. Open for breakfast and lunch only. Service is fast every time I have been there.  Friendly too. I always look forward to this place. I will have to try lunch sometime soon. Let you all know how it is.
5	I definately would come here again, the service is great (she wanted to add me on snapchat) and the food it great. It is the perfect size and it is a great welcoming restaurant. I would prefer THE MONTE CRISTO, a ham and swiss cheese sandwich coated in french toast batter, and deep fried. 10/10 would totally recommend!!!
5	Service was awesome! Thank you Amanda!!! She is the best sever ever!! Food was dank! I would come back in a heart beat
3	I had the carnitas omelet here the other day.  It really was more of a green chili omelet.  Nothing special; a decent place for a breakfast meal.
5	It was really difficult for me to choose what I wanted from the menu, everything sounded so good! I really enjoyed what I decided on, the croissant french toast. They didn't skimp out on the berries like most places do- they totally loaded it up! The coffee cake is also to die for. My family (whom I went with) also all enjoyed their meals. Also, great service and very friendly staff.
2	Very basic breakfast, service at this place is horrible,,,do not sit outside, been there twice and same horrible service both times, coffee empty, bussers walking by not helping out.  I had to go to the host to get some attention to the table.  You can certainly do better than this place for breakfast.
1	This place only gets a single star and that's only because our waitress was so kind. We were excited to come to this new location. Came after a walk with my friends and small dog. We sat on the patio and ordered. When the waitress was finishing our order she informed us we could not stay with our dog. We said okay we'll put her on the other side of the railing. She informed us she didn't think we could do that either. I informed her at other restaurants as long as the dog wasn't in their "dinning area" it should be okay. She left to ask the manager. The owner came out.....actually stood in the door way. In a very curt tone informed us I'm not serving you. I don't care what side the dog is on. No apology nor any sound of remorse or empathy in his voice. I see now why you and your partner have problems.  We left and had a lovely pet friendly breakfast at EGG WORKS
5	I placed a to go order at 932am today by the time I arrived at the location at 950am our food was ready. The hostess greeted me as I walked in, told her my name, paid my ticket and drove back home. The easiest most convenient morning this week. The food was hot and very tasty. I will continue business with them.
5	Cracked egg has  perfectly made hash brown. Staff is friendly and food is yummy. One of my favorite breakfast spots in Summerlin.
4	The corn beef hash was just so so. The corn beef was not "hashed".Waitress should have warned me not to order the hash brown because there is already potatoes under the corn beef.  Should have sub it with fruits.This breakfast place  is exactly what this area needs. Flooded with natural light,  cheerful and airy. Waiting stuff was friendly.Next time I'll just order eggs over easy, toast and coffee. Other stuff on the menu looks too heavy.
1	This place gets only 1star as well because of the waitress was nice. One of the hostess as we walked in was rude and did not even smile. I commented for her to smile, the more she gave me this dagger look. We were excited about this new place but with what happened, it will be a while for the next visit.
4	Love this place! Our favorite local breakfast spot and we were so happy when they opened this location in Summerlin. We are always greeted warmly and seated quickly. The service is fast and efficient and the food comes out quickly. Always order the coffee cake instead of toast! It's delicious and so light and moist and served warm. I like the build your own breakfast skillet with the seasoned potatoes! I also like that they have vanilla creamers for my coffee :) Always a great experience and the food is always amazing. In my opinion, it's a little on the pricy side for breakfast but everything is now a days.
3	Tried the Cracked Egg in Summerlin today (close to home) the breakfast was good, my wife ordered the ruben nothing special. Decor is good, clean.Overall just OK, I think if I'm going pay $10-$12 per breakfast I'm going to stick with the the Egg and I, or Bagel Cafe.
2	This place gets two stars because the service was good. Our waitress was accommodating. But the food wasn't that great. The food feels like something frozen and got microwaved.
3	This place has great food and really nice servers, BUT it is a struggle to order vegetarian dishes.We wanted to substitute veggies for meat on an omelet, but were told no because their policy is meat for meat substitute only.This is the first restaurant that hasn't accommodated vegetarian needs. I would have given a higher rating had it been different. We won't be coming back because we can't eat here.
5	This place never fails to impress.  The food is consistently delicious and the staff is wonderful.  More impressive, the quality carries from location to location.I've tried a lot on the menu and yet to be disappointed, even lunch is good.  Mainly I come for breakfast though.  Scrambles, omelets and benny's... oh my!  I think the southwest scramble is my personal favorite.  Spicy and yummy just like me.  If spicy isn't your thing, try the south shore scramble.  Chicken and avocado will set you up for a good day.
3	I've tried two different locations and I prefer this one. It's new, open, spacious and really busy on a Sunday morning. I've had The Monte Cristo which I admit sounded good but when it came to the table I could tell it was deep fried and to me the mixture tasted disgusting. Luckily I was with someone that traded me one of their eggs benedict for one of my pieces of The Monte Cristo so they could try it. Their egg's benedict was ok and I probably should have gone with that since it was a classic instead of the experimental dish. I do recommend having their raspberry stuffed french toast though. That was tasty but it's a lot. I had to take some home.
4	This was the first time and boy really good hot food even eating outside.We definitely had the best server SHARON .She is the best!!!!'
5	Best home-cooked breakfast in the neighborhood, and a welcome new addition to this corner of the city.
2	Great location...place is new and is nice. The service needs improvement. We waited. About 20 mins before anyone took our order...food is great on the other hand
5	Didn't know where to go off the 215 and saw this place. Even tho it's 1.6 miles off the freeway. It's easy to get there. Excellent food and friendly people. I recommend it. We had breakfast.
5	Eggggg-cellent service, good food, good prices. Server was able to grab me the last piece of pumpkin coffee cake even though they ran out, it was a corner piece that I figure they couldn't sell so she gave it to me free of charge. What a sweetie! That's a winner in my book!
5	I just love this place! din in or dine out! the food is good fun and if your good you can find out about their secret hidden menu! (cordon blue bowl anyone!)
3	Service was great, food came out pretty fast. You really want to try their delicious coffee cake! The omelette I order was okay, food presentation can definitely improve. Overall, it was a good breakfast place.
5	We love this place! The food is always amazing and so is the service. My favorite egg place for sure. We go on off days as it does get crowded on the weekends.
5	Food was great and came out super fast. The entire staff was friendly. I will come back
5	We were in Las Vegas for 10 days and this was the best breakfast we had...  recommended.
5	Service:  prompt and friendly.Food: serving size was big but not too big.  Tasted nice.  Coffee was hot and well prepared.Price:  Good for what you get.
5	Love this place. It's my go to breakfast place. I recommend the chili skillet, California omelet, French toast... Everything is delicious. Service is fast and friendly.
4	Medium wait, fast hot coffee, good food....what can you say, it's breakfast for the champions. The Greek Omlette, French Toast and short stack all received thumbs up.
