1	I purchased a brand new fridge from them that was discounted due to 2 small dents in the door.  The fridge was delivered and I thought all was fine.  Several hours later I returned home to a flooded fridge compartment and kitchen floor.Turns out some of the fridges with water/ice dispensers they have in the showroom have filters in them - some don't.  In my case, there was no filter in the fridge when it was installed.  When the ice maker kicked on, since there was no filter, the water just poured out of where the filter should be - hence flooding the entire fridge and leaking out onto the floor.I went back to the Outlet and explained there was no filter and was basically told some have them, some don't.  Since mine didn't come with one I would need to buy one for $50.  I spoke to the manager as this seemed ridiculous.  The manager walked around the showroom, found a fridge that had a filter in it, removed it and handed it to me.  I was grateful ... until I got home and it was the WRONG SIZE!!!!  I called the Outlet and spoke to the same manager who said there was nothing he could do, I'd have to go to another parts store and buy one.I went to the parts store the next day, with the wrong filter in hand.  The man there was extremely helpful and was shocked how the Outlet store handled the situation.  He looked up the model of fridge I had and agreed they had given me the wrong filter out of some random fridge.  He gave me the correct filter free of charge and said he would charge it to the Outlet store.I will never buy another appliance from an Outlet store!
1	As I walked in the front door there was a sign posted "Help Wanted".  I should have known ... I was just looking anyway and didn't intend to buy anything today.  However, I found a range hood and purchased it.  What I have to say is that if you go there and PETE is your 'customer service advocate' ... RUN .. don't walk ... RUN !!!  He has NO business working in customer service.  Even while I was waiting a long period of time to be helped, he casually walked over to some other desk, picked up his drink from Circle K and takes a drink .. then meanders back and I'm still waiting.  He has one speed - REVERSE.  I won't be back to this store.  The only person in this store wtih a clue at all was Noah who had GENUINE desire to help, but wasn't able to as he's never been trained on the cash registers.  There was some other guy name Tim that seemed to know what he was doing ... but again, if you get Pete .. RUN !!
1	Crap customer service! After spending $1200 on a built in oven, get it home and install it only to find it not working...but wait, I have a 12 month warranty, so no worries, right? WRONG! First, it's more than a week before they can get a repairman out. Ok, fine.Day of the appointment comes and the repairman is a no show- mind you it's a 4 hour window I sat around waiting for him. Now, I'm supposed to reschedule and wait around for another 4 hour window! And still, I have no working oven.Do yourself a favor and avoid Sears outlet like the PLAGUE! They sell shoddy appliances and have even shoddier customer service.
5	I am not sure what other reviewers were dealing with but every time I've been here I've been helped and with speed. For granted, I never actually received my washer/dryer (bought on Black Friday for new house,  didn't get that bid and bid I did get was on house with washer/dryer). Both managers Shani and Angie helped with the return even though the normal return time had expired.
1	When is a Outlet store not a outlet store?When they sell the same things that the regular store does... perhaps theres a "ding" on it. but an outlet store should offer more than 5% or "GASP" 10% off anything in the store!Skip the outlet store, and buy it at the retail store where they will deliver it for you and give you what serves as Sears customer service these days the customer service at the outlet reminded me of a K-Mart during a going out of Business sale.  Need I Say More?
4	Nice, simple, easy and cheap! Exactly what I wanted! I went into Sears Outlet to find a new dishwasher for my new house! The sales rep that greeted us at the door, was very friendly, informative, nice and quick! I told her exactly what I wanted and she was able to find me a brand new black dishwasher on their online store, for under $300! Cant beat that! With free home delivery! YES PLEASE!!!Sears called me to verify appointment time for drop off and hall away. The tehcs called me when they were on their way, were on time, brought the dishwasher right into the kitchen, I signed and they left! Very nice and friendly!Very happy with this store from the beginning to end! I will definitely be going back here, if I need anything else for my house! :D
1	DO NOT I repeat DO NOT purchase from this store. I purchased a Sears Kenmore dryer from this store on March 12th. Did not want to pay  $85 to $90 dollars for delivery so we decided to pick the dryer up the next day. On March 13 we rented a truck ($40.00) picked up the dryer and all was good. Used the dryer during the day on Friday and by Friday night the dryer stopped working.  Called the Sears Outlet store on N Val Vista Dr in Gilbert, AZ and they said we needed to call repair. Called repair, was on hold 30 min and decided to try online chat. Reached an online representative who was just awful. The only appointment I could get was on the 24 of March. I asked if I could be put on a cancellation list, shE responded "we don't have a cancelation list".  At this point I am so frustrated I just took the March 24 appointment. March 24th came and no one came. I called repair and they said my appointment is on the 27th. I became angry explained my conversation in the repair chat and he said all he could do was put me on a cancelation list. Now it has been 10 days since we were last able to use the dryer and suddenly there is a cancelation list. Yes please put me on the cancelation list. I explained I was told there was no cancelation list and the supervisor I am now speaking with says only supervisors can can put customers on a cancelation list. Wow then maybe she should have told me to call and I could have spoken to a supervisor. Fine we wait 3 more days. 8am on the 27th the repair man comes and states the motor is bad and a fan was bad. He had the motor on his truck but not the fan.  He needs to order the fan and rescheduled for April 10th. This will make 29 days without the dryer. At this point we call the store to find out what they will do. The person who answered the phone said well you should have bought the protection plan. We said This a less than 30 day purchase what does that have to do with it. She said the owners policy is you have to deal with repair. I am so over it. I call corporate file a complaint have very nice case workers but because the rules for the outlet stores  are different than a regular store the have to talk to the store. I get a call back from sear customer solutions and they leave a message and tell me the dryer has to break down 4 times in one year and in order to authorize a return, and since the dryer has only had 1 service issue they can't authorize a return.  Monday I called customer solutions and spoke to a very nice agent who listened to my question which was "Why will this store not honor there own return policy which is a 30 day return policy"? The agent will call me back after she calls the store. Got a message later that day and was told that the store was not answering their phone. In my mind I realize this store is playing a game and will make the time expire so I am stuck with this crappy dryer. I am so sick of hearing "I understand, I would be frustrated too. It is starting to sound like a script. No one has even asked what can they do for me. It is always what their going to do. With this experience I will never buy anything at Sear again. By the way I was a Sears girl all the way down to my sewing machine and car repair. I AM OVER IT!April 8, 2014 repair came and said the mount is off and would need to order the part. He rescheduled the appointment for for April 11' 2014.Received a message today April 9th and the message said to call repair back. After work I called repair and got some idiot. I entered in all necessary phone prompts and was finally transferred to a repair person. She said how can I help you. I said I am returning your call. She said OK. The she said how can I help you? I said I am returning your call.  She then said how can I help you. I said what part of I am returning your fxxxing call don't you understand. I then said transfer me to a supervisor. She said I can't transfer you until you give me some information. At this point I am so angry I said I am giving you nothing. Transfer me to a supervisor which she would not do so I hung up and called back. Got someone else who transferred me to a dip. After 22.15 minutes I was connected to a supervisor. The supervisor told me the part was on back order and he didn't know when the part would be in. He said I could go to the store and return the dryer.sI explained enough. You have the store come pick up this fxxxing dryer and I will purchase else where.I explained I am not spending another dime on this dryer. You have the store come pick it up. Suddenly he can't help me and I am transferred to the customer care blue ribbon team. Spoke to that representative  who said I can understand your frustration and will not take what you say personally. At this point I am so angry I am shaking. She then said my case worker will need to contact the store. I said the store is not answering her and when she calls the don't answer their phone.I am out of characters and unable to post more.
1	If you shop here, they will harass you everyday with early morning phone calls trying to sell you warranties?? My elderly parents bought some crappy washer and dryer from here and everyday since, they have called early in the morning. If you wake somebody up and they hang up on you, wouldn't you get the point that they are not interested? Apparently not at Sears where they continue to call everyday. If they call me one more time about a warranty promotion that I refused 14 times already, I'm going to file harassment charges.
5	I had a few problems with a washer, first with size (my fault) and then with a machine that didn't work (not my fault). In working with the manager Manny, he and an associate delivered my new washer on their own time. Very much appreciated.
