1	We gave this restaurant a second chance this evening after having an unpleasant experience during lunch time. My fiance grandmother ordered a blarney hamburger and my fiance ordered chili. We waited for a extended period of time to receive our food. When grandma asked where is our food the waiter said " Well there is only 1 cook . He returned a minute later with their food. Grandma order was wrong. She asked for coleslaw instead of fries but got fries. My fiance asked for sour cream with his chili and cheese on the side, however he got cheese on it and no sour cream. I ordered an Irish brownie delight and at this moment a Still waiting for it to be delivered. The problem with this location is the staff. You can hear the staff in the back. Responding to the game and not getting the food made. There is only one person on the wait staff. This was there second chance and we will not be returning again. The name says it all" foolery" if you go.
3	Pulled pork sandwich good. Luv the french fries. Ribeye just OK. Only 1 server in restaurant so service a little slow but real nice people. Restaurant is separated from bar by glass so not Smokey at all. I would say worth a try
1	Went last night with my gf to have a drink and gamble a little bit. I guess the GM's were there behind the bar. They checked our ID's and verified we were old enough to be there. They then have the nerve to diprespect me and my gf by calling us kids. I told him not to do that and he then continues to do so. So I called him short stuff because he was a stumpy little piece of shit.
5	This restaurant/ bar is really amazing.  The first time we went, we had some of the best corned beef and cabbage ever.  Since then, we have tried numerous things on the menu and have never been dissapointed.  In fact, they have unbelievable prime rib on Friday nights!The bartenders/servers/managers are friendly and the atmosphere is comfrotable.  Tuesday nights there is even live music!  This place is tucked back in the corner of the Lowe's shopping center- but is a rare treasure in Henderson!
5	Well, despite all the negative reviews of this place, I actually REALLY enjoyed it!I came here with my cousin on a Tuesday night because she lives close and knows the bar tender. Her name was Brittany (I believe) and she was the sweetest bar tender, not to mention easy on the eyes! We did some gambling and got all kinds of delicious drinks! She's a big Keno player, and I stick to the video blackjack: which for the record, not many bars have video black jack you can play for a quarter. So big plus in my book for that!The entertainment was this kid named Jeremiah who could play anything from Dave Matthews, to Doobie Brothers and some songs he wrote on his on. Kind of a one man band, playing all acoustic guitar. I requested some country at the end of the night (CHICKEN FRIED - ZAC BROWN BAND) and he said he had never played that song... BUT STILL could play the chorus... Really impressive!All-in-all, this place was very enjoyable, and would absolutely come back, especially on Tuesday nights when that Jeremiah kid plays! Come for the gambling, stay for the entertainment!
2	Pretty much a sports bar with some slight nod to the Irish. They do in fact have corned beef and cabbage, which we both ordered. Apparently they put everything on a plate and microwave it. The corned beef was dry and barely warm and the cabbage wouldn't even melt the whipped butter they gave us.There was one other couple in the dining room who were having hamburgers. The burgers looked pretty good, but he left half of his and she left most of hers so maybe not.
1	A bunch of crooks! Mangers included! FINISHING my review 8-29-2013 Food was greasy, just like the bartender who asked me if I wanted any pills. WTF? I walked out!
3	This place is small and dark. The service is fine, the food is almost always really good. The salads are huge. Actually portions are on the generous side providing you have a cook who isn't stingy that day. Quality and service can vary by the employees but for the most part it's a nice casual place. A local sit down and talk kinda place.The bar and gambling are partitioned off so the dining room is like its own little restaurant. Much better than the other choices in the area. And look in the papers for their coupons to save yourself some cash.
