4	The Improv Comedy Club at The Waterfront is the best comedy club in Pittsburgh because there is only one other one and this one gets more famous comedians. I go there just about every other week.Pros: Great comedians all year round! The food/drinks are very good and the wait staff is wonderful! The Improv is a great venue for upcoming and new comedians, I always see new, local talent opening for national comedians. In one show you will see 1-2 local comedians, and 1-2 national touring comedians. The Improv has a nice environment inside with general admission seating (first come, first serve). The EMAIL LIST is essential in order to receive free ticket packages and perks, as well as reminders of upcoming comedians!Cons: Prices can be steep (it is expensive/difficult to be a regular). Food and Drinks are not cheap (no specials). Expect to pay $15- $40 for tickets depending on the headliner with a two item minimum. Waiting in line before the shows wouldn't be bad if you weren't forced to stand outside in any and all weather conditions. If it is raining and you'd like a good seat, you will pay the price. Overall: This 21+ venue is a great place to spend a night out with friends or loved ones. You may buy tickets in advance online/phone or buy your tickets at the box office at the location. I highly recommend joining the mailing list to receive free tickets! Check the calendar for upcoming shows and open mic nights during the week! Support local comedy, and enjoy The Improv at the Waterfront!
3	Good club for a good laugh. High food prices (most comedy clubs are), 2 item min. The food was less than stellar. I wouldve enjoyed Burger King more. Service was decent, I believe the waiters/waitresses could hustle a little more or the club should hire more waiters/waitresses. I get grouchy when my glass is sitting empty for more than 2 mins.
3	They have good acts coming around here, and often give out free tickets, particularly ine summer. I've never actually paid full price for a ticket here. The two-item minimum is bit bothersome to me though...I don't mind the requirement so much, but the quality isn't good and the prices are high. Our four items total came to about $30 (two appetizers and two beers) and the apps were really nothing to write home about and the servers aren't even very friendly. Also beware...they have a lot of rules here. They won't seat till the whole party is there; if you get dinner reservations everyone in the party HAS to order dinner, automatic gratuity added to the check, etc. etc.The "box office" is also weird...you get your tickets at this window complete with microphone and slide-under slot...then you walk into the club and the box office is completely open and the workers are just sitting right there, so I don't get the whole hoopla with the window.All in all though, the seats are comfy enough, the atmosphere is pretty nice, and the acts are good.
4	I always enjoy a good comedy club and though I'm a loyal Helium fan, I gotta give props to the Improv near Pittsburgh. They chose a great location, with surrounding restaurants of all genres and fun bars and shopping. We bought tickets to see a comedian I had never heard of (he was decent) for $25 each with a two item purchase minimum. I really dislike that rule but you can't really get around it. The only thing I didn't like, aka hated, was having to wait in line outside before the show started. It was freeeeezing! They should put heaters outside. seriously.
3	Came here to see Charlie Murphy. Parking was nightmare. I would expect nothing less on a Saturday night.The 15 minute wait to get inside was torture. They need to implement a system where if you purchased tickets in advance you don't have to wait outside. Once inside you we were seated pretty quickly.Seating is first come first serve.The Server was pretty quick to take our orders. I misread the menu description and didn't realize my BBQ sandwich came with cheese.  I don't eat cheese, and had send my order back. The waiter was gracious and returned with my modified order in about 15 minutes. I've never heard of throwing cheese pulled pork sandwich, maybe it's a northern thing. We got our checks quickly, and without issue.
3	I'm HUGE SNL fan, so naturally if someone who's been in the cast is touring, I'll come here to see them. Some have been really great...Jim Breuer. Some have been (surprisingly) very bad....Tracy Morgan. But it's always been a pleasant experience at the venue.  There's not a bad seat in the house and it's small enough that you get to see and hear everything from the stage.  Beware if you sit in the very front, you KNOW what's going to happen!A couple downsides.... Waiting outside in a line in the dead of winter.  The lobby is so small you're forced to wait outside until the first show starts or the first show let's out.  And if you want a good seat, you may be waiting in line for a while.  BURR!The two drink minimum. I kinda get why they do it, to make money, of course. But this means they jack up the prices of watered down drinks. Better to stick with beer and wine at these places. No frou frou drinks for me! Also, as to be expected, the food's not that great. In a perfect foodie world, places that served food would make it fantastic! Since that's not going to happen, you just go into those places hoping for the best. I've never had anything great here. Nacho platter too many re fried beans, to little nacho's....annnnnd I'm out! So what did we learn here? Good venue, stick to beer and wine and eat at a better restaurant beforehand. The talent is really what you're there for so, enjoy the show!
3	I've been here twice now, and like the others you really only come to Improve Comedy Club for the show. Very reasonably priced for shows  though they have the two item minimum so would suggest they all be drinks.The food leaves little to be desired. We decided for the sake of time to grab dinner at the venue since the show started at 7. Having a free appetizer coupon we ordered the spinach and artichoke dip along with the sauteed grilled chicken. Spinach and artichoke dip was good though cheesy rich along with cheese sprinkled on top of the chips. Sauteed grilled chicken - hmmm.... I think the chicken was frozen - definitely not fresh - and the guacamole was artificial with a glop of cheese. It looked like a mess with big ole pile of fries. A lot of food for $10. Service has always been pleasant though they do automatically tack on the tip for you at 18%.
3	There's nothing like a Saturday night filled with some good laughs, a few chuckles and a couple of good guffaws thrown in for good measure.  That's exactly what we enjoyed on Saturday night!We hit the comedy club for an evening of Tammy Pescatelli - the hubby and I have enjoyed her routine on TV and on the occasional DVE morning show..  She didn't fail to give us a good evening of laughs!  The big surprise, was Gene Collier - yep, of the Post-Gazette sports writer fame - as the opener.  What a great opening act!  He cracked wise about the perils of being 58 and a baby boomer.  We could relate!The sightlines were lacking.  There was a rather large woman at the table in front of us with massive Pittsburgh BIG HAIR.  All night long my own head bobbed from side to side as I attempted to actually watch the show, and not just listen to it, as she reached repeatedly and unceasingly for her tableful of snacks.  With a 2 drink minimum, my first drink was weak and the 2nd was quite strong!  All in all, the two balanced each other out.  But then, you don't go for the drinks, do you?  An enjoyable evening!
3	Tom Green was appearing here on Jan 22, 2012. He was hilarious. The Improv is an excellent comedy club, in past shows I've seen Jim Krenn, Margaret Cho, Billy Elmer, and so many more I forget. Much like Live from the Improv on TV, the brick back drop makes it feel like the NYC Improv. Hint: eat elsewhere, the food isn't so great, have an appetizer until you get to another restaurant, most comedians head over to the Rock Bottom after to imbibe. Dave Attell is a regular at both places. Two drink minimum, drink them slow and go elsewhere after the show.
3	Decent, clean (as far as I could sense in the dim)... about on par for what you'd expect for a higher-end comedy club.  That includes the $10/drink, two-drink minimum, automatic 18% gratuity, and the comic spouting out the obligatory, "don't forget to tip your waitress."Trying to judge the place on its own merits and not on the entertainment value of the comics.  (If the latter, since we were here for Frank Caliendo, I'd have given the place the full 5 stars if only for him alone!)Total cash bled out of my pocket brought it down from what could have been a 4-star experience for us.  $80 for tickets online included $10 "service fee" and tax (we had to: this was a sold out show).  Add $25 for drinks, gratuity, and more tax.  We're talking 3-digits of $$$ for less than 2 hours of entertainment squeezed in between other patrons and glass-wielding servers while you sit on rickety chairs.  That's what a headliner act will cost ya!Will you see us here again?  Probably... but cost makes it unlikely to be a weekly thing for us.
1	My friends & I all purchased Groupons  for the Pittsburgh Improv on or around March 22nd, 2012. At that time, only a few big name comedians were listed on the Improv's website as Special Events. You can use the Groupon on anything that isn't a Special Event. That seemd reasonable. The day the Groupons were purchased, my friend Katrina called & reserved two tickets to Jim Jeffries for 3/30 at 10pm. They allowed her to use her Groupon & gave her a confirmation code & everything! Shortly after, they changed many of the comedians on their website, including Jim Jeffries, to Special Events. When I called I was told I could not use my Groupon. The same thing happened to many of my friends. It's a classic bait & switch. These comedians were NOT Special Events until after the Groupon came out. In addition, other restrictions, such not being able to use the Groupons on Saturdays & having to use the additional four vouchers for one show, were NOT listed under the restrictions when the Groupon was for sale. So tonight, my friends & I had pretty much resolved ourselves to the fact that we were not going to the Improv because they wouldn't allow us to use our Groupons. But I walked over to the Will Call window with my friend Katrina so she could at least get her tickets. Big surprise - she was told they didn't have her reservation or her name in their computers! They wouldn't give her the tickets. It's an absolute joke of a deal. How is everyone going to use their Groupons by Sept. if all of the shows are Special Events now? In addition, no one at the Improv answers the phones or responds to emails. My friends & I (about 10 of us total) are all getting refunds through Groupon and/or our credit card companies & we are all reporting the Improv to the Better Business Bureau, etc. The Pittsburgh Improv is extremely shady & does not care about their customers.
4	You know that place where you've never gone, then you go, then you're going all the time? Well the Improv for me is one of these places.I am thankful to have a venue to see some of my favorite comedians.  Most recently I saw Hannibal Burris, Tommy Johnigan and Doug Benson. All three performances were a hooting good time. On Saturday afternoon at 2:20pm I went to see Doug Benson I was accompanied by my boyfriend. You may know Doug Benson from the hit documentary "Super High Me."Ok so: PROS Wonderfully talented comedians Clean bathrooms Pretty wait staff has Coors Light on tap ( 5.75 per draft) Every seat in the house is a good seat Cons:Expensive drinksExpensive food Flavorless food Dirty silverware Far from my house Mayo with french fries Any way, I have enjoyed all my visits to the Waterfront.  I can certainly see myself seeing more shows at the Improve.  The club is well maintained and the wait staff is friendly. Bring a lot of money with you, you're going to need it. I don't know if it's true everywhere but at this Improve there is are 2 item person, minimum order requirement.  They served us warm Mayo with our fries, what is this Holland!!! That sh*t was gross. It was both gross and also unusual.Anyhow to catch a comedy show at the Improve is a pleasure.
2	The place does what it does best - Comedy.  The food, however.  Blah.First off, If you go to a show, please note there is a two item per person minimum.  This means that from their extensive menu of overpriced bar food and drinks, you are REQUIRED to choose two items each.    Second, the sodas are NOT FREE REFILLS!  I learned that one the hard way.  Get water. Third, before tipping your server, please make sure she hasn't already taken her cut out.  Even after paying for two very bland, overpriced meals and way too many Diet Cokes, I thought that my bill was rather high.  Upon further inspection, I noticed that my server had taken an 18% gratuity.  The menu explicitly says that an automatic gratuity will be taken out for parties of six or more, but there was only two of us and we weren't even drunk.  I found this tactic awfully presumptuous and left her tip at the 18% even though I typically tip well over 20%.    Overall, I don't like the idea of being required to purchase food just to see a comedy show.  I can see why they do it, but if I were required to buy a crappy popcorn and overpriced pop every time I went to the movies, I would be far less inclined to go as I am not inclined to go to the Improv again.
2	The Pittsburgh Improv is unfortunately another great idea hamstrung by the details of mediocre execution (some specific examples at the end).The setup is nice, a delightful--if a bit sterile--reproduction of what you'd think a comedy club should like if you watch enough TV.  The interior is clean; the seats are comfortable; and it's an OK atmosphere to see a show and laugh.It's too small, however, to attract many of the best acts, which limits its ability to ever become the central hub for Pittsburgh comedy.  Most of the big names that have recently come through Pittsburgh--Jim Gaffigan, Louis CK, Second City--all perform elsewhere (though they managed to get Bob Saget, to their credit).But the biggest problem is the food and drink.  They're very up front about their mandatory two item minimum, but the forced service requires that you spend extra money and get interrupted by waitstaff at least several times during the show.  The prices are well above what I'd consider reasonable given the quality, and I'd begrudgingly--or even happily--just shrug off the cost the same way I would a stadium concession stand markup...but the food is bad.  You're forced to either (a) buy extremely overpriced drinks (3.50 for a soda, for example, with no refills--or ten dollars for one with refills), or (b) buy moderately overpriced food which you wouldn't want in the first place.  I thought the ten dollar chicken sandwich looked reasonable, until a few bites in I decided I'd rather just throw away the money than keep eating it.Still, I think this place has a lot of potential; the core idea is very workable; and they do attract some really good comedians.  Two stars for now, with high hopes for improvements.A few specific drawbacks which could be VERY easily fixed:1 - A lot of the drinks didn't have prices on them.  I know this isn't uncommon, but at a venue where every question you ask interrupts not only your own show-viewing experience as well as the experiences of your neighbors, it's an incredibly poor decision here.  Make everything on the menu exceptionally clear.  It's not that hard.2 - Put the drink prices on the website too.  An Improv representative has personally responded to many of these Yelp reviews, and she once said "Our menus and pricing are listed on our website, which makes for easy planning!"  I'm calling shenanigans.  Not all the prices are on the website, which makes for difficult planning.3 - Reminding me to tip my server during the show AND adding an automatic gratuity to the check makes me feel like you're trying to trick me.  It's kind of an unprofessional way to say goodbye to one's customers.4 - Since the $3.50 soft drinks don't come with free refills, the servers shouldn't ask "would you like a refill on that?" or anything of the sort.  They should ask "would you like another one?" instead.  They should also respond to requests for refills by saying "we don't offer refills, but I'd be happy to get you another one."  Just because there's a 10 dollar refillable soda option on the menu doesn't mean people all figure it out.  Most patrons don't even bother reading the beverage section of the menu if all they want is a standard beverage offered almost everywhere (like a cola or diet cola), and the reading difficulties imposed by the darkness make them even less likely to browse the offerings.
3	I love the Improv. I think its a great way to start or spend a night! Nothing like a laughter filled night. I think its great that we get so many great comedians coming our way (Owen Benjamin, Pablo Francisco super funny Tammy Pescatelli not so much.)Things you should be aware of: The staff is really strict on the 2 drink minimum so be prepared to spend money on the pricey food and drinks. I kinda wish their menu was a little bit more extensive. Their service is spottyThe wait staff is a little iffy. I have been here MANY times and sometimes I get an attentive waitress and sometimes not. Most recently our waitress was rude, didn't bother with pleasantries and barely took notice of us. Also beware of the fact they automatically add gratuity. If our waitress was nice I would be more than glad to add to it but this time I was like no way!p.s. when I used my groupon I didn't have any trouble
2	My husband and I went to do something fun. The comedy was great!  The food, however, is mediocre at best. In addition, we were seated in the last row, and 10 minutes into the headliner they sat someone else at our table, so that they were in front of us. I could not see a thing. When we received our check, they had added an 18% gratuity without permission or notification.  I will not be returning anytime soon.
3	Who doesn't love to laugh? The improv is a great place to go for a good show a few times a year. The venue is clean. The comedians are good, for the price, and many times you get a steal and can see a great comedian for a low price (i.e.Tommy Johnagin). However, be advised, if you attend more than one show every couple of months, you will see some of the same opening acts repeated. This is my biggest gripe with the Improv. I've been to the Improv about 3 times over the past 4 months and have seen the same opening acts a few times. I think they cycle through the same 4-5 comedians. Are there not more talented comedians in Pittsburgh? As noted in other reviews, another area of improvement is the drinks and food. I always attend the late showing so that I can eat elsewhere. The food is mediocre bar food at best. Nothing more needs to be said about that. I definitely don't mind the two drink minimum. I've been known to consume more than two drinks in one setting but, the drinks are insanely overpriced. $5 for a Miller Lite, $4 for a Snapple, $10 for a fountain drink with refills. You're better off having your two drinks during the show and going over the Sing Sing after for a draft .  . or four. In addition, since they started offering a large Groupon discount, the Improv has been packed. Be aware that if you only have two people in your party, they may seat strangers at your table who are 6 feet tall and block your view.
3	Spent New Years Eve at the Comedy Club to bring the new year.I am new but it was a good time.   We had unlimited champagne, fruit and cheese.   The comedy was good.The service was great.The atmposhere was okay but it was a comedy clud :-).   You should check it out - Comedy clubs bring a little spice to the city :-)Enjoy!
4	This was my second visit to the club and it was still a blast. My girlfriends bought tickets for John Witherspoon for my bachelorette. We were all looking forward to it and it was hilarious! He was wonderful. The servers were fantastic. They always came back to check in on us and make sure we had plenty to eat and drink. I suggest the Pink Cadillac for a drink as well as the cheese cake and chocolate cake for dessert. The only reason it isn't 5 stars is because they had us wait an hour past the time we were to enter the building. We were to see the 9pm showing so the doors were to open at 8:45pm. They came out and explained that the show had run over and we wouldn't be able to even enter the building until 9:20pm. It was 28 degrees outside. We finally were able to enter the building, order drinks then the show finally started at 9:45pm.  The host did offer a blanket apology which was nice but hardly made up for the fact the show started almost an hour late.
4	I have been here twice in the last month. It's a pretty great time. My first visit, the service was pretty poor and the food was cold by the time it got to the table. We had to sit all the way in the back and the comedian was not that good (although that is no fault of the club). But when I went to the second show, the service was much improved. The burger I ordered was fantastic and warm. Our waitress kept the drinks coming without interrupting us while the comedian was on stage. We were also able to sit in the front this time and it was a great experience. I'll be going back soon!
4	Good! I can't comment on the food or the bathrooms, but from what experienced it was great! The drinks were decent, and I  believe you must order two items at minimum. The staff is quick, but they should have more people working on a Saturday night. Before you can ask for anything else they bolt to the next table or to the kitchen.The comics we saw were funny as well. Will definitely go back!
3	I love that we have a great comedy club in Pittsburgh with a great location at the Waterfront.  Perfect for a date night and I recommend going to a later show and grabbing dinner beforehand.  I received an online coupon code for $5 tickets for John Heffron. What a deal-def. check for deals before you pay full price for any shows here.  We went early to pick up the tickets at the ticket office.  People were lined up outside about an hour before the show and it was freezing out.  I had no interest in doing this so we grabbed a beer across the street at Rock Bottom. Once they opened the doors (15 minutes before show time) the line went quickly and even though we were at the end we still got seated at a table in the back.  It is not huge inside so there aren't really any bad seats.  They usually have an MC for the night who starts  warming up the crowd. This guy was funny and so was the opening act before John Heffron.  My only complaint about this place is that they have a two drink minimum and the prices are outrageous.  $9.50 for a mixed well drink and $7 for draft beers.  The soda was $3.50! Yikes!  At least we didn't pay full price for the tickets.
4	I was so excited when my husband gave me tickets to go here to see funny man Bill Crawford, part of the DVE morning show for those of you who never heard of him.  That is funny because as I was telling people about going it became clear there are A LOT of people that haven't... Oh Well... Let me mention this was my first time there.So I was warned in advance of the possible long waits outside and the two item minimum.  Well to my pleasant surprise there was no wait, walked right in, greeted, an usher showed us to our seats and we waited less than 5 minutes to be asked for our order.  This was nice.  I will say that the show started at 8pm, and we were there by 7:20 or so.  There were already people seated so we were by no means very early, and heck there were people with full course meals and tables of 10.  The price of the mixed drinks were not disclosed on the menu, leading me to believe that it may leave me short for the mortgage next month, but they did have a 60 minute dogfish head IPA for $6.00.  Now that may seem rather expensive and it is, but doable so I indeed did it... My husband got a domestic and it was between 4-5 bucks.  We opted not to eat there, as we were going to Rock Bottom after wards and I will get to that review later...So the show was good.  There were moments that I think the comedians may have went off track and were just bantering, but luckily enough they rebound and got back to making everyone laugh instead of being uncomfortable.  There were a total of 4 comedians, the MC, and two opening acts for Crawford.  I actually really enjoyed them.  The one or two things I didn't like about the place.  The bathrooms are in the lobby.  As this seems normal there is no separate area to enter back into the room without having to make your way through people who are waiting to be seated... This was/is stupid.  I was actually nervous that they were going to stop me and ask for my ticket which they safely secured at my first entrance.  The same also goes for smoking.  Since we were so early I took a break and it was again awkward reentering.  Maybe they need to have some type of system to get around this.  A stamped hand?  A ticket stub?  Not sure but I know I would have felt better unlike feeling like I was sneaking into the place.  I would definitely return to the Improv.  I just hope I always have a rather positive experience!
1	It isn't often that my wife and I get to go out, but we had tickets to see the WONDERFUL Lisa Landry and figured since we were going to the Improv, we may as well eat there too. I should have gotten on here and read the reviews before making that decision. We had what seems to be a typical experience at the improv. We were handed a paper menu with 4 items on it when we walked in the door. There was no other menu at the table and our waitress didn't offer us one either. She wanted our order, but as we were looking around the place, we realized that most of those around us were eating items that not on the menu provided to us. When asked about another menu, our waitress told us if we give her our drink order, she'll see what she can do. The table next to us handed over their menus so we had something to work with. Our drinks came, we finally put our orders in...and that was the last time we saw our waitress for almost a full 30 minutes. When she finally came back, all she wanted was to know if we wanted a 2nd round of drinks. After 30 minutes I was finally going to get a second beer! "What about our food?", we asked. "Oh", was her answer. Now, according to the menu, dinner came with a side salad, a complimentary glass of champagne, and a chocolate mousse dessert. That's all good and fine. After a couple of minutes, someone, not our waitress, finally brought out our meals. When we asked him about our salads, his reply was "do you want me to take your food back?". Really?!?! "Do you want me to take your food back?" After almost 45 minutes at this point, we had received 1 round of drinks and had seen our waitress only twice and had just received our food. No, I don't want you to take our food back! Halfway through eating our meals, which were by this time cold, our waitress finally came back with our second beers. She asked us how everything was. We asked about our salads. She said she was told we didn't want them. REALLY?!?! Is this a joke? Is it somehow part of the comedy routine that was going on? Sadly, no. The service didn't get any better. The food was lousy. Thankfully the standup was great. Lisa, Lisa and Matt all put on a hilarious show. Will I ever go back? Don't know. It took us an hour and a half to drive the 16 miles to get there, thanks to traffic. I do know that if we do it again, we will leave the house much earlier and eat somewhere else. The two drink minimum works at the improv because you will not get your waitress to your table more than that to order more drinks. In case you're interested, I am a chef who has been in the service industry for more than 30 years and worked every position possible in restaurants and bars. So, yes, I do have a preconceived notion as to how service and food should be. Even on Valentine's Day.
3	My husband and I love going to comedy shows and have seen some pretty good acts at the Improv. Ticket prices aren't bad either. I am very particular about where I sit, and the person who seats you is willing to let you sit where you choose, especially if it's on a Thursday or Sunday night, since those aren't particularly busy nights.I did have one bad experience, which is why I'm giving this review 3 stars instead of 4 (it only takes one poor experience, people!). My husband and I went to see one of our favorite comedians on a Thursday night. There is a two-item minimum, so we decided we would just eat dinner at the show. Well, we were mistaken. First of all, our waitress was rude and slow. After sitting there for 5 or 6 minutes without service she finally comes over and asks what we want. We both order a drink and food, to which she tells us that the kitchen caught on fire earlier that day so all they have are salads and desserts. I was annoyed that she even asked what we wanted instead of starting out with this important fact.At any rate, I order a Caesar salad and a beer. It comes out and it's iceburg lettuce with shredded cheese, tomatoes, and other veggies. In other words, a regular salad. I inform the waitress of this and she seemed totally confused. I suppose she did not understand the difference, which was odd. Overall, I felt that there was no apology for the fact we couldn't eat, let alone everyone else in the place. Salad or dessert aren't the greatest choices when you are expecting to eat dinner at the show. I think the Improv should have waived the two-item minimum on this occasions, even if it cost them money. Afterwards, I emailed the Improv with my concerns. Never. Heard. Back.That being said, I will most likely return to the Improv....but not for the service. Because it's a great place to see comedy shows and isn't that expensive. Customer service is terrible.
4	I went here for the first time the other night and had a great time!  The comedian was hilarious and it was a great intimate setting for a fun night out with friends!  My only complaint was that it was a little pricey for the overall experience because not only do you need to buy a ticket, but every person needs to buy 2 items of food/drink and the drinks aren't cheap (around $10-12).  However, I would definitely go back sometime!
4	Wast there last Friday. Seats right in front if the stage. The show was good. The headliner, while a bit long, was good. Fantastic service from our waitresses. Will definitely go back.
3	If The Improv chain didn't bring in such amazing comedians, this place would be totally screwed. I always have fun watching the comedians, but I can't help but leave with such a bitter taste in my mouth from how much of a rip off this place is.First you buy the tickets, but if you buy online you have an outrageous service charge. The real kicker is having to buy a minimum of 2 items during the show, beers are $5 or $6 and the cheapest things on the menu, I believe. Cocktails are $11-$13. I think glasses of wine are around $8. There is a pretty good selection of food options. The improv does have a lot of great comedians who pass through! Even the opening acts are generally great! Line up early if you want a great seat right in the front! The point is, a night at the Improv will be fun, but if you aren't prepared for it, it can end up being a pretty unexpectedly and unreasonably expensive affair.
5	Great night out.  I don't know if Christopher Titus set the ticket price or the club did, but at $25 a ticket, we will be going back often.  Great line up of top name acts coming to town.  extremely nice staff. highly recommend.
4	Absolutely loved it at the Improv! I saw Sheryl Underwood and she was fantastic. It was my first time being at the Improv. After years of saying that I wanted to go, it really did meet my expectations! The ambiance is inviting, with warm lighting and a good amount of seating for a smaller place. We were 8th in line so we had good choice of seating, though we were encouraged to fill the seats in the front by the stage first. The seating is layered in tiers. Each tier has a long booth with tables and chairs for seating. It was very comfortable, roomy and an interactive set up. The stage is close to the seating (some tables are right at the stage) with little space between you and the comedian, which made it very interactive and fun. We arrived at the Improv around 9:45 pm for a show that started at 10:30 pm, with doors opening at 10:00 pm. We waited in line until the doors opened at about 10:15-10:20 pm, so they were really behind schedule. The show started around 10:45 pm with two opening comedians before the main act. The show was over around 1:00 am. The only negatives were that the staff was not very friendly and immediately told me that I have to buy a minimum of two items off of the menu. ($30/ticket isn't enough?) I was not hungry and did not want to drink, so this was a bit frustrating, especially because it wasn't disclosed on the ticket or anywhere else. The server did not hold us to the 2 minimum purchase requirement and my friend and I got away getting 3 drinks for the night. The food menu looked great and the prices seemed reasonable, though if you want water you are looking at $5 for Fiji or sparkling. It was $8 for a glass of wine. $11 for bottomless soda, complete with a take home Improv glass. The other thing that I didn't like was that an employee takes your tickets while you're waiting in line and marks your hands with a dry erase marker. After one bathroom trip, the mark was gone, so I think they need a more effective way to mark you as an already paid customer since the employee takes your proof of purchase. These negatives did not affect my overall experience negatively and I would most certainly go back! It is a fun place where you are guaranteed to have a good time with a lot of laughter!
