5	I might be a make-believe coffee aficionado, but this place hits the mark when it comes to quality espresso drinks.  I visited the Not Just Coffee Shop this morning at the recommendation of a friend who staffs the  prayer center next door.  Its a hidden gem and I'll tell you why: Located in Area 15 (across from the spooky unfinished condos @ 15th and N. Davidson St.), this "hole in the wall" coffee house could be easily missed.  I walked in and was greeted by the owner/barista.  I ordered my default latte and got a work of art!  He made a ripple effect on the surface of the latte with espresso, how do they do that?  The espresso is smooth, not watered down with milk like at Starschumcks.  The atmosphere is classic NoDa; a little divey but trendy.  There may have been about 3 stools and a small bookshelf with Reader's Digest condensed classics--classy I tell you!  The two other patrons were obviously regulars.  I felt instantly at ease.  If you're looking for a personable experience and good coffee, I think the Not Just Coffee Shop is the real deal.
5	Finally, a good coffee shop in Charlotte.There are, of course, other places to get warm drinks, find a couch and use Facebook; oops, I mean do some work. Those places tend to serve bitter, burned coffee that needs gallons of milk, syrup and chocolate to make it tasty. This isn't one of those places.Instead, James and Brad have established a true coffee shop, one where the quality of coffee is paramount. Whether you order an espresso drink or a pour over (handmade drip coffee), you can be confident that it's the best of its kind in Charlotte. They'll even add latte art and good conversation for free.Most people don't realize that coffee is a sweet drink. Ultimately it's a fruit, so just like wine and chocolate, coffee takes on complex flavors based on where and how its grown and processed. The folks over at Not Just Coffee understand this and will work to deliver those flavors as best they can. These aren't bitter or "strong" coffees; they're bright, sweet and tasty.Living in the SF Bay Area I became spoiled by the artisan roasters and coffee culture in the area. Moving to Charlotte I was sad to see a complete wasteland when it came to good coffee, and Not Just Coffee has changed that. Now I can finally get a proper cup outside of my home. They serve Counter Culture beans, some of the most famous artisan coffee in the country. It's roasted daily over in Durham so you know the beans are fresh, not some months-old bag of stale dust that's hauled in on a semi truck.I can't speak for anything else they sell, though as the name indicates they have not just coffee but tea, chocolates, etc. That said, go there and order a cappuccino. It may very well be the best coffee you've ever had. You can thank me later.PS - Though the area around Area 15 looks dumpy due to the unfinished condos across the street, stick around. There's plenty of street parking and the shop is a great place to hang out.
5	You can tell when you order something in a restaurant and it is prepared with love.  I joke and say this, but for real, you can tell when someone prepares your cocktails, food or coffee like they are making it for themselves.  Man, oh, man, I had possibly one of the best lattes I've ever had.  It was perfection. The perfect temperature, the milk was creamy and the espresso was not just sitting on the bottom and friendly, sincere service.  I heart this coffee shop.
5	James introduced me to the "pour over." the best iced coffee I've ever had with counter culture coffee. The place is quaint and has so much personality. It's a great place if you're into specialty coffee for sure. Really stoked about heading back really soon. The only coffee shop in the NoDa area, in my opinion.
5	I'm going to K.I.S.S. (keep it short & simple) and just say this place is a haven for those who yearn for and appreciate a true neighborhood coffee shop that knows what it's doing. They serve quality products: Counter Culture Coffee, Taza organic stone ground chocolate, Rishi Tea, and as of last week, pastries made in town. The baristas - James & Brad - are amiable and knowledgeable without coming off as pretentious coffee czars as is the case with some Charlotte shops that will remain nameless. It's one of those wonderful gems you want to keep to yourself but also show off to everyone on your friends list (^^)
5	Come here with 15 minutes to spare and be rewarded for your patience with a latte that rivals Stumptown's. At long last, we've earned a proper coffee shop. A lone cast iron table sits out front, so you can double-sin - delicious, full fat steamed milk moustache and a ciggy simultaneously. An age old tradition. If you want to tip the boys, make sure to bring cash, they can't put it on  your card.
5	Best coffee I have ever had! Who knew coffee didn't have a bitter aftertaste? This is our new weekly stop even though it is way on the other side of town. So worth it.
5	Everything that James W said...seriously. Great place to go if you are looking for an alternative to the chain coffee places you find everywhere. NJC does not have comfy seats, board games, multiple people working behind the bar or any kind of corporate feel. This is a place you go to when you want a coffee that is not only tasty and strong but also art. It's a wonderful yet different feeling of being able to chat it up with the person making your drink. See something on the walls that you dig? Pretty much all the art work is for sale. Go support your local business and find out that it's not just about coffee.PS-Get whipped cream on your drink, it's laced with magical crack. Ok, not really, but it is damn good.
5	Charlotte, this is not some caribou coffee, Starbucks, or McDonalds crap. This is REAL espresso, real lattes, cappuccinos  and employee/baristas  that KNOW what they are doing.   The lattes are made with homemade syrups not some 2 year old flavored simple syrup. The location is not the greatest but well worth the trip. It seems the business is new and they are looking to expand but need the patrons to get it going.Please give this place a chance and you will not be disappointed!!!!
4	James is the man. He pours a mean drip coffee, and he crafts everything with care. This is "Not Just Coffee." He put some real care into this other guy's latte. It was hand poured, shaken, and stirred. Pretty awesome just watching.The brews here are not too expensive, but there is only caffeine offered. A few commercial snacks here and there, but you just drop in, have a seat, and drink. Perhaps even get it to go. I stopped by to grab a tea to go.My Moroccan mint tea was perfectly steeped. It was hot, but not burning; the mint really came through, also.There is limited seating here and nothing to eat, so it may seem a bit minimal, but whatever you drink here will be prepared well. I guarantee it. Check this place out if you want a really cool joe experience in Charlotte. The locals are friendly, and it is always fun to find a hole in the wall.
5	I had a bit of disbelief when I read the first few reviews come in for Not Just Coffee. Could a cozy little shop really serve that much incredible goodness? And I'm happy to report that yes, yes they can. A teeny, tiny little place, Not Just Coffee bangs out one of the best iced lattes I've ever had. Smooth, creamy, bold...perfect. As Tonya says, they really do make it with love. And great milk. And fantastic Counter Culture Coffee. They also care about the community and what's going on around them and that's amazing too. Do yourself a favor and stop it Not Just Coffee for an incredible beverage and some sweet conversation.
4	The coffee is brewed individually, right in front of  you.   This place definitely competes with Starbucks.  It is a tiny coffee shop.  What it lacks in seating, it makes up for in character.  I met James, the owner, he was very friendly and brews a mean cup of coffee.
5	Listen to me very carefully: Caramel Latte. I know what you're thinking. Caramel Lattes are for sissies! Truth. But you haven't had Not Just Coffee's Caramel Latte. I'm an espresso girl all the way but this is the only place I'll get this drink because of the *homemade caramel*. Some of the best coffee in Charlotte, for sure. Their espresso is out of this world and their pour-overs are smooth and rich.
5	I consider myself something of a coffee snob and I am willing to say this place makes some fantastic coffee.  After moving from San Francisco this summer I was concerned I would never be able to find something that even approximated how I feel about Blue Bottle, but they have laid my concerns to rest.  The coffee is a 4, the awesomeness of the employees gets them an extra bonus star.
2	I suffered over the decision to write this review, but I finally decided that it was worth saying.  On a cool morning I walked my dog here from uptown because the allure of almost perfect 5 star reviews was too much to ignore. So, maybe I'm a little bitter that I walked the mile and back with only a Limonata to console me. They don't do decaf here.  I think "We don't have decaf anything" were his words.I can hear some "purists" saying that is not a problem because real coffee has caffeine, decaf is for wimps or is unnatural or whatever.  True as that might be, in my current situation I must restrict caffeine levels.  There might be other people out there who either share my situation, or have a situation of their own.  And dang it, some of us still love the taste of coffee!  Decaf coffee does not have to suck, and Counter Culture does make a decaf roast and a decaf espresso roast.  So.  My rating stands until A) they start serving decaf or B) about oh, March or April of next year when it is safe for me to resume my old caffeine habits and I can come back and be wowed by their probably delicious coffee.
5	I now need to rewrite my review for smelly cat. Smelly cat is just another run of the mill coffee shop compared njc. This is coffee priced well and made with style and love! The drip style has a much better flavor and you really feel like you are getting your moneys worth. When you see people who really know coffee put it together. I don't think i've had better coffee and that goes for everywhere.I really hope Charlotte buys into this gem. If you're up in the area check it out forget about those other coffee shops.
5	I was really really skeptical of this place. I mean seriously how could such a teeny tiny shop bang out such great coffee? Well they kinda met my expectations then blasted them out of the water.The space is pretty cozy and can fit about 6-8 people comfortably I think. But wow really they are meticulous about the preparation of your caffeinated drink of choice. It's like they really do care how it comes out so that you can enjoy it best. I asked for a latte and I got a piece of art that tasted so smooth I didn't even have to add sugar or any of the usual condiments that I would need. If that wasn't enough the super friendly baristas are charming and a ton of fun to talk to.This place is one of the best hidden gems in the city. If you haven't gone yet, you should do yourself a favor and treat yourself to some of their amazing coffee.
5	LOCATION MOVING!!!!Not sure what the details are, but they are moving to the old Reid's.  As soon as I have the facts I will post.From the Not Just Coffee headquarters"Okay so new address is 225 East 7th St. and move in date is sometime around Nov. 10th"
5	Hario pour over, Counter Culture beans, prime location and environment.  must visit!  sit at the bar and have a convo about coffee
5	Excellent coffee for a coffee stand. If you like sitting at a bar or in a massive unfinished space, this is perfect. If you prefer something a bit more comfortable, you may want to move on.Yes, the coffee is truly good. Way better than the sludge from *$ or the reasonably decent brew from Caribou. But I think Dilworth Coffee is smoother and richer. And it's a better experience.If you want a coffee purely for drinking, you can't go wrong with Not Just Coffee. But if you're looking to hang out for a bit, this isn't your place.
5	The space surrounding this coffee bar is a work in progress, but with great potential. The coffee itself is great and the owner, James, is nice guy and a fun person to share a cuppa joe with. He was kind enough to keep me entertained for a couple hours when my bus arrived in town at 7am, and gave me great recommendations on stuff to do in Charlotte. The bbq stand outside is great too. NJC has a nice community feel to it.
5	Having a cup of coffee from this place opened my eyes much like the first time I had good wine after only experiencing the boxed variety.  I used to think coffee without cream or sugar, are you nuts??  Well I drank this cup without any additives and loved every moment.  I think it was the Sumatra?  I also like the location, doing a nice job to fill in the space Reid's left.
5	Best Coffee in Charlotte! Check it out at the 7th Street Public Market.
5	Coffee expressed as art, on a level hard to find elsewhere in Charlotte.  Yes, friends it is that good and if you care at all about the quality of your brew you need to experience it here.Tucked into the old bar space at the recomissioned 7th Street Station, NJC is small but seating is usually ample, especially with the addition of the tables and chairs out in the indoor common space.  Just a couple of baristas and a short but complete menu for coffee and espresso seekers.  Add an iPad that streams a downbeat hipster's playlist and you've got the layout.  Coffee is done via the pour-over method and it is stunning.  I've recently enjoyed the Peruvian La Frontera beans they grind from Counter Culture and can tell you, without hesitation, there really is coffee that does not require cream or milk to have a mellow smoothness that is enjoyable all by itself.  Not only that, but the finish was as complex as it was obvious- notes of dark chocolate, nut, and earth. It was an easy call to make: case of the jitters later for the enjoyment of a second cup now. Espresso drinks were equally crafted with expertise.  Lattes and mochas with art on top, almost too good looking to drink.  Also smooth and complex, without the char or acid taste that comes with some roasts or pulls.  Bottom line: these guys know their stuff and they are bringing it consistently.  Mix one of their drinks with a handmade croissant or other baked goods from the adjacent merchants and that's how mornings get off to a great start.  Only wish I could do it more often.Before balking at the location or lack of front-door parking, do rest assured that customers get 1.5 hours free in the attached 7th Street Deck- validation available inside.  Plus, the light rail literally stops at their (front ?) door.  So glad we have a local merchant bringing the heat (and caffeine) to streets, competeing against the big boys and blowing them away with a focus on quality and craftsmanship.  If that appeals to you at all, make a point to stop in here and let's keep these guys around for a long time to come.
5	New location (inside 7th Street Market), same stellar products and wonderful service! If you park inside 7th Street parking garage they will validate your ticket (for the first 90 minutes). If you take the Lynx, hop off at the 7th St stop and mosey on in. I love the new setup; it is literally a coffee bar: U-shaped with stools around it and the baristas barricaded inside to pour endless cups of pour over coffee, shots of espresso, or tasty teas. No ifs, ands, or buts about it - Not Just Coffee is not just another coffee shop.
5	This is where you go to find serious coffee in Charlotte. The espresso is always excellent and the pour-over single-origin coffees are what keep me coming back. Unpretentious and friendly.
5	It may not be my favorite all around coffee shop in Charlotte, but it offers the best coffee I have had anywhere and I wouldn't have found it without Yelp. I usually go with a cup of coffee, I have never liked cappuccinos but they have it down to perfection. I always look forward to visiting NJC and they have really made me want to visit Counter Culture Coffee!
5	Hands down the best coffee in Charlotte. The baristas are pros. I'm a coffee purist and rarely dabble in foo foo coffee drinks, but their latte is outstanding and I will go again for that alone. This spot is more for drop-ins and chit chats . . .  not for sitting and reading.
5	I travel a lot for bussiness and have been looking for a place for coffee in Charlotte.  Well... Found it!!  Good coffee friendly baristas and oh yeah... GOOD COFFEE!My barista Kaki made awesome latte art, and the owner James knew his stuff. 5 stars
5	Best espresso and best coffee in Charlotte by far.  Rivals espresso on the streets of Italy.  If you want a sweet drink the caramel latte is amazing (they make the caramel themselves).
5	My previous review has been obliterated. Now they have decaf stuff, and a new, more spacious location, and some very tasty coffees, teas, lattes, etcetera.  Well played, Not Just Coffee. Well played.
5	In my mind, tied for first for "best coffee in uptown"
4	This place starts where it should, with outstanding coffee!  I'm enjoying a Columbian pour over that is really tasty, robust nutty flavor yet smooth.  The space is small but it's location, inside the 7th street market gives it an open, airy feel.  There are plenty of seats around the counter and yet it's still a small, boutique location.  Very hip feel, it's a great spot if you're from out of town like me and looking for a local coffee shop to get some reading or work done.  Enjoyable!!  Free wifi, parking is free if you remember to have them validate your ticket.
5	The best coffee shop I've been to in the US, hands down. The pour-over coffee is great, and crazy cheap (I wouldn't mind paying more at all), and the layout is really cute, like a bar. And they actually try to have a conversation with everyone sitting along the table :) I was in Charlotte for a day, and I think this was my favorite place. You don't need to add anything to the coffee at all (which I sometimes do when the coffee is crap and I just need the caffeine), it's just good the way it is. It was enjoyable drinking the coffee.I didn't really like the Chai though - I grabbed one to go since the coffee was wonderful, and I just had to have another cup of something. But I think it's a personal preference thing. The Chai was really the standard American kind, which I've always found icky.
5	Awesome coffee.
5	Killed it. Had a perfect, roasty, smooth, pourover coffee served in a beautiful little mug for a reasonable price. Lovely service. Not sure what else I could possibly asked for.
3	Recommended by the CLT CM, and decorated with some outstanding ratings, Not Just Coffee was my camp-out spot of choice while in town recently, between meetings. The drive from Durham had left me dazed and yawning, so I was craving a great big cup o' coffee. They actually only do small servings here... So that had me making two orders to get the quantity I wanted. I asked if I could get the cafe wifi password and was told to use the 7th Street Market wifi instead; but unfortunately I wasn't able to connect to that. Luckily, I had my Verizon card on me so I was able to stick around. Coffee was piping hot and pleasant. And the atmosphere, within a market, is bustling and provides places for food or seating aside from the bar surrounding NJC. Honestly, though, I just wasn't as blown away by this cafe's atmosphere, service, or product as much as everyone else seems to be. :(
5	I've been drinking Not Just Coffee since they opened - for a while mocha's by Brad were my morning fix until they moved into Uptown.James takes special care to bring awesome coffee to uptown, it's exciting to see how far they've come!All the baristas are awesome, friendly and knowledgable. You literally can't get better coffee in uptown. If I'm going to be in that way, I save my limited molecules of caffeine to savor here.The 7th Street Market space is gorgeous and great for your morning cup, meetings or just catching up with a friend. Parking is validated for 90 minutes (I think) so you have time to sit and savor your cup of tastiness. When we found out about my allergies, I was able to take comfort that their chocolate, caramel & coffee are all carefully made and selected, so I knew my drink was safe and they will happily steam goat milk for me if I bring it along for my latte or mocha.My only sadness about NJC is that they're no longer part of my daily life.
2	I don't mean to be Debbie Downer, because it seems that a lot of people like this place, but I went on Saturday morning while attending the Fire Department's Pancake Breakfast.  I stood at the counter (with my 2 1/2 year-old frustratingly fidgeting in his stroller) for a good 15 minutes before someone finally came over-to take the order of the man that had just walked up to the counter right next to me.  I almost walked away, but I didn't.  A few minutes later the man came back and said, "Have you been helped?" "Nope" I said, obviously perturbed that he'd waited on the man right next to me first.  He took my order and I continued to wait. And wait. Finally, my Iced Latte was ready.  You'd think for the length of time I waited that I had ordered some huge complicated drink, but no.  I am not sure if they were just understaffed and not expecting the turnout at the breakfast to be so big, but I witnessed no less than two people walk away without being waited on (one woman said, "I give up" as she walked away)-or even acknowledged which was the most annoying part.  Again, maybe it was stress and being understaffed, but a simple, "I'll be right with you!" or "Sorry for the wait," would have been nice.  I think that I will get my caffeine fix elsewhere next time.
5	Read about this cafe online and figured I would give it a try.  The coffee is very good.  I had my first "pour over" and it was great. The Italian sodas with homemade syrups were another plus too.  The prices are very good...I was expecting to pay more for such an great/upscale cafe.
5	Alrighty I don't throw 5 star reviews around lightly but this place deserves it.  I've never had coffee delivered via a pour over method and I'm not sure if that was why or if the coffee was just that good but it was absolutely the best cup of coffee I've ever had. Located in the 7th Street Market makes it an added bonus for me because it's a close walk.
5	James knows what he's doing. I've had a lot of coffee in my life and I am certain that this one is way up on my list. Get the cortado or the pour over.
5	They know what they're doing! Amazing coffee that is unmatched.Great local LUNA's products for snacking. Check this place out, you won't be disappointed!
4	Delicious. The only down fall is there was no free parking. That would be amazing. I know that's not the coffee shop's fault, but it is a downfall. They make their own caramel for their caramel latte. It is a huge plus to know that a small coffee shop is using the freshest ingredients.
4	I guess, technically, the name is correct, as there are other things available on the menu (as my mom proved by ordering a hot chocolate). But really, why else would you come here?It's in what used to be Reid's, one of my favorite grocers ever, and what looked to be something new under construction when I visited in late December of 2011, making this little coffee counter essentially the only reason to come to this entire block of 7th Street. It was neat to see the light rail in operation, something Charlotte never had when I lived here, but that was about the only activity happening here on the Sunday before I flew back up to DC.They use Counter Culture beans, good stuff, and make a pretty legit latte to pair with a modest honey crumb cake (or whatever the featured one of the day from the local baker happens to be). It's quiet, or at least was then, and pretty easy to get what you want and move along at your own pace.Overall, not bad coffee, but don't expect a huge amount of other offerings as the store name might allude to. Do expect a bit of pretension, something I generally don't care for with my coffee, especially in my hometown where most folks are much friendlier.
5	Rather than a coffee shop, this is more like a coffee bar. It is also located inside a market place, in case you've never been. I easily passed by it looking for an individual store. Stepping closer, the bar is surrounded with hipsters. Casually sit down and order off the menu. Easy conversation's get going it seems. I had a pour over iced coffee, served black in a open lid mason jar which was excellent. The menu isn't extensive, however it seems as if each drink was made like i were in a science lab. Excellent coffee, easy conversations, great service, and most important of all to me, very fast wifi.  (Pictures posted)
4	A truly excellent cup of coffee. Bold. Flavorful. 'Pour over coffee' is the way to go. They brew each cup individually. Friendly staff. The only reason I didn't go 5 stars is that the shop is located in a 'market place' (food court kind of feel). It's nice, but if you're looking for that warm cozy coffe shop kind of feel, then it will leave you wanting. But, it's bright, open, and busy ambiance can be nice too if that's what your in the mood for. Bottom line: I would come back.
5	Seriously the best coffee. Ever. Once we found this place, we went out of our way to and even braved the hassle of parking Uptown just to get coffee here in the morning while we were in Charlotte. They even offer almond milk as an option. (Most places only have soy milk as an alternative - not as healthy as people may think.) Anyway, this place has great coffee in general, a yummy carmel latte, a really good masala chai tea latte, and great service!
5	Not Just Coffee has, hands down the best cappuccino in town. And unless you tell them you're taking it to go they serve it in a proper cup with a saucer and spoon rather than a cardboard cup and plastic lid...because this isn't a freakin' McDonalds! But whether you take it to go or not, they always do a little latte art with your foam. Presentation matters. I wish more coffee places would learn that.If coffee's not your thing, the Italian sodas are also the best around. They make them with homemade syrups that feature not the typical sugary fruit flavors, but subtle blends of fruit and herbs. What's better than strawberry? Strawberry with basil, that's what! They're always refreshing and never too sweet. The only problem is that the cappuccino is so good I can rarely bring myself to try all the other flavors of Italian soda.
5	Visiting my family near Charlotte is usually a coffee wasteland. I yelped a few places and fortunately ran across NJC. I was not disappointed. I ordered an espresso, latte and cappuccino for my group. All three were perfectly prepared by Brad, the barista, who has worked with coffee for a decade and is very knowledgable. If you end up near 7th st station or are an out of town coffee geek looking for a good shot of espresso, definitely hit up this place. You won't be disappointed.
5	Excellent Coffee
5	If you haven't been here, get off Yelp, stop looking at pics, and go!!!!!! I personally think they should have their own shop outside of 7th St. market. I've been wanting to get some of this coffe for so long but couldn't figure out where it was lol. I just happened to be in 7th St. market one Saturday and...BAM!! There it is. So my mom and I had to sit down for a cup. We had great service and great coffee. Nice atmosphere right at the bar, but everything else around is kind of a distraction. (Except for Pure Pizza). Overall it's great coffee! Check it out!
4	Thank god these guys are here.  Having *just* moved to Charlotte, and coming from the Sacramento area which is playing host to it's own up and coming coffee scene (Insight, what up!), which is close enough to SF to take advantage of the rampant coffee culture happening there, I was a little discouraged to discover something of a craft coffee desert that was to be my new home.  Not that they're the only game in town, but as far as I've tasted, they are the best, and most keyed in.  Plus it's just two guys, and they're super friendly, I like giving my money to people that are pleasant to talk with.  Plus they host latte art competitions which can only serve to boost the Charlotte coffee scene.  Pouring Counter Culture, which really seems to be the norm here in the Carolinas, and doing so skillfully this cafe is located in the City Market, which play host to a number of other kiosks offering goods I generally like to stuff my face with.  The trips I've made to NJC so far have provided me with cups (Ethiopian  and Sumatra) that were great, extraction times were pretty right on which helped to bring out the character of each roast, and the presentation was super nice as well.  Regardless of the fact that you can literally by Counter Culture ANYWHERE in this city, I'll be hitting up NJC for beans so I can help support these guys in their endeavors to bring craft coffee to Charlotte and help promote the scene.
5	When you go to a coffee shop and ask for regular coffee, and the staff asks you which kind of coffee with different flavor, origin, roasting level, you know you are at a good coffee shop.Their "pour over" technique is pretty awesome. You don't often see pour over at coffee shops, because they take longer (about 3+ minutes), but Not Just Coffee does it, and it's definitely worth the wait. For sure one of the best iced coffee I have had, and my coworker said it's the second best espresso shot he's ever had. (First being a hand-brewed espresso, you can't really beat that). They gave you sparkling water to rinse your mouth too for the espresso, which went above and beyond either of our expectations.
4	Located right in Seventh Street Station this coffee spot is easy to find and worth your time!  It is just a simple horseshoe bar with stools but there are tables within Seventh Street Station where you can also enjoy your wares.The coffee they serve uses a pour-over method.  I havent had it but folks rave about it.  I usually get the caramel latte - they make their own caramel!  One sip is heaven and you can get it hot or cold.I love coming here and yes you will have to wait a bit to be served - quality takes a bit longer so get ready to wait.  Love you guys!!!
5	I love NJC. And I know coffee. After all, I drink coffee in its strong, unadulterated blackness as often as possible. James also knows coffee, and he makes a mean pour over. To be honest, I had never heard of a pour over until a few months ago when Ben G began raving about this place.The coffee kills.Don't go in here ordering a triple skinny, 1 pump mocha with extra whipped cream. Don't be that guy. Order a pour over, or Ben's favorite, the iced pour over. Delight in the rich, smooth taste of coffee the way God intended us to drink it. Amen.
5	This is definitely a 5 star place.  The location is pretty cool and the people are fairly good.  They are pretty coffee-elite, but not elitist, which is necessary since I had done my research about pour-over beforehand, but still had no clue what was going on.Great tasting coffee and a fun and cool bar to sit at and enjoy a cup of joe.  Plus I got huge bonus points from my boss who is a connoisseur of fine food and drink.
4	These Guys are serious about Coffee!  Since I do not know how to order ANYTHING, I had to come back and see if somehow I could explain what I like!  Explaining what I like is not easy because I have very little experience with Coffee!  My Wife Ordered, it was pretty good, like a little better than three stars so I'm rounding it way up to four since I do not speak the language very well.  I have no idea how to order any Caffeinated beverage except:  Cuban Style Espresso, Masala Chai, Turkish Coffee (or the similar Arabian Coffee with Green Cardamom) or the French Press on Sweetened Condensed Milk you can get at a Vietnamese Restaurant!  So most "regular" Coffee places I go I tell them what I like from the list above and on a rare occasion someone creates something where I wished I had ordered four cups to go, instead of just one! !! !!!  On these rare occasions it takes me hours or days (four days) to finish one small cup because it is so good... Everywhere else I take several sips and leave the rest with a 100% tip because I do not know what else to do!Good Art on the Coffee and the Flavor was better than most of the similar places where they think I'm from Coffee Marz!  My Wife and I liked the Roof too!Validated Parking!  Park in 7th Street Station (10 level parking Deck) and if you do not know how to get your parking ticket Validated, ask someone, they will help!
4	Finally a decent espresso in uptown.  Good on ya NJC.
5	I'd give this place six stars if I could. Adding to the chorus of great reviews, this is the only true Third Wave coffee shop that I've found in Charlotte. (For the unenlightened, that's boutique, single origin coffee made to order.) Not Just Coffee has an outstanding rotation of single origin coffees they get from Counter Culture. The service is friendly, knowledgeable and prompt. They have a neat bar set up in the 7th Street Station. The Angeleno caffeine fiend in me wishes they were open (much) later, but that's their only drawback.Oh, and the prices? $2.49 for a pour-over. Why the hell are you still going to Starbucks or Caribou? Stop it! *Slaps hand*
5	I absolutely adore this place. I love coffee and lattes very much.  This place I go to when I want to treat myself to a nice/beautifully made caramel latte. I alway drink 2. I would drag anybody here who would come. My main project is my sis. She would enjoy their pour over coffee method and enjoy the environment all around. Set in a farmer market right of the link, there's not a better location.  Nice to see the familiar face. James is very knowledgable and passion about his coffee. And to listen to his humble story on how he got started. Make me feel like there's hope for a minion like me in my small business. Do yourself a Hugh favor and stop by. Give Starbucks a break and tried them out. You will taste a differences. And fall in love.
5	Best coffee in uptown! Owner present!Great staffBrad is awesome!
5	After living in NYC for a few years, I got spoiled by all the independent coffee shops, so after returning home to CLT I was disappointed to mostly find your corporate-chain coffee shops. Finally I found a true "artisan" coffee spot in Not Just Coffee! You may ask, "what's the difference" or "what's wrong with Starbucks" and the simple answer is the dedication to the craft. Brewing good coffee or making a perfect latte is a craft... there are people who do it well and understand the nuances and there are people who have to follow a corporate formula in order to create a consistent experience across hundreds or thousands of locations. There is nothing inherently wrong with the corporate formula approach, but there is also something special about the independent shop that can make decisions on the types of beans, the brewing methods, the presentation, etc. and you can definitely taste the difference.I really commend the folks here at Not Just Coffee as well as the other small entrepreneurs at 7th St Market. Best coffee in CLT!
5	The pour over coffee was very good!  I found it because of all the great reviews on Yelp and they all are correct - it's a great place to get a cup of your favorite coffee drink.
5	Can I say 'amazing'? I will. AMAZING. I had a fantastic mocha which was as beautiful as it was tasty. I wish I had snapped a photo of the latte art because it was gorgeous. The service was prompt and friendly. Not Just Coffee is also equipped with some pretty rad technology for those of you who like to use Square Wallet.
5	People that know me well know that I am a caffeine junkie and coffee snob. Yes, I frequent the corporate chains for the convenience and free wi-fi, but not for the quality of the coffee. Enter Not Just Coffee. Love the location, social atmosphere and friendly (and knowledgeable) employees. They pay attention to the small details that matter... Like warming up your coffee mug with hot water before serving you your freshly brewed cup of heaven. If you are not familiar with the craft brewing scene... that is craft coffee brewing... then bookmark Not Just Coffee immediately! Go order a pour over, hot or iced, and enjoy it in its purest form... black. no sugar. no cream. just don't. You can thank me later.
5	I'm not what one would call a coffee expert by any means, but I know a good brew when I sip it... lol  I actually went to NJC for the first time a couple days ago to meet up with our awesome CM for a midmorning CMYE hang...  I'd heard the ravings about the "pour over" and I had no idea what it was, so I got one... Golly gee darn whiz bang cheese crackers, America! (Kathleen Madigan, awesome comedienne)  That thing was beyond...  The flavor was so smooth and toasty delicious... I've never had a purely black coffee before... Ever.  This one was even better than some of the Starbucks concoctions I've paid double the money for... I used to wrinkle my nose at the fact that some people drank their coffee black... Now I get it... Especially if they're getting it done like this!It's inside the 7th Street Public Market, in the midst of a wide open space situation... In fact, I wasn't really sure where it was because I was expecting an actual shop... lol It's a nice bar set up with a completely open space so you can see them perform the magic right before your very eyes... Next time, I have to try the siphon pot... My server Brad explained how it worked and that really looked interesting!  I will definitely be back and I can't wait...
5	it was just my 2nd trip to the 7th street market and i ordered an iced mocha. i don't really know what i was expecting, but what i got far surpassed any expectations. it took my breath away. astoundingly delicious!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! way better than youknowwho chain coffee places and better than every inde shop i've been to in the QC. definitely coming back. can't wait. i wish they had more locations, but i'll take what i can get. the only down side is a +.50c charge for iced :-/
5	Not Just Coffee has the best coffee and espresso in Charlotte, period.   James and Brad really know their stuff and are passionate about coffee.  To my wife's displeasure, they have completely changed the way that I make and drink coffee at home.
5	Wow.I mean seriously, wow. This is some really good coffee!I stopped in to see just what made this coffee so great. And I was very impressed. I went with the Caramel Latte...O.M.G.!!! It's heavenly and almost too pretty to drink...there is no doubt that you will wish they had a bigger mug. Did I mention they make their own caramel?!?!? Seriously, if you haven't tried this coffee...you need too. Like, right now!
5	Excellent coffee house serving Counterculture Coffee (one of the best coffee roasters in the United States). The baristas are well trained, personable, and knowledgeable about their coffees. The fact that it is in an open market of sorts does not create an atmosphere for having a quite conversation or getting some work done on a laptop, but if you don't mind the airport-bar atmosphere, the coffee is the best that you will find in Charlotte. I have only had their pour-over coffee and cappuccino. I can't comment on the flavored lattes, etc. It is rare to find great coffee, so I leave the syrup-laden coffee drinks for the Starbucks and Caribous. Also, they don't serve food. In short, you should go to "Not Just Coffee" just for the coffee. Despite its name, it is all about the coffee.
5	I think I need a job that allows me to spend mornings working away at this local coffee shop!  Seriously, one of the best lattes I've ever had.  Both the chai latte and caramel latte are smooth and velvety.  In a world of coffee dominated by large chains, it's great to see a locally owned shop thriving in Charlotte.  Next up, I'll be trying their infamous pour over.
5	Smooth and creamy without the bitterness and burnt taste that characterize some chain coffee joints. My latte was amazing and tasted so rich, I didn't need additional sweetener. I almost felt bad putting the lid on my to-go cup due to the artfully drawn wheat pattern gracing the foam.  I wish there was a Not Just Coffee closer to my work and look forward to trying them again. I'm already weighing all the enticing-sounding options...
5	Such an excellent  place . I thik they have the best coffe I'ver had.  Do not forget to ask  for their caramel latte in your next visit. Their staff are well trained for this  kind of coffee service.  Affordable prices and nice ambiance.
5	Bar none the best coffee in Charlotte.  James, the proprietor, is a true coffee lover and connoisseur, and that really translates to the drinks he serves. He sources his beans from the excellent Durham-based Counter Culture (and has their beans for sale by the 3/4 pound, too), and has three or four varieties on hand at any given time.  Everything here is great, from the pour-overs to the inventive and artfully poured lattes.  Perfectly pulled espresso shots come with a companion shot of sparkling water--a nice touch.  Staff is consistently friendly and attentive, and are all very well trained baristas.  I try not to go anywhere else.
5	These people are passionate about coffee and that passion is contagious! Hands-down the best coffee in Charlotte. They care about quality, and each drink is a small masterpiece. If you're going to visit any one coffee shop in Charlotte, make it this one.
4	Pretty nice cup of coffee! I like to come here during lunch and get a latte. The brew is delicious and the staff so far have been personable every time I've come. Minor complaint is seating. I would also advise people it's not the quickest place (which has been echoed in some earlier comments), but it's not fast food - it's part of what I'd consider a superior coffee experience.
5	Oh my gosh!! I come from the west coast. I'm picky about coffee to the point that I often travel with my own coffee and and French Press since I can't always find good coffee where I'm headed. This little place in Charlotte not only pleasantly surprised my taste buds but made them dance with joy. I had found not just good coffee but excellent coffee that would rival anything I've found on the west coast. Can't more highly recommend this coffee bar.
5	Great Coffee with a personal Touch.  I just wanted some standard coffee and Not Just Coffee , was able to deliver with a personal touch.  Their standard coffee is custom poured over by the cup.  They grind your beans specific to your cup and slowly pour water over it and filter it directly into your cup.If you have never had regular coffee this way, it is pretty great.
5	I moved to Charlotte in Sept. and Not Just Coffee has become my favorite place!!!! Good service and good people!! Stop by if you get the chance, you will love it too!
4	Great spot for coffee connoisseurs in the Charlotte area. While parking can be tricky at times (but so is all of Uptown), this place is definitely worth the effort. We got a pour over and a latte. The pour over was made with care, and the latte had perfect foam texture. You can tell the baristas at Not Just Coffee take great pride in what they serve. We're definitely going to be back, and I'm eyeing the iced vanilla sugar latte as my next order :)
5	Iced Caramel Latte. For the freaking win.
5	The absolute best coffee I've ever had!!! Omg so good it's orgasmic! :) I got the caramel latte - they make their own caramel here which is just the icing on the cake (or the foam on the latte, however you wanna say it). Their lattes are each hand-made with care and personalized with latte art on them - if you get a traditional hot latte. Amazing!!!!
5	Hey hey hey!This is a great little coffee shop that you can stop by and pick up an awesome coffee  flavor of your choosing.I give it 5 stars, because every cup of latte, mocha is always done with a little flare.They use a pass through filter for coffee and some teas.And you can hang out here and work while being served.
5	Unbelievable coffee.  I'm sure the tea and other beverages are excellent, I however, enjoyed a fall latte, a traditional macchiato, and an iced caramel latte over the course of the past couple of days.  Great customer service, beautiful latte art, fun atmosphere located in the public market.  Try to have it in a for here mug and soak in the experience.  Great work, great people!  Will definitely come back here on my next trip!!
5	It really doesn't get any more delicious than this for coffee options. Not only are they located smack in the middle of 7th Street Public Market, but they offer much more than just coffee. Wines, chai teas, sodas, cheese plates. All with an unique local touch. You can't go wrong with a nice iced chai latte on a hot day.  The staff is very friendly and they are always making wonderful recommendations for me.  They know their stuff and it is good to trust them.  Once you get your drink, wander around the area and take it all in.  Truly is a pretty unique spot in Uptown.  -Ian M.
5	The atmosphere was cool and low-key, the iced caramel latte was smooth and delicious, and the baristas were cute to boot. The mason jar was a nice touch. I'm glad I happened upon this gem when all I was trying to do was avoid the street fair!
5	Great place for coffee. The employees were outstanding I regard to customer service. dont forget to contribute to thier 401k fund. leave a gratuity ie tip
5	Much has been said about singleness of purpose. Do one thing and do it better than anyone else; no distractions or competing priorities. That's all I could think while drinking one of the best cups of coffee I can remember in some time. Not Just Coffee is a misnomer, as all I could tell they do, is make coffee. Individually ground and pour-over method is methodically and almost scientifically (scales, hot water temps, etc) executed here for an wonderful cup.
5	The best coffee I've ever had... the ppl were super nice and attentive and of course made a mean cup of joe...  the aromatic little nook not only smell like a start of a good morning but it also smells like little italy (fresh oven baked pizza next door. This chillax place is great to meet friends and/ for casual mini date.. things to try: Carmel latte, falatte, any pour over coffee and italian soda is also fantastic...! I wish there is a shop up in raleigh.. I'll prob never leave the place.. oh and probably never go back to Starbucks if there was!
5	Coffee tasted great
5	Perfect in every way. Thought something must have been up with this many great reviews. There is - greatness.
5	Pros:- Type: not your chain coffee shop, all the coffees I've tried thus far have not been disappointing!- Service: nice & patient baristas- Presentation: I love the way they present your drinks (when sitting in). For pour over coffees & teas, they provide you a "mini-pitcher" & cup on a cardboard platter. Lattes are presented with your typical leaf designs.- Environment: lots of seats near the bar and lots of tables surrounding it (a couple tables are near outlets). It's located within the Market so there are a couple of eateries. WiFi is available. - Selection: wide enough to have your typical drinks (pour-over, lattes, cappuccino, etc.) but small enough that you're not overwhelmed.Avg:- Price: $3.75-4 for a latte, over $2 for teaRecommendations:- Latte: caramel latte! Yum! - Not in a rush: I recommend sitting down and enjoying the ambiance
5	Go. Now. Their passion is in the product. I have never in my life encountered such great coffee--even on my trip to San Fran. They are one of the first places in Charlotte to offer almond milk as an alternative to soy or dairy--neither of which I can tolerate well. I got my first latte and didn't have much in the way of expectations but I was sweetly surprised when I took my first sip-- from that point I became a (passionate) regular. James is very friendly and patiently answered all my questions about how and why he opened Not Just Coffee and how the hell he and his staff get it to taste so good. He gave a lot of credit to the peeps at Counter Culture Coffee (the coffee that NJC uses) and their willingness to help him make the coffee all that it was meant to be. My only regret was that I didn't get to spend enough time soaking up his coffee-know-how due to an abrupt move to Houston, Texas and so now I have no clue how to create coffee like him and his crew and sadly I have yet to find anything that compares to Not Just Coffee in Houston. I am sitting in a "Houston's best" coffee shop as I write this...don't know what ya got till it's gone. Go now to NJC---you're welcome.
4	There are hundreds of coffee shops in Uptown but very few are open on Sundays.  I was in desperate need of some coffee while walking around Uptown, and my Yelp app saved my ass by finding this place.Very nice local coffee shop  Note, if you are walking around looking for it, it is inside the Public Market.The coffee is solid.  I'm not sure I am hip enough for this place though.  That said, the staff was very friendly.  They serve tea if you you don't want coffee.  Highly recommend.
4	I don't drink coffee at all but they almost turned me into a coffee lover... I know if I keep coming back I will end up like Will Ferell in the movie "Kicking and Screaming" !
5	They may serve more than just coffee. But that's what I was there for: Just Coffee. To get me out of bed super early, it better not disappoint and it definitely didn't. Watching James pour my cappuccino was like watching one of those street artists who do spraypaint art. You have no idea what he's trying to do & you don't believe that it's going to turn out. But when he hands over your cup, it is the most beautiful thing any woman could hope for at 7:15 in the morning. The coffee was full bodied and the balance of milk to coffee was perfect. I only wish I would have had time to sit and enjoy it. I was on my way to an all day meeting so I didn't have much time to awe in the amazingness that is this little counter coffee. It's Not Just Coffee. It's Just Phenomenal.
4	Fabulous coffee! Whether you get a pour over or a latte you get top quality and flavor. I especially like that the lattes aren't overly sweet, like the fancy drinks at chain coffee places. My only complaint is the service. Last time I visited I waited 10 minutes before I was even acknowledged by the staff and it wasn't even busy.
5	Great coffee shop. I typically order Soy based lattes at coffee places due to a little thing called Lactose intolerance. NJC did not have Soy but rather Almond Milk to accommodate my needs. I didn't get my hopes up for my latte as Almond Milk tends to leave a nutty aftertaste when blended with coffee, IMO ....and my opinion has been changed.     I'm not quite sure what the Barista did exactly, but my latte was phenomenal!     NJC lends itself to a cool atmosphere in the market and makes you feel all comfy cozy in it's tiny corner. I will definitely keep supporting this place when I'm nearby.
5	Yum! A little expensive, but the coffee is sooooo good it's worth it. Cafe au lait was creamy and smooth; I didn't even need much sweetener. The cortado, 2 shots of espresso and a shot of whole milk, was amazingly rich and almost chocolatey. Ginger chai latte was, by far, the most flavorful and spicy of all the drinks. So good. Try it.
5	Seriously, you have to get to Not Just Coffee immediately if you're a coffee lover. Hands down the BEST coffee I've ever had. I ordered the caramel latte with almond milk and was not disappointed. Everything from the minute I ordered this glorious cup of Java to my last sip was perfection, service included. I can't stop thinking about it. In fact, if I wasn't sitting here in my pajamas and could get over there right now, I would do it.
5	Let me get this out of the way...I am not a "coffee shop" person.  NJC is a coffee place I can really get used to.  I was at the 7th Street Market and this place had a huge crowd around the bar and I decided to see what all the hoopla was about.Once greeted, I ordered a caramel latte.  WOW, it was wonderful.  The design thinghy on the top was impressive but the real star of the show was the drink.  I don't normally review drinks, but this stuff was good!!!  If you're in the market or even riding bye it is well worth your time for a hot frothy beverage.
5	I'm falling madly in love with this place.Not only are the drinks almost too pretty to consume, they are ridiculously delicious. Today's caramel latte design included a heart. Gorgeous. The baristas take great pride in their work and what they serve. It's obvious in every cup. The guy today also had an absolutely tremendous mustache. One of those that you would twist with your fingers and evil laugh because you just tied a damsel to the train tracks.I love 7th Street Market in general. It's a great place to grab coffee, have a meeting, or sit and do work all day. They also validate parking. Just make sure you keep an eye on the clock. it's only good for an hour and a half. I may or may not move my car every 90 minutes. Go ahead, judge away.If you love coffee, or hell even if you don't... go here immediately. Be prepared to be blown away.
5	I visited NJC for the first time yesterday, my first attempt being thwarted by a large function a few months back.I ordered an espresso which was just out of this world. Ordering an espresso is a true test of an espresso drink facility - "naked" coffee not masked by milk or flavorings, just the pure concentrated coffee. They provide a cup of bubbly water to clear your palate.The coffee had a slight acidity, just enough and some stone fruit flavors and a good hearty bottom end. Overall very balanced and pleasant and not harsh at all. The beans were Toscano from Counter Culture from Durham, NC.I make espresso and roast beans at home so it was so nice to be able to enjoy the good stuff outside for a change and their espresso is something I look forward to having more of.This is the only place I have found at this level within Charlotte except for a local roaster whom I buy beans from occasionally.The only comparable places I have been to are in San Fran and NYC.Visit this place and you will be in coffee heaven.
5	I've had a lot of coffee in my day so when I went into this place, I wasn't expecting anything special. I can honestly say that it's one of the best coffee places I have ever been to. I've gone a couple of times and always order something different and each time I try something new, the first sip always blows me away. If you haven't already tried this place, it's a must!
5	The name says it all....This isn't "just" coffee.  Not to imply that they offer so much more than just coffee.  More so that this isn't your average coffee.  This coffee puts any other coffee you've ever enjoyed to absolute shame!Fresh coffee made with an exciting flare right before your eyes.  Counter culture beans and delicious pour over are aplenty.  Don't know what that means?  Google it because I'm new to the scene and certainly not the best guy to try to explain it.  All I can tell you is that it's damn good stuff!The staff here is friendly and uber talented.  The owner, James Yoder, really knows his way around a coffee mug.  He's recently competed in some national coffee crafting competitions and is an all around nice guy.  This place is located inside of the 7th Street Public Market in Uptown Charlotte and has a bit of a hipster vibe.  A great place to meet a friend and chat over a cup of your favorite freshly brewed coffee.  Also in the market is Local Loaf bakery where you can grab breakfast or a light pastry while you enjoy your coffee drink of choice.There's no need for sweeteners and froufrou creamers in this joint.  Incredible coffee that can be enjoyed in its purity and it won't cost you $5 a cup like that "other place" people think has "real" coffee.  Granted, if you like the froufrou stuff, they can do that too.  I find myself craving their coffee on a regular basis now.  I think I need to closeout this review so that I can go get me a cup!  Don't forget to validate your parking ticket from the attached garage.  You park for free if you are out within 90 minutes.
4	Great coffee and cappuccino! Little pricy for the coffee but overall great experience.
5	I had sampled the other Not Just Coffee earlier in the week so I knew what to expect with this one. It was simply fantastic. While they can't make half calf they can hold off on putting the normal amount of espresso in. They have an awesome coffee bar that you can sit at and enjoy your coffee and look around the market. I just moved here from Seattle and this is the best mocha latte I have had.
4	soo addicting, yet so good!!
5	Best coffee ever just perfection and hearts for valentines day made from froth great service definately a do again. Park in the parking deck get 90 min free by scanning your ticket inside coffee area pay by scanning ticket outside coffee area before entering elevators to leave
5	I was in Charlotte for business and stumbled upon Not Just Coffee twice.  Both times my drinks were beyond phenomenal.  I had the caramel latte with almond milk and the vanilla brown sugar almond milk latte. They were perfect. Do not miss next time you are in the area.
5	Being a fist timer to this place, it left a big impression. It was the perfect place for me and my Valentine! I wish there were more coffee spots like this!
4	The caramel latte here is amazing and creamy, and they use real caramel in it (no flavored syrups). I was excited to try their pour-overs too, since I've heard much hype about this method of preparing coffee. It wasn't too bad - very apparent fruity notes, a bit sour even, but lacking in whatever complexity or mind-blowing taste I had been expecting. The presentation was nice though. It was served in the glass pitcher it was made in, on top of a wooden serving tray. The people working here are also super friendly, and I like that this place is located in a building with a bunch of other "foodie" shops nearby.
5	Not just coffee, but don't forget the tea!  Great loose leaf blends and knowledgeable staff to coach on steeping times and the varieties.  They could even cite the amount of caffeine in each. Very impressive.... cannot wait to try the coffee.
4	The coffee was actually very good, but the atmosphere was not at all what i expected. Its really more of a coffee bar in a really cool market.
5	Coffee art! The way it should be done. Best baristas in town. Love the 7th street location for a quiet cup to relax and appreciate watching people do the most beautiful things with coffee.
5	Never have I felt so inspired to start a Nickelback cover band. But don't take MY word for it: go to Not Just Coffee and see what you'll be motivated to do!Also, coffee is superb.
5	Perfect coffee! worth for money. Right behind my office ;)... Indian flavor chai available here!
4	Takes a few to get a cup of joe but the wait is worth it.  Not bitter, very smooth.  Relaxed atmosphere where one can sit and just enjoy.
5	Best coffee in Charlotte! Cool, one cup at a time, pour over coffee. Nice, lattes with real vanilla, real caramel, or just plain good.Fun but non-intrusive staff with opinions and ideas.Making it all even mo' bettah are the complimentary vendors of baked goods, artisan chocolates, and cupcakes here at Seventh Street Market.
5	Slowly but surely, the void in Charlotte of good coffee spots is being filled, and nothing makes me happier! The newest and coolest additions is Not just coffee! Oh how glad I am that I live only a couple blocks away :) What's great about this place you ask? The coffee of course, but also  the friendly baristas, the interesting people sitting next to you at their small bar, and last but not the least - the fact that they are located in the cutest little indoor market in uptown! They primarily serve coffee and tea, but if you're hungry there are so many options for food in the market. Sure they are a tad bit pricier than usual, but in my opinion, the entire coffee experience there makes it all quite worth it. My husband and I enjoy walking over on a random evening for the perfect latte (hot or cold!) or a pour over. I like a simple cup of coffee, so what's most important is that the coffee be rich and flavorful, and that's what you get here. The hot lattes, apart from being delicious also look very pretty. I am yet to try their flavored lattes (and hot chocolate; which looks amazing), and this Saturday is looking like the perfect day to do just that! :)
5	There is definitely an art to GOOD coffee, and its safe to say its close if not definitely perfectly crafted here. The pour over is where you want the train to take you ;-) you'll get my humor when you go!
5	Great 3rd wave coffee shop in Charlotte. A must stop and great overall lil market too.
5	Quite possibly one of the best espressos I have had in my life. Literally. It tasted so good that I wanted to get more.Staff was fun and chill.Close to many attractions.This place is great!
5	Counter Culture from V60s and a Strada by people who know what they're doing. Legit cafe and coffee. Thanks!
2	Okay, I went here a few weeks ago... Being that this is a very busy bar like setup, I was already assuming how it was going to go. Now I made eye contact with the one guy....got nothing! So then about 7 minutes later some 4 non African Americans walk up and immediately strikes up a conversation with them. I say, oh that's how that work! After seeing my "oh know the bleep you just didn't face"! He then goes, what can I get you,.?! I gave him my order...then too add salt to the wound he adds, it's going to be about a 15-20 minute wait on drinks (never mind I had been there already 10-13 minutes w/o any recognition)! Really dude? Fact is that I've been in the service industry for 13 years and I've always paid attention to my bar! Whether or not you can get to them that insist, it's very important that you acknowledge them being there! At the end of the day, my son got his chocolate milk and was very satisfied. I did get a tea which was highly tasteful? Overall, customer service needs a major intervention (hopefully it has changed), drinks were good! Oh and yeah I did leave a tip, because I didn't want there assumed racial profile stereotype to be true! Not too mention I know all about the service industry and tipping is how you make your income!
5	This really is a special spot. The barista (possibly the owner's daughter?) was sweet and forthcoming with not just her coffee knowledge but also suggestions on what we should see/eat as out-of-towners and the other barista (who we saw on our second ... third?) visit was an expert at shot-pulling and friendly to boot. It's such a nice feeling to feel welcomed in a strange town. Plus, my boyfriend is an incredible coffee geek/snob, so his standards can sometimes crush his experience. However, he was so happy with Not Just Coffee. Even later in the day, he said, "I don't think they mean 'not just coffee' in the way that they also sell other things like tea or whatever ... I think maybe they mean 'not just coffee' in the way that it's not just a simple 'regular' coffee." He said it was as good as anything he's ever had in NYC, and that's high praise coming from him. We will be back!
5	Visiting from out of town and gave this place a shot while trying out all the coffee places in town. Best caramel latte I've ever had!
5	3 words... vanilla sugar capuccino OMG I am in love!!!! They really know what they are doing here. Theres not much to say except... EXCELLENT!
5	It's my favorite place to be on a Sunday morning! I live just a few blocks away from this coffee place....sometimes if it's cold/rainy I will drive and park in the garage where you can park and get your ticket validated for 90min free parking!I have found the baristas to be super friendly and just a fun vibe in the market itself.  I love to get a cup of either hot or cold latte....the have fresh vanilla sugar and carmel as well!! Oh..they also have almond milk! Last weekend, I ordered an iced vanilla sugar latte...and the barista reminded me that I usually get almond milk! ...how awesome...:-)Im going to get ready and head over!Best coffee spot in town
5	Favorite coffee spot ever
5	My wife liked her latte, my espresso was superbly done with excellent creme and a nice finish.  Served with a few ounces of l'acqua con frizzante (Classic!)....But the real capper was the  filtered coffee we got for Uncle Johnny who is not an espresso fan.  They prepare each cup individually and it takes longer than an espresso drink to prepare.  The coffee beans are measured out, ground, put in a small filter and then the  hot water is poured through the grind and filter.   My Uncle...not a coffee snob at all, was duly impressed and loved the strong flavor and lovely presentation.
5	Yum! Really good coffee, really good baristas, and really great layout and location. This is the best coffee in Charlotte. This is Third Wave coffee to its best. Perfectly pulled espresso shots, well prepared milk and latte art, and nice people. Bummer that they don't open until 8:30am on weekends. Also, if you go early, none of the other market vendors are open so you can't get any food, pastries, etc.
5	This place is amazing located in uptown Charlotte in a market full with a great variety of food to eat.  Plenty of places to eat and a good amount of seating.  The only bad part is they have NO parking so you have to 5 bucks to park across the road.  I been here 4 times and every person working here was helpful and friendly.  Such good customer service is a rare thing now adays they helped recommend us places to visit in Charlotte.  Now to the coffee they use their only HOMEMADE Caramel!!  It was soo good so the only thing I ordered was the Caramel latte because I didn't want to try anything else.  If you want the best latte in the area this is the is a MUST GO for coffee in Charlotte! I cant wait to visit again sometime!
4	Inside a cute market.  Had an iced carmal latte in a mason jar. Went to the bakery inside the market to have a cinnamon bun with my latte :)
5	Thank you to my Yelpers for steering us to this gem!I am not a coffee girl, but ordered the hot caramel latte with almond milk based on the reviews. My husband loves ginger and ordered the ginger chai latte with almond milk. We had also ordered palli (vegetarian) sandwiches w/handmade chips from Local Loaf. The guys at Not Just Coffee run it like a walk-up bar. They are all full of personality and so helpful even while they are super busy. We got our drinks in about three minutes. They were beautiful. The caramel latte was fcuking amazing!!! My husband loved his ginger chai latte so much, he drank it and ordered the other masala chai for comparison. After enjoying that one and sharing a taste with me, he got another ginger chai latte to go. I royally enjoyed the caramel latte but ordered another of the masala chai lattes to go and sipped it all along the walk back to our hotel. It was spicy delicious but not in a hot way but rather a "you can taste the melange of spices" way that was flavorful but not overdone.Will definitely have this anytime I am in Charlotte. If you don't, you are missing out.
4	Visiting Charlotte for one day, so I used Yelp (obviously) to find the best coffee shop and dinner spot for my short time here. Hands down, 'Not Just Coffee' seemed to be the favorite.We parked our car free on the street (on a Saturday) and made our way into a market that features a handful of businesses from Pure Pizza, Orrman's (Cheese) & this one. Very fun atmosphere inside, full of families, couples, friend groups, etc.My girlfriend and I ordered our hot coffees at the bar (of Not Just Coffee), paid via Square and sat down at a big table as all bar stools were taken. In 7 minutes, they called our names and we enjoyed delicious coffee. Overall wonderful experience. Nice baristas. Positive energy throughout. A definite stop in Charlotte if you love grounds.
5	With an afternoon to kill in Charlotte, of course I'm going to find the best place for specialty coffee. Fellow yelpers guided me to this fantastic little shop, complete with hario pourover stations and a siphon brewing device. It reminded me of Blue Bottle Coffee or 9th St Espresso up North. And, in fact, the barista, who was also the owners' daughter, informed me that she had just taken a trip up to NYC to visit some of the top coffee spots. It's nice to see this cross-pollination going on in the coffee world - I'm pleased to report that with Not Just Coffee, Charlotte is keeping up with the best of San Franciso and New York.They offered three single origin coffee varieties to be brewed according to your preferred method. I chose siphon, of course, because it's like watching a delicious science experiment unfold. The barista executed the task with Walter White-like precision and delivered a pitcher of flawless brew. I am a big fan.
5	Not Just Coffee, but great service, too! We happened upon NJC while wandering around searching for a place to get away from SELF for a bit.  I love,  love, love that NJC is in a marketplace with a bunch of other cool little places. Counter Culture is served here...along with wine!!  So,  whether you're in the mood for coffee while doing some Shopping,  or sitting and enjoying a glass of wine with a friend, I'd highly suggest giving Not Just Coffee a try if you're in the area.
5	I can't believe that it's taken me this long to review Not Just Coffee, as the wife and I have been there too many times to count at this point.  We love the 7th street market and definitely stop by every time that we are in the area. It's no real surprise all the 5 star reviews on here. Between the 2 of us, we have tried a majority of the menu and while we have our favorites, I can't remember having a bad drink.We even had a friend in town visiting last week and we did a little tour of Charlotte coffee edition and guess who came out on top?  My only gripe is that the menu is fairly small or at least what is written on the board, and I don't think it changes or has some variety other than changing the pour over coffee flavors. I guess that if it's working why mess with a good, let alone great thing.
5	My caramel latte was the bomb. com.  That is all.
5	Huge fan! We found this place on Yelp and though we were only in Charlotte for two days, made a point to head here.The staff was predictably hipster and cool, but very friendly, and very knowledgeable and passionate about their work. I could sit at the bar for hours and just chat it up. The coffee bar is set in the middle of the 7th Street Public Market - a feast for the eyes. I now know the best tea kettle and grinder to buy (Hario!), how to make vanilla sugar, and what a cortado is. (I got one with house-made caramel, whoa).I highly recommend snagging a treat from barChocolate and spending some time with these folks.PS. Should you want to franchise in Austin, just lemmie know!
4	An excellent CounterCulture shop with good baristas, friendly service and delicious drinks. The selection can be limited, but the one espresso they had available was well pulled and served. Great herbal teas as well, and a fun location in a great little food court mall.
5	Can I say enough good things about Not Just Coffee?  I'll try... in list form.1. It's located in 7th Street Public Market.  Convenient, unique experience with lots of food options to have with your coffee (Cloud 9 Confections, Local Loaf, Pure Pizza, etc.)2. If you're not an espresso lover, they solely do pour over which is tedious and I commend them for it.  Pour Over makes perfect coffee!3. THEY HAVE A SIPHON!  For the adventurous coffee lover who wants to try something different.4. They make their own syrups.  This includes mocha, caramel, and vanilla sugar.  All of them are awesome and super rich and decadent. 5. COUNTER CULTURE COFFEE!6. As you can see from all the pics they have pretty good latte art.  In fact, I heard some of the baristas had won some local latte art awards.  Pretty cool.If you're looking for a solid coffee experience in a city that isn't necessarily known for it's coffee, please go here.  You'll be glad you did.
5	Definitely a trendy place to go and I must say the Best Late I have ever had. Home made caramel and great roasted beans from counter culture. Can't go wrong here.
5	yes.
4	I'm a big fan of a coffee shop that also serves top notch tea.  I've only been here once but was completely amazed at the pride the barista took in his job.  Honestly, who can make art out of their coffee?  Clearly these guys can but I would love to see some "nailed it" pictures from folks trying this at home.  I had the Oolong loose leaf tea, which was full of flavor and had a nice roasted aroma.  Would definitely recommend to any of the tea connoisseurs out there.The whole idea of the 7th Street Market is great.  It's a one stop shop full of excellent choices.
5	Perfect espresso pick-me-up in the afternoon! The barista was friendly and fast. I loved the sparkling water chaser too! It added to the refreshing feeling! A great part is people watching in the market!
5	I am really impressed with not just coffee. I consider myself very judge mental about my coffee, and this place definitely went beyond my expectations. I'm definitely ordering a cup to go. (Mocha latte did not disappoint)
4	Not Just coffee is a great place.  The coffee really isn't for me as it is more of a flavor/aroma type coffee instead of the I want to get jacked up and twitch coffee..  The coffee was just ok and seemed to be like a water coffee. So why 4 stars you ask????Well because their lattes and other drinks are simply amazing.  The amount of time this baristas take and the effort they put in in nothing short of great.  They show pride in what the make.  In the future I will stick to their lattes and caps
5	This is a really cozy spot in the middle of the 7th Street Public Market. The barista that helped me was very helpful and suggested something I had never tried before. They use locally sourced cream and are knowledgeable about their offerings. With beautiful  presentation of every drink and such nice people around, I will definitely come back!
5	There really isn't another word to describe this place than simply amazing!Came here Friday afternoon for a short coffee date before we left for out of town. We hopped on the light rail and road it straight to the end. We landed in heaven!Not Just Coffee is located in 7th Street Market and is among a handful of other stands in the building (sushi, bread, desserts, juices, farmers market, wine, cheese, pizza, etc). See my review for Pure Pizza for the food we ate with our coffee.I got the caramel latte and my husband got the mocha latte. It took about 5 minutes or so to get our drink, simply cause they take there time making your coffee just perfect. The caramel and choclate syrups are made in house. Our coffees came out with cute milk art. The caramel coffee was perfect. Great balance of the syrup, milk, and coffee. I loved my husbands mocha latte but have to admit that the caramel was better, in my opinon. We will absolutely come back to grap a drink and explore the other offerings at 7th Street Market.
5	I guess this is long over due. Especially with over a hundred check-ins. But, with a hundred checks-ins that should be my review. Well obliviously I love this place. They have made me a coffee snob the way Duckworth made me a beer snob, and Unwind in WI has made me a wine snob. If you go there you will never want to go to another coffee shop again. The staff is awesome they make you feel welcome and even like family. The owner is cool and does not take himself to serious. The rotation of coffee beans constantly amazes me. The homemade caramel for the caramel latte is to die for. I could go on and on but you just need to go and have the best coffee ever in your life.
5	The Bottom Line:Oooh - this is some good coffee. The caramel latte is a guilty pleasure well worth the extra time that you'll need on the treadmill.
5	Best. Latte. Ever. The barista asked if how I liked to drink my coffee. Sweet, rich and creamy. Yes, I'm one of those. I love my coffee slightly sweet with lots of cream. I'll admit it. Im not ashamed to say I can't stand the bitter tones that most lattes are known for. To me, it tastes burnt. But I digress. On to the review. She recommended the vanilla sugar latte. It was perfect. The boldness of espresso. The richness of cream. The undertones of vanilla bean didn't overpower and the flecks that were speckled throughout was just lovely. The aroma of sweet vanilla reminded me of a happy childhood memory, baking sugar cookies with my mom. It was beautiful. Just lovely to look at and I was filled with regret at disturbing the layers.I've been to the one off of south blvd near Luna's as well. I like the bar that you can sit at this location. Will be back to get my next latte fix soon!
2	It was Just Coffee.  Standard stuff with a standard hipster look and impersonal baristas.  Not worth a stop. I travel the country constantly and just rated Urban Standard in Birmingham, Alabama as the best I've ever been to.  Check out that review when you get a chance... there really is no better.  Going to this place in the same week made it worse.The issue isn't necessarily the coffee, the coffee was ok... nothing to be wowed by... it was the baristas.  They were ignorant.  Like they had better things to do than talk to you even though you were there to order coffee at a bar where they stare at you when they aren't busy.   I tried to talk to one, but I was literally ignored.  Like, I asked how their day was and the person stared at me blankly and walked away.  Who does that?I also saw a barista grab a spoonful of chocolate sauce and down it because she said she had a sweet tooth.... that's unprofessional and was kinda off-putting for the vibe this place is trying to have... don't slam chocolate sauce that goes into drinks in front of customers at a bar.If I lived in Charlotte I wouldn't be back.  There just has to be better in this town.
3	Came for a coffee per the reviews. The experience itself was good. The baristas seemed friendly and nice. They were a little slow as they like to have conversations with others. The set up is kind of strange- it looks like a bar with seating all around except one side with the creamers/sugars/etc. That made it difficult to order because you don't know where to stand to get someone's attention. The coffee was just that- coffee. We got the cone press/drip coffee so I thought it would taste fresh and vibrant but it almost tasted like old/strong coffee. I'm not sure if the beans weren't roasted properly or if they were old themselves but I really couldn't drink the coffee- I ended up tossing it. I wouldn't come here again- I just expect a more unique (not run of the mill) coffee joint to taste better.
4	I really like this place. The service was good and so were our lattes. I had the caramel latte while my boyfriend had the vanilla latte and we were both very satisfied. The atmosphere is nice and comfortable. Will definitely come back for more.
5	i am a fan.Unfortunately, I do not remember the barista's name, despite asking it, but the service was excellent today. The barista too time to talk to me and we shared coffee stories and laughed. The mocha is amazing and homemade! This is superb craftsmanship hands down. The espresso was perfectly pulled with a beautiful crema and the milk was silky smooth and slightly sweet to the taste. I will return every time I return to Charlotte. Validation of parking is super easy and you can park right under the building. (Thanks to the guys at Not Just Coffee for such great service. ps. the coffee shop I mentioned was Idego in Christiansburg, VA.)Go out of your way; it's easy and it's worth it.
5	yeeeeeeees!!!! yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yeeeeeeees!!!! yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yeeeeeeees!!!! yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yeeeeeeees!!!! yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yeeeeeeees!!!! yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yeeeeeeees!!!! yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes!
5	Have a sweet tooth? Try a caramel latteNot into the sweet stuff? Give espresso a chance. Dialed in and repeatedly tasted through out the day... I was impressed by that for sure. Not sure about the strong stuff? A cappuccino or Cortado should hit the spot. Great little shop, friendly baristas who know how to hustle. Drinks made so tasty you'll want to take one to go too. Manual espresso machineProfessionally trained baristasPour overs, kalita wave, siphon pot, chemex, aero press, they've got it all... Well, almost all. Busy and growing, sometimes you'll wait a minute for your drink, sometimes you'll wait twenty (Saturday and Sunday mornings). All are hand made one by one, and man can only move so fast, no matter how much coffee you give him. ;) Give em a chance, I was certainly impressed and fell madly in love from day one.
5	Although I am not an everyday coffee drinker, to experience the art of coffee I come here. All of their baristas are very knowledgable about all they offer, especially their international roast and the service is always delightful. Their poor overs as always exquisite and they treat their coffee like a Sommelier would his/her wine!  I host lots of meetings here and the market offers complimentary parking validation. Support local.
4	I love a good, local coffee house and this spot does not disappoint. Perk #1 (see what I did there) is the fact that they have almond milk and that makes me happy. One of the best almond milk lattes in the city. Not to mention the servers are always super friendly and cute!
5	There's no place like it. I started coming to Not just Coffee a little over two years ago, and from that day forward, no other shop could steal my affection. The owner of the shop, James Yoder, is an easy to talk to guy, with a love for coffee, and an even greater love for the people he serves. As the owner, he continues to work the same long hours he always has... Even when he's exhausted. He's the essence of dedication. His family have become the dearest of friends to my husband and myself.I'm currently spending time in Seattle, the coffee capital ;) even while I'm here, I can't help talking to the baristas about the shop back home, that, if they are ever on the east coast, should go out of their way to visit. Each cup ordered at NJC is made with such care and dedication. The baristas go through training at Counter Culture, and practice as much as they can to make each drink perfect. They really care about giving you their best performance each and every time. This shop is my favorite of all.
5	My partner and I were visiting Charlotte and were looking for the best cup of coffee in town. Not Just Coffee came up. I read some reviews before going and decided to check it out. This review targets those people who did NOT rate this coffee establishment a 5 out of 5. These are the people who drink flavoured coffees; the ones who don't know what an actual macchiato is; the ones who judge coffee shops by how good their iced coffee is. Theyr're buffoons. They're valley girls. They're suburbanites. Their ratings don't matter because they would just as soon go to Starbucks for an iced pedestrian coffee or caramel triple venti upside down macchiato. Ignore these people! End vent.This coffee shop is truly fantastic. The baristas take great care to pull outstanding shots of espresso. They pay attention to the texture of the milk poured into every cappuccino. This coffee shop is for people who truly know coffee and love it. It's an art to do this right. The coffee beans yield a fantastic smooth yet bold flavour, not too acidic. Delicious!If you are in Charlotte, and you love coffee, go here first.
4	This is an exciting little coffee shock on the north side of Charlotte.  Located inside the public market on the block, the bar itself can hold 15 people.  The baristas are ready for fall. Wearing muted colors and sporting hipster ratios.  Avett brothers is playing behind the bar and different teas are stacked in large silver canisters next to the Bose speakers, holding true to the Not Just Coffee name.  The Americano I sip on is not bitter, and i pick up citrus note. It  is not the smoothest. (Nothing wrong with it!!! Just had smoother).  I don't see any pastries for sale, prob. Because there is a bakery 20 feet to my left inside the market.  There are 3 or 4 other artisan shops inside as well.  This might not be a place to get work done, with screaming babies breaking up the coffee shop murmur, but the coffee is awesome...smooth, gracefully made with pour-overs, and great coffee equipment....they are serious about the coffee production.
4	The atmosphere kinda reminds me of an airport coffee bar. They have hot/iced coffee drinks and hot teas, I decided to give them a try.I ordered the earl grey tea latte, you have to sweeten your own drink,they provide simple syrup and sugar packets by the little side table. It does take a while to get your coffee/tea,about (10-15 minutes)so if you're looking for a quick coffee run this isn't the place. My tea latte was pretty good, not amazing ,maybe if I had it in the tea cup would be a better experience, but I had to get it Togo.I can't wait to try their coffee next time!!!
4	Trying the iced caramel latte today !!!! It is amazing, it's not overly sweetened like your corporate coffee places, and it doesn't taste  water down neither. It is legit an iced coffee! It tastes creamy and rich. The coffee tastes strong too ! I think I have never had an iced coffee quite like it before,and trust me I'm not exaggerating ,my fellow starbucks drinkers, this place has wayyy better taste /quality coffee than starbucks! I'm so impressed ! I can't wait to try more of their coffee/teas!!!
4	Rishi tea. I'm in! I guess that's why they call it not just coffee! For a tea drinker this is lovely!It was packed around the bar even during a weekday around 9am, so it must be more than just good too! Love what looks to be a dedication to their craft and some cool coffee art to admire!
2	Okay I must be missing something because I wasn't all that impressed with this place. We are not coffee connoisseurs by any means, but we have a palette that craves more than the crap Starbucks produces. I was super excited to try this place out and it was busy on a sat morning. We got in line and ordering was fairly easy even if the baristas didn't feel like explaining their products. I ordered a mocha and the boyfriend got a regular coffee. His coffee tasted burnt like the beans were over roasted (aka like Starbucks does). My mocha tasted off like the milk was turning. Maybe it was an off morning or maybe we have crappy palettes but overall just not impressed. The foam art was generic but well done! I just can't imagine going back again.
5	"I don't always drink coffee but when I do I prefer Not Just Coffee"The caramel latte here is a must try. Well balanced flavors and it's not overly sweet. It's just the perfect latte made with love by the great baristas behind the bar. I have only high praise for this establishment. The service is great and the coffee is nothing less than amazing. This is coffee done right!
5	Not Just Coffee is an oasis in the barren land of good coffee in Uptown Charlotte. You can come into 7th Street Market anytime and be greeted by a kind, yet cool barista ready to prepare for you a delicious handcrafted beverage. NJC brews Counter Culture Coffee from Durham, NC. These are some of the best beans you can find. NJC has a great relationship with Counter Culture offering some of their most interesting and rare beans and even encouraging customers to attend events and trainings at the Counter Culture HQ. Don't be fooled by their name, although they do have some pretty delicious and handcrafted non-coffee items (ie. Italian soda, loose leaf teas, & Cookie Cult Cookies), I recommend that you do not leave here without trying a pour over coffee. If that doesn't seem to be your style and you're a bit sweeter of a person than me, then try their Caramel Latte with their homemade caramel. It's magical. If you are able to journey to NJC in the fall, I highly recommend trying the unadvertised non-secret, the Fall Latte or as some call it, the Fallatte.The real treasure of Not Just Coffee is that every drink comes with hand poured latte art. This is NOT JUST any latte art, this is art on purpose and NJC baristas have brought home many a #QCTNT Latte Art title. Don't forget that you can park in the 7th Street Parking Deck and have your ticket validated for up to 90 minutes. Free parking for the best coffee in town. What?!I heard they love doing weddings and rumor has it that a well-known podcast, called #NJCFri, is recorded from this location every Friday morning at 7AM. Lastly, I leave with you a few more secrets to sweeten your experience at NJC. These are the equivalent of secret doors to a speakeasy or  inappropriate references in a Disney movie. To truly have the fullest NJC experience and be a part of this incredible coffee community, ask James about his favorite Korean movie or his balloon animal making skills, ask Taylor about this season's hottest fashions, ask Tanner if you want the nerdiest explanation about cold brew, ask Destiny what she will do with all her NJC inheritance money, ask Devin about the bar construction, ask Steve if he has a real job, ask Brad for life advice and definitely ask Kendall for a special spoon.
5	There are a few coffee spots that serve Counter Culture coffee in Charlotte but Not Just Coffee knows just how to brew your favorite roast perfectly and it shows. I've been here quite a few times and they're consistently wonderful. They are very knowledgable and patient with any and all questions you may have and I'm so pleased to have them down the street. Best coffee in Charlotte, hands down.
5	NJC always a delicious beverage, the baristas are knowledgeable and the atmosphere is very comfortable. Love it.  also I wish Kelsey would move back... ; )
4	I go here from time to time, and have had very consistent experiences. First, the good: their drinks are outstanding. My personal favorite is the ginger chai, since it has just the right amount of spice. The baristas take incredible care when making drinks and it shows. Now, the not-so-good: it can take forever to get a drink. As others have noted, there's not a clear line since it's organized around a bar, so you really just have to catch the barista's eye. I'm usually able to do that fairly quickly, but even then it takes awhile to get a drink. I usually wait at least ten minutes for my drink to be ready, but this past time it took over 20 minutes to get my drink once I'd ordered it, and even then she ended up moving it in front of another drink or two because I told her that I might have to leave without it since at that point I was going to be late to a meeting.  That's not so much of an issue if you're there to hang out for awhile, but it can be a problem if you are literally just stopping in to grab a drink on your way to work or something. Great coffee and location.... but just be prepared to wait (for awhile) for your drink.
5	The hype about this place is legit. The cold brew was everything that I have ever wanted a cold brew to be: strong, but not overwhelming; smooth and not bitter; really cold. Boyfriend's latte with the vanilla sugar was delicious. The baristas were fantastic. Friendly (in a genuine way) and knowledgeable. The one downside could be the wait time, but it seems like the regulars were used to it. Don't expect Starbucks speed, and in return you won't receive Starbucks quality.
5	Seventh Street Market has filled in quite a bit since I wrote my Not Just Coffee review (ROTD 5/9/2012). With the farmer's market, the wine shop, Pure Pizza, a bakery and more, there isn't much floor space left to be had. NJC, on the other hand, hasn't changed a bit.AND THAT'S NOT A BAD THING! They make excellent coffee and I have come around to the richness of what they sling here.Much better of a hangout joint now with the additional food options, but there is now wifi and power outlets and you can get your parking pass stamped for free/discounted parking.I had their caramel steamer (no caffeine, hoorah!) and an iced coffee to go. The steamer was light and sweet and perfectly caramelized. Did you know they make their own caramel here? It was perfect. The iced coffee was deeply flavored and needed no cream or sugar, which for me is a surprise as I usually add both.Yum!
4	$7 for a latte and a hot chocolate. Both very sweet, creamy and delish. Latte art even in our to go cups which was a nice touch. They've got counter seating with real mugs to stay or paper cups to go.
5	I thoroughly enjoyed the caramel latte I ordered from Not Just Coffee earlier this week. First, I absolutely love the 7th Street Public Market, so they get two thumbs way, way up for their amazing space. Second, all of my fellow lactose intolerant brethren can rejoice because they have ALMOND MILK (queue choirs of angels singing in praise).  Their customer service was top notch, my latte came out quickly despite a long line, and the baristas were very knowledgeable about their products. Also, their coffee is locally roasted, so it doesn't have they overpowering charred taste that you get from national chains. I highly recommend giving Not Just Coffee a try, you'll thank me later!
5	We grabbed two cups of coffee on our way out the door of the market and were so impressed. They freshly ground the beans for each cup of pour over. It's a bit pricey so it's definitely more of a treat than an every day spot but the quality makes the price absolutely worth it.
5	7 dollars for a Carmel latte AND Americano! Very impressed with how they make the coffee the price! Also, they have almond milk which was great!
4	had a great belgian waffle with marple sirop a busy place in the morning to enjoy New York atmosphere before heading off to
5	Best cappuccino I've had in Charlotte. Counter Culture Coffee (I ordered this coffee when I had my machine and imho the best around) and baristas that know what they are doing.  Will be back to try the drip and/or pour over.
4	I came here on a Sunday during their busiest time of day. 6 employees were working seamlessly and efficiently together. It's a tiny shop inside a large market- which gives them the advantage of not needing to offer food so they can concentrate on the coffee. Pourovers are done on a Hario V60 station, and I spotted a couple Hario siphons sitting in the corner but something tells me they don't get used on a busy day like this! Shots are pulled on a lovely 3 group La Marzocco Strada with custom wooden paddles. Milk is from Homeland Creamery, coffee is from the legendary Counter Culture. I enjoyed hearing bits and pieces of a conversation one of the baristas was having with a customer about Blue Bottle and its affects on the industry. My cortado took about 25 minutes to get... So don't expect it to be a quick stop. Worth waiting for.
