3	The beer probably helped, but I think I had fonder memories of this restaurant chain when I was in college.I must be getting old...the decor says "cheesy spraypaint t-shirts from swap meet" and sort of a laid back eclectic.  I did like that they painted faux peepholes in the exposed a/c ducts with funny little characters peeking out.What kind of lost it for me was that the place has just opened up and it looks kind of like a dump already.  I mean, I know it's supposed to be casual and beachy...but the booths already have butt-dents permanently ingrained in the vinyl.  Crusty stained menu = EwSticky floors = EwSticky table = EwStuffed animal order marker with food stains = NASTYUpside was the food was decent and so were the prices.  But  why are there waitresses when you have to go to the register to order food, get drinks, and refills, and get your own chips and salsa?  They were nice, nonetheless...still...Overall I just got a blah reaction.I had way better fish tacos in San Diego.
3	Chuys is definitely a casual dining place.  It refers to itself as a mesquite broiler, but the food seems pretty standard Tex-Mex.  I remember going to the location near 28th Street and Indian School when I was a teenager and it was a similar decor...however the old one seemed more beach-like than, as Margaret said "cheesy spray paint t-shirts from swap meet."What I did like about the facility is that it was very clean, well lit without glaring light, and spacious -- the tables aren't so close that you hit the people behind you when you are getting out of your chair.  Why do some restaurants do that?  How can being constantly bumped be an enjoyable meal time activity?  Again though everything was clean.Thankfully, we didn't get a stuffed animal marker.  The idea of having stuffed animals in a greasy food establishment is quite disgusting.  I only saw one table get one and it was a family with wee little children.I am not a partaker of buffets since I am not a fan of having everyone who has come through a restaurant touching my food, so I wasn't excited about the serve your own chips and salsa.  However, the sneeze guard was so large I could hardly reach the salsa -- and I have long arms.You do order your food at the counter and get your own chips, but the waitresses bring it to you and come by often to refill your drinks.The food was good.  We got a quesadilla, fajitas, and fries/chicken.  The portions were good with one exception...there were minimal tortillas with the fajitas, not near enough for all of the fajita insides.It definitely seemed like a place where everyone should be drinking!
3	After shopping all day, I wanted something pretty quickly and something that won't break the bank. Chuys was a good stop!They offer good specials. I ordered to go and got the chicken fajita for $5 or $6 and it was good! They made it within 10 minutes or so.The staff were very helpful and friendly! In addition, while you wait they have video game machines and the "prize grab" machine. It must have been a lucky night because my husband scored a stuffed animal for my niece. We all left pleasantly surprised!
4	If I were a fat man, Chuy's would be one of the reasons why!  Crazy cheep drinks, big portions, and a free chip & salsa bar.  They have several big screen TVs so you won't miss the big game(s) either.  They have a real nice selection of beers on tap, and some of the best drink & food happy hour (3-7pm) specials in town.  If they add queso to the chip bar I'm moving in!
4	Cheap eats in a laid back beachy atmosphere. You can easily feed a family of 3 for less than $20. I'm a big fan of the shrimp tacos and $1 make-your-own bloody mary bar on Sunday mornings. Fun, cheap place to hang out with a group of friends.
4	Tried this because of reviews from yelp I was not disappointed! The waitress was friendly and helpful! The food was hot and tasty! The prices were excellent! The only drawback was disposable plates and forks  but because the food was good and price was right can over look that! The restaurant is open and with the game on it was very loud, note to self try a day when no football is on! But it was a friendly atmosphere and everyone were enjoying the food, drink and game on multiple Tvs , will definately return and try other things on menu! I had the fajitas and husband had the enchiladas, both were good!
3	My friend and I came to Chuy's this past Monday for the first time, since we heard that they had great prices on food and we were thinking to have maybe just one drink since we are seriously so poor now that it's not even funny. So we got there and I decided to get the "5 star enchilada combo" or something like that for $4.99. Good amount of food, but the quality was a little below average. "You get what you pay for" totally applies here.  But let's cut straight to the chase: If you're looking to do happy hour right and on a budget, this is your place! $2 Margaritas and $2.75 for ANY Well Drinks (all tall glasses). And they're not stingy on the the alcohol :) . Great service too.  Our server was nice, attentive, and gave us lemon drops on the house. My advice: Come here for happy hour (Everyday 3pm-6pm) if you wanna get a lot of drinks for a good price.  But if you're looking for good Mexican food, you're better off going to Macayo's.
1	We don't have a Chuy's back home and so we thought we'd check it out.  Chuy fooey.  On the outside, it reminded me of an AppleBee's or an Outback setting where you sit down, get served, and chat with family for 2-3 hours.  Instead, think of this place as a fast food joint with the quality being similar to what you'd get at a carnival.After my first 3 bites, I immediately knew, "We should have ate at home."  The beans were equal to sloshing out of a tin can.  The rice remained dry despite adding ketchup.  And the tri-tip tacos that came highly recommended by the server were interestingly chewy yet watery.  Oh and how could I forget, the tortilla chips were so processed that each and every chip looked just like the other.And the service . . . my, what a comedy of errors.  We got 3 menus for 5 people.  The server, who we thought was directing us to our booth, innocently did a U-turn to do something else . . . completely unaware that she just handed us 3 menus.  She eventually took our order but forgot to check-in on us AND forgot about our "to-go" order which was a blessing in hindsight.  She was hardly 20 years old and couldn't focus longer than 30 seconds or knew enough to cover her out-pouches of skin.  Are there any pros you ask?  Well sure.  1)  They have a salsa bar with somewhat decent salsa on it, 2) and the most important one is that we don't have a Chuy's back home.
1	I have been here several times because I have met the owner, liked the food and drinks are very reasonable. However-I went last weekend with family which included 5 of us with children. We ordered and for the first time were very disappointed. I was so disappointed that I complained about my 6 year olds dinner (Nachos). Mind you I cannot recall when I actually lodged a formal complaint with an establishment regarding a food issue.The child's dinner consisted of very large portion of average tortilla chips in a bowl with a skimpy amount of cheese sprinkled over the chips and heated with a micro-wave. Very little cheese had melted, most of the cheese fell to the bottom of the bowl and the meal was horribly disappointing. After complaining about my son's $4.99 child meal (stretch on the word meal) on a total bill of $54, I was politely told that there was nothing the management could do about it. I however can do something about it.      - I tipped the waitress poorly to represent the overall service.     - I left vowing never to come back.     - I am writing this review for your convenience to pre-warn you to extreme disappointment. In the end I got the impression the owner (Tai - I believe) who was working in the kitchen, simply did not care. Almost like he was going out of business attitude and wanted every dollar today with no customer satisfaction regard for the tomorrows, kind of thing.BEWARE!!!!
2	My boyfriend and I went He got the Cali tacos which were good but didn't really have a lot of taste. My BBQ sandwich was good but didn't come with BBQ sauce! The meat was really delicious and tender but the bun was really sogggy and greasy. The sandwich end up making my stomach hurt.  The portion size for both meals was perfect though. Overall probably won't go back.
3	We ventured into Chuy's on Friday night, and didn't know what to expect. The decor is straight out of a cantina from any California boadwalk cafe. It offers pretty cool scenery with all the surf bbards and graffiti etc. The food - that's a different story, it' not that great. I had a Coors light from tap, it tasted old and flat, they needed to change to keg. Our food was California tacos fish, and steak was just ok, I've had way better. The only thing that I really enjoyed was the salsa n chips. So If I ever some here again, it would only be for the chips n salsa
5	Really great chicken.  I love their chicken salad.  ALWAYS great specials on food and margaritas.  I really like their mexican cole slaw and pick up 'to go' too.
3	Now we ate here twice this past weekend? Yes, twice! I had to make sure about their service, which is lousy! The first night, family and I had a quick dinner before our daughter had to work. I had the tri tip sandwich, mother had the burger sliders, and daughter had the cheese burger. FOOD! - I love tri tip, especially from Santa Maria, CA. I have yet to find a place just as good. Chuy's is alright, I ate it, I enjoyed it, but nothing worth writing home about. Wife did like their burger sliders a lot. Plenty of flavor. Daughter was not that impressed with the cheese burger. patty way to think, too much pepper.Service! - It it wasn't for Ofelia! We might still be their waiting for our food or getting our check. I even requested for Ofelia to receive the tip!Now, I enjoyed Chuy's enough to come back again, this time I ordered their pull pork sliders, daughter had their chicken strips, and wife had their tri tip tacos, and their chico tacos.Again, I enjoyed their pull pork sliders, you do need to add BBQ sauce to them. They to tend to be on the dry side.  Again the daughter was not that impressed with the Chicken tenders, and their tacos were awful! no taste at all.Now their service again was lousy! Their cook had to serve us the food? Never seen our waiter except when ordering? Had to walk up to the bar and asked for the check. The only reason I might come back is, the place is rockin on Friday night!
1	What happened to the friendly service and awesome margaritas?!?!!!  I will never go back after arriving at 8:30 p.m. and having the server dragging the trash can out the front  door and stack chairs on the tables and  at 8:45.  Come on! Really!?! The margaritas that were once so wonderful were horrible!  The manager used to come by the table to do a quality check...not this night... he didn't even glance our way even though the place was empty.  Shame on you for making us feel uncomfortable and rushed.
4	We were in town house hunting and drove up and down Bell looking for someplace (anyplace!!) that wasn't a national chain. We actually stumbled into Chuy's because I thought another building in the shopping area was a restaurant (I think that actually was a bank) and ran into Chuy's trying to get out of the parking lot.. It was getting dark, so we decided to just settle here.When we walked in, my initial thought was to turn around and walk out. This is not a fancy place! The wife says "This is the only place we found - we are staying here." Of course, we did (she who must be obeyed.)Turns out it was a very enjoyable experience. The service was fast and personable, the food was good and relatively cheap and the margaritas were great. My only warning is not to fill up on the Chips & Salsa - the main dish (tri tip for me, a salad for the wife) is worth a little wait.We ended up buying a house about 10 miles from Chuys - but we will definitely make the drive some night when the outdoor seating is open.
