5	This place just opened in the same plaza as Pita Jungle. They have a good selection of gelato, including dairy-free fruit. They also have frozen yogurt. There are two kinds right now, plain vanilla and lactose-free soy. The yogurt is the richest frozen yogurt I have ever eaten in my life... it's pretty tasy! You can mix various dry toppings for the yogurt, including little chunks of mochi! I'd like to see more yogurt flavors in the future, if possible, cause the vanilla was scrumptious but I am definitely more of a chocolate kind of girl. I had chocolate raspberry gelato mixed with cookies & cream, it was very good.-edit-I recently went back and had chocolate gelato mixed with the vanilla frozen yogurt. OMG, heavenly freaking awesomeness, the alternative taste between creamy sweet chocolate and creamy tart yogurt was soooo good.
4	I'm a gelato purist, so Chill is right up my alley. You don't have a million flavor choices, but the ones they have are classics done right, so there is no need. The same lady is always working when I go, and she is very friendly and upbeat. They haven't yet perfected the multi-flavor ratio in one cup, but I'm sure that will improve, and I'm a huge fan of anything with a punch card. So far my favorite gelato spot in the Valley :)
5	In my endless pursuit for the sought after "TART" yogurt I have found another winner!This place serves mostly gelato I think but has 2 flavors of Yogurt Original (the tart yogurt) and Original soy, which I did not taste but might be tart as well.This Yogurt was much creamier in texture than the icier textured"Ice Tango" but still had the familiar sweet tangy flavor that I LOVE so very much.Small selection of toppings, beautiful fresh fruit well chilled and covered.(see pics)At only $2.25 for the small it's a great deal, plus you get a punch card, it wont take long to fill up that baby!Only problem~ the parking lot is small so I had to circle around for a few minutes and luckily someone left, so I could park.
3	Sometimes you just dont get what you pay for. Like paying nearly 5 bucks for a large frozen yogurt and getting a less then half full cup. Then a buck for the first topping which was so stingy. I chose mochi and seriously, there were about 6 pieces. Were not talking quality over quantity here.. the frozen yogurt was good, very light sour yogurt taste, not much tang. I make the same recipe at home and its good but not 6 bucks a cup good. Maybe the lady there at Chill saw my fat ass and decided that she needed to put me on a diet! I did have a taste of the gelato and thought it was really good.. I think if I go here again I will certainly stick with the gelato.. seems that those cups are literally packed. You live you learn.
4	The frozen yogurt is delicious. It's tart just like regular yogurt. I got it half-and-half with raspberry gelato once. It was a perfect combo.The owners are also very nice -- it's good to support a local business.
4	People often make the mistake of assuming I know what I'm doing. That I'm a woman with a plan. It's an easy error to make; I'm a somewhat articulate woman working towards a bachelor's degree who holds multiple state credentials. Yeah, I guess a certificate with a photocopied signature on it can count as credentials, right? But in reality, there is no method to the madness. Like a jazz soloist or a Republican defending anti-gay marriage laws, I'm just making this shit up as I go along. I am often overwhelmed by seemingly trivial decisions, like "what color should I paint my nails today" or "should I give this place 1 or 2 stars?" Places like Coldstone or Baskin Robbins, therefore, frustrate me to no end.Do I get a flavor I know I'll like? Or do I branch out? But what if that flavor's totally nasty and I can't finish it? What mix-ins should I get? Oh god there are people in line behind me, make up your mind, voice in my head!!!When Amanda B brought me to Chill, the first thing I noticed was the wide array of gelato flavors. Immediately, I felt myself paralyzed with indecision. Oh shit. Pineapple and Coconut? Dulce de Leche? Sweet Zombie Jesus, they have a Twix flavor! Oh Eris, goddess of cha--oh wait, you wouldn't do me any good in this situation, would you?Off-handed, perhaps sensing my panic, Amanda's sister Allison grinningly said to me "you've got to try the chocolate pistachio. It's the best."At first I was a little hesitant to take her suggestion. While chocolate is awesome and pistachio is awesome, 2 x awesome does not always awesome squared. Other examples of two awesome things that suck when put together; Babies and movie theaters. Girlfriends and strip clubs. Roleplaying games (fuck yeah I slayed a dragon!) and the internet (sorry guys, I can't go out tonight, gotta stay home and do a raid with my guild).But Allison assured me that this would be all the chocolatey pistachio goodness I could ever ask for. I was sold. Legend has it that once, an Italian merchant once gave Buddha a bowl of gelato. Buddha was so delighted with the dessert that he reciprocated the gesture and gave the merchant a book of Buddhist teachings to bring back with him to Italy. Unfortunately the merchant's ship was sunk on the voyage home, and Buddhism didn't reach Italy for hundreds of years.What does that have to do with my review? Nothing. The chocolate pistachio really was amazing. And at 2.59 for a small it has a reasonable cost/delicious ratio (I'm assuming anyway. Allison covered me in the event I didn't like mine so she could finish it herself). I may not be as well versed in the art and science of gelato as others, but I can tell you from my limited experience that it was creamy, chocolatey, smooth, nutty and everything I am told gelato is supposed to be. Maybe next time I will choose a flavor by myself. But I wouldn't count on it. I was late for work today because I couldn't decide which pair of pink flip flops would better match my Sarah Jessica Parker jeans. I am completely flabbergasted as to how I get out as much as I do.
5	So when I went to NYC I found this magical place called Pinkberry! Since my trip I have been craving frozen yogurt that had that tart taste! Finally something that isn't gelato, bleh! I got regular frozen yogurt with fruity pebbles and raspberries, yum! I've never tried anything with fruity pebbles on it, but boy was I surprised! It has a nice crunch that compliments with the smooth frozen yogurt. This place is pretty magical indeed, I want to back there as soon as possible!
5	Wow, Chill rocks. Frank and his lovely wife, the proprietors, are fantastic. The prices are super low and the gelato/sorbet is awesome. While we were there, a little kid dropped the top part of his cone on the ground. Frank replaced it for free. Then he gave us a sample of the fat-free, sugar-free chocolate sorbet, which made me want to buy a pint of it... after I had already eaten a baby sized Mango/Pomegranate mix. Yum. How about this: Go have dinner/lunch/breakfast/whatever at Pita Jungle, then walk across the parking lot to Chill for dessert. That sounds like the perfect evening.
2	I never knew this place was where it is until I saw it on YELP! You can't really see it from Apache. It is tucked in behind Eddie's Pizza, a tiny Fillabertos, next to Planned Parenthood.The reviews on here were so high I had to check it out. I love frozen yogurt, ice cream and especially gelato. Well...... the owners everyone speaks so highly about were not there. It was Sunday andw e got there at 250pm and had to hang around, they don't open until 3pm.The guy who was working was very friendly and helpful. I have to say as a self-proclaimed gelato fanatic I was dissappointed. They didn't have any of the great traditional flavors. I ended up getting no sugar added chocolate which was good and blueberry sorbet, wich I also enjoyed. But, I wish they had a larger selection. The best place I have found in Tempe or Mesa is Angel Sweet at Riverview, but I am now going to venture West and see what Phoenix has to offer.
3	Noticed this place after a dinner at Pita Jungle. I have a new found love for gelato so I decided to check it out.The gentleman working the counter must have been an owner as he commented on his wife making all the flavors. Anytime an establishment is run by an owner it tends to be great friendly service. Yay mom and pop places! Thank you for forging ahead in these uncertain times.So they have Avocado gelato.. I've learned that if something seems super weird/crazy on a menu that its always worth a try. If it was horrible its very unlikely it would be on the menu.. unless it was brand new.Flavors Sampled:Avocado:The guy told me I wouldn't be sorry for trying it and he was right. The creamy/fatty flavor/texture of the avocado was a great pairing. Gelato is much lower in fat then regular ice cream so the added fat from the avocado didn't make it overly heavy. It was very smooth, creamy and refreshing.Peanut Butter:By now those poor souls who actually read my novel like reviews know my love for peanut butter. This had an amazingly strong peanut flavor and was made with real peanut butter. I didn't ask which brand but I'm guessing it was not one filled with sugar. Was a very dark rich roasted peanut flavor verses the sugar bomb type we usually get in baked goods/sweets.Strawberry(no sugar added):Had a nice strong strawberry flavor but was a little overly sweet like most sucralose type products.Mango:Super strong mango flavor. There was no guessing what you were eating. Not sure how they got this much flavor from a natural product but I don't believe they use any artificial flavoring.I ended up getting half and half peanut butter/avocado.. and no I didn't mix them.. that would be weird even for me :POne other cool thing I noticed was a topping they had. The Costco peanut butter filled pretzels. Imagine how tasty that would be with some peanut butter ice cream or chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream.. YUM!One thing they had going that gelato spot and many of the others don't is the large size selection. There were 5 or so different sizes and ALL sizes including the smallest could be mixed. Most have a large and a small and will only do a single flavor in the small. I like that you can get as much product as you want.. cuts down on waste and probable overeating.
5	Great Place for a Vegan treat! Vanilla soy frozen yogurt, soy based gelatos and vegan crepes! Everything is made on site and they don't use Corn Syrup in any of their products!! That alone is a reason for 5 stars! My only complaint is that they don't have much for toppings and are really scarce on the fresh fruit.From now on this is my go to place for a frozen treat!
5	This place makes me want to order the largest size, eat all of it, lick the cup, spoon, napkin, my fingers, the counter, anyone else in the store who is also indulging and then make out with the owner for creating such delicious cold creamy decadence that not only I can enjoy but also my vegan sister. Added bonus: cute clean restroom
3	Gelato. The only places I've tried are Angel Sweet and the place next to Lee Lee's. This place is decent.There isn't much of a flavor selection compared to what I'm used to at the aforementioned places, and to be quite honest, this was a slight issue. WHERE IS MY MANGO?!? I had to settle for Strawberry Sorbet and some chocolate. The strawberry sorbet was more like a smoothie or something, kind of unappealing. The chocolate was pretty good, and I think I might be down to try some cookies n cream next time. I guess if you're in the area and want some gelato, check this place out. If you want the best and a large variety... :)
2	Not impressed AT ALL.The guy working the counter and the owner lady making the frozen desserts were very nice and that is about the only positive about our experience.I tried a sample of the strawberry birthday cake gelato.  YUCK!  I noticed they didn't have any plain vanilla soft serve ice cream.  At this point I decided not to even get anything for myself and here I was really looking forward to coming to this place.One of my kids got the mint chocolate chip flavor.  I tried a bite and it was downright DISGUSTING.  It was airy and melted in texture with to large of chunks of chocolate chips, IMO.If you want frozen yogurt I recommend Orange Leaf self serve frozen yogurt.  If you want gelato I recommend Angel Sweet.  If you want ice cream or soy ice cream or custard I recommend Sub Zero.  Don't bother with Chill.
4	The nutella ice cream is awesome.
4	Solid 4.5 stars.Had the Soy Chocolate Chili, and it was THE BOMB.  BOMB I say.  Went down cold, then left a spicy BITE in the mouth.  I loved it.  I'm getting more of it you can bet.Nicely priced, lots of flavor and style and size choices, very clean store, very nice employees/owners.If you like Gelato, this place won't let you down in ANY way.
5	I give these guys major props for having vegan gelato that actually tastes really good. I knew about this place before, but didn't check it out until I purchased a deal on living social. And I am so glad I did! Went in for the first time last week. They had two flavors of vegan gelato, six flavors of sorbet (which is also non dairy) and I think they had one or two flavors of vegan soft serve, among other dairy based flavors of gelato and soft serve. I opted for both flavors of the vegan gelato. The guy working the counter was really nice. He told us they rotate the flavors about once a month, so they always have something different. The flavors I got this day were pistachio and amaretto chocolate. Both were really good. And I have had REAL gelato before. Like the kind in Italy. And these were just as good. I wont say better because nothing beats Italian gelato, but these were definitely the best vegan gelato I have ever had. I went back a couple of days later and they had a third flavor of gelato out, spicy chocolate. It was definitely spicy. There is no way I could ever eat an entire cup of it. But it was good for a couple bites. I am excited to go back in a few weeks to see what new flavors they have.
5	Went to check out this new treat place and was completely impressed.....I was like "Oh hell ya, vegan gelato!!!!"Frank helped us out, offering us samples and letting us know what he puts in the gelatos to make them. I chose a bit of the Pistachio Soy Gelato and Chocolate Soy Amaretto. There wasn't a bit left in the bowl after 5 minutes. I am going to be gaining some pounds over the summer. I can already tell.
4	Smooth, rich, flavorful.... vegan?  I was a bit doubtful about trying soy gelato (soy-lato?), but after trying the spicy chocolate, I was hooked.  I had a mix of the chocolate soy and a regular mixed berry, and while both were very good, the mixed berry was a bit more icy rather than smooth.  The spicy chocolate was very rich, smooth, and had great spicy flavor.  I could not taste any real "soy" flavor either, which was nice.  They have a diverse selection of flavors, including sugar free selections.  Definitely a great place to get dessert!
5	Learned about this place from Group-on.  Very friendly service.  The absolute, very best pistachio gelato that I have ever eaten.. In my life... and I am old.. So that tells you that is very good.  New favorite "Chill" place in the valley!
2	Reasonably priced compared to most yogurt places, but yogurt had a weird taste, like it was on the edge of spoiling....yuck.
5	Got a quart, and the person at the counter (I think she was the owner) was so sweet and friendly.  She tried to pack as much gelato as she could in my quart, and let me sample as many flavors as I wanted.  I am in love with the spicy chocolate, pistachio, and mango flavor!  Upgrade to 5 stars!
4	I'm a big Chill fan.  It's got delicious gelato with some options for sugar free and other special diet needs, fresh fruit, and everything you need.  Yummy.  Fun and friendly customer service.  Wishin you luck in this newer location, dudes!  I'll be back and so will my friends, again and again!
5	I was at the Arizona Mills Mall and came across this icky gelato cart and thought  "Hey, there HAS to be some GOOD gelato close by here. After all I AM in the desert!!"  So...I yelped it and off I went to find Chill. Well, I just returned from this place. They get 5 stars for everything!!! I had a hard time deciding what to get because it was all so dang good!! I must of had a dozen samples to try to figure out what I wanted. The owner served me and told me "Well, you can get three different ones if you'd like!" So I did!!  =)She had a 30% off coupon if you use Yelp so that was a nice added bonus. I just took the 30% off we saved and tossed it into the tip jar. The next time I am back in the Phoenix area I will definitely stop by. =)
4	Very good gelato. Counter staff is super helpful and friendly.
5	Great gelato and amazing sorbet!  Owners are super friendly and a great place to have dessert.
5	I love Chill! The people behind the counter are very nice. The prices are great. The gelato is delicious. Try Dark Chocolate and Peanut Butter together, Oh my!
4	Good gelato, excellent service. He was very helpful and offered many samples!
5	Great place for gelatine.  Frank is awesome, so is all the other staff.  Everyone is friendly, they offer samples and suggestions and now they even have a way to save money while there!  I heart Chill!
5	Yes! My partner and I just visited today and woo hoo!When I first walked in I only saw two options that said "soy" and so I was a little bit disappointed by the selection. When it was our turn to try samples, she explained that everything on the left side was vegan. My face must've lit up, because she gave us both a smile. Really? You mean I don't have to just go with one option and pretend I'm excited about it? I first tried the Almond Soy and oh my god was it creamy. Reminded me of real ice cream. Next I tried their Soy Spamoni. Now whoa. I cannot even describe to you the dance my mouth had. It was all kinds of amazing.My partner went with the regular Coffee flavored ice cream and was equally impressed. We both got our gelato on the cake cones and she layered two huge scoops for a little over $2. Wa-wa-wee-wah! Oh, and one of the best parts is that their gelato is homemade. Honestly, what could be better than that?Take my advice, try it here at Chill. I doubt you'll be disappointed.
5	This is all you need to know:- AWESOME and friendly family owned business- NON-DAIRY gelato that consists of non-fruit flavors... yes, you heard me correct, non-dairy gelato with non-fruit flavors!! - NON-DAIRY frozen yougurt- NON-DAIRY shakes- NON-DAIRY root beer floatsSo yeah, go there, support this business.
5	Yum! Options for everyone, including soy and sorbet. Awesome local ice cream/gelato shop. Don't miss out on this gem.So glad it moved south to Southern and McClintock!
4	HOORAY FOR AWESOME DAIRY-FREE SOFT-SERVE!Recently, I went to Chill for a post-dinner treat with some friends. I was amazed at the dairy-free options and how *great* everything tasted.  Like most gelato places, Chill is eager to give you samples to help you decide what to get.  If you're    I got the vanilla soy soft-serve, a perfect and simple end to the day.
5	I was on a search last night to find a vegan ice cream spot for a friend that wasn't frozen yogurt, and stumbled upon Chill!  This place has an awesome selection of both vegan and non-vegan gelato, root beer floats, toppings and more.  Much more than your standard ice cream spot.  The service was friendly and we both really enjoyed our selections; me the mint chocolate chip/dark chocolate, friend the mango.  We were expecting the typical couple of scoops so both went for the large...go large at your own risk because they pack it in there!!!  I was on gelato overload by the time I was done but it was so so good I couldn't stop eating it!  A good amount of seating inside, a nice place to hang out for your after dinner dessert or on a hot Phoenix day.  Enjoy!!!
5	Chill is amazing! I have recently become very lactose-intolerant and I miss grabbing fro-yo and gelato with my friends. Then I found Chill through a WeeklyPlus deal, and all I can say is WOW. They have the most non-dairy options I have ever seen at a gelato/froyo place, period! My favorites are spumoni and mango. Oh, mango. As silly as it sounds, Chill has the hands-down mango-iest mango gelato I have ever tasted. So delicious! The guy who owns the place is very friendly and you can try as many flavors as you like -- which is great if you're super indecisive like me. They have free WiFi and plenty of outlets for hanging out while you're enjoying your delicious treats. I will definitely be back here regularly. Can't wait to try the soy soft-serve!
5	They were kind and opened a few minutes early for us and another customer!The staff was really friendly and invited us to sample all we wanted, of course our son's eyes lit up and we had to explain what "sample all you want" meant.  Our son thought he had hit the Gelato Jackpot!Chill has some really great flavors to choose from, we enjoyed Spumoni, Creme Brulee, Birthday Cake and Chocolate.  We did sample the Pistachio and Mango too.We were excited to grab some great gelato and service with a genuine smile.  We'll be back for more "samples"!
5	I went to Chill because I saw the good review on happycow and was VERY impressed! Their non-dairy and vegan options are amazing and the lady behind the counter was very helpful! Try the peanut butter soy gelato it is to die for! I am going to come back soon!!!!! Best dessert price!
3	First off, I enjoy going to family own businesses and this was no exception.  The owner was very friendly, telling us about all the various products he has and how they are made.  However, as much as I wanted to like this place, I have to say their gelato doesn't taste as rich and flavorful as other places.  Maybe my taste buds were having an off night but I will give them another try.
5	The only word i can use to describe this little hole in the wall is WOW. First i have to say that i have a soft spot for locally owned places with homemade offerings. This place's gelato is simply out of this world, i had a pint of half mango and half berries....both sugar free/vegan gelatos. I could go on and on on how rich and unspoiled these flavors were but i will let all of you make that decesion when you go there. So in this summer's heat head there you wont be one bit dissapointed!!
5	Traveling through Arizona on a hot summer night, I needed to cool down with some froyo.  And I was staying near this place and decided to try it out.  What great service, and a great selection of both dairy and soy based gelatos.  I swear they let me try one of every flavor and I ended up getting a variety.  Some of them were a bit too sweet, but I loved the Mango with the blueberries on top.   The people working there were very very friendly.   I hope this business does well.  And remember to check in on Yelp when you get there for an extra percentage off.  At least that was going on when I was there.
5	If you haven't tried CHILL before.... PLEASE DO Southern/McClintock!!!! Favorite thing on the menu is the Chill Beri Fo Yo, topped with raspberries and strawberry sauce!!! All I can say is YUM!!!!!!! My boyfriend loves the Red Velvet Flavor Gelato as well, def in my top 5 of flavors. Due mix the peanut butter gelato with Nutella gelato. Tastes like an amazing peanut butter cup!!!! I would give it 10 stars if I could!!!!
4	08/31/11Stumbled onto Chill while exploring the area before settling down for dinner (at Lobby's).  The clerk here was friendly and accommodating w/ sample requests.  After dinner, I came back and ordered a cup of three flavors: dark chocolate, chocolate sugar-free, and panna cotta.  I was delighted w/ all of them!  Surprisingly, my favorite of the three flavors I'd ordered was the one I had not sampled beforehand, the sugar-free chocolate.  I definitely will be back!Psst!  Don't forget to take a loyalty card w/ you, as she may forget to mention it!
3	Good gelato place, but lacks traditional Italian flavors that I've grown to expect from a gelato place.  Very friendly staff and the location is nice, too.
5	I love the new spot that Chill has moved to. It does kind of take away from the coziness being that it's much larger but they provide much more than they did before. I love it. If I'm in a mood gelato, Chill is the place I go and recommend.
5	Chill is amazing! The gelato is amazing and so are the dairy-free choices! Sandy is so kind and welcoming and very well trained in the art of making gelato! The prices are also incredible! Be sure to try the cake batter flavor!
5	the best...ever...gelato-wise. super nice people too, they opened a bit late for me and a group of 7.
4	The gelato is top notch. Really great flavors. Maybe I just had bad luck with the server but she didn't know how to make a malt, she even said that she thought a malt and a shake were the same thing and I had to tell her how to make it, and to top it off she used way too much milk, not enough gelato and so it was more like a chocolate milk than it was a malt.
4	This place makes some of the best vegan gelato/ice cream I've had. If you're vegan, skip the (kinda gross) soy froyo, and eat one of the gelatos. The service was super friendly and all the gelatos were super tasty. I had a big scoop of peanut butter soy gelato. It was by far the best peanut butter based ice cream I've ever had.
5	I found this place because of a coupon at ASU, and boy do I feel lucky.This is honestly the best gelato store I've found.The owners are the cutest couple, and I chatted with the wife for a while, and learned just how passionate she is about making new, exciting, and delicious gelato. And she is very good at it.The favorite flavors I've stumbled upon so far are Creme Brulee and Birthday Cake, but I've also seen wonderful things like Nutella, and orange creme. The let you try multiple samples if you want, they rotate in new flavors often, they have dairy free, the putter butter vegan goodness :PPlus, the price is really right. I'm a low college budget, but they have various sizes, great coupons, and great deals. Like, fridays are college days so all college kids get a discount. I think - you may want to fact check me on that one.But they really great and I hope they do well! They have a least one loyal customer here! (And all the friends I drag along)
4	Holy cow, this place has some really tasty gelato. Super creamy and so rich that you only need a tiny cup to be completely satisfied.Bonus: plenty soy gelato choices for your vegan friends. Everyone will be happy at Chill!
5	CLOSED.Sadly.As of 10-27-2011, CLOSED FOR BUSINESS.  The Basha's in their strip closed, and that wiped out a lot of their business.Too Bad.  Nice people, selling a great product the right way.  Darn.
5	Best yogurt and gelato I've had. Non vegan options are delicious, vegan options are delicious. Really friendly staff. My new go to ice cream shop.
