5	This place is great!  So much stuff and such great prices!  There are always new items out and the staff is so friendly.  They really try to help you find what you are looking for or give you ideas about what you can use.  And, its a nonprofit!  All the money raised goes to support the local schools through their education foundation.
5	Okay so I wrote out the long detailed review about my experience here but then I deleted it all.  Words do not do this place justice.  This is by far the coolest store I have ever been in anywhere.  Go see for yourself!
5	One of the most magical places on earth, and certainly my favorite place in Champaign-Urbana. If you're into crafting, DIYing, or just tend to MacGyver your way through life, this is definitely the place for you.  There is always something new and awesome to discover here, whether you're looking for a specific item or tool to complete a project or are open to being inspired by whatever they happen to have in stock that day, you surely won't be disappointed. I can also strongly recommend volunteering here, if you have a bit of free time to spare. It is so satisfying to help sort through & organize their donations, and a lot of fun to see all the cool stuff that comes in everyday!
5	This is a really interesting store!  If you're into crafting or just like random things, give the IDEA store a visit.  They take donations and they have every random thing you could ever need.  From glass test tubes, to scraps of fabric, to plastic beads- they have it all.They also do birthday parties for kids, I saw a group of kids with hats walking through the store and gathering goodies for crafts.
5	I've made everything from a poster for a student organization to room decor from supplies I've found here. If you're a swing dancer, raid the fake flowers for hair accessories. I also tend to find old map paper and photos for fun decorations.They sell everything by the pound here, for mere cents and dollars. I think the most expensive thing I bought was two dollars at most. Keep an open mind, and this place is your oyster.
5	This place is awesome! They have any kind of random junk you would need to make some cool artwork! Just about everything is sold by the pound, which also makes it really cheap! My friend got a bunch of stuff to make a "mad eye moody" costume, and it was really cheap and she looked great!
5	What a GREAT concept!! This place is so much fun!  Every city needs an IDEA store - great way to repurpose/recycle!!!  If you are in the Champaign/Urbana area, a visit to the IDEA store is a MUST!!
5	I didn't know about this store until I took one of the art courses at Parkland College. Now I am a "regular" there. Lots of craft items and unexpected things. Lots of recycled things. I never know what I am going to find until I see it.
