3	Brand new 101 here hit the ground running this morning at 10 AM.  It's a big, pretty place featuring sushi made while you watch, & I counted up 88 food items, plus sauces & dressings.After landing in a comfortable booth, I started with their Hot & Sour Soup, which was delicious, & had meat in it... something I always appreciate.  There were most of the regular items that we have come to expect at a good-sized Chinese Buffet, & here are a few more tastes that stood out for me:*  Excellent Salad Bar, with SIX dressing choices!*  Delicious, bone-in BBQ Pork Spare Ribs!*  Big, tasty breaded, fried shrimp!*  Scallops on the half-shell, with a shrimp thrown in too, just for fun!*  Oysters on the half-shell!*  Your choice of several flavors of REAL ice cream!So here's an fun new Chinese Buffet in North Phoenix.  3 1/2-Stars!
4	As an avid buffet hound, I LOVE this place!  After seeing many positive reviews on Yelp, we thought we'd try out this new place.  The buffet is large and has a lot of variety, with quality items.  The sushi buffet was very good for a buffet restaurant.  I can't wait to come back here for another meal.
3	found this new buffet to be average at best.sure it's pretty clean....NOW, but it's new; just give it a few years and i'm sure it'll fall right into line with it's peers.the food had way too many items designed to please the picky american 4 year old.  there was a high greasiness factor to many dishes, and despite what seemed at first glance to be a large selection, all of it was just  blah.There are so many of these boofays popping up, that instead of seeing them as all the same, the differences - both subtle and glaring - will be all the more evident.101 is nowhere near the top of the list of chinese buffet choices in the valley, or even in the immediate area (unless maybe you are within walking distance, then maybe it's the best in the IMMEDIATE area!)
3	This place is good until you have the soup!
4	When I was up to this big, pretty place at the first minutes of their first opening day, 5/27, I didn't say much about how they didn't quite have all their Peking ducks in a row, but it did affect my rating some, & I knew I'd need to come back in a month & reevaluate the place.  Now, they're completely organized & there were no shortcomings at all in food or service today.I started with their still terrific Hot & Sour Soup, which has meat in it & chives right there to add in.  Then it was on to the salad bar where, along with the usual fare, there were Chinese fruit choices, FRESH pineapple, & a delicious Chinese Salad, with chicken, bok choy, bean sprouts, & so on, plus a wonderful, unusual dressing...  so good, so good!Then over at the hot tables, there was Pepper Squid with a creamy, delicious flavor, & it wasn't rubbery at all.  I could have filled up on just that.  The same held true of the Scallops on the Half-shell...  just reeeeally good!  Then there was the great fried chicken.  Most all of these Chinese Buffets have fried chicken, it, but seldom as good as it is here.  Besides that, the recipes of some of the "same as the other places" dishes are special, too!  There are subtle, delicious, unusual flavors to everything from the Sushi to the Lemon Chicken. The desserts are especially good too (heads-up Mike C!), & both the host & my server were just precious!    :-))
3	Don't be fooled by the sushi sign, you will be disappointed. You go in there and expect lot of sushi like the one in Tempe but all they have are couple type of sushi rolls and they are not very good.  However, they do have  a good Chinese buffet line. It is newly refurnished and is clean. (The place used to be a Black Angus). The server is courteous and quick. The price is higher than the other buffets in area. Hope they will improve on their sushi selection or take down the sushi sign.
1	Updated review, September, 2011.  This Asian buffet has gone way down hill.  Our last experience there was terrible.  The food was just awful.  The sushi was stale and no sushi maker in sight.  I take back every bit of my previous review, I will not go back.  (Previous review)  If you like Sushi, you will like this place.  At least 12 different sushi varieties.  The buffet of Asian food was very good.  The buffet does include American food which enlarges the appeal to families, not all 4 year olds are in to Asian.  The food was excellent.  The crab legs actually had flavor.  The dessert bar was nice.  We live near this restaurant and will go often.  I hope it maintains its food quality and does not fall into the buffet trap of yuck food and skeezy presentation.  For Asian buffets, this is the best in the nortwest Valley.
3	This is pretty much the run-of-the-mill asian buffet.Their American food selections were sub par.
3	After a recommendation from Rand H. my hubby & I came here Sunday night. The restaurant was very clean & had a nice layout. When we were 1st seated a male server took our drink order, then throughout the meal a female server took our plates. Both were very sweet. What did surprise me though were the bathrooms. The sink area was actually super clean but the stalls & toilets were VERY dirty. I just washed my hands & waited till we got home to use the restroom. There were quite a few buffet options to chose from, plus a salad bar & sushi station. The stand out items for us were: crab legs, mussels baked w/cheese on top, green beans in some sort of sauce, mini eggrolls, sausage w/mustard & salmon. For dessert we each had some tiny cakes (coconut & coffee flavored) & I got a piece of this apple turnover looking thing w/some vanilla ice cream on top. Total including tip was about $30. Fair price for a buffet & we would probably come again if we were in the mood for it.
4	Three - no four, no - three... As we arrived on a Saturday at around 12:45, we thought the place might not have been open, as the parking lot was devoid of all but a few cars. Inside, as the friendly maitre'd escorted us to our booth, we noticed there were few patrons. It was obvious we wouldn't be bumping elbows at the ample buffet that awaited us. The seating area gave off a contemporary, not overly Asian, but clean vibe.Once the waitress expediently took our drink order, we swooped in directly on the all-you-can-eat sushi bar. There were several items, various rolls and sashimi. Even the seaweed purses that I love. However, although nothing looked really old, it didn't scream fresh, either. There was a huge amount of nice wasabi for the taking, and choices of low-sodium or regular soy sauce alongside the ginger. I took one of each sushi item, and it all tasted okay. Nothing bad, but nothing super awesome, either. Our next plate was a trip to the buffet tables. They had many items, including some American, such as Prime Rib (looked nice but I didn't try it) a disturbingly long roll of Italian sausage (I won't tell you what it reminded me of, but I can tell you it looked very out of place on a Chinese buffet) and pizza. I eschewed these items, of course, for stuffed crab and scallops, various shrimp dishes, some string beans, and a bit of each Ameri-Chino item. Everything was okay, but it all seemed to taste the same - sugary salty without much spice. There were  also crab legs and salmon, fish, crawfish, clams, and a few other seafood items. Also just okay.Next trip up with a new plate, armed with our newly found wisdom about the average buffet, we headed back to the sushi bar. Now the sushi chef was back, and there were several new, more fresh, rolls added to the bar. They were much better than what we had on the first plate! However, there were also some rolls that appeared deep-fried - I tried them and came to the conclusion that they had dipped the old, dated sushi in tempura and deep-fried it. I quickly spit the offensive food out. The rest of the sushi was pretty good, and my husband raved about a couple of rolls that seemed a bit more inspired in flavor.The dessert / salad bar was exactly that: strange arrangement of iceberg lettuce and hot peppers in between sweet treats. Ice cream lovers will be thrilled to learn they had real hard ice cream flavors to pick from. I had a delicate pastry square that I, not usually a sweet tooth, thought was pretty good. My husband had some of that pudding that you see at pretty much all of the buffets. They also had some syrup drizzled bananas that looked tempting. I'd sooner have more fresh sushi than any of it, though. Most things on the salad / dessert bar looked fairly plain and innocuous.I know what you're thinking: Why would I give this place 4 stars? Well, I'm going to give it the benefit of the doubt - that Saturday afternoons are not the busiest time in this particular area of town for a restaurant, and they did their best in spite of it. The place was clean. The service was very good and friendly. There seemed to be more employees than customers. It was the least expensive sushi bar that I know of within miles. It is licensed and has reasonably priced drinks (imported Tsing Tao for $1.99!!!). I will go back some time on a week day to find out if they are busier, and that this brings fresher, more flavorful food. The best thing of all about this place, is that, unlike most Chinese buffets, it did not give me severe gastric upset. Now that's worth 4 stars right there.
4	Went back on a Saturday night, and now I'm saying it's a definite 4 star. I went primarily for the sushi. The sushi chef kept hopping, delivering up ample amounts of a diverse variety of fresh rolls. Service was pretty good. They were out of beer glasses for my Tsing Tao, so they offered me a frosty wine glass. Weird, but at least it showed they cared about their customers. Minus a star for an okay Chinese buffet with some questionable American food items. The stuffed clams and szechuan steamed fish  were pretty darn good, but the crab legs were more comically skinny than my own. Looking at the meager, dry-looking roast beef leftovers next to liquefied potatoes, and gravy with a thick skin on top, was a real turnoff, as was the out-of-place looking roll of Italian sausage and pizza. In my opinion, there should be nothing at an Asian Buffet that warrants ketchup or mustard. Most of the rest of the stuff on the buffet looked okay to good.Once again, I left without the typical screaming tummy effect that happens to me at most of these types of buffets. I was there for the sushi, which was very good, indeed. Everybody in our party, including a hard-to-please curmudgeon, who was thrilled with the low check amount, was satisfied and happy, and that's enough for the solid four for me.
3	Had lunch here today with Rand H. Robyn N. Ryan C. Darren C. and Scott W. the place is nice and clean inside and the food was ok ,they had some BBQ pork that was real good but was more like roast pork. The onion rings sucked they were rubbery and tasteless and they had no Chinese donuts {there's a star} the rest of the food was ok.So I will say a solid 3 stars for 101 Asian Buffet.
3	Got together with Scott W., Ryan C., Daren C, Mike C., & Robyn N. for a fun, lunchtime UYE today!This is an update for me, & although everything was ok, as it was before, this place is now being outshined by some of the other Chinese Buffets in the area, & I have to lower it down to 3 Stars.  I'd say it's not bad at all, but it's average.     :-)
3	I have been here several times and it is always consistent. The food is standard fare for Asian Buffet, but they do have Sushi as well. The building is a converted Black Angus so there is plenty of space and the decor is decent. Staff always keeps your drinks full and are more then happy to help you in any way.
3	Initially I wanted to give this a 4 and still consider it a 3.5.I met Robyn N, Rand H, Mike C, Ryan C, and Daren C for lunch here.last week.  We got a spacious table in the group room.  I liked everything I sampled less my personal screw up of inundating my salad with what I thought was honey mustard vinaigrette and finding out it was a mustard wasabi sauce.  I consider this a medium sized buffet which by my standards means it would take 3 trips to sample all of the entrees (some I would have every time).  I was especially impressed with the variety of fruit and desserts.  Most every thing was clean.  All of the food I ate was hot or cold as required and none of it seemed to have sat too long.So what kept me from giving it a 4?  One of our party had a sticky table area, as we were early diners this would have been the fault of the closing crew.  Something I ate, I have a couple of known food allergies,  made it impossible to leave the building without a trip to the restroom.  While the bathroom was clean there were no ass gaskets that I could see.I would definitely go back again but would try to figure out what food contained the eggs or mayonnaise that caused me a problem.
5	Impeccably clean, modern and classy -- the word buffet needs to be disregarded by those who think of smudgy glass, dirty tables and sub-par food.  The staff was amazingly attentive, super friendly and our server was joking with us and telling stories in her endearing pidgin English.  I actually tipped her a full 20% which is something I'd not normally do at a buffet.  The food was plentiful, well cooked and tasty.  The best part of this place was the sushi bar.  PHENOMENAL!  There's no place else you can go and have all you can eat sushi for $10.98.  Beverages are $1.49 with free refills.  AND they have free WiFi for you business types!It's a little out of the way for us, but we will surely be back soon!
4	Immaculate buffet in the site of an old Stuart Anderson steakhouse. Very diverse food, all tasty. Waitstaff is attentive and helpful, without being annoying. Hits: mushroom chicken, egg drop soup, vegetable foo youngSkip: pizza (duh!), pork ribsAll you can eat sushi included with price.
5	I came with my sister yesterday. I've been here before so I already knew what to get and what not to get. As you can seen in the reviews below me, there is sushi included. The people that work there are very nice and helpful.
2	I really didn't have anything I thought was good let alone great so I don't see myself going back anytime soon.  They have sushi but I was very scared to eat it as it's a desert and who knows how fresh that raw fish was.  I am ok eating it at a nice place that is busy but at a cheap place I'll pass.I guess if you are looking for a place to get a lot of food for your money and aren't looking for quality asian food then this would be a good place but I'll stick with going to order better quality off the menu places.
4	Good Food!!I am NOT a buffet type of person...worked on one for many years in my youth and tend to stay away but, here I was pleasently surprised!For the price and the amount of food/options offered - it's a pretty good deal! Orange Chix, deep fried shrimp, crab legs (small but good), sushi, etc. Almost everything i tried was good. Yes, some crazy choices - pizza (mostly for the kids), sausage, roast beef/prime rib? (wasn't sure - tasted a little dry yet good), however to each their own - people were eating everything.Overall - good for the price especially for the family...date night - probably not, unless you both like to eat a lot!
3	The buffet here is pretty good. The BF and I have been here a couple of times. However, each time we're there (usually a weekend) they seem to be having some weirdo little "deal" going on. This past Sunday you received tickets when you walked in and on the half-hour the manager was going to spin the wheel.What followed was the weirdest thing I have ever witnessed!! They brought out this little Wheel-O-Fortune knockoff and proceeded to spin it. The number that came up was 9...well about 9 people had that at the end of their ticket number! So then each person had to spin again, and again, and again! It was SO strange.The whole while, the manager kept prattling on and on in broken English over a very loud P.A. system and the BF and I just kept looking at each other like, "Is it okay to go get more food during this, or what?" IT was like a campy game show!All the strange-ness aside, this place is really decently priced, the food is good, and the wait staff is really friendly! Hey...you never know what you might see...it definitely won't disappoint in the entertainment department!
5	This place is rather yummy. The waitress we had was doing origami and other tricks for us !!! All the workers were very friendly. Oh and i love their tea :) The music they play is really corny but it fits well lol
1	Dont even think about it. This is not asian food. It is like microwaved asian food made by a teenager in Home Ec. Plus, bonus!!! I got sick afterwards.  SERIOUSLY RETHINK GOING HERE.
3	Its a buffet. Not spectacularly different from any other, except for its proximity to my home. And its fried rice. I don't know why, but I love their fried rice. Love it. My husband is less enthused, as he judges a buffet solely on its crab puffs and theirs are often soggy, like they sat in cold oil, never obtaining that delightful crisp that their better prepared counterparts have. They also have the store bought lemon bunt cake that every buffet has, the hubby loves that. However, the service is hit or miss. Sometimes helpful, sometimes not so much. The one time they were out of the lemon cake and my husband inquired about it, it sent the entire staff into a tizzy, but it did appear shortly thereafter.
4	The food is really fresh, good variety of Sushi. I tasted about 10 dishes, every single one had lots of flavor. One of the best buffet in the valley. I will definitely be going back.
1	My husband and I have frequented this buffet for about a year and in the beginning we were very impressed.  The sushi bar was fresh and the other offerings were tasty.  The weekend crab legs were a plus.  The last couple of times were iffy and we spoke to the owner about the overcooked and mushy crab legs as well as some other concerns about food quality.  About a month ago I read that the health dept. had failed them because of excessive violations and if they didn't come into compliance they would be shut down.    We decided to give it another try today, figuring they would have cleaned up their act.  We first went to the sushi bar and sampled the offerings......CANNED TUNA sushi rolls?  Really???? Beyond disgusting.  I noticed that they added oysters on the half shell and tried one.  BAD mistake.  They weren't shucked and were still fastened to the shell, tasted bad and tonight I'm regretting trying one.  Really regretting it.  I took another turn around the buffet and just couldn't find anything that I wanted to eat so I turned to the soup.  I've had great hot & sour soup here before but when I went to the tureen there was about 2 inches left of the soup with laddered film of previous uses along the side.  It looked like it was first offered yesterday and never refreshed.  Sickening.  The crab legs were either recooked or never cooked properly to begin with.  Nothing but mush.  It's a big disappointment that another promising restaurant bites the dust.  I'm embarrassed that we ever recommended this place to friends and I hope that they don't remember!!  We'll never be back.
3	We went there for lunch today, the food is OK, I like the hot & sour soup and the noodles. The crab legs were a big disappointment, though. They were tiny and had no taste.Also they give you this discount card without asking, and when we told them we had one the waitress said it was too late... so we didn't get any discounts. Well, instead of giving you a card you cannot use, it would be nice if they ask if you have one when they hand you the check : / Don't think we will be going back any time soon... Does anybody know about good Chinese buffet with crab legs in the area?
4	I like this buffet.  Usually I cringe at the thought, but this place is SPOTLESS.  They have a ton of food, cheap prices, and even sushi.I love that they have 4 different soups... full dessert and awesome ice cream that isn't soft serve.The servers are real attentive and are quick to clear your empty plates from the table.And this place is MASSIVE. HUGE!!!  I've never been when it's been super busy, but holy smokes, this place can sure pack the people in I'm sure.
4	The Best Chinese food Buffet I've had.  Yeah Its a buffet so some of the items aren't super fresh. But they have amazing selections.  I come here with my team often after we compete and they are very accomodating.  The same people that own this own Lao Ching Hing at the Chinese Cultrual Center.  Legit Chinese food uffet style. How can you beat that? Plus if you come after 9 you get to fill a togo box for $5 or something. pretty cool if you ask me.
1	Saw they had some very seriously bad health code violations in mid 2011 - have not been back since - I'm just a stickler for that! My initial review still stands - however I probably would not return anytime soon....
4	Went there for Christmas Day and was very happy and suprised how good it was for the price!
1	Is there a way to give zero stars ?  This was the worst buffet experience that I have ever had. The only way that I could my wife to go was that they supposedly had sushi. When i say supposedly I mean that they advertise sushi and they had a few different rolls, however when their tuna ran out they never refilled the tray. They actually ran out of about 4 types of rolls and the "sushi chef" only prepped cucumbers for our entire meal. The folks that came in after we arrived only got to look at empty trays with crumbs and sauce still on them. we would walk to his area and he would look up then continue prepping but not preparing anything. The sushi had a chemical taste to it as well so we stopped trying. Their standard buffet food was so similar in taste that it really didn't matter what you chose it was basically the same sweet candied meat. I will never step foot in here again mainly because of the "sushi Chefs" attitude towards his guests.
2	For an all you can eat buffet, its not the worst I've eaten at. Its about the same as any other all you can eat Chinese place in Phoenix.It can be a hit or miss, but as my father likes it so I tend to still go.  Though every time I find something I like, they take it off the buffet the next time I go. When they had the Mongolian Pork or Bean Sprouts were my favorite times.  Sushi bar is included, how much is on it depends. I've seen it loaded down and I've seen it nearly empty. When they are out of the only kind I like,  I asked and they made it for me. One of the wait staff is very nice, she'll do magic tricks at the table when its slow. Also, when I do eat the crab legs they have brought me lemons every time I've asked. They are often small, but it is all you can eat and that's typical at most of the other buffets I've been to. I have seen moderate size snow crab legs there, if you get them when they first are bringing out the dinner items.
1	In town for Spring Training. The worse Asian buffet I've ever had.in.my.life.The "prime rib" was a shriveled up piece of meat that everyone ignored. Next to it was the crab legs which must have been the only thing edible because the minute that it came out, one or two diners would swoop in and grab the whole plate, leaving nothing for everyone else. It got to the point that diners would stand there to get their share so that the greedy patrons would not take it all.The sushi fish was frozen - you can taste the ice. The rice would disintegrate due to the "skill" of the sushi chef who was moving in slow motion while I was there.The fruit and dessert stands were a joke. The dessert had this half empty pudding tray that was disgusting looking..... The fruit stand was the worse I've ever seen in a buffet. Stray pieces of oranges.... What looked like canned peaches and pears were floating in their trays.... Heck.... The plastic fruit ornaments hanging behind looked more appetizing...Floating between these trays was a empty tray of raw oysters.... Boy I don't know who would trust eating that?Plus to top it off, the service was lousy.... Never offered to fill up the "refillable" drinks and plates were left stacked on the table when returning with another plate....What is hard to believe is that there was a decent amount of patrons on a Satrday night at around 7pm.... I guess the $10.99 price is appealing..... And drinks were another $1.49 on top of that....WAY over priced for the quality of the food at this place.
3	The new Year Round Christmas decorated buffet. Since Hibachi Grill on Bell opened, I noticed they don't produce as much food, as most Americans are choosy and picky (considered rude in Chinese culture), I have to settle with less desirable items. Service is nice though.
1	The food is always cold and bland, it taste like they put no effort into preparing. It's over priced. My husband and I with our one child is like $32. The food reminds me of 99cent entree type chinese food. bleh!!
4	Last time I went, I found it was closed down. The dragons out front had been chiselled up and the door locked, and the signs gone.So, you don't go there if you read this.But, let us know if it re-opens, thx.
1	Yep, it appears closed for good.
