1	Since no star is not an option I have to give them one.  One word suffices. Horrible. They say they service the North Valley, but apparently is is an inconvenience to their techs.  I set up an appointment to be the last in the day as like most people, I work all day.  I was told I would get a call about an hour before the tech arrived.  The techs run until 5pm I was told.  So, I get a call around 2pm from the tech stating he is on his way to my  home.  I asked if he could push it back as per the arrangements I set up with the woman that took my call.  He said, "No.  You are way up North.  I am not going to push this back and then have to run all the way back down to Phoenix afterwards."  So I asked if it were possible to make me his last call. "No, I am not going to go way up North that late.  We work until five."Long story short - they lack in customer service, service areas and technicians that actually care about their job.
4	After getting our new "high efficiency" front loading washer / dryer set a few weeks ago, we were super excited.  That is, until we attempted to do a wash and continued to get the following error message on the machine: nf1.According to the user manual, nf1 = the hot/cold water hose is not connected properly.  Unfortunately, neither me, my husband, or my landlord could quite figure out how to fix the issue, so we called the Lowe's service department and they sent out Garry from Authorized Appliance Repair Company.  Luckily, Garry came to the rescue.  He arrived during the designated window (9am - 12noon), and spent about 20 minutes in our laundry room.  It turns out that the hoses were reversed!  (Not our fault... it was the fault of the guys who originally set-up the machines).  Garry also informed me that we need to use detergent that says "HE" for high efficiency on it, and to only use 1/2 the amount it says to use.  Lesson learned!Fingers crossed that I don't get any more error messages in the future, but I am glad we have a warranty on our machines nonetheless.  I wouldn't hesitate to call Garry / AARC in the future.***According to Garry's business card, they work with washers, dryers, refrigerators, ranges, microwaves, water heaters, ice makers, dishwashers, disposals, compactors & more...
1	About 3 weeks ago, our front-load LG washer (purchased new in 2008) started to dribble out the front during a wash cycle; we made sure that the door was free of trapped clothing, debris, etc.  The rubber door gasket looked to be slightly deformed at the point of the leak. We were assigned Authorized Appliance by Fry's Electronics as part of an extended warranty repair and was told they would be in touch.  After a week of no follow-up, we contacted Fry's and was told to contact Authorized Appliance ourselves since Fry's home office had already established a work order number and therefore had done their part of the extended warranty service.  Upon contacting Authorized Appliance, they denied having received a work order from Fry's and were unable to assist at this time.I understand things can be misplaced, so we re-initiated a service call through Fry's and was again assigned Authorized Appliance (AA) about two weeks later.  We live up in NE Scottsdale, and was flatly advised by AA that they do not set appointments after 3:00 pm, and only work Monday through Friday. So, I ended up staying home from work on a Friday to accommodate the service appointment scheduled from 9 to noon.Technician arrived at 9:30 - however, I did not receive so much as an introduction, acknowledgement, flash of the name tag, anything... just a despondent, "I'm here for the washer." I later learned from the business card left behind that the technician's name was Garry.Garry no sooner made it into the hallway leading into the washing machine when he proclaimed, "It's probably because you use too much soap - I see these things all the time."  Less than impressed that he managed to diagnose the issue without having seen the machine (perhaps his toolbox yielded a crystal ball?), I mockingly suggested that perhaps for the past 4 years we have been doing laundry wrong this entire time and the washer finally gave up the ghost three weeks ago due to overzealous soap use.  He was only able to mutter "probably" and that he has been doing this for 27 years and it's always due to using too much detergent."Yep - that's the problem," Garry proclaimed as he acknowledged the staining from beneath the door and down the front of the machine.  He then placed the machine into a tub cleaning cycle and was able to generate an insignificant amount of suds in the reservoir of water.  "Yeah - see - that water should be totally clear."  I remarked that a machine that was introduced to detergents throughout its service life is likely to have some residual detergent and that I could probably reproduce the same effect in my kitchen sink if I agitated the water enough.  He was adamant I was wrong and again stated his 27 years of expertise in the business.I was instructed not to use more than a teaspoon of detergent, to which I replied we use the lowest line in the detergent reservoir (later measured to be about 35 mL which is about 7 teaspoonsful) - his response was that was way too much and contributing to the gasket failure. It was at this time I pointed out that if someone uses a machine in a manner prescribed within the product documentation and it fails (i.e. leaks) then that should fall in the 'warrantable repair' bucket.  Apparently not; nor was he able to observe the same deformation in the gasket that was obvious to me.  I had asked that if, by chance, he brought another gasket with him since I had fully described the problem to the receptionist that scheduled the appointment a few days earlier and had been provided the make and model of washer - of course not! I pointed out the coincidence that he was not able to identify a product failure after driving out to the home on a Friday afternoon without the repair part in hand; he just shrugged and reiterated that we should use only a teaspoon of detergent and let the washer finish its cleaning cycle.Garry left, and it was no surprise that upon completion of the cleaning cycle the washer door continued to leak.  Since I pissed away the day waiting for Authorized Appliance in lieu of working, I again set the washer to a tub cleaning cycle and came back several times throughout the next hour.  This time, however, it's like a Christmas Miracle! It actually... oh wait... still leaks.  Weird. You mean Garry's sage advice about using 1/7th the manufacturer's suggested amount of detergent was not the panacea to what ails my washer? How about one more cleaning cycle before the wife comes home. No? That didn't fix it, either? Maybe I can ask Fry's to send me a Costco-sized pack of handtowels to stuff under the washer because that would be more effective than what AA was able to do for us at this time.  In the end, the washer still works with a slight nuisance dribble) and I was able to enjoy about 8 minutes of the technician's time, during which I learned that I will never a) purchase an extended warranty for an appliance, and b) recommend or receive services from Authorized Appliance.
4	Our LG front load washing machine that is just over two years old started to make an intermittent grinding noise.  Since some of the major parts for this washer were still under warranty we went to LG's website to get a list of local, authorized repair companies.  There are not a lot that come up for the Phoenix area.  We chose Authorized Appliance after I spoke with Donna, one of their office employees.  Garry, their repairman, came out on a Wednesday and informed me that the rotor was stripped and needed to be replaced, along with the motor at the same time.  He said LG is good about sending parts next day.  Garry returned two days later on Friday and installed the two parts.  We paid for labor, but the parts were covered under the standard LG warranty.  It is a bummer that a washer that is fairly new had problems, but we did appreciate Authorized Appliance getting it fixed for us in a pretty short amount of time.
1	This is when "No stars" should be an option.We were assigned this company through a big box store's extended warranty we purchased.The office staff and techs were not only rude - they lied left & right about the process of fixing our appliance.
1	Last week I called and stated that the suspension on my front load LG washer was going bad and I called to have them come out and fix it. So the tech shows up on Tuesday, walks up to the machine, spends 3 minutes running a diagnostic and says you need new shocks . I  already knew that, i explained to him thats why i called. I expected them to come out and replace them. He laughed and said we don t carry parts, we would need to have 3 semi trucks follow us around to carry parts for everything we serviced . So he asked for the $74 for the call and said someone would call me the next morning and schedule the repair. I was a little upset because i thought thats what they were coming to do this time but i said ok, and waited to hear from them.So, Wed comes and goes and i call right before they close asking when they can come fix my machine. The lady (who never seems happy to talk to anyone who calls apparently) put me on hold, came back a few minutes later and told me the tech hasn't dropped the paperwork off from the previous day yet so i need to just wait until they call me. So i asked, cant they just quote me for the shocks and the repair so i know what its going to cost, she said no. They can t do anything without that paperwork, even give me a price or estimated day or repair. So i wait, and wait, 2 more days go by and i hear nothing. I call up and they are closed. I send an email i hear nothing. My check for $74 is cleared, it was cleared the next morning after i gave it to the tech so he must have handed the paperwork in contrary to what the secretary stated. So i paid $74 for this company to come tell me what i already knew. I have family coming in for the holidays and need my washer. I have to call another company to come out and fix it now. I lost my $74 and will be contacting the BBB and anyone else who will listen.This was a total waste of my money and time.Save your time and go somewhere else. Seriously, there are enough places out there, just find another one with better ratings and save yourself the headaches. It s not worth your time or money to get involved with this company.
1	Not happy with them right now. Washer still making an awful noise and I hate it when mechanics and repairmen think we are dumb because we are women. Does this washer sound like it is fixed to you? https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?v=4888691213446The repairman Greg said all it needed was a some lube.   Worked for about 3 loads and now it is worse than it was before. Thankfully, under warranty still so not costing me anything for them to come back out but annoying as hell!
1	Not happy with them right now. Washer still making an awful noise and I hate it when mechanics and repairmen think we are dumb because we are women.Does this washer sound like it is fixed to you?https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?v=4888691213446The repairman Greg said all it needed was a some lube.   Worked for about 3 loads and now it is worse than it was before.Thankfully, under warranty still so not costing me anything for them to come back out but annoying as hell!
3	Poor phone customer service. But they did got the part in and fixed the problem. I appreciated that, I just wish they were more courteous on the phone.
1	Sorry zero stars was not an option, 1 is to high, I have been trying to get my Whirlpool washer fixed going on 21 days now. They came out and looked at it, ordered parts, once the parts were at my house they would set appointment, 5 days later. Came out to put in new parts, and were missing one, they said if it was an LG or Samsung, that part would have been included with the parts they ordered, so I asked if they had never worked on Whirlpools before. CRICKETS! If your buying a appliance, this is Lowes service contractor, stay away.
1	RUDE, HORRIBLE SERVICE! DO NOT USE! We just purchased a new Electrolux washer/dryer set from Lowe's. Two weeks into having them, the latch on the dryer door broke and now it won't stay closed to do laundry. I called customer service and was given an appointment by Electrolux. When I called Authorized Appliance Repair to confirm that appointment was given by Electrolux, they were very rude and stated that "of course that's your appointment, that's what they told you isn't it?!" I called on a Wednesday and the soonest I could get an appointment was the FOLLOWING WEDNESDAY. Knowing that Electrolux parts are not common, I gave what's her face on the phone (Donna, I think, but rude either way, so I don't care enough to remember her name) my MODEL NUMBER, SERIAL NUMBER AND told them the exact issue I was having. So I waited during my 4 HOUR APPOINTMENT WINDOW for him to show up. When he did, he proceed to park in the driveway (which I know isn't a big deal, but at least ask first and I have NEVER had ANY service company park in my driveway, just rude), looked at my dryer latch, said "Yep, needs a new latch," handed me my slip and left. I HAVE BEEN A WEEK WITHOUT MY DRYER, GAVE THEM MY MODEL NUMBER, SERIAL NUMBER AND PROBLEM AND HE DIDN'T FIX IT!!! I then called their office to ask  why they didn't have the part. Dumb-dumb on the phone said the part hadn't come in yet...I asked when was it ordered....when he left the premises she said. TODAY!! TODAY???!!! I am sooo mad at them right now and disgusted by their customer service. I WILL NEVER, NEVER USE THEM AGAIN!
1	THIS COMPANY HAS BEEN AN ABSOLUTE NIGHTMARE!! It has taken them over a month now to fix the heating element in my oven. 3 trips out, 3 different technicians & now I'm waiting on the 4th show up to probably once again tell me they've got the wrong part!! Ive had to call them to follow up on the situation.. they don't call me to reschedule. I have to track them down. They even called to cancel on me last week bc "their driver was in a car accident". Their other tech was "in a car accident earlier this month", so he couldn't come either.Every time I speak to the incredibly clueless office woman they all claim they've never heard of repairs needing to be completed at my house! Not sure what is going on with this company, but save yourself the hastle.
1	Repair guys are nice, but it's been two months and the dryer still doesn't work.Telephone customer service is TERRIBLE!!! If you like abusive relationships, then subject yourself their receptionist.  They already have my $300 so I'm stuck. I would go elsewhere if I had $300 to spare!
1	WORST. REPAIR. COMPANY. EVER.If you do not consider your time valuable, don't mind wasting money, have a low IQ, low self esteem and infinite patience, well, you've come to the right place!  Otherwise, RUN AWAY!Authorized Appliance Repair at 320 Lone Cactus Drive is one of those companies that leaves you shaking your head in wonder at how and why they remain in business.  Their unique blend of incompetence, dishonesty and rude, ignorant behavior will leave you breathless. Special shout out to Donna in the office, whose attitude towards integrity and her customers can only be described as "Could NOT Care LESS!"Thanks to them, we were without a clothes dryer from December 16th until January 9th!  The first knucklehead they sent out shut off our hot water heater and left without telling us. He couldn't properly diagnose or repair the problem after two tries, so had to resort to expert help from LG. Then they made us wait two more weeks for a part that the LG expert said we needed. Then after 4 visits and 3 weeks of waiting, the second "repairman" they sent out refused to install the part that the LG expert said was needed to properly repair the Dryer.  When I requested that he document in writing the fact that he was refusing to install the recommended component, he called me a ####sucker and refused.Yes sir ladies and gents, a real class outfit.  Will the owner of this pathetic operation please pull the plug and put your unsuspecting customers out of their misery?
1	DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!!!!! I agree that they should get NO STARS but would love to make sure no one goes through what I went through!!    I have been trying to get my dishwasher fixed for three weeks.  1st time they didn't show up, second 11:45 on Thursday have to order parts was after 12 so it went on the next day ordering. conveniently it was a weekend!  Never called to let me know when the parts were in.  I called Lowe's to help me get this job done quicker only made DONNA mad so she than didn't schedule me to the following week on a Tuesday, (i have now been without a dishwasher for 2 weeks with a family of five).  Reschedule again because of weather but technician could have came in the morning but because I request first call DONNA made sure i was the last.  Today they were suppose to show and they did not and DONNA called saying we would have to reschedule.  He never rang the doorbell I have worked my schedule around this company time and time again.  VERY VERY RUDE!!! Donna has no phone etiquette! I also had them prior because of a warranty repair on my washer but I didn't realize it was the same company until having to deal with DONNA again. She was nasty that time. This was under a Lowe's warranty so make sure when you have a warranty repair make sure you tell them you don't want to work with this company!  Major headache!!!
