5	Located across from Arroyo Market Square, this is an eye clinic that recently opened in the SW part of town.  Upon walking in, I was greeted by friendly staff and a beautiful display of fashionable eyewear on the walls with several designer brands.  I was directed to see Dr. Wong, and she is very personable and was very relaxed and patient during our interaction.     The interior is both clean and modern, and  I also happened to notice that the medical charts were paperless in an electronic-based record system which would seem to be helpful for ensuring accuracy and efficiency.  Since this place just recently opened, the waiting room did not seem too crowded so if you live nearby and want to avoid taking a number and spend quality time having all your eyecare needs met, this place fits the bill.  Bonus points for being able to check in on Yelp and get a free lens cleaning cloth!
5	I've been going to see Dr. Wong about 4 years now? When you walk in you feel like you are at the Cosmopolitan or something similar. It's that swanky, hip and cool inside! Dr. Wong is very attentive and if you ever been to the Optometrist you know when they ask you if 1 or 2 is better or 6 or 7....well you don't feel rushed with her. You actually can tell if 1 or 2 is clearer or the same. My husband came along with me and also got an exam done. Seeing as he has issues with his my$%)**@ (something) glands, Dr. Wong really took the time to explain how to remedy this problem. Her prices were reasonable seeing that we don't have vision insurance, but I am sure it's even better with insurance! Staff was friendly and her assistant who did the pre test for glaucoma was efficient and fast.I definitely recommend Dr. Wong to anyone who need their eyes checked and a couple of my friends have gone to see her and love her as well!!! Check in with Yelp and there's a free item...at this current time! After you get your eyes checked, there's plenty of places to go eat or shop! Walk-ins are welcome!
5	if I could give this practice 10 stars I would!  It is convenient right off of the 215 and it has a great atmosphere. From the moment you book your appointment over the phone with Corinna you receive EXCELLENT service.  The office is very mod and they do have a wide variety of specs to choose from.  Their process is efficient and they do their homework to know what your plan covers which is extremely helpful for most people so it makes your visit even better.The exam was excellent and Dr.Wong is extremely patient and is a perfect of example of what you want in a Physician.  She is thorough and she takes the time to explain what she is doing as well as what she is looking for as she examines your eyes.  I would drive across town to get this kind of service!It's a one stop shop, you can get your eye exams done, order new glasses and buy your contacts all at one place, how awesome is that! Definitely recommend Dr. Wong hands down.
5	Excellent service, great doctor and friendly staff!
5	My vision ranks somewhere between Fruit Bat and Russian Water Mole. I was prescribed my first pair of glasses at 4.75 years old, just before starting Kindergarten. At almost 29 years old, I've seen a dozen optometrists and a three ophthalmologists. So trust me when I say that I have poor eyesight and that I've had no better eye doctor than Dr. Wong. I happily drove 25 miles to see her at her first office. Now her current office is on Rainbow/2-15, just across from Arroyo Market Square. It's only a three mile drive, so I'm the happiest driver out there.Dr. Wong and her carefully chosen staff are knowledgeable, attentive, patient and professional. The casually modern, quietly elegant office decor is the beautiful start of what is always a skilled, proficient and even enjoyable exam. I've seen new, walk-in patients pause outside the door nervously (probably thinking about that Puff of Air machine) and relax noticeably the moment they step into the cooling calm of the office and are greeting by the friendly receptionist. I dropped in for my annual eye exam just a few days ago and had an experience I've never, ever had before. Because of my extreme nearsightedness, my glasses always end up extremely thick, heavy and just damned sexy. Coupled with my extreme Asian nose vs. cheek ratio, the frame selection is pretty limited. This time, however, I met Rhonda.Rhonda, the Optical Specialist (at least I hope that's her title, please correct me if I'm wrong) helped me order contacts and choose a new pair of glasses. She actually pulled pair after pair for me to try on, gave me advice on how each pair looked, why they looked good and more importantly, why they didn't. She schooled me on how much my insurance would cover, recommended a more suitable contact lens for me after learning that I work in a low-light environment and even provided a rebate for said suitable lens. I was so happy I wanted to cry. Instead, I'm writing a review after four years of being a satisfied patient.
5	I've been a patient of Dr. Wong for several years now, and I was excited when she opened up her new practice in the Southwest. Location is awesome. I was able to get my exam on my lunch break.Staff is pleasant and super friendly. I received a courtesy phone call the day before my appointment as a reminder. Check-in was fast: this is where Dr. Wong's attention to detail and customer service shines. Her staff had already contacted my insurance company ahead of time to determine my eligibility and my benefits. They even filled out most of my paperwork. The only thing I had to do was quickly review my forms for accuracy and sign at the bottom. Service!Dr. Wong's equipment is brand-spanking new, and the exam was fast and efficient. I got both contacts and glasses with this visit. Her staff even got me a great deal on contacts - $75 rebate. That made it cheaper than Costco.If you've ever shopped for glasses, you're probably aware of how difficult it can be. For most optical shops, you try on a frame one at a time. It can take an hour or more to find a good pair. Not at Clearvision. Dr. Wong's staff has lots of experience and it definitely shows. I usually have a hard time finding glasses. I don't have much of a bridge on my nose and glasses typically don't stay on my face. Not a problem today. They found me a hip new pair of glasses that fit my face in just minutes.As I was on my lunch break, I planned on just getting my exam and then coming back another day to get my glasses. Imagine my surprise when I got everything done in an hour! That included my exam, my contact fitting, my glasses, and my checkout.
4	I found Dr. Wong on a VSP provider list and what sealed the deal was her location. This brand new office is located nearby the Einstein's bagels and literally across the street from the Arroyo shopping center. The service was good, from the initial exam to the sitting down with the Doctor. The Optical Manager was helpful and knowledgeable of my benefits. A week after my exam, she snapped my new lenses in my existing frames in what seemed to be 30 seconds flat!I can say that the only thing I was not completely satisfied about was my frame's replacement lenses. While they did their best to trace the non-standard lense shape, I later noticed when cleaning them that they do creak in the frames a bit. Not to the point of popping out, but enough to make me notice it. Overall, Dr. Wong and her staff are very attentive and knowledgable. I will be back next year for some new frames as they have a really great selection! I noticed some nice frames for kids there too, as I know my kids will probably need them at some point in time.
5	Best experience I have ever had at an eye doctor! Dr. Wong is awesome, very smart and knows what she is doing. Staff is great, helpful and friendly. Go here you won't regret it !!
5	I got contacts for the first time here.  Everyone was nice and knowledgeable.  It was easier than I thought it'd be.
5	Just moved to Las Vegas and needed a new pair of glasses. Dr. Wong was great! She answered all of my questions and gave me feedback to what each result meant and how it translates to how I see. The rest of her staff is very friendly and willing to do anything to help you out. It is great to have a business focused on quality of your visit and working within your means - than taking you for all your worth.I am happy to give them all of my optical business and can trust them with my most valuable possession,as a photographer...my eyes.Thanks for your hard work & care
5	I've been trying to find a new optometrist in the area and glad that Clearvision and Dr. Wong came with a great referral. The location is fairly new (they just hit their one year anniversary) and definitely has some nice new equipment. I had some challenges with my insurance and the staff was extremely patient and helpful in getting everything that I needed covered and answered. They have a good selection of eyeglasses and sunglasses that you can choose. Dr. Wong was easy to talk to and very thorough with the examination.If you are looking for a great optometrist in the area, be sure to come to Clearvision Eye Center (and don't forget to check in on Yelp to get a free lens cleaning cloth) and write a review to also get a discount on other items.
5	I went here due to the great reviews on Yelp, and after my appointment, I agree with them. The staff was courteous and friendly, and Dr. Wong was warm, professional, knowledgeable, and thorough. Where a previous optometrist  had suggested that I might need a specialist to diagnose my vision, Dr. Wong's thorough exam discovered the root of the issue and found a prescription for my particular astigmatism. They worked with me to find the best lenses and frames for my needs and budget, and I was very satisfied with my overall experience.
5	Great location, great people, great experience.It's been almost a year since I first visited Dr. Wong and staff at this ClearVision Eye Center. Previously, I was a client at a similar optometrist in Henderson sort of near where I worked at the time, but Dr. Wong's office is very close to my home. Located on Rainbow (cross at Badura) very near the 215 across from Arroyo Crossing shopping center with The Home Depot, Best Buy, Office Max and Walmart, Dr. Wong's office is conveniently located in the same strip mall as a breakfast place and a few fast food places, a pet groomer, a small electronics store, a beauty salon, and even a hookah lounge! This is the kind of business that I am proud and pleased to have in my neighborhood for a variety of reasons: this business contributes directly to the quality of life of this neighborhood, is an independent employer of individuals ( versus some large corporation based in Timbuktu ), and is an active participant in the community.It's not just that I am recognized by name and face at this optometrist, but I feel Dr. Wong and her staff really care about providing the best optometry service!  In the end, what counts is "can I see better?" and the fact is I have a difficult time getting glasses I like that make me see better for any extended period of time. This is not a pleasant experience for someone like me who is "getting old", but Dr. Wong and her staff helped me "adjust to the inevitability" and made me feel comfortable and taken care of.Yeah, 5-stars. The very definition of 5-stars.(And check in specials once in a while if you check in with the Yelp app!)
4	While I appreciate the place and the staff, the lab that makes their glasses leaves much to be desired. 3.5 weeks after ordering, and my glasses still aren't ready - apparently first they made the wrong prescription, and then they broke the glasses in testing. I was informed that they might be ready in another week, but I had to instigate the calls for them to get an update on my order and then get back to me. Sorry, but 4+ weeks for glasses is worth at least 1 star off the review, especially when I had to call up for them to check up on the order status after so long. If this were an emergency I'd be SOL.
5	I recently transferred my business to Dr. Wong's office.  I used to be a patient at the Clearvision across town and would have continued driving there if I was disappointed with anything.  I wasn't disappointed in any aspect of Dr. Wong's office.  She is a great optometrist.  She patiently listened to me and my issues, recommended reading glasses.  Just last week I had a scare, called her office and they were able to squeeze me in that day to check things out.  Luckily it wasn't anything serious and Dr. Wong put me at ease.  Rhonda is also great.  She helped me pick out some new frames by listening to what I had in mind, pulling several frames to try and giving me her honest opinion of whether they suited me or not.  Now I'm ready to pick out another pair and I'm going right back to Rhonda.  see you soon!
5	I love this Location. This is my 2nd review here and I can't implore enough how great Dr. Wong and her staff is.  They are Pretty, Polite and Professional !  It is Optometry Perfection.  My new glasses had a butterfly that came off the side and in 4 days my new frames were there.  The lab made a minor error on my lenses but the staff made me feel like I was not at all inconvenienced with their Splendid Service.  They build relationships they dont just try to sell you something. The care is Def in the Air there.
5	Dr. Wong is patient, knowledgable, very patient, and friendly.. the best optometrist I've ever been to.  Amazing and friendly staff.. ill always be comin back here for my annual eye exam needs.  5 out of 5 definitely!
5	I tagged along with my girlfriend for her eye check up and was blown away by the service.  The office manager waited on us.  She was knowledgeable, professional, and efficient.  She even sold me a pair of T- Charge sunglasses that are perfect. I was so impressed I decided to change optometrists and have a check up scheduled for tomorrow.
5	Awesome doctor, very quick and efficient appt. she really is the best I have seen, I would definitely recommend her. You are In and out and your eyes are fixed lol, no fooling around and she is very sweet.
5	We love this place!  Our family has been seeing Dr. Wong for years and takes the best care of us. Finding an eye Dr. that is great with kids isn't always easy but with Dr. Wong we found a winner. She is so wonderful and caring with our kids and has a great sense of humor during their appointment. She takes the utmost care in providing us with the proper exams and products we need. Her assistant Karina does a fabulous job as well and is a pleasure to work with. Also love how beautiful and clean her office is. We thank you Dr. Wong and Karina!
2	First time to do eye exam here in vegas. And i will take my previous comment back. Because after a week, my coworker & my bro was wondering why i am paying this much. Well, its my first time.To make my story short. I just found out that they use my other insurance. Hands down, Dr.Wong is very friendly, nice, & very professional. It is just that the staff  is not as good as her. And for new pt, just a tip to shout to them what is your insurance before u will be surprise cause they will not do anything about it.
5	Way over a year later after my first visit, Dr. Wong and staff have earned a 5-star update.A) Dr. Wong tested my eyesight again ... exactly the same prescription as when I first was tested by her. Grade: A+.B) I dropped my current set of glasses while gardening resulting in a deep gouge in the one lens. It was kind of like looking through a car windshield in pouring down rain without windshield wipers. Fantastic turn-around in getting new lenses for the existing frames. Thanks, Rhonda! Grade: A+C) Frame selection is contemporary and plentiful, and competitively priced. Grade: A+D) Superior front-office staff and back-office technology. Seamless integration with insurance billing, I am always greeted pleasantly no matter the circumstance, and I feel like I'm a "partner" or "community member", not just a "client". Grade: A+I feel very comfortable here. I highly recommend them.
3	thank you very much Dr.wong for your offer to help me but i already did some of the paper works for the reimbursement. i really appreciate it.
5	Dr. Wong was excellent. Very nice, helpful, and informative when it came to my eye exam. Explained every exam, explained issue I had with my eyes, and I left feeling a lot better bout my eye issue. Staff is also very nice.
5	I havent wore my glasses in over 4 years because of being stubborn and annoyed with eye doctors in Tampa and breaking my glasses and being denied my warrenty to fix them and not wanting to pay out of pocket for a new pair. Now that I have insurance again i figured its about time to get a new set of glasses. I walked in after setting a last minute appointment and had no problems getting in. The staff was kind and informative and the doctor was able to see me very quickly. I felt bad having a late appointment set for 4:30 because they close at 5 but Dr. Wong took her time making sure i understood everything she was doing from the full eye exam to the breakdown of my different options for contacts and glasses. She made me feel very comfortable and that says alot because i dont like seeing doctors even if its just for contacts or glasses. I had to do contact training because i never wore contacts before and they made it very simple to figure out and so far its been very easy adjusting to putting in and taking out my new contacts.  I have one last appointment coming up and look forward to picking up my new glasses when they arrive and will definetly recommend this place to all my friends. Thanks again for the great customer service and making this a positive experience!
4	Starting with my initial phone call with Gladiss at the office, all the way through the step by step process of the eye diagnostic, and ending with great and simple advice from Rhonda, the experience was excellent!!!
5	The staff is very friendly and are great at personalizing services. I love that they carry unique frames that you don't typically see at regular stores. Want an honest opinion on how those frames look on you? Go see Rhonda, the Optician. She takes pride in making sure her clients look and feel great in their frames. Be sure to refer your friends. They offer great referral incentives.
5	Dr. Wong is just one of the best doctors I've visited in ANY field.  She is patient, understanding, and takes the time to explain things carefully to her patients.  I was so eager to review her after my visit, that my eyes are still slightly dialated as I type this.  I arrived as a walk-in first thing in the morning, and I was seen almost immediately.  The office is beautifully and comfortably decorated, which may not matter to some.  However, sitting in a dingy, dated medical office is disheartening.  Hers is stylish and appealing.  Because the employee who helps pick out frames and writes up the whole order was on the phone with another office, and Dr. Wong didn't want me to wait, she went through the WHOLE process with me herself.  So personable and friendly picking out frames with me, when that is not really part of her job.  :)This part of the valley is still developing in the past few years, so I would imagine her practice will only get busier.  And they totally deserve it.
5	I am a nurse and have been using cheap cheater glasses for the last 3 years due to aging eyes. I was tired of my glasses going from face to on top of my head all day long, besides the fact that they hurt the bridge of my nose.  I decided to finally get contacts and eliminate the glasses.  I chose clear vision eye center due to the fact that it is close to my home.  Since I am a nurse, I am not always the easiest patient.I have never worn contacts before so the whole process was very new to me. Dr. Wong was extremely patient, and worked with me until we found the best strength and comfort.  Even though I felt like I was probably being a pain of a patient, she never once made me feel that way.  She is a true professional.  Additionally, her staff is just as accommodating, friendly and customer oriented.  This clearvision eye center has the whole package when it comes to customer service. Don't waste your time going elsewhere.
5	I actually found Dr. Wong through my insurance website.  Oddly enough she's the only one listed that had a yelp link connected to her office.  And naturally I yelped all the doctors to make sure I pick the right one for me.  There was a little confusion regarding my insurance coverage and what would be charged but her staff (Gladys and Karina) were very patient and helpfully.  This is a big thing for me since I was so frustrated as anyone is dealing with insurance problems!! When I got into the office, everything was nice, bright, and clean.  After filling out the form, the wait was maybe 5 minutes.  Karina was the one that did my pre-exam work and nice to talk to.  She introduced herself and asked me right away if I minded if an intern shadows us.  During the pre-exam she talked me through everything she was doing (the machine she was using, checking my glasses to check their prescription, even to what she was noting on the computer) so I would feel comfortable.  Dr. Wong is very pleasant, friendly, and open.  The exam room is like most eye doctors offices except she has Mac computers mounted on the wall for the eye exam (which I love and tells me she's not old school!).   She makes sure you're comfortable too during the exam by cracking jokes that you are allowed to blink during the exam.  After the exam I really liked that she explained what my prescription meant (contacts and glasses) and even showed me how my eyes/lens are since I have astigmatism.  I'm so glad I ended going to Dr. Wong (even with her great yelp reviews, I was a little hesitant since I went to Clearvision on W. Sahara a few years ago and I completely disliked the doctor - he was so shift and uptight verging on rude).  I'm definitely going to refer to her friends and family ^_^
5	Dr. Wong and Rhonda are amazing! They are so helpful in finding the right contacts and glasses that work well with both your eyes and face shape. I've been coming here for 2 years and I won't go anywhere else! They have great deals and can work with anyone's budget!
5	I found Dr. Wong on Yelp. I hadn't had an eye exam since I was kid. I noticed that reading and watching a computer screen wasn't working so well, so I went ahead, got the exam, had my eyes dilated (I had no idea what that was all about, like I said I hadn't had an exam in forever ... but apparently it helps the doctor get a better look at your eyes) ... This process has some side effects for the short term... So don't be in a rush to drive or see anything for awhile. I found out that I really needed glasses... And that I needed 2 prescriptions. Dr. Wong is cool and has a great demeanor. I felt like the exam was thorough and well worth the money. She also was very good at explaining everything in detail. She's not one of these jerk doctors that acts like what they're doing is some sort of mystical sorcery that they inherited as a direct blood line of Merlin.Bottom line.. If you think you may need to have your eyes checked, do it here. They'll treat you well.
2	Dr. Wong is lovely. The rest of the staff is horrible.When I first came into the office, nobody greeted me. I started looking at frames and was approached by a woman who gruffly told me to have a seat and stay away from the frames. Apparently, finding frames you like is something you can't do without her.All interactions with the support staff were off-putting and made me feel uncomfortable. After the woman who initially approached me and reprimanded me for looking through the glasses found out that I actually had money to buy nicer frames, she warmed up. Interesting.Again, Dr. Wong was great - I just wish she had an entirely different staff.After moving away from Vegas a week ago, I needed to get some sports frames, so I called to get my pupillary distance measurement and was told that "by law" they can't release that information, but I could come in to the office and order through them again and they would be able to measure but not give the measurement to me. Sure. Super helpful, thanks.If you desire to have any personal control over your own prescription, or be treated like a human regardless of whether or not you can afford the good glasses, pick another place.
5	Very nice staff!  The doctor took her time with me and explained why I was having blurred vision... come to find out... I have no tears... LOL  =)
5	Dr.Wong is great and Rhonda has all the answers I love this place. It's right off 215 on rainbow. Fast appointments and short waits. I think the staff is lovey also. A lot of frames to choose from.
1	Dr. Wong is cute as a button. She was very charming and seems to know her stuff. I was thrilled to have found such a delightful office and doctor until today ...Dr. Wong encouraged me to buy 8 boxes of disposable contacts with her (a two year supply) because I'd then be able to get two $50 rebates, totaling $100 back! Today I got a letter in the mail from the VSP Acuvue National Rebate Center telling me that I can only submit one rebate per purchase, per year. I called the rebate center to verify and the operator even confirmed that many doctors' offices are guilty of this exact scenario.Not only was I deceived about the rebates but I spent the money on a two year supply when I only needed one!I'm so very disappointed.
5	I love this store! Rhonda is a true professional and was so patient with me. Gladys up front was super friendly and helpful. This is the ONLY place I'll go when it comes to my vision. THANK YOU CLEAR VISION!!
5	I had no idea Clear Vision had stylish, name brand sunglasses. The staff was great helping me pick out what looked best.  I also get a warranty on the lenses and can come in and get them adjusted for free. This will be the place I think if when I need new sunglasses.
5	Clearvision called me and apologized for the error and that they themselves did not know that patients could not use more than one rebate. Because they felt responsible for giving me incorrect information, in good faith they offered to reimburse me the $50 I was unable to get. This was excellent follow up and what customer service is all about! Thank you!
5	Clear Vision Eye Centers southwest location with Dr. Wong is great.  My wife has been there for the last 2 years and I have been there this year.  The service is great.  Dr. Wong and the rest of the staff are extremely nice and helpful.  They rememeber you every time you come back even if a full year has passed.We found them through Yelp originally and they are part of our insurance.  There was no wait both times we went and it was just a pleasurable experience.  The contacts and glasses that we have ordered arrived in less than a week.  They are all very helpful and really nice.  I would definitely recommend their services.If you need to book an appointment you can even do it online and they call you right back to schedule.  It is very convenient.  Higly recommend.
5	I Recently moved to the southwest area of Las Vegas and was looking for a reputable optometrist. I am so glad I found Clearvision Eye Center.Dr Wong was very thorough and patient.I felt so comfortable that I even allowed her to dilate my pupils for the first time ever!!!Rhonda the optician helped me find just what I was looking for and was very personable and meticulous.I am pretty picky but I was introduced to a new brand called T_Charge.The glasses have a award winning T-spin temple system which allows the titanium frames to rotate 360 degrees avoiding hitches and breakages. I have two young children and so these glasses were the perfect balance of style and durability.Thank you Clearvision for taking such good care me and I look forward to future visits.
5	So I stepped on my daughters glasses and broke her frames. instead of taking her back to her optometrist I took her to mine. Rhonda is Super patient with my daughter who was very indecisive.  My daughter loved Dr. Wong as much as I did and asked me if Dr. Wong could be her optometrist forever.  I even brought my picky Korean mom who hates bad service and she even complimented on how great the staff was.  Now my mom wants yo visit Dr. Wong for her new prescription. Keep up the awesome work ladies we love you!
3	Dr. Wong is pretty friendly and efficient. The prices are ridiculous. $200 for a set of no-name frames for my 5 year old even with insurance. I bought designer frames and expected to pay top dollar. My kids don't know what Roxy or Prada are and they keep pushing the TC brand even when I tell them we don't want it. The staff is pretty nice. The cooler and water is a bonus that you only get from intimate offices, as opposed to corporate joints like LensCrafters or Pearl. I like the place but they really try to steamroll you hand over fist with their prices. Don't tell me my insurance saved me $500 today when you are charging me over $200 out of pocket. I took my prescription to another local office an got 2 full sets in polycarbonate and transitions for my kid for less than what Clearvision was trying to charge for 1 basic set.
4	Anyone who follows my reviews knows I've had some interesting Vegas health care experiences to say the least. But when it came time to find a new optometrist...I looked at my provider services guide, and then I turned to Yelp to give me the details the provider guide didn't. Yelp helped me narrow down my choices to two. The first choice was closer to where I live but they were so rude that they got a bad review of their own. But my second choice...turned out to be my best choice and that is Clearvision Southwest. From the time I walked in the door I was greeted with a smile. The forms were short, the paperwork easy to read. I was able to see Dr. Wong within 10 minutes of my appointment time which always impresses me. And while they were having some web based computer glitches today, the rest of the office was equipped with up to date equipment...including testing equipment that didn't freak me out. (The one machine that puffs air at your eyes...Dr. Wong's machine didn't freak me out like other equipment has in the past!)Dr. Wong took the time to listen...and I say that because she caught something my previous optometrist had done and that is to slightly over-correct my vision. When I peppered her with questions she took the time to answer. And even though I had pushed my contacts a bit hard of late, she didn't give me a hard time over it. And one more very important thing. She smiles. You don't feel like line #39 on a daily patient spreadsheet, you can see she gets it, and she does care about what's going on with your eyes. The front office staff can make or break a practice, and Dr. Wong has Rhonda running the front. She's very knowlegeable, she tells it like it is, and she's able to help you make the best choices to maximize your insurance coverage. I did not feel pressured into making any high cost purchases, and from start to finish I was listened to and treated with respect. It has been many, many years since I had an eye care experience like the one I had with Dr. Wong and Rhonda at ClearVision. But...it won't be my last. I look forward to taking my family there and I don't see a need to look any further...I've found my eye care professional in Vegas. 4 Very Strong Stars. So why not 5? I've tightened my guidelines for reviews and star counts. And I reserve the right to bump it up in the weeks ahead.
5	Clearvision is an absolutely wonderful place to go to for all your optometry needs!! I was in the market for a pair of prescription sunglasses, as I work outside under the unforgiving hot sun. I needed an eye center that was not only conveniently located near me, but one that also has great customer service. Clearvision offers an amazing 2 year warranty on both frames and lenses. The staff at Clearvision are very professional and are super friendly. I'd recommend this business to anyone!!!
5	Love, love, (L0v3) this office! Check this out; I am getting older and I have resisted getting bifocals. Dr. Wong was really good at getting my prescriptions right for both far and near, and Rhonda had the greatest styles for frames, but I just couldn't make the leap to bifocals. And then, Rhonda talked me into it. It turns out there are these new lenses with superior technology... You can't even tell they are bifocals and they are the gr3at1st!It's always a good experience for me, every time at this office. I'm very glad to support and encourage anyone to choose this office for their eye wear!
5	I have never had an experience like this at an eye doctor. I can honestly say this is probably my new favorite eye doctor. From making an appointment over the phone to walking out after my appointment, I received some of thee best service. The receptionist is very nice and extremely polite. The exam assistant was such a pleasure to work with. My last appointment at a different doctor made me affraid to get my eyes checked ever again, which is why it took me almost 5 years to get new glasses, but this wasn't the case here. She was very friendly and patient and made me feel very comfortable after coming in and feeling anxious. The eye doctor was even nicer! She was extrememly patient and made me feel like she genuinely cared for you. I have felt rushed and treated like a transaction at other offices, but not here. She actually took the time to explain my situation so I had a genuine understanding. The amazing experience doesnt't stop there. I have NEVER had someone personally assist me with picking out frames. This was amazing! I dont remember the woman's name, but she will asses your face shape, style, etc. and bring frames to you. Being the indecisive person I am, I would have been there forever if it wasnt for her. She understood my needs and my need to be different in style. I was blown away! I'm so happy I picked this office. I'm excited for my new frames to come in, I even bought a new matching purse for them. Haha! Plain and simple: I love this place. Great different and personable experience. Highly recommend!
4	I used to avoid the optometrist like some people avoid the dentist. Nobody seemed to get my Rx right . Dr Wong actually got me into glasses that don't give me headaches. Staff is professional and friendly. ONLY gripe is their referral incentive program. My mom went there per my recommendation and spent about $500 on exam and 2 pairs of glasses. Months later at my annual exam, I had to ask the person three times about getting a $10 coffee shop gift card.  Thank you for making me feel like a cheap a$$.
5	My typical visit to the optometrist involves extended wait times, ignorant staff, and decrepit eye exam equipment. You won't find that here at Dr. Wong's Clearvision Eye Center.  I love the feel of the office...it's clean, neat, and balanced. There's a wide selection of frames onsite. The staff is very professional and knowledgeable and willing to go the extra mile. I was uncertain what my insurance coverage was so the staff immediately got on the phone for me and then explained all the details of my coverage. Dr. Wong is an absolute joy. She's meticulous to details and very approachable. She takes the time to explain the details of the eye exam and answered all of my questions patiently and thoroughly (all my friends know that I'm notorious for asking ALOT of questions). I loved the high res monitor that Dr. Wong uses for the Snellen Chart, which changes at Dr. Wong's control to prevent patients from memorizing the chart and skewing their test results. The rest of her equipment she has is new and more comfortable to the patient, especially during the glaucoma screening which blows a puff of air into your eye to test for internal eye pressure. This test was normally very uncomfortable for me at other optometrist but not so at Dr. Wong's office.After the eye exam you will be greeted by the onsite optician who is extremely knowledgeable and who will find the best contacts or glasses for your needs. I was recommended transition lenses and a frame fitted for athletics. The fit of the frame is perfect and now I'm not fumbling around for my separate set of glasses and sunglasses.I'll be dropping by Dr. Wong's again for my next eye exam and recommending all my co-workers and friends to her.
5	This establishment is very professional the people here are very friendly and helpful I highly recommend clear vision. :)
3	The service is really good. In theory they should be a 4 star, but after I visited a couple of weeks ago, they changed their hours to be closed on Sunday, Mondays, and Saturdays only by appointments.  I ordered some contacts and I'm having one heck of a time trying to stop by there to pick them up since they close at I think 5 (I stopped by at 5:20 after I got off work) but they were closed.  So I'm not really sure how I'm going to get my contacts.
1	Horrible way to Operate a Business! Called Friday to schedule an appointment gave my insurance for them to verify. When the receptionist called me back she said I would have to pay out of my pocket for my contact fitting, (even though my insurance covered it)! I said no thanks I'll cancel. She never called my ins to cancel my authorization so when I went to a REAL Eye Dr who DIDNT over charge I couldn't see them because of this office practices!! I would never recommend them!!
5	I went in with no appointment and they took me right away.  Dr. Wong and staff were friendly, knowledgeable and extremely helpful.  I would recommend Clearvision eye Centers to anyone who needs glasses.  I had a great experience and look forward to going back to pick up my 2 new pairs of glasses!  thank you Dr. Wong and staff!
5	What a wonderful and welcoming place. Dr. Wong is by far the best eye doctor I have seen in years. She took the time to explain my prescription to me and she is super friendly!! I will recommend to others!!!
5	I usually go to a different clear vision but decided to come here because it was closer. Dr. Wong was extremely friendly and helpful. The entire staff was very welcoming and helpful as well. Rhonda was extremely patient with me as I was very indecisive with my choice in glasses. She stayed honest through the entire time which helped with my ultimate choice. :) happy for the switch and can't wait for my new glasses.
5	From the time I called to make an appointment, to the moment of my visit, the experience was superb.  The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable.  They really took their time explaining every test, and making sure I was happy with the frame selection I choose.  I would definitely continue coming to this location.
5	I have been to a few optometrists around town and have never felt as comfortable as I felt here. The staff is very knowledgable. The Dr. Took her time answering all of my questions, Rhonda was very patient and extremely helpful. I will definitely be back and will be happy to refer my friends.
5	I highly recommend this place !!! This is my second time here for glasses & sunglasses..Im so glad I was able to find a close location (although i would drive further because of their amazing service) that was able to work with my busy schedule.. I called and got in the same day.. I didnt wait for more than 5 mins and was greated by the doctor, she is so friendly and even remembered my stories from my past appt. Her whole staff is amazing and they go out of their way to help you and make sure you get exactly what your looking for ;) Excited to get my new glasses :)
5	Had to find a new optometrist because my insurance changed.  So glad I listened to my coworker and came here!  The doctor is very nice and the staff is awesome!  They ordered me samples of a specific style and were very helpful and patient with me.  You'll definitely be taken care of if you go here for your glasses.
5	I've been seeing Dr. Wong since she was with Sam's Club (North Las Vegas) and stuck with her when she moved closer to me (YAY)! It's really hard to find a doctors that will matched you because you really have to like them and trust them with your eyes! I can honestly say, I found a hidden gem! She was really thorough with all my exams, including her patience with me, asking her to go back and forth with 1 and 2 or 3 and 4. My experiences each time has been nothing but top notch! We have now taking the entire family to see Dr. Wong and I've taken my mom here as well. She was exceptional working with my mom who spoke broken English and didn't understand medical terms but Dr. Wong was able to explain it her so that she does understand. She was patience and did not rush her at all during the exam. My mom felt really comfortable during her visit with Dr. Wong!Her staff are so warming and gentle. I've never had one staff giving me attitudes or feel miss treated. I've never had a chance to work with Rhonda because I rarely use glasses but I did worked with her fabulous staff, Karina. We had several encounters, with booking appointments to ordering contacts and even explaining my insurance policies with me. I really have nothing to complain at all. The staffs are great, as well as, the Doctor. I've recommended friends and families to see Dr. Wong and her staffs. You'll be glad you did! :)
5	I shouldn't have been nervous about complaining about my new sunglasses. Rhonda was so understanding and helpful! She put me at ease and got me into a frame that was better fitting to my lifestyle. Now I'm quite happy and much less stressed.  While I was slightly put-off on a previous visit (other review), all my recent experiences have been positive and I will definitely be returning for all my vision problems.
5	I totally recommend the professionals at Clear Vision. They took their time with me to pick out new eyeglass frames. And when they didn't have the style I was looking for they ordered new frames from the line I liked to preview. I was able to find sunglasses and regular eyeglass frames that I liked. They also cared about my comfort and offered me a beverage. The optician also called my vision insurance to straighten things out for Me. What can I say,I will not go anyplace else!
5	Almost two years after my first review, this update seems to follow the themes of the last one: 1) Grade-A doctor, 2) fantastic office team, 3) my asian nose. Dr. Wong and her team are better than ever, always highly competent, patient and professional. In particular, Dr. Wong and Rhonda, her Optical Specialist, have a natural ability to put patients at ease during their visit. The real reason for this update though-Clearvision now carries a new line of glasses and sunglasses designed for the gently rolling hill that is the asian nose. TC Charton Eyewear has figured it out the balance of stylish glasses that suit a cheeky face while staying on it at the same time. I highly encourage all my asian friends to check them out. I enjoyed my pair so much that I ordered a pair for the gentleman friend.
5	Great, quick fit. No pressure sales on glasses. I can't afford the stuff I want yet so I have to come back. The prices are not any higher than LensCrafters. I recommend this place.
5	I called and spoke to Rhonda to find new frames for current lenses.  The first pair she tried were great.  In and out in less than 20 minutes at a good price.
5	I was looking for a new optometrist and went to try Dr. Wong's office bases on the Yelp reviews.  The office is cleanly and the staff was great.  Dr. Wong was very pleasant during my exam and made sure I was comfortable.  I'm glad I made the switch to this office.
5	Amazing customer service. Entire staff was great from calling to make the appt to ordering/picking up contacts!!!
5	Update: I'm bumping Clearvision Eye Centers - Southwest up to 5 Stars. And I try not to give out 5 Stars these days. But Dr. Wong and her talented staff have earned it over the past 9 months by providing exceptional customer service. I don't have to wait 45 minutes past my appointment time to be seen. When I had questions about wearing my contacts while mountain biking she had answers and checked back to make sure my contacts were working for me. Her front office staff is also top notch. Rhonda knows insurance inside and out and I've never had a single insurance paperwork nightmare here. When I've ordered contacts they arrive exactly when they promised. As I sit here writing this...the only negative things I can think of related to this location is parking can be kinda tight sometimes, and Rainbow has a lot more traffic these days. But once you step inside the door Dr. Wong and her staff do everything right. Dr. Wong and her staff were so impressive that my wife even switched optometrists and hasn't had any issues either. (If she's happy, I'm happy!)5 Stars...Outstanding customer service like I've experienced here deserves nothing less.
5	Dr. Wong, is the best eye doctor I have ever seen. She is sweet, knowledgeable, and thorough! A special acknowledgement to the receptionist Chris.. She is a superstar!!  Thanks Clearvision SW!!!
5	Moving here from Hawaii I wasnt looking forward to finding new doctors. For five years I have always waited till I got home to maui to have all my check ups. However, I haven't been home for almost two years and recently my glasses broke. I was dreading on finding a new doctor because I liked my old one. However, I remembered working at a store across clear vision and one day they dropped some flyers off. I looked them up on yelp and saw they have great reviews so I took my chance. I called a week before my appointment to set it up. The day of my appointment I called at 9am to confirm. Somehow my appointment was never made. The nice lady who answered the phone apologized and still honored my appointment and squeezed me in. Walking in I was quickly greeted and filled my paperwork out. The office was small but very clean and welcoming. I waited 5 mins before the manager took me in for pre testing. She was nice and very informative.  She made sure she wiped all the equipments before we used them and worked quickly. After the pretesting got done she escorted me to a room to wait for Dr.Wong. She was quick and really nice. The hardest part about the visit was picking what type frame I wanted. They have so many choices and the staff is very accomodating and helpful. Because I am asian I lack a bridge so I was able to find a frame that could accomodate me, yet look stylish.
5	Came here to get a 2nd opinion after my first doctor gave me the wrong prescription. Dr Wong is extremely patient in answering all my questions. I would totally come back here again in the future and would recommend her to my family member and friends.
5	If I can give Clearvision Eye Centers -Southwest a 10, I would! I had the best experience. I live in Los Angeles, Ca and drove to Las Vegas, NV to visit the store because they carry frames by TC Charton. A few days prior to my trip, I called the store and Rhonda assisted me on the phone. I told her I like to stop by and try on some frames and asked if she had one called the "Yuki" by TC. Rhonda said they just sold a pair and can order one from the manufacture and have it in the store by the time I arrive in Vegas. Sure enough the frame arrived and Rhonda was kind enough to order a few different styles from TC that may fit my petite Asian face. Rhonda is the most helpful and patient person I have ever met. She is honest to tell you which frame looks best on you and why. She wants to make sure the frames fit properly and comfortably. After deciding on the frame YUKI, I also wanted to have prescription lenses made. Given my limited time in Vegas, Rhonda said the glasses will be ready in three days.  And true to her words, I got my glasses before I left Vegas! Dr. Wong came out to meet and greet and was excited for my selection. The entire staff is pleasant and the store is clean and tidy.Though I didn't win any money in Vegas, I won the JACKPOT at Clearvision Eye Centers -Southwest! I will definitely return in the future and recommend my friends and relatives to the store and to the TC Charton line.
4	Nice vision center, I'm new to Las Vegas and I discovered this place on my side of town.  Clean facility, young but very knowledgeable eye doctor.  Equipment state of the art and very high tech.  Only thing they need to work on is the wait time.  Every time I visit I can count on a 10 minute wait.  But great place overall.
5	I recently became a patient of Dr. Wong and ClearVision Eye Centers, and I am more than satisfied! The vision services available are state of the art, and the care I received was top notch! The customer service is excellent, and the staff has always been efficient and friendly. Dr. Wong is thorough in reviewing examination results, and in turn, she is able to recommend the best options for you and your eyes. I am happy to have Dr. Wong and ClearVision Eye Centers my new eye care provider. Thank you again!!!!
5	Dr. Michelle Wong is extremely knowledgeable, patient, and sweet.  She is very good at explaining things as well. Her staff is friendly and helpful. I am an educator and extremely particular with my doctors. I highly recommend Dr. Wong. This IS the place to go for your vision.
2	Dr. Wong is pretty friendly and efficient. The prices are ridiculous. $200 for a set of no-name frames for my 5 year old even with insurance. I bought designer frames and expected to pay top dollar. My kids don't know what Roxy or Prada are and they keep pushing the TC brand even when I tell them we don't want it. The reception staff are all pretty nice. The coffee and water are a nice bonus that you only get from intimate offices, as opposed to corporate joints like LensCrafters or Pearl. I like the place but they really try to steamroll you hand over fist with their prices. Don't tell me my insurance saved me $500 today when you are charging me over $200 out of pocket. I took my prescription to another local office an got 2 full sets in polycarbonate and transitions for my kid for less than what Clearvision was trying to charge for 1 basic set.
5	Best optometrist ever. She is so sweet and so if the staff. They're always quick and courteous.
