4	I pass this unassuming and oddly cute tourist attraction every day, and while giving the brass a good old rub isn't often something that hits the top of my to-do list, the reasonable prices, doddery staff and low-key facade makes it a far more honest and dignified venture than the shameless money-grabbing shitholes that litter the Royal Mile.It's not immediately obvious to find as it's down a close. Look for the sandwich board with a cartoon drawing of a knight on it. Last rubbing is 3:45 daily so get there sharpish.
4	I think there is something to be learnt from this place - that kids dont need a whole lot of flashy crap going on to keep them entertained. If you need proof just come in here - there is always a selection of kids who seem content doing something that involves paper and crayons - shocking isnt it? No Play-X-Station-Box could do that.This place is really quite the hidden gem - if you can find it, go on in, you wont be dissapoointed, because actually its quite good fun even when you are 21!The actual centre is free, but you pay a small cost for each rubbing, but it really is a small cost - liuke 50p or something. It's all worth it to keep places like this open though.
4	It's hard to rate historical buildings as I'm never sure what the sliding scale should be. Just for the look and feel of the place? I came here for an event, but this review really is for the building itself.The event was a Renaissance Fashion Show, and the venue was perfect for it. According to the plaque on the wall, it was an old College chapel. For an older building it was very well kept, very very well kept. No crumbling rock, the windows all in one piece, and it was surprisingly warm inside. It is one medium-sized space in side, but with very very tall ceilings. It was a great venue for an impromptu, renaissance fashion show. With enough room for rows of chairs either side, a changing area up the back, and room for for the massive skirts to sweep down the centre. The staff who were managing the event (and free cake and tea after) were very friendly. I'm not sure if they were with the building management team, or the event team, but if the building's own management team - very friendly.It, like many Edinburgh streets and buildings, was a bit tricky to find. It's down a small close just off the Royal Mile. Apparently the Brass Rubbing Centre itself is closed just now, but if you're in the area and hunting out all the older buildings you can find, this one is worth finding.
