5	I could eat at the Sizzling Wok every day.  The food is great, they have delivery but one the best part of this place is the people that work there.  We're greeted by name by Kenny, the manager. The rest of the staff make it a very welcoming atmosphere.  I have to drive past a lot of other Chinese restaurants to get to Sizzling Wok but it's worth the trip every time.
4	The worst part of Sizzling Wok is the location.  You have to look hard to find the place.  Hopefully when the new hardware store opens to replace the closed grocery store, it will bring some more customers in, because it would be a real shame if Kenny had to close due to lack of business.Once you manage to find Sizzling Wok, you will find a gracious, multi-ethnic staff.  I don't usually point this out, but when you go into a Chinese restaurant, you usually see (wait for it) Chinese employees.  Not here.  We were greeted by a female African American, Kenny (who appears to be Chinese) and a gentleman who would be hard-pressed to be more Southern.  Were he a bit older, he could have played in Lynyrd Skynyrd.  That's a tough act to follow in any establishment, let alone an ethnic restaurant.  Luckily it doesn't detract here.We settled in and decided on the (Flaming) Pu Pu platter for an appetizer, as it would allow us to sample several items that sounded tasty.  All in all, they weren't bad, but the star was the teriyaki beef skewers.  These succulent, tender mounds of meat were music to my mouth.  I am drooling just thinking about them.  Unfortunately, the rest of the platter, while good, didn't quite do as well.  I'd stick to the skewers.  If you don't like beef, the chicken isn't bad, and the wings are pretty good.  Stay away from the fried shrimp - it's pretty bad, with enough bread to scare away the Merita delivery guy (I know - he's my uncle).By the time we put away the Pu Pu platter, we were bordering on full, both because it was a decent amount of food and because we had been impressed by the way that the staff - all of them - kept our glasses full.But we forged ahead, into the Sizzling Wok Special (with a little spice).  I'll warn you now, this is not like Panda's Den, where you can tell them to go nuts on the spice and you won't have to worry about what you get.  If you tell Kenny you want a little spice, he'll take care of you.  We needed every drop of the liquid they gave us, and then some.  Don't say I didn't warn you.Unfortunately there aren't many vegetarian options, but there are a couple.  Shame, really, as the food is excellent.  Perhaps some of the best Chinese in Charlotte, and certainly the best in this area of town.  I highly recommend you checking it out, and tell Kenny I said so.Sweet Tea Report:  Another great surprise is Kenny's sweet tea.  He even suggests that having an item on the menu like sweet tea that isn't sweet enough just doesn't make sense, and that those people who make sweet tea that isn't sweet don't know what they are doing.  Why would someone do such a thing?  Sweet tea and Chinese food?  Interesting combination, but it really works!
4	As far as Chinese food goes this place is surpizingly good! Not as much oil used as a lot of Chinese restaurants use nowdays and the dishes seem to have more veggies, good flavor and generous portions. Try the Mah-la chicken, spicy and oh so good! Mu Shu is always good too. The owner Kenny is a nice guy and appreciates his customers, I get take out here a lot.
5	First time here and had a great meal. My General Chicken actually looked like chicken breast strips. Husband loved his Crispy Scallion Chicken and Hot and Sour soup. Super friendly staff and hands on owner.He spoke to every customer.A real find in Mint Hill. I always try to support local eateries and recommend Sizzling Wok.
4	Visiting the area so we decided to give this place a try due to the reviews. The owner was great on the phone and was able to deliver to our hotel. Excellent service and great food!!
3	I think a 3 star is a bit generous. I had my first experience here today for lunch. I called in for take out. I ordered the crisp scallion chicken. The girl on the phone said it would take 20 minutes for pick up. My expectation and my previous Chinese food experience told me it should be about 10 to 15 minutes. I took this as a good sign, they must be busy. I arrived 15 minutes later to find no one in the restaurant, not a soul. It was completely empty and it was 12:30pm on a Wednesday. Wait, what?  I chatted with a nice gentleman (I'm guessing he's the owner) for about 5 minutes and then waited another 5 minutes. The food finally arrived. I'll admit, the flavor on the scallion chicken was good, more sweet than heat. There were only 2 tiny pieces of broccoli in the dish and no other veggies. Anyways, I know this is a locally owned and operated restaurant, but I just wasn't very impressed.
4	Hooray for good Chinese food nearby!Sizzling Wok, like everyone else has mentioned, is wedged between Monroe Hardware and a salon, so you have to really be looking for it. Inside, everything has a new feel with darker, soft colors that are very welcoming and soothing. In my visits, I've met several of their employees, including owner Kenny Kong, and everyone is gracious and kind. They have a fairly standard menu, and they execute it well. The portions are incredibly large - they certainly take care of you! I've tried several items, and have enjoyed them all. As others have mentioned, the skewers are great, and I've made a meal out of just the Pu Pu platter appetizer.If the mood for Chinese strikes and you're in the area, Sizzling Wok is the way to go.
1	We were excited to find a well-reviewed Chinese Restaurant close to home but were disappointed after eating the food.  My 13-month old daughter and I had an upset stomach that night and my dad got sick when he ate it for leftovers.  Needless to say, we will not return.
4	First of all when I walk into the area I was greeted warmly by the owner. He is kind and humble. The food is delicious. The price for it is good. Love to come here again
1	Lady at the front was very nice.  We got takeout, which was fast.  The rice was hard and very dark brown and over soy sauced, eggroll was soggy.  Other dishes had no taste.  Something in the air there made us both get a tickle in our throat.  Will not be back.
5	Pretty awesome Chinese food. By far the best in mint hill. Everyone there is super nice too. Especially the owner
3	A nice place to order out or sit down and eat. Ive ordered here several times and the food is always good. Very reasonably priced and service is always consistent. They make a very good fried rice and the boneless spare ribs are excellent.
5	Had garlic chicken and crab Rangoon. Both very good. Quick Chinese, very friendly service, tasty and not greasy.
5	They have the best garlic chicken! The wait staff is excellent. I recommend to all Chinese food loving people!.
1	Kenny is extremely rude.  I order from here on a weekly basis and every time he asks me not to pay with my credit card because it takes too long.  I'm sorry Kenny this is the 21st century and I don't carry cash.  Tonight when I called and said hold on I need to grab my card (my fault I thought I knew where it was when I dialed) he responded with we are too busy.  You are two busy to take an order and get money??  Then I found it and started to read my card.  When I got to the third set of numbers he said hold on I need to go cook.  Excuse me?  Do not answer the phone if you need to be cooking.  You my friend lack in customer service.  The gentleman he handed the phone to was extremely kind, as all of the other employees are there.  If it had not been for him I would have hung up and taken my business elsewhere.  I think in the future I may do just that.  Kenny if you are going to own a restaurant learn how to treat your customers.  Especially ones that order frequently.
2	Beef and Broccoli is mediocre and the Crab Rangoon is terrible. I would not recommend. I now go to the New Asian Cuisine right down the street.
5	I've enjoyed Sizzling Wok for years. The food is outstanding (definitely have paid more for less at other Chinese restaurants) and Kenny is a fantastic owner. It's easy to become a regular
