2	I recently went to Bullhead City to spend the weekend with my sister. My mom offered to buy me a bus ticket to visit, and after seeing that the closest greyhound stop is in Kingman, I found gotobus.com and that they had a bus that stops at the casinos in Laughlin.The northbound bus left at a pretty inconvenient time, 3:30 am. It comes up from Mexico and is subject to border delays, so it was 5 hours late. So I showed up at the station, and had 5 hours to kill in the middle of the night. Guess I should have followed the booking email's suggestion to call and see what time the bus is arriving. The bus itself was pretty comfortable. It had high back seats that lean back, overhead storage, and they played movies. In Spanish though. The ride back home went off without a hitch however.If you're looking for a super cheap way to get place to place, Tufesa works. If you're going to Mexico it's probably a great option. Next time I visit my sister I'll probably get one of those casino room / tour bus packages all the retirees take to Laughlin instead.
4	My wife and I recently used Tufesa to travel from Phoenix, AZ all the way to Guaymas, Senora, Mexico. We'd been planning a trip to visit my uncle, who lives in San Carlos, but we we'd never driven in Mexico before so we were nervous. My uncle recommended Tufesa since he'd used it numerous times to travel between Mexico and the U.S. So, we gave it a shot.We arrived at the Tufesa station in Phoenix around 10:45pm. The bus depot isn't much bigger than a gas station and looks very much like one. The place wasn't crowded.We bought a tickets on their "Executive" bus, which costed around $85 per person, and boarded the bus at the expected time of 11:00pm. Upon entering the bus, we were pleasantly surprised to see that the seats were clean, cushioned, and had plenty of space both in front and behind. Rows consisted of 3 seats; 1 seat on one side of the aisle, and 2 seats on the other side of the aisle. Each seat had a leg rest that could be folded down so that you could recline. Extremely comfortable for a bus, I must say!The bus leaves Phoenix and makes a few other stops along the way before reaching our destination. It stopped in Tucson to pick up other passengers and then headed south to Nogales to cross the border. At the border, we pretty much just stayed in the bus and waited for the border patrol officers to come by and scan our passports. We also had the bus driver wait for us while we got our visas. After that, we had several hours to sleep while the bus drives down to Hermosillo and Guaymas.The inside of the bus is really nice. TV screens fold down from the ceiling to play a movie (however the movie is dubbed in Spanish). Otherwise, you can sleep pretty comfortably since all the lights are turned off and all the windows have thick curtains to block outside lights. There's also electrical outlets in each aisle, so you can charge your cell phone/tablet while your resting. EXTRA POINTS FOR THAT!My only gripe about the bus?... you guessed it...the restrooms. I had eaten just before the trip and didn't do #2 beforehand, so during the drive, I really had to go. I stood up from my seat and stumbled blindly to the back of the bus (note to self: bring cell phone or small flash light with you to the bathroom to avoid tripping). After figuring out how to open the door, the next step was trying to figure out how to close it. It wouldn't seem to latch closed. Eventually, I figured out that you really have to slam the door to close it properly. Once inside, I found myself in a cramped room with nothing more than a metal sink and metal toilet. (Claustrophobes, beware). The toilet seat appeared to be made of 1/4" thick sheet metal. Sitting on it was cold & uncomfortable. It seemed like the edges of the toilet hadn't been sanded or smoothed, so sitting on it felt like having a large ring shape carved around my bottom. Let's move on...The flush of the toilet is automatic. It apparently is triggered whenever the restroom light turns off. The restroom light is motion-sensor'd. And in my case, the sensor wasn't very sensitive. So the light keep shutting off every minute and then the toilet would flush a couple seconds afterwards. Despite me continuously waving my hands around while I sat on the can, the lights would still shut off. Now I know its considered good manners to do a "courtesy flush", but after hearing the bowl flush a dozen times, I'm sure the people on the bus thought I was taking one serious dump. But wait... it gets better.When the toilet does flush, a few spouts of water shoot down into the bowl to clear it out. Or rather, they're suppose to shoot down. One spout didn't. It shot up... right at my rear end. Can you imagine was it's like sitting cramped in the dark, waving your hands around like a madman to make the light come back on while having water shot up at your butt a dozen times? Thank GOD they had stocked a full roll of toilet paper! I ended up walking out of the restroom feeling filthier than when I went in. My wife complained that her restroom had no running water in the sink, so she couldn't wash her hands after going. Poor baby...All joking & criticizing aside, my experience with Tufesa was a very enjoyable one. I think it's an excellent value and a great way to travel to & from Mexico. I would recommend it to anyone. And for those who are nervous about trying them out, rest assured you'll be fine. (Just be sure to bring an extra underwear and a bottle of hand sanitizer)
5	I traveled on Tufesa Mazatlan to Phoenix  in 2012. It was my first long bus trip in 20 years. I was amazed at how modern and clean the bus was. Wi-Fi, lounging seats like my lazy Boy at home, and a privacy curtain that gave me a space the size of 4 first class seats on an airline. Bus left on time and arrived in Phoenix a halv an hour late due to border crowds. I am buying another Mazatlan to Phoenix ticket tomorrow so I will report if the service is as still as good. It was a20 hour trip with lots of sites and a good nights sleep. There are 5 buses a day and one Executive Bus ($30 extra) non stop. Bus  is $139 and air fair is $355. Bathroom is same as on the plane.  Seats were bigger than first class.  Going to pack a gourmet bag of boiled eggs, smoked salmon, grey poupon mustard, honey roasted almonds, pears, homemade bread and cinnamon buns,Couldn't get that past security at an airport!,  don't even have to take off my shoes.I love Tufesa bus. Enjoy life, it is later than you think.
4	We took the Tufesa Charter bus from Salt Lake City to Las Vegas round trip.  The bus drivers were very professional and on time. The bus was clean and so was the bathroom. Tufesa staff even called me on the return trip to tell me the bus would be 15 minutes early to Circus-Circus to pick us up.  One odd thing is I expected a bus full of senior citizens on their way to gamble in Las Vegas.  However, the bus charter is a Mexican Bus line, we were the only  english speaking people on the bus (except the bus driver was bilingual). The entertainment/movies were dubbed Spanish with or without subtitles in English.  Overall I was very impressed.
5	I took a bus from Las Vegas NV to Fontana CA and so far the Tufesa the best bus riding experience I got. Im a truck driver and I take many Greyhound and Tufesa much much better option. Firstly half a price of grayhound. And than bus and the people very clean. I mean very very clean and respectful company.  Our bus driver was a good driver and he knew how to drive the bus. Free WIFI newer Volvo bus make the riding very comfortable.  Highly recommend
5	The ladies at the front desk are always grouchy but the bus drivers and actual riding experience is well worth it, lol! I only wish they had more buses leaving Phoenix and maybe the ladies answering the phone should take a chill pill.
1	Let me preface this with:  If I could give less stars I would. My teenage son had a booking to ride from Kingman, AZ to Phoenix, AZ yesterday. I prepaid and purchased his ticket online weeks ago. We got to the bus station early and we were told he couldn't ride without a notarized letter stating he could. NOWHERE on the site did I find this info, he couldn't board, and his trip was delayed a day. Fast forward to today. We get to the depot at noon, which is 45 min early. Bus isn't there at 12:45 so we start calling the main office in Vegas. The idiot of a girl there answers the phone as if it's her own personal phone, doesn't even introduce herself or the company. We ask where the bus is and she puts us on hold for literally 11:30 minutes. I hang up, call back, and between her giggles she half-assed answers the phone.  After 5 minutes of holding she says "the bus will be there at 2:10."  I asked why the bus is 90 minutes late and she just repeats herself. We go home to burn some time after sitting at the depot for an hour, and come back at 1:55 and the bus is already there waiting.  The riders all look upset and the driver gets out and explains what's going on. Evidently the girl at the depot in Vegas never told him my son was on the manifest for today, so he drove through Kingman without stopping and was an hour past kingman on the way to Phoenix when she radioed and told him to come back for my son. You can imagine the anger of the passengers, all of which is now directed at my teenage son whom is - at this exact moment - riding for 3 1/2 hours to Phoenix with a bunch of angry strangers that are two hours later getting to their destination. FUCK YOU!Sincerely,Jason
