5	This place does good work... Their honest and reliable.  They are always busy because of their great reputation as a quality automotive repair shop.
5	I thought this place was Sonnic Auto Repair, but they formerly were Sony's Auto Repair.Went to this auto repair shop, which was recommended by a friend who lives in Las Vegas.   It looks like a hole in the wall, but was pretty busy as all the service bays were being used. Took my vehicle in for an oil change for a great price at $25.  The gentlemen in the front inspected the car per my request to see if any other additional work needed to be done for my car.  He said, everything looks good.  Prior to coming to this location, I went to other shops and was quoted $35.  I would have paid the $35 if they had better customer service.  I was pleased to do business with Sonnic Auto Repair, and will do business again, when in the area.  I recommend anyone to take their car here.
5	I have been taking both of my cars exclusively to Sonnic Auto since 2007.  Winston Lee has been able to diagnose and fix any problem that I bring his way.  We were referred to this shop by a friend.  They saved us several hundred dollars by diagnosing a bad battery vs. a bad alternator. Needless to say I was hooked. The office is small but very friendly.  Normally I'll do the early bird drop off and pick it up later on that day.  I've never found them to try and up charge us on any repair and would feel comfortable recommending this shop to men and women.  My wife has been up charged at other repair shops for needless repairs in the past. -Sean
5	Fair prices and quality work. Thanks! ;) got a 3 day job done in just a few hours. Sonnic auto is the best place. They are even struts and shocks specialists!
5	I've taken my daughters vehicle here for all the repairs and Winston has done a great job! I would highly recommend Sonnis Auto Repair to anyone.Great Service, Fair Price, and quick!
5	Simply the best...very honest people.  I took my 2009 Mercedes E350 there for brake flush and transmission oil change.   Very reasonable price compare to other shop.
5	These guys are the best. My AC pump went out. I purchased a new one from Auto Zone brought my truck and part in on a moments notice. They replaced the parts, charged the system and it works like new for half the price others wanted.  Great service, fast and professional
