5	Publix is roaring into Charlotte, and it's about time. I am so happy that they crossed over that state line and moved closer to my house. It's a store that has such a great, open feeling to it with friendly people everywhere you turn. EVERYTHING was on sale and even without the sale I know the same competitive prices, the same fresh produce, meat, fish and anything else you can imagine will be there every day. Thank you Publix and I'm sure I'll be seeing a lot of you.
5	Publix is my go to grocery store for everything I need. They have good and fair prices, their produce selection is huge with it all in good shape and nothing going bad. I have only been in the Charlotte area for a few months now and haven't been satisfied with a grocery store until now! Will be coming here for anything that I need. The entire staff were very friendly and seem to all enjoy their jobs. Which makes it a happier place to shop. Thank you for opening up!
5	You will never shop in  a Grocery Store like this.The service ..!!!!  The food ... They actually take pride in their store.. everyone speaks and will help you in any way.. Every Department is perfect. . Never mind what I say look at the pictures.  Is there a Grocery store in the Charlotte area ..like this.? NO!!  NO!! And you will say the same. There is one big thing I found out ..They did not take tax breaks or anything from the city like many all business have done. WOW!!!  What a fresh idea . Go by and tell Howard, The Store Manager, the Yelp guy sent you.
5	So glad they are here in Charlotte now! Outstanding customer service, fresh produce with great prices (on the produce). They are pricier than Harris Teeter on many items I buy regularly, like ground turkey breast, dairy items etc., HOWEVER, if you shop their sales the right way, you can save a bundle over and above Teeter in a skinny second. I'll be shopping both the save the most money to be honest. Publix will also take Teeter coupons, so when Teeter sends out the $10 of $50 spend, you can use that at Publix, and I have, twice since they have opened. As a sushi fan, but not one to buy much at the grocery store unless we are in such a hurry to eat, and eat something healthy, FAST, but I will say this, I have already bought it twice at Publix and must say, it's not Jade or 18, but for $9 it was awesome! Huge roll, fresh fish, rice wasn't stale...grocery store sushi? That's good? Who knew! Their staff is friendly, always helpful, the bag boys take your cart to the car. We lived in Florida for 5 years before moving here in 2004 and besides my friends, I missed Publix the most! So excited they have opened in my area in Charlotte, I'll be there quite often!
5	I've only gone to this store a few times; but I feel their customer service is exceptional!! Upon entering the store you're greeted. The store is extremely clean! The bakery/breads and produce section is loaded with FRESH products and a lot of buy one get one items. The produce is bright, clean, neatly organized and it's plentiful. There are displays set up everywhere for sampling of foods and wines and even a person to assist in meal ideas. The meat dept is hands on and they educate you on what you're buying and the best way to cook the meats safely. Some of the shelf items are pricier than the average stores; but they make up for it in all the buy one get one items. There are baggers that insist on taking your groceries to your car and not only will they not accept tips; but they hand you coupons for free items on your next visit. This is my kinda store. I'll be glad when there is one in my neighborhood!
4	I went to Publix on the first visit and was blown away. Their customer service in one word was "exceptional"!   I will drive for miles just for their produce!! Tons of buy one get one, the bakery is like no other. Plenty of samples to try.  Fancy pastries. The hot bar is loaded with food that actually looks fresh; not like it's been out for a while. A nice seated area to enjoy your meals. They even have a section that makes sub sandwichand they are DELISH!  The store is so clean and the meat section smells fresh ! I know I sound like a marketing agent but it's all true. I just wish there was one in my neighborhood. But until there is I'll take the drive for the produce, meats and bakery fresh breads!
4	Publix has made its' way into North Carolina, and after protesting while it was new, I finally caved and went for the first time a couple of weeks ago. On a weekday, mid afternoon the store is pretty empty. But on the weekend watch out! There are just people every where. And I'm pretty sure employees are at a 1:1 ratio to customers because I was asked if I was finding everything ok on every isle. It gets kind of old actually. They don't ask if you want your groceries to be taken out, they just take it out. Sometimes I just think the baggers need a break from being so nice. Their store is very nice. It's easy to navigate, and everything is super fresh. All of the cakes and deli foods are made fresh at the store. You can really taste the difference. It's a nice place to shop, but I do think you get what you pay for. Definitely not a discount store.
5	Wow, exceptional grocery store. Let me see1-10 scale Customer service  10Full service deli: 10Full service bakery: 10Meat service: 10Seafood service: 10Weekend demos of food and wine samples: 10Cleanliness: 10Restrooms:10Prices: 6Everything but price is fantastic here. HT is a little less expensive on many items.Come here for a few items, but don't do all of my grocery shopping here because of my budget.
5	I love this store. It's clean and the produce is always really fresh. They also have a great bakery that I always linger at forever and also have fresh sandwiches and sushi! And the prices are comparable to other grocers in the area
5	Very clean and great selection. Bakery was amazing. Customer service excellent. I found prices on par with Harris teeter. Look for sale items!
5	I love shopping at Publix!! The store is always clean and well stocked. The prices are definitely better than most area stores. The staff is super friendly!!
4	Very Good place to shop.Not a giant selection of groceries, but good enough.Chicken tender sandwich is Banging!
