3	I took up fly fishing a while back, and you can find whatever you want in that regard at Jesse Brown's.  Lately they have been my stop of choice when shopping for Tevas or Keens.  They didn't have the Teva flip-flops I was looking for, but the guy showed me Keens and now I never take the dang things off my feet!  A good collection of the "Life Is Good" clothing line can also be found here.  This particular location is in the shopping area across from SouthPark Mall, and is up on the second level.
5	I just ordered a knife from their online store.  It turns out their picture was wrong and I got the wrong blade.  I wrote them and Tiphany immediately sent me a prepaid FedEx label to return the knife and express mailed me a more expensive replacement at no cost.I'm very satisfied with my experience with them.
5	Though Jessie Brown's isn't in the most accessible or likely location, it is easily one of my favorite places to buy gear and apparel. I've been coming here for the past couple of years and have always found items that were difficult to come by, deals that couldn't be resisted and always helpful staff. Though some of the gentlemen tend to have a bit of an attitude, they are always willing to help you find what you're looking for. The layout and decor is really welcoming and has a great feel. These guys have a great selection from different brands. North Face, Arcteryx, Patagonia, Marmot, and some others. I also really dig that they have a good selection of climbing shoes and gear. Their shoe selection is always packed with all different levels of outdoor need. I've never purchased one from these guys, but they have a killer selection of knives, too. In the past couple of years I've purchased plenty of MSR camp stove canisters from these guys. They always have a plethora. Also picked up a nice Thermarest from here. Most recently, my wife and I were looking for a nice mid-layer jacket for the winter for her. We checked out a few different options in the women's section and ended up scoring a great deal on a hooded zip from Patagonia. It was on crazy sale, too. Don't remember exactly how much we ended up paying, but I know it was close to 60% off from the previous year. If I'm ever looking for something particular, Jessie Brown's always has it or at least something comparable. Love coming to this local shop!
4	Shop local when you can, folks. And this store is a great place to start. It's pretty homegrown and simple. Outdoor apparel, gear and shoes. It's not a Dick's or REI, but it doesn't want to be.Recently, I found a pair of "lonely only" shoes that were originally $100, marked down 65%. So $35 for a pair of shoes that retails much higher, even online (my go-to reason for not buying something in a store)...can't beat it! The man working said he had just marked them down because they were the last pair. SCORE!It's a good mixture of helpful customer service and leaving you to shop, which I appreciate. I loathe hovering employees who do nothing but talk up products. If I want help, I can ask for it. These guys get it right.They also do killer end-of-season clearances that are worth looking into. Last year I found a Patagonia jacket for more than 50% off. Again, can't beat that. And I appreciate knowing my money is going right back into the local economy, instead of a big box store's stock prices.Go to Jesse Brown's. Support local business. And who knows what treasure you might dig up?
4	Premium quality outdoor gear and apparel. Trout angler's heaven. Pricey.
4	Great locally owned store that specializes in all sorts of outdoor gear.  They are very helpful and will be happy to assist you if you need a special order for anything.
4	My go to in Charlotte for outdoor gear. Great selection of Patagonia, Arctyrx and North Face. Everyone is very friendly and wants to help but is not over-bearing. They also have a great fly fishing selection if you're looking for that.
