4	Three grown women should not oooh and aahh over gas prices.  It's just wrong.  And yet, we often do.  Or, if we recently filled up, it's more of an "Aw man...."  There are 2 Arco gas stations near each other that have the best gas prices I ever find.  I used to work right here in the area and it was awesome.  Loved being near cheap gas.  Now.. sigh... I don't.  But I put myself in the area the other night so we had to make a pit stop.  Based on when you're reading this the $2.89/gallon that I payed will either sound super cheap or horrifically expensive.  Even right now, it feels both to me.  Cheaper than the 2.99 and 3.05 places we passed on the way over here, but too dang expensive when I remember filling up for under $1 a gallon and I am NOT that old.  Then on the way home we passed the other cheap Arco, at the corner of McDowell & 44th street at it was just $2.87/gallon.  Dang it.  I should have gone there.  Important note: If ya didn't know, ARCO charges $0.45 as a transaction fee to use your debit/credit to buy gas.  Discounts the savings a bit.  BUT - go in w/ cash, or make a purchase inside, do cash back, then use THAT to buy your gas - and you've still got a great deal.
2	I don't really know why I'm reviewing a gas station. The experience I had here was just too ridiculous to not write about. It was a Sunday, around 3:00 PM. My dad was in town and we had just bought live lobsters from AJs to cook at my house while watching the NBA Finals. I headed in here to buy him a pack of cigarettes while he was trying to find some special lobster knife at the Fry's across the street.  There were about 4 people ahead of me in line. The lady at the very front had a thick accent.  Not saying this in any way attributed to her bat-shit-crazyness, it's just part of the story. I'm not sure what she was buying, but she was paying mostly in change, and was a little short. She apparently had been arguing with the cashier for a while, long enough for a line of 5+ to form behind her, but I caught the tail end of the exchange.Cashier: (Obviously annoyed) No, it comes to $5.85.  That's $5.10. You need more money.Crazy Lady: Ok fine! Here! (more change)Cashier: That's still not enough. You're short $.60.Crazy Lady: (Turns around, exasperated, to line of people who aren't too pleased with her) Does anyone have a dollar?Guy who may have been Jesus Christ: Oh sure, here you go.Crazy Lady (Yelling at Cashier): HERE! HERE YOU ARE! HERE'S YOUR MONEY!Cashier: (Rolls eyes and puts money in the register, goes to give Crazy Lady her $.40 in change)Crazy Lady: What?! I paid you with a twenty!Me: (Leaves)
2	Nothing but the best (unless its affordable and wallet friendly) gas for my Berry (VW). The locations are never really in the best of neighborhoods & the odds are pretty good someone will ask if your interested or know someone who is interested in buying a washer but if you can get away with acting as if your a foreigner who speaks anything but English, no one will really bother you.
