5	Since I live within 1/2 a mile of this center we were very excited to get a new restaurant in this spot. Many restaurants have come and gone right in this space so we've been hoping for a good place that stays around. We tried Cyprus Grill of Chandler last week for the first time (and 2 times since!) and it was clean, new, fast, has a friendly/nice staff and most importantly, has very good greek food. We met the owner (and his wife) and they were both very, very nice.There are a few tables outside as an option which is very nice right now since the weather has been beautiful. Now for the food- I ordered the Spartan Club which was very good. It was 2 pitas (like a sandwich) with gyro meat, grilled chicken, tzatziki, tomato, lettuce and hot sauce. It was delicious and the hot sauce gave that "extra kick." My parents got the gyro's (gyro meat, pita, tzatziki, tomato, lettuce) and they loved theirs as well and said they'd come back. My husband got the hummus appetizer and it was really good too. We were all going to get a drink but since they just opened they are waiting for their liquor license. I'd definitely recommend this place for some yummy greek food. It looks like their full bar is going to be really nice too.Cyprus Grill- stay friendly, clean and cooking and I think you'll do great! I think you'll have a big following out here in Chandler, we are telling all our neighbors. :)
5	Yayyyyy!!!  There is a new Cyprus Grill in Chandler!  Now I can eat here for lunch and enjoy the one in Phoenix while at home.  When you walk in you are greeted by the host and given the option to sit where you want.  You can see the food prep area which is behind a really nice glass counter.  To the left is a bar where you can wait for takeout or have a bite to eat while watching a game on their big screen lcd.  To the right is the main seating area consisting of a couple booths, tables, and a high top bar with stools.  In front of the restaurant is a small patio where you can sit and eat.The menu is identical to the Phoenix location and everything is just as delicious and fresh.  I took some coworkers here and everyone loved it.  Of course, the big hit was the Greek Fries but if we go again I will order the Spartan Club so I can show them what it's all about: tons of gyro and chicken along with some fresh veggies sandwiched between 2 pieces of pita bread.  I also like the souvlaki skewers, and usually order the chicken souvlaki dinner which comes with rice and a side salad although I think you can sub the Greek Fries.Service is excellent .  You can catch the owner, who's from Cyprus, most of the time.  What a great guy!  Him and this restaurant are a class act, the food is great, and it is in a great location.
5	My husband and I stumbled upon this place while looking for a place to eat one evening. I'm more adventurous than he is about food, but even he was thrilled with the food and the service. A couple of times, we have been served by the owner who is wonderfully hospitable and charming. My husband consistently orders the daily special and has never once been disappointed. I usually order the gyro, which is truly the best gyro I have ever had. I just can't help myself - I crave it now. We have been back half a dozen times already and I was also inspired to try their other location when I was in the neighborhood recently. So thankful to have something that is not a chain restaurant to chose from in the area. We'll be back many times.
3	I was on my way to Paradise Bakery when this restaurant caught my attention. Looks nice and tidy and the gentleman who took my order seems so friendly and confident about the food they serve. He said that they have Chicken Slovaki which is somewhat the same like Chicken Shwarma. I had a good lunch and it was OK.
1	Hmmm, the sign outside Cyprus in Chandler says they open at 11, so why did they open at noon today?  Screwed up my date and so we ran over to Grimaldi's instead.
5	Great Food and very Clean if you like eating healthy!  Owner is super cool!  I always get the chicken Kabob plate with side salad and Hummus! YUM!!Not cheep but ive learend that you usually get what you pay for!
5	This place is still great! One word: consistency! Every single time we eat here the food is excellent! :)
5	Quite a fan of this place. It was pretty quiet while we were there, but the server was able to recommend a good Greek beer, and the food was pretty darn tasty. We'll be going back!
5	I have to admit that I have some bias towards this new location of my favorite Greek restaurant here in Phoenix so bear with me.It is always a pleasure to come and eat at Cyprus Grill and my wife and I do so on a nearly-weekly basis.  The owners are extremely nice and accommodating and both of their locations are quick to serve.  I love their pita and you cannot... repeat cannot eat here without getting the Greek fries.  The hummus is fresh and the pita bread is as well.My other favorites here are the Greek Pita salad and the Calamari salad; both are generous portions and the dressing is very tasty without being overwhelming.  As for the desserts I have only had their baklava but it has always been fresh and well-presented.I believe that they will soon have their liquor license so certainly that will probably only continue to expand their clientele base.
5	I was heading to Pei Wei when I saw this place and thought hummus sounded yummy. I ordered the veggie plate which came with hummus, tzatziki, falafal, spanakopita, dolmades and pita. This dish was gigantic. It could be shared by 3 people as an appetizer. I ate it for dinner though and took more than half of it home.Their pita bread puts a known valley chain with pita in the name to shame. Seriously with a name like that, how can your pita bread taste like cardboard? Anyway, I digress... Cyprus Grill is amazing, and honestly why would you go anywhere else for delicious greek food?!
5	We love this place! Try the Greek fries (lemony and delicious) and Spartan Club has it all (pita,gyro meat and chicken) when you can't decide. Owners are friendly and genuine and your food is delivered very quickly.
2	Went to Cyprus Grill for dinner.  I was excited by the fact that maybe this might be a bit different given that the owners are from Cyprus.  We ordered a couple of appetizers and they were very average.  We also order two entrees, the Moussaka and the Sheftalia Dinner Entrees and very disappointed in both.  The Moussaka was very average with no flavor and the Sheftalia kebabs had some flavor but we very salty.    Overall, I think there are many better choices for Greek food in the valley.
5	I love this restaurant.As a Greek Cypriot myself, I was pretty excited when I saw this place move in down the street. The food is amazing, and the owners are truly great people.If you like Greek food, you'll love Cyprus Grill.
5	I love the owners.  Very friendly and accomodating.  One night we had called after they had closed, and were pleasantly surprised when someone answered.  Turns out they were hosting a private party.  They agreed to take our order, which made us pretty happy.I adore their Greek fries.  Olive oil, lemon, and the perfect amount of fetta.  Been here several times for lunch, and always leave happy.  Looking forward to meeting friends here for happy hour.
4	I'm a fan of this place for some key reasons:1- Ingredients look and taste fresh; they are not stingey with the good veggies either (like red bell peppers, red onions, olive oil, etc); Oh yeah and their portions are impressive (salads are HUGE, lavash wraps are HUGE).2- The kitchen staff (which is visible from the seating area) is impressively quick (and accurate) - On more than several occasions, I have walked in and made a to-go order that is fulfilled in less than 7 minutes.3- Prices are very good; Great for those that go out to eat on a daily/weekly basis (not me, I'm more of a 'cook at home' kinda gal).Tip: Order the Lavash wrap (pick whatever you want inside: chicken, gyro, etc), but get the whole wheat lavash... NO one offers whole wheat lavash, but THEY do :)Their Spartan Fries are yummy!  Stay away from the calamari appetizer.. I've had amazing fried calamari in the coast of CA and in Spain and this dish was shameful, sorry!! but true!!
5	I've been here a couple times now and have had the gyro. I'm no gyro expert but that is the best gyro that I have ever had. The place is very clean and the staff is fast and polite. I recently had the Spartan Club due to the recommendations on here. Now that's a damn good sandwich! You gotta try this place out.
5	I love this place! People are very friendly and very clean restaurant. I come here with co workers for lunch on a weekly basis. I order a gyro pita and side of Greek fries, so delicious! The salads are huge and tasty as well. The Greek fries are amazing with feta cheese and a lemon butter sauce they put over the fries. I can eat here everyday!
4	Came here for dinner on March 20, 2012.  I was in town for spring training with my five year old son.  We needed something quiet because he had had a long day.When we got to the restaurant at about 6:00, it was pretty empty.  The hostess / server was very friendly and seated us right away.  I was pleased to see they have a kid's section on the menu.My son wanted penne pasta with red sauce.  I opted for the Greek salad with gyro meat.  The pasta was typical kid's meal stuff, but my son ate the whole thing.  The salad was big with a lot of gyro meat on top.  The ingredients were fresh, and the whole thing was pretty good.I wanted to try some of their beers, but I passed because I was driving with the kid.  When I am back in the area, I will have to give them a try.
4	Went to Cypress Grill for lunch yesterday and thought is was very good.  Very good food & very good service.  My wife had the special strawberry salad and I had the greek salad with gyro meat and both were excellent.  The portions were nice and large, too.Definitely going to put Cypress Grill on our rotation of restaurants to return to.  We'll probably go back for dinner next and try the lamb chop, which our waiter recommended highly.  If dinner is as good as lunch, we'll up our rating to 5-stars!
4	Tried their LAMB Pita- would recommend! Their Pita bread is up to par but nothing amazing. The lamb was a little dry but was cooked right and nonetheless delicous. The service was very friendly and we got our food in a timely fashion. Fries came with fetta and olive oil which was awesome. I've had better greek food from hole-in-the-walls but this place is not bad at all.
3	The flavor of the meat (both lamb and chicken) was amazing.  The tzatziki and humus were ordinary.  The Greek fries were pretty good.  The Greek potatoes were not so much.  Good service and conveniently located.  Priced a little high for the overall experience.
5	I called and made a reservation on graduation night for HHS, and they said "No Problem!"  Even though the place wasn't packed, they had a place for six all ready for us when we arrived 10 minutes early.  We got extra-special attention from the owner and the waiter!  I love this place!I have eaten lunch and dinner here about 3 times each, and everything on the menu is excellent!  The pork Souvlaki (grilled pork on skewers) was excellent, the gyro meat is always tasty and lean, and the chicken dinner is "to-die-for".  There's this mustard-like sauce that is so tasty, and not overwheming.  And, the chicken is so moist!I hope more people eat here regularly, as I want this excellent restaurant to last in this location!
5	Delicious kebabs and middle eastern food.   The lamb is my favorite.  Service is prompt and friendly and prices are reasonable.
2	The food wasn't very impressive. This corner eaterie  was a disappointment. I love all types of Mediterranean food. Its one of my favorite cuisines, but The Cypress Grill couldn't even match the tastes of Pita Jungle. I shared the chicken souvlaki entree. The dish came with 2 average sized kabobs of cubed chicken breast. The meat was lean, but it was marinated too long in a salty liquid with dry, store bought herbs. The rice was mostly tasteless and the tzatziki sauce came right out of a jar. Surprisingly, the salad was the most disappointing. Greek salad is so easy to make with a lemon viniagrette. I found the dressing too sweet to tolerate and the lettuce possessed a bitter quality not normally found in this type of lettuce mix. My son had the gyro platter. He said he liked the gyro meat and the rice but didn't touch the salad or tzatziki sauce. I won't be returning because you don't need to be fancy or expensive to offer good food. If I want kabob, I'll go ti Pita Souvli up the street, Pita Jungle a few miles away or hike up to Haji Baba for authentic souvlaki. The entire experience was sad considering I can walk to the Cypress Grill.
2	I really wanted to like this place but I've been there 3 times now and I just can't recommend it. The people are great but the food is just so-so and not worth the price. I've tried the chicken kabobs twice now and they were overcooked both times. My husband tried the pasta and it was overcooked as well. He originally ordered a feta burger but they were out of them at 6pm on a Friday night. The hummus is good although a little thin. I prefer Greeks Grill on Alma School to this place as the food is better and less pricey.
5	Healthy options and great owner always willing to go the extra mile.
3	It's been awhile since we were here but wanted to review. The food wasn't bad. I felt it would be better as a order at the counter type of place. I thought our bill was high for the type of setting it was.
4	This place is great! Fast, friendly service. Fresh food with good quality meat and totally fair prices. The artichoke spinich dip is awesome! I would stick with the gyros + salad instead of the meals.
5	Love, love, love this place! I could live my life on Greek food, so when the Daphne's in this spot closed down, I was sad, not because the food was good but it was walking distance from my home and open late. When this place opened up, I was ecstatic. And the food is good.  I always get the Veggie sampler plate, and it's awesome. Rarely is there such a large spanakopita on such platters. The portion is great!The lemon-rice soup is nice. I've also tried their wraps, falafel is my fave. The pesto portabella wrap is not exactly Greek, but the pesto is fresh and they don't skimp. We love mousaka, but their eggplant version has beef.
3	Nice lunch. A friend of my husbands who is Greek raved about the PHX location so we were heading out that way when I looked online and found the Chandler location. Nice place but oddly I found the chairs were really uncomfortable, how random, right? After reading the reviews here I went with the chicken souvlaki pita with greek fries. The chicken was marinated perfectly. Tzatziki (sp?) was good but not as garlicky as I hoped, the cucumbers were crunchy and fresh, I would have preferred more dill too but good. The pita bread was as it should be, fresh, soft ,warm, slightly chewy. The greek fries were super tasty but just too bad (healthwise) for me to eat very much of. They use frozen string fries which I love, super crispy, with lemon and very finely chopped feta. Everyone enjoyed them even the kids but next time I'd get the greek salad which was super fresh. The biggest thing that bothered me was the plate my food was served on was chipped in several places, big chips - why? You weren't busy just two other tables, couldn't I get a good plate?My husband got the moussaka plate with rice, greek salad, pita and tzatziki. He enjoyed it but having Greek friends and traveled to Greece he said it wasn't the best he had and it was a small portion. The boys had pasta with alfredo sauce which was very good. A nice experience but I think we will give the Phoenix location a shot next time we are craving Greek food.Editing to add: Very, very nice service!Can I give a 3.5?
4	If you go you HAVE to try the fries! I don't know what they are called but they have cheese (fetta I think) lemon and garlic on them. They are sooo good! I got a chicken pita wrap and it was really good, the sauce they used on the wrap made it awesome!
5	Had the Spartan Club with a side salad. Felt like a full warrior when I left.
5	I found this little gem tucked away by my church a couple of months ago. Since then, I've eaten here at least two and three times a month.The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. My favorite go-to on the menu is the Greek Salad with chicken. It is so tasty and huge! I never have been able to finish it in one sitting and always end up taking the leftover chicken home. Also delicious? Their baklava. It is melt-in-your-mouth good.I've taken many friends and family here after church and everyone has loved the place and added it to their list of restaurants to frequent.Just writing this review, I'm now craving their yummy salad!
4	They have the best Greek fries and the service is excellent.
4	My parents took me here for lunch on my recent visit because they were offering special $4 gyros and they said they were really good. Apparently a lot of others got the text about the special too, as the place was pretty busy! They seem to know how to control the lunch crowd- the line went pretty quick. We ordered 3 to go and went home to eat them.These gyros were VERY good. The pita was warm, soft and fluffy. There was crisp leafy green lettuce and a diced cucumber/tomato mixture in it that I wish I could have had as a side! The meat was very flavorful and not too greasy, which I appreciated. The gyro was big enough for my dad and I to split (we weren't extremely hungry), but one would definitely fill you up.I would love to return to Cyprus Grill to try an entree...if their other food is as good as the gyro, this place could be dangerous!
4	Our first visit. A bit quiet on a Monday night. Service was fast and friendly. Wife and I shared a hommus appetizer and Greek fries. We like our hommus with more zest i.e. garlic. Main courses were the gyro dinner and chicken souvlaki meal. Both were tasty with generous portions. We'll go back.
3	Pretty good gyro :) the Greek fries were good.
5	When my fiance said greek I was like....eww.....but then I ate here and was like.....not ew...GET THE GREEK FRIES IF YOU KNOW WHATS GOOD FOR YOUAwesome fresh food. Fast and friendly service.
5	Our family loves Cyprus Grill and would like them to stay in business a long time:)  I love that their ingredients have consistently been fresh and simple.  The pitas are soft and hummus are soo yummy!  And they have the BEST fries!!!
5	Our local "greek" place. We are there at least once a week for lunch eating their delicious gyro pitas and greek fries and once in a while we have the uber-delicious and very filling Moussaka! Although there are plenty of other great item on the menu.
5	Love the food and the service is continually excellent.  Prices are reasonable (salad is a little pricy) never once a bad experience - I highly recommend!
3	First off I've only ordered take out from this place so I can only review the quality of the food and not the service.  As far as the food goes it is very good!  I usually get the chicken breast dinner and it is always cooked just right.  The pita bread is almost always soft, warm, and chewy.  I also like the rice pilaf and the salad is fresh.  I've also tried the mousaka dinner and it is tasty although I do wish it came in a bigger portion.  The food is very good but I feel it is overpriced especially given the size of the portions.  Lucky for them there isn't much competition in the area to motivate them to lower their prices..
4	Excellent food! The chicken souvlaki was delicious - very good seasoning. The salad was simple but had tasty dressing. Rice was good but nothing special. My wife had a gyros plate which was very good, but not as good as the chicken in my opinion. We live close by and enjoy Greek food, so I hope this place stays in business.As others have said, it's a bit more pricey than you might expect, but when you get delicious food (and a large enough portion), you can't complain too much!
4	When it comes to food, as long as it looks edible I'm going to eat it. If it smells weird then I'm probably not going to eat it. But I also like the motto of "Do hate it till you've tried it" when it comes to food. Yet it takes me some time to get used to the different styles of foods and the taste they may have. But I'm always up for trying something new.The restaurant was small and with an intimate bar area. The service was unusual but I didn't have any problems. I went around lunch time so it was moderately busy but it didn't take very long for our food to come out and when it did it was worth the wait. The many different flavors and seasonings and dressings that usually come on Greek food do take some getting used to but it is an over-whelming experience. The Greek fries are definitely a must-try. The French fries come covered in Parmesan Leon-Sauce with a sprinkle of oregano and feta cheese. In my opinion, there was too much Leon- Sauce and it made the fries soggy and hard to eat. Yet they were my favorite part. But the Mozzarella burger finished close second. Although it seems rather plain and simple, the flavors were still rather surprising and tasteful. I'm usually a plan a simple girl when it comes to burgers but this one opened up my eyes to the different possibilities in burger combinations.  While also reading other options I had made a point to go back and try something else. The prices were relatively reasonable and the good service makes it easy to get in and out without the struggle of most sit down restaurants.
5	This is one of my favorite Chandler restaurants! What a great find for fresh great tasting Greek Food! The owners are wonderful and really make you feel like you are eating in a Greek Cafe. The checker table really gives it an authentic touch! My son loves the hummus and pita, but my fav is the gyros sandwich with salad combo. The salads are great if you are a vegetarian and their dressing is to die for!
2	I brought a client here from out of town.  Not only was the restaurant filthy, the food was just ok and the service was horrible. I was very embarrassed!  Never again!
5	I'm originally from Toronto Canada where it's very multicultural and pretty much every one there are exposed to Authentic Foods!  So I grew up having only the best Greek Food.  I have gone to My Big Fat Greek Restaurants in all locations, every experience was ok, the food was pretty Americanized greek food!  I had heard about Cyprus Grill through a friends and they said great things.  I now go at least once a week, by far my favorite Greek restaurant.  The food is truly amazing!! So fresh and Authentic!  Brings me back home!  The service is great, very family friendly and no wait time!  I highly recommend this place and take all my friends and family who come visit me in Chandler including all my business meetings!  Great job Cyprus Grill you have one happy Local!!!!!
4	We wanted something delicious and somewhat healthy after a hike, so we stopped at Cyprus Grill. I had a falafel pita that was pretty good, with a greek salad on the side that was fresh and flavorful. We shared some Greek fries and they are AMAZING! I have never heard of Greek fries (fries w/ lemon, feta and spices) but I'm mad I've gone so long never trying them. YUM.Service was fast and the staff was very friendly (and seem authentic Greek, which is always nice extra)
4	Took hubby here for his birthday (he had been before & was his choice). I told the cashier (who might also be the owner/manager?) that we were there to celebrate my husband's birthday & she offered to bring out a dessert at the end of our meal. Nice! We ordered the greek fries (tasty & different!), and I had the chicken souvlaki pita.  It was good but I found the chicken a little dry. They brought out the complimentary dessert (baklava) which my husband is a huge fan of.  Their espresso machine wasn't working so they let me go down to Starbucks a few doors down to bring back coffees for the dessert. They have a full bar set up, might come back for dinner one night.
3	The  hostess is a honey, foods just above average, annoying having to wait in line without a menu to read.
2	Food was OK,, but I had better gyros at Chandler Fashion Mall. Much more meat there.  Here, not so much.  The Greek wings were very good and the Humus was tasty as well.  I will try it again, just to see.
5	I am back to sayTHIS PLACE IS SO GOODStill have not let me down. Lunch or dinner, always consistent.
4	This place has really good Greek Food! I had the gyro w/ fries and started with the spinach artichoke dip. Everything is fresh and you can definitely tell in every bite!
4	This is our go-to place for excellent Greek food! The service isn't always the best though and they close way early on Sundays. But if you're looking for great Greek food, this is the place to go!
5	Nice little place. Enjoyed every bite of my dinner. We ordered pork , and pita with lamb , both were good. Service and speed was excellent . If you local you should visit it
5	Are at a few Greek places and I gotta admit this it's my favorite one. Service it's good and food is great.
4	This is a really great place! The food is really awesome! Would for sure come back to try something else! Looking forward to the next time! They also serve liquor here if someone wants a cocktail! I had the gyros and garlic parmesan fries,  a must have!!!
5	To this day, this is still my favorite restaurant. I live in California now but this restaurant was on the too of my "things I'll miss about Arizona" list  Here's why: - greek fries are THE BEST! The fries are shoestring style and always a perfect golden crispy, which is perfect for the lemon and feta topping they out on as it never gets soggy! I can eat a whole order of this by myself...- the bruschetta! The tomatoes are perfectly seasoned or marinated or whatever! I have no clue what they do to make it have so much flavor but seriously, it's like crack- the gyros! Around $6 and sooo so worth the money. They're generous with the tzatzika and have the perfect ratio of veggies to pita to gyro meat. Yummm- lastly, the greek salad with gyro! For those of you trying to be a bit more healthy, this is perfect bc you can still enjoy the gyro meat without the extra carbs from the pita bread (although they do give you pita on the side). And it's HUGE! And worth the extra money you pay for the gyro. Plus they have pepperoncinis! Mmm... - the staff! So friendly! And they knew me and my family because we were there so often! A couple of the waiters and waitresses stand out as exceptionally personable because of how often they check in. And the food comes fairly quick as well :)
5	Excellent food. Portions are huge. Too much to eat in one sitting.
5	Yum Yum Yum - I have been here several times and have been disappointed yes! Chicken is great, salad and rice! It's all good.
5	Awesome food and great service. Healthy too!
4	This place is okay.  I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here but I would consider eating here again.  I thought it was a little expensive for what you got.  We had a greek salad which I asked for the dressing on the side and did not get.  The salad over all was good and I would get it again.  We had grilled chicken with rice and French fries and should have probably gotten the salad instead of fries, it would of been a better combo.
4	Quick review:- Tasty gyro sandwich!- Definitely get the Greek fries.- Reasonably priced.
4	Bang for buck. Good food, healthy and tasty. I ate a chicken salad wrap with hummus and tzatziki. Nice flavor. My new lunch place.
4	I feel really lucky to live close to several very good Greek restaurants and I think Cyprus Grill is my favorite.  The staff is always friendly and the food is delicious!  My favorites are the calamari and the chicken souvlaki.  The breading on the calamari is so light and crunchy.  They fry that just right.  The chicken souvlaki always has a wonderful smoky grilled flavor that I can't get enough of.  I should try other things on the menu, because I'm sure they are all good, but I get the chicken almost every time.My husband has had their gyro and we've shared the Spartan club before and both are great as well.  I almost forgot about the Greek fries!  Oh yeah!  You have to try those all smothered in sauce and seasoning and feta.  Perfect with a cold beer.  I've dined in twice, but now we just do their online ordering and get the food to go so we can save money and go home and drink our own booze, but Cyprus does have some good happy hour specials and I love that they have a good selection of Mediterranean beverages, but they also support the local brewers.  The only thing I would change is I wish when I ordered the souvlaki to go, they wouldn't put the salad in the same container as the hot food.  That's it.  It's not a huge deal because we live so close, but still, it would be nice to not have the lettuce starting to wilt by the time we dig in.   Overall, this is one of our favorite neighborhood places.
5	Supremely tasty food and a surprisingly good collection of draft beers. A nice, quiet atmosphere with good service makes for a solid combination. Despite other similar restaurants in the area, if it's Greek we're longing for, this is the place we come. We have yet to be disappointed. They also do take out, too.
4	Had to try out Cyprus Grill finally. Ordered the Chicken Souvlaki and Greek Fries combo meal for lunch.The chicken was cooked well and it was surrounded by fresh veggies and a great sauce. The Greek Fries were different than the ones I have seen in the photos (crinkle cut fries instead of straight). They still tasted pretty good and with a heavy lemon taste (pretty refreshing instead of feeling heavy).Overall, would definitely hit this place up again in the future.
5	Spartan Club is Truly Unique and fantastic!
1	After reading all of the positive reviews, we were stoked.  All I can say after eating there is that people here in AZ have no ability to discern good food from food that is merely different. The dining experience did not start out well.  The table had been wiped off after the previous diners, but it was still greasy.  We ordered wine and the wine glasses had some film on them, maybe from being rinsed in water that was not clean?We ordered the calamari and Greek Fries as appetizers.  The calamari were VERY dry.  I had the feeling they were cooked earlier and kept warm.  The fries were pretty unique but the lemon sauce they were served on was waaaay too tart.The biggest problem with the meal was when our entrees were brought to the table only 2 - 3 minutes after we got the appetizers.  My husband's comment to the wait person was met with little more than a shrug, although later on she did say that the kitchen had the food ready too quickly.The entrees (gyros sandwich, chicken souvlaki, Greek salad with grilled chicken) were just OK.  All of us felt that the food was not hot, further supporting the thought that everything was prepared in advance and reheated.  The seasoning were nicely done, however.It's a safe bet we'll be looking elsewhere the next time we have a taste for Greek food.
1	Poor service and food. Not Greek owned. A pretender.. they play latino music in a "greek restaruant"...  The food is not authentic and atmosphere is uncomfortable. Not particularly clean and the service is very slow. Dont waste your time.
