4	The Las Vegas strip is a playground of diverse culinary adventure. The casinos attract not only suckers with thick wallets, but diners accustomed to fine dining and gourmet selections. The farther you get from Las Vegas Boulevard though, the thinner the selections become. Just a few miles to the east or west and you're more likely to trip over an Olive Garden or a Long John Silvers than you are to find an independent restaurant with the goal of providing fine food using quality ingredients in a soothing atmosphere. So you can imagine my trepidation when I saw that a new steak house was being built in my neighborhood. In a strip mall no less. The sign boldly and simply proclaimed "Steak" in a script that evoked the stem and bowl of a martini glass from the solitary T. For the New Years Eve dinner, Steak served a prix fixe five course dinner and desert with a first seating at 5:00pm and another at 8:30pm. The first seating cost $75 and the second was $100 and included a Champagne toast and other festive activities after dinner. The menu was the same for both seatings, and since I already had plans for the evening, I selected the first seating.The decoration at Steak leans towards the elegant simple with ruddy earth tones to whisper of vintage class. One entire wall is a floor to ceiling bank of windows that overlook the Las Vegas valley. Any new construction to the south of the restaurant will likely ruin the view, but for the time being it is a spectacular backdrop for dining. We entered and were seated just as the sun set and were treated to the ruddy retreat of 2006. If I hadn't just walked in from the parking lot, I'd have never know I was in a strip mall.I asked the waiter what kinds of bourbon they served and to my delight, instead of rattling off a list of blended Canadian and Tennessee whiskeys, he offered to bring me the liquor list. While I was perusing their quality selection of bourbon, the waiter suggested the Michter's 10 year single barrel. I checked the list and they were serving it at $7 a glass, a steal in Las Vegas.The first course was crab cakes, served with an avocado dressing. The patties were firm, yet not dry and the exterior crisp, but not too oily. The dressing balanced well with the crab and our dinner was off to a fine start.The second course was a lobster bisque. The strong flavor of the sea pushed through without drowning the palette, and was aided by large lumps of lobster meat. Unfortunately, the bisque had started to break a little, a sure sign that it had been reheated too swiftly and not enough attention had been paid with the whisk.The third course was a crisp caesar salad with prosciutto chips and fresh croutons. I love it when a restaurant takes the added step of making their own croutons. The salad served its purpose and loosened us up for the main event, the protein laden entrees. This is, after all, the reason one goes to a steakhouse.The first entre, and our fourth course, was a seared Chilean sea bass served on a bed of pearl pasta and julienne vegetables. The sea bass was cooked to perfection, flaky and tender while still juicy and moist. The seasoning wasn't overpowering but nicely complimented the fish's natural flavor. The bed of pear pasta on the other hand, was rather bland and the vegetables were largely involved in the dish for color as they lent little or nothing to either the fish or the pasta. I think a better choice for pairing would have been a fruit chutney or a vegetable component that focused on complimenting the sea bass.The second entre, and the fifth course, was a ten ounce filet mignon with mashed potatoes and a cabernet sauce. While I appreciate the filet mignon, it is not my favorite cut of beef. I find the texture to be too grainy and soft; having said that, this was a very good steak. The beef was cooked just as I had asked, something that even very high end steak houses seem to have difficulty with. It was lightly seasoned to enhance and draw out the beefiness of the meat, something that I find is sorely lacking at most steakhouses. The cabernet sauce was a very nice pairing, and I would have liked more of it on my meat instead of drizzled over the potatoes. The potatoes were mashed potatoes. They weren't going to win any awards for ostentatious bravado, but they weren't offensive either.The desert course came as I was finishing my second glass of Michter's. Vanilla cream crepes partnered with a minature cheese cake and chocolate truffles. The cheese cake and truffles were pleasant and indulgent, but nothing you wouldn't expect to get at any other $75 dinner. The crepes on the other hand, were both indulgent and impressive. The sauce that lurked beneath the folded pastry was a delightful reduction of fruit and either wine or fruit liqueurs that was so subtle as to be difficult to place, but not so bland as to disappear into the crepes themselves. It, like the decorations, was subtle yet elegant.
4	We love this restaurant. Very tasty dishes. The wine store next door really makes this place a winner. You can buy the wine at very very reasonable prices and pay a $10 corking fee. David, the owner, manager, bus boy, host, DJ, bartender, etc. has above average wine recommendations and has never steered us wrong. The food never fails to deliver good flavor. Portions are generous. Prices are reasonable. My favorite selling feature - it's in my neighborhood!Check out Wednesday nights. Very nice atmosphere with great music. It's making the strip less enticing every day.
1	Not impressed with the restaurant as it serves less than average food for a high price. Parking was difficult at 5:30PM since all the other business in the strip mall around the restaurant were open. The blinds on the windows were letting a lot of sun pass through and if you are seated on the table facing west you will be uncomfortable. Now, there are some good aspects to the business such as a great wine list. Very good selection of Pinot Noirs. You can actually buy your wine in the wine shop next door and drink it with your steak. The steaks sizes are ok but flavorless. The kitchen also has a real problem with the temperature of their broiler, since steaks are sometimes undercooked or completely turned into shoe soles. Service is not good as waiters are not caring nor knowledgeable culinarily speaking. Management / ownership seems to be completely out of touch (very snobby and non accommodating) and lacks the sophistication that the Restaurant decor and marketing campaign try to convey. I can see some potential, however, management / ownership needs to change to really make of this restaurant a good operation. A good wine selection is not enough for me to recommend this establishment. I feel that a much better value but with a very limited wine list can be achieved at Fuego Steak House at Fiesta Henderson just a couple of miles away.
2	I recently had dinner with some friends at this establishment and noted the following:-good wine shop-bad waitstaff and  average food...especially for the price-ugly comment by bartender about having previously worked at Viaggio and how owner pours cheaper alcohol into more expensive bottles...wow...pretty sour grapesThat said, there are plenty of places to buy wine other then this restaurant/wine shop.  If you want a culinary adventure in a Henderson independent restaurant try Todd's Unique Dining.
3	STEAK...it should be their specialty, right?Saturday night at 9 pm, STEAK's bar was filling up as the Floyd Mayweather v. Ricky Hatton fight was being shown on their TVs.  I guess this may also explain our initial service when we arrived.We chose a table close to the bar so we can still see the screens while enjoying our dinner.  (There weren't any seats available at the bar.)  We actually had to ask for our menus since we were forgotten so quickly.Water and bread were soon to arrive and I was pleasantly surprised with the two hummuses offered alongside the olive oil and balsamic vinegar concoction.  We had to wave someone down so we could get our orders in and I guess everyone was too busy watching the fight.  We decided to go straight for the beef since a place like STEAK should offer some really good stuff, right?  I went for the Petite Filet Mignon (8 oz.) with Provencal sauce ($27).  It comes with two sides - I chose the scalloped potatoes and saute mushrooms.  When my meat arrived, I can definitely say it was very rare, just like I requested.  The meat lacked flavor and the sauce was just okay.  The saute mushrooms were REALLY good though and thank goodness I got that to add to my  beef.  The scalloped potatoes were quite impressive - about six layers of potato slices and six layers of cheese came out in a hearty serving.  I found this to be quite generous.  The potatoes were just okay in my opinion, but the BF ate it all up!The BF went straight for the Boneless Rib Eye with Bearnaise sauce and Cabernet Reduction sauce ($27).  (The waiter was nice enough to give him two sauces.)  He chose the mac & cheese and STEAK fries for his two sides.  The meat was more medium than medium rare unfortunately, so it was too much for me to chew.  He did find his steak to be medium rare in a different part of the beef though.  The mac and cheese was rather grainy, not how I particularly like it.  (I like mine smooth and creamy.)  We both liked the STEAK fries though - they reminded me of when my dad would have potato slices and pan fry them instead of deep frying them. (It made us want to go home and make them ourselves!)  The cabernet reduction was okay, but it was the bearnaise sauce that had me going.  It was so buttery and fatty, and oh so good!  Dipping the STEAK fries into that sauce was oh so good!     We were both very full after our dinner and the additional serving of bread I had requested.  I did peruse the dessert menu and saw things like Cotton Candy, Marinated Berries, and Basque Cake that struck my fancy.  (All desserts were $10, except for the cotton candy which was $8).Overall, the food was just okay.  They had some really good sides, but their meat entrees were just average.Service was much better once we got a designated waiter.  The staff were moving furniture around and left the doors open behind us causing a draft.  Our waiter made a point of closing the doors as other employees would continuously leave it open.  Thank goodness for him! They are definitely trying to make this a neighborhood place to hang out with weekly events like: Open Bar on Mondays and Thursdays from 5 pm to 7 pm.Live Music on Saturdays at 10 pm.  (We left before this started.)Wine Tasting on Saturdays from 3 pm to 5 pm.We would consider going back and checking out their wine menu more or even grabbing dessert and hanging out by the bar.  I don't think we would return back for the steak though.(I posted pics of our meal in the business profile.)
4	i am actually very surprised by the reviews found here. ive been to steak two times with my boyfriend, and loved it every time. i would recommend it especially on tuesdays and thursdays (i believe) when ladies drink free and/or everyone drinks free as well. i believe alcohol is a good way to start a dinnerin regards to the appetizers, i was not impressed and ill admit that. however, the bread basket was pretty good. the service has always been great. the server was more than willing to send back my filet mignon when it came back overcooked. i loved the steak selection.. i especially enjoyed the fact that you could pick your own sauce, neat addition. im a big carnivore and thought it was great to find a good steak restaurant without having to go on the strip or summerlin. moreover, the wine menu was definitely impressive... me and my bf are both cava drinkers and there was a decent selection of bubblies in general. go and check it out especially when they send out the $25-off coupon!
4	Steak is AWESOME!  They have lots of happy hour specials! from 3-6 everyday, they have 1/2 price appetizers, which are great.  My friend always gets an 8 oz filet, and during happy hour its only $14.  They could add some more veggie friendly appetizers to the happy hour menu, but i still love it.  Their mac and cheese is good, and their green salad is good.  I also like their cheese platter and the bruschetta.  I wouldn't really recommend the falafel and hummus plate.  They have good mash potatoes, and of course they have good drinks!  They've got good wine, and the free well drinks for women all day fridays isn't bad either.  for a fun chill starter spot before you go out, i would recommend this place!  come by 5:30, get some good food, for cheap, and then bounce! :]
1	I live in the area and STEAK is now closed.We tried it out the first month they were open and never returned.No need to go into detail since they are no longer around.
1	This place closed totally abruptly...and I was SO SAD!  I was there a couple days prior....and we made plans to meet there again.  My friend beat us there and called us a bit confused.  "Why is it closed, i thought it was 24 hrs?  Why are there no tables or chairs inside?"  WTFFFF?  (thats right, its so dramatic it needs 4 Fs), it had closed.  Without even letting anyone know.  Boo!
2	This Restaurant closed quite some time ago.
