3	As far as pizza in the south goes, this is pretty good.  It has cornmeal on the cust, but the slices are big and the toppings are killer, esp the sausage.  Neat "gas station" motif.
4	The slices in the window can get a little sketchy if you come in at an off-time, but if you order a whole pie it's golden.
3	Good and local, but ask them to run your slice through the oven twice - otherwise it doens't come out hot.
3	When we heard about Fuel Pizza Cafe we took the drive to Central Ave to give it a try.   It could have been because it was a weekend but we were a little disappointed.  However, we did find out that the owner was yet another Central New Yorker moving south.  However, the Fuel Pizza on Trade Street has been a god send for lunch time dining choices.
3	I enjoyed my veggie slice here, it was decked with tomatoes, onions, and bell peppers.  Although it could have been a little hotter, and I also like a more sauce on my pizza.  I haven't been to the Park Rd. location but just by the reviews on this webpage alone, I think that the Central Ave. location has it beat by a long shot.  The employees are all pretty cool; one even commented on my MSTRKRFT flyer and said that he was attending the show as well.  I love places that don't require their staff to shave and allow tattoos, it helps keep them fresh and independent.  I thought that the establishment could have been a little cleaner, but it seems like grunge is the theme for a lot of the businesses on this block.
4	This location of Fuel is in one of my favorite parts of town, and I love the building it's in. The pizza isn't the greatest I've ever had, but it's not bad, either. I'm a fan of the veggie slice, which is on a really good whole wheat crust. Fuel also has excellent cookies, and they'll warm them up for you in the pizza oven. The Central Ave location has the usual tattooed, hip crowd. The staff are all casual and friendly, and I like the kids' art on the walls. The outdoor area is in a fantastic part of town for people-watching, so I usually opt to sit outside. While the Trade St. location is nice for lunch breaks, the Central Avenue spot isn't too far away from the center of town, and it boasts its own parking lot, which is often the tipping point for me. You can't go wrong with Fuel, in my opinion. What they lack in pizza perfection, they make up for in warm cookies, cool staff, and parking convenience.
3	Cool place.  Great to be able to get slices in Charlotte.  Friendly staff.My only complaint is that they don't really heat the to go slices up enough before giving them to you.  This is a technical issue.  At New York and Chicago slice joints, you order the pizza, and they place the slices in a big pizza oven and close the door.  You might have to wait a while, but the slice comes out right.At fuel, they have one of those conveyor-belt ovens, open at both ends.  It's like the toaster in a dorm cafeteria.  It's just not hot enough!Also, some of the multi-topping pizzas looked old on the shelf when I was there.Despite all that, I will give them another chance.  You know what they say about bad pizza . . . .
3	Fuel looks so great from the outside, but the first time I went here and had a slice from their display case, I was very disapointed.  You could tell that the slice had been sitting in the case for awhile and was just not hot enough, even after they warmed it up. Notsogood. This second time at Fuel, I learned from my earlier mistake and had them make an entire pie for my friend and me.  Bingo!  A much better experience.  The sauce was quite good as were the toppings.  I really like the novel concept of the place (a old timey gas station turned pizza place), and it has a cheery interior as well as free refills on fountain drinks.  I don't think it will be a destination place for me, but now that I know how to order, I could see myself returning.  Again, as a word of advice:  avoid the slices.
2	I've been to this Fuel Pizza before and would have given it an extra star, but this time around, have to give it a 2.  Reason being, my slice of pepporoni was floating in grease.  Now on the other hand my slice of just cheese was fine, so I guess if you don't add any kind of meat on the pizza, you'll probably be alright.  But, you can't judge a pizza parlor by just it's pizza, can you?The garlic knots were warm and fresh, with just enough garlic, served with a wonderful, tomatoey, garlic, oregano and basil laced dipping sauce.  It was so good, I dipped my puffy pizza crust end in it just to have something to sop it up with.My friend ordered a side salad with her slice and the caesar dressing.  I took a swipe off of her dressing lid, and mmmmm, it was very good...didn't know if it was homemade, or a really great bottled dressing you pay an arm and a leg for at Harris Teeter.Since this particular Fuel is housed in was once a filling station, there's lots of old auto memorabilia as well as .....well...memorabilia of all sorts.  There's also lots of customer decorated paper plates on the wall and some of them are really creative and artistic.....must be lots of NODA customers going there!And, the prices are good and the staff were very nice and quick!  It may have been an off day for them, and I expected better, but if I were that way again, I would probably order a pie to go, sans the pepperoni.  Anyone know how much grease a green pepper would put out?
4	I will now pay Fuel the biggest compliment that a Jersey girl who went to school in NYC can pay a pizza place: Fuel's pizza reminds me of home.The crust is the proper thickness and consistency. The sauce is seasoned but not to an extreme. The cheese is nice and melty. There is red pepper flake and garlic powder on the tables (There is also grated cheese but I refuse to acknowledge that it has any right being on a slice). The garlic knots will give you breath to knock out a dog (this is a desired result). There is a respectable beer selection to wet your whistle. And most importantly, very most importantly, they are perfect folding slices.They are open nice and late so Fuel is great for a post-bar food fix. If you are getting delivery (because sometimes you just don't want to have to put on pants to get delicious pizza) I highly suggest the online ordering for ease and convenience.
5	Order Friday night around 6:30 for delivery to NoDa area. We got our pizza by 7 o'clock. Ordered online, very easy, but I believe its only available at this location. Delivery guy was super cool, very friendly, asked me about my hockey front license plate, which is a rarity for anyone to even notice here in the south. Sorry its not a Nascar plate.  This is where the great starts, we ordered a 19" Super, with just cheese. Let me preface this by saying I am from the New Haven, CT area, which claims to be the first and best pizza in the nation.  Having been here in Charlotte for 5+ years now, I have given up hope of a "hometown Pie" This was by far the closest thing to being home. I have had Fuel pizza by the slice before, but this was my first whole pie. Wow is there a difference. By the slice who knows long its been sitting, or under heat lamps.  It had fresh herbs in the sauce, perfect sauce amount, great cheese, and perfect chewy yet crisp crust.Can't wait to order again!
2	Cheese tasted pretty bad, will probably not go here again :(
3	The original Fuel Pizza in Plaza-Midwood is everything a local pizza point with big slices and generous toppings in a converted service station.  I can't say I'm a huge fan of Fuel @ Plaza Midwood, but I can't find much wrong with it either.  Fuel is a good bet for pizza wherever you can find one.I highly recommend the strombolis here-they warm them up in the oven when you order them and serve them with marinara sauce.  The pizza slices are good as well.  The crust tastes like brick oven pizzeria crust and they always put generous slabs of fresh mozzarella cheese on whatever they make. Yum!  If you are jonesing for slices of pizza though, be sure to do so during the lunch hour peak.  Otherwise, you might find the pizza slices dried out.  The Plaza Midwood location is smaller than other Fuels, though the outdoor patio is ideal for people watching in Plaza Midwood.  The staff are pretty friendly as well, so I regularly stop in for a quick bite for lunch or cheap meal before a night in Plaza Midwood.
2	The pizza is ok. Every time we go here, my boyfriend always seems to get an upset stomach, which is weird because he loves pizza. I don't like Fuel in general, because I never seem to have a good dining experience. I have been to the one uptown on College, the South Blvd. location and Central. My last visit in Plaza Midwood was on New Year's Day and it was my final straw. Maybe the employees were just as hung over as we were, but they acted like we were bothering them when we came in. Like I said before, maybe it was the day itself, but it was the nail in the coffin for me.
4	Me and some friends went here after a few rounds of drinking and the pizza was awesome. I have been in Charlotte for 20 years and have never been to a fuel pizza before! The crust was the perfect thickness, a little thinner than most with a touch of crispiness. The sauce was awesome - loved the herbs in it, the cheese was nicely melted and the pepperoni and mushrooms were plentiful. I ate four slices of the large pizza - I topped it with alot of red pepper flakes and grated parmesan. I meant to take a picture, but the pizza did not last long. We sat outside too b/c the weather was so nice. Great location, except for the homeless people asking for cash for bus fare. I AM going back....often!
4	This Fuel's great success is about one thing - convenience. There's nothing else about it that makes it interesting, other than the fact that it's open later than almost anything in the nabe on the weekends. I mean, ya, it's neat that it's an old gas station, but seriously - A hot, albeit kinda-meh pizza, at 3 am, delivered, to your inebriated door, they're going to rake in boooookooooodles of dough.At a nearby establishment that doesn't do food? Call these dudes. They'll plop that sucker down on the bar and make you 10 new BFFs in 20 mins flat.Beer selection is pretty eek and what I wouldn't give for at least a beer or two on tap, but it makes my little heart sing to be able to grab a slice whenever I want. Thanks for being cool and open and everything, Fuel.
4	Best pie I've had so far in Charlotte.  Love the lasagna pie and the buffalo chicken pie.  Decent late night hang out too.  Not as hip or crowded as the other spots... in fact it's Friday night and I'm writing the review here RIGHT NOW... WEIRD!
5	My first Fuel Pizza experience was here and it was great! The building, inside and out, was actually pretty awesome. I think I spent 15 minutes just looking around checking the place out. The staff was easygoing, fun-loving and friendly. The pepperoni slice was a good size and delicious. The knots were great - much softer than I thought they'd be. As a previous review said, it does get warm in here so dress in layers if it's a cold day. One server jumped up and opened the garage door on the front to air it out. No worries though, it's screened in. I'll definitely be back!
5	I'm giving Fuel Pizza on Central 5 stars for two reason.  First off they are open until 4AM on the weekends when everything else is closed.Secondly, I was in there really late (2:30AM) last Saturday night and we ran into actor Ben Best from HBO's Eastbound and Down.  What a damn nice guy and funny as hell to.  We had a great time eating decent pizza and hanging out with him.The pizza was pretty decent but its nothing to go crazy over.  The best thing I had there were the glazed cinnamon knots....good stuff!
4	There pizza is pretty good. The garlic knots and cin. knots are amazing. I love this location and the staff is great. Ive been eating here for about 9 years and i cant say its the best pizza but i always love what i get and clean my plate. Never got a bad meal here
3	This place needs a little TLC.Let me start by saying I am a Fuel Pizza fan. The pizza is good and I love a place where I can get garlic knots! You can order by the slice or a whole pie and most locations are open late night ( hello convenience!).Unfortunately this location is starting to slack... The last few times I've put in an order for pick-up, the orders weren't ready for the time I was quoted so I had to sit around in the dining room watching everyone else enjoy delicious pizza while I waited for my pizza to cook. To make matters worse, usually the staff has been preoccupied chatting with each other instead of packaging the order as soon as the pizza is out of the oven.Then I tried delivery. Ordered 6 knots and a medium cheese pizza on a Monday night. Was quoted 45 mins for delivery but the pizza didn't arrive until over an hour after it was ordered. The pizza was cold and only 3 knots made it to my door (instead of 6 as ordered). Of course the delivery guy scurried back to his getaway vehicle before we realized the pizza was cold. Darn.I hope the management notices and they turn this place around because I'd hate to have to take my business elsewhere. I guess only time will tell....
4	Good pizza!
4	Kind of average pizza and wings but not a bad place to go to watch a little basketball and eat a slice. The garlic knots look pretty solid though, will def give those a try.
3	Fuel Pizza is just OK.  I've ordered it quite a few times, and it is probably one of the better places to get pizza here.  I grew up in the Midwest, where you could get Chicago style pizza a lot of places.  I had a lot of great pizza there and in Chicago, which has made me very, very picky about good pizza.  As far as I can tell, the only crust you can get here is hand-tossed.  The crust itself is pretty decent.  It holds up pretty well to the toppings, and it has the right level of chewiness that a hand-tossed pizza should have, although the flavor is a little blah.  The sauce isn't too sweet, which I like, but it doesn't have enough flavor to set it apartment from other pizza sauces.  The 'Veggie on Wheat' and 'The Whole Engine' are the best pizzas they have.  A lot of people seem to like their wings, but I thought they were disappointing.  I've tried both their actual wings and their boneless (which is basically chicken strips covered in sauce).  They don't do any cooking of the wings with the sauce; they just pour the sauce over them afterwards.  While the sauce is good, it really doesn't impart much flavor to the chicken itself.  But I admit it - I am kind of a wing snob.  Their garlic knots are just OK as well.  They don't have enough garlic flavor for my taste.They also have salads, subs, stromboli, and calzones on their menu, none of which I've had yet.  They also offer desserts, via cinnamon knots, Brad's cupcakes, and cookies.  I've also not tried any of those.They do have relatively quick delivery, and their take-out time is pretty reasonable as well.  Their prices are decent as well.  So, if you're looking for fast, relatively cheap pizza, this is a good place.
3	I really hate to be writing a negative review of a place that I had full intention of going in and thoroughly enjoying.  Some of my extended family came down to the "big" city from Mooresville so I figured we could check out Fuel Pizza since I also had a coupon.  Since it was my first time, I was a little bit disoriented by the menu since you have to order before taking your seat.  We were able to pull our tables together and sit by the window, which was nice.  The garlic knots are also very tasty.My problem is with the pizza.  I ordered my favorite pizza as always, a cheese pizza with garlic and onions.  The pizza looked OK, although the toppings were very minimal.  I couldn't really see the garlic, and the onions were mostly burnt and too thin to have much onion flavor.  All of these problems would've been OK, if the pizza tasted good, but I couldn't honestly taste "anything" when biting into it.  I could taste a little bit of the garlic, but since that wasn't freshly chopped it was not a pleasant taste.  The crust was OK, but also not that special, and there wasn't really enough sauce to taste it at all.  I'm from the Northeast so I definitely like my thin crust pizza, but this wasn't at all what I had hoped for.  The buffalo wings were OK, but didn't have enough sauce to provide much flavor or heat.The people were nice enough and the location in Plaza-Midwood is very cool as well so I didn't leave feeling upset or anything, but I'm not in a big rush to go back either.
4	I don't mean to be defensive about Fuel, but I feel like many of the reviews ooze an aura of negativity about this classic Charlotte eatery.  Well, here's the straight forward, unbiased deal, from a native New Yorker and a pizza connoisseur... Yes, the inside is a bit grimy.  No, they don't have beers on draft.  Yes, the customer service can be spotty.Yes, its the original Fuel.Yes, this is the best pizza in Charlotte.Yes, I am a fan.Yes, I will be back!
1	This place is really bad.  Doughy, conveyor-belt pizza.  Basically, it's Papa John's inside a cool old gas station.  If you grew up anywhere up North or somewhere that has real pizza, skip this place.  It is really awful, and you're just asking for disappointment.However, if your concept of "good pizza" is Papa John's, Domino's, or Little Caesar's, this place is for you.
4	I can remember my first experience with Fuel. Someone brought pizza to a rehearsal that was beyond incredible. Flavorful crust that wasn't too chewy, smartly seasoned sauce, and fresh toppings. I had to figure out where it was from...and I've been stopping in for a slice (and those addictive garlic knots!) when I'm around ever since.On my most recent visit to the Central Ave Fuel, the staff was incredibly kind and quick, especially considering it was the tail end of the dinner rush. Turns out I was mistakenly overcharged - I didn't notice. But the girl at the register found me at our table, asked if I'd like a refund or the extra piece I paid for, and threw in a cookie for the confusion! Honesty and great service!The only thing on the menu I haven't tried yet are their take-and-bake pizzas. If they are anything like the stuff you get in the restaurant, I may be in trouble...
5	Very personable staff.  I've had the pleasure of meeting the managers Tim and Mark.  Also the delivery guy Chad is pretty cool as well.The pizza isn't the best I've ever had, but the speed that it comes out and the friendliness of the service makes it my go to place for a quick bite in the plaza midwood area.  Lots of different slices to choose from in this converted old gas station.  Plenty of specials all at reasonable prices.No place better to be for a quick bite late night on the weekends IMHO!
4	I love pizza by the slice. Greasy, cheesy, foldable deliciousness. Fuel has it, and it's simple- served on a paper plate, and hot out of the oven. Salads are good too, though pre-made, but always fresh. Counter service is friendly, and quick. Cannot be beat when on the run.
2	I've been here a few times (at different locations) and the food doesn't really stand out to me.  I would rather go to Brinxx Pizza instead.  The last time I ordered Parmesan Wings (extra crispy) and a BBQ Chicken Pizza.  The wings had no flavor what so ever.  They were crispy almost to the point of being burnt.  The BBQ sauce on the pizza tasted like something you can buy out of the supermarket (can we say Kraft), and someone was kinda heavy handed.  There was more sauce on the pizza than there was crust, chicken, or cheese.Not to mention that we had to wait a while for our food so in my mind it's going to be good and done right...hot and steamy.  Not that way at all.  The food wasn't hot and like I said before it wasn't good.  For the price that you pay they can do a whole heck of a lot better...
2	Have had better n more for less.  Ordered take out..The side salad was old and browning.  The girl at the front was very nice, but they forgot to include my sauces...  The calzones are pretty good, stay away from the subs..
2	- Lunchtime visit to the original Fuel Pizza.- Interesting old gas station conversion. Translation: this is a neat joint. - I was NOT IMPRESSED with the rewarmed MEH slices. - Painfully slow service made me doubt my decision to come here. - Some people state that this location has the BEST pizza that they've ever eaten, so I can infer from this that - at the very least, their pizza is hit or miss. - I have no intention of ever going back.
3	So me and my boyfriend thought of ordering some pizza for take out. We looked up their website on the phone and decided on two options - The Whole Engine and Roasted Chicken and Peppers. We called up to order, and the girl who was taking our order over the phone seemed completely befuddled at "Roasted Chicken and Peppers." She asked the other staff about it and nobody seemed to know. Then she asked me "so on the other half you only want chicken and peppers?" After both me and my bf trying to tell them what we wanted (we even read out the exact name from their website) no one seemed to know what we were talking about, so we just decided to drive to Fuel Pizza and order there, thinking that maybe that particular one wasn't on the menu at this location. On getting there, we found the very pizza on their menu! So how am I supposed to trust a pizza shop to make my pizza right if they don't even know what's on their menu?Also, while we waited for our pizzas, this place was so loud (I think it was the AC vent) that I got a headache from straining to hear my boyfriend over the sound. It was apparently so loud that the cashier did not hear us when we said this would be for take out, and our pizza was brought to our table.Back to our food, the garlic knots had a good flavor, but they weren't as great as everyone else is saying they are. I mean sure, it's garlic and I've never had garlic knots that haven't been good but I don't think they were anything to write home about. The pizza was decent. The Whole Engine was delicious, the Roasted Chicken and Peppers, not so much.
4	I visited a friend in Charlotte and we ordered this pizza twice.  It was flavorful and had a chewy and tender texture.  You know, the kind that is meant to be in a crust. The sauce was just right and the toppings were fresh. Just scrumptious.   When I go to Charlotte again, I know where my next pizza is coming from.
2	So I've ordered pizza a couple of times from Fuel. Both times have asked for extra cheese. Must say pretty lame, very thin layer. Not worth it, will look for pizza delivery from someone else.
4	It's the Plaza Midwood pizza joint. It also has a Ms Pacman/Galaga arcade which I find myself playing most times I visit.
5	Not just for pizza. The cheese fries, wings, and garlic knots are REALLY good, too... I mean really good. Cap it off with a cold brewski and I foresee this place becoming one of my summertime staples.
4	I just moved into the Plaza Midwood neighborhood and was thrilled to find that Fuel delivered to our new place. I ordered the five cheese calzone which was delicious. Their marinara appears to be home made which makes it all the better. The herbs they added to the calzone were what hit the spot for me though. My husband had their veggie calzone and he was super pleased. It had a variety of veggies in it including spinach. I will def. be ordering from here again.
3	I picked up a Hawaiian pizza from Fuel.  Ordered online, which was convenient, and it was ready in 15 minutes when I got there. The pizza was decent--the crust was very good, but otherwise it seemed pretty standard.  Not the best pizza I've ever had, but far from the worst. I'd order from Fuel again.
1	I've been to Fuel on Central Ave on two previous occasions and had an above average slice of pepperoni pizza each time.  Both times the staff was friendly and inviting.  My husband and I visited them tonight, a Friday evening around 7pm.  He has never been there before and I, being a pizza snob, said it was great before and for him to order any kind of pizza.  We ordered a 19" Hawaiian pizza, add chicken and jalapenos.  To go.  The cashier, nor anyone else, ever even spoke to us tonight except to say "for here or to go?". We waited about 15 minutes, which was a short time to wait for hand made pizza, so that was a plus.  We were in a hurry to get home so we only glanced at the pizza before wet left.  When we arrived home and each grabbed a slice we were both very disappointed.  If we were still there we would sent the pizza back.  The pizza has an extremely minimal amount of cheese, we think.  Neither of us could find any so we are only assuming there is cheese on it.   The sauce was ON TOP of the cheese, then the toppings.  Ass backwards.  Because they put the cheese directly onto the bread, if at all, then the sauce, then the toppings the toppings were all dry, much like dog or cat food.  This was an extremely poor execution of pizza.  I REFUSE to eat Domino's or Pizza Hut or Little Caesar's, however, on this occasion, any of these would be a much better choice.  If you are looking for great pizza and friendly staff, this is NOT the place.  I'm so disappointed that we just threw a $28.00 pizza in the trash because this pizza place doesn't know how to make pizza.
4	Awesome pizza place! We love the sauce and cheese. You definitely get a ton of pizza for the price you pay. We also love going because of the gluten free and vegan options. Definitely the best tasting gluten free pizza crust I have had in awhile!
5	Ate for the first time last light at Fuel Pizza and we ordered the "salt, pepper & garlic" chicken wings cooked well done - only got a small order but will get a larger order next time, those were the "best" chicken wings - they were off the chain and the pizza was excellent also - but those wings - just sayin
1	I don't know what all the hype is over this place because I was not impressed at all. I was really wanting pizza-mind you I'm gluten intolerant so that is not an easy thing to do. At least not a good pizza. Since this is in my neighborhood and got good reviews I thought I would give it a try. The crust wasn't bad, a little under cooked but not the worst one I have had, just too soft. I ordered the vegetarian pizza. It was pretty bland, not much cheese. I was wondering why they were skimping on my cheese-pizza and cheese go hand in hand, so where was my cheese? Most of my crust was bare naked-no toppings or cheese. I had to add a bunch of red pepper flakes and parmesan cheese to give it some flavor. I was very disappointed since this 12"(the only size for gluten free crust)with a tea cost me $19. I could have gotten a better gluten free pizza at Dominos-and probably saved a few bucks.
