5	If you want a place to drink good cheap beer, and watch hot muscle men and jocks dance buck naked with big boner cocks then this is the place for you. Freekin. Hot. Mens.
3	Campus is located on the second floor. Overall the place is OK, and yes most of the clientele are old man but what would you expect from a male strip club lol
3	What a fabulous place - well, if you enjoy watching naked men strut to top hits while guzzling down a Molson!  Sounds like a party to me, anyway!The dancers here are more on the muscular side, flexing and showing off their... you-know-whats rather than dancing provocatively.My favorite...Scottie:  "Hello.  I'd like a cabernet sauvignon, please!"Bartender:  "Wine?  Red or white?"Scottie:  "Cabernet Sauvignon...."Bartender:  "Red or white?!"Scottie:  "Um... Cabernet is red!"I don't know what it was I was served... but it was red... lol.Everyone is very friendly and welcoming to the American patrons.
2	We only stumbled into this place because Stock Bar was closed on the Monday night we ventured into the area (Gay Village). Oh, and it was Labor Day Weekend & the streets were surprisingly dead on that Monday night. Anyway, the short of it is this place has a much seedier feel than Stock Bar & and duh, an older clientele. On the night we were here, maybe like 1 of the dancers actually got, er ah, "excited". Like the other place and probably ALL strip clubs, they definitely are aggressive in trying to get you to do  the Lap Dance - $20 for 1 very very very short song. And yes, they are all probably straight -- at least the 1 guy we participated with ...  and HE (the lap dance) was very boring, song was like 2 mins,, he never was 'excited', & basically took the money and ran. Quite a let down for my virgin experience. If I were to actually buy a lap dance in that area, I would probably do that over at STOCK BAR. Drink prices are typical of all the bars - $7 cocktails + tip.
3	The best of the St. Catherine strip clubs. The dancers are friendly and attractive. Small cover on weekends, not on weeknights (but weeknights can be a little hit-or-miss).
4	Nice place ...clean cut guys in their 20s.   This has been the place to go in Montreal for quality dancers.     You need to buy a drink to stay ...and watch....most beers are around $5.  Not a bad deal.
3	I guess the big attraction along the Village is Campus and other strip bars long the street. Campus is probably the larger of all of them with more men on stage. While there are plenty of eye candy on stage and fantasy of straight men gay for pay gets tiresome after about an hour or show. Maybe I have A.D.D. and even the grinding tease and naked men on stage doesn't hold my attention that long. The dancers can be aggressive if you make eye contact and lured to the inner sanctum of velvet curtains for a lap dance.  For me it wasn't that exciting. They gyrate to one song going through the motion and bored at the same time waiting for the song to end and next paying customer.It is certainly entertaining for awhile but dare I say it after one guy the next 5 looks about the same.
3	Reviews said that there was no cover charge but when we got there, cover charge was $3.00, no big deal. Drinks are watered down and small, mostly ice. It was $6.00 for a whiskey/Coke and it was barely a shot of whiskey in it. The club had a very weird vibe to it, some creepy old guys in the corner playing slot machines. Some old queen walked by and took the the tip from the bar that I had left for the bartender and used it in the slot nachine. Gotta admit though, the Dancers are hot!!
