4	Mike's cooking has been recognized with favorable reviews by "Phoenix Magazine", AZ Republic , New Times and has won AZ Best at least twice , Best of Phoenix , and Top 10 Restaurants in Phoenix . He has been in the food industry over 40 years and worked in South Africa , The Island of Crete and the Phoenix Restaurant Tomaso's before starting his own places .His new place Just Opened and the menu is mostly sandwiches of Subs , Grilled  Panini's , Nann , Pita's , Quesadillas and salads . I was told dinners will be added sometime . He has taken over a former Quizno's location and the place still looks like a Quizno's .We tried Grilled Panini's one was a Roasted Italian Style Pork with Caramelized Onions with Fontina cheese on hoagie roll the other was Reuben on marbled rye featuring House Cooked Corned Beef . Both sandwiches were ooey gooey yummy goodness and both came with the side of the day that was a tasty pasta salad  I do note Mike is a master of seasoning and what I tasted was extra special I never tasted pasta salad that was so tasty. I noticed on menu that many things are made in house such as mozzarella , cole slaw and corned beef .The sandwiches are unique creative and good! this place is a GEM of this area! This gotta be among the Best Fast Casual Places Around! this area an honest to Goodness REAL sandwich shop !...I wish this was closer to my neighborhood's  I'd come more often.This place is not average.....it is above average.....Very VERY GOOD!slight update I was told the decor is slowly changing away from the Quizno's Look and within months new cooking equipment will be added for fresh baked bread and more cookingSlight update....1-14-12 Got to try for dinner,they now have a full dinner menu with some house made pasta and house made sausage.I had the Myconos Chicken and it was delicious, the chicken was  tender juicy and flavorful with Kretikos Wine and came with tasty rosemary garlic potatoes. Only $10.99 and we brought in our own bottle of wine too. I also enjoyed a small greek salad that came with garlic toast. I saw some people were getting pizzas, they looked good. The place is a little prettier now and they play Greek Music. ....UPDATEMike's Bistro is under NEW OWNERSHIP NOW, Not sure about changes and I hope the food is still as good as it was. !2-16-12
5	What a diamond in the rough! I swear this is one of the best blocks for food I haven't tried on the west side. Well after trying to find somewhere quick to eat on the one hour break from a nearby hospital I saw a nice review for Mike's Bistro and decided to check it out. I read the specials posted out front, and Mike is right... "Life is too short to eat bad food"I am very happy with my venture into this small business and I hope more people make it in because this was absolutely great food. The wife had an eggplant parmigiana sub, and I had a pulled pork chipotle Torta, and they were both in the 6 dollar range but oh so fantastico! Mike was very polite and the restaurant was clean and tidy. The experience was authentic as was the food, and honestly this is one of the best places I have ever eaten that wasn't high priced.Check out Mikes, and support local business with some great eats!
4	I stopped in to get lunch to go, and spent enough time looking at my options to have sit and eaten there :)... There were so many things that sounded great. I will go back to try more, because what I did order was very very good. I had a bistro panini, it was huge and loaded with meat and flavor. It came with some amazing potato salad. So I am really hoping the place can continue and pick up to the level it should be. The interior is pretty awkward, in serious need of a makeover. I hope he can make it!!
4	Mike was there, so I felt I might just get a good meal.  Ordered the Mykonos Chicken dish (think Mykonos was spelled "Myconos"), which was delicious.  He scrimps big-time on the chicken, but the sauce of tomatoes, artichoke and so forth was plentiful and just dee-licious.  If it hadn't been too crude, I would have licked the plate!My friend ordered the lamb shank which she also liked.The thing I look for most in places like this is the Quality of the Meat!  This is the restaurant's most expensive item and if it's a low grade then you can question all the rest of the food.  Mike's isn't.  Will be back with my feed bag on here!  Mike's = damned good!  And not overpriced either.
5	We stopped in for a late Monday night dinner on our way to the Grandparent's house for the holidays. It smelled heavenly when we walked in and was the perfect meal after several hours on the airplane! The diners at the next table recommended the Myconos Chicken. Yum! DD 16 had Eggplant Parmiagiana that was also fantastic. We also highly recommend the Tiramisu and Cannolis. Dishes that were brought to other diners looked fab as well (Yes, we peeked! How else do you know what to order?) Can't wait to go for lunch and try the paninis and sandwiches.
5	The parent's and I were originally craving teriyaki for din. We noticed Mike's Bistro directly next door to the mediocre Asian place we were going to and decided to check it out. As soon as we walked in the door, olfactory went from Asian to Mediterranean! What a pleasant sensory shock. The food was absolutely killer and easy on your pockets. They don't serve wine but you can run next door and grab your own select bottle of Vino from Sprouts and drink it in the restaurant for a small $3 bottle fee. My parents and I had a really wonderful evening at this and look forward to becoming patrons!
4	I love the food and I love Mike and his family! The way they make sandwiches is so divine. I will always come back!
5	Thanks to Yelp for leading us to Mike's Bistro, a charming little restaurant in the land of strip malls. Mike greeted us at the door and was our waiter and food advisor. It was difficult to choose among the mouth watering (did I mention reasonably priced?) Italian and Greek specialties, including salads, pizzas, pasta, subs, panini's and full Greek specialty meals. Where else can you choose between Dolmathes (stuffed grape leaves) and Italian chopped club salad or a fabulous Reuben sandwich?Mike also threw in some chewy, grilled bread in a basket served with a bowl of creamy eggplant dip. We were too stuffed to sample the desserts posted on the walls...baklava or tiramisu, but if they taste as delicious as they look, we'll be back.
4	Greek and Italian...what!?!The two countries and their wonderful food choices are blended quite nicely here at Mike's but when you walk in, it's nothing like you were expecting...at least not for us.There are casual tables covered in the usual red & white plastic table clothes and Mike will greet you upon entrance but nothing fancy. He's not the type to chit chat but makes great food so who cares?We started with the Bruschetta (best I've ever had!!!) and Spanakopita. Two of us ordered the Gyro plates, I had pizza (picky eater) and the other ordered the Greek version of Lasagna. All was great except for the fact that they made me the wrong pizza and I had to wait 20 minutes for the right one. Mike did personally apologize but everyone had finished their meals by the time I had started on mine. =(Something worth mentioning...They allow you to bring your own alcohol. We only saw beer & wine but with a tiny $3 corking fee, we thought this was a great deal.
4	Great food, but lacks atmosphere and service. Mike was clearly over his head playing the parts of cook, waiter and cashier...with six tables full the service was terrible. Price for two about $45...
4	I like this place.  Nothing fancy to say the least.  I think the lack of ambiance is made up for with the wonderfully tasty meals.  Mike waited on my wife and I; he's a great guy and a pleasure to get to know.  Honestly, we weren't that hunger when we went in so we told Mike that we'd just like to share a turkey sandwich and maybe an order of fries.  Gosh, the sandwich was HUGE, making me think that I was glad that we ordered a single sandwich to share.  Honestly, I wondered how one person could eat a whole sandwich by themselves.  Mikes certainly is generous on the portions.  The fries were seasoned, fresh and hot and although we didn't order it, Mike threw in a small salad with a wonderful vinaigrette dressing that I'm sure was homemade. Mike's Bistro is a great addition to that little strip mall near Sprouts and the Cobblestone car wash and I hope he does very will there.  He probably will, people come back where they are treated well and fed good food.
4	The atmosphere is very old school and minimalist. It is quite a cozy joint. The food was very good. I had the Reuben Panini and is was delicious. Corner beef was perfectly cooked and tender. My kids had the spankia (sp?) pizza which they both loved. Prices were fair, food was out quick and the people were very pleasant. I will definitely be going back!
1	We must have been at a completely different Mike's Bistro than all the other reviewers.  We went in this afternoon around 4 for a late lunch/early dinner and while we were big fans of Mike's Greek and Italian (same Mike) before it closed a few years ago, this meal won't bring us back to the new 'bistro.'First, 'bistro' is generous... it STILL has the same paint job it had when it was Quiznos.  It was dank, mushroom-growing dark, and quite a pained mish-mash of shabby, sad decor.  It was uncomfortably warm and smelled of vaguely of grease and body odor.  There was NOTHING 'bistro' about it.We entered and Mike, who seemed to know english just fine when he was on the north side of Bell, now barely pushes out an understandable word.  We were handed paper menus and advised to 'sit anywhere.' After perusing the menu we decided to overlook the first impression and actually eat because, well, we were hungry and the descriptions were quite similar to the old Mike's.  We waited for service and waited for service and waited for service until we noticed Mike appeared to be taking a cat nap near the register.  We approached and he awoke and asked if we were going to eat.  Did I miss something?  We came in, we were given menus, we selected seats, we never got service... yes, we would like to eat.  We place our order and pay at the counter then reselect our seats after grabbing our own beverages.  NOT A BISTRO!We keep a watchful eye on the counter as we now think we are at some sort of Mike's deli style joint.  But then here comes some guy who looks like he could be anyone from a customer to the A/C repair guy with a basket of what we think was supposed to be garlic bread.  I mean it was bread, it had a good crunch and was tender inside, it was yellowish on top indicating some sort of transfat substance had been placed on it, but it tasted like the same baguette I buy at Fry's except I actually use seasoning, garlic, and olive oil to make it into garlic bread!  Where is the awesome house-made butter Mike used to bring with his fresh bread????Then our food arrives... oh the disappointment... it was painful to look at it.  The depressed decor combined with the plastic drink cups and the Goodwill-recycled-looking plates were no help to the mono-chromatic meals with no garnish.  I had the Mykonos Chicken and the Main Man had the Penne with sausage, mushrooms, cheese, and peppers.  First, the Mykonos was supposed to come with my choice of spaghetti or herb potatoes (Mike never asked when we ordered and I ended up with some Chef Boyardee looking shit on my plate).  The previously frozen chicken was nicely roasted but the tomatoes, artichokes, and sauce were very clearly canned.  And as for the feta it was supposed to be topped with (I say supposed because there was so little that I could see it but not taste it, but I had to look hard), can we, just for a minute, pretend I am paying for this meal??  Oh yeah, I already paid, at the counter!!!! The Main Man's penne had far more flavor and was closer to the Mike's we once knew and loved.  His portion was very good for the price tag but the peppers, mushrooms, and onions were sauteed until droopy and limp and mixed with the same sad, canned tomatoes and sauce that was also feloniously assaulting my plate.  The saving grace was that the pasta was perfectly al dente and the cheese was melty and creamy and flavorful enough against the sausage to overcome the canny flavor it was tainted with.Mike, who always used to come seek feedback during the meal never made another appearance.  We left without seeing anyone at the counter, being thanked for our $28 donation, or even told not to let the door hit us on the butt!  Our overall impression is that Mike is or was a very good cook but that he is so bad a businessman and so lazy that it has come to this... frozen, canned food reheated in a desperate attempt to hang onto the memory of better days.  All I can say is that a call to Robert Irvine and Restaurant Impossible would be the best use of some of the $28 bucks we gave him!  Visit at your own risk... but given the choice of this or Jim's Burgers and Eggs, I can actually say Jim's warrants the win.  Ouch.
4	First impression:  visually unappealing.  smells enticing.The menu has a wide variety of Greek and Italian dishes, ALL HOME MADE. It was hot when we walked in around 2pm (the man working noticed my pregnant belly and instantly cranked the AC).  A little dark and dingy inside, could use a face lift.I'm a spanakopita junkie, or at least I thought I was before I ordered it here.  Apparently the only kind I've ever had was frozen until now.   The two pieces the man brought out were freakin' huge, and all made from scratch.  I am now thinking about calling ahead to order this to go on my way home.  Hello weight gain :/Also ordered the "Mike's Favorite Panino".  Hot, delicious, melty, and choc full (is that how thats spelled??) of turkey.  Comes with a side of pasta salad, also delicious.Too much food even for one pregnant lady, but happy to take them as left overs.Reasonably priced fare, quality impeccable.
