5	This past Thursday, Robert M and I took half days off work to get into the State Fair for free, spend an insane amount on unhealthy food, and watch the AZ Derby Dames for free. It was one of those budget dates that means a lot. Aside from consuming more calories and fried foods in 3 hours than I have in most weeks, this was absolutely one of the most exciting evenings I've spent vertical. Having watched the movie Whip It, we were really looking forward to seeing how close the film represented an actual event. We weren't disappointed. For the same reason I will watch hockey is why I think so many attend roller derbies: the fights! And these ladies mean business. This event was a tournament between the state's five teams--The Bombshells, The Coffin Draggers, The Schoolyard Scrappers, The Runaway Brides and The Brutal Beauties. Due to time constraints, the sets were truncated. While some pairs seemed brutally stacked against the losing team, others were much better matched and resulted in close scores, a healthy number of fights, and swelling adrenaline in the audience. AZDD start their 2010 season on March 20, returning to Veterans' Memorial Coliseum. Admission is $20; this marks the banked track introduction to Arizona's fiercest women's contact sport.
5	I've been following the Dames as one of their unofficial "groupies" for a few years now.I first witnessed a bout back in 2006, at the invitation of a friend while they were still at Castle Sports at instantly got hooked.  Now I'm friends with a handful of skaters.  This from the person that would leave the room when the ex and my daughter used to watch it on TV (I think there was some documentary style show on Spike or something shortly before that).Derby is somewhere between a fast passed full contact sport and WWE wrestling.  Some of the fights are for "fun" and some are very  real.  When I leave ... I wanna go get in a fight!!  This year they start bouting on a banked track, like old school derby, which means it will be faster and more fun.The skaters names and constumes are a little riske but it is entertainment for the whole family.  I have, on many occaisons, witnessed a Nun or two in attendance.
4	I love roller derby.  The banked track at the Veterans Memorial is fantastic.  If they can get the concessions running smoothly they'll rule the world.
4	I attended the 2010 championship game; Schoolyard Scrappers Vs. Coffin Draggers. This was my first ever roller derby and I was not sure what to expect. I assumed that everyone there would be covered with tattoo's and sloshin booze all over the place and I was surprised to see such a mix of people in the audience. There was a mix of tats & boozers but there were also many couples and families. The rules were explained at the beginning of the game (which was nice since I had no clue) and the excitement of the crowd continued to heighten with each race. The Schoolyard scrappers did a great job but they just couldn't keep up with Satan's little helper from the Coffin Draggers. My complaints: the cost Parking is $10 per car VIP seats $20 (only way you can see skaters up close)  I am not a sports fan but if I had to watch an event it would be roller derby all the way.  The girls are great and the crowd loves them! If I had to sum up roller derby I would say its a mix of Nascar, WWE, and suicide girls all wrapped up into one event.
5	This has got to be one of the best kept secrets in town. If you haven't been to see the Derby Dames, you just don't know what you've been missing (yeah, obviously). We started going with some friends this season (2010), and it has been so much fun, we're considering buying season tickets for 2011 (starts in January). Roller Derby rocks!Imagine two teams of women of all shapes and sizes, decked out in their costumes and makeup, roller skating around the banked track, throwing elbows, pushing and shoving, and sometimes even throwing down (fisticuffs, baby!), all while the music is blaring from the grandstand and the commentators call the action.  For those with younger kids, relax - it's all in good fun and not nearly as bad as most of the stuff they'll see on television.The best part of going to see the Dames (other than the track action) is the atmosphere. It's a very diverse crowd - all ages and all walks of life. Everybody goes to have a good time, and every time I have attended, everyone has been very respectful and good-natured (Unlike nearly every other sporting event I have attended).There only a few drawbacks, and I would be remiss if I didn't mention them:1) Parking is $10. If you sign up for the Arizona State Fair (ASF) email newsletter, you'll receive coupons from time to time (They'll also send coupons for discounts on admission, too); with that said, I've never paid less than $7 to park. (Can you say carpool?) You could always risk parking in the neighborhood west of 19th Avenue (many people do), but the price of parking gives you a little added security.2) The concessions are pricey. I'm talking Chase Field and Cardinal Stadium pricey. $7 for a beer, $3 for a soda, $4 for a hot dog; you get the idea. However, it's very easy to get out and back into the Colosseum using your ticket stub, and the parking lot is very close to the main doors, so bringing along your own snacks and drinkables and making trips to your vehicle during one of the many intermissions is definitely do-able.3) If you have an aversion to cigarette smoke (I do), you'll want to spend as little time as possible in the area outside the main doors. For some reason, the percentage of smokers in the Dames crowd seems to be a bit higher than the general population, and, while there is no smoking inside the Colosseum, it's pretty smokey just outside the entrances. Not a big deal (just move along), but information worth sharing.But these are minor nuisances and hardly worth mentioning once you get inside and take in some Derby Dames. It's a venue I would highly recommend to anyone looking for something a little different, and many who go will be hooked from their first bout. Don't worry about not knowing the rules - they show an instructional video before each of the bouts. When the 2011 season starts, make sure you set aside a weekend to take in something truly unique and entertaining! Don't forget to check out the After Party and mingle with the athletes. C'mon, all the cool kids are doing it!
5	Just want to clear things up.  The fights are NOT for fun!  Roller Derby is a serious sport that some women, and men, work really hard to bring to the fans!  Sometimes fights happen when adrenalin is pumping.You can also purchase track side standing room only tickets for $12, but there is a 200 maximum number.  So come early.  This is actually closer than VIP, but there are no seats.  Also, concessions and parking are handled by the Arizona State Fair, but you should tell ALL your friends and carpool together!Arizona Derby Dames are one league, and there are other FLAT TRACK leagues in the state including Northern Arizona and Tucson!!The Arizona Derby Dames LOVE their fans and do a lot to bring them best derby around.The 2011 season kicks off on January 29, so BE THERE!!In June of 2011, AZDD will host a three day BANKED TRACK roller derby tournament called "Battle on The Bank".  There will be banked track roller derby teams from around the country!!
5	These ladies rock!!!! You will not see more committed members to any sport out there! The hits these ladies take are AWESOME! You have to see it to beleive it. If you want a break from your typical lame Saturday nights (dinner and a movie) come out and party with these lovely ladies, there's always an after party event with live music on site. Come check em out. www.azdd.com - season starts early this year - January!!!P.S. this is banked track derby, none of that flat track nonsense, this is much higher speeds and much more aggressive hits!
5	AZDD is awesome!Parking this year is down to 7 bucks!!!Also there's a coupon on their website for 2-5 bucks off admission!!
3	Sorry its not a 5 star rating but unfortunately I've been spoiled by the LA Derby Dolls.  By comparison, the Dames don't quite have the whole act together yet.  I understand they've only been around 5 years, so I won't hold it against them.  First my dislikes:  The seating does not go all the way around the track.  The fans are piled all on one side of the track.  But that's what comes of not having a permanent home for the Dames.  The borrowed space at the fairgrounds means everything must be put up and taken down.  It also means they cannot decorate, its all just generic fairground.The music was played continuously throughout the jams.  This makes it hard for the players to hear the whistles, hear each other, and hear the fans.  Music is for before the game, during halftime, and afterwards.The refs called TOO MANY TIME-OUTS AND THEY WERE WAY TOO LENGTHY.  The fans are left sitting there, bored, for however long it takes the zebras to figure out whats going on.  The game from last night it seemed like in between every single 60 second jam, there was a 5 minute wait for the refs to talk amongst themselves.  Sometimes you just have to let things go, or make your decisions more quickly and efficiently for the sake of keeping the game going.  They would keep their audience more pumped up if power drinks were available for sale and if they kept the timeouts to an absolute minimum. The commentator:  She's not as slick and witty as the Dolls'.  She will get better over time, I'm sure.  Mascots:  Were painfully absent.  There should be an energetic volunteer to wear a ridiculous costume representing each team running around getting the crowd all pumped up with their antics.But its not all bad news.  The Dames are off to a great start.  I see some good players and am eager to see all the teams play so I can choose my fav team and derby girl.  So far I'm partial to Satan's Little Helper of the Coffin Draggers.  The Derby Dolls of LA are a 21+ only, so it was kinda nice to see kids at this show.  Its a mixed bag of people, young and old.  So don't feel like you'd be out of place at a Derby.  Its for everyone! And this is a real sport.  The ladies train hard for this and real sweat, blood, and tears are involved.  I'd take anyone to a Derby and feel confident they'd have a great time and want to come back again and again.Hopefully one day they will have their own venue to call home, then Dame's whole show will come to full flower and they will be an entertainment event to be reckoned with.
4	I finally made it to see the Derby Dames.  I decided I was done waiting and bought tickets for 3 of my friends for the 2011 season opener.  We had such a blast!  It's really easy to follow the action, the announcers are great, and the banked-track makes for really speedy bouts.  My friends and I picked the winners early on this particular evening (Coffin Draggers and Bombshells).  There are some real stand-out performers in the league.They lose a star for the utterly lousy beer selection.  Bud or Bud Light?  Seriously?Other than that, everyone was super-friendly, from the parking booth attendant to the girls selling raffle tickets to the concession vendors and the cops checking I.D.s.  The music was great, the fans were fun, and I think it's safe to say I'll go back for more.I need to add that these women are working hard for the love of the sport.  From fundraising to cleaning the venue after the events, it's a volunteer deal all the way.
4	If you are a person who loves to people watch and also enjoy a good knock out on skates - go check this out!  Make sure you fill your car with as many people as  you can as parking is not cheap - but also this is a fun night out and look for the coupon on their website!  Kids are welcome - but just know you might be asked what the girls name was on the track!!!
5	I love going to this event! It's relaxing yet invigorating.  It's nice to be able to get a little loud and rowdy, and then be able to go back to your indoor voice.  I saw every bout last season, I am going to try this year too!  I've gotten all my friends into going as well!
4	I am a fan of derby in general. I was really excited to attend the Dames bank track bout. The girls are absolutely amazing. Ticket prices are reasonable and you can usually get discount coupons online and sometimes even 50% off tix via Groupon.I've never had to wait in line which is a plus. They had a nice assortment of food, snacks, and ALCOHOL!!Several vendors usually line the walkway with fun items like hairbows, tutus, paintings, and accessories.The one thing I found it lacking (which is why I rated the Dames a 4 instead of a 5) is audience participation. There is very little of it. The announcers do the best they can from across the track, but they really need people IN the crowd to really get them going. As they say, the louder WE are the faster THEY skate.Hot girls on skates kicking each other's ass... what more can you ask for?
4	AZ Derby Dames is a league made up of multiple teams competing in sanctioned Roller Derby "Bouts" on a banked track via a series of "Jams" it is all very entertaining and they do a nice job of combining sponsors with multiple announcers, raffles, give aways and color commentary... I attended their competition among 4 teams on April 16 at the Phoenix Veterans Coliseum and thoroughly enjoyed the evening.
5	Next bout!!! Arizona Derby Dames 2012 Season Banked Track Roller Derby Season OpenerBrutal Beauties vs. Runaway Brides and Bombshells vs. Coffin DraggersSaturday, December 3rd at Arizona Veterans Memorial ColiseumArizona Veterans Memorial Coliseum is located at 1826 W. McDowell Rd., Phoenix, AZ 85007 (602-252-6771). Doors will open at 5:00 p.m. with the bouts starting at 7:00 p.m. General admission tickets for the stadium seats in the Coliseum will be $12. Two hundred general admission tickets are available for standing room on the floor around the track for $12. General admission for children 12 and under is free. VIP tiered seating right off the floor (with access to a nearby VIP only bar and restrooms) will be $20 for adults and children. Parking will be $7. Tickets will be on sale the day of the event at the Coliseum box office starting at 4 p.m. Advance tickets may be purchased until 2 p.m. on rd at arizonaderbydames.com where group discounts are also available. Follow the Derby Dames to Chopper John's at 2547 E Indian School Road for their 21 and older after party immediately following the bouts.
4	Was in town on business, but stayed over to check out south-west roller derby. I bought a VIP ticket, but I'm not sure why, since the half of the auditorium that had been cordoned off was mostly empty. I sat in the back, where the derby girls were tiny specks on the dimly lit track. When I say dim, i mean like 200w lightbulb dim. The sport itself is a little dull, to be honest, somewhat like goth NASCAR. The periods are way too long, and there feels like there is something missing, a goal/ball element that exists in virtually all team sports. That said, the derby girls did exhibit a serious amount of talent and grit. There were at least a dozen falls that made me grimace, and a serene grace as the jammers floated around the track, their arm extended in delicate counterbalance. Also, it would be remiss to mention the draw of short skirts, ripped fishnets and tattoos of this subculture, a bastion of an athenian brand of feminism. In a world where feminine beauty inches closer and closer to androgyny, it was undeniably exciting to see full powerful legs, thick arms, heaving chests -- all underscored by an atypical aggression. Although the sport draws on raw female energies, it is anything but a cathouse. Halftime features the "derby bratz," elementary school skaters who flounder around the track, cheered on by signs, made by their older sisters. All in all a good time.
