2	Forgot to pack a lunch earlier this week =(When a coworker walked in with Subway from this particular location back to the office, the boss called it the walk of shame.  Why?It's not particularly good at this location.  The bread is definitely not fresh meaning that if they have bread from the previous day, they will use it. The red onions are generally awesome in sandwiches, but they slice them way too thick to be enjoyable. This place is always busy at lunch so beware I guess. And my personal experience:(Her reaching for ft long)Me: "No, I want only 6 in.Her: "Well, you said 1 ft.Me: "...Ok"I don't get it.  Even if I said 1 ft., who cares? I want 6 in. now. So she's showing me that she has the ability to use her two ears and parrot back what I said.  I wasn't pissed at all, but it was like, okay, nice. Now go back to making my 6 in. sandwich pls, tks!Not gonna go here again, not bc of service but the food.dmo out.
1	Went here for a quick breakfast sandwich this morning. Worst subway ever! No flatbread in stock and no avocados! These are all items that are on the everyday menu! The store manager needs to get it together!
2	Subway. It is what it is. My sandwich artist prepared my sandwiches as requested, didn't hassle me when I didn't want the combo and gave me my change accurately.
2	I work a few hundred yards from this location, so I visit it semi-frequently when I forget how bad the service is and how inconsistent the food is.  Every time I go, regardless of time of day, there is a line to the back of the restaurant (not from popularity, just from slowness on the line).  The bread is generally not as fresh as I have had at other Subways, and as the other reviewers have stated, the staff would rather snipe and talk to each other than help the customers.  You get a *sigh* disaffected vibe from everyone working there at the least, or at the worst you get an openly hostile attitude.  I realize you probably didn't grow up wanting to be a "sandwich artist", but it's your job, so put a friggin' smile on your face and pretend to enjoy it like most of us have to do at our places of employment.  If you have other options, pass on this Subway.
3	It's a typical Subway so I knew what to expect.  As always, friendly, knowledgable staff eager and ready to help.  I read some of the previous reviews on this location and I'm glad to see things have changed - at least the night I was there.  I would have had no issues walking right out if I experienced anything like what has been mentioned about this location.I would return and if the experience is the same each time I would upgrade the stars.
1	Upon entering subway this evening (12/11/14) there were no workers out front. After hearing the bell ring multiple times from two other guests entering and one leaving, as well as the phone ringing and customers shouting "hello" into the back, two unhappy workers emerged from the back with not so much as a hello or a smile. Not only is it ridiculous to wait ten minutes with no one checking to see if a customer has come in, but the customer service skills of the two workers were some of the worst I've ever seen. Not even so much as an apology for the wait? I for sure will not be coming back to this subway ever again.
