4	Very helpful staff for the most part.  Good matches, and they pay attention to what you ask for.  Many staff seem to really care about you finding a match, etc.
4	Exemplary behavior deserves recognition.  My most recent dating counselor at IJL, Kate P., showed such attention to detail and consideration, that my opinion of this service increased substantially. In this electronic age, humanity still reigns!Sandy K.
1	SERIOUSLY SAVE YOUR $2500!I CANNOT STRESS ENOUGH HOW MUCH YOU DON'T WANT TO PAY THIS COMPANY TO BE A SO-CALLED MATCH MAKING SERVICE.  IF YOU ALREADY GAVE IT TO THEM AND THEY'VE FAILED CONTACT THE NEW YORK ATTORNEY WHO'S FILING THE CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT, attorney John Balestriere:  http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/05/14/us-itsjustlunch-lawsuit-idUSBREA4D0RF20140514 UPDATE ON THEIR RIDICULOUS "SERVICE".  So after multiple emails explaining all of the issues with lack of fulfillment of deliverables, horrible customer service, not contacting me for 6 weeks, etc.  The last phone call i just had was them trying to ignore ALL of the emails I sent (not joking), and started out by saying--as if I'd forget that I requested a refund 8 times--"We have a date for you!"  The supervisor kept telling me they have a match (which they don't because they've passed their chances of trying), and when I explained my position yet again, and their utter failure, all IJL had to say was "Sorry we couldn't help you."  And they will NOT give me a refund.
1	First, I come from a smaller market, so I may have a unique experience; however, I feel strongly enough to warn the fellow consumers about only part of the bad experiences I had staring shortly after day one:- Misrepresentation during initial sale call- Failure to disclose actions taken on the account- Refusal to communicate in writing- Multiple emails sent to me for the wrong person or with the wrong name- High pressure tactics in creating an unnecessary sense of urgency followed by silence for weeks or months from the company- Failure for employees to address specific issues- Refusal to escalate concerns upon demand- Employees failing to return calls or emails- Employees with poor communication skills/reading from scripts- One particular "Dating Director" was downright rude.- High turnover with "Dating Directors" leading to errors, false promises, and inconsistency- Email "form letter" responses which did not address the issue- Matching seemed to be based on who is available rather than anything to do with my interests or profile.- Matches which were clearly not within my profile.  - The illusion that feedback to the Dating Director was being consider; however, later told that feedback would not change my profile- The lack of authority for employees to address grievances or concerns- False statements that my "profile" could not be changed- When a supervisor did agree to address the grievance, they quickly become reachable.- Supervisors stated that phone call conversations would be followed up by an email documenting the conversation.  This did not happen.I will say the concept is great. But it didn't work for me, at all.  That part aside, the business practice feels more like a timeshare sales, and that treatment had lead to this review.    I strongly urge you not to use this service.
