4	This is a great doctors office! I really enjoyed dr Norton! He made me feel very comfortable being my first visit to his office was at 21 weeks! The place is very clean. The waiting rooms were comfortable! Just minus 1 star because i waited about an hr to be seen. Maybe because i was new and it was a same day!
1	I really wanted to put a nice review here but I have to be honest about my experience. I hate OB-GYNs and it could be because I just don't go unless something makes me go. Turns out I am part of the 2% of women who have this painful reoccurring condition that doesn't seem to have a root cause & isn't every truly "cured". The process of "dealing" with this is apparently the worst pain imaginable outside of childbirth I assume. Dr. Norton sees patients on his rounds and then comes into the office after that or in the middle of, so this could explain long wait times (just to let you know). He seemed a little distracted in speaking with me as he asked me all the questions that were on the paperwork in front of him that I had already filled out. Then he explains what is about to happen kind of coldly, even after I have indicated my discomfort with such a visit. He put me in a room for a minute and I prepared. He comes back and just as I thought I would get some local anesthetic to deaden the already horrific pain ... The procedure begins. By the time we are done and it's not complete at this time I'm balling my eyes out. I'm told to take some Motrin for the next visit which appears to repeat this visit. I'm terrified. I called the office the next day to tell them that the homework I have been doing wasn't breaking any ground and to ask if they had extended my prescription. I had to leave a message with the front desk lady at 10am and no one returned my call to tell me anything. It's Friday and the next visit was set for Monday and I needed antibiotics to take until then. I had been prescribed some at the emergency room visit but they would run out on Saturday. Dr. Norton had indicated I would get more to get me through til Monday. This did not happen. No one called me back. No one put the prescription in and I was basically SOL. I felt a bit let down by all of this and decided not to show up for the appointment on Monday. Maybe that was rude of me to be a no-show but I did not have any faith in Dr. Norton or his staff to trust them to resolve this issue appropriately. Its been a couple of weeks now. The situation hasn't managed to heal itself and I found out that I somehow managed to break two ribs during the procedure from bearing down so hard to attempt to deal with the pain. Obviously this is just one story as compared to the many many clients he must see but it did not work out so well for me and maybe my experience will help others avoid the same situation.
1	Horrible place in always wait a min of two hours dr norton I cannot stand him in my delivery I was having major complications he was not showing up nurses were calling him constantly even the nurses got upset he was trying to convince me to have a c section even though it was not necessary he wanted a c section to work around his schedual his stitches after birth was extremely painful took forever to heal after I came back to get the Nuva ring and did not tell me important information I hate this place currently looking for a new office I do not recommend this place to anyone
4	Dr. Norton was my OB/GYN for my entire pregnancy with my 2nd child which was a few yrs ago. He was amazing! He is very good at what he does. The reason i didn't give 5 stars is because i really wish he didn't seem so cold. He always seemed to be in a hurry and almost made me feel like i was bugging in a way. I understand that he's very busy but still. Other than that i think he was great! i actually can't wait to go back. which is weird lol The other reviews have me a little nervous though. I will definitely be updating my review as soon as i go back.
4	Finally! I located a ladyparts-doctor in Las Vegas!!! I know, I shouldn't be so excited; but if you had called every single doctor located in your PPO book only to be turned down due to them not currently accepting new clients you would be to! I had a quick in and out check up. Honestly, I only saw the doctor for about 15 minutes. She made a few awkward jokes and was very friendly considering our  short relationship. She sent out the standard tests and I assume all was good because I never heard back from the office. The appointment wait time was about 1 week, so call ahead of time. I did get the feeling that this place can be very busy at times because there was a full waiting area when I was leaving. I will be back. Same time, next year :)
5	Dr. Norton was a good Dr. he did not see me for my whole pregnancy i was seen by Dr. Craig Hartman whom I love, he was not on call the day my babe decided to enter the world.. Dr. Norton delivered my lil mama and there were no issues. Smooth sailing. I would recommend him to friends or family
3	Dr Norton is good but too busy... Making an OBGYN apt for just the fact its your annual is hard and going and sitting in a paper vest with a paper blanket draped over you for over an HOUR waiting for your check up is just wrong... I have no down there issues.. I should be IN and OUT!!Back again to get an IUD placed... My last visit was super fast for consult ... So I'm updating my review!
4	Overall the place is good, only down fall is long wait before you see the Dr. Dr Norton is great however when ever I see him I feel rushed.
2	I'm irritated for the last time. I get a common yeast infection. I call yesterday to ask for a diflucan to be called in. No response. I get called back a day later and was told that I need to be seen. I was in there recently for a pap and had a full STD panel. Everything was negative. I wasn't asking for a narcotic. I was asking for a simple pill so that I wouldn't have to mess with messy creams. I wanted quicker pain relief. On top of that, I had an ectopic back in 2010. Both tubes were blocked. He fixed one, instead of both, which left me to have another ectopic in 2013. To this day, I still have no clue if they were removed or clamped. Am I at risk for another? Who knows? I guess I will head to Smith's and pay for medication that could have simply just been called in for me and covered by insurance. I'm not wasting another day off from work for this crap!
