3	I remember when this place was built, back in 2010 when I was in town. I was impressed with their inexpensive gas prices plus their acceptance of credit cards with no extra fee. I was probably one of their very first customers. Eventually their prices went up so they are no longer as competitive with ARCO, tho not as high as Shell,  etc. I ran in here with my daughter tonight, she to get some snacks for movie watching and me to check out their prices on milk and beer. Since I didn't need a gallon for the motel, just a quart, I zeroed in on smaller containers which ran about $2 each. I passed. I checked out the beer and found a six-pack for $4. 29, not as cheap as Walgreens or Fresh and Easy but acceptable, so I bought that and a 24oz cup of coffee for the morning (it'll probably last me two days) for $1.59. I paid the nice lady and headed home. I have to say they kept the line moving. There was a long line when I got in it and in just a minute or two it was my turn to pay. Good job ladies. On the negative side I didn't like the nefarious characters hanging around outside dropping the f-bombs and my daughter said she nearly got high from four guys who passed her reeking of pot.
4	This Circle K is a brand new one and is very nice. Always busy and the lines usually go fairly quick.I've noticed every time I've been in there that the floor always seems sticky, especially near the Thirstbuster self-serve area. I've had my shoes get stuck to the floor and that doesn't feel very comfortable at all. Other than that and the occasional weirdo hanging around outside, it's a decent store.
1	I always regret going to this location, which happens about every 4 months or so. Long lines with staff that don't seem to care, and sometimes chatting with what seems like visiting friends. Evenings definitely seem to be worse. Sometimes there is only one person at the register when there are 8-10 people waiting in line. I always get error messages when using my card at the pumps and I have to go wait inside to pay. It's a busy location, but so is QT and they seem to handle it almost perfectly every time. There are plenty of other places in the area, so I just don't bother with this place anymore, you might want to do the same.
4	My local circle k it's nice for snacks and my nice iced  polar pops but today I got some hamburger buns 2were moldy ugh *gagging while writting this*  please check ur produce!! Other than that 4stars!
