4	As I am sitting in legacy urgent care waiting for a doctors visit I thought I would put together a review. Like any doctors office, no one wants to be here. We all just sit and wait to be called so the doctor can do his/her poking and prodding. The place is clean and very simple. I wouldn't say the staff is the friendliest but they are quick to process patients through the system. That's all that matters. In and out, quick and easy... what more could you really want.
5	I absolutely love this place. Not only is it an urgent care facility but it is also a family practice so the providers can actually be your primary care physician. No appointment needed. Wait time is usually 15-25 minutes from check in to exam room and 5-10 minutes until you see the doc. Dr. Schlaack has over 29 years of experience in emergency medicine. The PA Lillian Nguyen is the best. They know what they are doing and that can be hard to find these days. The office staff is great. The facility is clean and the hours of operation and location are extremely accommodating.
5	I have been going to Legacy Urgent Care for years and have always had the best service.  The office hours are great, I have had to run there several times after work and have always been thankful for the quick and friendly service.  I have never had a bad experience.   I always recommend their office to anyone who asks.
4	Despite the grumpy front office staff I had a really good experience here. The nurse who took vitals and did triage was excellent. Caring and helpful without being sugary. The doctor who saw me was a little pediatriciany, (which I realize isn't a word), but was helpful. He took the time to talk, heck he even sat down, which compared with my UMC quick care experiences is the equivalent of having the chef come out to the table and serve you himself. I was really impressed overall and will go again I'm sure. I didn't even wait long in the waiting room or the examination room.
5	Legacy urgent care is great and convenient and you can always get in to see a doctor without a hassle or long wait. Staff is very nice and professional and efficient. I miss dr Nguyen she moved to California but dr Schlaack has other great staff there and are patient friendly.
1	This is definitely the LAST time we will use this clinic. I should have stopped going when they misdiagnosed my daughter and she ended up in Intensive Care for a week. You are not seen by a Dr, but a PA unless you request to see the Dr. This time the "doc in a box" told my daughter that she was "going to have a miserable life because she is allergic to penicillin." Take a few more minutes and keep driving until you get to the next Urgent Care.
1	I know this place has good reviews, and maybe some people have found this place helpful, but if you have a serious problem I really suggest going elsewhere. I never write reviews, which should tell you just how horrible this place is...About a month ago I got a UTI (first one in my life).  I found this place online, read good reviews, called to see if I could make an appointment, but they only take walk-ins so I went right down.  The front desk is very short with you and rude, which I didn't really care at first.  I filled out the paperwork and only had to wait about 10 minutes before they took me back to take my blood pressure, my weight, and then a urine test.  I waited in the room for a couple minutes before the doctor came in.  We only spoke for a couple minutes and then he prescribed me antibiotics and a pain reliever.  I took the antibiotics for a week and my UTI seemed to have gone away.  A month later I started getting the same pain again so I assumed I had gotten another UTI, but I was out of town so I called Legacy to see if they could call in a prescription to a pharmacy where I was.  They said no and that I had to come back in for another consult since it had been a month since my last visit.  I went back in 2-days later when I was back on town... Same process, weight, blood pressure, urine test.  I waited a couple minutes in the room and then a different doctor came in to speak with me.  She was nice, as was the previous doctor, she talked about her trip to Australia rather than discussing my UTI.  She then asked if I had an STD and I told her no, that my boyfriend and I have been living together for over 6 years, and then she asked me if I was sure he wasn't cheating on me.  Not exactly what you want to think about when you're trying to get treated for a UTI.  She then told me that this was most likely a continuation of the first UTI I was treated for a month ago and that the antibiotics the first doctor had prescribed for me doesn't typically work for UTI's.  I asked her why he would prescribe an antibiotic that is known not to work and she just said "I don't know".I've been taking the new antibiotics for 7-days and with 3-days left to go the pain is worse than ever.  I called today to try to figure out what I should do and the front desk, who are all very rude and unhelpful, told me I had to come back in for another consult before they could prescribe a different antibiotic for me. After getting transferred around 4 times, and getting hung up on twice, one of the receptionists finally said she would pull up my chart and speak to a doctor and call me back.  Several hours later when I hadn't heard from them I called back, was placed on hold for another 10-15 minutes, hung up on again, and then finally Raven came on the line and said that I needed to come back in for another consult.  I told her I had just paid for 2 office visits, 2 urine tests, 2 different antibiotics, 2 pain relievers and that I was not going to come back in and pay for another consult & urine tests since I had just taken one a week ago.  I then asked her why the second doctor had told me that the first antibiotic doesn't typically work for UTI's and asked why they would still prescribe it to me anyway, she said the doctors I spoke with were just PA's and it's just their personal opinion and that I hadn't actually seen a doctor. She then told me again that I would need to come back for a consult to get a new antibiotic prescription.  I was very upset by this point and on the verge of tears from the pain and told her I was absolutely not going to come back in and pay for another visit and urine test and that I wanted to speak to a doctor right away.  She placed me on hold for another 20 minutes, then came back on the line and said the doctor wanted to prescribe me a new antibiotic and pain reliever.  I told her I was already taking that specific pain reliever and that it wasn't helping and she just said, "Well, this is a higher dosage and it should work".  I said I was already taking the higher dosage and it was not working.  She then said that's all she could do for me.  I just gave in and let her call in the prescription to my pharmacist.  When I got to the pharmacy the pharmacist was on the phone with Legacy Urgent Care about my prescription because they prescribed me an antibiotic that contains penicillin WHICH I AM ALLERGIC TO! Luckily the Pharmacist knew my allergies and called to double check the prescription.  When she got off the phone with Legacy Urgent Care, they had told her to just go ahead and prescribe it to me anyway, even knowing my allergy to penicillin.I am very sorry I ever went to Legacy Urgent Care and spent the amount of $$ just to be prescribed antibiotics that don't work, and ones that I'm allergic to.  This urgent care is only about getting you in there for consults to charge $80 per visit, plus $8 for urine tests... Please go somewhere else if you can and don't give them your hard earned $$.
1	While this place is cheaper than the ER, this is not the place to bring your child.  My mom likes going here because you don't need an appointment and can usually get into see the doctor or PA within 20 minutes.  So, she suggested this place when my daughter hit her chin on the side of the pool.My daughter is five and jumped in the pool, and then changed her mind.  She hit her chin good and I could tell that it was serious enough to need stitches.  As I have experienced the cost of ER recently for my children, I knew that I didn't want another big bill.  My mom called and verified that they did stitches.They did not have dermibond and had to use regular stitches.  The PA allowed me to hold her head and distract her while he put the three stitches it.  It wasn't as easy as the dermibond, but not too bad.The real trouble came when the stitches had to be removed.  The PA pulled on her stitch and she lost her mind.  The nurse, who is married to the main doctor, talked my daughter down.  Then her husband, the rude doctor, came over.  First he yelled at me for wanting to be near her head to talk to her.  He yelled at her.  Finally, she kicked him in the head.  (which made me a little happy)  He asked her if she wanted her daddy and she said yes.  So, he told me clearly I could not handle her and she would need my husband there.  He just wanted me to leave.Haha, little did rude doctor know was that my husband works down the street and it was near lunch time.  My husband was there in 5 minutes.  He went back in there with her.  While she gave everyone more trouble and kicked doctor again, we got the stitches out.I promise that I will never return there again.  There are other places in Henderson/Las Vegas for quick care and this place is not worth dealing with the rude, uncaring doctor.
4	The wait: I arrived when they opened at 8am on a Monday. As a new patient I had paperwork to fill out. Once it was filled out I was taken back within 5 minutes. Pretty speedy in my opinion.The front staff: eh, not the best first impression. This is where they lost a star.The medical staff: Really the best I have come across in a long time. Dave (P.A.), Rose, and the X-ray tech (whose name I do not recall, shame on me) were very friendly. They took time to explain things, spent as much time with you as you needed, and they all had great personalities. Really I was very impressed with the medical staff here. I highly recommend that you come here if you find yourself in need of medical care. Some complain about being seen by a P.A. I prefer P.A.'s. The ones I have seen seem to love what they do. They don't have the egos of MD's, they don't treat you as if you mean nothing to them. If something serious comes up, they know when to hand off to an MD.
5	I have been to this particular facility several times, most recently this past Monday (today is Wednesday).  I have never been let down.My most recent experience, I was hacking up a storm, so I was happy when I arrived to find the waiting room pretty empty. I took a seat in the far corner by the window to avoid coughing on everyone.  I was called up by the front desk to update my paperwork and pay my co-pay within 10 minutes of arriving.  I was then called back to get my vitals within the next 10 minutes.  That is what I love the most about this place - no sitting in the lobby with 25 other sick people for 4 hours, like you would at UMC Quick Care.Once I got the back, I was greeted by a very friendly nurse.  I did not get her name unfortunately.  I laughed when I got on the scale, and it was less than I thought.  She laughed with me, and told me some funny jokes.  She then took my blood pressure and oxygen count, and was nice enough to explain what she was doing each time. She was also sympathetic when she asked why I was in.  Once done, she had me wait in a room off to the side until another room became available.Around 5 minutes later, I was taken into a room.  There was a new US Weekly that I hadn't read yet, so I was happy, haha.  The doctor then came in around another 5 minutes later or so.  He was nice, and actually listened to me.  He was quick, checked me out, and told me I had a sinus infection, and that he was glad that I came in when I did.  He also warned me about mixing antibiotics and birth control, which was thoughtful, because not alot of doctors will take the time to tell you this.  He laughed when I indicated my fiancee is deployed, so the birth control wont matter anyway ;)He prescribed me what I needed, and sent me on my way! In the past, we have been in for a UTI, strep throat, and even a sprained ankle.  They have always been great and helpful, and diagnosed correctly.  I will continue to go here as long as I have urgent issued that I need addressed that I cannot get into my regular doctor for!
1	I'd rather take my chances at UMC Quickcare than to ever come here again. I was basically on my death bed, and they hurried me in and out and I had no idea what I even had. Lol. He gave me a zpak and sent me on my way. Dr. Schlaack was his name and I'm surprised this guy even got a degree. He barely talks. It's funny, while I was in there. He just asked what my symptoms were and only gave me a freaking zpak. Didn't say what I could or could not take with it so I ended up asking the pharmacists at WALGREENS. This place is ridiculous and the staff in general are all whack as fuck... Seriously, if you need urgent care, you're better off magically healing yourself than coming to this dump. Oh and not to mention, I get billed an extra $51.61 for I don't even know why. Although, they do charge an extra $40.00 for a "Saturday, Sunday, Holiday fee" which is NOT placed anywhere in the office nor do they fail to mention that to you. STAY AWAY! THIS PLACE IS GARBAGE!
5	I've been going to Legacy Urgent care for at least 10 yrs now. Each time, I've always been treated well, did not wait for long, the staff always listens, is friendly, and the office is clean. Whenever I need the doctor, it's generally for a sinus or respiratory infection, flu, or severe cough. Therefore, I have not bothered with a primary doctor, as I like being able to be seen without waiting days or weeks as you generally do with a primary care physician. Each visit, I've left, filled and RX, and am up and running within 2 days feeling much better. Job well done each time!
1	DO NOT GO, the service is horrible. I was there with my mom last week; she had some problem with her throat and was coughing a lot. we went there and got examined, it took 45-55 min wait just to see the doctor, he saw her and gave a prescription and told us that it would be find after taking the medicine and today we went there again since she was still coughing a lot. The Receptionist ( JODI) with an attitude wants to charge us the whole amount again; we explained what happened and she was like  "if you want to she the doctor you have to pay aging." I asked if I could speak with any one with the doctor MICHEL F. SCHLAACK ( who saw my mom last week ) and found that he was off and would be back saturday ( after 4 day)  and tried to see if there was any way I could talk with anyone she was like i can live him a message. I asked if there was any way I could communicate with any one by phone, email or message she was like no the manager or the owner will be here tomorrow morning I can leave message, I DON'T KNOW how that would help.
1	the worst place i have ever been to in my life.  Cops are here.  I went in 2 years almost ago and the nurse asked me questions.  i said, "my parents are on my nerves".  All of a sudden she tells the cops that i am suicidal.  She is out of her mind.  I will never come back to this awful place let alone this awful city.  Disgusting and malicious women.  Worst care ever.  They sent me to a psych ward for 2.5 weeks.  The nurses are soo rude.  never go here.
1	Today at legacy urgent care I was appalled by the behavior of the front seat lady. She was rude to me and my mother. My mom called to pay my deductible, she slammed the phone down on her and she cursed under her breathe. Her name is Elizabeth. I have never been treated so horribly here, but she has always been a little rude, today just went too far.
5	I developed some serious pains and had to find a Doctor.  Being that my health Insurance is a month from kicking in, i was incredibly nervous as to how much it was going to cost or the quality of care that i was going to receive. A friend referred me and I was very happy with the experience! Even when i had insurance, urgent care visits were generally pretty disappointing. There was no wait, the staff was friendly and professional and seemed legitimately concerned with my ailment. They were also very upfront and reasonable with their pricing which was my original concern. I would gladly go back (although any illness is never fun..) I would also recommend them to friend or family.
5	Friday high noon trying to find a walk in place was virtually impossible. Walked in with no insurance the office visit was $75 and I was in and out with script in hand in less then an hour. I'm sure everyday is different, but the doctor and staff were very good and very pleasant. I will now call this place my family doctors office.
5	I walked in at 5;20 pm tonight and was out of there at 6:15 pm having had an EKG, chest X-ray exam etc. Everyone was kind, respectful, professional and efficient. I would highly recommend them.
