4	Small little teashop always selling funky things. They have great service -- the waitresses area always bubbly and cheerful. They're the only bubble tea place that I know that will mix flavours for you.
4	One of the few places I miss when I am off on coop.  This is a really awesome bubble tea shop with both great bubble teas and quality loose leaf tea. Usually open late its a great place to go if your not into going out to bars, they have board games and cards.  It is easy to spend a few hours there with friends playing games and drinking tea.   That being said, you can get a drink there reasonable quickly either to stay or to go, but the food, while good takes a bit longer, so if you are not looking for a speedy lunch I recommend their lunch specials. My big recommendation, which is what I usually order is the Hot Hong Kong style tea,  black tea with milk and honey or sugar.  Very smooth, very soothing and calming, good for studying, or after an exam.
4	I've been going to Sweet Dreams Teashop since I was a first year undergrad. Over the years, many restaurants in the University Plaza have closed down, but this cozy little teashop has only gotten better! Lunch specials (choice of ramen, udon, or steamed dumplings) with bubble tea starting at $6.99. The sponge toast is also great to snack on with a friend. Bottom line: Best bubble tea in town, great cozy atmosphere, and close to the university... what more can you ask for? :)
3	Went here for a late night treat with my GF and its a nice little shop. Such a change from the mega teashops that dominate the GTA (Markham and Richmond Hill), which is a bonus!The bubble tea is fairly good though I was misled by my GF who thought that they used real fruit in the fruti flavoured bubble tea. =( I was disappointed but to be fair I have yet to find any bubble tea shop to use real fruit in their Fruit tea drinks (all of them have used flavouring).environment is nice ranging from quiet to quite loud depending on how busy of a night it is. would definitely go back as it is one of the better tea shops I've been to, but considering it is also one of the few in waterloo that I have found, it is hard to justify giving this tea shop more than 3 stars.
4	Cheap bubble tea that tastes great. Love the atmosphere, board games and couches are available. This place is very crowded at peak  times however and the service speed is quite slow. Grab some bbt from here if you ever get the chance
4	They just finished a major renovation, which I'm totally digging since its much brighter and spacious feeling with a modern, cool kind of vibe. Its more what you'd expect from the trendy tea shops you see in Toronto.Great little lunch spot and it seems they've expanded their menu to include sandwiches and desserts from dufflet/homemade. The lunch special (around $8?) is a very good deal which includes a selection of foods and a bubble tea/loose leaf tea.My favorite flavors (I like my tea not as sweet so this is based on that)- Hong Kong (hot or cold, half-sweetened)- Matcha (not the icy swirl - too sweet, but the hot or cold reg is great full sweetness!)- Taro (hot or cold, def half-sweetened) The staff are very friendly and sweet. The owner is equally lovely.Seems they got rid of the merchandise displays with the new reno. Perhaps they are gonna bring back some later but right now I think they wanna focus on food/drinks. No more broken sofa, but they've got some cool bar stools in replace. I do believe they still have their games in a corner. They do have WiFi (just ask for the password!)
2	I used to go to Sweet Dreams with my girlfriend regularly but after a few poor experiences we stopped going often. Tonight we decided that we would give it another shot. Big mistake. I ordered a mango real fruit smoothie that tasted like chalk and cool whip had been blended with the hopes that something decent might spawn from the combo. My girlfriend got a lemon-raspberry strawberry icicle dream which tasted great but was offset by the fact that they barely filled the cup 2/3. Best part of this experience is that it took thirty minuets, I will give them that they were busy but they had ample staff that decided to chat instead of get to work. Really used to enjoy this place and I know they can put out great tasting bubble teas, service is definitely their forte. I hope they can pull it together but unfortunately I will not be returning to see if they do.
5	It's not as cheap as China town, but that's because their bubble tea is SO GOOD. They have plenty of flavours to choose from, both milk and non-milk, and their Hong Kong style is one of the best, in my opinion. The interior is also very nicely decorated and has a hipster feel to it, not to mention they have board games and Jenga.I also like how each person gets a letter and they bring your bubble tea to you.My only concern is that there is only one outlet with 2 sockets if you want to charge your laptop, and I've experienced iffy service from a few employees, but most of them are extremely nice!
5	memories i love their warm lattes. try their chai tea or earl gray latte. YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED. bubble tea is great too. i always come back to this place when i am in town.
2	I was expecting too much, I'll admit it but even if I wasn't I would still give it a meh. The ambiance and decor is really cute and the board games you can play with friends is really friendly! However, I went for the bubble tea and I got a pomegranate flavoring with lychee gelly, ummm no idea what they actually served me it tasted like fruit punch! The gelly was nice and different, I do think that more bubble tea places should offer different flavors! But in the end, I will never go back, which is a shame but after the expensive bubble tea and lack of remembering my order, can you really blame me?
2	The drinks here are great however they definitely aren't worth the price. But it is a nice place to visit once in a while with friends to have a chat and try a different bubble tea and play some board games!I wouldn't recommend ordering their food as it's pretty mediocore and the food menu is small. Ordered the ramen noodles for $6.50 and am pretty positive they are Nong Shim brand pre-packaged instant noodles that you can purchase at any major grocery store for less than $1.
4	A very cute and quaint teashop situated in the plaza near the University of Waterloo. Have only tried their hot teas but would definitely recommend it. Very friendly staff who really know their tea and can provide great suggestions.
