4	The Showroom is located at 951 Wigwam Pkwy Henderson, NV. That's just off of 215 and the Gibson exit. Its kinda hard to find if you're not paying attention.The showroom is really well setup and they have rocks and more rocks. flagstone, stones, gravel, soils and just about any landscape design info you could need. Way better than big box stores as they're locally owned and know the desert landscape and the best options.Plus you can go to their website and see lots of rock examples and measuring tech info. Also they have a sister company that is Nevada outdoor Living with BBQ island and equipment, higher end patio furniture, waterfalls, statues, fire pits and more. Prices seem high on the patio items and BBQ options but they mostly high end quality stuff that costs a little more. We got a deal on a small set and were happy. The rock options for the yard are still in the making but the prices are right and they deliver.Staff was friendly and very helpful.You will get a bunch of good ideas for your landscape dreams. Go in and check it out.
5	My mother was visiting from back east and made the dog nuts in the backyard of our rental house, which led him to dig up all the gravel.  My mother thought this was funny and didn't see the harm in ruining our landscaped backyard.  Anyway, we went here this morning based on recommendations from the folks at Lowes and this place was incredible!  A very helpful saleswoman helped us match the sample of gravel we brought with us and told us that if it wasn't a perfect match we could come back and exchange it for whatever we needed.  She even gave us tips on where to find a stray bucket on the side of the road so we didn't have to go home and get one, lol.  Great experience and will definitely remember this for when we are landscaping around our new home next year!
1	Worst customer service ever!!!!! I cannot believe I was treated like this. Had this company outsourced from Home Depot and they called the day before to confirm delivery, I gave some instructions because my yard is a side yard and the rock cannot be in the driveway or the street because it will block other people. Asked if anyone needs to be there for the delivery and they said no. The next day for delivery- I receive 13, yes 13 calls from the manager and driver. If I didn't answer after call 3, what makes you think 10 more outta do it!?! I work as a school teacher and I can't just pick up my phone in the middle of class to answer a question that should have been answered yesterday. I finally flag someone down to cover my class to talk to the manager about what the problem was. He said someone needed to be there which I reminded him that when we spoke yesterday, he said no one did. So I talk to the driver Todd and he said he was going to put my rocks in the street, I said no. Okay he'll put them in the driveway and I said no. I tell Todd that when I talked to the manager yesterday that we agreed the rocks would be placed on the side of the house. Todd said he couldn't now... So I asked if there was any other solution, he said no so I cancelled my order because apparently- rock delivering is a science that I just clearly do not understand. Todd says verbatim "wow, you must be high" and hangs up.... Wow thanks Todd... I must be high if I ever recommend this company to anyone. Oh, and have now tried to call the manager twice for Todd's behavior and got nothing... So, vista rock and Todd please don't expect any repeat business from me because high or not, your company is the worst.
