4	Over the past year and a half I have been plagued by chronic back pain. My primary doctor gave me a referral to this pain center after I had an MRI done of my lower spine which revealed a bulge at my L5.Anyways.. I was a little bummed when I first made my appointment, because this place is pretty far from my home. But I decided to suck it up and go, instead of whining to my doctor for a new referral.My first appointment wasn't a great one, after being told to go to a different doctor (due to one leaving this center) and having to change around my appointment several times, I wasn't able to see my doctor (Dr. Lanzkowsky) until and HOUR after my appointment time! I was furious! But I decided to come back for a follow up anyways (partly because I didn't want to go back to my primary doctor again)My second appointment was much better. Dr. Lanzkowsky is great doctor. He is always ready to get right down to the root of the problem, which I like. After dealing with so much pain for so long I was relieved to have a doctor like this.Dr. Lanzkowsky decided it was best for me to undergo a set of medial branch block spinal injections at my L3 L4 and L5. I was terrified, having never had any type of "procedure" done before.The day of my procedure I showed up at the office, wearing pajamas and undoubtedly a look of terror. When I was brought into the pre-op area the nurses were incredibly friendly and talked me through what was going to be happening, they helped ease a bit of my anxiety.I then met with the anesthesiologist, who told me that they would be putting my completely under for the procedure, which scared me yet again. I had never been put under anesthesia. He again helped ease my fears.Then I was lead into the room where these injections would take place. Everyone was really nice, and I was out like a light. When I was brought out of the anesthesia I was greeted by smiling nurses. Since those injections I've returned for another set (I filled out my pain log wrong and got in trouble so I had to get more) and I have a follow up appointment this week to (hopefully) get a concrete answer on what's wrong with this back of mine.I'm eager to continue treatment with Dr. Lanzkowsy. I would definitely recommend him to anyone seeking a good pain management doctor.
5	Dr Tang is an amazing Dr at Centennial pain, actually all the doctors are wonderful. Dr Tang really listens and cares about her patients. I like that the surgery center is at the same location and its very clean and has a great staff as well.Angela the office manager is the best! She's on top of everything at all times and always has a smile on her face.The new location on Harmon is really nice as well and convenient! I would definetly recommend these doctors for chronic pain, especially back pain. Dr Lanzkowsky is able to do injections to determine what's causing the pain and then find a way to fix the problem instead of some doctors who just keep you medicated and don't actually care about helping you return to normal health and activity.Overall a great office!
4	Dr Tang always seems to be in a wicked rush. She always talking very fast and really doesn't seem to care about anything but EXACTLY what she thinks I'm here for.   The fact that there are issues that are related  and cause each other doesn't matter to her. The office staff are abrupt, always seems as if there is something fun going on that they could be doing if only the darn patients would go away.  Her attempt to tell my options for pain care literally consisted of her telling drugs or, and here she points at a poster. I asked several questions, but she just kept pointing at the spine implant stimulater poster. No words, just pointing. I did finally squeeze it out of her that my ins would pay for the trial, but not the implant.  (?) On the plus side there is no wait,  and plenty of parking. And a Sonic next door. If it's not different by January I'll start looking for a new one, the only reason I haven't  is it's such a pain.I do have to add that the procedures, facets, etc. are much nicer here than other places I've been. Lorraine, who schedules them is very caring, and sweet, really makes sure it's all done as comfortable as possible!
1	Just a quick side note:I went to the location on Harmon and Koval.Had there been a half-star rating, they would have gotten that. The only reason I'd give them that is because they were able to schedule my family member in so quickly. I received a call from someone at their place of business returning my call from a day before. I left my cell phone number on the voicemail, yet they called my workplace on the phone I had placed the original call from. They had gotten my cell phone number wrong and admitted so on the phone when I asked what number they had for me. No big deal, we moved on. She got my family member's information and insurance numbers and the usual information they get when they book an appointment. She said they accepted the insurance and we could come in the next day for an appointment. I arrived with my family member on the appointment day a few minutes after noon. The appointment was for 12:40, so we finished the paperwork that we had already begun at home the night before (the office faxed it to me). The office staff was given the ID and insurance cards, and they gave them back shortly after. They were nice, but from there on out, clearly didn't have their stuff together and it became apparent to me they were very noticeably incompetent. My family member has a unique insurance where, if someone has never dealt with the company before, they may run into a snag, at most. Let me preface this by saying, they have NEVER had an experience such as what happened at this place nor anything even close to it. The insurance-verifying person has never had a problem until this place.From the time we sat down a few minutes after noon until about 1:30, the office staff was STILL unable to verify the insurance. HUH!?!?!  I even made an effort to call and be on hold with the insurance company for 15 minutes to speak to someone, hand a member of the front office staff my cell phone, then still be told that they couldn't use the info that the girl was giving them from the insurance company. Even the insurance girl was confused as to why they weren't able to find out what they needed. The original appointment setter and person who handles their insurance issues "works from home and doesn't come to the office." So I couldn't even speak to anyone who normally dealt with these issues and whom I spoke to the day before. I could go on, but no one would want to even read about my full experience, yet experience it themselves. Needless to say, we never saw the doctor, and after almost an hour and a half, we left. My family member went there for debilitating pain, and sat in a chair the whole time with no regard as to how long they were having to wait for the run-around that we got. I will NEVER recommend this place. It's sad I can't even review the doctor himself since we never even got that far. If your front office staff can't get it together, maybe you should hire new ones. They lost a new patient and a good referral for the possibility of others.If Dr. Lanzkowsky sees this, it would have been nice to meet you and see if you could help with my family member's pain.
