5	My favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh- I had great experiences with their Korean selections like Bi Bim Bop, Chicken Katsu, and Jum Bon. Must try! Great atmosphere, wonderful people, reasonable prices.
3	Jimmy Tsang's Chinese Restaurant is one of the old "traditional" Pittsburgh restaurants, a place you remember as always "being there."  My parents feel the same way about it.  It is a good, if unspectacular place with reliable, tasty fare like honey chicken, Chinese flank steak, and authentic eggrolls.  I don't normally go for the spicy fare, indeed I prefer the plainer dishes like chicken with vegetables, but they have one item on the menu that I've always wanted to try--Sau La Gi, which is stir-fried hot spicy chicken, onions, green onions & fresh bean sprouts.  Perhaps I've never noticed, but I don't recall seeing it anywhere else.  It was good, but Hoo-Boy did I have to pace myself while eating it.  And have plenty of water nearby!  Sau La Gi was worth trying once, but it really wasn't to my tastes and I doubt I'll have it again.My friend Maryann tried  Ching Za Gai (spicy also) which is roasted crispy chicken served with tangy vinaigrette sauce.  I sampled it and perhaps I will order that for myself next time.  I'd like to cook a milder version of it myself at home.  More to my tastes however are the Garden Chicken, Chicken with Broccoli, or Beef with Pea Pods.  Seafood dishes include Sweet and Sour Shrimp and  Sauteed Shrimp Szechaun Style.  Yeah, I'm a little unimaginative when it comes to Chinese food, but I know what I like and if a place can do the basics right, it's okay in my book!Jimmy Tsang's also has a convenient and inexpensive lunch menu.  The place also does Korean Barbecue and you can book a private dining room for you and your special someone with a $100 deposit.
4	You can see their second bar through the front windows.  I always assumed that that was their first bar, and just walked by the place maybe a hundred times, until walking in and noticing that everyone was drinking in a different bar.In other words, this place is *huge* inside.  The place looks like it was decorated about the same time many other cities built up chinatown areas; I like the decor, even if it might be slightly dated.  Chinese and Korean food, at or above my expectations.  The stuff on the menu is good, and they're willing to put together things that aren't on the menu if you ask nicely.  Kung pao tofu is my favorite so far.
4	I happen to stumble upon Jimmy Tsang's while up in Pittsburgh visiting. I must say, the food is REALLY good. The service was great - but I only had a drink there with my boyfriend and we got take out. We liked it so much, we got take out for my family 2 nights later. The woman that runs the front is very nice / sociable and likes to talk about each dish. She has great suggestions for your taste. Her husband is the chef (they are both from Korea) and he has been cooking as head chef in restaurants for over 20 years. If you like Chinese food, you will love this place. It also has two cool bars inside. I highly recommend this place. The reason why I give it 4 stars is because we got take out - not sure how table service is, but I'm sure it would be good with the nice people working there.... A must try! I bet it would be a cool first date kind of place....
2	Walking into Jimmy Tsang's was like walking into the Chinese restaurant that was on Hawaii Five-0 - it puts you back in time to the 1960's and the food is reminiscent of that era also.Hot & Sour soup was highly americanized, not very hot or very sour.Wonton Soup was a very large portion and good.Egg Rolls were large, slightly greasy but the filling was flavorless, not very good.Cheese wonton's were okay but the old grease used to fry them in over-powered the flavor.Chinese Flank steak was tough and chewy in a soy style sauce thickened with cornstarch, a little too salty and greasy but overall it was good.Flaming chicken was chicken breast with sugar peas, bamboo shoots and baby corn in a white/clear cornstarch chicken base sauce, that lacked much of any flavor except slat - it was just okay.Tea tasted like American Lipton brewed in large quantities in the back than served in a generic tea-pot.The place was clean service was good, prices are very good, but the food was just average.
1	I really feel bad about giving a one-star review.  First, it's not about the service, price, decor, or the food.  I'm writing this review after going there twice.  The first time my husband and I went, the dinner was good.  We thought this place has the potential to be our go-to Chinese restaurant in Pgh.  Today I remembered that they have an early-bird special 3-6pm (m-sat).  The won ton soup was not authentic (more like chicken noodle soup) but wasn't bad.  The entree was fine.  What really knocked the score down to 1 is the awful tobacco/cigarette smell from the tea!! ? !!   I had to go to the grocery store and buy a pack of gum.  The smell wouldn't leave me so I came home to rinse my mouth with Listerine (2-3 minutes) then brush (as long as I could) to get rid of the smell.  Did they use the tea pot as an ash tray?  [first visit: 3 stars] + [second visit: -5 stars] = [ -2 stars]
2	Hey, Jimmy! Cigarettes are not a replacement for tea bags! The early bird special is cheaper because it is mostly cabbage and the tea tastes like second-hand smoke.I had the same dish previously, without the special and it was fine (hence 2 stars and not 1). I'm going to avoid this place until I get a craving to drink tobacco.
3	Went there last night with 8 peeople. There was another 14 people party.The food was good -- not great but good. We waited 45 minutes for the first dish to arrive and that only because we sent one of our folk to see what was going on. They did bring drinks and tea promptly.
3	I was expecting a lot more from JT but realized that it is a restaurant that serves both chinese and korean but not in a fusion type of way. It merely has a chinese menu and a korean menu. The idea was cute. They even have typical chinese lunch specials.The deco needs upgrading and dusting -- some lighting or even natural light (its like walking in a cave!) and some other reviews were right that it has a hint of smoke in the air. I had a craving for comfort food and ordered Jajangmyeon and grilled calamari. The tea and water was served as I sat down. I went a little after the lunch rush so there was not too many people. The calamari came out promptly and the Jajangmyeon took a little longer. The portions were huge! What took the longest and annoyed me the most (I was the only one left at the restaurant) was waiting for the check. Why does waiting for the check take 45 minutes? They never came the clear the table or walked by so that I could signal that I needed the check. I should have just walked out. The food was okay but I seriously needed to get in and out of there in a certain time frame that they didn't help with. You may want to consider going when you have a 2 hour lunch break.
1	Closed.  Signage down.  Boarded up tight.  Phone disconnected.
3	Yep, closed!  My dad and I were gonna come here dinner last night.  He called me and told me to meet him at China Palace instead.  So long Jummy Tsang's!  You were one of the last of the old time Chinese joints.
