4	Discovered this a year ago when I did a independent Film called the Governor ( http://www.thegovernormovie.com/ ) here...but I didn't come back till the other night...10/7/07 ishOnly had drinks no food..Decor! really like the 50's/new school style...THe added History is a cool bonus...Great lighting Techniques: the little flickering Cool Fake candles to the recessed Florescent Drinks: I had a great Bartender...knowledgeable and friendly...why all the Bartender hate? Drinks where like $8 for a Cosmo,  also had Grand menea on the rocks drinks where good sized...People: I do have to give this a Negative even on Saturday night it was dead! quite enough to talk to strangers but...no strangers to talk to...(-1 star)...although the roof top is a nice romantic ...(note by November they should have there Liquor license so you should have drinks though out the hotel and will have Drinks on the roof top.I think when its done there will be true potential of a great place.
2	I'm putting my newest update at the top for a change.  C4..is...UGH!  I've never been so frustrated with a place before in my life.  Nor have I ever given so many chances to a place before in my life.  Why do I do it?  Maybe because I think it has potential?  But I'm down to the last chance.  I'm giving the roof deck (yet) another shot when it reopens and thats it.My most recent experience here was for the UYE.  Of course there were tables that were missing chairs.  I'm used to that.  (On a previous trip the little leather chairs were at regular sized tables and I literally fell into one)  We managed to snag a couch seat after a bit and of course the glasses the people before us left behind were never bussed off the table.  (This has happened to be me several times at C4)  My friend ordered the Yelparita, while $1 for a pint is great, its just basically tequila and sour mix.  She gave the bartender a $20, he didn't have change, and in fact did not get her change for another 2 HOURS!  We actually would have left sooner if the bartender didn't disappear for 20 minutes and we were waiting for the change.  (Seriously, we were the only people in the bar area)Hungry (it was 5:30) and wanting to try the appetizers and the new summer menu we grabbed some menus.  (Because nobody offered them to us  I took it upon myself to grab a few)  We sat there FOR AN HOUR with the menus and nobody cared to ask us if we wanted anything.  Do they not serve food in the bar?  If so could someone have mentioned that?  It was ridiculous. Finally we just left because we were absolutely starving.  I have always felt that C4 was hit or miss.  And I realized last night that the few times it was "hit" wasn't because it was fantastic of the food was stellar...it was just because nothing went wrong!  I was at the pool one afternoon, and while the music was loud and annoying, we were at least served and had a fun time.  Best time ever? No.  Would I go back to hang by the pool?  Probably not.  Dinner on Valentines Day was just ok....nobody was served in the wrong glass and no entrees were dropped but the food was just average.  I can't give stars based on good experiences being the kind of experiences where things don't go wrong.  Original Review:I hit up C4 for the Yelp event and I did enjoy myself....however this was after about 4 drinks at FEZ.  Its not really your typical hotel lounge, its more of a bar.  (Even in comparison to other boutique hotel lounges, like the Charlesmark in Boston, I have to say it doesn't give you that relaxed hotel lounge feeling.)   It stands in stark contrast to other places I've been to downtown such as Roosevelt and Lost Leaf.    I hate to say it but I felt like it was generic trendy...almost amateur.  (The paint job was shoddy and the ladies room was pretty atrocious.  I remarked to my husband that it reminded me of the bathroom at his fraternity house.  Not a good thing). I didn't sample any of the apps, although they looked great and I know *some* people were very excited about the vegetarian options.  ;)  The Asian pear martini was delicious though.  Delicious and dangerous.  I did order one Vodka/Red Bull and the bartender tried to psyche me out telling me it was $22.  Oh, and they should also try to secure their Pokemon paintings to the wall better.  I don't know.  For me it has a bit of an identity crisis.  Not quite a hotel lounge, not a dive bar, not quite a trendy spot.  What are you C4?!Update:I hate when I have to update a place and take away a star.  I really do.  But I have no choice in this case and I think I'm being generous only taking away one star and not two.My recent experience here was horrible.  The service was awful, my drink took forever to come out (despite the fact the place was less than half full) and the food was just plain bad.  My chicken was sliced incredibly thin and somehow the noddles I ordered instead of rice never made it to the plate.  The sushi was no better than what you would get at Costco.
5	As a business traveler and seasoned patron of the Clarendon Hotel, I was excited when I arrived at the hotel to find out the new C4 Restaurant was finally open. After quickly checking in, I asked how long the restaurant had been open? It had only been open for 9 days, so once I hit the room, I eagerly strolled down to the bar and restaurant. As I entered, I was quickly greeted by Don, the general manager of the restaurant. We spoke briefly, and I then took a look at the menu. I was shocked as the food seemed so inexpensive! I began to have second thoughts thinking how any restaurant could have quality food at such low prices. I then asked for a wine list, which was minimal. I asked Kenny, who ended up being the bar manager about the selection. He stated the wine selection was still being finalized, however the sake list was substantial. (And it was!) There is also a full bar with very friendly bartenders and strong drinks. They have an AMAZING HAPPY HOUR as well!I ordered a glass of the Powers Cab, and then decided on some food. During my week long stay, I must have tried almost everything on the menu. I was absolutely surprised at the quality, taste and interesting combinations of food. I enjoyed the sushi, especially the C4 roll with peppers and cream cheese. WOW! The ahi salad was fantastic, and the crepe type dish was really good! I also have to mention the spicy chicken wings - tread lightly with the red hot sauce! As the week progressed, I heard a patron in the hotel say their burgers rivaled the world famous Delux burger in Scottsdale - so of course, I had to try the bacon Burger. It was good, however Delux still has it. :) I enjoyed all the items I ordered and the food was a great deal for the price - nothing over $10! As for the ambiance of the restaurant and bar, it was trendy with a contemporary feel. The bar area has 4 huge plasma TV's which are nice for the games during the day. All in all, I had a fantastic experience at C4 and will return. The management, bar and wait staff were all very nice, and the bartendersare experienced. From what I understand, the Grand Opening was on the 26th of October and I was hoping to be in town to enjoy the festivities. I will return in late November and look forward to sampling the finalized wine list. J~
5	Ok, ok, ok... so Ben is pretty much my best friend and I have worked for him at the Clarendon for a good portion of my life, but his past restaurants have definitely been hit-and-miss (to say the very least). C4 had a good thing going with the unique flair, but honest-to-god, Clarendon Kitchen ROCKS.I will say this, too. When visiting, another friend asked Ben where we would eat when I was here. I'm so brutal on him and his work that he told the other person that he'd rather keep his soul intact than let me tear another of his restaurants apart. True story.C4 was imaginative. Camus was a pretty scam. Clarendon Kitchen really does freaking rock. The chimichanga was intense, the guacamole incredible, and the chips nice and fresh. The copious margarita consumption and subsequent heartburn are honest testaments to the truthfulness of their recipe.Lalo's art is totally at home here, too. Love, love, love.
3	Before I begin, let me explain: 3 stars is a good rating! Sure, 4 is better and 5 is the best, but 3 for C4 is equally impressive. Allow me to elaborate. After a brief stop at Red Hot Robot to check out the toy art selection, my friend and I ventured to C4 to grab a drink and bite to eat. Immediately when we walked in and were shown to our table, we noticed an array of toy art on the restaurant side. This place also supports local art. Awesome. The other side, where the bar is, is very chill and inviting, with plush seating if you'd rather avoid sitting at the bar. But, my friend and I wanted something to munch on. I ordered a Sapporo, the miso soup and their signature C4 roll. The beer hit the spot. The miso me so didn't like. I picked out the tofu and avoided the tomatoe-y based broth. The c4 roll was anything but hot. I expected hot since it came with haberno salsa. Wrong. It was bland with entirely too much cream cheese in the middle. I ate it anyway, trying to gather an affinity for cream cheese. It didn't work. Yet, I give kudos to C4 for offering four sushi rolls on a reasonably priced menu. Next time I'll have to try one of their sandwiches. Service was okay. The waitress was attentive and didn't mind my friend and I hanging out to talk the night away. I guess I subtract a star for service, since it took a good 10 minutes between the time we ordered our drinks and when they arrived at our table. Something to mention: the bartender was friendly and made sure to notice us upon entry and exit. "Enjoy your night. Come back and see us!" Yes, those are the words i like to hear. Like I said, 3 stars isn't a bad rating. Sure, you may think it's average, but this place is above average. I just felt like something was missing. Perhaps it was the vibe, the personality, the chill factor. I dunno. I'll probably drop back by, though, esp since it's like a hop, skip and jump from where I live.
1	Where to begin. I was staying at the Clarendon Hotel for the weekend. Due to lack of Wi-Fi service in my room, I was confined to working in the lobby or the restaurant, so when it came time for lunch, I moved into the dining room of C4. C4 seems to be pushing the Japanese-theme, with the toys in the display case running between the booths and the obvious influences on the menu. So I assumed they would have a Japanese-trained chef in the kitchen. Also, having read the reviews on Yelp, I hoped for a decent lunch. I took a chance and ordered the okonomiyaki. It's not something you typically find on Japanese menus, even in SF or NY, so I was intrigued. It's really simple to make, basically saute a few items (I chose spicy shrimp, green onions and noodles), then pour a simple egg/flour/water batter (much like a pancake) on to set everything. Like making an omlet. Thirty minutes later I had no food, and no word from the waiter, who was only serving the 6 other people in the restaurant at the time. When I asked about my food, he ran to the kitchen and came back with a plate virtually covered with a 1" thick monstrosity. So much for the delicacy of Japanese cuisine. It was doughy, heavy, and burned on the bottom. I picked through it as best I could, but in the end, I didn't even eat 1/4 of it. And the "spicy" part of the spicy shrimp was nonexistent.During my extended time in C4, I observed a lot. I noticed that a large table (which had previously been occupied by a party of 8 or so) went uncleared and uncleaned for almost an hour. I know the restaurant was empty, but geez, how gross is that. I also saw that the bowl of ramen delivered to another table had no broth in it. And the real winner of the day was of the old couple sitting near me. The gentleman ordered a roll of sushi, and when it arrived, his dining companion asked the waiter "is this avocado?" - clearly pointing to the wasabi on the plate. Uh oh. I knew exactly where this was gonna go. The old man picked it up and stuck it in his mouth, and almost died choking, right in front of my eyes! When the waiter came back a couple minutes later, they told him that was not avocado, his head almost exploded, so what was it. Waiter went back to the kitchen to ask the chef, and returned to tell the dubious diners "Well, they used to put avocado on the plate, but they recently changed. It's wasabi." Um, how clueless are you, a waiter working in a restaurant that serves sushi?? When they asked him what wasabi was, he couldn't describe it, and just said it was a garnish. Oh lord.Take my advice, don't eat at C4. Not only is it not decent Japanese food, it's just not good, period. If you are serving Japanese food, please train your staff to understand it and how to explain it. And how to clean a dirty table in a reasonable amount of time. Please. If I had the option, I would not give this restaurant ANY stars.
3	C4. I want to understand you. Like I want to understand why my neighbor wears a Members Only jacket. Like I want to understand gay Republicans. And who was the first person to put vegetables in jell-0. I do C4. But ya gotta help me. The bar decor is all about the 4 tvs. That's cool I guess. But other than that, where am I supposed to sit? My vodka cran was weak. When I asked for a remake and let's make it a double. It arrived in a pint glass. Yes a pint glass. I didn't want double the drink. Just double on the booze pour. I wanted a greyhound, but the bartender never heard of that. I'm sure he thought I was trying to book a trip to Bakersfield or something. Come to find out C4, you just don't carry grapefruit juice. The sushi rolls were actually worse than something I would pick up at the grocery store. The teriyaki wings were passable, but a little dry. I do believe someone in the group enjoyed a burger. The dining room has a big spot with nothing in it, right below the cool painting of, I believe a dragon of some sort. Hey, how about a sofa or loungey kinda area? Since I can't seem to find a seat in the bar. And since we're neighbors C4, I'm gonna stop by again. Maybe I'll bring my friend with the Member's Only jacket.
1	I had been looking forward to trying Camus' successor for a couple of months, and finally go the chance to on recent Friday night.We had a large group of about 12 or 15, five or so of which arrived about 15 minutes early. So we ordered drinks in the bar area which had some seemingly graffiti-type art that seemed totally out of place in this hip, downtown hotel lounge/restaurant. We mentioned in passing to a waitress that we were here to give someone a head's up and she looked physically sick as she sighed, "Oh, you're the large party? Yeah, I have you." Well, that's not the way to start things off, that's for sure.I totally felt for her - at first. Large groups are very intimidating to serve. Except... the rest of the restaurant was virtually empty. I could go into a laundry list of things she messed up, forgot or simply did not know, but I think J-Man S. already pointed most of them out for us (and that was only our side of the table...)So, on to the food. I was *starving* so I ordered a bowl of $4 miso soup to hold me over until my burger arrived (had I been less starved, I would have ordered the tofu curry or been more adventurous, but all I could think about was grilled animal flesh). Ok, so it took about 40 minutes to get the apps out - seriously? Anyway, I thought RA had, hands down, the worst miso soup, but this place takes the cake. Yeah, it's only 4 bucks, but I was *so* bummed when it finally came out that it was lukewarm and had the consistency of gravy, was flavorless and had not a single vegetable or piece of tofu in it. REALLY?!After an extended conversation with the server about the cheeses offered for the burgers, mine still came out cheese-less...sigh. I had to *send it back* even though I knew it would take anywhere from 15 to 45 minutes for the corrected meal to come out (her average time for fixing her many, many screw ups). Once I finally had my plate, I found that the fries were shockingly still hot - and pretty damn good, too. Too bad the "house fries" that were supposed to be a mix of sweet potato and regular were all regular save for two. The burger was also pretty good...but to give a back-handed compliment, burgers are hard to mess up and at that point, the napkins looked delicious.I did sample Bonnie's tofu curry and thought it was pretty good - the tofu was crispy and the curry sauce seemed flavorful...but I don't trust my opinion at this point because I might have eaten anything. The serving of chicken teriyaki could have fit in a tuna can - sad, sad, sad.On top of that, after an unsatisfying meal, I trekked to the bathroom. I was surprised to find it was filthy and completely out of paper towels and soap. Iiiickkkk. Now that's just unacceptable for a place that charges $12 for a drink. You couldn't pay me to go back to C4 - if they can't even keep the bathrooms clean, I can't imagine what the bar or kitchen looks like.
2	Disclaimer:  The following review was made prior to the recent changes (including the menu) at C4.  The review has been updated following the old one ...The two times that I've been here was to both eat and drink.The Food: Completely average, but the prices were a pleasant surprise for the Central Corridor.  To start, my gf and I had edemame, which tastes like every other restaurant edemame, only cheaper, which made it taste immediately better than any other.  We then had sushi, which was pretty forgettable, which is another way of saying that i literally don't remember what it was.  For the entree, I had the Mahi sandwhich which was decent, but tasted almost swampy, which was weird.  My gf had the fried tofu, which she did not finish due to her dissatisfaction with it.  Oh well, I considered it inexpensive "bar food" anyway, because the main reason we were there was to drink.The Drinks:  Are good and the atmosphere is pretty cool.  I actually preferred the set-up of Camus much more however, because the low tables in the bar dining room are waay too short and feel misplaced in there.  They need to invest in some high-tops, and i really miss the cushion back couches lining the wall of Camus.  Oh well ... because then we headed up to the rooftop bar.  Okay, so on our first two visits, its incomplete.  There is no bar up there or even any service, but according to the staff, its in the works.  When this becomes available, this will be a very cool, very chill spot.  It has the striking urban views of our city's best scraper-lined street, Central Ave and really comfortable couches.  You can take your drinks up there, and they want you to put them in plastic, but just casually sneak your wine glass up there with you and no one will give you heat.    The three star ranking is a result of:~  Below average, but inexpensive food~  Average drink prices~  Good location~  Good views~  Cool rooftop patioNEW REVIEW:So, we returned to C4 to check out the new menu and it has been upgraded tremendously.  The food is much better, I had the chili beer short ribs which was smothered in a tasty sauce and fell right off the bone.  Good choice!  My gf's chopped salad was serviceable, but rather dinky.  When Ben, the owner, stopped by to inquire about our thoughts on the food, he said that he agreed with the opinion on the salad and that he would upgrade it immediately.  THAT'S service!The prices have gone up slightly, but you get what you pay for.  Quality food worth returning for.  We had a delicious frozen lime tart to complete the meal (made in-house!) and we were very sated.We returned to the rooftop to catch the end of "Sunsets", and lemme tell you, this will be a Valley hot spot in no time.  Word just has to get out.  Its been greatly expanded to cover most of the roof and the views are like no other drinking establishment in town.  People just love to drink up high.  The seating has also been reconfigured to maximize space and the sightline.  I'll definitely be returning to this place for both the food and atmosphere up top.
4	4.5 stars-- why aren't there half stars??!!C4 was really good.  I had the bacon cheese burger and it was cooked to my exact request.  My dinner guests had the chorizo mac n cheese and that was really really good!  We had the appetizer of the chips and 3 dips, this was a bit lacking in taste.  I wanted to try the crab cakes, I should have.Dessert was the lemon TART-- let me put an emphasis on the TART part, it was very very tart.  Not my thing, but it was my guests thing, they really liked it.  We also tried the bread pudding-- this was very tasty and we enjoyed it.Our server, Shannon, was nice.  She had obviously tried the food and was able to talk about all the items on the menu.  This was nice to hear.    We went around 6:30 and it was quiet but by the time we were done, there were many other diners in the restaurant.After our yummy dinner we went up to the rooftop to take a look, it is really really cool!  I am so looking forward to having some drinks up there very soon in the awesome weather we are having right now.The pool area is beautiful, it looks like something out of a movie.  We had a chance to talk with Ben, he is personable, knowledgeable about he hotel, he was very open and honest-- we liked him.  Got a good vibe off him.Planning on coming back and bring the friends with for some good food, drinks and atmosphere.
4	I have an entire box of conversation hearts left over from Valentine's Day and these little morsels are going to be the inspiration for this review. Let the taste of cherry flavored death and pastel sidewalk chalk begin!"My man" and I decided to join a group of ten at C4 last night to enjoy the company of a quirky group of "romeo"s and "dream girl"s and sample the new Southwest inspired menu at C4.I was impressed at "how nice" the decor was in the main dining area, since I had previously only frequented the bar and sampled some of the wretched Japanese inspired bar food. It's nice to see a restaurant "wise up" and invest a little "tlc" into reworking its image, as well as its menu. I thought that the bold, colorful Mexican centerpieces and hanging crystal light pieces were "tres chic" and when I saw the same strong use of color duplicated on the chair backs it was "true love" for me. I wanted to steal all the light fixtures, knick-knacks and tall chairs for my own home.It was Valentine's Day and I had to order something to drink that was as frou frou and girly as my polka dot party dress, because when "ur a qt" you simply have to be sipping something just as ultra-femme. So I went for the Prickly (pear) Peach Martini and was not disappointed by its "sweet," pulpy, hot pink contents.For apps, we ordered two platters of the tri-colored chips with three dips and the crab cakes. When it came to the dips, there was "one I love"d, the napolito corn salsa. The other two, guacamole and pico de gallo, "I hope" get better with time because the pico was bland and the guacamole was so overpowered by lime juice that it was nigh on inedible. The crab cakes on the other hand "I'm sure" I would order again because there was a good crab to filler ratio and a pleasant spicy kick delivered by the chipotle remoulade. "Lover boy" and I split the bacon cheeseburger and the chorizo mac and cheese for dinner, both of which I wanted to be "all mine" because they were so good I didn't want to share a single bite with "my baby." I was hoping the burger would "be good" but I wasn't expecting it to be cooked to perfection and served with crisp tomatoes and a lovely pile of spring mix instead of some of the more lowly greens available. It also came with a side of fries that were more like munching on a plank of potato if you "ask me." And feel free to "call me" crazy, but they must have sprinkled "stardust" on the chorizo mac and cheese because it was out of this world good! You could ask any of the three people that ordered it at our table if that's too good to "be true" and I'm sure you'd receive the same response as mine. Spicy, tender homemade chorizo was afloat in three types of decadent cheesy bliss!We ended the night with two dessert sampler platters, and if you have more than at least three people at the table, I highly suggest you take "time out" of your evening to indulge because it was "way" good. I am in "love" with two of the desserts in specific, the frozen key lime tart and the Mexican chocolate flourless cake. The key lime tart was "cool" and citric and I let it melt in my mouth like a bite of sorbet with a graham cracker crust and tasty little candied lime zest. The "cutie pie" slice of Mexican chocolate flourless cake was rich and dense with a deep cocoa flavor and a hint of spiciness at the end that "let it be" a bit more unpredictable and memorable than regular chocolate desserts. The borracho bread pudding wasn't as drunk as its name suggested (or as pudding-y) and the 7 layer chocolate cake was the same "you & me" could get the valley over. The waitress we had was an "angel." She was extremely knowledgeable about all of the dishes on the menu and went so far as to open a dialogue with the chef when a member of our party needed a vegetarian, lactose free meal (who could that possibly be? ":)" ). I "loved her," and even though service was a little bit scattered, I attribute that more to having to deal with drink orders and food delivery at the same time (for a pretty big group) than any kind of slacking. It wasn't perfect and could definitely use some refining, but since that was the only minor hang-up in the evening, I'm going to "let it be" forgotten."I do" think C4 has the possibility of becoming a five star dining experience. It just needs a bit of polishing!Don't agree? "Fax me." (Sorry, I just had to include the most ridiculously out of date conversation heart saying in the history of Necco. The rest of them were just too ordinary.)
5	I took my husband to C4 this week and we enjoyed some dinner and drinks.  The food and space were a solid four stars.  For appetizers we shared Chips & 3 Dips, Tres Queso Quesidilla and then I had the Veggie & Tortilla Soup while he had a House Salad for entrees.  I think we both agreed next time we might just get appetizers, drinks and dessert.Here is the part that really bumped it up to 5 stars... "Sunsets at the Clarendon"!    Lounging on the rooftop patio with a Margarita in hand, listening to a great DJ, looking out over the city and watching the sun set.  Lovely!  We'll be sure to come back, and bring friends.
3	EDIT: 3/30/08Ok, I'm downgrading to 3 stars.  Now C4 is still a good place, but recent visits have shown the restrooms to be consistent disasters.  Water overflowing with caution signs and bars of soap and lack of paper towels.  Yuck. My last visit on a Friday night, the restaurant ran out of macaroni when I was looking forward to the Chorizo Mac and Cheese.  I had to settle for a shrimp quesadilla which was ok, but nothing near the deliciousness of the mac and cheese.Review - 2/16/08My huge Elton John glasses are off to Ben, his cute dog and his team at C4 and the Clarendon Hotel. I'm impressed with how quickly C4 underwent changes to the restaurant and menu.  I'll keep this quick because Erica's awesome review covers it all.The chorizo mac and cheese was very delicious. I'm all about all things cheese and love a bit of spice, so this was an obvious choice when I saw it on the menu. It was also only $7, but should you be in a sandwich or burger mood, the California Club with the usual fixings and chipotle mayo also delivered for my friend Bobo.   The potato wedges that came with it were huge...I'm talking quarters of potatoes here.Our party of 10 got dramatically improved service from our last experience, and only toward the end did I tip off the server that we were guests of Ben's from Yelp.   Yes, one person got their appetizer tortilla soup....for dessert!  But other than that, our server was gracious, chatty and demonstrated knowledge of the new menu.  The best part of the service was after dinner when Ben and his cute dog asked us how dinner was and we gave him our feedback.The best parts of the new C4 beside the Chorizo mac and cheese?* A stunning rooftop bar and cool happy hour promotion with different DJ and comfy patio furniture to watch the glittering Central Phoenix skyline and relax in a fab setting reminiscent of the Standard Hotel in L.A.  * Desserts. The flourless Mexican chocolate cake was incredible, with the flavors of both spice and cocoa that left us all wanting more.  The key lime cheesecake had great hints of lime zest throughout.The warm Santa Fe orange paint on the walls and new Southwestern/Native art in the glass case suggested a new direction for the restaurant -- one that I'm pleased with and hope continues to be improved upon.  3.5 stars for food and service and 5 stars for effort by management.Original review - January 2008I feel like I'm being generous with the two-star rating. After coming here a few times for drinks I was waiting for a dining experience to actually rate the place, but two stars is all it gets. Quite simply, the food and the service stunk. I understand the difficulty of serving 14 people, but our server got little to no help from other servers, which is surprising because it wasn't even all that busy. There is a reason why the cocktails are more expensive than the food, it's because the drinks are better. J-man and Lauren pretty much cover it all. I will add that half of our party seemed to be ok with the food, but the other half thought it was disgusting. My mahi mahi sandwich with mango salsa was probably the driest sandwich I have ever had. I had to wait about 10 minutes to eat it though because the server had to replace the bun after she accidentally knocked the bun off the sandwich when she served me. It probably dried out from the wait. The fries were decent. The "house fries" were described as a mixture of french fries and sweet potato fries. The reality? 30 french fries and 2 sweet potato fries. I made sure to eat the sweet potato fries really slowly to make them last longer.The only saving graces here were the cocktails and the pokemons. I kinda like them! The drinks were decent, but they took forever to arrive after ordering. Do yourself a favor and don't dine here. C4 will be a drinks only place for me.
5	I am partial to indepedent, non-chain restaurants and especially ones with a casual feel and no attitude.  And ones with great food.I've eaten at C4 four times now with its newly revised menu and have not been disappointed.  The atmosphere is cool and understately hip.  The food is terrific and reasonably priced.The food:I am addicted to the super-delicious corn & poblano chili chowder soup.  Absolute perfection.  I order it every time.Other recommended dishes:Appetizers:  tres queso quesadillo, crab cakesSoups:  the chili stewEntrees:  the tilapia dish, the pork chop dish, the chorizo mac & cheese, the burgersDesserts:  lime tart (tastes like lemon drop candy), bread pudding, apple cobblerAll of the food is prepared fresh, including the desserts.  I've had the pleasure of touring the kitchen and meeting the cook staff.  You can see the pride in their faces as they prepare and talk about the food.A great restaurant for one, for two, for four, for six, or more persons.  Be sure to check out the rest of the hotel while you're there:  the rooftop with its incredible sunset and downtown views and the jawdropping pool area.
4	The reviews of the new C4 have done a really good job, so I will make this short.  I had never been there before, so I can't compare it to how it used to be.  My experience on Valentine's Day with a group of 10 was wonderful...very friendly server who did not mind answering all of our questions and knew quite a bit about the new menu; nice decor (loved the hanging crystal pieces); and, for the most part, good food. My husband and I split three of the appetizers for our main meal-crabcakes, sliders, and chicken quesadillas. I liked the quesadillas quite a bit and my husband enjoyed the sliders. However, I didn't like the crabcakes at all...I'm a very very picky crabcake girl and unfortunately I am still looking for good ones out here in the Valley.  There was no lump crabmeat in either of my cakes and they were too flat...I prefer fat and small cakes to big, flat ones. Plus the filler to crab ratio was much much too high.  I will say that I did enjoy the remoulade quite a bit though.  The desserts that I tried were delicious...the Mexican flourless cake was divine and I really liked the pop of spice.  The seven layer chocolate cake was moist and not too rich at all. My husband and I found the prices very reasonable for the most part...the appetizers we ordered were all under $8 and it's hard to find that in most places nowadays.  We ventured up to the rooftop before dinner and it was beautiful. I will definitely be going back when it gets a little warmer out to enjoy music, the view and drinks up there with friends.
4	We had a great mid-week lunch experience at the C4. The weather had warmed enough to sit out on the North patio in the shade.  We each had a starter, sandwich and desert and received attentive food service from Armon and beverage service from Stacey.  As explained to us the chefs specialize in their native style so for starters we had the "Tres Queso" Quesadilla with chicken and the Baja Crab Cakes.  Each was a cut above the norm from our experience plus smaller to fit our appetites.  The crab cake sauce and guacamole were outstanding accompaniments.  We then chose sandwiches as our next  course.  The chicken "Cordon Blue" with capicola ham and sharp cheddar was not fried as one might anticipate but rather a toasted whole grain bread.  Very tasty and worth experiencing again.  The California club was nothing to write home about but an enhancement would have been fresh sliced warm turkey vs. cold turkey (hint to owner).  We don't normally order desert but couldn't resist trying the frozen lime tart and the house churned ice cream of the day (pina colada).  Both would be very good with a drink overlooking a sunset but it was only 1 PM and we were in the shade...  We took a self-guided tour of the enchanting hotel pool and discovered the roof patio which looks inviting in the evening.  As a an early riser (see my sunrises) I can tell we will have to return for an unobstructed sunset in the future with light cloud cover.   As locals we probably wouldn't stay at the Boutique Hotel but noted the covered parking plus relative proximity to downtown for short walks to Steele Indian School Park and the high rises along Central.
5	I love The Clarendon Hotel and the restaurant was great!  I'll always have a very special place in my hear for this hotel but that won't change my opinion on the restaurant. We started with crab cakes that were terrific and I had ordered a sandwich that came with really cool potatoes.   I did like the potatoes better than the sandwich.  My dad had the same thing as me and he loved it.  My mom had a steak and potato salad and she really liked it.  My boyfriend ordered the mac and cheese and he loved it and so did I. I wasn't feeling super good that day or I would have ordered a martini and dessert, so I'll have to go back.  Also, the rooftop of this hotel is rockin' with views, ambiance and dj's.  Definitely check it out one evening, it's a great place to have a drink with friends.  And the pool is the best pool in Phoenix!
1	last night i had dinner with guests at C4.  what a disappointment.  since the wait person was new, he couldn't answer many questions on the menu, but that was no big deal.  i ordered the blue cheese burger medium  rare.  what i received was a well done burger with a whiff of blue cheese.  my guests were also disappointed in their meals.  we were asked if we cared about desserts but just wanted to leave for obvious reasons.
3	So, I went here for the UYE yesterday and for their Monday Yelp specials.   For a dollar,  the margarita was very good.Where in the hell were all the other people that said they were going to show up? It was just me and two other very nice yelpers.The place was dead while we were there and I didn't get any food.Will go back to check out the roof when it's open again, promise.
5	Full disclosure: I might be working at the bar in the near future so 1) come say hi 2) assume what you will about my motivations. That said, completely coincidentally, I ate there twice yesterday. For lunch I had the black bean hummus and veggie sandwich, which were both excellent. For dinner the veggie enchiladas. Also very good. The horchata milkshake is unbelievably delicious. Really really freakin' good. The information above is for those of you who care about the quality of the food, etc. But I'm the guy who cares more about the quality of the experience. Call me crazy. So my yelp-style recommendation is to think of it as the place to go during the week if you work or live anywhere near (30 mile radius) Central Ave downtown for a delicious lunch in a cool atmosphere or for happy hour and dinner in an even cooler atmosphere because the lighting/building/pool/ambiance really pops as the sun goes down. Great place for dates. If only I could trick a woman into going out with me... I was the co-producer of a mid-size (150 humans from planet Earth) soiree hosted at the hotel last year and we timed perfectly the arrival of our guests with the graceful egress of our sun and many of the attendees attributed the beauty of the scene with the brilliance of the production rather than the normal rotation of the Earth around the sun. But whatever the reason, they loved it. But the BEST part... the pool is open to the public. Go use it. Not only is free and open to everyone, but they even provide towels and sunscreen (use it!) and you can eat and drink the Clarendon Kitchen's nosh and spirits and perhaps drink more and swim safely there, even ever so slightly tipsy, because the pool is not very deep. Not a recommendation. I'm just keeping it real. Did I mention you can have drinks at the pool? And there are pool parties pretty much every Sat. and Sun...So anyway, I want to work there because I love it. I think it's one of the coolest places in town. The food is very, very good. Drink anywhere on the property. Eat by the pool. Stare at the sky. Pontificate aloud to fellow swimmers. After this bloody hot summer when the rooftop happy hour re-opens enjoy the best views downtown has to offer that don't involve you sneaking into a high rise and picking the lock to the slanted roof you'll slide off of...
1	Top 3 WORST Dining Experience EVER!Saturday night my girl and I decided to check this place out, excited for the change in menu and an "Old School Mexican Food" experience.  We were thoroughly disappointed in almost every possible way.We arrived at about 9:15pm and didn't get out of there until 11:15pm... TWO hours for $9/plate Mexican food.  Did I mention we were 1 of 3 TOTAL parties in there?  No big parties, two tables of 4 and our party of 2.  Service was so poor and slow it was comical.  The waitress would disappear for LONG periods of time.  Maybe smoking weed or something, I have no idea....?  Weed would explain why it took 20minutes after ordering a scoop of sorbet before it found it's way to our table.Now the food.  Junk at best.  First, after literally 45mins-1hr after being seated, our food finally arrived.... COLD... not luke-warm, cold.  I had grilled chicken w/ rice and beans, my girl had chicken soft tacos.  We sent our plates back and the waitress said she would have the kitchen remake the meal immediately.  Well, 25minutes later the new plates arrived.  Really?  25 minutes to remake a plate of grilled chicken and soft tacos then slap a spoon of rice and beans on the plate?  Now the second time the food STILL was not hot... this time it was luke-warm.  Whatever, we were starving, so we ate it.  The food itself lacked any seasoning and frankly any taste.  I can make better Mexican food at home, shit, Filiberto's makes better Mexican food.  Interesting also, the second plates had portions about 1/2 of what was delivered initially.  I usually have left overs and don't really like huge portions, so this was fine with me, but it just goes to show the lack of consistency.The waitress was always very nice and courteous, and she did offer us a free item to make up for the cold food, so she appeared to be trying, I just don't understand what the issue was.  We were not alone in a bad experience.... one table of 4, sitting behind us, ordered a nacho appetizer with guac on the side... well she brought one out with guac all over it, explaining there was a mistake and another one was being made, but they could have this one also, instead of throwing it away.  Well their 2nd one, prepared correctly, didn't come out until AFTER they were all 4 done with their meals!  The other party of 4 who were seated before we even arrived, didn't get their food for 15 minutes after our first cold plate... meaning they waited at least 1 hour for their food and they ordered before us!  They had burritos... burritos!  How long can it possibly take to make a burrito?Dinner's over, and I decide to try a refreshing sorbet I had eyed on the menu earlier.  I don't eat dairy or wheat, so when I see a dessert item that has neither ingredient, I get excited.  There are not too many deserts around that are made without wheat or dairy.  They had a few very good sounding selections, I opted for Passion Fruit.  So 20 minutes later, when my single scoop of sorbet arrived, I dove right in...... and almost spit it out!  It was the w-o-r-s-t tasting sorbet I have ever encountered... in fact, I don't think it was prepared properly, or even sorbet.  It was the most sour, most tart thing I have ever tasted.... to the point where it was literally impossible to NOT make a face after taking a bite (like the super-sour-face).  My girl thought I was joking and being dramatic so she took a bite.... haha, you should have seen her face.  Classic.  Un-edible.  It literally had the consistency, and tasted like that frozen fruit juice concentrate you buy in the store, without ANY sugar.  It was horrible.  Horrible.Sad really... I truly wanted to like this place.  The atmosphere and decorations are very cool, chic, and modern.  It really _looks_ tight, but produced one of my 3 worst experiences ever.  Funny thing is, I had a gift certificate, so I got most of the meal and 4 martini's free..... and I still hated every second of it and would have absolutely rather gone anywhere else and paid.
1	I visited Clarendon Kitchen twice. My first time was bad. The most tasteless, boring food I have experienced in a long time. How can anyone make a bad burger? Burnt on one side and the chips they give you pre-meal were un-edible, stale and flavorless.  I hoped it was a bad night or a fluke in the kitchen, so I deceided to give it another shot.I had lunch 08/09/08 and it was even WORSE. The food which took forever, was just bad, it was awful. I hate to use flavorless again. But it was FLAVORLESS. Has the chef ever heard of spices? This is a Mexican restaurant, afterall. After a few bites I quit and vowed never to return. What a shame too since I live right across the street.
2	I recently visited the Clarendon Kitchen for the first time. We went on a Sunday after church with about 6 people, myself included. The decor was great, kinda Va-to meets chic. And the urinals made out lips were stunning!!! That was the good.........Here's the bad........We were the only people in the restaurant and were seated immediately. So I had thought that quick service with our drinks and food would follow in the same foot steps.Boy was I wrong. The table only ordered 2 drinks for the bar, one Bloody Mary and one Mimosa. And with $8 dollar price tags each you can see why....ouch. After about 5 min the waitress brought out every ones coffee and water. about 5 min after that she brought the drinks from the bar. Remember the place is empty. I ordered the Chimichanga, and my bf ordered the patty melt. after about 30 min the chef came out and asked how everything was. We said "good except we do have our food yet" He said I will go and check on it........Wait......didn't he say he was the chef? Maybe they have to when its so busy like this...........Finally when the food arrived, our waitress couldn't remember who got what. My Chimi was enormous in size but pretty mediocre in taste. My BF's Patty melt which he asked for rare come out well done.....oops, close i guess  We stated up front that everyone was on separate checks except my BF and I. When the checks came we had our own check but  everyone else's was together. When we told her she said it's alright I can ring them all, I remember what each of you got.......uh not likely, you couldn't even remember when you were bringing the food. So after about 2 min she came back and said I will just print out new separate bills. "Ya think?" When she came back with those bills she had added the tip in, so now our bill was 8 dollars higher then when bill came out before. Cool whatever, at this point we are ready to run for the hills, it had been one dumb thing after another. When she brought out my friend Danny's change, she told him that they didn't have 19 cents so she just gave him a quarter. What? And after he looked at his bill he saw that he was actually owed 50 cents not 19. Can this girl not count or something? What else can she not do? 1. Remember what everyone got 2. keep drinks filled 3. listen. So all in all I might go back  but maybe only for a dip in the fabulous pool. One other note, They should get music that compliments the atmosphere, decor and the food......
5	I was staying at The Clarendon for a trip in Phoenix recently (always a pleasure staying there, I love it!) and I got to experience the Clarendon Kitchen and C4 for the first time.  The last time I was at the Clarendon this restaurant and bar were not in place.  So I had two primary interactions with Clarendon Kitchen and C4; one was the room service food and the other was the rooftop bar (amazing!!).  Let's start with the food... I generally like to order different items on a menu if I'm staying at a place for a while because I like to experience the variety.  The first time I ordered from Clarendon Kitchen I though the Chorizo Mac and Cheese and the Southwest Chicken Wings looked really good so I ordered them (admittedly a little bit guiltily because they're not exactly on my diet).  My goodness... they were delicious!  In fact, I loved those items so much that I ordered them again the next day, breaking my own rules.  In addition to the great food, the people who delivered the food were very nice and friendly and the service was extremely fast.While staying at the Clarendon I had some people come to the hotel to meet me for drinks.  We went up to the rooftop bar just as the sun was setting and the bar was opening.  I cannot begin to describe how nice it was; the view was amazing, the weather was perfect.  Seeing the gorgeous pool down below and all of mid-town and downtown phoenix all around... it was amazing.  The bar wasn't super fancy, but the decor was very nice, the bar tender was attentive and the prices were even good, especially considering such a fantastic ambiance.  I couldn't possibly recommend a more fun, funky and beautiful place to bring a group of friends or a date for a drink in Phoenix.  You can really soak in all that Phoenix has to offer.
1	I honestly do not know why this hotel has such a difficult time finding a decent restaurant. The hotel is really a great boutique hotel. But definitely go off-premises for food. There's no need to regurgitate the other bad reviews, but if you chose to go and actually have a nice time (in my experience that would be a 1 in 4 chance), then good for you. But in an area where within a few mile radius you can eat infinitely better and for cheaper, you might just be a nickenpoop. And the restrooms have consistently been sub-par. Just think, if a restaurant can't keep a bathroom clean (which is very simple to do), what must their kitchen look like?But if you're in this for the weird status symbol stuff, then go here and be seen. It's one of the "required" spots for that sort of thing -- at least once.
1	Well to start off there was not much I could eat considering most of the food had trans fat. The ice cream they serve has mono and diglycerides (trans fat) they use grocery brand buns with High Fructose corn syrup and partially Hydrogenated oil (Also Trans Fat) Me and Jamie ate her on NYE so maybe it is different . Jamie ate an alfredo pasta that I didn't touch (white sauces disgust me) Later that evening she started shaking and holding her stomach. On the drive home she said she felt like she was going to puke but I figured she was just expressing how bad she felt. I offered to pull over and she said she couldn't wait that long. I look over and she had grabbed a Harkins cup from the floor and started puking in it then dumping it out the window to make room for more alfredo vomit. It was smelling garlicky fresh in there. I'm sure with it being New Year it looked great throwing cups of vomit out the window, even though we don't drink. Since we don't drink we were probably the only ones who knew this was not alcohol induced vomiting. Oh something else I saw that night. The chef brought out some food in a cater style pan. As he was setting it down the dish rag he was holding was dragging all over the food, WTF?!
1	Beware. Run, do not walk from this restaurant. Never thought I'd say that about a restaurant, but the cook might be better as a garbage collector 'cause she did an excellent job scraping up the slimy gunk that might have formerly been lettuce on my club sandwich tonight. Any recommendations for food poisoning ERs?
