3	I'm somewhere between 3 and for stars on this location, as it depends on really who's working and what time of day it is.  Overall, I really like this Circle K, and like coming here for a variety of stuff, but sometimes, and I do mean sometimes, I walk out slightly irritated. Other times I leave, and I love it here. It's not bad, just sometimes more frustrating then others.On the good side, this place is large, clean, well kept with a variety of items to choose from.  Loads of drinks, a clean, well stocked store, clean gas pumps, friendly staff, donuts, coffee, and a handful of other gas station items as well.  This is what keeps me coming back for more, and it's usually easy in easy out at this place.Sometimes, I get irritated because the line can be a bit long, and I seem to catch a rush here from time to time.  I don't have a problem with the rush, but sometimes, depending on who's working, the lines move faster then others.  Some of the attendants are faster then others, and if you catch it on a slow day, it can be frustrating when you have other things to do.Also, you can use your Fry's card here for $$ off gas if you hit a 100 points or more from shopping there. That's awesome since sometimes I do, and who doesn't like to save money on gas prices these days? Love that they work together on that, yet another reason you'll find me here getting a variety of different items, not just gas.Overall, aside from the speed of some of the attendants, I enjoy shopping here. Great store, clean, well stocked and overall a great experience!
1	wow really 15 people in line one person on a register and two more screwing off behind counter this is why I prefer QT when I can
1	This store is awful. The lines are consistently super long (seriously, at a circle k?) and the employees are lazy and rude. At times lines are so long they wrap around the inside of the store. Usually only one cashier will be working, and the other employees hiding. Not to mention the fact that the place is not kept clean, and it's a newer store. The employees absolutely do not care. Is there a manager running this place? The manager should be fired!On a side note, there is one employee, Jessica, who is always really nice.
1	This is the worst circle k ever! The long lines get to be a bit much with usually only 1 person on the register. It's always messy, but the absolute WORST thing I've seen, is the customer service. There is a "lead cashier" who isn't only insanely rude to customers, but also treats the other employees (his apparent subordinates) terribly. The management needs to intervene and make some SERIOUS changes if they don't want to continue losing business. The circle k on 7th ave and bethany home AND 19th ave has far better customer service!!
3	Sure it's not your fathers Circle K were you got cigarettes,  liquor and food you needed at 3 times the price of a real grocery.  They used to have a creeper and "strange thing are afoot at the Circle K" element.  Now they have spruced themselves up to compete with QT.  They have fresh foods, coffee and a wall of tasty beverages.  It's a big improvement.
