4	An authentic new york deli in the middle of the strip (The Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace) ... Great lunch spot - they even set you up with a bucket of pickles on your table to start. Try the potato knish if you're not going for a big meal, such as the giant open-faced sandwiches.
4	There are huge matzoh balls in the soup here. However, the soup is a little on the bland side - I had to add a lot of pepper.A slice of New York style cheesecake is ridiculously big. I started out helping someone on his dessert and thought there was no way we'd finish. Little did I know this would be the best cheesecake I'd ever tasted, so polishing it off was easy.This is one of the cheapest good places to eat on the strip.
2	Stage Deli is a branch of the famous New York original.  My first meal at Stage Deli was whitefish, with a bagel and cream cheese. The whitefish was OK but too salty, and the bagel was soft.For my second meal, I ordered kishka (listed on the menu), and got a blank stare. The person taking my order eventually asked "Do you mean quiche?" No, I wanted kishka. This resulted in a meeting with another person. Eventually they brought out my order - quiche! If they don't even know the foods they offer, no wonder their food is no better. I eventually settled for an acceptable corned beef sandwich.
4	A nice little deli in the Forum Shops. Beware, they serve large portions that could serve two people. I ordered George Clooney (that's what the sandwich was called) and received two large slabs of meatloaf atop bread (open faced). I ate just about half of it before deciding it would be best for me not to fill up on this. My mom ordered the regular meatloaf dish that was similar to mine, only that hers had mashed potatoes and no bread. We could've easily shared our dish had we known the servings would be so large. I felt bad having wasted all that good meatloaf. Don't let this happen to you. If you like pickles, they offer a pickle bucket for a buck and it comes with different kinds of pickles to try.
4	This place was a pleasant surprise! My sister and her boyfriend insisted on going to Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill for lunch. Not having $30 to drop on a sandwich, my friend and i chose to browse the forum shops for something cheaper. We randomly came across Stage Deli and since neith of us knew exactly what we wanted, we stopped to choose from their large menu. I settled on a chili dog which was delicious! I had to ask for a side of onions and a side of cheese to complete the chili dog, but once it was all together, it was good!  The chili dog, itself was huge and so was the bun (what a concept). The chili and the fries were all delicious. My friend got a meatball sub which she seemed to enjoy and thank GOD they never put a bucket of pickles on our table. Its like they knew i hate pickles . .
3	Yes, I've eaten at NY Stage before and know portion sizes are huge, but I still was amply shocked by what appeared before me.  The amount of food on the plate is almost to the point of being unappetizing, so you have to order just one plate and share.  That being said, the matzoh ball soup would have been enough for the two of us, but we went ahead and ordered the whitefish "appetizer," which could have fed four people easy.  The soup was kinda bland, but the matzohs were cooked perfectly.  The whitefish was super yummy, if a bit bony, and served with bagel, cream cheese and the standard tomatoes and cucumbers.  The chocolate egg cream was delish.We felt guilty for not finishing the whitefish.  I wonder how much food this restaurant wastes?  It's not like Vegas tourists are asking to doggie-bag the left overs.
4	My husband and I were like, embarrassed of ourselves in Vegas because everything seemed so outrageously priced!  We were like pissed that everything was a rip off.  I know that seems weird because of course it's that way- it's Vegas, losers.  But we couldn't get past it.That said, we were happy when we found NY Stage!  After eating unhealthy choices like Sbarro's for a couple days, it was nice to eat a yummy veggie wrap in a spinach tortilla.  My stomach was so grateful.  My husband ordered the spaghetti and meatballs and said the meatballs tasted homemade.  We loved this place's food, but the price even more- we got out of there spending less than $20, which was otherwise almost impossible in Vegas.
2	Carnegie Deli next door at The Mirage is way better than the at best mediocre stuff they're pushing here.  I lived in NYC for 10 years and this isn't even close a 3 star place there.  Thin sandwiches, stingy portions of meat and wtf are they doing with the toast there?
4	Wandering aimlessly around Caesar's Forum Shops, broke and ravenous, one of my girlfriends smelled something wonderfully meaty: 'twas Stage Deli.  We looked at the decent prices and barged in.  At first, we were confused because of the odd dichotomy of what seemed to be an on-the-go deli counter and full-out sit-down restaurant.  Cool beans, it's both.  All of us decided upon the open-face sandwiches, because they're named after famous people and just sounded awesome. Sides include either mashed potatoes, potato salad, steamed veggies, or french fries.  I ordered the Andre Agassi, a hoagie piled with roast beef and with a side of au jus dipping sauce.  The au jus sauce MADE that dish--not salty at all, but savory and like liquid meat to me.  Which sounds gross but was pretty good.  Even the veggies were good, with this teriyaki-tasting sauce.  My friend ordered the steak sandwich, the name of which evades me, but it was true to its name and a whole freakin steak came out.Overall, this place was great : casually hearty food for a great price and splendid portions.   If you're craving meaty sandwhiches, go here!
3	It is fairly inexpensive place to eat breakfast in Vegas.  I had breakfast and lunch at this restaurant.   Breakfast was decent and lunch was just ok.I have to admit that I am spoiled.  Having eaten smoked meat most of my life in Montreal (Schwartz's, Smoke Meat Pete's, Lesters, Snowden Deli).....Stage Deli just doesn't compare.It was an ok sandwich and the price was excellent.  Having lunch for around $10 in Vegas is a bargain.  I give it a 3-star because of their price and breakfast was decent.    If you ever want a real melt in your mouth smoked meat (pastrami) sandwich, visit Montreal.  It's even better than Carnagie Deli in Manhattan.
4	We have been to the Stage in LV about 6 times over the past 5 years or so.  Sandwiches are always good.  I always enjoy the Reuben.  There is nothing stingy about the sandwiches here.  The matzo ball soup is good also.  The potato pancake has gone down hill.  Stay away.  They are now like a big, flat fried cake.  There are no strings of shredded potato anymore????  Not a place for a "light" lunch but if you have late dinner plans, go for it.
2	Oh!  Not good for us!  We came in on a Friday night, around 9ish.  The place was empty and our table was sticky.  2 stars for attentive service but the food????   With so many other choices why go here?
5	We hit this place at least once everytime we visit Vegas.  The pastrami sandwich is deelish!  Hubby swears by the beef brisket sandwich.  The matzo ball soup is amazing!  We also love that they offer a container of kosher dill pickles to their cleintele the way other eateries offer bread or chips and salsa.  These pickles are HUGE and tasty!  Breaksfast here is also tasty.  I recommend the lox platter.  My better half says to go with the oatmeal.  Friendly staff, fun scenery, tremendous people watching.
3	This is one of the best bangs for your buck in terms of Vegas restaurants. I really like their open faced sandwiches - I had the pastrami this time around. The portions are gigantic. The pastrami sandwich was not bad, albeit a bit more dry than what I remember it was previously. Normally, I would say the potato pancake is to die for, but this time, it wasn't very good - it was really hard and rather dry. It tasted a bit stale.The strawberry milkshake I had was not bad, but it definitely wasn't very good - I was craving a milkshake, which is probably why I liked it more than I should have.I'll try this place again... just a bit disappointed it wasn't so good this time around. Service was nice, but I'm not sure why they didn't bring the pickles around (we didn't feel like asking). Overall, decent place for a casual bite (with HUGE portions that you can probably share).
3	Been here twice this week... first time I was playing a poker tournament and stopped in to grab a sandwich.  The sandwich was delicious, and huge, but took way too long to make.  I had the David Letterman, which was a huge pile of turkey and a bunch of bacon with tomato, triple decker style, for $10.99.  Came with a pickle and potato salad.Went again after seeing Elton John with my family.  I just had a coffee, but they had soup and dessert.  One of the desserts was so stale we had to send it back (strawberry shortcake).  Our server barely spoke English, so that was an ordeal.Long story short, this place is pretty decent and a good cheap(er) alternative to the fancy restaurants in Caesars Palace.  But don't make a trek over here for a meal... there's better places to eat if you don't happen to be inside the mall.
4	Every visit to Vegas I try to hit Stage Deli. I had my food mixed up and ordered the wrong item but the corned beef was okay. Overall a tasty food place, always packed during launch. They are open late and are quick after dinner for a tasty bite.
4	we were recommended to this place by our friend.. its a big cafe like place.. affordable.. they had a special with a soup, half sandwich, and potato salad.. big portions... the sandwich was kind of plain i though.. just 2 pieces of bread with some cheese and a TON of meat..  the clam chowder soup was well worth the money... only $10
4	I think the Stage Deli is closed.  Boo hoo!  I loved eating breakfast here because it was so quick and the food was always good and reasonably priced.  They also had some majorly giant cakes on display too.  We're talking multiple layers, can't fit all the layers in your mouth in one bite, type of cakes here.  I never had the opp to try a slice because I had only eaten breakfast here, but I sure was tempted.Unfortunately, when I stopped by on my most recent excursion I noticed the location had been boarded up.  No signs indicated whether they moved or if some new business was taking over.  I hope I am mistaken and that they are either renovating or opening in a new location.  Sniff!
4	I am so sad this place is closed.  I loved their sandwiches and bucket of pickles that they would put on the table.  And their cheesecake was to die for.  We asked the hostess at Cheesecake Factory how long they have been gone, and she replied about a year now and that we would just have to settle for Cheesecake Factory now.  Ummm....I don't think so.
4	My husband and I were looking for a great place to get some meatball heros. My husband is from New York.  Cheesecake is awesome, save your self some money on cheesecake. For go cheesecake factory (across the way from stage deli) and get some great cheesecake from here.
5	I am so bummed that this place is closed. It was at least half of the reason my husband and I would ever visit Vegas.
1	My husband and I frequent the one in NYC on 7th and it is wonderful.  This franchise in Caesars was absolutely HORRIBLE.  I ordered the Corned Beef Hash and it looked like a rat had taken a dump on my plate.  We took a picture of it and took it to NY and they were quite disguested at how someone could allow this to be served.  The wait staff was less than accomodating (we had heard from the area shops was normal) so we just left.  No tip, nothing.  Will never dine here again.   THEIR NICKNAME WAS  "THE RAT DELI".  Thank goodness they were closed down.
4	It was cheap and popular with the Jews, so it had to pretty fucking good. And now it is dead, replaced by inferior, more expensive imitations. Good night, sweet Stage Door Deli. You are missed.
4	CLOSED.  This deli is closed and gone.  At least the one in Vegas (don't know about the NYC one).  When we asked the guard on duty at Ceasar's Shops at the Forum Where the Deli went, she said that 1-1/2 years after its closure, she is STILL asked by a large no. of guests every day as to where the deli is-- she said more people ask her about the deli than anything else.Too bad, I love Deli food, and we had eaten here 5 years ago and loved it.    If you have a "Deli craving", you might go to Carnegie Deli in the Mirage Casino and Hotel on the strip...  very small, but huge sandwiches and decent deli food.
