2	Just your average Chase bank with your average Chase employees. I come here because it's close to my house, but in comparison to otter branches, this one falls below the average star rating because there isn't much to their customer service. Don't expect an life changing experience, but I've never had any problems here. It really is strictly business for me here. I don't even remember one person's name at this branch and I always ask whoever helped me for their name for review purposes.Not a big deal going on here but I always come back.
1	This branch is aweful. How can you advertise something and not follow through with it? I used to get charged some retarded monthly fee and come here and they reimburse me the fee and say they fixed the problem.. then the next month, i get charged the same fee, then the following month: same problem and so forth. This went on for about 5 months or so. The last time i went there, the manager was rude and refused to reimburse me the fee and said that it was my fault i got charged those fees and that It was wrong for them to reimburse me the fees in the first place and "shame on them for reimbursing you cuz they weren't supposed to..." (let me also state that SHE was that one that reimbursed my fees a few times). Well honey, if you would have fixed the problem 5 months ago, I wouldn't have to waste my precious time and gas to come here every month for the same ridiculous issue that shouldn't have existed in the first place. I left pissed off, and I wanted to call Chase's 1800 number and file a complaint, but decided to go to another branch thats on Craig rd... and guess what! They fixed it right then and there and never had an issue since. They also politely reimbursed me and repeatedly apologized for the way i was treated at this branch. I go to the one on Craig rd now, they seem to appreciate people and know what good customer service is.
4	I always liked this Chase but I like it even more now. They have added drive up banking and a ATM to the outside. You can still go inside and use one of the 2 ATMs inside but if you don't want to get out of your car they pull on around! The ATM is 24/7 and the teller is available during normal business hours.The bank is clean inside and the tellers have always been friendly towards me. It is conveniently located in the corner of a  shopping center so stopping at the bank and running errands is a snap.
