4	Not the nicest neighborhood in the area but don't let the painted cinderblock exterior deceive you. The food is excellent!I was there to meet friends for a late breakfast and went with the basic ham and eggs with toast and an extra side of sliced tomatoes. The steak was pretty thick and very delicious. A friend had an omelette with biscuits which he said were delicious and another friend had the three hotcakes plate, which were huge! At least 6 inches across and quite thick! Someone else at the table was in a lunch mood and had the bbq special.The coffee was good and hot and refilled often. Sodas are the canned variety, so no free refills there. The waitress has probably been there for years as she was friendly and knowledgeable.It's inexpensive food, cooked with care. Enjoy it!Note that they DO NOT accept cards of any type, so bring cash.Bonus: depending on the winds, you can stand in the parking lot and watch the planes on final approach into the Charlotte airport.
5	Great food & service.Been here for breakfast and lunch, good home cooking.Good prices also.Oh, just a note to Dave S; Yes you can mess up breakfast, you been to any of the IHOP's lately?
3	Unassuming place off Wilkinson Blvd. near the airport. Cinder block restaurant with a very basic interior. I was there on a Wednesday morning for breakfast and after reading some reviews I was expecting fast service, that was not the case. I ordered a bacon egg and cheese sandwich with hash browns. Not sure how long that takes but it should be less than the 20 minutes I waited. Only 4 other tables occupied so it's not because they were busy. Food is decent, again I can only speak of breakfast. In the area it's the best breakfast available. The sandwiches are good sized, the BEC was packed with bacon. The hash browns are the way to go though, very large plate and very good!  Contrary to other reviews, i'm assuming this recently changed, credit cards and debit cards are accepted and they have an ATM inside. Prices are very reasonable for portion size.
1	Stopped here on a business trip for some breakfast, and ugh, what a disappointment.  I ordered a Western Omelette that was just completely destroyed by imitation cheese.  I really hate when places don't list that they use fake/imitation/crap cheese in their meals, since to me they taste completely terrible and ruin the entire meal.  I was in a hurry in this particular occasion or I would've asked for another plate, and painfully ate as much as I could tolerate, which ended up being about half the omelette.  What added insult to injury was when I tried to save my taste buds by washing down the fake cheese with the Orange Juice I ordered, that I discovered immediately to be from concentrate, and clearly tasted as such.What a complete and utter disappointment, it really shows that this place has no pride in their service, and will take any and all shortcuts to make a quick buck.  STAY AWAY!
4	They have the absolute best Chicken Pita that you will EVER find in the Charlotte area.   Sure, you can get a Chicken Pita at plenty of restaurants, but this is the best; it really DOES make a difference when the chicken is marinated, as theirs is.  The lettuce on this isn't iceberg, but actually romaine chopped up.     It's typically served with fries sprinkled with seasoning salt - which are very good - though I usually swap them for a healthier choice.    The owners are super nice and service is good.  One thing:  I wish they would get a new bottle of hot pepper vinegar to replace the current one.
5	Great diner food!  Scary location on a run down street with inside nothing to write home about, but the food was excellent.  One of the best I omelets I've ever had.  Great grits and home fries.  Our server, Maria, was a sweetheart and the food was served quickly and hot.  Decent prices, but sadly, no peanut butter on the premises.
5	One of the best lunch spots in charlotte. Great specials and allways fresh. Not impressive on outside but staff is awesome and food is some of the beat around.
4	I tried this place and loved it! While the outside may not be fancy the customer service is warm and fuzzy. I tried the black bean and corn veggie burger that was pretty good. I ordered the vegetable soup as a side item is was good but a little to salty for my taste. The coffee is decent and the prices are reasonable. Support this local family owned diner you won't be disappointed!
4	While it might look like much from the outside but like they say don't judge a book by its cover good food, good service and good prices would have never thought of coming here if not for yelp
