4	With a location on Las Vegas Boulevard near the Outlet Center, this is a happening Panda Express.  Wow! This restaurant gets significant sunlight. For diners who dislike too much sunlight, the drapes are adjustable.  Owing to the above, this Panda Express feels more fast food than casual dining.   Just like the majority of Panda Expresses, the service and quality of food exceeds my expectations in fast food dining.   What I appreciate is this Panda Express served soup on my visit. Lately, it is rare to find soup in Vegas Panda Expresses.  A major drawback is that to drive here, you have to use the busy Outlet Mall parking lot. And it gets busy. And worst is that when you turn left onto Las Vegas Boulevard or Warm Springs Road, there is no traffic light.   Being a Panda Express fan, I will be back.
3	Normally I steer clear of American Chinese food or "Chimerican" as I like to call it.  BUT..if you're at the Las Vegas Outlet Center...this is surprisingly the healthiest option for lunch..if you know what to order.  I bypass the carbs and get a side of veggies with whichever wok smart entree (supposedly 250 calories or less per serving) has the most greens.  This has got to be a better option than all the nearby pancakes, wings, ribs, gray sub sandwich meat, huge fried onions, donuts, burritos, chicken fingers and burgers.
3	For the "fast food" Chinese meal...food is tasty, but many times the drive through is slow! Many times the drive thru line is full of waiting cars or you may be asked to wait on a food item.
3	I was very disappointed in the new Angus steak dish, very fatty and chewy. Think I'll stick with the chicken that's almost always delicious.
4	I'm a fan of Panda Express so for that alone they always get three stars, this location gains a star for the hot fresh food, clean restrooms and clean table and chairs that I sat on.  They lose that last star for my experience here with the amount of food they gave me.  I was finished shopping at the outlet mall and got a notification that my plane was an hour delayed, I needed to pass more time and I was so over gambling. I was hungry and I didn't want to spend a ton of money on airport food. I saw the Panda Express sign and thought that it would be a perfect place to repack my bags and spend my new found hour before I needed to drop off my rental car.  I'm sure I'm not the only person who ever bought so much stuff that they had to buy a cheap duffel bag right?  Anyways, I get there and park, change my top, repack my (now plural) bags and go inside.  I normally order a two entree plate and save some of it for the next day, since I didn't have that option I opted to get a rice bowl.  The menu states it is one serving of an entree and your choice of chow mien/fried or steamed rice.  I order the sweet fire chicken, steamed rice and a drink, it comes to almost seven dollars but whatever, I was looking really forward to my food.  Then I look down at the food, yes it is hot and fresh but I have about five pieces of chicken, huge clumps of onions, one chunk of pineapple and a ton of steamed rice.  Disappointment!  I'm not even sure if I got a half scoop of the chicken dish.  Since I was eating there I guess I could have complained but honestly I was tired, hungry and knew my day was only half over.  The food was really good but I wish there had been more of it and less of the empty carbs.
1	The first Panda Express I seen with a drive thro. This has to be the worst PE i been to for customer service. Walked in there was no line, yet i waited 5 minutes to get asked if i was ready to order, worst part the employees were standing right there in front of me the whole time talking, there was an abundance of employees but apparently they had a lot to talk about. even going tho the line of food from getting my rice to picking my meats they would stop and talk! like hello!! and once i got to the cashier to pay the guy didnt know how to use the register. He said he worked there 3 years. They get one star because they food was hot and tasted good.
3	Panda Express usually isn't my first choice for Chinese or Asian cuisine, but this place has one draw and one draw only... a drive thru. When I'm on my lunch hour and I need to get a quick bite on the go after shopping at the outlets or if I'm just in the area and want to get something fast. The service is standard and If you order the right menu items, you can actually make a relatively healthy lunch choice here.
3	You pay for what you get. But whyyy you gotta charge me a dollar extra for some items?! D:
4	I love their Walnut Shrimp! I tend to get that every time I walk in Panda Express! LoL!
4	Came through in the drive thru shortly after they opened. In placing my order they kept cutting me off trying to end my order when I had several things I was ordering. That annoyed me.But, once I got to the window they were ok and had no problem giving me extra soy sauce and making sure I had my sauce for my spring rolls.I tried the new Teriyaki Chicken and I loved it. So tender and tasty I am a fan. Everything was very fresh and still was awesome when we reheated it up for later. We will be back.
1	OK so my boyfriend and I went through the drivethru. First problem: they were out of cream cheese rangoons. I could have brushed that off with no problem if that was the only problem. My bill was $11.10. I had $10.10 in cash and I told them to put $1 on my debit card. The lady screwed up and put $10.10 on my card and $1 in cash. They then told me they were going to give me a refund and try again. That didn't happen. I've worked in fast food and refunds are very easy to do. They gave me a dollar back and then tried to tell me that they gave me a ten. The manager came up and showed me two receipts trying to say that she refunded me. When a refund is processed, the receipt says "refund" and all the amounts have minus signs. All they did was charge me twice! They finally gave me the $10 and we brought the food home. Terriyaki chicken was good. Chow neon was good. The orange chicken was spicy. SPICY! Panda express orange chicken isn't supposed to be spicy! The crispy shrimp was completely inedible. I will NOT be returning to this restaurant EVER AGAIN.
2	THIS PLACE SUCKSThe food was cold and overcooked. I'll never be back. A waste of 7 hard earned dollars.  Should have asked for my money back. Stay away
2	It's not ok to have me wait in the front of the building for my meal after waiting in the drive through 10 minutes to order and pay for it.
1	The worst food I have ever had from panda. Had to replace my orange chicken with the teriyaki chicken and then gagged on that.. Would never eat here again.
