5	The "Off the Strip" location in Southern Highlands has gotten some great reviews not just from Yelp but from almost every other review site out there. So, when I found out that they have a new location close to my house I decided to finally check them out. It's located on Tropicana a few blocks west of Fort Apache in a small strip mall. When you first walk in, the bar will be straight ahead, the dining area to the right, and a lounge area with pool tables and dart boards to the left. This is a gaming establishment so they've got all the usual bar-side games as well. I'm not sure how much redecorating they've done since they took over this space from the previous gaming tavern because there are some design elements that don't exactly fit the Italian/New American cuisine they serve. The bar is covered with a tin roof and there's a lot of fake wood lining the top sections of the walls (a la crown molding).The customer service was fabulous. The second we walked in the bartender and manager (I think ?) welcomed us and acted like we were regulars there. We were seated in the dining area, where there was only one other party. Throughout our dinner we were served by the manager and a waiter. Drinks were brought out quickly, orders taken soon after, water was refilled often, and we didn't have to wait long for the food to arrive. The manager stopped by a few times to check if we liked the food and chatted a bit. He talked about everything from  the fresh ingredients they use to wine in Germany compared to wine from California to being retired from the military and taking this job to help out his friends. Our 2-year old son was with us and a few seconds after we sat down the waiter brought over a couple coloring books and crayons for him to play with. Very nice touch. They don't have a kids menu but the manager offered to make him some boneless wings and fries after asking us what he likes/doesn't like. Their menu isn't very large and they said they don't have everything that the Southern Highlands location offers. But, based on the items we tried the quality and execution of the dishes are excellent.We started off with the NY Asparagus ($12.00) -- thin slices of NY strip wrapped around asparagus and grilled. There are two per order and they come out in a mushroom sauce that is delicious. What a great concept -- wrapping asparagus in meat. That's a sure way to get me to eat vegetables. For entrees, we ordered the Rigatoni alla Vodka ($17.00) and the Lobster Ravioli ($22.00). The sauces for both looked and tasted the same which, according to their menu, consists of a vodka cream sauce with tomatoes, mushrooms, asparagus, and shallots. Both dishes were very good, although I thought the lobster dish was too heavily sauced and took away from the flavor of the lobster and ricotta filling of the ravioli. The chunks of lobster could have been larger in my opinion, as well.The entrees came with a side salad (choice of house or caesar). We tried both and enjoyed them. It was nice to see the salad served as small portions, like they should be, and NOT ridiculously huge Cheesecake Factory-sized portions. The entrees, however, were big. But, I'm not complaining because now we have dinner for the next night since we each only had half of our entree.Even though we were stuffed, they brought out a complimentary slice of cheesecake. It was rich, creamy and smooth New York Style cheesecake with a few strawberries and a little whipped cream on the side. Between the three of us it didn't last long.I don't think the food was perfect and the dishes we had probably rate closer to 4-star quality. But the service was so friendly, so excellent that I have to round up and give them 5-stars. It's a great neighborhood hangout and a cheaper alternative to other Italian/American places on the strip.They have $2 domestic drafts for happy hour and, from what we were told, on Mondays and Tuesdays the food is 25% off.
5	We were greeted first by a bartender, then by the owner. Very friendly. Shook our hands, asked if we had been there before. Told no first timers. He explained how things worked at this location. Introduced us to our waiter. Kind of sad that no beef wellington at this location :(. Decided on the chicken saltimbocca, it was a toss up of this or the rigatoni ala vodka. My friend had the chicken with artichokes. We started with the NY steak wrapped around asparagus. That was truly fantastic. They also gave us bread. Then our salads. Then they brought the entrees, as we started to eat, the owner brought me a small order of the rigatoni ala vodka. What a nice thing to do. He know I was having a hard time deciding, (ocd) it was on the house. Both were very good. Big portions. I could not eat half to it. (Lunch for today). They asked if we wanted desert. No too full. Well they gave us a piece of cheesecake to share. That cheesecake was off the hook. Homemade. Perfect. I had my radio shopping show certificate, so my total for both of us 30.00. Will be going back. A super great experience, good food, good service. The waiter rocked. The one thing I like was all the food was fresh.  My friend liked it to, in fact took dinners home for her family.
2	No kidding, this place is pretty far from the strip-maybe 25min or did the sat nav give us wrong directions again. I think we were the only people in this place on a Friday morning but the service was pretty slow and the food was pretty much ok, Maybe the lunchtime menu is better but as far as breakfasts go it wasn't anything special
4	I'm bumping them down to 4 stars. I still think this is a great local place, but their kitchen tends to be heavy handed with sauces.  The last time we went I got the panko crusted pork chop. It was a huge, tender cut but was drowning in a soy sauce-based sauce that was way too sweet. The service, as always, was excellent and they have Fat Tire on tap for 3 bucks. I'll still come back, but their cooks really need to lighten up with the sauces.
4	We were just there for an appetizer and had an amazing time.  Tom, the owner, was everywhere at once and all the food looked great.  Our steak/asparagus appetizer was lovely as were the crab cakes.  Get off the strip!
3	Fun place. Bartenders and waitresses are great. Don't order nachos.And don't go during a football game. The fans? that sit in front of the poker machines and don't play are assholes and won't move. Good thing the bartenders are on top of that and will find you a spot.
5	I'll give it five stars for a couple of reasons. It's by no means the most gourmet place you'll ever go to, and it's not overly glitzy or glamorous.That said, one of my best friends is a chef here, and he makes sure that we're taken care of with any special requests we might have when it comes to food. That also goes for the rest of the staff; the service is EXCELLENT and friendly (without bias), and they have a couple of cool little promotions going on.Beers are like $2 a pop; every time you drink a fat tire, you get entered into a raffle for a fat tire bike. Besides, fat tire is delicious. The food is actually excellent as well. I've tried more than a few things here, and I've been surprised every time with how good the quality was for a restaurant that's off the beaten track, hence the name. There's bar shuffleboard, darts, pool tables. Video poker. Couches, comfy chairs, big screens for watching football/other sports.Give this place a shot, I think you'll be pleasantly surprised.
4	Was invited to a friend's Birthday party here the other night.  They reserved an area to the left side of the bar.  I loved this place as soon as I walked in.....2 Pool Tables, 2 Dart Boards, and a full sized Shuffleboard game, plus comfy chairs and a wall of big screen TVs.....perfect!They ordered tons of food for the party....Mozzarella Sticks, Chicken Wings, Chicken Fingers, and several Pizzas.  With over 40 people coming, they needed to load up.I tried the Mozzarella Sticks & Meat Lover's Pizza.....they were both very good.  The Mozzarella Sticks were cooked just right....the Breading was crispy and not too greasy and the Cheese was melted and gooey.....it had a nice flavor to it and went well with the Marinara Sauce.The Meat Lover's Pizza was awesome too.....from what I could tell, it had Canadian Bacon, Bacon, Sausage, Pepperoni loaded on top of the Pie.  It was very flavorful, but with all of that Meat, the crust was a bit soft, very difficult to eat the first few bites of the slice without a fork.....which is not good for Pizza traditionalists.  Other than that, it was spectacular Pizza....full of flavor and I thought the Cheese to Meat ratio was good.To wash all of that down, I had a Hoptoberfest Beer made by Fat Tire.....very tasty, not as Hoppy as other Beers I've had recently, but very good.  It went well with the food.Overall, I had a blast here and so did the rest of the party.  People were playing pool and darts....it was too packed to play shuffleboard as the party goers were too close to the table to play a game.Will I return?  I'm considering having my Birthday Party here.
4	A great local bar to go to if you're in the area. The place doubles as a restaurant as well, so the food is a lot better than most foods you get at other bars. The food consists of mostly Italian. The prices are a little more than I would like them to be, but that gets offset by the cheap prices at the bar. $2 domestic drafts !! Plus, the bartenders there are pretty friendly as well. If you go for lunch, the prices are a lot more affordable. If you're a big fan of rice pudding, definitely give it a try. Their pizzas are thin crust, and the crust had a lot of taste, which is a plus. The BBQ chicken pizza, was a little heavy on the BBQ sauce for my liking. The bar area is very clean, especially compared to a lot of other local bars. They have super comfortable couch/chairs, big screen TVs, pool tables, darts, and shuffleboard. I've been here a few times, and I'll definitely be back. Probably wouldn't go there again just to eat - but when I go there to drink, I wouldn't be against ordering food.
5	Yes! This place was a win! This was our first meal after getting off the plane and landing in Vegas so we were HUNGRY! This place didn't dissapoint. It was a little awkward at first since we didnt know it was a bar, but right around a quick corner is restaurant style seating where you can sit yourself and a waiter will arrive shortly. We ordered a few appetizers: Onion rings and New York Steak Asparagus. Both were great, although the Asparagus is litterally just two pieces of asparagus for about $10 bucks...it was good though so I cant complain too much. I ordered the shrimp scampi and it was simply amazing! So much flavor and tons of food for the price. My mom ordered a pizza for herself thinking it was going to be a personal pan sized portion but it was waaaaay bigger. I think it was probably bigger than a Large order from Pizza Hut, and it was much better than Pizza Hut of course. My dad ordered the meatloaf which he loved and the boyfriend ordered a Philly Cheesesteak that looked pretty good also. The Cesar salad that comes with most of the entrees was amazing BUT incredibly garlicy (which I LOVE) but I'm sure not everyone would feel the same. The atmosphere is really chill and laid back, the bar was filled but not super crazy. I truly am surprised this place wasnt more packed with hungry locals. We did visit on a Sunday evening though, so that could be part of it. Get away from the strip for a bit and check this place out for sure!
2	Off the Strip has done good things with the bar area since taking it over from previous owners, but the food seems to be a fairly solid miss. I've had the burger - eh - previously. Last night I tried the buffalo wrap, the husband had the cobb salad. My wrap fell apart as soon as I took a bite. I was left with a buffalo chicken salad with very little chicken. Fortunately, the cobb salad was significantly better. Service was terrible, but they were overwhelmed with parties and Monday Night Football. I'll return for drinks, but grab a bite elsewhere, in the future.
5	This review is certainly going to echo the sentiment of Seth Y. mainly because we obviously share the same friend who works here. Aside from the special treatment we receive the rest of the staff from the waitress to management was really friendly and on the ball.I had a custom burger that had so many flavors going on that I think I devoured the thing in less than a minute. The menu is a bit all over the place and they serve it all day which is a pain in the ass if you work there but if you eat here it's amazing.Like others have said this place is spacious and has a cozy feel to it. I bet it would be a great place to spend a Friday or Saturday night with friends. I might have to come here a bit more often. Nom nom nom.
5	Finally...Kuge will REVIEW...Off The StripKuge does unfortunately hang out and is friends with fellow yelper Jonathan S. (har har) and is also friends with the same friend that works there.  But The Great One loves to review about the complete experience and not just the food that he ordered. Right from the get-go Kuge and his friends were greeted instantly upon entering the establishment.  Along with that Kuge felt completely welcomed as he noticed Off The Strips open layout inside the building.  It certainly had a homey feel to it (similar to Naked Fish).  The staff was fast and courteous throughout the night.The menu was pretty unique but The People's Champ will admit he is gun-shy on trying new items he played it safe and ordered a pulled pork sandwich. The food came pretty quickly and Kuge was pleasantly surprised that the portion size was absolutely HUGE.  Aside from the service size, Kuge believes that the food he ordered was pretty damn good and rock solid.  It was as if he ordered 5-7 pulled porkies from Slider Truck except it cost nearly half the price.The sheer value of taste, service size, and price make Off The Strip a restaurant that you jabronis keep an eye on if you are in the area.  The Great One had a wonderful experience with it's homey feel and great service.  Kuge will gives Off The Strip 5 Rock Bottoms out of 5.
4	I dined here on the advice of an avid yelper. His suggestion was that I try a place off of the Strip, and away from downtown LV. We used GPS navigation to get there, thanks to my Droid and Google maps... We had dishes of spaghetti, fish, and steak. All were large portioned, and the staff was very friendly. The nights specials were sold out already, and there were a couple of menu items that had been dropped,Lots of flat screens to watch sports on.
5	Great! We had pizza, sweet/spicy bacon wrapped prawn appetizer and the lobster ravioli. From the second we walked in until we asked for to-go containers, we were treated like old friends. BTW, yes, the bar does dominate, but the kitchen really rocks. We can't wait to go back.
3	I wasn't too impressed...I thought I was at the wrong place after going to their website!  I guess I wasn't expecting a bar, and was expecting a more classier place.That aside, the food was okay.  I had the Caprese salad which was good and the Asparagus was good.  Nothing that wow'ed me.  My friend had some kind of pasta...he didn't like the pasta.  It was okay.Cheesecake was good though!!  :) Overall, eh...not my type of thing to dine on but I gave it a try
1	I did not enjoy my experience here at all. and by experience I mean the food. Tried the Reuben (special) and calamari. The fries were not crispy, nor was the calamari. The reuben was too salty and they put so much butter when they browned the bread that the bread was soggy from it. Then I had the rice pudding, which I didn't know comes cold, I always thought it was suppose to be hot but whatever if its good I can eat it cold. But nope, this dish was just a complete fail in my book. It came out in a bowl with cinnamon sprinkled on top and two maraschino cherries. (Unfortunately that made it look less than appealing) The taste/texture was not what rice pudding should taste like. It was like eating whipped cream with a few bits of undercooked rice strewn throughout.  I think the server knew that we did not enjoy it but he didn't say anything. So I would say the service was average. It's nothing I would rave about and nothing I would be angry about.
4	My husband and I came here twice for their Nachos. They are huge and it only costs about $7.00. I think the best way to get them is when they serve the chili on the side and when they layer the Nachos.  I'm usually not a huge Nacho fan but these are pretty good and it can be easily be shared by two people. The atmosphere is relaxing and the they have nice decor of New York City scapes adorning their wall. I enjoy coming here because you can take your time to eat and the prices are reasonable.
5	This place is a steal, and the real deal. My husband, friends and I like to meet up for all Philadelphia games-but we can also expect incredible food, service and company. Try the home made meatballs, trash salad, wings, grilled artichokes and specialty italian dishes. You will never be disappointed; unless of course the Phils, Flyers or Eagles are loosing. :) We love to call this one of our favorite neighborhood haunts.
4	I love a good pleasant surprise.  This venue used to be a timbers,but is now an Off the Strip.  It's in a random spot in a tiny strip mall and looks like your average video poker bar.  You wouldn't really think to venture in....Alas! you must!It's really quite spacious insode and there are darts and pool and stuff; however, there is a cozy dining room to the right so you can avaoid all the bar stuff if you so choose.  I've been three times now and have officially figured out my favorite: the chicken scampi!! Why didn't anyone think of theis before??  You get a chicken breast, stuffed with shrimp scampi, on a bed of spaghetti in a flavorful marsala sauce.  it comes with a salad as well.  I dig it.  It's $20! A bit much  - but plenty to share! Definitely enough for 2.  The bread leves muchto be desired.  I tried another pasta here preciously (it hink it was called Big Al's Pasta of something).  It too was delicious and flavorful.  It was spicy!  we also sampled the asparagus spears wrapped in steak and drizzled with balsamic.  A lovely appetizer, I must say.My dad goes ga ga for the nachos and my Uncle claims its one of the best reubens he's had.NOTE: There are lots of opportunities for discounts.  Monday and Tuesday all food is 25% off.  They also have happy hour from 3 - 7 (I think) and food is 50% off (I think).Anyhow, it's close to home and I've been three times now.  it's a definite winner in my book!! I'll go again for sure!
1	What a BUST!!!!  I left the restaurant full and unsatisfied!  The worst feeling in the world!   We came here on the recommendation of a friend who said it was the best food ever!  Such high expectations but then.... UGH!  Not one person at our table enjoyed their meal.  Let's start with the food....ordered the grilled artichoke and NY steak wrapped asparagus.  Um.... would you like some artichoke with that serving of SALT?!?!?!  Awful!  Couldn't even eat it and didn't even bother packing it to take home.  And then a few other people order the soup of the day, cream of potato.  That soup was about as thick as mash potatoes.  YIKES!   As far as our entrees.... I ordered the grilled salmon.  The fish was clearly not fresh, definitely frozen.  Two others ordered the lobster ravioli.  Sounds good right?!  WRONG!  Both of them disliked their meal.  The Penne vodka was probably the one hit of the night... the sauce was tasty.  And then another person got the Shrimp Scampi.... he seemed to enjoy the flavor, although the shrimp was not really cooked well.   Now, atmosphere... if you're expecting a dine in restaurant.  It's more of a bar and grill type of place, with gaming.  Don't bother dressing up, very casual.  Think sports bar.  Not a nice restaurant for dinner.And then the service.... granted our waitress said it was just her second day, but come on!  We waited forever for our meal, forever for our drinks, forever for our tab.  It was not a good experience at all.Would I go back?  Nope.  Would I recommend this place to anyone?  For dinner, Nope.  Maybe for drinks after work.  But really, the food was not good.  And in a place like Las Vegas where there is so much competition... you can't serve bad food.
4	$2.50 pints all day, good food, lots of TVs.   A good find in my neighborhood.
5	Off the Strip is my new favorite spot in town!  I went there last night after hearing good things and we were both very pleased with our meal and service.We had:-The rolled NY which is just asparagus rolled in steak with a yummy sauce, we were in love, it was to die for.-Sweet chilli and bacon prawns, we had never tried prawns before but the bartender recommended the dish, and it was AMAZING. We ate the whole thing, sauce and all.- My bf had the Rigatoni Bolognese (with the softball-sized meatball), which I tried some of and absolutely loved it!- I had the Chicken & Artichokes, which was very very good, just not as good as my dates dish (which I kept stealing bites of).- We also got a piece of the cheesecake to go, and it tasted homemade and delish!!Aside from the AMAZING food, we also really enjoyed the service at off the strip, we ate at the bar and the bartender, Stacey, was so sweet and attentive, we will definitely be going back! All in all a great experience :)
3	We tried `Off the Strip' based upon it's high rating for Italian cuisine in the Las Vegas area. Even on a Saturday night, they cheerfully accepted our reservation for 2. I made mention that it was our anniversary. When we arrived there were just two tables available, both right by the kitchen. Not exactly a `romantic' location w/ all the kitchen crew noise and wait staff traffic.The service was prompt and very personable. We both ordered the Caesars salad w/ our entree. I asked for a small side of marinara with the bread. I usually do this because I enjoy a dip of marinara with my bread, but more so on a first visit, it lets me evaluate a key ingredient for most of their offerings. We all have formed our own particular tastes when it comes to Italian, and mine was formed during my travels to Italy, in particular Southern Italy. For me their marinara was not bad, but a bit too salty w/ a just hint of tomato. Not that fresh tomato flavor I have grown to love, so I avoided their marinara offerings and went for a vodka sauce dish.The salads are made to order, I know because we were just steps from the salad chef. The Caesar salad was too 'hot' for both of us. It overpowered all other ingredients. We were later told that it was due to the amount of garlic used. I suggested they try cutting back a bit to give all of the complex flavors of a Caesar salad the opportunity to shine.Dinner was good (not great), but we were both pleased w/ out entrees. After dinner we were surprised w/ a complimentary slice of their famous cheesecake. It is not under rated. It was delicious and the highlight of our Off the Strip dining experience.A Tip... I don't know what the Off the Strip corkage is, but if I were to return, I would bring my own favorite as their most marginal wines are in the $35 range w/ most anything decent at $60+.
2	Decent food. Decor a little bland. Service slow, but would come back. Those were my gut feelings a few days ago when I ate there.  Having time to think about it, while the server was incredibly friendly, we had to grab our own menus and had to look for her when we were done eating to pay.The food was middle of the road.  I was a bid disappointed based on the reviews, as I was expecting much better quality.  My wife had the chef's favorite pasta (forgot the specific verbage used on the menu) and said it was decent, but rather spicy.  I layed up and had a pizza.  I was impressed by the handmade crust, but with such a great foundation they really could have done more with it.   I wouldn't steer anyone away from this place, but it wouldn't be the top of the list for me when looking to eat.
4	Really good food and friendly service.
3	Pricey for the location. I took my Dad there and we ordered the house Cabernet and shocking it was $9/glass. The crab cakes were puny and mediocre. My Dad ordered the french pork chops which he said was very good. I am willing to try this place again but will order something different and ask what's up with over priced house wine.
1	Decor of a Timbers. Smell of a Timbers. Avoid it like a Timbers. This is a one star review. I should give it a two because our server Laura B. was nice and attentive. Service can not help all your problems though. This use to be a Timbers. You can tell because everything if here from when it was a Timbers. Yelp says Off the Strip is a four star. Not at all. I ordered a burger well done. It tasted like ash, burnt and nasty. My friends burger was a Salt burger. Our visit was not great. I wanted to love this place. The four stars had my hopes high, but the food was a major let down. I can't see a reason to return.
5	This location is still open and still a great place to go and watch the game or have a going away party-
2	The food was pretty good but it was very clear that our server had her fav patrons.  We had to wait for pretty much everything for too long.
4	First & Foremost.... This place is currently open. I'm not sure why there is a closed notice. I'm going to inquire and try to fix this error.Thanks to Yelp yet again, I discovered this place a couple years ago.Their food is great. (I recommend the chicken lettuce wraps!)It's not super smokey. Shuffle board, pool, darts, deer hunter...and connect 4. The bartender Joey is AMAZING! He makes it a point to know your name and take great care of his customers. Last night about 30 of my co-workers and I took the place over for about 5 hours. Joey and the 1 other bartender had no trouble taking care of us and their normal crowd. Off the Strip is a great locals spot with quality food!
5	I am not sure why this place says its closed but it isn't!  Went there a few days ago for a work party and had a blast!!!!  The bartender Joe is on top of his bar!  He learned my name very quickly and topped off my drinks when they were low.  They have a few pool tables, some arcade games and a shuffle board which my coworkers flock to every time they see one. The food was good, it is your normal bar food, plus a few goodies like chicken lettuce wraps and grilled veggies.
4	I was surprised to find the place almost dead on a Sunday afternoon after reading the reviews, but my friends and I pretty much had the place to ourselves.  The food was as good as everyone said and the menu seemed to have a good selection ranging from bar food (wings & nachos) to full entrees (steak and sea food).The service was prompt and attentive with the exception of having to ask for the bill 3 times (glad we were not in a hurry) and then we didn't get our change until we asked for it.  I got the feeling she was not normally a waitress and was filling in at the last minute, so we were glad for her sake it wasn't busy.We ordered the meat loves pizza.  The pizza was large enough to feed two hungry men (one a NY pizza lover) and 2 young boys (10 &11). The crust was a little thin in some places, but the topping were plentiful without overwhelming the crust.  The ingredients tasted fresh and everyone said we should come back.  I'm sure we will.
4	Stopped in with my daughter for an early dinner.  It was our first time and it won't be the last.  Everything was great, food service and an ice cold beer.  Cheesecake was great, wish it would have had more chocolate sauce, but I'm sure the waitress would have brought more if I had asked.  I will be back!
4	I had been to the Off the Strip in Southern Highlands, but never this location. While the Southern Highlands location is just a restaurant, this is a bar and restaurant. Knowing that, I wasn't sure if I would be getting the same type of dining experience. However, I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of food served here.I came here for lunch. There were two older ladies just leaving the dining area as I was about to sit. Thus, once they left, I had the whole dining area to myself. The place was dead. My waiter was quick and the service was friendly, but I'm not sure if that's standard or because I was the only one there. Who knows.I ordered the special, which was a grilled pork chop with apple stuffing and green apple gravy. It came with a side of mashed potatoes and honey glazed carrots. Everything was delicious. For $10.95 plus tax, the special was the way to go. Some of the other options on the menu seemed a bit pricier than I would've liked, but I'm glad the special was truly special in both taste and price.
5	Amazing bar! Lots of seating available, great for groups. With multiple TVs playing sports and other entertainment (video poker,juke box, pool tables & more..). Great service from the bartenders! Remember to tip Brad! Hes awesome! Oh, don't get me started on the food! I ordered the Rigatoni Bolognese & loved loved loved it! I would definitely check this place out, if not for drinking, at least to grab a bite to eat!
2	Food is decent but they allow smoking in this place. Last I remember you aren't allowed to smoke in bars. I won't be back because of the smoking. Too bad because food was good enough to go back
5	This is a fine dining restaurant - disguised as a bar.  They offer very generous portions and presentation that would rival any top strip restaurant.   You can sit far away from the bar area in a lovely section with nice private booths, dimmed lighting -- and when you order a dinner - you get a fabulous salad, great bread -- and enough food to last you a few more dinners.  But the presentation is gorgeous -- and the food tastes fabulous.  Their eggplant or chicken parm is amazing -- with homemade pasta that is so filling....  When you carry out your leftovers - it is heavy duty.  They have great steak specials, burgers, pizza -- and they make homemade ranch dressing and others varieties too.  Just an all around gem.   Don't judge a book by it's cover -- this bar is a fine dining restaurant experience at a great price point.  Value and excellent food.
2	Unless you like heavy country music, alot of gamblers, and heavy smoke this is your place. However the bartenders are great and very knowledgeable.FYI: the No Smoking signs are just for show.
5	I ate here a couple weeks ago about 3am with some co-workers after work. The guy bartender was a awesome bartender. The food was great too! Definitely will be going back again
4	We came here looking for quality food with a relaxing atmosphere. I wanted a variety so I ordered 2 appetizers instead of one entree.My first choice was the New York Asparagus. This is thinly cut black angus beef wrapped around asparagus with provolone and  topped with marsala mushroom sauce. It was very good but the sauce reminded me of Salisbury steak sauce which kind of threw me off. It is pretty small so don't order it if you are really hungry.  I also ordered the pesto garlic bread. It was made with french bread and had tomato,  garlic, pesto on it. There was a generous amount of mozzarella on top! It was really tasty!We had the chocolate cake for dessert which made me glad that I ate a light meal! I know that garlic bread isn't considered "light" but I shared so in my book its considered a tapa.
5	First time going to there.  I loved the food is was really good and great atmosphere . Bartenders were super sweet
1	...
4	Had the chicken parm & slice of homemade cheesecake with strawberry drizzle. Our server was very attentive and nailed our order. If you are in the mood for fresh Italian cuisine and are in the Nevada area I highly suggest checking this spot out.
5	This restaurant is amazing. My go to items:Rolled New York steak to startHouse salad (best dressing, so refreshing) Chicken and artichoke  entree And of course to finish the homemade cheesecake. This is my go to for a date night.
1	Worst service from a bartender in the history of my experiences here in Las Vegas. Bartender was busy dealing with her issues,  personal or work related,  does not excuse such poor service. The cook delivered our food, refilled our waters, and dropped off our check....never coming back here again.
5	This place is amazing from the food to the service!!The bartenders here are outstanding ! Brad is his name by the way! The only thing that I miss is the previous bartender Chris, the white hawaian ! The best in the city
1	Service was beyond pathetic in the restaurant section.    Other patrons voiced their displeasure.   If you do not mind to wait 1.5 hrs for sub par food go ahead and try them
