3	My best friend Donjay and I love to see shows. We at least see one every month. Usually at Crescent Ballroom because it's an amazeballs venue. But then I scoped tickets for El Ten Eleven at Pub Rock were up on the board at Stinkweeds. I have been feening to see them live. If you don't know El Ten Eleven go listen. Or you may have heard their music in the documentary Helvetica if you didn't already know them...I was kind of wary of Pub Rock from things I had heard of the hood and things I had heard of the venue itself. But upon arrival it wasn't all that bad! Torpedo IPA is pretty good. Getting a drink was quick and easy. Really open venue. Decent sound. Big stage. Weird how they had the have the all ages show set up. Stage taped off and drinkers got a green wrist band. The kidz got cornered off near the stage while the money makers  got set back near the door where the sound is worse. Doesn't make sense. We couldn't take our drinks near the stage so am I going to be buying drinks. I don't think so... Whack. I'll be damned if I'm going to lose my standing spot right up by the stage when El Ten Eleven goes on. Opening band kind of sucked donkey nutz. Ah and I didn't really want to be near the stage while the crap for talent openers were playing crappily along... Hello? The 80s called; they want their synth back.And theeeeen... No more and then. But for real. Took forever between the first opening band the the second... At least the second act was entertaining. A solo guy with a drum pad, lap top, bass drum and a broney mask. Slow magic. Still his set was a lot longer than I expected. Too long really. And then another long ass break between the second band and El Ten Eleven! Grrrr I was without beer, grumpy, getting tired and freaking ready to go.... Then Kristian played the first note of the first song and I was so glad I didn't let my mood get the best of me. So much energy on that stage! So many amazing sound coming from those two dudes!!! Gah! Over all just an okay venue. If they work on a few things like all ages shows and scheduling sets better it could be a very good venue. Keep getting amazing acts in there and it could be a great venue.
2	Great bartenders! However I find the drink to be very over priced and security was a tad bit less than professional to say the least! If I ever come back it will be because of The friends that work there and the decent live music!
4	decent venue to see small bands. they have a nice foosball table and pool table and a good seating area if you don't want to stand to watch the bands perform. my only complaint was that my vodka/cranberry tasted like it was made with kool aid instead of cranberry juice.
4	I've been here about 4 times since the new management took over and change the name. At first, I was a bit partial to the old owner and bartender, but this place is now growing on me.PROS:-Renovated! Nice floors and the place has been thoroughly scrubbed.-The owner makes the best drinks-Support the local music scene and bandsCONS:-Sometimes the place is pretty dead-During a listening party, the sound wasn't the best by the barOverall, this place has won me over and I'll definitely support them!
4	Really good vibe. Really nice place. Sound and stage is awesome.
4	Saw two shows here in the last two days. Great venue. Low key, which I'm a fan of. I like the stage set up, even though as previously mentioned it's a bit obnoxious to be roped off further from the stage if you're drinking at an all age show. Pretty decent prices for drinks. We played some pool and chilled in the back, overall great time. Staff are great too.
3	Cool small venue/Bar. The fence across the floor sucks for dancing or pitting. It's okay place. WAY BETTER THAN THE MARQUEE THEATER IN TEMPE. this stage rules. You can see the band actually closer and it's chill :)
2	I came here with my roommate to see Menomena and Helio Sequence on Oct. 1.Reviews I had read before about the service were on par and we gave up on trying to order our beers because the servers kept overlooking/ignoring us.The sound quality was loud but muddy and the speaker on the right kept emitting a fuzzy sound during singing/talking/playing. I think the speakers were also out of phase.The women's restroom was out of service for remodeling (I think) so the men's restroom was restricted to men so women could use it. Men had to use a port o potty out back.All in all, I'm thrilled I got to see Menomena but they were having so much trouble with the sound/setup that even they looked fed up and quickly ended their set. Most likely, I will not be visiting this venue again.
1	I purchased tickets weeks before a show, upon arrival I was turned away for over capacity. LOUSY and unprofessional. This has never happened at any other small venue and I have been to plenty. This was a reminder for me to see my bands at another venue. It wasn't worth the planning and time it took to make sure I arrived for the show I paid for and didn't even get to see them.
2	Went here for a recent show and it was a mixed bag really. The bouncers and door staff were very pleasant and moved people in quickly.  The bartenders seemed cheerful and I got my cokes refilled quickly ( DD always ).  I'll agree the sound was muddy and the band requested for the sound engineer to adjust it, but it never really sounded as good as I had hoped. I have seen that band at several other venues around the city and the sound at all of them was much better.  My main complaint for this place is that it's really a sports bar that has bands and most of the people seem to want to be playing pool, darts, etc instead of listening to the band.  At the Crescent and Rhythm Room since all there is to do is listen to the music it's a much better venue and experience.  On our visit there was a large group of drunk people yelling for the first half of the show playing darts. No one that worked there seemed to care that we had Paid $20 to hear the band. You would expect that more from a place that doesn't sell tickets for a show. It was unfortunate hopefully it was an isolated incident.  If you come here to hang out and are not worried about the band you'll probably have a much better time.
4	Great staff and cheap well drinks even on show nights. Saw Limousines , Mona, and Dresses for $14 which is a crazy good price for a Friday night of nationally known up and coming acts.  Laid back atmosphere and up close to performers. Located in a rundown strip mall but don't let the looks fool you it is a great scene inside.
3	Not the greatest place to see live music but I appreciate the artists they are bringing in, the low price and the ability to stand right in front of the stage.  Saw James Durbin last night.  I've seen him before and he is awesome everywhere he performs.  Thankful they let underage people in so I was allowed to take my 17 year old niece.  Speakers could use some help.
3	So, so loud. You've gotta put some effort into your yelling if you want others to hear you. It's a very small venue with the niche of a west-valley-dive-bar type of clientele--old guys listening to young guys attempt to play hard rock. Okay, the bands were okay I guess. I just don't understand how such a small crowd of people can stand there so calmly while these performers are shredding as hard as they can. There's a bar inside with all the essentials, but drinkers were definitely in the minority. This place was not very fun. But at least it was competent. Security was cool, and I could just play billiards if I got too bored with the show. Nothing about this place inspires me to return, but as a decent supporter of local arts that treated me well, I can't give it anything lower than a three.
2	So I attended That 1 Guy's Show on Saturday Feb 1st. I was so excited to go, I even talked some of my friends in attending as well. We arrived about an hour before the show was supposed to start. I was very disappointed in the price of the drinks. I could not figure out why a lot of the patrons were drinking PBR until after I ordered my beer. There was no specials going on and I was not impressed with what was in stock behind the bar. The sound was a bit muddled but all in all I am glad I went out. I would more than likely head out to this bar again to support up and coming artists, just not sure if I would waste the money on the drinks next time.
4	All hail the Kansas City Chiefs bar!!!  This place is great!  I've been coming to this place since it used to be called "The Atomic Cafe" in the 90's.  I can definitely say the remodeling looks great inside!  The drink prices are reasonable, and the entertainment has been fantastic lately.  This is a great place to see a smaller sized band perform up close.  Sometimes they even bring in larger bands in and pack the place wall to wall.  Overall, I've had some really great experiences with the new ownership and will continue to visit this bar!
1	This place ruined the Deltron show. The venues shape can't support a show this size, despite adding a second show. It's just going to be a repeat of the same problem. The sound is awful. There is nowhere to sit, which I was forced to do because the show wasn't enjoyable for the reasons stated above. The only place to sit is a solitary couch. Not kidding. WTF? This place should be banned from booking shows like this. I gave it a chance because Deltron 3030 was one of my favorite records ever released, but after experiencing it first hand, I'd rather skip the next show that comes through here, even if it's an artist I absolutely love. Thanks for nothing.
3	Came here a little while back to see Fu Manchu - the stoner rock band, that is, not the movie. This little dive on the southeast corner of Hayden and Roosevelt in a little strip mall used to be called Chaser's. Saw a few local bands there a few times back in the day - Zen Lunatics, One Foot In The Grave. One Foot In The Grave was sort of a Sun City novelty punk band about 2 decades ago when all members being over 50 was actually a novelty. Now that most punk bands from the first wave or even the hardcore years are all past 50 that novelty has long worn off. :) So the bar pretty much looks the same as it did during the Chaser's years and place had a good sized crowd - you had to squeeze your way through to get from point A to point B. Men's bathroom didn't even have a door but at least it had working toilets - no peeing in coffee cans here. Had one gin and tonic - tasted a little watery so I didn't get any more. Headliners were super loud. Like holy crap I forgot my earplugs loud. Like stop by the bookstore tomorrow and get the Sign Language For Dummies LOUD! It's ok for shows but I wouldn't come here again unless I  REALLY REALLY want to see whatever band is playing here.
4	I love the opera... It's beautiful, emotional, the seats are comfy, everyone is fancy pants-ing it up....This is not that - you came to see a kick a$$ up-and-coming band in a small, intimate venue with a few other fun folk.  So all the others bi@#%hing about this great pseudo-dive (this is not really dive) in an unassuming middle of nowhere strip mall are just plain silly.  Even parking is easy!  What more do you want?!Fancy Cocktail -- Gin and Tonic (f@#% the lime)Beer -- PBR BudweiserFood -- That'll just mess with your buzz$2 Mystery Shot -- Y NotJust bring your cash, a few friends and good times.-Enjoy
5	good people and suitable drink prices ,ain't too shabby Brown bag shots had me forgetting which was which and the bartenders are accommodating as well Looking forward to hitting this spot againCommunity of showgoers were there for the right reasons.. And acted AS a community Great vibes all around
4	Previously Chasers, I spent many of my Friday and Saturday nights at this venue. It's an odd venue, inside of a mostly empty strip mall. There is a small convenience store to the left, and a huge Jesus Christ book Store, oh and a pet shop. If someone opened a Filabertos or the like, I'm sure they'd make a killing after shows. The entry process is interesting. If you're over 21 you can go through the front door, if you're under 21 you have to walk around the building, and go in the back way. I understand all ages show with a bar can be tricky, but there has to be a better way then sending kids to walk around a building, alone, in the dark!!The drinks were reasonable, in fact so reasonable I may have over enjoyed myself, and still got out for just over 30 dollars. Chasers used to have pool tables but they're gone now. Multiple high top tables with chairs in the "bar" areas. They also have 3 big screen TVs with the live act on - so if you want to continue to drink, you can still watch the show (since it's near impossible to see the stage, because of a weird angle. That was a nice touch, otherwise I might have missed most of the show lol They bar has obviously had a face lift since chasers, but it's just missing something. Also, I think they oversold the show that night, because I was shoulder to shoulder even in the bar area. Depending on whose playing, we may go back. But it would have to be someone awesome.
