4	Welcome back to Indian School, Stacy!A couple of months ago, my roommate and I moved to a new house - super close to what used to be the purple building on Indian School. And my roommate lamented how it would have been so cool to live right across the street from Stacy's BBQ - too bad it's not there anymore. Well, happy day! I noticed Saturday morning the big Grand Opening banner on the new fascia of the building. I noticed Stacy's trailer out back. And I called my roommate to share the joy! I stopped in that afternoon with my latest dining companion - to grab a pound of brisket and side of greens to go.Newly reopened, indeed! There were no menus (not printed yet!). But the gals at the counter were super friendly,  and happy to share all that was available that day. And when Stacy peeked his head out, I was downright giddy! So happy to see him back in this spot! Happily, brisket and greens were both on the menu.The remodel improved the looks of the inside ten-fold. I am not a fan of the new outside - it looks to "clean." I love the old purple eyesore!And the food? As good as I remember. The brisket was perfect - really didn't need any sauce at all. We got the spicy sauce - which has amazing flavor and some heat - but not really spicy enough for either of us. But it was still so damn good! The companion thought he wasn't hungry. But had NO problem hoovering half the order while I did the same. (And I am leaning toward the hypothesis that any man I can happily share my beer and BBQ with is a man worth keeping around awhile.) I got to enjoy the greens on my own - and enjoy, I did! I could practically live on Stacy's greens!I am so happy Stacy is back on Indian School - my waistline and wallet are not!Don't forget the fried catfish! Totally worth it!
4	had brisket sandwich with a side of mac and cheese. the brisket alone was great but with sauce really good added flavor.
3	When Stacy Phipps opened the doors to his Indian School establishment in 2008, I was his #1 fan. Stacy catered my holiday functions, family gatherings, and weeknight dinners for the next four years. I was heartbroken to see him leave the neighborhood. I sat back and watched sadly as the quality of food suffered under new management, and as the smokehouse finally shut it's doors last year.When I found out Stacy was back, I was ecstatic! But there are some clear differences, and as much as I want to scream a five star review from the rooftops, I don't think I can just yet. As with most jilted Arcadian food lovers, he's going to have to work to earn my trust back. So today we begin with 3.5 stars, and hopefully we can work our way up.On the pro side: the interior has improved, the amazingly friendly service hasn't changed, the spicy BBQ sauce still has that HIP TANG, and they now accept plastic for payment. The brisket was decent - I'm a moist brisket lover myself, so I was thrilled with the moist pieces but turned off by the lean. Still, the flavor of the rub and the rendering of the fat was amaze. On the negative side: they microwaved my pork ribs. Like seriously. I heard a ding and saw them pull a plastic shopping bag covered dish out of the microwave. The meat was still falling off the bone and tender, but the whole Chef Mike thing didn't sit well with me, mentally. Also, I wanted fried pickles. Fried pickles are on the menu. They don't serve fried pickles. Uh, WHAT? Now, to be fair - I just returned from a five day meat fiesta in Kansas City, so I am a little more judgey than usual about my smoked meats. However, I've become accustomed to hot meat off the smoker, and because I can still get that 'round the clock at Rudy's in Chandler, I was much disappoint today at Stacy's. I get that reasonably, Stacy's is a small operation and just can't be expected to smoke meat all day and then let it sit around gathering bacteria during the slow hours, but seriously, invent some new way to microwave your meat, or do it out of customer view.
4	Good smothered chicken and yams.  Peach cobbler will make you eat your tongue. Early close by 8pm.  Good location off 51 on Indian School.
5	very good barbacue, went in and had some rib tips and hot links. Very good sauce and service.
3	For a place that's been open for a few months, I was pretty disappointed. They were out of several things (beef brisket, I mean-seriously???) Additionally I took a couple to help me discover this new heavenly haven of BBQ. The sauce was probably the best part of the meal.  We had a pulled chicken and pulled pork sandwich and I had their "famous" chicken with sweet potato fries and fried okra. Additionally, I had a coupon which they would not honor (yet) which really soured my experience. Potato salad and cole slaw were good; I have had bigger fried okra at Church's and the sweet potato fries were also just ok. There's 8-10 tables set up inside and an equal amount of parking out back. Someday I may stop back in and see what their brisket is like but, I'll give them a little more time to get better prepared. I like the glassware!!
5	Loved it! Tasted awesome & wasn't too expensive. Ordered five plates of meat (1lb each) & three sides & only payed $85! Split between 5 people, wasn't very much money! If you're in the area, give it a shot!
3	Really had high hopes for this place since Phoenix has a serious lack of good BBQ. The brisket looked good, smoke ring and all but lacked seasoning! Did someone forget? Ribs were next and looked a bit like they were baked instead of smoked and also seemed to lack a good rub. The only thing I thought was pretty good was the Mac and cheese which was pretty decent and a hint of green Chile. Hopefully Stacy will look into these quality issues and correct them. I believe they can do a lot better.
2	Bought a groupon today, $15 for 30. Went to Stacy's at lunch & had my print out. Right away the gentleman behing the tall counter asked if that was a Groupon. I said yes, then he said very rudely "Oh we aren't taking those until Monday". I said what. He said Yeah we ain't taking those till Monday. I said it doesn't say it on the Groupon. He said Yeah not till Monday. I was like are you serious, he said Yeah, that's coming from the higher up's. I chuckled and said ok. I mean if you are putting a Groupon out then you need to specify in the fine print a "start date". We ended up sitting down for lunch and two other people came in with their Groupon. They were told the same thing, also in a rude manner. One gentleman was furious and stated the same thing I said, "it doesn't say that". The food was good, as this was my first time there. I had the lunch special, pulled pork sandwhich with potato salad. BUT.... the mac & cheese was NOT worth the $4 for an 8oz size. It tasted and looked like mac & cheese out of a box, like Kraft. That was very disappointing. Will I go back? Heck yeah, to redeem my Groupon, but after that, not really.
1	I bought a groupon today and drove 20 miles to give the place a try, I was really excited about trying out the place. When I pulled out my groupon I was VERY RUDELY told they were not going to accept it. He said they were not going to take groupons until Monday? I tore up the groupon and threw it on the counter and told him I would never be back. Having some kind of issue with taking the groupon is one thing, being extremely rude about it is another. I will spend my money somewhere else!
1	I purchased a Groupon.  The RUDE women (yes, two rude women) at the counter said Groupon made a mistake and Stacy's was not accepting the coupons anymore. They told me to contact Groupon and get my money back.  (As a business owner myself, I would have used a different tactic and turned a negative situation into a positive one.)I thought about ordering anyway but they said they were out of beef ribs -- it was early afternoon.When I noticed the flies on the countertop, then I knew this was definitely not the place for me -- with or without a Groupon!
1	Does anyone else think it's weird this business keeps opening and closing at different locations?  Anyways, here's my review from when it was on 7th st and northern.Been here twice now, first time I got the ribs which were average at best but pretty expensive considering they weren't special. I went there today to get some chicken and Mac and cheese, I figured that at lunch this place would have been packed -- completely false. I was the only one ordering food and waited a good 10-15 mins before I had to ask them how much longer. Seriously, I could hear the 3 of them talking and they forgot about my order! It definitely doesn't take 15 min to get food ready.  The food is 2.5 stars at best, service is about 0 stars.  If you want good BBQ, you're much better off going somewhere else despite Stacy's appearance on tv.  Go to Joe's Real BBQ in Gilbert, good food and good service
1	I didn't even make it past the parking lot before the rude started. The catfish sign was out on the sidewalk and the open sign was lit. When I got out of my truck Stacy and a couple other people stated that the restaurant wasn't open today. There's something very strange about the way this place opens and closes. I think they are doing business with products other than BBQ at this place, IYKWIMAITYD.
1	Wow, what a major disappointment. I was so very excited about the prospects of having a decent BBQ joint near my house but alas it is not meant to be. In all fairness, the smoked chicken is spot on... That's what makes this all the more puzzling.The brisket is terrible. TERRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Worst I've ever had and I've eaten a lot of brisket. The fried pickles are suuuuuper greasy and the sides are just boring, but this is mainly about the brisket.On the first occasion, half of it was hot and the othe part was cold (obviously due to Chef Mike Rowave in the kitchen)  and it was soooooo tough I couldn't eat it. That brisket needed to be smoked at least another 5-6 hours to become the tender, juicy, falling apart in your mouth cut of meat that it should've been instead of this... this... sad, sad, sad excuse... I'm sorry cow, your death was in vain.The second occasion (yes, I decided to give them a second chance. Being from Texas, I love me my BBQ) was just as bad. I ordered the 1/2 lb of brisket and received a box of meat that looked like industrial sized rubber bands drenched in BBQ sauce. Once again the meat was sooooooo tough I couldn't eat it. Who is cooking this stuff?? Where are they getting these cows from to make this brisket, Kryptonia? Are you sure this isn't rhinoceros meat? On the third occasion.... Yeah right! "Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice... A fool can't get fooled again!" -GWBushIt looks like I'll be driving to Rudy's in Chandler from downtown Phoenix until the day that someone on this part of town learns to make a decent brisket.Stacy's... Wow, maybe I'll be back in a year or so to see if anything has improved. I certainly won't take any of my family from Texas there unless I want them to make fun of me for the rest of my life for trying to pass this off as "good BBQ".Go for the chicken and nothing more. Seriously, nothing more...
1	Don't eat here. We found this place through a Living Social deal. In looking up the place online before we went, I found the bad reviews here. Based upon the one positive review from March of 2014 I unfortunately ignored them. Don't be like me, don't give this place a chance. We visited at 6:30 on a Saturday, their hours said they closed at 9:00. We waited a very long time for our food, only to have most of hit served cold. Obviously they just can't afford to keep food hot and ready to go, and re-heat pre-cooked food as it's ordered.  The Living Social deal that brought us to the place to begin with was not honored, as it's 'under new management'. Someone took the money from that deal and sold the restaurant. it was adding insult to injury to pay full price for a meal that we could not eat. The waitress felt really bad about the fact we could not eat the food, but her only way of helping us was to offer us more food as a freebie - that was not something we had any interest in accepting.  I'm guessing this place will close pretty soon. It deserves to. But until it does, with so many wonderful eateries in the Phoenix area, I would pass this one by. It's bad.
4	Great fast food BBQ as i think of it. Nice sweet sauce and moist pulled pork.   Ribs meat feel right off the bones and wasn't too fatty. Didn't care for the coleslaw but I feel coleslaw is such a personal thing I wouldn't say it was bad. Just not my style. Very House of Cards local BBQ.
2	When this was Stacey's, a little bright purple BBQ haven on Indian School, we loved it. Every time we ate here it was better than the last time.So now they're "under new management,"  and while the name "Stacey" still shows up here and there, it's definitely not the same anymore.  It's painted a plain beige and the interior is fancier -- but the new management needs to get their act together.The "Living Social" deal is not being accepted. Don't go expecting your special deal. There is no longer a large menu written up on a blackboard. You have to worm your way through the very tight interior to the five-foot-tall counter and read the little printed menu. About half of it is blacked over, showing how much is no longer available that used to be served.The service is painfully, distressingly slow. While the beef brisket I had was pretty decent (the sauce is still pretty good), I received it on a plain plate without my side (fries), a cold bun, and  no napkins. I had already finished my soda because we'd waited so long, and no refill was offered, nor did the server ask if we wanted or needed anything else.There was no air conditioning. Fortunately, it was "only" 101 when we went.My regular fries and my dinner-mate's sweet potato fries were received AFTER we'd finished our sandwiches. The sweet potato fries were cold, while the regular fries were hot. No ketchup or other dipping sauces were offered. The only thing on the table were salt and pepper.We waited after our dinners were finished for more than half an hour for our bill, which finally we went to the counter to get, as the single waiter kept going back and forth past us to help other people. It was not itemized, so we had to guess at divvying it up--when we agreed to combine our bill for their convenience!I'm sorry to see this come to this state, since we really, really, REALLY need a good BBQ place in Central Phoenix. I think someone cursed Central Phoenix in that every time we've had a good BBQ place shows up, something has always happened to close them or destroy them, as has happened here.It's not Stacey's anymore -- and Central Phoenix is back to waiting for good BBQ.
5	They cooked for my church for 400 people outstanding customer service! Outstanding product! I was so impressed with Cindy and Paul!!!
