4	Has Beans is a cute wee tea and coffee house on Canongate that serves up generous helpings of sandwiches, soup and salads.It's designed like a wee tea emporium much in the style of old tea rooms. Its old fashioned, demure decor is very fitting with the polite, welcoming service you receive.The food in here is kept simple, but is done very well. The soup is homemade and although their menu isn't the biggest this side of Edinburgh, quality over quantity prevails. The fillings for sandwiches, such as coronation chicken and even the simple cheddar cheese are very more-ish.It's a nice place for lunch, but a must if you're stopping for a quick brew. They have a selection of fine teas, including ceylon, and their Kenyan blend coffee is award winning! You can see why if you get a cup. For tip top customer service, lovely ,Victorian inspired surroundings and a delicious high tea experience, Has Beans is simply delightful, and a treat for tourists and locals alike!
4	As Marj has already mentioned, Has Beans is a very cute cafe located at the bottom end of the Royal Mile.It's always busy whenever I've been in and whenever I pass by and with the good quality beverages, light bites and cakes on offer, it isn't surprising.They have a great selection on their menu and everything is very reasonably priced, given that so many cafes and bistros on the Royal Mile are complete tourist trap places with prices to match.Has Beans offers excellent surroundings and it's a great place to while away an afternoon over a pot of tea.
4	As a bit of a Has Bean myself, I feel an instant sense of rapport with this Canongate cafe. It's not the swishest or flashiest place in town, but has a homely tea room feel far removed from the general grottiness that dominates further up the road.To be fair, if they had managed to get a tuna sarnie and chocloate muffin wrong, something serious would have to have been amiss, but everything was well in order, so a solid four stars it is.
4	It's been a while since I visited Has Beans (I feel like there is a killer pun in there somewhere), having partaken in a delicious earl grey while waiting on my tattooist (on the opposite side of the high street). At that time, I chatted with the owner about his cafe, learned about the Edinburgh blend which I believe he made himself, and generally fell in love with the place. A place that I would seize an opportunity to return to. Have to support local businesses, especially when you have one as charming as this. Yesterday, I revisited my earl grey (brewed in a cafetiere - love the idea, must steal it) days, and added to it a vegetarian haggis toastie. Darned filling, I rolled out of there feeling satisfied after a boozy afternoon of wine tasting. There was also an extremely tempting-looking almond polenta cake with lemongrass syrup... I mean, doesn't that sound delicious to you? It did to me, but I was too full of haggis to find out. Next time!
1	This tea/coffee house looks quite quaint from the outside and it looked full of promise. Inside is nice enough but i wasn't impressed. The two cakes me and my son had were warmed up i think to mask the dryness of them i had a coffee cake slice and my son had a chocolate muffin these cakes don't need heated up we had soft drinks and my friend had a coffee. Don't think i'll be trying again and oh the staff seemed kind of awkward not really that friendly although the owner himself seemed very nice!
4	Comfortable, convenient and friendly. We really enjoyed the Mediterranean breakfast. Coffee was good, the tea was served in a french press. Nice view of the street.
4	Whilst exploring the wonderful sights of Edinburgh, a spot of lunch and a pit stop was required. Unfortunately the cafe that had been recommended to me, was shut over the festive period so I decided to pop into this cafe / bistro instead which was close by. The cafe was nice and quiet with only three other customers, so getting a table and ordering some lunch wasn't a problem.I was warmly greeted by the waitress who immediately showed me to a table. I knew what I wanted to order straight away, as the menus are stuck on the windows to entice customers in. I ordered an avocado salad and a glass of water (was feeling health conscious after the Christmas indulgence!). I didn't have to wait long for my salad to arrive which was also served with brown seeded bread.The salad was lovely although I felt there could have been more variety of vegetables - i.e adding cucumber and spring onions would have been nice additions. Unfortunately too much vinaigrette was added to the salad which meant the salad leaves were dripping in oil. What a shame. Hence why a star is lost for his review. Would I return again? Yes I would as the service was great and there are plenty of food and drink options.
