1	Ok, I know banks are banks.  They all have their policies, and you're just sort of stuck with them.  I don't bother to switch because really, they're all the same.  And to be honest, I've had pretty good luck with US Bank.  But this branch in particular has gone out of their way so many times to make things difficult.  Today I went in to deposit a check.  US Bank's policy is to hold all but $100 of your deposit (unless it's cash) for 3 days.  Knowing this, I always cash my check first, then deposit the cash.  It already makes no sense to me that they will allow me to take the cash, but if I put the check in, they have to hold it.  "In case the check bounces", they tell me.  Well if you already gave me the cash, and the check bounces, aren't you in even worse shape?  I've got the cash, you've got a bad check.   I worked at a bank, and I understand the point of holding a deposit.  If the check comes back bad tomorrow, they will not be out one dime, because the funds are on lockdown in my account and they'll simply remove them.  But CASHING the check leaves them completely defenseless, so why would they agree to cash it if ?  But whatever.  It takes more time and makes them work more, but if this roundabout method works, then fine, I'll do it.Today though, I was told I was not allowed to cash the check and redeposit the cash.  "The check could be bad".  Then why are you willing to give me the cash?  "I'm sorry, I cannot cash this check and allow you to redeposit the cash".  Ok, can I deposit it and have all funds available immediately?  "No, it will be on hold for 3 working days".  Can you just cash it?  "Sure".  So she cashed it, and gave it all to me.  I can't stop scratching my head over this. I said, "ok, I have this cash you just gave me.  I have this deposit slip in my hand.  Are you going to refuse to take this deposit of CASH MONEY?"  Yes, yes they did refuse.  I did some shopping, and came back again.  "I'd like to make a deposit".  They would not take my cash, to put into my account.I realize this review is a bit of a personal bitchfest, but just in case you're looking to switch banks, or already use US Bank, don't ever, ever go to this branch.  I've never had a simple transaction go smoothly there.  Go to 7th St. and McDowell, because they could give a flying rat's ass what you want to do there and are always nice.
1	This is a review of US Banks in general. As a bank goes, I find them to be very disappointing and frustrating. I can't tell you how many times I've had to inform them about faulty ATMs and the numerous account fees. I finally decided to close my account and cashed out the last 12 dollars I had in the account. The teller promised he would take care of the closing fee as I could not afford them. he took care of it all right...by sending me a bill for 30 dollars.After this experience I decided it was less trouble simply to cash my checks at liquor stores.
2	If they are only going to have two people work Saturday they need to have one person open a new account and the other person only do withdrawals and deposits. Ridiculous wait times!
