5	So after spending Thursday night mostly walking around St. Laurent and St. Crescent going into a couple of smallish venues, I wander into this place and found the coolest scene I've been to since Therapy in Providence.  Very good Techno and House music, very reasonable drink prices, a crowd that actually mostly just wants to dance!   So right away I dive in and its not too crowded, the place is'nt very big, but on this trip I noticed that the biggest club they used to have has burned down and all the other ones are medium sized now, so by present day standards, this is probably one of the biggest.  It never gets too crowded and I left at my usual early one AM and finally felt like I found a home.  Its really interesting how the people who like Techno and House tend to not be too aggressive with the women, who just want to dance for dancing sake, oh yeah this club was the closest thing to a rave, which ironically is something I have never been to.  The closest thing to this place that I can remember is someplace in some strip mall off of the big highway that goes from the West to the East in the Northeast part of Montreal,  I think ten years ago when I was here by myself I went to, that place was very big and might have been called Millinenium or something.  This will be the first place I go to on my next trip!
2	The sound here is never what it needs to be, always distorted and unclear. Plus I have had nothing but poor experiences with bouncers and coat check (sometimes doubling as both). I shall not be returning.
4	I visited le Belmont to see !!! perform and I was pleasantly surprised. My only previous experience had been walking by the lineups of people waiting to get in Saturday nights, so I didn't know what to expect. Not huge, but quite nicely sized for a concert venue. The acoustics were decent. I really appreciated that there was a mezzanine that included booths, so we could choose between standing/dancing in the crowd, or chilling sitting down. The bar is tucked in the back of the space, underneath the mezzanine. My only complaint is that the sound booth wasn't really a booth, it was just  a table set up on the dancefloor, but I guess that's more a complaint the sound guy should be making, and not me (I get paranoid someone is going to dance right into it).  I will keep my eyes peeled for future shows here.
3	This place is ok but it's not for me.The drinks are well priced and cheap and there's enough space to go around to socialize and stuff but the type of people who go here are not my kinda crowd.It seems to be quite a few posersome here to check out rap shows here and this place screams wannabe gangsters on certain nights and way too many young people here.I only go to this bar on rap nights.
