5	It took me until this year (my fourth year living in Edinburgh) to get around to going to Greens Deli. I mean, it's not because I never wanted to, but because I'd only ever heard rumour of its existence, and people never tended to elaborate on what they served there. They just tended to see you gotta get there early, or there won't be any ingredients left. So, one day, I did. Greens Deli is the typical kind of student foody place to go. It's right next to the George Square library and the other abominable buildings that the university has built around George Square, and where it educates its students. This means that around 1, the place is packed with really hungry kids. The fillings are really delicious, and the price is OK for how good it is. I don't know of any other sandwich place that has roasted courgettes AND aubergines AND peppers as fillings. And the honey mustard sauce is delicious. One warning, though. If you go here and decide to take your panini or wrap out to the park to eat (or wherever), be careful or you definitely will get covered in sauce.
3	There are a lot of places around George Sq. for students to pick up sandwiches and paninis for lunch. These places seem to really have exploded in recent years (that is in numbers, they haven't all combusted), taking advantage of less people making their own lunch (which will presumably change in these troubled times). Unfortunately that means that a lot of them turn out to be much of the same.A friend recommended this place to me after I complained about the above. I have to say I was reasonably satisfied with my visit. Greens Deli does do much of the same thing, but the quality is above standard. There selection of tortillas and paninis are a bit more exciting that the usual norm. The place itself seems clean and hygienic and the staff friendly enough. I wasn't too pleased about the price, but I expected this. All of these snack deli joints seem to end up costing over a fiver for lunch, which considering what else you get for that or just a little more at a restaurant, leaves me wishing I had made my own sandwiches.
