3	Very nice and comfy place to hangout with friends while drinking coffee. They are open late if not 24 hrs. It's one of the best places in the downtown area to work/hangout late nights.
3	Cute little place to get iced coffee near my hotel. Friendly employees. My only complaints were no Equal (sugar or sweet n lo only) and no fresh fruit!
4	Great central location (right next to Reuben's), open 24 hours, free Wifi, huge seating area...what else could you ask for in a coffee shop?Well, good coffee I suppose.  The bold tastes like old coffee to me.  I am not coffee aristocrat, so don't jump down my throat.  I suggest the flavor of the day for you "I only want to look cool while getting caffeine" drinkers.
5	The atmosphere is amazing you can relax grab a nice coffee and a tasty sandwich with dessert. Def beats Starbucks and Tim Horton's!  Oh and of course the FAST and complimentary WiFi is always reliable.
5	It was in the evening that our tour group arrived in Montreal. By the time we got ourselves organized and divided into hotel rooms, it was already past dinner time. My mom and I decided to relax a bit before heading out in search of food. Not knowing the area and not having any access to the Internet -- the free wifi in the hotel lobby failed me -- we wandered the streets, not able to make a decision. My mom wasn't too hungry anyway and her stomach had been bothering her. We finally went into this Second Cup and I checked out what they had to offer.I decided on a chicken caesar wrap that the employee ringing me up kindly warmed up. I also got a bottle of Sprite and a rice crispy treat (mom wanted something sweet).I asked for a plastic or paper cup so that we could share the soda; the employee informed me that it would cost fifty cents and asked me if I'd like a mug instead. I thanked her and she handed me a large mug -- filled with ice! WHAT?! That's awesome!The wrap was good. The chicken was completely shredded, which I thought was odd, but it tasted good nonetheless. It reminded me of rillettes :)The rice crispy treat was nice and chewy, and very marshmallowy!We sat in the spacious seating area, where people were dining, chatting away, or working on their laptops (free wifi!). If I were in the area on business and needed to work late I'd most likely hit up Second Cup for the 24h convenience, the tasty food, the great service, and the free wifi. Well done.
3	Should be 3.5 stars. I'm somewhat surprised with the reviews saying it is a best place in town and giving it 3 stars...Anyway, stopped there for breakfast - I guess it was a mistake, as while I was expecting all the sandwiches to be made on the spot, they were pre-made and only heated up. English muffin was very soggy after that heating up...Coffee was ok, but not great - I have higher expectations for coffee in French Canada.I guess it is a good place if you need WiFi and place to work, but I can't recommend it as a food place.
5	The frozen hot chocolate here is awesome awesome awesome.  Something about the Canadian whipped cream....it's just delicious.  They have a ton of seating and free wifi so it's a perfect place to relax after a long day of tourist walking.  I forgot the name of the drink since it's in French but it did have the word chocolate in it and it was on the right hand side of the menu.  This is my first review out of the NYC five boroughs so you know it has to be good!
4	Second stop on my first night in Montreal (but First Cup. ha ha).  I didn't realize it was a chain coffee shop, until later in my trip - but nonetheless, this is a lovely place for a cup of nice espresso and fantastic selection of pastries (and cheesecake galore).  I figured hey.. let's go for a cappuccino, although typically I'd run for a latte.  Maybe I thought a cappuccino was more French, in my sleeplessness from the travels.  Anytime after 2pm, and it'll be decaf.  Yeah, blasphemous, but I don't like to please the insomniac in me.  I asked if the pastries are made there, and he said no.  But there were a bunch of these mini loaf cakes in a jar up front.  They looked perfect and cozy.  "Almond shortcake"...  sold.  Let me tell you, it was one of the best desserts I've had.  Barely sweet, very buttery, and moist as can be.  My kind of dessert.  I almost went back on my final day to pick up a bag of just these.  Prices are reasonable, and probably $6-7 (I forget exactly).  Great seating up front to catch the view of passers by, heading to and away from Crescent St.Although it's a chain, I think it's limited to Canada.  Not sure.  If you want a decaf that doesn't taste decaf, and a nice selection of something sweet that isn't necessarily homemade but still quite yummy, give it a try.
4	Second Cup really makes me want to go back for seconds. I am wary of chain coffee shops, namely Starbucks. Nevertheless, Second Cup is the exception. It is laid out similarly to Starbucks but it is much more creative and has more variety of food and beverages. I had their mochachino with skim milk and it is made with dark chocolate and espresso. It is so rich I cannot even tell it is actually skim milk. My husband also got a cup of chocolate with mint latte and it is as good as it gets. People are hanging out in the cafe and they have a wide selection of sandwiches, cakes, and desserts. I wish I had a chance to return!
3	My first time at Second Cup and  my friend and I both ordered the white hot chocolate - it was delicious!  I was super pleased with this selection!  The downfall, I paid with US dollars and somehow my bill of $7.64 CDN turned into almost $10. with the exchange rate!?!  Huh???  I inquired and was told that it was correct and that their registers are updated each day with the exchange rate and it is correct... I knew it couldnt be, so came back to the hotel and looked up the exchange rate - buyers beware if you are paying with USD and use your credit card instead, I didnt on this one transaction because it was so small, but lesson learned.....
4	Ok, I mean...its a chain. Kind of like Starbucks. I've had tea and iced tea here and wasn't disappointed by the product or service. Not really much else to say I guess.
4	This place means business, strong smell of roasted coffee in the air, people eating late night snacks, a great selection of anything java or non java to tempt your senses!
3	Being on St. Catherine, this location is always going to be packed and noisy. They have a decent selection of sandwiches if you need more than java, but the bacon, egg and cheese muffin tasted like something you'd get out of the freezer section and microwave at home. Not exactly worth $3.75 plus tax.
4	great place confortable and relax, but the music is too LOUUUUDDDD
4	New favorite coffee place! They rival Peets in California and Dutch Bros. in Portland, and that is saying something! Super smooth frapps and delicious honey milk tea (which I have only ever been able to find in boba shops). Highly recommend this place, its totally worth the price, and honestly its not much more than nasty old Starbucks.However, this particular location it's pretty packed and busty.
4	I loved Second Cup!  When I leave the US I vow to stay away from Starbucks and Second Cup made this not only possible, but quite enjoyable!  Prices are high (but everything is higher in Canada!), but the coffee is rich and the carrot cake here is fluffy and rich but not too sweet or heavy!  Also, I can't forget to mention the free wifi access if you are a tourist that does't want to rack up roaming charges :)
4	First time in Montreal, so I decided to walk around the Downtown area...then, I decided to walk in this shop.  SO glad I did!!!  Just fell in love with this shop's coffee...they'll rival many of the shops back home in Dallas, Texas where I'm from.  :)
4	Really cool place to hang out and/or to study because it's open 24hours and has comfortable seating area and good snacks! I used to spend so much time here back in the days :)
4	Great espresso.
5	Cafe opened 24/7 in Downtown Montreal.  Free Wi-Fi!! Great place to stop by for some coffee, espresso, lattes, whatever you may fancy. Free Wi-fi available so you can share your check in on Yelp and facebook. Lots of seating inside and a few outdoors.  Made this a quick pit stop during the bachelor party trip.  Beats the starbucks next door which was closed at 12am.
4	Conveniently located, free wifi, friendly and helpful staff and delicious desserts! Loved the cheesecake with raspberries (not a cooked cheesecake so it was apparently lighter than their other options, but it was deliciously creamy and I can only imagine how heavy and creamy their other cheesecakes must be!) and a lovely chocolate mousse tart. Absolutely to die for.
4	Spacious coffeeshop with very convenient hours and comfortable seating that is perfect for getting work done or whatever it is you actually do on your laptop. The wifi is free and  fast.  I also like the location in the busy Sainte-Catherine area downtown as it's in the heart of the shopping district. Great for people watching. The staff is cordial and the coffee is decent.  If you're visiting/leaving Montreal and need a place to kill some time, this Second Cup location is a good bet!
5	We really enjoyed the coffee and food here.She really enjoyed the decaf, I enjoyed the regular. We also enjoyed the falafel wrap they had.We had breakfast there four days in a row (took sandwiches from other locations in as well).
1	MOMS BEWARE - in fact, anyone concerned for their health ought to steer clear of this Second Cup and the one at Square Phillips, since they use a highly dangerous cleaning substance improperly. I was handed a cloth to wipe up coffee which spilt all over my skirt due to the barista's clumsiness in overfilling it (it was spilling down the sides under the lid which she put on) and the cleaning product on the cloth ate through the material of my skirt in a matter of seconds! Perfectly diluted it should be safe, but the risky way in which it's being misused by poorly trained employees makes it super dangerous - there are lots of Poison Control warnings on the label!! - even clothing which comes in contact with the product must be carefully washed before rewearing. I wouldn't want my children eating / touching anything at Second Cup, nor my friends or family. I personally won't ever set foot in there again.Needless to say the horrifically incompetent customer service refused to replace the skirt their employee destroyed.
1	Not review for this location.The bathroom was so gross and small. GROSSSSSS! I thought I would give local coffee a support. Too disappointed!
