5	I'm really surprised no one has reviewed this yet.  This place is great and the people that work here really know their wine. Lee's Discount Liquor is all fine and dandy but: 1) they don't know their wine as well as these guys; 2) Khoury's will bend over backwards to find you the right wine; 3) Free wine tastings (Wednesdays at the Durango location and Thursday at the Eastern location); and 4) we need to support true neighborhood liquor stores - all the tourists know about Lee's and they will do just fine.
5	Khoury's Fine Wine and Spirits is the best wine shop in Las Vegas.  They have a great selection of boutique wines, small production, and high quality wines.  I went into the store not planning on buying anything, and found many very unique, and interesting wines to buy.  Anyone who knows their wine will love this shop, and will also get along well with the owners of the store.  I had a long conversation with Issa Khoury about different experiences in Napa Valley we have had.  If you live in Las Vegas and you enjoy wine, you should go into Khoury's and ask them to suggest some wines they enjoy.
5	I'm a big Khoury's fan. I think it's because it has that Mom & Pop feel while still providing an incredible selection of spirits to satisfy all tastes. I believe they have two locations. This one just happens to be closest to my house.Every time I go in there, I am greeted warmly. And when I check out, I always get useful information on what I just purchased or advice on other things to try. In other words, the staff at Khoury's know their liquor!Bonus 1-up info: They typically have free wine tasting on Wednesday evenings from 6-8pm. I've only been once though. What's wrong with me?
3	This store has very good customer service. As soon as I walked in I was greeted with a smile and asked if they could help me find anything. Unfortunately, they have a limited selection and higher prices compared to Total Wine or Lee's. They don't even carry my favorite sake and plum wines, like the other places do. For the same lambic they charge a couple bucks more as well. When I go to a liquor store, I usually already know exactly what I am looking for. Therefore, the most important features to me are selection (that they stock what I want to buy) and price. Once they address those areas, I will be happy to return.
