4	I nipped in here for a wee browse last week and it really is crammed to bursting. Most charity shops only have a couple of second hands videos/DVD's but they literally have hundreds here all very well organised and easy to browse. To be fair, if you go to somewhere like Fopp or HMV you will probably get brand new ones for cheaper but I guess you're getting a reasonably cheap item plus you're giving to a good cause so if you're feeling in a giving mood maybe head here.They had a great selection of clothes and if you take the time to browse I'm sure there's lots of pretty items just waiting to be uncovered. They also have an extensive range of knick knacks and I had my eye on a candle holder shaped like an old flip flop, one of the funniest designs I've ever seen, I'm surprised the original owner could bear to part with it.
4	The British Heart Foundation charity store, located on a street full of charity shops, manages to stand out because of its impressive window display of the latest items available in the store. This shop is literally packed with everything you can expect from DVDs to clothes to books and bric-a-brac. As with all charity shops it's ideal to browse, and best if you aren't looking for something particular or else have a vague idea of what you want (i.e a white t shirt for a dress up). The prices are not the lowest on the street but it's still worth a browse around and in both cases that I have been in here the staff have been super friendly!
4	I mean, nobody is ever going to slag off a charity store in a review anyway, but if they do it certainly wont be this one they are talking about.In a prime location along Nicholson Street, this place stands out simply because of its bright red window, crammed with lots and lots of stuff - it certainly draws your eye in, and I challange you not to want to go for a quick browse. When you do get in side, you will find that this place has something of just about everything - clothes, cd's, dvd's, books, and various other bits and bobs that you know you dont really need but want.A great place to come for a quick shop, especially if you want a new book or dvd - and all the money goes to a great place!
4	Being quite the fan of charity shopping, I am especially enamoured with this one.Packed fit to burst with clothing of all descriptions, loads of jewellery hanging neat and tidy in a corner and with a cracking book selection, you can't go wrong.The staff are really friendly, it's always full of enthusiastic shoppers and you can find some very reasonably priced and like-new high street items. You almost forget that it's a charity shop since it's full of so much good quality clothing, but then when you remember you can give yourself a pat on the back for treating yourself to a nice t-shirt.
