4	Another one of my finds thanks to my time spent at IP's poker room. The lunch special is what got our attention, actually -- a giant slice of yummy pizza (don't get two slices unless you've an appetite of pro-football star proportions) for just a couple bucks. It's a teeny-tiny little Italian restaurant, with checkerboard tabletops and comfy booths. The service is fast and friendly. I tend to catagorize it in my mind of being strictly a pizza joint, but the menu is actually much more extensive than that. They serve a chicken Caesar sandwich that's pretty good, though I vaguely remember the chicken being of the McNugget variety. They do have a little salad bar which offers plenty of tasty veggies and a couple meats, and a low-fat Italian dressing that I honestly can't taste the low-fattiness. It's thick and flavorful, just as it should be.
1	Oh, no Oh, no no no no no. You know those rare occurences when you go to a restaurant, sit down, peruse the menu and settle for something, even though it wasn't what you really wanted?You know those odd times when you get the food put in front of you and from the first bite you know immediately something is tasting wrong, doesn't taste very good at all actually, but yet you keep eating anyway?Ever had it happen where an hour after you finish the meal you know you had no business eating you feel like your insides are fighting back from the absolute toxic nastiness you have forced upon your body?Yeah....you know exactly what I am talking about.  Ghostly bile is forming in your throat now as you remember a meal just like this. Pizza Palace may have turned me off of calzones for life. ...other than that the service was decent and the decor was expected Vegas-themery.  The prices seemed a little high for the horrid sludge they put in front of you but then again I don't usually like to pay to be sick to my stomach.
4	An Italian restaurant in a Chinese casino?  It's just like North Beach, then!  Our quest for Chinese food took us to the Imperial Palace, but the Italian restaurant inside turned out to be perfect for us.  It was decorated like an Italian wine cellar, with the tuns of wine in the walls, old columns, the barrel vaulted ceiling.   Like we were deep inside a hillside.  Brick walls exposed through plaster finish.  A mural of Venice, for some reason.  It reminded me that everything on The Strip is a copy of something else.  The pizza was great.  The menu had all kinds of Italian food, and it was a very pleasant experience.  Dinner for two came to about $35.
4	The waitresses were really nice, despite the fact that we had to wait 10 minutes to order our to-go. The pasta was delicious and exceptionally cheap ( $14 +). I ordered the seafood fettucini alfredo, and there was plenty of scallops, shrimps, and clams. I wouldn't mind dining here again.
2	Given that the Pizza Palace is located at the Imperial Palace, I wasn't expecting much. I came here because it was convenient and quick or so I thought. The format was quite interesting. It shared a bar with 2 other restaurants, so the servers had to walk outside the restaurant to go get our drinks, which took forever.Food: 2.5/stars1) Combo pizza - vegetarian pizza with pepperoni and sausage. One of the greasiest pizzas I've ever had. The crust was burnt to the point where I could use it to knock someone out. 2) Sicilian-style fries - 4/5 Stars These are garlic parmesan fries. Awesome. Only good thing here.Service: 2/5 StarsThe service was horrible. It took forever to progress through each phase of our dining experience (getting seated, ordering drinks, appetizers, and entrees). The server did stop by several times, but only to tell us that she'll be right there.  She'll stop by again and say, your waters are coming. She'll stop by again and say your drinks will be ready.
5	I am surprised at the negative reviews on this  restaurant.  My sister and I went here last Saturday, ( Nov. 25,2011) right before the Janet Jackson concert. I had had coupons for the buffet , but they were not being honored as it is Holidays.  So.. we saw a sign for Pizza Palace.  Me being one to NEVER turn down Pizza ( or lasagna for that matter). we were game.  Now, the only thing was, we were in a hurry to get to the concert on time. ( we should have stayed longer cos she didn't go on until 10PM).  We get in there and its got ambiance- good music (top 40s  from the 80s - super points)., dim lighting as well. The  oven in back was doing it's thing, because it smelled so good.  So, we order. Now, service was a  little slow, but our waitress was nice and  wasn't crowded either.  We got our menus and quickly ordered a whole pepperoni pizza and half of it had jalapenos ( for my sister *cough cough* not for me).. We had the special: a ten inch  pizza and  a pitcher of beer. ( I had a Sprite). The soft drink was tasty and refreshing. Our waitress was pleasant and answered our questions.      We waited for the pizza  hoping it'd be out fast. I was like" this better be good"   Low and behold, it was soooooooooooooo good. And not just because we were hungry.. I love  pizza with  a robust sauce.  Not only did it have full flavor that  I could savor, but it also had crispy pepperonis!!  POINTS !!!  It's like they had the magic oven. it was perfect. Not to greasy and the  dough was not too thick. OH MAN!  We each had 4 slices. We wanted more, but we were  needing to leave to get across the street to Ceaser's.    I  have to tell you: the place was clean. the food came hot, and  it was not a let down in the  least.  I also have to say, i have been dreaming about going back to this place since I left. I will be back and I am bringing friends!  Its a small place, but enough that you can definitely bring people and have a really nice time.   What did we pay you ask? I'll tell ya; for all that we got our bill was about  $22 :-) so worth it too!  I would suggest this to anyone that loves a good meal and has time to sit down and eat.  :)  P.S. The Janet Jackson concert was really good too :-)
5	Excellent service! Waitresses were very nice. Pizza was delicious, nice crispy crust, flavorful, and the wings were great too. Not greasy or too breaded. I'll be coming here my next trip!!
