4	When it comes to Filipino food and baked goods, only one restaurant comes to mind..... Goldilocks! To many people, Goldilocks is a storybook character that wanders into the houses of some bears....but to fans of filipino baked goods, only one bakeshop comes to mind. GOLDILOCKS!Living out in Henderson, there are not very many choices for filipino food nor a place to pick up the essentials of pan de sal and ensaymada. But low and behold.... there is a Goldilocks bakery located just off the 215-Eastern!! No longer does one that lives on this side of town have to trek down to Goldilocks on Maryland parkway! We have it all right here! And they even have a small selection of hot items such as pork adobo available throughout the day as well.
4	When I have time I try to treat myself to some Goldilocks before heading back to LA.  There's one in LA but it's not near where I live, so I try to get my halo-halo fix in Henderson.  Lots of traditional Filipino pastries, plus they do cakes for birthdays, weddings, and other special occassions.  Try the sweet banana chips, boat tarts, chicharon, fresh pastillas (milk and sugar candies), mamon (fluffy French sponge cake), cassava cake, and my favorite, flan.Life is incomplete without Filipino treats and Goldilock's is a great place to try them.
5	I love the little Filipino woman with the brightsmile on her face!  she's very welcoming and helpful when I come in here.  it's a small shop with all the yummy pastries and food goldilocks is known for.   there are only like 2 tables to eat at.. so it's not a full on restaurant, but they do sell lunch and dinner foods.
2	I love the idea of Goldilocks.  A Filipino bakery in my neighborhood provides accessibility and instant satisfaction of sugar cravings with a Southeast Asian bend that bound to haunt me on late weeknights, when a drive to Chinatown is so undesirable.  I remember being overcome with immediate joy when my fiance told me about the place, scents of cassava cake, red bean buns, and coconut bread rolls stirring up sweet memories in my brain.  I venture to say that my imagination is overzealous when it comes to desserts, being that I consider a perfect world to contain cupcakes as their own perfect food group.  And with any imagination programmed to run overtime, a certain amount of disappointment in reality is not surprising.  This is the case with Goldilocks.I've visited the bakery a couple of times, and gotten a variety of baked goods and breads.  To say that the raisin bread is light is a nice way of putting it, if lightness means no actual content and enjoyment of consumption.  The cassava cake is stale (which is puzzling since it's already refrigerated).  I was somewhat delighted to find that the mocha cake roll comes with a list of ingredients, only to discover half of these ingredients were artificial (a second puzzle of a neighborhood bakery that seems to be family-operated).I probably will not go back to Goldilocks, due to a state of ambivalence.  I secretly hold hopes for the desserts, they may be very tasty.  But if I try them and they turn out like the others, I may have to give the bakery one star, which will undoubtedly make me quite sad.
1	i USED TO  love Goldilocks.  But the quality of the service and foods have gone downhill.  I guess you can say the baked goods will always be good...esp if there is a recipe they have to follow in all establishment.  Mostly I was disappointed in this particular place on Eastern.  The one girl...she was ok but didn't really look like or seem like she knew what she was doing there.  The other lady seemed like you were bothering her and didn't know how to smile.  I wanted a small container of dinuguan.  Just small, by itself and nothing else.  In order to get a small container I would have to get a combo or buy a big container.  I did not want to get a combo or esp a giant serving of dinuguan.  She said that was the only way they sell it.  THAT WAS REALLY DUMB!  So...that's one business they just lost.  QUALITY.....it's all about quality.
4	I came here hoping to find something new and different. nope. They have the same items that the bakeries back at home have, the other Goldilocks locations t hat is. They have lots of roll cakes, ube items, etc. I think that the quality has gone down a bit, based on my experience here. But, things are still presented nicely, packaged in such a way that they are gift appropraite, etc. There are so few tables here, however, that they probably hope that you will take out only. There are some workers here that remind me of my friend's mothers, so polite, so friendly, so willing to help you. The red bean buns are a family favorite, along with the cassava cake. We picked up a few items here before visiting family. They were so happy to see the treats that we had brought them. Really, somehow, I was hoping to find something new. But, at the least, I'm glad that they still had a lot of the favorites that I enjoy at the locations back at home.
4	This goldilocks is more of a stop and shop kinda place. You get what you need and go. Of course when coming to goldilocks, you gotta get the special mamon & their ensaymada. The last time I came here I got their Fresh Lumpia which hit the spot, it was great! For dessert I didn't turn to the bakery I got Halo Halo which was phenomenal (cosmic power)! Their halo halo had ube ice cream, leche flan, pinipig, the whole nine yard! The staff is great too, very friendly, & very helpful. If you live closer to this one and is just looking for the baked good, this is the place to go.
4	halo halo and ensaymada baby! salamat.
4	Delicious Halo-halos! My friend (she's from PR) tried it for the first time and loved it. It's nowhere near the strip, but it's worth it to pick up some yummy snacks.It was a bitch trying to get a cab back to our hotel, though.
