5	it's literally PARADISE. I'm obsessed with it. If i ever move to arizona, the only reason would be to be closer to paradise bakery. I go to arizona once or twice a year to visit family who live in Scottsdale and honestly all i really care about is coming here to get my banana chocolate chip muffin. I'm obsessed with muffins, and finally i found the perfect muffin on the planet.All of the other ones are great as well, and so are all of the breads and sandwiches. Actually, basically everything is delicious. And it's a gorgeous looking bakery. man, i hope i'm going to Arizona soon.
3	This is better than average mall food, and I love the cookies and muffins. There oughta be a yellow caution tape around the establishment, though, because its ultra-centralized location forces way too many cream cheese brownie breaks and those clothes I'm trying on are not gonna fit me after all. I do have to wonder if the portions for salads and sandwiches are getting smaller. A customer next to me griped about it to the cashier, and lo and behold, my tasty pasta salad was a little on the chintzy side.
4	Stopped in here for a snack, so I'm only reviewing based on their cookies.The place reminds me of a Panera Bakery for some reason. We went in to get a snack and we saw the nibblers? or whatever you call the small cookies. oatmeal choc chip and choc cookie with white choc chips. These little cookies were awesome. We only ordered a dozen but we somehow ended up with over 20, the worker just didnt care of felt nice. I also asked for two white choc macadamia large cookies. Much later, I was disappointed to learn they had given me peanut butter cookies. disgusting..so the extra cookies and the cookie swap cancel each other out and I am not upset.
5	Best place in the food court, hands down.Great service, superior food and AM-A-ZING cookies!  (It's true..they really are.)Being that I work in the mall, it's my go-to spot for a Diet Coke or a little 3pm pick-me-up. Free refills too, which is a nice little perk. They've always got a line (especially Fri-Sun), so make sure you know what to order by the time you get to the register. I highly recommend the Tomato Basil pasta salad, the black & white Chippers, the Chicken Walnut salad and the peach decaf iced tea!The manager, Jessie, is also a doll. Very nice.
5	Great sandwiches here!I had the chicken walnut sandwich and really enjoyed it.  You can tell that they use fresh ingredients and everything is hand made.  The chicken salad was very flavorful, super cold and served on rye bread.  The little chucks on walnut make a huge difference.  With every sandwich purchase you get one of the "famous" cookies.  It was delicious!
3	Very cute, pretty good sandwich and coffee.  This is a pretty good place to stop in between shopping sprees.  They have really good/healthy sandwiches and good coffee drinks.  *Service = really fast and nice*Food = good and healthy*Atmosphere = relaxing and cute*Brownie = yummy :)
3	I visited this spot twice on a recent visit to Phoenix and it was pretty good. -Breakfast Croissant Sandwich - very good.  It's really hard to go wrong with buttery bread, eggs and cheese.  They give you a good amount of egg, which is also nice and makes it quite a hearty sandwich.-Hot Chocolate - very good as well.  They basically use milk and Ghirardelli chocolate and it was actually pretty good.  Adding whipped cream on top made it a bit too creamy of a hot chocolate and lost a bit of the chocolate flavor so without whipped cream, this was a great way to have a warm and sweet drink.-Chocolate Chip Cookie - this was okay.  It honestly didn't taste too original to me and it had a lot more sugar than was necessary.  I'd be curious about trying the other cookies...the Chocolate w/ White Chocolate Chips looked pretty good.-Yogurt Parfait - this was alright too.  It was a bit too sweet - sweetened yogurt with sweetened granola.  I think most places have it this way, but I prefer less sweet or plain yogurt with sweetened granola and fruits.  Also there were only two small slices of strawberries in my parfait...adding more would have made it better.This place has a ton of options and is in a great location inside a cool shopping area.
2	It was rather slow for a friday and I thought i would order the turkey and cranberry sandwich with a drink. the only thing good from my purchase was the cookie and the drink.for not having such a long line that they normally have they should have been able to put a little more love into making my sandwich. The girl went overboard with the cranberry spread and when i took the toothpick from my sandwich  it broke so i am not sure if i ate some wood chips...lol, on top of that i had cranberry all over the place i was better off just getting a cranberry sandwich cause there was hardly any turkey. for a place that charges 7 dollars a sandwich they should make it look like it is worth 7 dollars. If i want a messy sandwich i will go and get myself a 5 dollar footlong.
4	Love love love the snickerdoodles!  Oh yeah and the chicken walnut sandwich and the barbecue chicken salad are really good as well.  Great when you want fresh food fast.
5	They have the best oatmeal cookies.  It is not your typical oatmeal cuz it's more crispy and have a lot of texture.  Their soups are soooo hearty, especially their chicken noodle soup!! Not those bland watery soup tasting ones!!
4	It was my first time to Arizona and the first meal I had in the state was at Paradise Bakery. The place did not disappoint. I ordered the eggs, bacon, toast, and fruit combination. I also ordered the strawberry waffles. Both did not disappoint. The meals seemed very basic, but taste wonderful. Definitely a place for breakfast and brunch.
3	I like this location for mingling and talking with friends. It's one of the few coffee house environments in the area between Central Ave  and the Biltmore Plaza at 32nd Street & Camelback RD. I have stopped in twice and it's always busy. The cookies and bread I have tasted here is very good and fresh. However I have made purchases from the Paradise Bakery in the food court at Paradise Valley Mall and the brownie was so had I had to return it.  I was refunded my money and given mircowaved blueberry muffin that was probably heated to hide that it was not fresh.It's all on the pricey side for simple baked goods coffee drinks and sandwiches so I have yet to make this a place I go to regularly.
3	Pros:   Very similar to Panera Bread   Clean   Nice Service   Good CookiesCons:   Was good but not great
2	My experience here was pretty much sub par. I came here with my family, we ordered a bunch of coffee and salads, and to our surprise they had run out of coffee. Even after telling the workers there that the coffee had run out, they did not refill the coffee pots during our stay there. A pretty much disappointing experience.
4	If you're at the mall and hunger strikes, Paradise Bakery is a great option! First of all, they have cookies that melt in your mouth. I don't know what they do to them but they are perfectly cooked and uncooked all at once. They have just the right amount of chocolate chips or whatever garnish the cookie includes. Second of all, they have excellent (and huge) sandwiches. My favorites are the club, turkey chipotle wrap, chicken walnut sandwich, tuna and turkey cranberry. Each sandwich is on soft and fluffy bread and has a good assortment of toppings. Third, their breakfast. Between the yogurt parfait, breakfast sandwiches, granola and muffins, there is something for every appetite. My favorite muffin is the pumpkin chocolate chip. And fourth, their soups and salads. Their salads come in different sizes and my favorites are the Mediterranean and Southwestern Chicken. Their tomato soup is the perfect option on a cold day.
4	I like Paradise Bakery for their sandwiches. Their pasta salads are okay. However I find them to lack flavor. The cookies are baked fresh daily and I have tried the chocolate chip cookies, oatmeal raisin, and peanut butter. All three are good if you are into sweets. I am disappointed in the fact that they do not offer a herbal tea. They have three different tea flavors and none of them are herbal.
4	Love their black ice tea and cookies.  Chocolate chip is my favie.  Their sandwiches and soups are great too.  Con - It is pain looking for a seat after you get all our food.
5	Awesome!  The best run Paradise in the Valley.  Everyone that works here is so helpful and courteous.   The menu is super diverse and not too pricey.I've ate lunch there several times....love the 1/2 sandwich and soup combo.   Great value and just right amount of food.   The cheese broccoli soup is super.
4	The food was excellent, the service was good, and the space was clean. I was in Scottsdale for an event and my colleague took me here because it's one of her favorites!I had the Cranberry Turkey Sandwich and a small Chopped Thai Chicken Salad. Both were very good. I'd have them again and it might be hard to try something different because I enjoyed this selection so much.Breads are baked fresh and you get a cookie with your meal! No complaints.
3	Great to go to when your in need of a quick pick me up, most of the time for me it's a salad and soup.  But I've noticed that the best time to go is around lunch time because if you go too late, the service and the quality of food go way down.  The service just takes a complete nose dive when the food which was delicious is now over-cooked or not prepared to my liking.  Good example is the salad bar, all items were mixed together and the lettuce was old and should have been replenished. Just stick to going in for lunch and if you go after dinner to eat, good luck!
3	This is basically the same thing as a Panera Bread, so it's nothing special, but not bad either.  Staff is very friendly.
3	Went here for a quick take out dinner of soup and sandwich.  Looks just like Panera Bread, same menu and it is owned by the same company.  My expectations are that I will get what I order for the same quality as Panera Bread.  No.  Great veggie soup as Panera but the sandwiches are not as good.  I ordered a tuna salad sandwich and it looked like it had better days as the bread fell apart when you picked it up.  The cookies are suppose to be the best in the area, however, I don't eat cookies.  I'm going to stick with Panera Breat strictly and give Paradise three stars believing that once they totally transition over, it will improve.
4	Good sandwiches and soups, great cookies and a nice selection of drinks.When you look at other Yelp'ers reviews of Paradise Bakery, there is a noticeable drop-off when they switch to the new menu.  So far, they've resisted that change here!What Paradise does best, is to offer a good sandwich, half or whole and bowl of delicious soup. Whenever we come here it's our go to meal, that is ... healthy. But that has never stopped us from turning our noses up to one of those soft and tasty chocolate chip cookies. Their Onion Soup is almost as good as the one found at Zinc Bistro, but without the melted Gruyere cheese. LOL  Well, not really. But it's very good.Enjoy!
3	I work in Scottsdale Fashion Square so I frequent this location often. The service is usually pretty good but of course during the lunch rush the lines can get very backed up. Sometimes when this location gets unexpectedly busy and there is only one person on sandwiches and soups the wait can get pretty long, I'm talking 10 to 15 minutes for your food which is a long time when you only have a half hour break. Paradise Bakery has fairly healthy options depending on what you get. I enjoy the half bacon turkey bravo with a cup of chicken noodle soup. The broccoli cheddar soup is also very good along with the paradise club on a croissant. The salads have some what gone down in quality since the menu has changed in the fall. I do not like the way that the chicken is just plopped on top of the salad in a to go box and the chicken looks stuck together and not appetizing. Overall it is still the best choice for healthy on the go eating in Scottsdale Fashion Square but it has it's hits and misses.
4	Paradise bakery is very good.  Good selections and excellent pastries.
5	I love PB, this one in particular. I worked there in High School (eons ago).  I really feel like this location tries harder than the free standing stores since there is so much competition in the food court.The cookies are better, the sandwiches just taste like more care was put into their making, and the staff is friendly and efficient.  The salads are more carefully crafted and are not drowning in dressing.I don't know if it is the training or what, but I feel like the effort the staff puts out shows their commitment to good food, and their pride in their work.
2	It's owned by Panera. So essentially they have some shared items. They also share the same hefty prices for fairly small portions.Lets be real here, the illusion of healthy food is all that you are really getting. As other reviewers have said, the cookies melt in your mouth, here's why: they are made primarily of butter. So is everything else in the place including the breads. Everything is very high in calories (even the salads), so if healthy food is your goal you should definitely ask to see their nutrition info first, although if you do you might need to find somewhere else to eat. Avoid the cookies at all costs at nearly 300-400 calories a pop. Yes that's one cookie. Note the grease stain it leaves when you set it on any clean napkin.That being said, the food is okay. The place is always busy and the staff is nice enough. Salads are usually fresh enough and sandwiches can be customized to your specifications. Bagels and muffins in the morning are usually fresh as well, but stale by the afternoon. Really it's just the illusion of "healthy" food that gets me here. One of their "meals" is topping 1000 calories if you eat the "free" cookie.
