3	Sometimes is good, sometimes is average!
5	Unsure if this was a tourist trap or not, took a gamble and walked up the long flight of stairs; was relieved to find that everyone in the joint was Asian.  A good indicator of the food quality, as far as I'm concerned.Beef hot pot was a great move on a rainy evening.  More popular with everyone around us was the fried lobster.  Seemed that every table was sharing a what looked to be a 5-pound plate of the stuff.  That will be the first priority on the next Montreal visit.  This was the best Cantonese I've had in a very long time.
1	I would give restaurant a negative star rating if possible.  First of all, I ordered wonton noodle soup with  BBQ Pork.  When my order came, there were no noodles, and I was given a combination of ingredients instead of my BBQ Pork.  When I asked what happened to the noodles and BBQ pork only, the waiter said that the restaurant just ran out of noodles.  Okay you ran out noodles, but what happened to my preference for BBQ pork only? I think that the restaurant opened up at 11:30am.  My fiance and I were there at 12:00pm.  How can they run out of noodles within a half hour of opening???  Second, my fiance ordered sesame chicken with jelly fish for $12.95. The waitress tells my fiance that they are out of sesame chicken, but they can replace it with yellow chicken.  When we got the bill, there was an additional $5.00 tacked on for the yellow chicken.  The original dish was $12.95.  The new price for the chicken dish was $17.95.  When we asked what the price increase was for, we were told that the price went up because they replaced the dish with a different kind of chicken.  It would have been nice if they told us of the increase in price rather than assuming that everything would be okay.  It is the same with my wonton noodle soup.  They never told me of any changes.  They just brought out my dish.  This is so wrong!Five dollars isn't a whole lot of money.  It is just the principle that we were getting ripped off.  We complained about what they did.  After going back and forth for a little while, they finally corrected the bill.As for the food, the yellow chicken was very tough and not that tasty.  Where the wonton soup os concerned, the wonton tasted okay, but the soup base was kind of bland.We will not be returning back to this clip joint.   Be aware of their shady tactics if you decide to dine here.
3	Overall: the food is pretty good, and looks nice too.  The restaurant is clean and the ambiance is fine (though I dislike the garbage bag-like tablecloths that seem to be common in Chinatown).  The service we got at lunch was good too; better than most restaurants in Chinatown.My biggest complaint is that the mushroom, bamboo vegetable dish was too oily and starchy.  Delicious, but definitely not healthy.  This also seems to be a characteristic of most of the restaurants in Chinatown.I will definitely go back here at some point, but it wasn't so spectacular that I need to go back tomorrow.  But it's better than similar restaurants on de la Gauchetiere below it.Prices were average for Chinatown ($6-9 for lunch before tax).
3	Food is great, everything actually tastes so good here. HOWEVER, the service is just AWFUL. Mainly because the bald waiter has such a bad temper and is just plainly rude... Furthermore if you don't leave enough tips he will shout at you -_-
4	Restaurant Keung Kee is arguably the most authentic Hong Kong place in Montreal. Unfortunately, that's also why it's not the best place for people who are unfamiliar with that style of food and decor. I have lived in Hong Kong for 1/3 of my life, and Keung Kee reminds me of the typical restaurants there. The chef is able to reproduce a lot of the tastes and flavours I'm accustomed to eating in HK - often giving nostalgia a tickle. They also have a pretty decent selection of dishes there. The staff and decor are reminiscent of HK as well. The staff do not speak French, and, in fact, hardly speaks English at all. They are neither rude or friendly, which is typical of Asian restaurants. The decor, with its colours and oversized drapes, are very much like the ones you would find in HK.I wouldn't normally recommend this place to the average Joe. However, if you're feeling particular adventurous and are eager to try out a really authentic HK restaurant, then this place is for you.
2	I am Chinese from Hong Kong. So I may be a bit picky. We ordered BBQ pork. It is nothing like the BBQ pork I have been eating all my life. So dried and salted, the BBQ pork has no flavor, as if boiled in water. The second dish we ordered was Shanghai stir fried noodle. It looked, tasted, and smelled very different from the real thing. I was very disappointed and I will not go back again.
4	After ascending the stairs, one is transported into an authentic Chinese restaurant complete with plastic, white table cloths and seemingly dingy decor.  The food is delicious and the service is speedy.  During our visit the host was especially friendly and spoke English very well.  As far as the food, the Beef Stir-fry with Chinese broccoli was quite delectable as was the Steamed shrimp with garlic.  However, the shrimp weren't peeled nor cleaned, something that was more an annoyance than anything.  Overall, I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for tasty Chinese cuisine in Montreal.
5	Very good authentic Chinese food.  Located upstair in Chinatown alley.
5	Keung Kee is a chinatown institution. From the waiters to the decor to the food this is an unforgettable Hong Kong style dive that is especially memorable late at night. No idea what the chinese writing on the wall is all about and wouldn't dare to ask, but ask for the salt and pepper shrimp with the shells.
5	We took the advice of our hotel and glad we did.When you sit down you get a pot of hot tea and they keep it coming.The portions were huge for lunch and it comes with soup.Service was quick and friendly.Great selection for what ever your protein needs.
4	It's not much to look at, either from the street or once you're inside and up the stairs, but Keung Kee offers quality, well prepared Chinese food at affordable prices. I was surprised when I entered that I was the only non-Asian person there, and I took that as a really good sign - if the locals like it, then it must be good!
