5	I came across this pet food store on my search for Orijen dog food. And what a find: they carry all the brands that are actually healthy for your pet (high meat content for dogs, no cheap fillers), like Blue, Wellness Core etc. They also have a comprehensive selection of chewing supplies (antlers, e.g.) and healthy no-nonsense treats. The staff is very knowledgeable and down to earth. The place itself feels more like health food store which is a welcome change to outlets like PetSmart.
2	In preparation for my new little pup, I have been investigating all the various products I need to be a good owner. I had my checklist full of essentials for bringing a puppy home and I wanted to buy locally. My husband and I went specifically to 4 Paws because it is close to our home and has great reviews. However, our experience left us running to a competitor's store. As a new owner, I don't know everything about getting a dog, but I've done my research and know that it's probably a good idea to have some basics (e.g., collar, leash, food bowls, and food). I left with only a toy. Each time my husband or I asked about something, they either did not have it in stock, did not have enough in stock, or wouldn't sell it to us. Bizarre. I understand that it is probably ideal to have your puppy with you to get sized for a collar, but I'd rather take my chance and have something to put on puppy to resist the chance of it running away until we can get back to the store. We were excited to shop, but left feeling very discouraged and practically empty handed.The employee was fine, but not very helpful. For new pet owners, you'll be better off to go to Petsmart first for the essentials and then once you get your pet in a routine, then perhaps come here for speciality items (and call ahead to make sure they have what you need in stock).
1	I have been a faithful customer of 4 Paws for two years now and that ends now.  The store has a lovely set up and is certainly higher end than your usual pet food and supply store.  I love the environment and set up of the place and it's fairly close to home so I've been okay paying more to get it there.  They are bit more expensive than their competition.  Quite simply, my Miniature Schnauzer, Reagan, has been on Wellness Senior since she was 1.  The breed has been so prone to pancreatitis that their food selection is very narrow.  More to the point, when I went in to grab food last week, I couldn't find the Wellness.  I asked the girl behind the desk about it and she informed me in an extremely snoddy way that they no longer carry big box brands.  I felt as though I was being talked down to and that my $40/bag food was subpar to their market.  As you know, Wellness is not big box.  It's not your puppy chow or kibbles.  I was offended.  How this place can stay open with mindsets and attitudes like that, coupled with their above average pricing, is beyond me.I think this is my first 1 star.
5	I recently went into 4 Paws Holistic looking for Orijen. The shop near me was bought by Petco and now carries only the same cheap to at-best-midgrade foods as PetSmart. The person I spoke to was very helpful. He suggested that I consider Acana - a lower priced food made by the same company as Orijen - though they carry both. His reasoning was very sound for that switch, which would save me money in the end without compromising quality.We also discussed raw diets as my dogs and cats are primarily raw fed (which is why the slightly lower protein content in Acana is fine). I mentioned what they eat now and we discussed various raw diets with their pros/cons. He gave me a sample chub of a raw diet they carry that he felt was comparable to what they currently eat. No hard sell, just a sample to see how my pets like it. Because I have young, large breed dogs we discussed joint care and he gave me some wonderful and in-depth advice about which forms of glucosamine and chondroitin seem to yield better results. Again no hard-sell, actually no sell at all. Just information for if/when it becomes a consideration as they age.I was very impressed with the time they took with me, even giving information on items I would not be buying any time soon. All in all I have found a new place to buy my pets' food.
4	4Paws is an excellent place to pick up specialty dog food. Staff is super helpful in explaining the different types of food they stock and helping you weigh the pros and cons of each.
1	Horrible customer service! The first part of this is not related to 4 paws but, is important to understanding why I'm not very pleased with them. We had been ordering Orijen on line for our dog because we didn't know that we could get it locally. Our dog had been on it for several months and always ate it very well. We had one bag that as soon as we opened it our dog just would not eat for some reason.We contacted Orijen, they said they did not change anything but due to using poultry some bags may have a variance in flavor because of different ratios of light and dark meat and some dogs may just be a bit picky about that. Orijen kindly offered to mail us a voucher for a free replacement bag of food from any Orijen retailer and suggested I either donate or throw away the food she won't eat. Thumbs up for great customer service.Now on to the 4 Paws Holistic and bad service part...We still needed to get our dog a new bag of food quickly. The woman at Orijen looked up retailers in our area and pointed us to 4 Paws Holistic. We went to 4 paws and picked up a small bag of food, our dog ate that no problem just as she had with previous bags. We decided we would not go back to the online retailer now that we could get it locally for pretty much the same price. We bought a couple of bags of food and treats from them over the next month or two while waiting for our voucher. .When I went down to 4 Paws Holistic to redeem my voucher from Orijen I had the voucher, a card from Orijen/Acana addressed to me with a handwritten apology/thank you from the customer service rep that signed the voucher and her business card. The voucher clearly says across the bottom "retailer please submit this coupon to your distributor for credit". As soon as I showed him the voucher I knew it was going to be a problem, 4 Paws Holistic refuses to honor the voucher. They basically said even though they are an authorized Orijen retailer it's a pain for them to get reimbursed from their distributor and they would not take it. It's nice that they will turn away a repeat customer because it might take a little work on their part with their distributor. They began the argument that because I didn't buy the questionable bag of food from them, they don't have to honor the voucher which is complete bullshit. The voucher is from the manufacturer and is good at any retailer. I even offered to call Orijen customer service and let him talk to them to work things out but, he was not interested in doing that. He then added that I can't expect him to just give away a bag of food. At this point I had pretty much had it with the attitude and excuses and replied "I expect you to honor the voucher from the company that you are a retailer for and use as a selling point on your website." and left. He was not interested in doing right by the customer and tried pawning me off on another pet store which tells me it's not really that he can't get reimbursed but, he just doesn't want to be bothered with it. Horrible customer service, I'm done with this place.Update: We ended up taking the voucher to The Feed Bucket in Mooresville who had also seen them before and honored it with no questions asked. It looks like I found my new source for Orijen food and I never have to go back to 4 paws holistic. Yay!From Manager: 3/21/2014 KyleWe're sorry you've had a negative experience at the store. Because we could not verify the validity of the coupon, we could not accept it. Since you purchased the food online, the company should have reimbursed  you the full amount and sent you a replacement bag. We would have given you the refund if you purchased the food here and it made your dog sick. I'm glad you found another place to satisfy your demands and we appreciate the feedback. Reply:I can tell by your response you are not sorry and this is just damage control for your poor service.It's hard to verify something by refusing to put forth even the most minimal effort. I had the business card of the Orijen representative that issued the voucher in my hand and was more than willing to call Orijen with the clerk to help address any concerns. He was much more interested in trying to find a way to not honor it than actually trying to determine if it was valid and help me. That's not saying much for his character. It looks even worse if he really believed the voucher wasn't valid and his solution was to pawn me off on another pet store.Also, even though you seem to be quite hung up on it for some reason it really does not matter why I had a voucher from Orijen or where the problem bag came from. Your store should have honored a voucher that came direct from the manufacturer. They are the ones taking the loss not you. Would it have been a different story if I had received the voucher to try Orijen for the first time? I don't think so.
4	Nice selection of premium dog foods and treats. Yes, it's expensive.Good customer service -- I bought a bag of $75 dog food that was the same brand I usually buy but in a new flavor. Unfortunately, that flavor made my dogs sick. 4 Paws took back my open bag of dog food and gave me a $50 credit to buy a new bag.
5	I always thought that dogs eat any and everything. That was until I rescued my two-year old German Shepherd named Bear. She's finicky and choosy and this can be extremely frustrating and stressful -- particularly when people would stop me on a walk around the block and comment "is your mom feeding you?!" (thank you people, by the way, not intrusive at all). I popped into 4 Paws Holistic for help, and got so much more. With Bear by my side, she sampled different foods and treats and I was able to see right there what she liked or didn't like. Their customer service team was happy to talk me through different options - raw food, dry food, a combination thereof - that would get Bear eating and put some weight on her. My experience every time has been great, and 4 Paws Holistic is my go-to for picking up Bear's dog food, treats and bully sticks.
5	Great selection of food. Extremely knowledgeable staff. It is great to see a selection of high quality dog food.
5	I have been shopping here since they opened 4 and a half years ago.great location and a really cool interior.fantastic selection of higher end products.about a year ago they got a new manager who is a real step up from the staff they had in the first couple of years.this girl really knows her stuff!i love that I can bring my dog in and have real conversations with a staff that is as passionate about feeding pets real food as I am.hats off to 4 paws and the new staff!
1	This is an update to my ongoing "discussion" with the store manager since I'm out of characters in the original review and I want to document all of the responses from 4 paws.Manager Victoria 9/5/14:KyleBecause we could not verify the validity of the coupon, we could not accept it. As a follow up, we spoke to our Champion distributor and they informed us that they have never accepted such coupons and they are most likely fraudulent. We care about every person's experience at the store, but will not tolerate inflammatory comments from a disgruntled customer. Glad to hear you found a store to satisfy your demands.My Reply:First of all I am no longer and never will be again a customer of your store. If you just accepted that your staff didn't handle this situation well and apologized I would drop it but, I will not tolerate your attempts to validate your poor customer service by making this out to sound like an attempt by me to defraud your store out of a bag of food and claim that I'm the one being inflammatory. You realize you are basically calling me a thief right?A competing pet food store accepted the voucher with no problem and since they are in this same area I have to believe they use the same distributor as your store. You know what they did differently than your store? They wanted to help. They took the business card the Orijen rep (Diana) sent with the voucher and called her to make sure everything was on the up and up. It took all of about 2 minutes and everyone was happy.Feel free to email diana@championpetfoods.com and ask her if they issue coupons for bags of food when customers have issues and maybe you can run your issue with your distributor not accepting these "fraudulent" coupons by her as well.11/6/14: Manager Victoria wrote:Update 11/6/14chicagonow.com/still-adv...My reply: You first.
