5	When they say FastMed they mean it at this location! I booked an appt. online for my son since his PCP couldn't see him today.  When I arrived, we were greeted, seen in triage, visited by the NP and out the door prescription in hand within 20 minutes!  Now you can't beat that with a stick!  A wonderful alternative for those times you can't get squeezed in to your regular physician.  I'm hoping we won't need to be visiting urgent care anytime soon, but if we do, this is where we will go!
5	Fantastic service!  Every person we encountered was kind and helpful. I sprained my ankle and chose to get the splint and decided the next day the boot would be a better option. They saw me right away (even helped with my crying toddler that i had just woke up because I was on crutches). I checked in online and was in and out in under an hour, including xrays.I will definitely go here again if my family needs urgent care services in the future.
3	I've been here to this location at least 5 times and it's not exactly "fast med" every time I come to this location it's slow service. There's no one ever in wAiting room or in patient rooms but there's still a 10-20 minute wAit it's irritating especially when kids or self is sick. Service could be better.
1	Have to agree with the majority here. FastMed isn't fast at all. I made an appointment online thinking it would facilitate the visit. It didn't. 30 minutes while I waited for the staff to stop chit-chatting. Then they couldn't process my co-pay because their internet was down. My impression? Unprofessional and a waste of time. I left without being treated because frankly the longer I sat there, the more my blood pressure went up. There are better urgent care facilities out there.
5	My experience at FastMed was exceptional for an urgent care facility. I was checked in and seen promptly. An antibiotic was prescribed for me. When my culture came back they called me on a Sunday to let me know that I needed a different antibiotic and they called it right in for me. Nobody wants to need the doctor (provider) right away - but if you do I recommend this facility!
5	I found the staff to be nice and friendly.Matt Oberlin PA-C Was courteous and knowledgeable .I had a 6:30 appoinent and was out of there by 7:15 I would recommend this location to my friends
1	They don't honor their online appointments. Showed up at appointment time to be told that they don't honor the online appointment and we could go with a 2 hour wait. Instead went to chandler regional where they do honor their online checkins. Not happy since this delayed treatment.
1	Dont waste your time or money. Staff was great. Provider matt was a waste of time.  I obviously had sinus infection on new years day. After $50 copy I was told to take m ucinex. Refused to give prescription.  Said he had been to seminars about this...not even nice about it.
