5	Perry was fantastic , I heard that the first review is a ex employee. Anyways I called and Perry was the only person willing to help me find the remnant I needed! Quick service offered special ordering and made me an amazing deal!! Try this place first!!
5	I had a great experience here! I recently purchased carpeting in three of my bedrooms. My wife and I did a lot of shopping around before purchasing and Floor Covering Factory Outlet had the best prices as well as quality. Our visit to the store was also great. Excellent customer services and variety of choices! We will definitely be coming back here to carpet our living and family rooms in the future.
5	The Floor Cover Factory Outlet is the best place to go don't bother going anywhere else. They have the best deals on carpet and labor. Perry was great and worked around our schedule and very knowledgeable. Everything turned out perfect. He was referred to us by Dave F. We will always use this company. Bay far the Best prices and high quality of work
3	This place is a lesson in the old saying "not all that glitters is gold."  I was taken in by the many 5 star reviews online, only later to observe most of those are the review writer's sole review.  While they could be credible, this would have been a warning had I checked into it sooner.  Here's the real scoop on my experience since I actually hired these guys to install carpet in my new home.  Prior to purchase I found them hard to get a hold of.  Difficulties included that no one was at the store or answered the phone.  Eventually they explained they can be out on jobs, but they sure were not apologetic.  I managed to find some carpet to purchase and set an install up.  I did cross shop their carpet price with the box stores and I found it FAIR - not a screaming deal by any means but a reasonable price by comparison. The install was a real mixed bag and is a big part of my average review.  It wasn't that they just did an "ok" job overall but rather some things were done well and some not so much.  Some of their cutting looks sloppy and they were not very careful with my personal items.  They also were hours late showing up and took almost two full days to do a job I was told could be done in one. They also ate food which they spilled on the bare subfloor: I like to hope they cleaned it up before installing anything but it just goes to show the mindset.   Yet, they did a thoughtful job with the transitions and at least attempted to resolve some floor squeaks.  I'll try and update this in a year or two, I mean how else really can you tell how it will last.  But overall it really only looks ok.  And let's save the "best" for last; the owner so many others are in love with.  When an issue came up after they had already started the job, I ended up having to deal with Perry and when I told him I did not agree with his proposed resolution to the issue he immediately threatened to walk off the job.  The issue did end up resolved and the job completed (see above) but the threatening nature of that conversation really left a sour taste in my mouth and makes me question how they will be to deal with if any warranty issues come up, not to mention wonder whether that's the normal course of business for them.  So in sum let's say the product and install were merely ok and the customer service is very lacking.  Not a place I would ultimately recommend.
5	This place is the best value and the best service when it comes to carpet.  Don is truly the 'carpet whisperer.'  I live in a high rise so the rules and regs make it difficult, but with Don, it went through very smooth.  I love the carpet and when shopping around it was by far the best price too.
