4	I made a point of going to this newly opened range and I am glad I did. the range filled up quickly at opening time on a Sunday morning but there were no ridiculously long wait times and they do take reservations for the lanes. I didn't spend a lot of time out in the retail section of the facility but the selection was ok. Its a new location and in this economy I don't blame any retailer for not stocking a lot of inventory. Especially since they have another location that probably has what you are looking for.
4	Went back on another Sunday and got right in again. I brought my 19 year old nephew along and we had a great time.
4	The summers here in AZ are hot so my boyfriend and I were so happy to see that they opened another indoor range on this side of town. The staff is friendly & very helpful. Fridays are ladies nights, so we drop our kids off with the sitter & start the night off emptying a few clips! It's loud inside the range for our 4yr old & they don't let kids under 4 inside for safety reasons. They have a good selection of handguns & rifles to rent if you don't bring your own. Bringing your own stuff & renting the lane is the cheapest way to go. Otherwise, if you rent their equipment, you have to buy their ammo as well. They have some good targets but we bought some awesome ones online for way cheap! If you're looking to purchase a new weapon & want a chance to shoot different ones before you purchase one, shooters world is great!
1	I recently got involved in shooting when I went a couple times with some friends from work. I ended up loving it and spending over $800 in the last two weeks on a gun and lots of ammo. Most of the shooting I had done was in the desert but I have wanted to find an indoor range near home so I thought I would give the Shooters World on 89th and Cactus a try.When I walked in the place seemed a little bear but it is a gun store so I was not looking for great ambiance . The greeter at the front desk greeted us and directed myself and my brother to the range sign in area. This is where the fun began...We found the waiting list and guessed our way through the process of getting in line for the range as none of the four employees in the area decided it was necessary to help us with any instruction. We waited for 30 minutes which looked normal considering it was a Friday and there were a few people in there. After the 30 minutes I recheck the list to find three people below us have been crossed off. I asked the clerk why we had not been called and he did not explain but simply said "It will only be a little longer we are next." So we waited and watched people get called 1 person, 2 people, 3 people and still not us. Then the same clerk I had spoken to walked by us and ask "Are you guys signed up on the list?" At this point we gathered our equipment and headed for the exit.I was considering membership since this location is so conveniently located for me but I guess I will have to find another place.
4	Came here the other day to check it out, did not buy anything but I was eventually helped by someone who I think was a manager because he was very helpful.  Answered all of my questions very thoroughly and even took the time to show me everything.  I was looking for a compact 22 for hiking and eventually a 22 rifle for fun with my 8 year old son.  He gave me sound advice and even showed me great accessories for what I was looking to do.  Prices seemed a bit high but since I was not in a rush I will shop around still.  I did notice that there was a wait to use the rang and it looked like there were about 15-20 lanes for shooting.  They did not have any 22 handguns to rent so I did not bother but I do appreciate having an indoor shooting range in the NW valley.  I will be going back to use the rang and eventually buy.  Like I said....I am glad we have an indoor rang in the NW valley.
4	Welcome to Shoote's World. They've got about 30 lanes in total, but considering they're the only indoor shooting range in that area, they fill up pretty quickly, so be prepared to wait if you arrive after noon on a weekend. I've found myself waiting anywhere from 45 minutes to an hour and a half for a lane, but the wait is worth it. The lanes are spacious and not over-crowded, and the guys that work the desk are friendly and knowledgeable. I ran into a problem where my bullets were jamming in the chamber and they were able to figure out the problem and recommend a solution (that worked!). I pop in a couple times a month and would definitely recommend it if you're looking to avoid the heat, sun and dust.
4	Not bad!Listen, ladies night has turned into ladies day, so ladies, go and all you have to pay for is any rounds you use and targets. You get a lane for free, and then you can also rent as many weapons as you want (one at a time) but still, I shot 3 different .45's and I fell in love with the Sig 1911. The only problem here is, #1, it is busy and lane rental can take over an hour if you are not a member, and #2) selection on weapons to buy is limited.Still, great merchendise great time, I really enjoyed it!
2	My son took me shooting at Shooter's World on a Saturday afternoon -- this is the one on Cactus Rd. This facility is new and therefore very clean and updated. The selection of rentals is impressive. We came with a few guns of our own, and rented some others for fun. There are several targets available, some standard bulls-eye, others are silly and fun.As we got checked-in we told the clerk (an older gentleman) what we had, and that we brought some ammo for some rentals (and showed him). He said that's fine. Got signed-in and checked-off. They require ear and eye protection, we had all that, but still glad they asked. Went to our stall and set up targets. The distance down range is adjustable and approximate.Everything was great up to the point where we started shooting one of the rentals; a mini-14 .223 semi-auto house rifle that had some problems. Some ammo didn't fire and that didn't bother me too much, it's not their fault - they provided the ammo but obviously they didn't manufacture it. (We waited 10 seconds, then clear the dud). The gun was SOAKING WET with gun oil and would jam on every clip. We spoke to a young attendant about the constant jamming; he said "I just cleaned that gun myself, it should be good to go". Well, it kept jamming and one round the bullet was pushed into the casing - potentially dangerous! So we stopped using it.  Another rental was a .22 rifle. It worked fine and as far as I'm concerned, that's all you need for an INDOOR range. ( A shooter's skill has nothing to do with caliber size.) Only issue was that the sights were WAY OFF. For a .22 it's kind-off okay because part of the sport is finding where it's off and making adjustments during aiming on the next shot, but these sights were about 8 to 10 inches off. They should have dialed these in closer than that. Again, not enough to be concerned about.My main issue was when we were leaving -- we told the guy at the counter ( a different person from check-in) about the jamming problem with the .223. I told him I suspected the gun had too much cleaning oil and the added friction probably contributed to the jamming (I tried to be nice about it since he really didn't have anything to do with it). We showed him the casing with the bullet pushed in. He noticed it was a Remington round and proceed to BLAST us verbally that if the round went off we'd be buying them a new gun because it wasn't a house issued bullet. (Never-mind that we showed them our ammo before we rented and they said "okay")The way I see it is we were just giving this young man some information about a problem with their product, yet he choose to get offended and treat us like we did something wrong. My son and I spent a little over an hour there and dropped a little over $160. If you have a business with paying customers, the customer is KING. If we bring something to their attention, just take note of it and check it out, Don't bash the customer just for giving feedback. For as much as we spent, they should be thanking us for our business and hope we come back. With his attitude I don't care to come back at all - EVER.So Shooter's World says that Remington ammo is inferior and should not be used. In that case, when we showed them they should have let us know in the beginning and not change their minds about it afterwards.BTW, I will write Remington about this, let's see what they have to say.
5	So my husband had been pushing me to learn how to shoot a gun for years.  I really am very afraid of being around them, much less touching one.  Finally I gave in when my friend and her family were going to go shoot too.  On Fridays Ladies get to shoot for free.  You do have to pay for your bullets and target.  I would go during the day, you'll wait a long time for a lane later in the evening.  When we finally got in, I was really jumpy once I got in the room where you do your shooting.  I'm sure there's a name for that room, but I don't know it.  Even with the headphone covering your ear, it's very loud.  I jumped every time.  My husband asked if one of the workers could show me how to shoot, since if he tried to teach me we would probably end up fighting.  The instructor was great!  He could tell how nervous and jumpy I was and knew what to say to calm me down.  He gave concise instructions.  I was surprised at how easy it was.  I felt more comfortable.  I'm still not a fan of guns, but I'll probably try again.
5	Great date night???? Let me explain OK?  Friday is ladies day...... That's right FREE eye protection, ear protection, shooting lane, and gun rental!!  Ladies pay for ammo and targets.  I went last Friday and we ended up paying about $10 for a new experience.  We had 100 rounds of ammo and a target to shoot up.  That's right we can share as well so the both of us enjoyed the FREE gun rental and lane.  They even gave me eye protection and ear protection for FREE.Also no dress code, I was use to gun ranges with closed toe shoes, long pants requirement's NOT here!  You can wear flip flops and shorts, just be prepared that a hot casing from a gun can hit any exposed skin.  T shirt would be best or non v neck for the ladies, just a warning but not required.So here was another part of the deal, when I asked a range instructor he was happy to show any ladies how to handle a gun, hold it, etc.  Very helpful and nice.  I wish I could remember his name, but that's someone you want to show you how to handle a weapon. A person that is calm, easy going, and instructs.  Heres the only bad.....VERY BUSY after 5 PM. so be prepared to wait.  1. Go early in the day if you can 2. If your a guy bring a girl and shoot together to keep cost down3. Introduce someone to guns, not saying everyone should have them, but we all should know how to use them.4. for the ladies, go FRIDAY, almost a FREE experience.....5. make sure to sign in on the clip board ASAP to get on the wait list for an open lane!!!! I was lost and it took me a few minutes to figure it out.   White paper with clip board on one of the gun cases. Ask ifor it if you can't find it to get on the wait list.  6. Ask for help if you are not sure, the range masters, guys working there in the shooting range area.  I talked to 2 guys in there and they were more than happy to help out which surprised me)  Guns can be intimidating for people and its great the staff here is  there to help.That's all I can list, if your new to guns maybe stick with a .22 so it has no kick and just get use to guns....Maybe the next Friday trip move up to a 9mm handgun?  Or stick with the .22?  Overall great experience for everyone that went, we will go again. We all had a great time here.
2	First off, the range itself is great.  It's a good, safe facility to shoot off some rounds and have fun.  My problem is with the staff.  They're not friendly or engaging and if you talk to them they act as if you're bothering them.  The general feeling there seems to be that they're doing us a huge favor by allowing us to enter the store and shoot!  I have news for you guys, I'm surrounded by millions of square miles of empty desert!  I don't need to go there to shoot my guns off...this is Arizona, after all.  It may be a gun store, but it seems to me that they are still in the sales business...and sucking at it.  The first time I went there was to look for a small pistol for concealed carry and after asking about several different brands/models(none of which they had in stock) the employee just walked away like he was tired of talking about guns!  The second time I was there was to shoot at the range and when I approached the desk nobody was there, however two employees were chatting it up 10 feet away and completely aware I was just standing there.  It's cool, I figured out what to do and what to fill out on my own.  It wasn't until a line started to accumulate behind me that one of the guys came over.  No "Hi, how are ya?" no "Welcome to Shooter's World."  not even "Are you here to shoot at the range?"  Just "Um, if you need targets they're over there."  I have a sales staff as well and none of this would fly in my company to say the very least.  Just so you guys know, you sell gun rentals, range time, and products you don't manufacture yourselves...THE ONLY REAL PRODUCT YOU HAVE TO PROVIDE IS CUSTOMER SERVICE.  Nice place.  Staff needs serious work. F-
1	Poor customer service, Poor selection, we were looking for a compact .45. The guy showed us one....yes ONE that they carried. It was a Kimber and very pricey. We asked about other compact .45's and he went on to tell us how hard it is to get guns nowadays. Rather than just say that they just did't have what we were looking for. When we asked about a Para Ordinance he actually told us that they are not good guns and that they don't carry them because they are crap.....Okay O_o But whatever we wont be returning to this place....
1	Horrible customer service and staff is rude. I stood by the pistol display case patiently while i waited for someone to help me with a pistol i wanted. NO ONE acknowledged. I purchased my lane ticket and figured i would ask about the pistol i wanted after. The two individuals i spoke to while purchasing my lane ticket acknowledged my soda pop. Said nothing about it. When i finished shooting an older gentleman said, "Next time read our policy, no food or drink." I don't go to shooting ranges to be disrespected. Instead of asking how my shooting went, how my firearms performed, the SW staff member was rude. SGC is the same distance to me and i get fantastic customer service. Plus, they give an awesome LEO discount. If SW doesn't want my money fine, but don't be rude to your customers. Will not be returning and will not be recommending.
5	Wife and I were glad they opened up here on this side of town. We immediately became members. The facility is impeccable! The staff is extremely courteous and helpful!! We had a excellent time on the range and a great experience here! Keep up the good work!!!!
4	I have only been here for Lady's night (Friday) .  Everyone was really nice and helpful.  They even took all of our pictures with our targets.  It is an inexpensive way to blow off some steam at the end of a long work week.
2	I have yet to actually come here and learn to shoot a gun.  My husband keeps coming to get me into a class but they are always full.  Needless to say, I'm a little annoyed but I've heard their classes are good.  I'm not a gun enthusiast but we have one at home and I should feel comfortable around them so please Shooter's World, I need to sign up!
1	This is a joke.  1 box of ammo per person for range use only.  Are you f'n kidding?  Ok, so when a criminal breaks into my home, I will throw my empty gun at him or ask him to accompany me to the range so I can shoot him and Shooters World can collect their range fee.  Disgusted.  Profit over protection.
4	So after a poor first couple of impressions, Harry just phoned us to make things right.  We are scheduled for our private session tomorrow and I will follow-up with comments based on that experience but I have full confidence that we are now in good hands.  Thanks, Harry.  We'll see you soon!
5	I go fairly often for ladies "night" on Fridays.  Free lane for one hour, free hearing and eye protection, free gun rental, and all I buy is a target and sometimes ammo.  Mostly I bring my own gun and my own ammo, but if you use their gun you have to buy their ammo.  I think that's reasonable.  The people at the desk and on the range are always helpful and friendly.
5	My fiance and I went in to Shooter's World to check out the inventory as we are looking to purchase our first handgun. Dyllan (I think I spelled that right) was extremely informative and helpful. We will be returning to purchase a Glock 19.
2	When I approached the gun range counter on July 24th of this year, attempting to rent a gun and purchase ammo for the session I was hoping to experience at their gun range, I was informed that they do not rent guns to 'singles'.  I must have a friend, or own my own gun, before I can rent a firearm at their range.Now, I can understand the reason for this policy, kind of.  It' s a bit extreme, but that's a topic we can all debate forever.  I'm not here to do that.There are two factors to consider:1 - I entered the facility today and proceeded to have a 30 minute conversation with an employee (who was very knowledgeable and professional) regarding the right gun for my situation and interests.  We explored numerous models, and settled on a weapon that seemed ideal for me.  I was more than willing to make a purchase after I had fired the weapon on the range a few times to convince myself I was making the right decision.2 - I have not only fired this exact weapon before, numerous times, but I have done so recently.  Alone.  At this very gun range.  At no point during that experience was I told that:A - Singles were not allowed to rent guns.B - Gun rentals were only allowed to people who already brought a weapon with them, or had a friend.So, to recap.  They had a sale easily totaling $800+, I had driven 30 minutes to the location, and spent another 30 minutes discussing the potential purchase with employees, and in the end they lost the sale because they wouldn't allow me to do something that I had already done at that very location, with that very same firearm model, within the past two months.It seems to me that they're just choosing when to enforce this ridiculous policy and when not to.  Perhaps they think that I wasn't sincere about buying the weapon, that I just enjoy wasting their salesperson's time, or more importantly mine.Or perhaps they're just allergic to money and success.  I'll be taking my business elsewhere.It's a shame that a business filled wish such knowledgeable and professional sales staff will continue to lose business by insisting potential gun owners either bring friends, or randomly buy weapons without trying them.  Sorry, I don't need standing someone over my shoulder in a pretend attempt to 'make things safer'.  That 'friend' of mine in no way guarantees anyone's safety.I proved that to you already, on numerous occasions.  Not sure why this time was different, but I assure you - it will be the last time I attempt to do business with any of your locations.
2	In response to Lisa's comment, I decided to write an update thanking her for her time and being one of the few business owners that comes onto Yelp with the right attitude and takes accountability.  Bravo.It seems like what you have here is a training issue.  Considering this lost you a ~$800 sale, plus a customer that would no doubt need things like accessories, ammo, etc. it's a fairly big one.  I'm sure I'm not the only one deterred from doing business with your establishment based on this experience.I'm a little confused as I write this, however.  That's solely due to your employee's adamant attitudes regarding your policy that they clearly don't understand.  I was sincerely given an impression the opposite of your comment - that singles were never allowed to shoot at you range unless they brought their own gun.  "That's just the way it is," I believe was the quote.I'm sure you don't need me to tell you this, but it'd be worth sitting down with every shift and making sure they understand the actual policy versus the pretend one they randomly enforce whenever they feel like it.As for my purchase, that remains to be seen.  I'm very unforgiving when it comes to bad consumer experiences.  I believe as a business you get one strike, then you're out - there are too many bad businesses in the world undeserving of continued operations, and even more good businesses struggling to get off the ground.That being said, because you took the time to come on here and correctly address the issue, it's entirely possible I'll go ahead and give this another shot (pun intended) at this location in the upcoming months.Please, don't let me have the same experience twice.
5	Excellent customerservice. Good place, weekends are busy, you may wait up to 45 till your turn., if you have rifle. Bring your own ammo, targets and gun you'll save $5+. Enjoy it! Oh yeah don't take your gf there if you had problems with her before get there :-D jk
4	Great place to shoot. Staff seems to know what they are talking about and friendly. The don't talk down to you. The range time pricing I guess is prettty much the going rate so nothing o be said there. The selection of accessories and firearms is above par. I'm a fan.
5	I recently moved here from out of state and the people here are accommodating and really nice. This wasn't my first choice, as I went to another range in Phoenix, but it was my last. The "other" range had very rude staff, charged for eyes & ears, and the range guide was extremely rude. It really made for an unpleasant experience. I thought, or should I say hoped, that maybe it was the range and it wasn't the norm. Luckily for me I tried my luck at Shooters in Peoria. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. They made me feel as (get ready for this) a customer. Since my first visit; I went from a weekly customer to now a member. Once again they are a great group and always make me feel welcomed. I know I have asked a few "common sense" questions and never once did they make me feel uncomfortable for asking. Now my whole family goes.It is a great place and I HIGHLY recommend them!!
5	My wife and I have been members at Shooter's World for about 14 months.  I'm former military but hadn't picked up a handgun in around 25 years and wanted to get back to shooting.  We went to Shooter's World for the first time on a 'Ladies Night' and tried a few handguns.  Soon after, we joined.  The staff has always been top notch, taking time to explain and educate.  As a returning shooter, they have been very patient with both of us with the myriad of questions that I've had.  We have made a few purchases of handguns there and the staff at the retail operations are as good as they come.  Many of the workers in the range area are young, but don't let that influence any decisions.  These young men (and ladies!) are very professional in their approach and certainly are capable of taking care of anyone who comes in.
5	I took the Defensive Pistol class for women & had the BEST experience. All my questions were answered and the instructor was phenomenal.  Don was more than qualified to teach the class as he knew quite a bit. I felt beyond comfortable leaving the class and more informed about safety first. I had never held a gun before taking that class and was completely afraid of guns in general. But being well informed and learning about them, from my opinion, an amazing instructor, I am not so afraid anymore. I would need some more practice though and cannot wait to get back on the range and participate in some more classes.
5	Went in today to try out my new M&P .40 Shield. It was my first trip to this range and I will definitely be going back. Very friendly staff, clean ranges (with tape!) and store areas; and military veteran discounts to boot.  SOLD!
2	Shooting was very fun as usual, but most of the staff had a demeanor like if customers were bothering them or that they didn't want to be there at all. Next time I want to take the family shooting, I will take my business elsewhere or to the desert.
4	I went here shortly after taking a class at the Phoenix location. I am not going to compare the two because I have only been to each location once. I went for some shooting on a weekday afternoon and my experience was A+. The only distraction was from the person shooting in the lane next to mine. His shell casings kept coming my way. Being that this was a weekday, I was certain that they could've gave us more room. Maybe not. This became annoying after sometime, but I guess for the convenient location this is what one has to deal with. Good staff interaction. No rude range masters on the first trip. I look forward to going back.
4	I highly suggest posting a required section onto the website. My husband and I were supposed to shoot friday night but supposedly you MUST have a sight in your gun... We have a red dot but it wasn't sighted in properly so my husband totally forgot to bring it and they said absolutly not you cant shoot so we had to leave. So we came back on Sunday and there was a small wait to shoot our rifle. Wasnt too long which was good and they have free eye and ear protection! We bought target silhouettes and were a great price! Entering the range was so scary for me because it was my first time but i ended up loving it! I hit my target dead center in the neck! We will definatly be back! It wasnt too expensive either which was great!Anybody under 18 must be accompanied by an adult! Or they have to sit in the waiting room which is understandable! Nice people which is great!
5	Friendly staff. Great prices for range. Overall, I will definitely will be coming back.
2	I went to Shooters World this Saturday at 7pm and had the WORST experience with their Staff.  A younger gentleman with a clean cut beard was disrespectful and extremely rude.  He seems to not value his job and really felt as if he didn't want us there.  The rental I had jammed up and when I asked for help he rolled his eyes and walked to my lane.  Once he unjammed the bullet, I asked him if there was anything he knew about the pistol that was causing it to jam.  He turned around, looked at me and said nothing.  There was another younger attendant (early 20's) that was there and was even worse than the first one.  I added a star to my review, since an older male was friendly while he was showing us some Guns after our range time had ended, Overall, I will not be coming back and would prefer to drive elsewhere where I can be treated fairly and with respect.  I would recommend some customer service classes for this location.
1	The one star is for nothing more than the staff. The facility is great, always clean, and the range is always in descent shape when you go to your lane. But every single staff member here seems to hate their life. I don't expect u to constantly wear a smile but don't talk to your customers like they are idiots.
4	Always enjoy myself here. Membership is worth it if you gonna few times or like to take friends.  Good spot for FFL transfers also.
4	I signed my nephews up for the children's gun safety class and they were captivated for the entire hour. Alexa the instructor, made it fun and was very good with the kids. I highly recommend this class and it's only $10! Wonderful way to teach your kids gun safety from someone other than you.
