4	I like this thrift store because it reminds me of the stores back east where I grew up.  Back east the thrift stores are not all clean and pretty like Savers or the giant Goodwills here in  AZ.  This place also doesn't have as high of prices as the clean and organized stores so you are more apt to find a bargain here.  Gracie's is in an older building along Apache that always seems to have some water leaking and doesn't pipe in scents through the air system to mask the fact that you are buying someone else's old stuff. (I just realized that Goodwill does fragrance the air with cinnamon, I thought I was losing my mind until I noticed it in three separate Goodwills in the valley.)They always have a lot of nice clothing, housewares and a lot of books.  I was in there recently and there seemed to be a lot less inventory so I don't know if they were just slow on donations or maybe clearing out to possibly renovate.  Getting to the place has been a nightmare recently because of the light rail construction so if you know your Tempe streets I would suggest coming in from the neighborhood behind the store, not off of Apache.Gracie's is affiliated with Grace Community Church in Tempe and does have some religious literature near the front counter and has an abundance of Christian books for sale on their shelves.
4	I got my favorite aqua blue armchair, with original upholstey AND working (well, I might add) caster wheels for a screaming 25 dollars. I also got my first book of music there when I was learning to play as a kid, paid 25 cents andstill might be able to eek out the Mash theme song, the Star Wars Theme Song, I'd Do Anything for Love (but I won't do that). I've never personally purchased clothing here. They have a soda machine, which I like in a thrift store. You just never know what's in there (besides religious music). Also a reportedly ok place to serve community service sentences, if you own a walkman!
3	I have gone by this place quite a few times since riding the light rail.  Its a small independent thrift store, which is partially what drew me in.  Like Rhonda said in her review, its not huge like the goodwills, or savers for that matter.  Much smaller in size, but you still have that eclectic selection of items to choose from...clothing, furniture, books, knick knacks and everything else you would expect to find at a place like this.I did not buy anything here this time around, but would probably return to shop and/or donate items.  The only upsetting thing is that they are closed on Sundays!
3	definitely not my favorite thrift shop in Tempe, but a goodie for surethe clothing selections is..well..pretty..pretty..badbutthere is a crap ton of furniture and other little household goods and trinkets i bought a leather Barcalounger for roughly $40prices here are decent, not the bestall in all good for a stop whilst on a thrifting quest
5	Love, love, love this thrift store....totally reminds me of stores from my childhood, back east. Full of goodies at ridiculously cheap prices....they even do 1/2 off day on the opposite Saturday as goodwill, which is a definite plus. Make sure u check out the windows they have killer costume accessories! Do it.
5	I like this thrift store because it is a REAL thrift store. I don't like this thrift store chain action that Savers is marketing, so it's nice to Yelp a thrift store and have a legit one show up.My boyfriend and I collect jars for sand we've collected on beaches through our life, and Gracie's did not disappoint! It's a huge shop with a large selection, including furniture.Everything is very well organized, and there are tons of treasures to discover!
3	I've been going to Gracie's for ten or so years now, and with a store like this in the kind of location it's in, you seriously never know what you may find. My three stars is a really honest look at the place, generally over friendly and fun staff, but the pickings typically seem like the riff raff Savers didn't want... and when they do get something good they throw a crazy price tag at it thinking they've struck gold. Gracie's is always worth a stop, and the money goes to help our community, just know it can sometimes seem like a second hand shop to another second hand shop.
5	Gracie's is the absolute best kind of thrift store. A little run down and a little cluttered, but full of lots of hidden treasure. I've found numerous vintage items, particularly dishware, worth 5-10 times their sticker price. You just have to know what you're looking for. And you have to be willing to do a bit of work yourself (eg, cleaning your finds once you get home). I've also scored lots of brand new, or close to brand new, small kitchen appliances at great deals. The thing about Gracie's is they just sort of throw everything on the shelves - but that's the fun, right? Getting to root through everything to find a treasure? It's also part of the reason their prices are so low. I make sure to swing by Gracie's once a month to see what new stuff they've got on the shelves.
3	Gracie's is a small thrift store with decent items.  The prices are a little less than you would pay at Goodwill.  You can get a pair of jeans for about $5.  If you need a belt, this would be a good place to go, only $2.  I didn't find anything to buy for myself, but we found a new pair of shorts for my son.  Only $2.50.   Just an FYI, it costs $0.75 to use your debit card.
5	I loved this store. I came here every week growing up and when I came back to visit Arizona after a year or so, my heart was broken. I believe Gracie's is closed now and they're building condos in the area.EDIT: Gracie's has moved to the plaza over right next door to Food City. The old location is being built into low-income apartments with Gracie's future location on the first floor.
5	low prices for an eclectic selection.
5	They recently re-opened and the new building is top-notch! Everything is new and clean and professional. Clothes, books, furniture, etc. all for great prices. This place isn't advertised like Goodwill so it's kind of a hidden gem. Be sure to arrive early on every other saturday for their 50% off sale.
4	New location literally across the street in a new building right across from Haji Baba's. They are still setting up inside so they do not have a huge selection, but everything was well organized. This place reminds me more of the old school thrift stores, and not the glossy Goodwills of today. If you are looking for genuine vintage finds to DIY or just to have in your home, this is the place to stop.Customer service was almost absent though, but I suppose that will pick up once they start doing more business. There was literally no one in the store when I went, and I think only one or two people came in while I was there. They have plenty of craft items, porcelain dolls, and books. They have several isles of books.
3	Gracie's at their old location used to be my favorite thriftshop in the area however with their new location I don't think I will be returning as often.Pros: The new building is much more organized and clean. They have a pretty big selection of children's toy's and the prices are still very low. They also have various sale dates available which you can find on their facebook page. Also the people that work here are extremely friendly. When I asked for an item to be held in the back while I shopped, I was graciously helped with a smile. Cons: The selection of household items was sparse but maybe this was because I came on a 50% off sunday later in the afternoon. I saw nothing in their furniture section and everything seemed to be picked over. It felt pretty busy with a dozen or so people in and out of the store even though I came late around 4:30. On my shopping trip I walked out with 2 cheap ties that were $2 each and an metal anchor and glass ball decoration for $6. Since it was a 50% off sale I paid a grand total of $4. While it was nice I didn't feel like there were any "hidden gems" like their old location.
3	Right now this place is re-doing the flooring, so things are sort of out of place. You can still walk around easily and see what they have. The store is big, but there is not much selection. Hopefully that will change once they get the flooring done. It was cold and clean inside, which was nice. Also, they played Christian music the entire time I was in there. It makes sense, they are affiliated with a church, and it didn't bother me, I just thought it was worth noting. Prices were great, it's just that nothing caught my eye. They had a calendar with special sale dates at the front of the store and an email list too.
5	If you are trying to decide what charity is most worthy of your contributions, donate to Gracie's Cottage.  Come see for yourself how this thrift store does everything from supporting the local community to supporting missionaries around the world.
