5	This wellness spa offers a holistic approach to beauty with a variety of services and classes. Staff is friendly, professional, and knowledgable. I also recommend the sugaring services.
5	A great place to come for sugaring. The staff is fabulous, they make you feel welcome and comfortable and take great care of you. Their approach is holistic and thorough.
5	I LOVE the services at this wellness spa. The nail specialist "Stacy", is very artistic and creative. She knows her business and is very articulate and professional. The Saturday Pilates/Yoga class is a great way to start your weekend. Very affordable. You do have to RSVP for the class. Every other Saturday they offer a doTERRA essential oil class for a minimal fee.  They choose several oils to spotlight, you learn how to make products using the oils, and take them home. For example: cleaning products, facial toners, children's jewelry for oils, sanitizers for children and classrooms etc. I try to make every class. Amber gives a great facial and is full of knowledge. I love the atmosphere and am making new friends each time I visit the spa.
5	I enjoy & love the warm, welcoming feeling of the spa.  Everyone is always so nice & smiling.  My Saturday mornings are a me moment time & I enjoy doing the Pilates class.  Michael also provides amazing massages.  They also have unique jewelry pieces, Do Terra oils, makeup & nutritional supplements...  Five stars!!!!
5	If you are looking for a professional massage ....look no further .... ask for Megan!My upper back was way too tight from dealing cards and she managed to fix it with only one visit ... I did ask for a firm massage and even though, I still had moments that I kind of lost consciousness (in a good way)..... BTW, she use Coconut oil for the massage .... Sooo good for your skin!I'll definitely go back.
5	What a great place with everything you need under one roof. Beautiful ambiance and very warm and inviting. I highly recommend stopping here and checking it out.
5	Such a lovely salon!  There is a continuity from the moment you walk in to any of the multiple services available to the essential oil hand soap and Terry towels in the restroom.  Massage Customs brought me in. The excellent service and relaxing atmosphere brought me back again and again.
5	Two feet in the door and I was impressed by the inviting aromatherapy, friendliness of the staff,  variety of services...
