5	Great place for Coffee and to meet with friends to talk.
5	Apparently, Honeycutt Coffee moved?! At least according to their former Yelp page it did. Nope, folks, still in the same place.Oh well, I'll go ahead and contribute another review, and up my rating to five stars. Why? Honeycutt Coffee is becoming a Saturday mainstay for me. Finish my training at Crossfit 347, hop on over to HC get myself an Iced Toddy to cool down on the drive back into town. As you'll see in the pictures, the atmosphere is warm and inviting in an otherwise boring Maricopa Strip Mall. There's plenty of cozy furniture to read a book or catch up with a friend, and large / small tables are available for whatever you need to get done. You can tell the owner is invested in the community, which is awesome. On my most recent visit (today), there was lots of Maricopa High School Rams Athletic attire adorning the walls. So far, I've only tried an Iced Tea, Iced Toddy with a pump of Salted Caramel. The Toddy is strong and will wake up the sleepiest of folks. Today, I tried the Teddy Bear Latte at the barista's suggestion.I'm not a huge fan of milk-based, syrupy sweet beverages (a la Starbucks, gross) but this was delicious. The TBL has both Salted Caramel and Spiced Brown Sugar in it. I'll definitely be ordering this beverage again. The barista today was kind enough to remake my drink (accidentally ordered it hot) even though the mistake was mine. Now that's great customer service! Oh, speaking of customer service, almost forgot ... Make sure you sign up for a punch card. Think it's buy 10, you get the 11th free. And unlike traditional paper punch cards, this one's like a gift card: You can preload it! Also,  I think if you load a certain amount, HC adds extra money on to it. When I started mine, Eric the owner was nice enough to credit my last three weekend's Toddys to my card. Thanks, Eric! :)Remember, this place closes early afternoon, so check the hours before you go. Thanks for brightening up my weekends, Honeycutt Coffee team!
4	Great lil coffee joint. The owner is super cool.....even for a Seahawks fan....lol. Great coffee and awesome atmosphere. Gets busy at different parts of the day.
5	Great coffee, iced green tea, and food too!  Great place to have a meeting, chat, or just relax and do some work.
4	Let's start with the bad, the price is a bit high for what you get and the breakfast sandwich was a waste of money. Now the good, the place is relaxing and I like the way it is set up. I really enjoyed the coffee and the staff is friendly and give great service. I won't get a breakfast sandwich again but I will go back for everything else.
4	I spent the day working here, and it was nice. Good selection of drinks and the food was great. There could be some more places to plug in a laptop. I saw the few people who came and went who had them searching around and I felt bad for having one close to a table.This will be my spot of choice in Maricopa, whenever I'm working in the area. I came because the usual default Starbucks in this town are both located inside of grocery stores.I wish they were open past 5, however. The location might not be worthwhile for them to do so, though.The variety of people coming and going, none of which were from the area, was nice. It reminded me of first impressions of Tempe when I moved there 15 years ago, and kind of made me want to look at home prices in the area. I'm not moving here, but my day today kinda made me think about it.
5	I am a coffee snob from Washington State. This is the best coffee I have had in Arizona. The brothers that work there are great people.
