4	Great selection of rooms when travelling with a family.  I believe this was converted from what used to be an apartment building.  It is in a quiet neighborhood of Westmount, but close enough to Sherbrooke so that I was able to walk to and from the Ritz Carlton for my uncles wedding.The room we had was in the traditional style of just about any Residence Inn that you might stay in elsewhere . . . it had a full small kitchen, including a refrigerator to store some basic items.  We had a two bedroom suite which was right off the elevator -- and was laid out exactly as an apartment might be (since it was at one time).  It had a balcony which overlooked Mount Royal and gave a nice view of the sunset.And of course there was the complimentary breakfast buffet which had lots to of good stuff to choose from -- and since I was travelling with family, we brought breakfast up to the suite to give us some privacy. My only problem with this place was the parking . . . it was available on-site but was EXTREMELY tight fitting for a minivan to maneuver through (barely an inch to spare between the top of the mini van and the pipes running across the ceiling of the parking lot).  Since it was a rental, I opted for the outdoor parking a few blocks away for the remainder of our stay.
4	I've stayed here twice and both times had good experience.  The room was basic, but clean, with a full small kitchen.   Staff was extremely friendly & helpful.  The first time, they had a full service breakfast restaurant, which was excellent.  But the second time they only did a buffet type breakfast, which was fine, and easy.  The indoor pool on the top floor has amazing views of the city.  Hotel also has a parking garage (good for small cars).  A couple blocks up from Ste. Catherine St, and close to a subway stop.  Would definately stay here again.
4	This place has a great location and fantastic amenities. The rooms are spacious and you can easily fit many people into a room for a party. Place is usually really busy though. Breakfast on the weekends can be madness as everyone in the hotel seemed to get in line for food at once. Park in the lot behind the hotel not at the hotel because you'll save a good deal of money.
3	The hotel itself is pretty clean. You get a good breakfast buffet with your stay. The hotel is also pretty close to St. Catherine Street where a lot of the action is, so it's in a good location. My only 2 complaints about the hotel are:1) The parking garage is made for tiny people in tiny cars, but that's not my complaint. My complaint is that the front desk people only ask if you need "parking" - they didn't ask what type of car you have. My best friend had to stand in front of my Honda Pilot and make sure I wasn't going to hit anything.2) The elevator must be from the 20's because it is S-L-O-W!  We were only on the 3rd floor, so we ended up taking the stairs most of the time instead of waiting 10 minutes for the elevator to come up 3 floors (no exaggeration).So, all in all, if you're only in town for a couple days, want a centrally located hotel and don't mind taking the stairs then this is a good hotel.  If you have a larger automobile and/or aren't in shape enough to walk up and down the stairs then this is NOT the hotel for you.
5	Love, love, love this hotel!  It may be a bit old, but the location, staff, cleanliness, breakfast and all else was great! It's apparent that the management of this hotel is very talented.It was away from the hubub in a peaceful residential area, and less than a 3 block walk from the metro.  So, getting anywhere was easy.The breakfast was terrific.  Eggs, pancakes, waffles, bagels, fruit, etc. etc. etc.  Fresh and tasty.  The dining room staff worked so hard and were helpful whenever something was needed.  I hope they get the recognition they deserve.The suite (bedroom, living room and kitchenette) were very comfy, cozy and clean!I can't say enough about the staff.  They were incredibly professional, friendly and helpful.  In fact, I'd say they were the best staff I've ever encountered at a Marriott...and I say almost exclusively at Marriott properties...100s over the years.  Juan, Arnaud and Marie Claude...thank you for making the stay so wonderful!
4	We stayed here 08/30 to 09/04 for five nights over the labor day weekend. Our flight arrived late on 08/29 in Burlington, VT, so we got our rental and drove up to Montreal and found things to occupy our time until the morning. We pulled into the Hotel at 9 am on the longshot that we could check in early. The hotel clerk checked and said she had a room and was even able to upgrade us to a suite vs the studio we had booked.(we were staying on Marriott Rewards points and that is all they would let us book online) Onsite parking is available at ~ $23 USD/night Our room was on the 6th floor, and while we didn't get a suite with a king size bed, we did get suite with two double beds which worked out just fine. It allowed us to load up our suitcases on the second bed and sleep in the other. Hotel appears to be recently and tastefully renovated. Kitchen with electric cooktop, dishwasher, convection microwave and fridge/freezer.  Room had an odd smell which I'm not sure was because of them allowing pets, or what but it was a bit odd. Breakfast is included with all rooms and we found it to be well appointed and on par (if not better) than the other Residence Inn's we have stayed at lately. Amenities included rooftop pool (which was very nice looking), gym with 3-4 treadmills and weights, and saunas in the men's and women's restrooms. Location is good and just a couple blocks from the Atwater metro station. Area isn't quite as nice as other properties further North West Rue Sainte Catherine, but we never felt threatened (although I don't think if I was a woman walking alone I'd feel to safe). You could tell the apartments in the area were of a lower income level, but I wouldn't classify the area as the hood. Area has plenty of places to eat and pick up groceries within walking distance.Overall we had a pleasant stay. Breakfast buffet is always a plus as the food is good and provides motivation each day to get up and start the day. Staff was friendly and the hotel was in very nice condition (should be given the remodel) I'd say the only downside is that there are only two lifts to service all 20 floors - so waiting for the lift could prove tiresome at times. Otherwise a very nice property in a convenient location.
5	One of the best places for a reasonable stay in Montreal. It is very clean, great staff, and also has self parking. The location is right near the old forum, and at the beginning of downtown. The restaurant makes a nice breakfast as well.
4	This hotel is three blocks from a metro station and seven blocks from a lot of restaurants and bars.  The rooms were wonderful and the pool and gym on the Penthouse were great for views.  However, there were only two very slow elevators for the entire hotel.  Walk up the stairs when you can.
4	Close to the metro in a quieter area of Montreal. Rooms were good. Elevators were quite slow. Only two small elevators to accommodate all guests equaled a longer wait to reach your room.
5	It's a shame this hotel doesn't have more reviews etc. Probably because it is a hidden gem of sorts. This hotel is located just a few blocks away from the very lively Rue St. Catharine so it's ideal in that it's nice and peaceful in the area around the hotel but one can walk to RSC in less than 5 minutes. The rooms were atleast twice the size of a hotel you might encounter in a New York city or San Francisco, and at half the price. My room was a suite style room, although I didn't avail of the amenities in the room it was nice to know that these were available.The service was of particular note at this hotel. One got the feeling that the front desk staff are very talented, knowledgeable and skilled in interacting with guests. They were amazingly polite and personal. I had one of the members pull out a map and draw a walking route through downtown Montreal which I did take. It was good to see the staff take that much pride in presenting information about this great city.Affordably priced, great location, peaceful, quiet with a great staff, would definitely recommend this hotel
5	I've stayed at my fair share of Marriott locations (Platinum status, anyone?), and this has to be one of the best ones! We were greeted with a "Bonjour! Hello!" the moment we walked in the front door, and that set the pace for the duration of our stay. The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful, and as visitors, they made us feel at home. The room was large and spacious (Queen bedroom, living room, balcony, kitchen, bathroom), and it was in impeccable shape. Parking was easy on the property, as well, and it's located right in the basement.The location of the hotel was prime, I might add. It was close to the metro, which made our travel around Montreal exponentially easier, and walking distance from the hotel were a ton of restaurants and bars. I can't really comment on the price per night because I used points that I accumulated during my travels, but no matter what the cost, this place has amazing value; honestly, it's the value you want and is most important.Thank you to the entire staff at this location for making my stay absolutely wonderful!
4	Great location on a quite street but close to shops and the metro. I would highly recommended this hotel, especially if you have some Category 1-4 certificates to use.  Getting an upgrade was easy with elite status and the service was great.  The hotel is old, but does not look dated. Would definitely go back again!  We just had a small issue being charged for something erroneously, but a quick e-mail took care of it all.
4	Check-in couldn't have been simpler buy parking was a pain. Apparently the hotel lot (underground) is tiny and my grand caravan had to be parked up the hill, 4 blocks away in a public lot for $20/day... I would have appreciated clear instructions from the front desk... I mean they gave me a map to the parking lot but no indication that it was public, outdoor and needed to be paid for...Our 2-bedroom suite was spacious and clean although somewhat dated. The living room and kitchen were great and the balcony looked nice (the -30 windchill make the balcony a spectator sport only). The bedrooms were nice and big as well.The beds and pillows are 2-3 stars at best. The beds were small queens and the mattresses were very firm (the kind a hotel guys to avoid having to replace them regularly). The pillows were small and too squishy (bed too firm, pillows too soft... I was having a goldilocks moment...).Overall this hotel does provide a great location at a great price and the amenities and decent.
4	A wonderful place to stay in Montreal.  It is clean, close to metro, and restaurants.  Breakfast buffet has a variety of choice. Staff is very friendly.  The parking spot in the garage is tight.  If your car is larger than a regular size sedan, you might want to consider parking somewhere else.  Beds are not very comfortable,  but bearable for a night or two.
2	I assumed this place was going to be superb considering the quality of the reviews but honestly I was wrong. The service was pretty good and the buffet style breakfast was decent. But the building is old and run down on (on the outside)and right next to a big ugly apartment building, I honestly feel as if the balcony was a waste of money to build. The elevator was horrible, It took 15ish minutes to get to the eleventh floor and its almost always completely full.The rooms were okay and it had a full sized kitchen but even though I'm and elite member I was unable to get an upgrade. The basement parking is made for people with smart cars, my antenna bent back quite far and almost snapped due to the height of the parking. I went down to the lobby  to get a soda but it was quite overpriced. (around 3 dollars) I generally liked the location but it was a little gritty.
2	I've stayed at this hotel three times and this was by far my worst experience. First, our room had not heat and it was freezing. They sent up a repair person to try and fix it - after some time he threw up his hands and gave up. We were then moved to another room - not a huge deal.  Second, one of the two old/slow elevators broke on Saturday night. Sunday was a disaster trying to get up or down. We walked 9 flights with our bags. Again not a huge deal, but we are in good shape. Third, breakfast was sparse at 9. As stated above, not a big deal. But, looking at the experience as a whole it was a kind of a big deal. I do not plan to return.
