4	Listen. I'm embarrassed to say this, but I need to be upfront.  I am addicted to those spicy carrots you find at most mexican joints like this.  And this place maybe has the best in town!not that the rest of the food is not tasty!  I usually get the carne asada nachos or a beef burrito.  Always delicious.  but the carrots.  /stomach growloh oh.I guess i gotta go down there for lunch today!
4	The carne asada here is always a lot better than what I've had at other taquerias.  I've had the restraint not to order the carne asada fries for quite a while, but they are made perfectly here.  I'm not a decadent dessert kind of guy, so things like carne asada fries are my definition of a guilty indulgence.  If you've never had it, it's basically a pile of crispy french fries covered with nacho toppings.Not everything else on the menu is quite as good as the carne asada, but I don't think I've ever ordered anything that I disliked.
1	Not impressed. I came here when I was starving after a late-night flight for some late-night chow. #FAIL I discarded my shrimp burrito mid-way b/c it had a glass-cleaner/freezer-burnt taste and was generally repulsive. I knew that if I finished it, I'd feel like crap for the entire next day. After a few bites I felt like I'd just chowed down a harvest of grain. My poor stomach.
4	Shuttling between old apartment and my new place here in Sunrise, we had to have breakfast takeaway, and I was pleased.  Delicious. The breakfast burrito was all the fuel I needed for a day of packing and moving. Now that we are solid residents and I have tried other Mexican eateries in the area, I must say, the quality of the cooked meats is levels above the other guys. The carne asada burrito my husband had was made well and I was happy to see that the carnitas in mine was still recognizable as pork. I abhor meat cooked or charred to a tasteless jerky.  I also love that the condiment bar was kept well. The pickled onions are AMAZING and carrots are a necessary accompaniment.
3	I'll start by saying I eat here twice a week and usually REALLY like it!!! Tonight however, BIG disappointment!!!  I ordered 2 chicken tacos no lettuce, simple enough right??? NOPE!!!  These things where so over cooked and burned the shell actually crumbled from trying to add salt!!! I thought I ordered chicken tacos, apparently I ordered chicken jerky tacos... Driest nastiest chicken I have eaten IN MY LIFE!!! Conveniently I live across the street, so I returned in hopes of getting my usual good chicken tacos... I received the tacos with lettuce, returned them again and received them back no lettuce better shells and far drier chicken then the first time!!! This high 3 star rating is only because I'm giving them credit for the 4 star they would usually get from me... This visit was a 1 at best!!! Maybe I'll have to go back to Robertos'
4	I returned and they redeemed themselves!!! More impressive since it was a late night visit... My Chicken taco was fresh and juicy like I'm used too!!! KEEP IT UP!!!
4	I've eaten here plenty of times and always happy with the quality of the meal. My favorite are there fries with al pastor! It comes with all the fixings like nachos but instead of chips they use French fries!!! Love the salsas available too, compliments any item perfectly! I like to order their shrimp burrito when I want a change of taste and it is scrumptious!!! Imagine jambalaya wrapped in a tortilla and there's your shrimp burrito.I haven't eaten here in awhile mainly because service there has been on a downward spiral, I ordered thru the drive thru and it took me roughly twenty minutes to get my food, I understand (and appreciate) thoroughly cooked food but that's a long wait for drive thru service maybe they should hire a couple more workers to speed up productivity.I gave this place 4 stars because I truly love the food and would recommend it to anyone, just have to make sure that they aren't in a hurry for their food
4	Viva El Taco has been my late night stop since before I met my husband. Now that we live in Henderson I seldom get the chance to stop. So last week when we were on the way to my Dad's we stopped by. Wow! They have not changed a bit! Still yummy as ever! This was my husbands first time trying Viva El Taco. He ordered the Al Pastor burrito and I got the Carne Asada burrito. Both were loaded with meat, guacamole and pico! Mmmmm soooo tasty! They also have a killer fish taco. My husband has been craving that burrito ever since!Not only is the food awesome, but the prices are great too. If your on the east side make sure you swing by for some tacos.
1	We went to live to eat taco and I got the cashier service bues these ali does not want to take water from natural and has a bad attitude bad
1	A few minutes after our family's food was ready, we realized our toddler's chicken nuggets order was not served. Turns out they hadn't even started to make it. When we finally received it, it was raw in the center! I showed the cashier the raw chicken and she gave me a refund (she gave no apology and seemed not to care). Also, one of the salsas at the salsa bar was spoiled.
