4	I'm guessing there were at least 100 vendors today; made this a great place to holiday shop!Handmade Arcade is a total experience, including kid-friendly activities, live music, and dance performances.  Can get crowded, but being at the Convention Center, traffic moved well through the venue.Loved the non-typical DJ spinning classics from the 50s; nice added bonus.
5	This was an excellent event and I was extremely happy with the quality of all the locally produced goods. There was something for everyone there, I ended up blowing way too much money at this place. I couldn't believe that there was no entrance fee! Bonus mo money for the vendors. I can't wait for next year!
4	We are seeing a variety of crafts. Some are fantastic and some . . . Not so much. I love the environment. It inspires me to be more creative myself. I am loving the organ grinder as well as the female dance troupe. Glad we decided to come downtown and check it out.
5	Imagine Portlandia and all the types of hipsters there.  Like, even the subcultures with no names.  They're at Handmade Arcade - with all their styles, all their wares.  One day a year, in one place, you can stock up and become the best kind of hipster there is: the Ironic Pittsburgh t-shirt Yinzer Hipster.  Doesn't get better than that.  I should know...
5	this is the second year ive been here. this year i took my wife and we both loved it! Can't wait for next year
5	This has been my second Yelp event. It was great! I'm a craft person and a jewelry fanatic, but then again what girl isn't. They had a lot of booths with my exact taste! I loved it and I'll definetly be going back!
5	Here's to Handmade Arcade's 11th year of business! It's cool but unsurprising that they've succeeded this long, especially in a community-centered city like Pittsburgh. This was actually my first year at the official HA - I'd usually catch mini-arcades or a couple of their regular vendors at other events, but I'd never make it to the convention center for the actual HA. Firstly, I heard from friends I ran into on the street that I missed the busiest part of the day - and I am not complaining! Going later in the day meant I could more easily explore the booths. This year's vendors were selling things like reworked vintage jewelery, original prints, homemade clothing and accessories, and oh so much more. My favorites were the vintage jewelery and homemade candles, especially the ones sold in decorative teacups and mugs. Simple, unique, and the perfect gift!I didn't stop for any of the hands-on activities so I can't comment on those, but there are indeed booths where you can get your own projects going. Shopping and craft-making with music and artwork in the background - what's not to like? The fact that everyone and everything is local is just the cherry on top in my opinion. Definitely add this award winning, ever growing show to your list of things to do in the 'Burgh - it's a must!
4	I heard so many great things about handmade arcade and could not wait to check it out! I adore art and craft shows and love supporting small businesses and artists, so I knew I had to attend this year. Their website was easy to navigate and informed my family and I that parking would be free in any Pittsburgh parking authority garage! Which was awesome to know because the other option would be to pay $12 for parking in the David Lawrence convention center. Admission was free! Maps were provided to locate the artists you were looking for. And of course there was an awesome yelp booth where I spun the wheel and won awesome free sunglasses! :) There were TONS of booths. Lots to look at. The one thing that drove me a little insane was how crowded it was, which is to be expected. I also couldn't help but be happy that it was so busy- for all the artists sake. They also had tons of recycling bins which made the Eco conscious nerd in me super happy. Compared to other craft shows, this one is pretty pricey. I could not afford to come here and get all of my gifts for Christmas. Although- the gifts you will find here are unlike anything you could find in some store and the quality of most of the products is unbeatable as well. Overall, I had an awesome time admiring the art in handmade arcade and am looking forward to attending next year as well!
3	Poor Lawrenceville - it must have been struggling! All the hipsters appeared to have swarmed to the Handmade Arcade. Hipsters aside, the event was fairly good. I expected a lot more stalls and a larger space given that it was held at the Convention Centre. My favourite stalls were those with various Pittsburgh related kitsch items - t-shirts, prints, woodwork, pierogi aprons etc. However, I do draw the line at spending $25 on a mug merely featuring a generic Pittsburgh bridge around the base.Overall, it was a fun way to spend an hour or so of my weekend and likely serves well for those you want to find unique and quirky holiday presents for their friends and family.
