3	Good booze, corned beef, live music and drink and appetizer specials.  All this and open until 2 AM.  If any of the above are what you're looking for in Mesa, then you owe it to yourself to check out this sports bar.  By the way, the ribs were pretty tasty too.
4	This is a fun Irish bar to go to, the beers are big and the food is pretty good too. On Tuesdays, they will do 2 for 1 burgers with the purchase of 2 beverages, so bring a friend and have a beer and a burger is free. The weekends get pretty busy at night as it is a bar, and they always have the main even fights going on, so check it out and buy a Guinness.
3	Stopped in here to catch the tail end of happy hour last night.  Grabbed a "BlackSmith" (Guiness and Smithwicks) in a 25oz mug along with the mini-rack of pork ribs over seasoned fries appetizer.   Appetizers were half off, domestic mugs $3.50 IIRC, and $1 off other drafts.   My tab came to about $12. The food was decent, but not exceptional in my mind.   The ribs were tasty, although a tad on the dry side.  The amount of seasoning they put on the steak fries was perfect.  I really like the fact that they have 25oz drafts, because 1 beer is never quite enough to quench the thirst if I'm having food.  The inside of the place is about what I've come to expect out of an "Irish" bar, lots of dark wood, brass, and mirrors.  Crowd seemed pretty average joe.  Wait staff was attentive and nice.
2	RT O'Sullivan's was decent, but forgettable.  I can't even remember what I ate there.  I do remember that the service was decent, but I DID have to wait a little too long for my beer and food.  I didn't have much time before my class started so I was getting a bit anxious.  Overall, it was okay.  I probably wouldn't go back there again.  I only went there the one time because of the hype it receives.Meh, Hype is over-rated...
4	Great neighborhood bar.  Plenty of inside seating both around the bar, and at tables.  Large exterior patio, complete with big screen tvs.They usually have the UCF Fights on, as well as other sporting events, and those do get crowded and lout.  On other nights, it's a typical bar.  They do a pretty decent ladies night, my biggest complaint is that they play a lot of hip-hop, and I'm not a big fan.Plenty of pool tables and a dart board to keep you occupied.  They go on and off of playing Name that Tune, so you might want to check, but if they are doing it, it's hilarious.  They also hold poker tournaments sometimes.Prices on drinks are great, they have a good happy hour, and I have never been disappointed by the food.Overall, this is one of my favorite places to just hang out with friends and beer.
4	Tonight, April 10th, was my second venture out to R.T. O'Sullivan's.  Hubby and I went with our #EVFN group.  The Irish theme is great and the back area they reserved for us was perfect.  The waitress was excellent!  I would say of the best ones we've had with our large group.  She seemed to keep track of everything and every order.   She seemed to even keep track of where people moved to.   I gave them a four star rating because I definitely would like to go back. We were made to feel welcome and the atmosphere was perfect for our group.  The prices were a little bit higher but I did notice that we did not have the 18% gratuity added to our bill as other places do.  Which is a plus considering the waitress waited on a group of between 30 to 35 people and did separate checks for each of us.I had an appetizer and tea.  Their spinach appetizer was good and the ice tea was outstanding.  My glass never seemed to be empty.
5	R.T. O'Sullivan's really hit the spot! The service and the atmosphere were outstanding. We were put into the back room which was perfect for our large group of 45 plus. The server kept track of everything even as people moved around and socialized. The food was wonderful. We will be going back!
4	Went out for the weekly #evfn (East Valley Friday Nights). Had never been before, and really enjoyed the atmosphere! They handled our large group of 40+ very well, and still managed to keep the service prompt and pleasant. I didn't eat a meal, but did have their Southwestern Fries appetizer, which was basically nachos with french fries instead of chips. It was HEAVEN. I'd definitely go back and try a meal.
4	You know what makes for a fun night at an Irish sports pub? Getting 45+ of your friends to go with you. Hats off  to RTO's for taking care of us with flying colors. Everyone had a great time.I'm not going to dump on their beer choices. It's an Irish sports bar, and they have a wide selection of on-tap beers that fit that niche nicely. Sure, I'd love to see some kegs of various IPAs available, but I'm not complaining. Especially after 3 of the 22 ouncers. Hooray for a designated driver.I had one of the burgers. I forget which one. Both times I've been here, I've asked the waitress what SHE eats. Each time, it's been a burger they've brought me. Damn fine burgers.Great time!
4	Friday night, #evfn event. We had abotu 45 or so folks there, a little less than usual, Good Firday. Guess I am one of the reasons we went there. My friend, Jeniffer invited me there a few weeks back for a cold one. The place was hopping at the time. Good bartenders, friendly gals and had answers for all the questions: What's good, appetizers, meals, etc. Met the owner and had a great chat.I ordered the sliders then, and this past Friday. I had the meatloaf sliders this time. They had an unexpected kick to them. Probably a little extra pepper, not complaining just wasn't expecting it. So if you don't like spice, ask to see if the other is less.The sliders are nothing fancy, onion on top is great touch but other than bun that's about it. Beer choice was good, what do I know..I drink Pilsners and Coronas. Had the Corona. I ordered during Happy Hour, so my tab was about $8, $4 for the sliders and $3 for Corona. On a budget these days so that was about it.I did get to try the battered fish from a friend, that was mighty tasty and I saw two friends devours the peach cobbler with vanilla ice cream. All I can say is that Rachel and April both had BIG grins on their face and looked very satisfied.Our waitress was awesome in that she didn't mind separate tabs, didn't ask for cards, etc. and checked you out when you needed to leave. Ii did take a little longer for the new/late folks to get ordered, BUT the orders came out VERY FAST!I'd would come back, we would of thought about outside perhaps, but we picked that Friday when by about 5pm it looked like 10pm with all the dark clouds.
5	Our evfn (east valley friday nights) group landed at RT O'Sullivans last Friday evening and it was fantastic!  We'd arranged to have a separate area for our social group, so though the TVs were on they weren't so loud we couldn't hear each other speak. The waitress (as far as I know) kept up with everyone's needs and the food was really good.  My only issue is they only have pear cider. I prefer a hard apple cider like Strongbow and there were no choices.We were treated so well I'm sure we'll be back again.
1	I'm gonna have to disagree with Mandi on this one. RTO Sullivan's is misleading and disappointing. You think you're heading into a cool Irish Pub, but it's more of a trashy Mesa sports bar with horrible music and a generic and bland atmosphere. The people are the worst thing about this bar. It's ok if you go with a huge group of friends, but if you're just dropping by it's like a trip to a trailer park. The only redeeming qualities are the good happy hour menu and the leprechaun in the ladies' room.
4	Went there last week to get some work done with a colleague. The beer was cheap and the food was plentiful (typical sports bar food). They have FREE wifi, which is always a plus. It pretends to be an Irish Pub but it's more like an Irish Pub and local Sports Bar mashup. I was annoyed that our waiter asked if we needed anything else about every 10 minutes for two hours.After three hours of this (and yes we were eating and drinking, not just sitting) we met up with a group of our friends (#evfn) and moved to a private room that was quite accomodating. We had two servers back there who kept everything straight for our group of 30+ people.
4	Just recently moved to the Mesa area an R.T O'sullivan's is right up the street from my apt so i figured I would check it out. While I agree with others that say there is too much rap played there, I have yet to find a bar/club that isnt playing rap on a friday or saturday night so I was able to deal with it. Attractive bartenders and pretty good prices made it much easier to handle. Add in that they show the UFC fights and many other events and I think I have found my new neighborhood bar.
3	Decent sports bar.  Don't get me wrong, they have tons of beer choices, decent to good service, and plenty of pub fare...  Few things that bugged me last time..No waitress for about 5 minutes after I sat downSouthwest egg rolls, while good, were tiny compared to other placesToo many tv's had the volume on..  the football game was impossible to hear..I'll be back though..
3	I was in Mesa on vacation and desperate for somewhere to watch Champions League soccer, which was only being shown on Setanta Sports and Fox Soccer Channel.  The food was mediocre, but I was very impressed with the soccer coverage.
2	This was the only place near my house that had the Bears games on the big screen, so I have gone several times.  Put it this way,.. this year I shelled out the $ and got DirecTV so I didn't have to go to this dump anymore.  The service was pretty decent, but the food was wildly inconsistent and mediocre at best.  I've had a decent cheeseburger there, but I've also had one of the worst burgers there.  One time the wings were ok, the next time I could hardly eat them.  Once I ordered a breakfast burrito, which was actually really good but the salsa tasted old and almost bad and the country potatoes were definitely straight out of the fridge and undercooked.They had $2 Coors, but that was about it people.  Don't eat there if you don't have to!
3	So what I can remember of this place to be quite honest (bc this was the second stop, in which I was already a bit sloshed), the bar was alright. I mean when we got there I was expecting more of a pub by the name of the place but it was more less a sports bar. The staff was all really nice, and made a good stiff drink so no complaints there, and they had a lil area in which the ones whom thought they could dance could rock it out to say the least. The music wasn't too shabby, a variety was played and the crowd was easy on the eyes. I wouldn't mind going back.
4	Last night I went to RTO's to watch the boxing match.  They have plenty of tv's and a good crowd for the fights.  I got my favorite thing there the southwest egg rolls.  They are just amazing.  Chicken, black beans, corn, spinach, jalapenos & pepper jack cheese stuffed into a crunchy egg roll wrapper with this amazing chipolte ranch to dip them in.  I honestly could eat 2 or 3 orders of them.  The service was great always had a full beer and was checked on frequently which was nice for how crowded it was.
4	Wasn't sure about trying this place but I definitely enjoyed it. Although it is a sports restaurant with plenty of TVs at good angles to catch the action, it's not loud, as someplace like Buffalo Wild Wings can be. I absolutely loved their mushroom and zucchini appetizer, and my sandwich was yummy too.
4	Sadly when I was in, there were no drink specials, so I had to console myself with a large KiltLifter. Excellent staff, {very easy on the eyes, Yay Stephanie! and casey}Pool tables and enough large screen TV's to choke a horse, this is a 'typical' sports bar with a friendly ambiance. I didn't have any food but the 'Sliders' were delicious. (Her words, not mine, lol) They have most every sports event either on or available, come for Football if ya have a chance.
3	this is the place to get great food and watch all your favorite sports event many screen visible from every table not only is the food great but reasonblly priced
4	Nice sports bar. Plenty of seating. Friendly bartenders. Beers were reasonably priced. We had the grilled chicken sandwich with artichoke hearts, tomato and melted swiss on a nicely toasted thick slice of bread.  We'll be back!
3	The beer is ok, the atmosphere can get rowdy depending on what sport and who is playing.  We've been there to smoke cigars on the patio and to watch presidential debates.  The prices are OK, there is free wireless, and the staff is very accommodating.
5	Great sports bar!  Shows most UFC, Boxing and WWE pay per views.  Friendly staff, good food....  draft beer selection could be a little better, but other than that, one of my favorite local pubs.
4	It's been me and my buddies' Friday happy hour joint for a while now, so time to brag a bit.Good relaxed ambiance with diverse music.Drink specials a great $2-$5 beers (depending on origin). Food is good if you're into bar food, but not if you're a healthnut/vegetarian/organic etc.A bunch of cute and helpful staff members running around and keeping your drinks full (and your table clean).Great place to get happy with some friends.
4	My daughter's boyfriend (who is from AZ) and I visited this place on Saturday afternoon, before dinner, just to get a couple of beers and check it out.  It was awesome.  The service was quick, the waitress was friendly and very nice.  Didn't stay long, but we will definitely be going back!!! Great place!!!
3	Seemed like an ok place but the service was awful. Server didn't know what beer was on draft, left our table for L O N G periods of time and took our glasses without asking if we wanted refills. We did but decided to go elsewhere for the rest of the night. Lots of regulars in the place, great for people watching. I'll try it again.
2	Went here Saturday night with 8 people after a conference at MCC (nearby). We wanted to talk and many of us hadn't seen each other for months, but we should've checked. See it was fight night and the speakers were TURNED ALL THE WAY UP! I am not talking about loud, but I am talking that I personally could not hear my friend sitting one foot away. We were very annoyed and almost canceled our order. We asked the waitress to ask the bartender to turn it down just a little (the fight hadn't even started yet!) and he said NO. We were not happy, ate and left quickly.A few other notes. The beer selection has become very limited. Fat Tire, Kiltlifter and few "Irish" beers, but the Cork Burger and Mac&Cheese were awesome.If you want football, they have it. Opens at 9am Sundays for NFL & each area features a different game. The booths have TVs on booth (come early!) and the fans are really fun.
5	The food was delicious and the beer was great!  Service was friendly and quick! Would come here again!
4	My new favorite sports bar.  I've heard about RT's but never came.  Finally, my visit here is well received.  Came after a fight night, but apparently they show the fight here too.  Plus, all the NFL games.  Service was not at it's best, but maybe because we sat in the patio.  The place definitely had the Irish sports bar feel and look.  The men's restroom was interesting, but let me tell you about the women's restroom.  I was invited in because my gal pal said I had too see this.  Needless to say there's a huge Troll looking back at you in the mirror -- totally awesome, but spooky.  Why do I like this joint?  Dancing drunk old man and the drinks are cheap.  Take a shot of whiskey to warm yourself in the patio and enjoy your company. - Enjoy!
1	Had an hour for a beer, some grub and a chat with my guy. The server said "that's a good question" when I asked what kind of San Tan Brewery beer they had on tap. When I pointed out on the menu that it said to ask the server what San Tan was on tap, she restated "that's a good question"! I suggested perhaps she inquire to find the answer to my good question.The beer was good.Ordered appetizers that never came. Although several servers wandered around aimlessly, trying to deliver us wings we didn't order. (3x). It was so loud that we couldn't talk. There is nothing Irish about the place but a few Guiness signs. Sit by the door and you too can smoke the cigars from the patio people, whether you want to or not. It is new so maybe we will try again in a few months but probably not.
3	We went to R.T. O'Sullivan's on a Saturday late afternoon--arriving at about 4:30 pm. Not crowded, plenty of seating and we found a table we liked.We were hoping to find a terrific Irish Pub in our neighborhood, but didn't.As a Sports Bar, this place is pretty good. Lots of big screen TVs, showing many different games and auto races on the day we came. Some of the tables have TVs of their own, so that could be a very useful thing!Classic rock music from the 70s and 80s playing at an appropriate volume level in the background. We had no trouble conversing.Having checked the menu on line, we ordered a Guinness and Kilt Lifter draft. Didn't have either. (Can a well-run Irish Pub really be out of Guinness?) Settled for a Blue Moon and Irish Red Amber. Former was good, as usual, the latter a little watery for my taste.Terrific service throughout the visit. Server stopped by frequently to see if everything was OK and if we needed anything.Tonight's special was $9.99 for three of the Irish dinners, so I ordered a Shepherd's Pie. Very disappointing, as the "mashed potatoes" on top were clearly made from flakes. Menu promised peas, carrots, and other vegetables inside. There were a few, but small pieces and not crunchy as I had hoped. No sides, but a couple of ordinary white-bread rolls--just as you might find at the grocery store. This dish disappointed, as I have had many better at many Irish Pubs in the area.My companion ordered the Sligo burger, featuring BBQ bacon and jalapenos covered in cheddar cheese. The sandwich was the best of our dishes, juicy and tasty. Side of fries was OK, but just ordinary.Many families at this hour. We sat in the lower portion, rather than the bar, and found the atmosphere pleasant. Restroom was what you would expect from a local bar--neither clean nor dirty.We might go back to see a sporting event on TV, but not as a place to eat a meal.
3	Their staff isnt the nicest.Good taps, good shepherds pie, bad fish and chips.A great place to go on St Paddys though.
1	My decided to go there in Friday night. The place was empty. We arrived at 830 and had to seat ourselves on the patio because the hostess was not there. The waitresses outside, who kept looking our way, didnt bring us over a menu or take our drink orders until 9. Finally we got to order our drinks which never showed up. Finally at 920 we decided to walk out. With the economy how it is and with the amount of traffic there one would think they would be starving for our business. That obviously wasnt the case.
2	I come here often because my bf likes to watch the wrestling events and I like to watch my Dallas Cowboy games. The wrestling event would cost us around 40 bucks at home and that doesn't include food, so our best option is going out to watch it. The food is actually really good. My issue is with the service. I have had some good servers here but for the most part they pretty much suck. Maybe they are really busy, but my guess is they don't care about pleasing us because they get to add 15 percent gratuity regardless of what we want. They have no incentive to be good servers. This is an issue and should be changed. You don't get free refills on soda which is understandable but if you order a meal you should at least get one free refill. It's a little ridiculous of you ask me. I asked for a side of mayo and watched my burger get cold as I waited for 15 minutes to get it. The crappy part is the fact that my server came to my table at least 2 times without it, she had to have noticed that my burger was untouched and my bf's was gone. That my friends is generally not giving a damn! Will I be back. Yes. Bc it's still cheaper then ordering at home. They win. I lose. the end.
4	Our great escape! As soon as we pulled into Mesa, AZ we were suppose to go out and have a couple of brewskys. However everyone was so tired. Being the driver on the tailend of our road trip I suddenly had a case of a second wind. We waited till our auntie was distracted and like little rascals we snuck out the door to catch a cab. Once at R.T. O'Sullivan's we bellied up to the bar and ordered some martinis and food. Figured we best eat so we won't be hungover the next morning heading to Tucson. We sat and caught up on life and other things. We then decided to play pool where I noted that I had not played in so long. Then again, it's like riding a bike, I won both games.A nice Irish pub to sit, chat, and enjoy.
3	I can't really knock the place but nothing really jumps out and says amazing either. I have been here multiple times, often for sporting events. The food is good but not fantastic, however it is better than most sports bars. I have had the shepherds pie a few times and I like it. It's a full meal and exactly what you want in a shepherds pie, nothing fancy just the simple classic meal. I have also had the spinach artichoke dip which is pretty much your standard spinach artichoke dip.The one of the big things that has this at a 3 star not a 4 star is the lack of pitchers of beer. It's insane that a sports bar doesn't do pitchers of beer. Also during PPV's they don't do any free refills on soda, I really think they should give at least 1 if not 2. Service here has been fair at best. Some have been above average but most have been average at best. I understand it can be busy during sports events but even when there hasn't been anything they haven't been fantastic.
4	Fun place for an outing! I enjoyed my corned beef and cabbage!Food was great, but the service was average. I would still recommend to anyone!
3	The clientele is a little "rough" - but, really, so is the staff.  Happy Hour is ok.  It wasn't a terrible place to get a beer but I wouldn't really kill myself getting back there.  Looks like a good place to catch a game if i were in the neighborhood.  Another Yelper hit the nail on the head saying that you "can't really knock the place but nothing really jumps out and says amazing either."
3	Decent food.  Dirty, needs a facelift but the service is very good and the prices are very competitive.
3	Turned game up way too loud. Great fish & chips , Out of all but one white wine? Bummer
1	Worst staff and manager ever! My girlfriend and I were harassed by a few drunk men and the manager could care less. He told us he would ask him to leave instead kicked us out and said we needed to leave. Wtf! It was actually mind blowing.
