1	I went to this venue to enjoy an event, The White-Out all White Party....sad to say after 15-20 min of attendance I was forced to ask for my entrance fee back & exit the premises. There was not any ACOn the upper level which was the only place you could really sit and have a drink. They had 2-3 oscillating fans trying to cool the room off but instead they blew hot air. I was really perspiring just standing still, imagine trying to have drinks and dance in there!!        I spoke with management as she informed me the air was in fact on... Well if that was the magnitude of their AC I will not be returning! The staff was courteous & professional until I asked the money taking people for my money back, they told me they would soon go get the manager, they were not making any effort to do so, so I went and got her myself, she then returned our monies. Totally disappointed in this establishment!!!!  One star for most of the staff being courteous.
5	I had the delighted opportunity to try this place out for the first time about a month ago for lunch. The hip Chicago style scenery was amusing. I was immediately greeted and seated the moment I walked through the door. Surprisingly the restaurant was not packed with a lunch crowd but it gave me an opportunity to really meet and talk with the owner. He brought a taste of Chicago to the valley. Music playing while dining along with some mighty tasty wings with fries is what I had to enjoy. I have to say I was impressed with the presentation when my food came out. Plus my food was finger licking good. I will be back not just to eat but I have heard that this place has Jazz. Something different to do along with Happy Hour from 4pm/7pm Thursday and Friday with live music.
5	Visiting from out of town and happened on the place. A little tucked away, but follow the A-boards, worth the effort.  Great service, great atmosphere, great food, great customers (owner's childhood friend sitting at the bar with me!), what more could you want?!
5	It's that time year again the Caribbean carnival festival or you can get delicious treats music and people from across the Caribbean, even had a DJ my man come all the way from Florida to Grace everyone in AZ with his musical skills, DJ Lazzo had the upstairs bumping and straight from Trinidad and Tobago, he graced us with a nice sultry dance and music almost feels like you're right in the Caribbean, DJ Lazzo a nice wonderful Caribbean DJ for hire!!
4	Found this place due to a Groupon and love it.  Food was great and very good price.  The grilled cheese was my fav and their long island tea.  It is worth looking for, we will be frequent flyers for sure.
