5	Get off the Strip, people! Vegas is not just that long stretch of road, unlike what most people think. The sin city has gone domestic and toned down. Suburban living are popping-up like mushroom during rainy season; except, this is a desert. Fine dining is no longer strictly located on the Strip. ... ... Well, ok, Makino isn't exactly what we would call 'fine dining' but it is good! As a matter of fact, if you are looking for good eats, you should venture out and be like the locals. This Makino is conveniently located within a shopping complex - the Premium Outlet (yes, girlfriends. This is like a garden in heaven!) So you can eat up and then work out the food by walking and shopping. Or, the other way around, whichever. Anyway, oh yes, almost forgot:  the food. This is a buffet Japanese seafood style. Plenty selection of sushi, sashimi, seafood salad etc. Selection extends to hot food and some non-seafood and hot food. They have miso soup and Udon. All self serve.  Good election of desert, and they even have Chocolate Fountain!!!! Quality is decent. And for the price you pay for seafood buffet, I'd say this place beats those pricey ones inside casinos. $22 for dinner will get you a large variety, satisfy your cravings and get full. (Typical Seafood buffet in the casinos: $45+. And they mostly only serve shrimp cocktail & crab legs. Sushi selection is minimal at best).
5	Ive been here many times while visiting Las Vegas.  Makinos is a very good japanese buffet.  Lots of different japanese foods and tons of sushi.  All different kinds of sushi and they use good cuts of fish!  Everything is fresh (or sometimes fresh frozen) but everything tastes good.This last time I enjoyed the sushi and shrimp tempura.  The udon wasn't that good this time.For dessert, the almond cookie (flat cookie) and fresh fruit dipped in the chocolate fountain where good.
4	This place is way better than Todai's.  Its still all you can eat hot and cold japanese food.  The sushi is really fresh...I saw them dump the ones sitting out for too long in the trash.  The udon and crab are good.  They even have chocolate fountain for dessert.  It's in a great location at the outlets....which have good shopping.
5	I can't really expound on this any better than anyone else, but...WOW!  This place rules.  Hot food was good but I only had about 2 or 3 bites of that, because the sushi was VERY GOOD.  Better than some so-called high-end sushi joints where I'm from.  I powered down enough tuna, salmon, unagi, and veggie rolls to easily make up for the $15.95 lunch cost.  Good cookies for dessert, and the service was fast and pleasant.
5	SUSHI O SUSHI!Only natives of Las Vegas would know about this hidden gem of a place.  So much waaaayyy better then any other sushi buffett place I've had so far and waaaayyy better then todai and I'll tell you why....  They make their sushi straight fresh and on the spot.  The rice is never cold and hard, but soft and fresh.  They have such a wide selection of different sushi rolls to eat, even hand rolled ones and sashimi.  They have various desserts and a fountain of chocolate fondue waiting for you to dip those fruits into!  Hehehehe.  All this cost???  Lunch is only $16, but dinner is only $25 and yo ucan eat to your hearts content!!!
4	Crab legs, sushi, clams, teriyaki, chocolate fondue.This place has sushi selections that are superior in freshness and quality. Although regretfully, I didn't partake in as much all-you-can-eat action as I would have liked [we ended up drinking 8 bottles of warm sake between 3 people, which can really kill an appetite], what I did experience [before inebriation took over] was crisp, clean sushi and a wide variety of tasty rolls. They even have some of the deep fried kind!Dessert consists of various cakes and tarts, and a giant waterfall of flowing chocolate! Fruit and poundcake are proffered nearby with skewers for some chocolate dipping delight. How can anyone go wrong with that?!
5	Their selection and quality of food at this buffet is better than some buffets right on the Strip. There is plenty to choose from and it all comes at a much more reasonable price. The sushi selection is also huge. I would've liked to see more seafood dishes, as in king crab legs, oysters, and lobster. (Or maybe it wasn't being served when I went?) What sets this apart from other seafood/Asian buffets I've been to before is the chocolate fountain. If it wasn't so rude I'd take a spoon or a bowl and use that to cover and dip my strawberries instead. Unfortunately the only thing you can really dip in the chocolate fountain are the marshmallows, but if you get creative, you can go Melting Pot on your ass and get the rice krispies treats and other desserts and dip those as well.
5	$20 for a seafood lunch buffet with a large selection not to mention the Chocolate fountain for dessert, I don't thing you can go wrong here! All you can eat, dig in!
2	I don't really like to talk shit about restaurants but this place was absolutely horrible. For $5 extra you can go to a place like sushi mon and have freshly made all-u-can-eat sushi and side dishes. I paid for my girlfriend and I , but we couldn't eat any of the sushi because of how horrible it was.
4	mMMMmmM... after going to one of the other Makino locations the last time I was in Vegas, I had to go again... but this time, I wanted to go to another location just for kicks, and decided to go to this one at the Las Vegas Premium Outlets.  The only weird thing about this location is that they're only open from 5:30PM-8:30PM, pretty short hours I think. So pretty much, Makino is a Japanese buffet that offers salads (my favorites are the Ahi Poke Salad and Seaweed Salad), hot dishes (such as fried rice, chow mein, white fish, teryaki chicken), soups (miso), tempura (shrimp, vegetables), udon, sushi, and dessert. What stands out about Makino's is that the quality of the food is very good. Many buffets serve large varieties, but low quality food. But this is not the case at Makino's. There's a lot of food, and good food. The sushi selection is also pretty big.  Spicy tuna, unagi, salmon, you name it. The sashimi surprisingly was very tasty and fresh, as for the rest of the rolls.If you're into Japanese food, definitely try this place out.
3	I like Makino but I have found that a majority of their rolls have Mayonaise in them... I dont think Mayo belongs in Sushi rolls. I love their Sashimi and I love that they have a veriety of Tuna rolls. Overall its a great place to try tons of different Sushi but if your looking for quality, I would go to "I love Sushi" at Eastern & Sunridge Heights...
4	Checked out this place last weekend and they had a line of peeps waiting outside! Sushi was delicious! They had this tuna ca roll with sprinkles of caviar on top which was tasty! They had a variety of rolls,as well as tuna sashimi. They had oysters, crab legs and clams and mussels. They also had beef that was kinda hard. Desert section was generous, with tiramisu, flan, jello, etc. They even had green tea ice cream, which you need to call someone to get for you since it is behind the counter. Definitely will come back when we're in Vegas!
4	I liked this location better than the one on Decatur... good times, good food, good service.  It's a freakin' sushi buffet... you're not going to get Nobu quality fish but it's still really good.  You definitely get more than what you've paid for.If you don't like rolls... fusion, fried, mayo, etc...  then there are plenty of other choices to choose from.  The food is fresh and well seasoned.  The waitresses are the sweetest and they were on point with the service.  I'd say its more of a locals hot spot than a spot for the tourists, but that makes it all the more better.
5	I think this is one of the best buffets I've eaten at in Vegas! The boyfriend and I absolutely LOVE sushi, so we were happy to find this place at the outlets. There's a good selection of different rolls, and the sushi and crab legs... Yummy! The price is the best part. We ate here for lunch, and it cost about $15 each; that's about the cost of one roll at most other sushi restaurants.
1	From a locals point of view....DON'T GO THERE! For those of you Yelpers, that actually think this place is good must be shopped out and too hungry at that time that anything would taste good. Just tried this place once and just can't get over the thought of how bad the quality of food they serve that I don't even want to waste more money to give it a second try. Went there in the middle of lunch hour and there was not much selection. They were too greedy to put out fresh sushi/dishes until someone gets the last piece. The service was horrible because they are the only sit down full dining restuarant there at the outlet that customers normally come in and put up with it. I rather just get a quick bite at the food court and save my stomach for a better buffet.
5	I love the sushi! I love the food! I love the dessert! I LOVE everything!!!!!The food is sooo delicious!!!! I ate about 10 plates of FOOD(I am not a food addict)! If you get a chance to come to Las Vegas then you will HAVE to go to Makino!!!! HAVE to!!!!!!! Or else!!!!!!!! So please,PLEASE come to Makino!!!!! there is even a chocolate fountain!!!!! So many choices!!!! Like ice-cream,shaved ice,chocolate,fruit,different kind of sushi,clams,shrimp,lobsters and MANY more!!!!!!!!!
3	Went to this location first time today and it was OK. I still think we were better off going to Hush Puppy for A-Y-C-E King Crab legs (hot!). They have decent sushi. However a lot if had mayo and was made with cooked fish (I'm not a big sushi eater so I can't really judge their selection). Salads were good (but ... if you want salad - go to salad bar for $6-$7).Deserts are pretty good but when I saw a big cockroach right on a food counter and told about it to a pastry girl she kinda looked at me "whatever..." - good thing that I've noticed it by the time we were getting dessert and I don't bitch too much when I go eat with my g/f :) Bottom line: food is OK, but for $65 for 2 of us I can find much better value around town. I'll never go there by myself again.
3	On par with Todai and Onami as far as all you can eat Japanese.Was in Vegas this past weekend, and we decied to go to the outlets.  We got a late start on the day, so by the time we were done shopping, it was already time for dinner (yeah, it was that late of a start).  My friends' fiancee had been craving sushi so we decided to check this place out.We got there just as they opened, which was nice because everything out there was fresh.  They had 15-20 different types of sushi/nigiri to try, udon soup, tempura, other types of salad, and some hot entrees which included ribs, teriyaki chicken, pasta, sea bass, and other entrees.  They also had a decent variety of dessert (creme brulee, ice cream, chocolate fountain, fruits, etc..).This is your classic example of quantity vs. quality.  For the money (23.95 for dinner, 14.95 for lunch), as long as you can pack it down, you'll get your money's worth.  The quality is about maybe a little better than what you'd expect for all you can eat.  I felt bad for my friend though- he hates seafood, and the non-seafood entrees weren't that great.Overall- qualitiy vs. quantity, this is a place that would do.  I don't know if I'd make a special effort to go out here, as there are plenty of other all you can eat places with a bigger variety.  But if you happen to be near the outlets hankering for a lot of sushi, do it up.
5	its a great place to eat especially for dinner. all the food it great.
2	Mannnn I wanted to LOVE THIS PLACE!!! The only thing I loved was the tempura shrimp and red bean ice cream!!! I went here when it was 120 degrees just to try out the place and boy was I disappointed.. I won't come to this place for sushi because they didn't offer my kind of sushi (I don't eat raw seafood). so sad so sad.
3	Overall, it is better then Todai, but the business hours have changed in a weird way.  It was either changed to meet the lack of business or to just control labor, but regardless it seems funky.Service was good the wait staff picks up the plates at a decent rate.Red bean ice cream is great, the young lady or young man serving it was grumpy as hell, that is one way to control your food cost. Make the customer feel like crap for having you scoop ice cream. Here is a better Idea, get rid of the Human Ice Cream scooper, and save the labor cost.  The customer will be happy to scoop their own ice cream, and not have to deal with the grumpy face. This can be a plus for business.Sushi was of decent quality and there is a fair amount of choices.Oysters was also a fave.Not a fan of the cooked Japanese food, so it was mediocre at best.Hand-rolls was also good. These guys smile at least.Desserts deserved to be deserted.I think Todai does the desserts better.Parking can be annoying.I usually visit when I am in town.
4	I eat at the Decater Ave. Makino whenever I am in Vegas.  The variety is what I enjoy about Makino.  The sushi is very acceptable, when you add in the salads (varied and creative), the soup selection (fresh greens, tofu w/ broth added when you get it) and the hot seafood/veggy dishes, the place is a delight.  I think if you concentrate on a single item and rate Makino's per that item, you miss the old 'sum of its parts . . . ' maxim.  It really applies here.  The atmosphere is busy (it is a cafeteria to use the old parlance) , but very clean, and very glass and chrome sharp.  A nice selection of desserts also.  And the wait staff never rushes you . . . the price of $15 for lunch and about $10 additional for dinner is just right and a real bargain if you approach with the right mindset, that is, buffet, not a seat in front of the sushi chef catering to your individual tastes and whims . . . that costs double (or more) and requires a different venue.
3	What can I say.. not bad for the price.  It is still a buffet so don't expect it to be better than going to an authentic place and ordering Omakase (chefs choice).  But for $30 you definitely get some great sushi at an even better price.  If you like rolls and variety then this is the place to go.  They even have green tea ice cream and shaved ice!
2	I've had better. I come from the Bay Area where Asian buffets come a dime a dozen. My BF raved about this place and being a sushi lover, I of course had to try it!We went for lunch after doing some shopping and we were seated very quickly. Selection wasn't as good as I had hoped for and they didn't have signs listing what kind of sushi you were eating so you were in the dark. The beef terriyaki was good and I ended up eating mostly that.So why the 2 stars? Why not 3? Because my stomach was not happy - AT ALL - an hour after we left.
4	definitely hit the spot compared to the buffet we had the night before on the strip. it's better than you'd expect - considering it's a japanese buffet and not an Asian buffet like most others. the bf still favors moonstar for it's choices, but i liked the sushi selection here.
2	I've been hearing about this place for sometime now and finally had a chance to go check it out recently.  I may have made a huge mistake though because we ended up going to this location at the Las Vegas Premium Outlets on Black Friday, the biggest shopping day of the year....  So even though we ended up coming in the late afternoon about 4p, it was still crowded and it looked like they were running out of sushi.  As soon as they put anything out, it was taken off the display case by the hungry patrons.  And so the quality of everything seemed to suffer too.  Poor sushi chefs.  They were probably undermanned and couldn't keep up.  The prices were not really cheap either but oh well, I guess I might try it one more time on a normal day since many people have raved about this place in the past but on my visit, it was definitely way below average....Also, be aware, they charge for the Hot Tea as well.  Not knowing that, I ended up asking for Hot Tea AND a Cola and once the bill came....
4	I'm not a Buffet Person.. But I'd say this is as good as it gets as far as Japanese Buffet goes.The Sushi & Sashimi are verY Fresh...... it's a looot better than TODAI or ONAMI...not the nicest decorated atmosphere.. somewhat Dirty..... But oh well.. just put ur eyes on the food!PRICE is Fair..
2	decent all you can eat sushi but not the service...food is better but service was only okay.  The sushi was fresh and a they had a big selection.  hot plates and deserts were aplenty too.  for $16, you should expect it.  the service issue has kept me from giving them 3 stars and lucky to get 2.  The shrimp in their fried rice was not completely cooked and partially raw.  I told the waitress who proceeded to show the manager.  That was the last I hear from anyone.  The least I would expect is an apology from the manager.  All they did was remove the shrimp from the rice in the platter.  At least I did not get sick.  Anyways, this place is located in the outlet malls so parking is good and lets your shop of the calories you take in.  Be warned that the beverages are not included in the price so this makes them expensive to me.  I hope others have a better experience.
2	Needed a break from shopping at the Factory Outlet....this seem like a good choice after reading some of the reviews here.   Price was very reasonable (something like $16-17 per person).The sushi was just ok....maybe I'm a sushi snob now.  I was not impressed with their sushi.   The grill and stir fry section was decent but I went there was sushi.  A fairly large selection of sushi and food but I have had much better at other sushi buffets.Service was sub-par.  Dishes were piled high before someone came to clear them.  Water was not refilled promptly.  Asked for coffee and it took a very long time for it to arrive.I would not return....I'd rather pay a little more and go somewhere else.
5	I go to Vegas a couple times a year and my parents love to go here.  I was a little surprised by the reviews and thought I would give my opinion.Makino's is a fun place to go and they always have a good selection of food and it is well stocked.  The food just doesnt sit around for a long time so it is fresh.  I LIKE the sushi there.  They use good ingredients and they also vary the combos.  If you do not see what you are craving you can ask the sushi chef to make you a Hand Roll.  The Tempura is a highlight for me.  I would get the udon but that is a little too much food for me.  :)   Maybe it is the economy but I have noticed some things disapearing like the creme brulee.  But all in all, we have never left the place hungry.The only suggestion I have is offering a small Senior Citizen discount.  If you get the free coupon book, you can get a free beverage.
1	We visited Makino's April of 2008 and the horrible experience is still so vivid that I had to write this review....My hungry family and I were really looking forward to enjoying an Asian/sushi buffet (a nice break from the hotel buffets), but only to be let down.   We arrived at Makino at 8pm.   The hostess gladly led us to a table.    It was now 8:10, after getting my kids washed up before eating and getting them their food, when an announcement on the overhead speakers stated to get all the food you wanted to eat because they were putting the food away in 15 minutes.   It was a mad dash for the food.    They immediately started covering up the various dishes and putting them away.   We really didn't have "time" to get what we wanted.  When we complained to our waitress, she just shrugged her shoulders and the hostess avoided making eye contact with us.  Needless to say, it was a very bad experience.   The hostess should have mentioned this at the start, but I guess since business was slow, they were desperate for the money at the expense of customer satisfaction.   To top it all off, I ended up with a severe case of the SHITS after eating here.   This is by far the WORST buffet I've been to.
4	Sushi...Mmmmm and ALL YOU CAN EAT!!If you love sushi...you have to go to Makino's!!!!!!
2	First off, I've been to other Makinos in Vegas and enjoyed the food...so I was disappointed by the quality of the food at this particular Makino.  The sushi was really bleh and I was really turned off by the gross amounts of imitation crab they were using.  Fortunately, after convincing the sushi chef, I brought over some tempura shrimp and he made some basic hand rolls for me.  Otherwise, of the warm dishes: the udon noodle bowls were pathetic.  In fact, I secretly took the noodles from one bowl and put them in another because one "serving" was essentially equal to only 2 bites.  The tempura shrimp tasted great (but how can you go wrong with tempura shrimp?) and I had some stir fried noodles.  For dessert, I got a scoop of green tea ice cream (they also offer other flavors, like chocolate, strawberry, etc.).  Overall, an ok experience but not really worth the $16/person in my opinion.  I've had better sushi buffets.  Based on my experience with other Makinos, I wouldn't write it off completely--but set your expectations low with this particular location.
2	Makino  buffet is ok, quality of the food is not all that great.
3	If you are a sushi lover, this is an okay place to go to. They have all sorts of Japanese crusine. The food was at best mediocre and price is the typical Las Vegas Japanese joints.
1	This is the place that I had sushi while I was in Vegas about a year ago that made me feel sick. Just stay away! Everything else seemed rather sub-par even though the selection was fairly large. Not much to say about this place, but...I rather just have a go at Todai instead of this shack. Save yourself some money and go somewhere else. It's not worth it.
4	good bang for the buck.  cannot compare any buffet to sushi bar quality sushi ever but this place is good for a buffet.  lots of variety on the cooked foods side as well as dessert. they even have a chocolate fountain too. located where the shopping outlets are.
5	Ahhhh..Makinos.... My first initial favorite sushi buffet!  (Too bad you are in vegas otherwise I'd be there once a week!)I know that real sushi fanatics don't believe in sushi buffets, but for huge fusion sushi fan like myself, Makino's is heaven.First of all, the price for lunch is about $14, and Dinner will run you about 20.  I think the weekend pricing  is like $17 and $25 respectively.Sushi selection... it's got everything you would want.  Various types of California roll mixes, simple nigiri sushi, and other tasty variations of fusion sushi that you can indulge all you want as long as you can stuff it!  I can't tell you what my favorite roll is because the sushi chefs gets creative all the time, so everytime I went, it's always something different!  For those non-sushi fans, they also got a very nice hot dishes.  The tasty selections includes traditional shrimp/vegetable tempuras, fried oysters, steamed white fish, white wine clams, BBQ riblets, Fried rice and Yakisoba.  All are very tasty!  So you definitely will not feel left out if you are not into the raw fish deal.The dessert section is ok... all the cakes and sweets taste generic (as if they were taken out of a box from trader joes or something), but they do have the bomb red bean ice cream which I always have some at the restaurant, and have to have a cone to go as well.  But you will have to ask for it (that is the only problem because it's not self serve)Lastly, for those that craves sweets, there is a chocolate fountain that you can literally dip anything into  (If you believe in spider roll covered in dark rich chocolate.. I guess go right ahead.....)  But you can definitely dip as much as your heart desires!)This location that I'm rating (in the  LV outlets) and the off the strip location (Decatur) to me taste comparable.  Therefore, either one you go you should not be disappointed.  However, just remember that this is a buffet, so for those hard core sushi fanatics, please leave the mindset of having the top notch fresh sushi like you would at a $200 a night sushi restaurant mentality at home so you won't be disappointed, but just enjoy how much you are paying for such tasty creations drawn up by Mr. Makino.
4	In the mall. Great selection. Fresh rills every few minutes. Udon soup broth was below the standards for my 12 year old.
5	I always make sure to stop here everytime I'm in Vegas.The food is just...great. Lots of different salads, sushi, and Japanese & Chinese fare. The dessert section is a highlight, with a fondue fountain.The place is usually crowded, since it is located in the Las Vegas Premium Outlet, which is a hotspot for shoppers and tourists. Wait time for seating is quite fast, though, despite how crowded the place may seem.Definitely don't miss out on Makino.
3	"AYCE SUSHI!!" (pops head up)That light bulb in my head shined bright when I heard we were heading to an AYCE sushi place (+ more). This restaurant, located in an outdoor shopping mall/outlet in Vegas made me yearn for sushi as I saw their sushi display. They had other sections, such as, a soup section (miso soup, etc), hot foods with mussels, noodles, etc, but all I cared for (besides dessert) was just  sushi.  Everything looked good, but there weren't any labels of what exactly each sushi was. Luckily I had an eye for sushi, being that I LOVE sushi, and was able to distinguish what each roll had. Everything looked fresh.. or so I thought. As I sat down, I devoured, well, tried to devour each roll. I couldn't eat everything from each piece of sushi because geez, there was SO MUCH RICE. C'mon people, where is my fish?I didn't pay for rice! I literally had a pile of rice chunks on my plate, just so I didn't get full off of rice. I need to make room for other things like dessert! Plus the fish didn't feel or taste fresh at all. But I guess that happens when you're at an AYCE sushi buffet +more. If you've been to Todai, then Makino's is like or perhaps a little bit better than Todai's quality of sushi. I honestly don't think my $16.95 (wkend lunch price) was worth it. But I did eat it any way, and managed to eat some of the tempura shrimps they had, which weren't that bad. The best thing that this place offers, besides good service, was their dessert! Yes, there are cookies, mini cakes (that are what ever), but they have GREEN TEA ice cream.. and drum roll pls..... RED BEAN ICE CREAM, one of my favorite flavors, EVER! Oh man, I felt like I was in red bean, green tea heaven. I have never in my life been to a place that offers all you can eat green tea and red bean ice cream. NOM NOM NOM, is exactly what you heard after going back two times to get more of it. Too bad it wasn't mochi.. or I would have stuck with dessert the whole time I was there!
3	Visit: 9/26/09 - Lunch.  Buffet.The buffet was good.  The sushi was made fresh and the hot items were turned over well.Service was okay for buffet.Price was good because it was lunch time.I will go back.
3	A couple of us with a slight hangover and couple of us really hungover, made our way to the Las Vegas Outlet Center to meet up with some Japos.  Sweet.  My kind of get together.We dragged our feet inside and plopped down on our seats.  Get our drink orders in and venture to the food.  Not that much going on as far as quantity goes.  I grab some udon and do some surveillance on the sushi.  The set-up looked like a busted up lip.  What a mess!  Some people are just vultures, I tell ya.Some say I'm way too picky with my sushi.  You want to know what I tell them?  Too bad.  I'm telling you anyway.  I tell them to eat fat bowl of sh%t, straight up.  Besides, my otosan (father) was a sushi chef way back when.  So there.  Suck a fat one, you haters =)Anyways, the stuff looked like you would expect from an AYCE sushi dig.  Only it's better than any of the stuff that I've had from a buffet on the Las Vegas strip. Man, have you guys ever tried that sh%t?!  That stuff tastes like an uncooked potatoe. The udon was better than I expected.  I threw in some tempura in it, because that's how I do.To top it all off, I had green tea ice cream.  Only, they gave it to me in a cone.  I've never had it any other way than in a bowl.  So that was kinda weird.  It wasn't maeda-en stuff, but it was aiiight.This place is better than Todai, that's for sure.The girl here makes sure you will not go thirsty.  It is the desert after all.When your stuffed you can waddle yourelf to all the surrounding shops and gather up all your Ed Hardy gear.  If that's your thing.  Hopefully it isn't.West west ya'll.
3	Shout out goes to the keno master, R.Y.'s brother for hooking us up here. The service was good. They refilled after every time you take a sip of your drink. They probably want you to get full off the drinks and not the food.You can't compare this place to those fancy $40 buffets found in the 5 star hotels but hey, free meal so no complaints here. Sushi was okay, not spectacular. If you make the udon, put some tempura, soy sauce, and chili powder in it. Overall: mediocre.However, two solid stars alone for having green tea ice cream!
1	Get ready to cheer!!!  "Give me an H! Give me a 1! Give me an N!  Give me a 1!  What's that spell?!?!"  That's right folks, I could have swore I got the H1N1 virus, otherwise known as the swine flu, Friday afternoon when I was having diarrhea at the Las Vegas Premium Outlets Friday afternoon.It all started just a few hours after my family and some family friends had a nice lunch at the Makino all-you-can-eat buffet in the mall.  Then, I would find myself running to the restroom on a minutes notice; never more than an hour a part.  The sad part was, we had already bought tickets that morning to see the show LOVE at the Mirage for that evening.  In addition, we had bought tickets for Phantom of the Opera at the Venetian for Saturday evening. The Beatles LOVE show would start at 7pm.  As we all got ready at the Hilton Grand Vacations Club, I kept getting sickier and strong nausea feelings came over me.  When we got downstairs to wait for the valet, I knew it was coming.  I ran to the lobby restroom and filled their sink.    I told the reception afterwards, and they were very nice about it and said they would get housekeeping to clean it. I made it to the show, but as you can imagine, I saw little of it.  Most of my time was spent in the bathroom there.  Thank goodness, LOVE had restrooms inside the theater. To make a long story short, after the show, my gf got sick.  Once back at the HGVC, my parents both got sick with the same symptoms I had.  My sister got sick two days later.  Once everyone got sick, I had a good feeling it wasn't the flu I had acquired, but rather food poisoning for the Makino Restuarant.  The food poisoning probably was due to bad food preparation.
2	I was quite disappointed when I visited this place during my Christmas visit to Las Vegas last year.  While I love Japanese food, the quality of Makino has really faltered since my last dining experience.Firstly, the sashimi was improperly sliced.  Sashimi-grade ahi, pre-frozen or not, should NOT be cut into cubes.  Sashimi needs to be sliced a certain way to properly enjoy the raw fish.  Trust me here, properly sliced ahi feels texturally better in the mouth and even tastes better.The entrees weren't all that great either.  Much of it was not new at all, some of it had been sitting there for a while.  Oh, and the chocolate fountain was on and all, but there was nothing to cover in chocolate.  Maybe you were supposed to put your mouth under it and drink?  lol.
4	This place is good for what it is, an AYCE Sushi and Japanese place.  And the location can't be beat since it's located in the Las Vegas Premium Outlets.The interior of the restaurant is spacious and very relaxing after shopping for a few hours.  The sushi and hot entrees are pretty good and the service is fast and friendly.Sometimes you just want to get your grub on and this place is more than adequate to satisfy your needs.  Don't come expecting top notch sushi here and you'll have a fine dining experience.
3	This is an all you can eat sushi/ Japanese buffet, a lower quality Minado/Todai.Sushi was ok, I think the rice was a little mushy, but still tasty enough to eat.  They had a station w/miso soup or udon soup.  The miso was a little on the salty side and had cucumbers in it for some reason.  The udon soup had lots of enoki and shitake mushrooms so the broth was slightly salty but still good.  You can add tempura crunchies, green onion and chili powder to it as well.Cold Appetizers include salad, cold glass noodles (very vinegary) and other things.Hot food includes :  pork tonkatsu (very good!), fried rice, chow mein, seafood noodles, sea bass, stuffed cod, bacon wrapped zucchini, beef teriyaki (dry and tough)Desserts come w/fruit (little dry) an actual chocolate fountain to dip marshmallows in, different small jellos, pies, mousses, cakes and a guy serving ice cream in cones, including green tea which was really yummyall in all nothing really stood out much from this buffet, except for the breaded fried pork which was good. Definitely not up there w/Todai, but you can still fill your stomach here and I'd recommend coming here over goin to the food court.  I was also here for lunch, so maybe dinner's better
2	My friends and I were in the mood for some cheap sushi..and since I was with 5 guy friends, I was not surprised they chose an all-you-can-eat place.  As per my profile, I LOVE AYCE sushi.  However, Makino doesn't quite satisfy this AYCE sushi lover.  The sushi rolls weren't good. They tasted a bit odd.  The rice seemed too tough and the quality of the fish wasn't at a top standard.  The restaurant is a good size for those dining in groups, but I really would not miss this restaurant.  And even though there are other AYCE sushi places that are a bit more pricey, I'd rather pay a bit more to satisfy my tastebuds as well as have no risk to my own health.
3	Kind of what you'd expect from a buffet.  Sashimi isn't cut well and not the freshest.  But the variety of food is pretty good.  I enjoyed the udon soup and some of the appetizers like the seaweed salad.  The tempura isn't bad either.  The place is spacious and it has a nice location in Premium Outlets.
3	The entire place is big. The dining area can be a bit cramp though. Some of the tables are a little too close together, so you may bump into the tables on the way back from the buffet.Service was quick. Every time I got up from the table, my plate was gone when I came by. And my drinks were full every time they got empty.DO NOT EAT THE SASHIMI. The fish isn't high enough grade to enjoy by itself. The salmon and the tuna I had was actually tough instead of metling in your mouth. It LOOKED good though, but I guess looks can be deceiving. The rice isn't really that good and sometimes has been sitting out so long that it's a bit hard. Overall, the sushi was alright. I've been to a few AYCE sushi place and this is on the lower end. I think Todai is better.The udon noodles were good, the soup was a bit weak though. It tasted too water down.The desserts was sadly lacking. The flan was too hard (not soft or creamy at all) and the fruits weren't that sweet. That being said, this place is 17 bucks on the weekend. That's pretty cheap anyway, I wouldn't go out of my way here, but if you're near the outlets and feel like sushi, this is an OK place to go.
4	I just had lunch there about an hour ago. Man was it good. I have read other people's reviews on here and some of them are a bit harsh.I dunno maybe it was the time that other people went that made the difference. I got there at 11:45am about 15 minutes after they opened. The sushi was great. Yeah it might not be the same as an upscale sushi restaurant (I've been to China Grill at Mandalay, Nobu at Hard Rock), but for what you pay it's definitely worth it.On top of all the great sushi they have, there is also some great desserts. Cheesecake, red bean jello, green tea jello, red bean ice cream, they have a chocolate fountain with marshmellows, pineapples, strawberries, cantalope, honey dew and oranges.My soda glass was never empty, and my plates when they were done were cleared before I got back from getting seconds.Overall my experience there was great and I would go back again. Meal for lunch came out to $19.13 - breaks down from $15.95 for lunch plus soda $1.75.
4	I don't know why, but for some reason this buffet is one of the better ones I've tried when it comes to sushi. Much better than Hokkaido at least, but I'd prefer to get my stuff at an AYCE sushi bar.  Yes, they have pre-made rolls and nigiri laid out on counters, but at least the food looks like it was just made by the chefs. None of this sitting out there untouched for hours looking like it would just cause a different kind of unpleasant feelings in my stomach. The non-sushi items are pretty good too. Place is pretty clean and though I only came here for lunch a few months ago, the $18 can be easily justified here once you eat enough haha. It's also nice that its inside the outlets, and usually I'm a fan of shopping in these types of places, especially when they have a decent store lineup. I think I only wrote this review because I'm going to Vegas in a couple weeks and I'll likely come back here. Update soon haha.
2	This place is less dirty and gross looking than their counter part on Decauter.  It's also a lot bigger and easier to get around.  Liked that they have a chocolate fountain too and the dessert seemed freshly made.  It's in a good location at the outlet mall and pretty close to the parking garage.  I can't say much for the rest of the food for me not eating seafood or sushi.  No teriyaki beef here but they did have fried chicken, which I thought odd for a seafood place, but it was pretty tasty.  I would maybe return but if I had a choice I'd stick with the chinese place in the food court.
5	I would be sad Takeru Kobayashi found out about this place.Who knew the desert would have good sushi? I stumbled on this place while I was at a convention in Las Vegas. I was sick of hotel and fast food so I goggled the closest sushi place that was off the Strip. Makino was one of the first places that came up and it was at an outlet mall. Since I had time to kill, I decided to have lunch there then do some window shopping. For the price, quality, and variety this place is awesome. They have a wide range of sushi, sashimi, tempura, chicken teriyaki, seafood, & other popular Japanese dishes. If you are an AAA member, stop by the customer service stand and get a coupon book. You can get a free drink which is a 3 dollar savings. Keep in mind there is a 3 hour window to eat at Lunch and Dinner (this is to keep the sushi & sashimi fresh). There's also usually a Japanese tour group that comes thru, but it never affect any waits. This is definitely one of my favorite Japanese places. A little about my credentials:I first got into cooking & food when I was in college. After being rejected by numerous girls and getting zero action, I decided it was time for a change. I needed a new makeover to boost my geeky, engineering image. I applied for a cooking position at a Mediterranean-Italian  Restaurant near my home and learned to cook all sorts of pastas and dishes. I never became a professional chef, but I continue to enjoy & love food. 8 years later and 55 lbs heavier, I am now an engineer that travels all over the world trying new foods and learning about different cultures.
4	1st, not the best sushi restaurant but 4 stars for the BEST SUSHI DEAL For about $15/person, you can have all you can eat sushi and Tempura and udon and other delicious dessert.  My favorite dish is udon with 4 shrimp tempura on it, and pour some dashi soup on top. YUM!   As far as I can tell, all the fish are previously frozen, (can't expect that high quality at all you can eat in the middle of desert!) so not the highest quality, but I love the idea of having all kinds of food.  And the price is just right, considering how expensive other high end hotel buffet charge nowadays.   ($15 for breakfast??  Come on!)Seems like these hotel buffets prices are going higher and their qualities are going down!  (please let me know if I am wrong)Anyway, lunch is really a good deal.  Surprisingly, I had pretty good hamachi here.  If you win in Vegas, (or lost money), you can easily afford this place!
4	This restaurant is good in a lot of ways, but it's not the best place to eat. Although the prices here are very good and reasonable for what they offer you.For you sushi lovers, they have a lot of varieties for you to choose from. If you don't like sushi they have a side where you can eat Japanese food life shrimp tempura, teriyaki chicken, fried calamari, miso soup and other stuff. They even have a small salad section along with a small dessert section. It's a good place if you wanna have a decent dinner with friends and family.
5	You can tell how fresh the sushi is in a particular restaurant by the volume. The more they turn the fish, the fresher it will be. This place is always packed at both lunch and dinner. The sushi is ALWAYS fresh, and never disappoints. Having a hot line of food is a good thing when items like kalbi ribs, sukiyaki or chicken katsu is in the offing.  Usually at least one of the 3 has been available on the many, many times I've dined here, and one time, all 3!  Amazingly good spicy mayo, ask for a side to spice up your favorite roll, assuming it is not already slathered with the stuff.  Disapointing desserts. Lucky for me, thats not what I'm there for!  Service can be hit and miss at peak hours, but they always hustle and offer a smile.  Love this place, even though I hate to fight a crowd.
4	For people who love sushi buffet, this is the place for you.At buffets, you wouldn't expect the freshest fish anyway. This restaurant gives you decent quality of sushi and rolls, but with A LOT OF variety. After all, if you are going to eat only one thing, you shouldn't eat buffet, so this restaurant knows how to perform its strong points well.Their sushi and sashimi was excellent for buffet quality, and their rolls were also great. They have a lot of tempura food, and they even have soba and udon to choose from. The price was reasonable and I was so full I couldn't function normally for a couple of hours afterwards.Overall, this is definitely a recommendation!
5	So I'm a HUGE fan of Salmon Sushi.  Problem is, I'm a big eater and to get my fill will break the bank.  This is where this place comes in.  Whenever I go to Vegas, I have to come here to get my fix.  They also have a chocolate fountain with strawberries.
3	This place isn't too bad. I thought there was some good points to this restaurant. I love the fact that they serve such fresh salmon for a buffet. It definitely taste a lot better than Joe's sushi. The albacore sushi was pretty good too and the other ones are just whatever. Personally I thought the hot food were pretty bad. There wasn't really one item that I love. They were either nasty or nothing special and I wouldn't try to get it again. I also tried the udon which wasn't that great to me. The udon was pretty nasty which disappointed me. The thing I did love about it is the fact that i can get unlimited amount of Shrimp Tempura. I am never satisfied from Japanese restaurant when they only give you 1-2 shrimp tempura but this place did allow me to get 10+ shrimp tempura. hahaha that was one good point to me.I also like the fact that they provided 4? different kind of ice cream. I'm pretty sure they were all bought but if i can get unlimited amount of red bean ice cream thats gonna make fat and happy. Also didn't try the other desserts(cakes except the shaved ice) because it didnt look that great . Don't try the shaved snow...it was absolutely nasty. -_- I do enjoy the fruits since they give the chocolate fountain where I can tip my strawberries into it. I love strawberries without and with chocolate. :)Anyway I would say this place is probably 2.75 but i must say for a buffet i thought the sushi was quite fresh. I really do enjoy the salmons that are actually fresh. I went there for lunch and it was about $20 after tax/tips which i find really cheap. It wasn't too bad. I wouldnt mind coming back here if i was walking the outlet since its so close to it and its nowhere close to the strip.
4	Came here for lunch and left very satisfied, maybe a little too satisfied.  After a good weekend in Vegas, my friends and I decided to stop here before we hit the road back home.  And let me tell you, for $15.95, you really get your money's worth.The service was good.  The waitresses were fast, efficient, and attentive.  They brought us water right away and were happy to split the bill 8 ways (not like it's really that hard though, its all the same price for everyone).  Anyhoo, onto the food.  There were so many different kinds of rolls; some really hit the spot and others just didn't cut it.  The fish was fresh enough for my liking, and the albacore was really good.  Their udon soup noodle bowls were surprisingly good with perfectly Q noodles, which is saying a lot because I am very critical about the Q factor in my noodles.  I love their Red Bean ice cream and the chocolate fondue fountain.  The hot foods were just average, nothing worth raving about.Dessert is secretly my favorite part of buffets, which is why I deducted 1 star for Makino's fail on dessert.  Don't get me wrong, there is a vast selection of desserts available, and I got excited just looking at all the different selections.  And damn, did it look good.  But. A big But.  Looks can be oh so deceiving.  After getting 1 of each dessert to share with my friends and I (so that we could first get a sample of everything to see what we liked), we didn't like any dessert.  Not one!  All of the desserts tasted very stale and lacked any flavor whatsoever.  I was very disappointed.  But I just ate my feelings away with the Red Bean ice cream and the chocolate fondue fountain.  They really saved the day.  So bottom line, come here for the variety of rolls and sashimi, the udon, and the good service.  But don't be expecting a lot from the dessert.   It's a good price compared to other buffets on the strip, just be careful because I definitely got food coma driving back to LA from Vegas after conquering this bad boy.
3	If you don't want the cigarette smoke that comes with a casino buffet, Makino is a good option.  Just don't expect the prime rib or turkey carving stations that you normally see at buffets.The food is Asianesque, if you didn't know, with freshly made rolls/sushi, udon on tap, numerous salads, and a whole bunch of fried goodness.  We went on a very busy day, which helped with the food rotation.  Service is good, drinks refilled in a timely manner, and plates cleared frequently.  The dessert row has lots to choose from, including shave ice, ice cream, and a chocolate fountain. The fresh fruit selection is good, featuring kiwi, strawberries, melons, and grapes.Good choices for kids, decent sushi selection. Makino does a lot well, but i can't think of anything here that was GREAT, hence the 3 instead of 4 stars.  I've been here numerous times, and will continue to eat here when out of towners request it.
3	I heard a lot of good things from friends about Makino prior to going so I was very excited for the fresh sushi and chocolate fountain, which both delivered! The salmon was the best-- I kept going back for seconds and thirds. I also really liked some of the other fresh sushi-- tuna, scallops, etc.What wasn't so great was the rolls (a little mushy and not all that great tasting) and the udon (soggy). The tempura was alright but I had to dig through the bunch to find my beloved eggplant! I didn't try much of the cooked food but I heard it was so-so. Overall, a solid three!
4	The Japanese buffet located inside the las vegas outlets is definitely a good bargain.  I came here for lunch upon arriving in Vegas, and was starving with a big appetite.  I immediately went straight to the sushi bar.  They have a large selection of rolls; most are filled with crab meat, eel, avocado, or spicy tuna.  The rolls were pretty good, but I felt like out of the 20 different varieties of rolls, they only used like 5 different ingredients plus a mixture of various sauces.  What I didn't like was the imitation crab meat they used in the rolls, it just tasted so fake and Americanized, I wish they would use real crab meat.  The sushi selection of raw fish was limited, the scallop sushi was fresh and tasted excellent, the salmon was also pretty good, and the eel sushi wasn't bad.  However, the rest of the sushi wasn't spectacular; they only had like 10 different varieties of sushi, which was a tad disappointing.  Nonetheless, I enjoyed the sushi rice they used for the rolls and sushi.  A lot, and I do mean a lot, of all-you-can-eat sushi places, lik Todai for example, serve crappy mushy rice...which makes the sushi just taste awful!  At Makino they use pretty good quality sushi rice, and I was quite surprised, it just makes the sushi taste so much better! The shrimp and vegetable tempura wasn't bad, and they also have Udon noodles which tasted pretty good.  They didn't have a whole lot of hot entrees, I tried the beef sukiyaki, which was okay, the friend chicken wasn't bad.  I was surprised that I didn't see beef teriyaki; they only had chicken teriyaki...Maybe they serve that for dinner.   I wasnt all that impressed with the hot entrees, there just wasn't a whole lot of variety, the food tasted ok and better than most ayce buffets.  The dessert bar was disappointing; most of the dessert just didn't appeal to me, and didn't taste good!  Even the ice cream was disappointing, how could they go wrong with green tea ice cream!?  Well I think they make their own ice cream, so the ice cream was just bland with no green tea flavor at all, very disappointing.  They had a decent amount of fresh fruit selections, which I liked and most where sweet!  They also have a chocolate fountain where you can dip your strawberries or other fruits in...great idea, bad execution!  The chocolate was a tad watery and didn't "solidify" even after letting it settle for 5 minutes.   Overall this place is a bargain for a all-you-can-eat Japanese buffet, the lunch price is $17 for weekends, but be careful because drinks cost extra!  It's $2 for drinks...which I found odd, since most buffets offer free beverage.   So if you don't intend on drinking a beverage, opt for water and fill your stomach with extra food!  The sushi selection could have been better, but they use fresh ingredients and the rice was excellent! The hot entrees could have been better, the tempura was probably the best thing.  I would have liked more variety.  The dessert bar was disappointing, but they had a large variety of sweet fruits.  I think I'll go back for dinner next time, but for lunch it was definitely a deal!
4	Awesome if you're not into a lot of salty hot dishes and just want good ol' fashioned sushi.  The sushi here has a lot of toppings/combinations, so it is good for people who want different kinds of fish or only eat  cooked fish.  I liked the sashimi and salads on the side (with lotus root which I love, but hardly see at buffets).  Their crab legs were small, but flavorful and they gave us the cracker things without us asking.  Also, the shirimp tempura wasn't mixed in with veggie ones so that was awesome.  They also have udon,OMG,  who makes their breme brulee? It was fantastic with the best sugar crust and non-overwhelming egg taste.  Their creme brulee chef should get a raise!Plus one star, for being in my favorite outlet in the LV area.
4	things you want to see in a buffet - freshness, variety, affordability, service. this place has it all! japanese food selection is fresh and way better than todai. located in the grand central outlet plaza in downtown vegas, come to shop and then to eat!
4	Every time I'm back to LV for my convention shows, this is my spot to eat.  Even the locals eat here.  Really good quality buffet sushi place and so much choices too.  There's even made-to-order specific handrolls and uni.  Always happy to be back and eating.
3	Summary - Not bad AYCE sushi & seafood buffet + premade desserts (including chocolate fountain) for the price.This particular Makino is located in the Premium Outlet (Downtown area), close to where the I-15 meets the 95. With busloads of tourists and locals looking for bargains at the outlet shops and working up a good appetite, it is usually packed during lunch and dinner. The restaurant itself is fairly large, and can usually accommodate the crowd without long wait time, although this is partially due to the tight arrangement of the tables and chairs. The waitresses are all Japanese from what I have observed, which is a good thing for authenticity, and are usually very friendly and do their best to look after the customers. The sushi bar of course is mostly staffed by non-Japanese chefs/cooks that prepare the sushi rolls and nigiri menu. As the sushi and the rolls are prepared and then presented for the customers to serve themselves buffet-style, there is pretty much no interaction with the sushi chefs. Overall, the food is okay and the price is cheap. The menu features both cold and hot foods. For the sushi, the fish is not the highest sashimi quality, but still good enough to serve raw.  But avoid food that have been left out awhile, because fresher is always better, especially when it comes to sushi.  The menu offers most of the typical nigiri sushi items san the premium items (uni, toro, etc) and different variations of sushi rolls garnished with different sauces.   Their hot entrees feature the regular lineup of items at most Asian buffets, such as teriyaki beef/chicken, pot stickers, fried rice, baked clams plus scallops on shells, seafood dynamite, grill salmon and more. In terms of variety it offers way more than the average diner can sample on a single visit.For what it is, Makino is highly recommended. Just be sure to arrive early and not close to the restaurant's closing time, because the crew starts cleaning up and will probably be out the door if you take your time trying to eat right up to closing time.3 Yelp stars.
3	Good selection of sushi, with tempura and udom. Decent selection of hot food that includes fried rice, teriyaki chicken, chicken katsu, pan fried noodles, and so on. Dessert bar was okay, mostly fruit and small bready things, had a chocolate fountain but the chocolate wasn't that good.
3	After 35+ yrs, I finally decided to give Sushi a try.  I told The Better Half (TBH) that I wanted to give it a shot and she suggested we come here so that I can have a good selection to choose from.  I don't eat Seatfood and have never had raw Fish until now.  TBH and my friends all love Sushi and I kind of feel bad when we have to make different plans because of me....so, here we are.I was very nervous as we entered the joint and TBH was great because she didn't pressure me to try anything in particular.  I was starvin' like Marvin but my appetite suddenly disappeared as we walked in.  After getting setup with Ginger, Wasabi, Soy Sauce, Jalapeno Soy Sauce I browsed the Sushi buffet line.I decided that I was going to take it slow and only try a few things....so, I went for Tuna, Salmon, Unagi, 2 rolls I have no idea what they were, Stuffed Tempura Jalapenos, Spicy Tuna Cucumber Rice thingy, and some Tempura fried Roll thingy.  Sorry I don't know the names, but took pics so I'm sure if you're a Sushi enthusiast you'll know exactly what it is.I enjoyed the Tuna, Salmon, Unagi, & Spicy Tuna.....the other stuff I didn't care for.  I dipped it in a Soy Sauce/Wasabi mix that TBH helped me make....and it helped with the taste.  TBH told me to eat some Ginger every once in a while...which was a blast of freakin' flavor....wasn't expecting that and choked on it.  I have no idea how to base a rating on Sushi since this was my 1st time....so to me the experience was A-OK, 3 Stars.  I wish they had labels on the Sushi, they didn't.....Overall, I enjoyed myself and will eat Sushi again.  I want to give other Seafood a try now.Will I return?  I think so.
4	The sushi selection here by far is the best! I had better quality sushi at other places but variety make up for it! Don't forget to get the red bean ice cream! You have to ask a chef to get it for you!
5	honestly, when our friend described this the night before i was skeptical haha.  but this place is LEGIT!  good for vegetarians too.  there's udon, sushi, chocolate fondue fountain, and green tea ice cream!  it's cheap too i think ~17 for lunch (ridiculous!)?  can't remember exactly... but i was suuuuuper full after!
4	Great for lunch...all u can eat...15.99 on weekdays and 16.99 on the weekend W/ kalbi ribs...
4	All you can eat sushi! Mmmm...., tonight there was a nice selection of sushi to choose from. There are only so many ways to roll it, but they get creative with their veggies. My favorite tonight was a cucumber wrap spicy tuna. I was a Little disappointed with the oysters, they had no flavor, and the size of the crab legs were small. But overall, it's a nice way to eat until you're full, the sushi of your choice, with the added fried rice, noodle, various fish, chicken and beef dishes and of course shrimp tempura. They have had the chocolate fountain for a while, but tonight I avoided it and went for the strawberry and apple tarts. Always enjoy Makino's, even better when Uncle pays, thanks Uncle!
3	For a sushi buffet they do a good job. If u don't like sushi no problem they have lots of other food to chose from. We usually go to the makinos on Decatur /flamingo closer to home . We go to the one at the outlet mall when a certain uncle comes to visit.  Wife and I notice that the outlet mall location has better food . Better quality and some different menu items .            I enjoy the shrimp and vegetable tempuras the salad section especially the nishime and glazed kabocha. Sushi's pretty good for a buffet. Desserts are decent for frozen I doubt they bake or make their own . Overall a good value.
3	Makino is has a good selection for sea food and pre-made sushi.The sushi has many choice not just regular tuna/salmon/uni/toro etc but custom sushi. They have many seafood dishes like Clams, mussells, Fish, crab leg, shrimp, etc. They also have other hot foods like chicken, beef, baked seafood, Gyoza, grilled salmon and more. Always lots to choose and plenty to eat. Busy but not too bad....Make sure you come hungry....
4	As a sushi lover who lives in Vegas, this was actually my first time ever eating at Makino's. It was just a bunch of family members on an adventure for the nearest food place, and this happened to be what we found. Its a good place for a group of people to just go and grab lunch. One positive is it is all you can eat sushi for $16.99 lunch!! If you aren't a sushi fan, there are a couple of alternatives, like teriyaki chicken, fish, and other dishes. One of my favorites was the whole "build your own miso soup". The soup came out of some sort of tea dispenser, and you got to put whatever else and however much tofu you wanted!! Thumbs up all the way!Oh I also can't forget the dessert! There was a variety to choose from, but I believe the favorite was the fondue fountain where you can "chocolate-up" fruits and marshmallows. Overall, I was pleased with it being just a whim!
4	Today we tried out this place for the first time. Busy Premium Outlet Mall, enthusiastic shoppers and traffic on the road.. and hungry my husband and I. To be honest, I was very skeptical of this place at first. I knew we were close to the strip and I definitely didn't want to eat at the food court. As we were debating about were to go for lunch, my husband noticed Makino. Lunch 15.95 (adults)  7.45 (Children)Dinner 24.95              11.95Drinks not included. They have a nice variety on sushi with relatively good quality. They also had different Japanese salads and bar items, such as some exotic mushrooms, seaweed salad, etc. plus a hot food buffet and a desert buffet. The chocolate fountain was definitely our highlight.
4	Surprisingly fresh sushi, WIN. This place is pretty darn good, and to get your money's worth, EAT SASHIMI.But don't eat the oyster, it's nasty.... No matter what day you have it..Other than that, I find the sushi to be pretty good. I have no complaints, I like this place. It's pricey, but worth it if you eat a lot of sashimi (or only sashimi) and if you eat a considerable amount... hehe.AND don't feel guilty for eating so much sashimi! It's healthy!!
3	Here they have a nice variety of decent sushi. Me and my family usually come here to eat when we're at Vegas, and it's always packed with people. In lunch hours, it's $17 for customers 13 years or older. Sushi here isn't as fresh and tasty as regular sushi restaurants because it is a buffet after all. The fish can sometimes be a bit frozen and dull looking. Aside from sushi, they have salad, chicken, fried rice, noodles, ice cream, and desserts. Near the dessert area lies a chocolate fountain where you can dip your ice cream or marshmallows on. Overall, the quality of the sushi is not bad.
3	I prefer this location over the one near the Orleans Hotel. This one is cleaner and the proximity to the outdoor outlet mall was a plus so you can walk off your lunch or dinner. Let's get one thing clear... people don't go to Japanese buffets for the sushi.  The sushi is fresh however has an assembly lined look and taste. The selection and prices is why you would venture into this restaurant. The price has gone up over the years but the wide selection of food including crab legs, seafood, teriyaki dishes and the sashimi are impressive. The chocolate fountain is a favorite among the kids. It can get crowded with lots of families and groups. Overall a pleasant alternative to eating at a Las Vegas Hotel food court.
3	Makino Buffet is located within the Las Vegas Premium Outlets. After a day of shopping a buffet would actually sound good. We've been told this place is great so we checked it out. It was crowded even for a weekday and we had to wait a while to get seated.This place has a great selection on sushi. It wasn't bad considering this (I'm assuming) is their specialty. I actually spent more of my time there than any other section. However, I don't think they offer enough items on their hot food section. I didn't go to the desserts part since I was told "it wasn't all that" and I trust that person very much.The service was just so-so. I know it's buffet but it seemed like they almost forgot about you once you get seated. You gotta flag somebody to get a drink refilled. The service at Feast Buffet was so much better. I don't think I'd come back unless someone else pays.
3	Probably not the best sushi you'll ever have. But for the only place  downtown where you can get sushi for a decent price, it ain't bad.  I wouldn't particularly go for dinner, but the lunch price is pretty good.
3	Good value if you were to compare sushi buffets in Vegas.  Something about sushi and Vegas is an oxymoron.  Seriously, I love sushi in more coastal and metro cities like SF, LA, Boston, so I'm a bit wary of sushi in a desert like Vegas.  But after my last 2 visits to Vegas where we intentionally avoided the hotel buffets,  Makino was on my list.The sushi was ok, but avoid the maki hand roll.  Nasty!  I actually nearly choked on it. Turns out it was the stem of the avocadoactually  in the roll! Other than that, the tempura is excellent as well as other Japanese dishes.  The desserts are excellent too.  The chocolate fondue fountain and the unique signature parfait desserts are worth saving room for.  Would I come here again?  Hmmmm, maybe.   I would rather check out the one in LA or go back to the one in Hawaii.  I think it's a challenge to do an AYCE sushi place in Vegas. OVerall, hubby liked it and Son really liked the shave ice! He had two!I would recommend eating here first and then working if off by shopping in the mall!
4	At first I didn't like the Idea of eating a sushi place in the middle of the desert but Makinos fish is decent! Love that their is a wide variety of food. Every time I come to Vegas, I've noticed that this place is getting better and better. It is highly recommended to eat first then go shopping so you can walk it off haha
3	Lately, I noticed that this place is a hit and miss kinda place depend what day you go. One day, their sushi and hot food can  be really good, another day can be eeehh. For $16 for lunch, it's not a bad deal especially when you're craving for sushi. For dinner, you can do better at other places.As far any which Makino to go to, I still think the one at the Premium Outlet is the best one.
4	Came here while I was hungover.  NOT a good look!  I am one who LOVES Japanese food, but when I came here, I couldn't eat anything without having the urge to run to the restroom.  The only thing I ate was the miso soup & a few sushi rolls, but even the rolls didn't stay in my stomach for long.I was very sad that I couldn't enjoy everything that was there, because there seemed to be a good selection of food.  Everything looked fresh and authentic-like.  I will be going back.  This time, on a day when I'm sober.
4	A buffet with sushi and teriyaki, is the best place to be, for me at least.  I have been on the one on Decatur, but this place is much bigger and cleaner then the one on Decatur.Located at the Premium outlet in downtown.  Its in a nice location, for tourist to come and have a good buffet.  Wasn't fond of the garage being a bit tight, when it comes to coming in and out of the garage.  But, that's one of the things I didn't like about the area around Makino.  The other thing that bothered me, is the fact, that they didn't really have a place that's shaded near Makino, except the food court which is further down the way.  Going during a scorching hot day, and no breeze, basically you want to get into the department store just to get under an air conditioner, before moving on.  But once inside Makino, its a very nice setting, very spacious and roomy.  It does have a place for big parties.  It has one side for sushi and one side for regular food, like teriyaki and steam rice.  All of that, close together on a corner of the restaurant.  Of course I had  my fair share of sushi and teriyaki, as well as so much more.  I loved it!!!The staff was very nice, even though we did came with a big party, they seem really nice and helpful.  Made sure our drinks were full and gave us extra napkins when we needed them.  Now if you like sushi, teriyaki and the thought of it being a buffet.  Then this is the right place for you.  If your going on a scorching hot day, I would suggest not to wear to much clothing.  But the fact that we were coming from a baby's baptism, it was kind of uncomfortable going out in the sun, with a button up shirt and tie.  Either way, I would recommend this place, especially for sushi lovers.
4	This is the third time I've been here and all I can say is, "WHERE ARE THE CRAB LEGS, SHRIMP/PRAWNS, AND OYSTERS?"  It's too bad they don't have them anymore because I was looking forward to it this last time we went.My boyfriend and I went there for his friend's son's 1 year old birthday party.  Who knew people can choose to have their birthdays here.  I shouldn't be too surprised as anything goes in Vegas.  I'm glad they chose this restaurant.  As we entered, there was only smiles to let us know we were welcome.  We got to our table where our friends were and immediately we were offered beverages.  I decided to get their iced green tea and YUCK!  I will never ever ever ever recommend ordering this beverage.  The taste was undesirable and it's so obvious it was made with powdered green tea.  I ended up changing my order to hot green tea.  Thank God I changed it.When it was time to get the food, there's a buffet of sushi where people can just grab what they want to consume.  I decided to go with the sushi selection.  I was still impressed with how they prepare their food.  Everything tasted great and I'd definitely go back again.  My boyfriend wasn't too fond of the food since he's not much of a sushi fan.  Luckily, there was a selection for him; fried noodles, fried rice, beef, chicken, salad, etc.  I just wish they had the oysters and shellfish.  That would've been awesome!
4	Very good sushi / Noodle SoupDelicious dessertsHot food = decent
4	Well, finding a Japanese buffet with the large number of varieties of food to eat is why I give it 4 stars.  It is probably good to come early when the food is fresh and not to late when the dogs of sushi lay limply waiting for a pick up by  some stranger.  I won't repeat or belabor what has already been written, but if you want to get fleeced on the strip  come exploring to a tsunami of fair to good, and some excellent(cooked salmon, teriyaki and spicy rolls) Japanese food, then this is great place to eat, and cheaper than if you paid regular prices.  It's not to often that one can stuff one;s face with sushi and not feel broke!
3	Price is a little steep for the quality and selection of the food but I guess I can appreciate an Asian Style AYCE with unlimited desserts and shrimp tempura.
3	After a full day of shopping and walking, Makino makes for a great dinner stop.  Everything in Makino is solid in terms of quality (for a buffet) in terms of sushi, crab legs, cooked food, desserts.  More importantly, it's convenient, there's no wait, and very affordable compared to buffets on the Strip!The place could use a bit more variety, but what they do have is good.  The turnover was high enough that I don't feel like anything was sitting there too long.  All in all, a tasty dinner for $25-$30 bucks.  :)
4	I could honestly say that I would travel off the strip to come eat at Makino over most other fancy buffets on the strip (although I know that just depends on what you feel like eating). Makino is located in the Las Vegas outlets. Parking can be horrendous on a busy weekend, but there wasn't really much of a wait once we got to the restaurant. I didn't like any of the hot foods and the desert section was mediocre as well. Sushi quality was pretty good and the pricing wasn't bad at all. Recommended.
4	Had lunch with friends here on last Sunday (5/15/11). This is the best Japanese Buffet I 've ever had. Sushi rolls are so pretty and quality is very good too. Price is very decent. I recommand everyone come here to try during visit in Las Vegas .
4	So far the best reasonably-priced Japanese sushi buffet that has authentic Japanese taste.Lots of variety and tastes great compared to other Japanese restaurants
1	My first one-star review. I just wouldn't go back here ever. I regret going he first time. And really don't want other Vegas travelers to make the same mistake. I can understand why you'd be tempted. Like my man and I, you are probably looking for a Vegas-style buffet experience without the prices of the Strip. The reviews on here don't look too bad, and it seems worth a gamble.But don't do it. Not only is the fish not fresh, nor prepared with care, even the cooked meals seem off. I was avoiding rice at the time, so didn't eat much sushi, focusing on cooked dishes instead.The green mussels and scallops dish  tasted good at first, so I had some more. Once it started to taste not-too-good anymore, it was too late. I was tasting it for it the next 18 hours, the same length of time that my stomach was queasy and unsettled. Literally left me with a bad taste in the mouth. The only reason I can see to go here is to eat the most seafood, raw and otherwise, that you possibly can for the most inexpensive price possible. Which, when you think about it, is probably just a bad idea in and of itself.
4	I heard this place was like a better quality Todai, and yes, it was.  They had some pretty  good food.  Sea bass, sashimi, sushi, salads, teriyaki, chowmein, fried rice, crab, clams, steamed veggies, miso soup, udon, tempura.. Well, you get the picture.  Desert was filled with fruits, a chocolate fountain, different cakes and cheese cakes, creme brulee, the makino special (jello, fruit, strawberry topping, whipped cream, caramel drizzle).  Everything was pretty good.  My favorite was the Makino Special.  Overall, I'd eat here again.  The only thing I don't like is that I really don't stuff my face at buffets so I feel like I don't get my money's worth.  What ever though.. Can't win em all n_nx. I left satisfied none the less.
5	Every time we come to Vegas, we stop here for dinner...multiple times.  The only Japanese buffet we have in Massachusetts is Minado which is horribly overpriced and overcrowded with the fobbies who know nothing about buffet etiquette.  Unlike Minado, Makino is always a pleasurable experience.  They are never crowded (probably because they are located at the Premium Outlets and a ways away from the strip).  The food here is GREAT.  They have a huge selection of sushi and a decent selection of cooked foods as well.  Their desert selection is very good which includes a chocolate fountain.  They also have a big selection to choose from for salads and other cold foods.  Don't forget about the raw oysters.  Plenty of them to go around and no worries of the fobbies lining up to snag a whole plate full of them at once.  Over the years, Minado has been increasing their price (e.g. their weekend price is now $31) but Makino has kept their price well below $30 at a mere $25.  Customer service is good (most times when you go grab a new plate of food, your old plate is taken away promptly) and there is plenty of parking in the garage nearby.  This place is really an enjoyable place to eat.  It's hard for me to give anyone 5 stars but this place really deserves it
5	One of the best buffets in Vegas.  There was so much variety and it all tasted so good.  It was a great break from the shoping in the near by stores.  The price was also great.  A must stop for people in this area.
4	We just arrived in Vegas and my kids were hungry for some sushi. We came here and we were very happy with the food. The fish was fresh and tasty. Not as many selections as the other sushi buffet places (like Todai) we've been, but we are very happy with the quality of the food. We'd recommend it.
3	This is a bit of detour from your mundane buffets in Las Vegas. Its located in the Premium Outlet North so doesn't get that busy like the other buffets in Vegas (well things have slowed down in Vegas so the buffet lines are manageable) There your regular hot food stations (most average to below average items) . Good selection of sushi and it is half decent but heck form the prices you are paying you don't expect amazing stuff. I would consider it one if the better buffets in town as it is a good break from the Las Vegas Strip as well.
3	We came here in hour before they closed for lunch . We decided to give it a try because  we didn't think we would need more than an hour to eat. This sushi buffet is built for the more serious sushi eater. It isn't the best for someone like me who doesn't eat raw sushi. I'm more of the spicy crab , California roll girl . There wasn't a lot of sushi selection for me but I did find some that I did enjoy. I only took about 3 pieces of sushi. I couldn't get enough of their potato shrimp though.  It is a shrimp fried with what looks like a spaghetti noodle around it.  I filled up on that and their tempura shrimp the most. Their potato salad was also very good. The rest didn't really stand out for me. The dessert bar has a chocolate fountain and an array of petite sized pastries. Some of them have been under the heat lamp too long but the more popular chocolate desserts were fresh. When in doubt you can never go wrong with a chocolate covered strawberry!
3	My wife and i have been to this buffet a couple times and we havent had a bad experience the sushi is pretty tasty and fresh and they also have variety of other foods more towards sea food like filets of fish and it also has an amazing chocolate fondue for desert =)
4	4.5 STARS!Screw casino buffets!  If you want crab legs, come here!  Their crab legs are plentiful and with claws attached!  Their sashimi is amazing considering it is a buffet as is their seasweed salad.  This is my new must go to place when in Vegas.  I enjoy the fact that I don't have to walk a mile to the buffet then elbow my way to the good stuff as this place isn't crowded.  The servers are swift.  Some people may not like this joint as their isn't booths to nap in between feedings.   End the meal with red bean and green tea ice cream.
4	This place is a great alternative to Todai on the strip.  If you have the ability to drive to the outlets, I would recommend this place because 1.  You dont have to fight the traffic on the strip 2. the food is just as good as Todai...maybe even a better selection of sushi 3.  You can shop before or after at the Outlets ( a perk for your female companion)
4	One of the best sushi buffets I been to. They have lots & lots of different rolls to choose from and they have red bean ice cream!
3	I really wanted to like this place, really, I did.  I like the ambiance of the restaurant, everything was very open, stations were well labeled.  It was really cute!!We got there right when it opened & were seated right away.  The first thing I did was head to the sushi station.  Everything was really pretty & colorful.  They have the cute long rectangular plates (the ones that rolls come on).  I got a bunch of different things from albacore, shrimp, spicy tuna nigiri & spicy (lots of chili) beef roll.  Then headed over to the other stations.  Everything was well categorized, fruits, desserts, sushi, hot food, salads..Then we sat down to eat.  I was a bit disappointed :(  The fish was not fresh, kinda slimy..  Not good.  The food was either bland or not very good tasting.  There were a few things I got that tasted okay:  beef sukiyaki was good with the enoki mushrooms, chicken gyozas, seaweed salad (the prepackaged one), shrimp tempura (one of the better items!  very crispy & freshly fried) but the tempura sauce and  fried noodles have no flavor.Some of the desserts that were actually pretty tasty included the blueberry mousse, green tea cheesecake, cookies n cream moose (but it was still kinda frozen), white choc with raspberries (yum!).  The choc fountain was cool to look at, but didn't taste good.  :(  too oily...The service was average.  The dirty plates weren't on our table too long and we got refills whenever we needed them.  If the food was better quality, I would give more stars, but it fell flat.  There are many better buffets out there.  It's very similar to Todai (as it is the same owner).   Makino had good value for the variety.  It was $17 per adult for lunch.
2	Happy Holidays LV yelpers!Came here this past Sunday for lunch with my bf and a few of my gfs.My gf suggested Makino for lunch. After briefly looking at the reviews here on yelp, I knew not to expect anything special.Food was just ok. Mushrooms were raw that day. Only thing I really liked was the green tea ice cream.About $20 for lunch AYCE.I've been to a handful of AYCE sushi joints in LV and this is on the bottom of my list.NEXT!
5	Why isn't there an option for 6 stars?CHEAP SUSHI BUFFET = MY FAVE!!!!Where else can you get seafood buffet for lunch for only $16.95? AND the fish was relatively fresh! I binged on sashimi like no other, and thankfully, the sushi didn't have too much rice so I didn't get too full off that (and I didn't have to hid my rice in empty clam shells to throw it away haha). I didn't pay too much attention to the other food items. I just focused in on the fish.... the fish................ yummmm.....Eyes on the prize ;)My only complaint is that they actually take away all of the food and rush you out of the restaurant at 4PM as they prepare for dinner. We arrived at 3:30PM for a late lunch and had to scarf down our food in record time.
4	Much better and cheaper than the Todai on the strip (haven't tried any other Asian buffets in Vegas). Sashimi isn't the best but it's decent enough. Also I know the chocolate fountain is cool and all but the chocolate coming out of there is really gross quality so I wouldn't recommend it. Expect a ~20 minute wait - very crowded here. And definitely go for lunch!
2	Heard this place was pretty good and I can tell it was definitely popular from all the cars in the parking lot I see as I drive by frequently. So, I had to try it. Well, our company happened to have Xmas gathering here so it was time. But sad to say, I was pretty disappointed. I love sushi so I ate a lot but I really wasn't satisfied~! X( It lacked "quality" of freshness, taste and service...only couple servers to cover the dining area during busy lunch hour? Ran out of dishes? C'mon, man! Needess to say, once was enuf!
4	A little hard to find... It's located in the outlet center. This is by far the best sushi all you can eat buffet in Vegas. All the seafood was fresh and we didn't even need soy sauce on our sushi... Fantastic! I will return!
5	The dinner buffet here is truly amazing and at an affordable price considering what you get to eat. The sushi was very fresh as well as the oysters. The rolls weren't that great in my opinion probably because they were stuffed with cream cheese. Other than that the food and environment were great. The service to get our drinks refilled was a little slow but I don't blame them because the place was packed. I will definately be eating here again!
1	The worst sushi I had the displeasure of eating at a restaurant! The rice was so cold and tasteless, sushi was very poorly made, and I tried to taste their dessert hoping there was something tasty in the restaurant. I was dissapointed again as all of it ended up being so gross I had to spit it out, and I never spit out dessert. The chinese food there wasn't made right either and tempura was also nasty as hell. Just don't go there, it was a waste of money and nothing tasted good.
3	I went for at lunch time.  There are no crab legs at lunch time - BOOO.  The maki rolls were not as top notch as the last time I visited and they were slow to keep the shrimp tempura refilled.
4	There were less choices than I expected but the sushi was good. They also had tempura, udon, miso soup and red bean ice cream. All in all a pretty decent buffet.
5	What's there to say about this place ... A lot would be the appropriate answer. $15.95 Mon-Thur Lunch and $24.95 Dinner. And basically a dollar more for every thing else.I've been going to Makino for years. Let me re-literate that YEARS. I used to go to the one on Decatur and Flamingo and even then my young taste buds quickly acquired a liking to the magnificent sushi.Their lunch is such a steal. $15.95 really? C'mon man. You know that's a steal. First thing is first I always start off wetting my appetite by constructing the perfect udon temura shrimp bowl. Does anyone have a napkin I feel myself drooling.  I get on those little pre-constructed bowls of udon seaweed and a few other odds and ends and add some green onion red chilli powder always a must then 3-4 strands of delicious tempura shrimp. Lastly I pour in the broth either Tempura or the other one and believe me it's a taste sensation that your taste buds will have and will probably never recover from. On the right side is their large marathon long of sushi. It starts with nigiri and I always always get the tuna topped with looks like onion fried garlic and a bit of a citrus flavor. The ika or for youse who don't speak Japanese Squid. Always a good indicator of a sushi place. It should be crisp white and not too chewy. A giveaway that it has been sitting out too long. I make my way to the sushi rolls of which there are many. And i always go for the tempura dragon rolls they make. I can't say enough about there tempura shrimps it is absolutely delicious. At the end is there large vats of ginger wasabi lemon and house made spicy soy sauce for you to dip there sushi in. Now, on the left side is the hot items. I usually for go the fried rice and chow mein they are not exactly winning anyone over in my opinion. But they do have good seabass in a garlic butter sauce that is specatular. Soft not too fishy and warm. I always go for clams if they have. And i believe they got rid of it but they did have these large jumbo shrimp that was baked with cheese and split in the middle. I miss those. What else makes a good sushi place better? Dessert DUH! They have a chocolate fountain with assorted fruits for you to enjoy and other nice little one person treats like cheesecakes, creme brulee and little custard filled croissant looking things. After walking around the shopping mall and getting tired c'mon in and continue shopping waddling around. The service is always excellent and they are very attentive. Waitresses do not need to be called over just to pour your drink.  And everything is neat clean and typical Japanese decor.
4	Sushi here is great, large selection but the only problem is I did not know what I was eating.  Only 1 area was labled with what it was, that just sucked.  Overall its a nice place to eat, the seats are a little close, feels like you are eating with stangers.  Wait staff was also nice and got some answers for me on what the heck I was eating.
3	$24.95 for Monday dinner- located in the Las Vegas Premium Outlets North- can accommodate huge parties if you make reservations in advance (we had 30 ish people in our party)- offer crab legs and sashimi- sushi isn't labeled: NEGATIVE in my books- a huge chocolate fountain available to cover fruits and marshmellows
3	This is an Okay buffet. I went there for lunch and food selection is alright. Mostly Asian food compare to buffet on Stripe. Price is a little more expensive compare to buffet in LA area.
3	Buffets are just fun. Not a must stop when I'm in Vegas, but I don't mind visiting for a casual lunch. The sushi is what I would expect from an AYCE--similar to sushi from the grocery store or a Sushi Boy. Makino offers all the standard fare: an assortment of the usual rolls and nigiri pieces, rice, udon, salad bar, chicken, beef, fish, mushrooms, mixed vegetables, little square pieces of cake, cookies, and cream puffs. There is a chocolate fountain surrounded by all kinds of fruits waiting to be skewered and drowned in the chocolate waterfall, and there's a little ice cream station that offers regular and sugar cones, and several different ice cream flavors. I like putting the cream puffs through the chocolate fountain and then adding them to my bowl of ice cream.
3	3 1/2 stars to be more precise.I've reviewed the other Makino down on Decatur back in the day when the place was really great in my opinion.  So I'm gonna keep this one a little short.Wow Makino, what has happened to you lately?  You used to be the place to go to for some decent AYCE sushi.  I mean you still are decent, but is that the main goal?  To be decent?  No plans to exceed expectations?  Come on Mr. Makino...I even saw you in the restaurant the day we ate there!  My kids were in awe!  Mainly because they thought you were gonna break out in a knife pose at any second!  Gotta thank those commercials you ran a few years back.  Makino!I enjoy other sushi places around town, but I go to Makino for the easy layout of cool sushi and hot dishes.  Your sushi section is A-OK on a good day, but can you please back off with so many things looking like a darn 'California Roll'?  More sashimi please!  And sometimes the quality is a bit meh...sometimes the sushi looks like it sits for a bit too long.  These are things that can be easily fixed though if Makino was a bit more vigilant with maintaining quality standards.  Little secret about Makino, you can also ask the sushi chef on duty to make you a hand roll!  They hardly ever put them out on the line, but ask and the chef should be happy to make you one.  But, alas the pickings are slim.  I was only able to get a California hand roll (hmpf, really?  OMG),  spicy tuna hand roll, or a veggie roll.  Ask for a simple salmon roll and you get a "Sorry, salmon only for sushi" response.  Figures!  Expand the hand rolls (somehow this sounds funny) and you would get some happy campers back to your establishment.I do rather enjoy their hot foods selection most times though.  Their noodles are good, and I love it when there is teriyaki steak on the line (new tray and fresh!).  But I love, love, love it when Makino has sukiyaki to eat!  Oh man, that is my special treat!  I love me some sukiyaki!  I make like 4 bowls of the stuff, a side of sushi, and I am a happy man.  Needless to say I get a little disappointed when there is no sukiyaki on the chow line.  Why Makino, why did you install one of those lame miso soup machine stations!  It is whack!  It pisses me off when I see this machine in the Rio buffet, and it still pisses me off when I see it here at your establishment.  How hard is it to make miso soup??  I feel like I am at 7-11 making myself a cup of hot chocolate!  Get rid of the machine please and bring back the large pot that when I open the lid I can get a minor steam burn.Desserts are a bit on the bland side too, might need some updating there.  I enjoy the cute little bite-sized portions though, leaves you a lot of room to try one of everything.  And the chocolate fountain?  Getting a bit cliche, don't you think?  If I see one more kid pretending his finger is a marshmallow or pineapple chunk...I'm gonna scream!  Which is why I normally proceed to settle for a scoop of red bean or green tea ice cream.Seems this Makino now serves a ton of folks on the charter tours, lots of Chinese folks coming through daily for lunch, then spending their money on multiple Coach bags by taking advantage of our weakened dollar.  Guess a restaurant's gotta do what a restaurants gotta do to stay alive.  Thankfully, the servers at Makino are quick, polite, keep your drink filled, and clear out your plates in a fashionable manner.  I guess they expect the turnover!Mr. Makino, please turn your restaurant baby back to higher-end sushi dining!  Although I will graciously continue to go back to your decently priced $16 for lunch until then.  That is all!
1	$16.99 for lunch I thought "Hey buffet style All you can eat sushi and hot entree's sounds good to me". Totally thought wrong.Hot Entree's: I didn't even touch this, SUPER SUPER Greasy. You could see the oil bubbles. This wasn't Japanese hot dishes more like Americanized fast Chinese Food. Sushi: It wasn't fresh at all I'm guessing because they make it then its left out till someone grabs it and they love to pack on the rice, ONLY great thing about this place is they don't care if you eat the rice or not. So I had myself a lot of shashimi. Soup/Udon Noodles: There was a small area were the udon noodles were already pre-put into bowls and all you had to do was fill the bowl up with soup. The soup lacked flavor, the noodles were were out so long they dried up. Also no good. Desert: Their selection of deserts were very limited and mediocre, Sorry Mr. Makino I guess I was expecting more? The only exciting this about their desert selection was the fondue chocolate fountain (which was a mess) chocolate splatters every where. On the floor on the counter every where. Also the strawberries were half frozen still so the warm fondue chocolate quickly turned cold once it touched the strawberries. I like my chocolate strawberries either hardened or warm and meltyThe place: First off this place was disgusting, when I first walked in I couldn't help but notice the floor had bits and pieces of food all over it. When we sat down our table was still wet, I'm assuming the waitress just finished cleaning the table from their previous costumers. Then I noticed the towel she used to clean our table... it also had bits and pieces of food on it...which she then used to wipe another table... Gross
2	2 Stars for the variety and spread.No stars for the food & freshness, pretty certain it gave me food poisoning.
4	For $15.95 AYCE, Monday through Thursday this place can't be beat.  The price is a little higher on Fridays and the weekends, I believe.  There is quite a bit of variety as mentioned in previous post.  So if you are with a non sushi lover they will still get bang for their buck.  My only complaint is that they label the hot items but not the sushi.  I am willing to experiment and try everything but it would be nice to know what I am eating.  Never had a problem with the service as far as refills, etc., either.
4	Whenever my mom and I go to the Premium Outlets near downtown, we always make the trip to Makino for lunch.  It's a good deal at $16 per person.  In the past, it hasn't been that crowded, but it was a different story on the day we went this time.  The whole restaurant was nearly full.  I took this as a good sign for Makino.  The foodie fare included a variety of sushi, salads, some hot dishes, udon, miso soup, a chocolate fountain, and some other desserts.  I always enjoy trying the different kinds of rolls that are offered.  I was also happy to see gyoza (aka chicken dumplings).  Compared to the Makino Chaya in Hawaii, this restaurant is way better!  The food just looks more appetizing and the restaurant is clean.  I think the Makinos here needs to take some lessons from the Vegas location...
5	dinner is better than lunch. theres crab legs and oysters during dinner. u get your moneys worth.the sushi is taste real good to, they always got something different every time we go.
4	Great selection for a low price!  I was skeptical of the place because it was in the outlet shopping center but I was wrong.  Huge selection of real sushi and seafood.  Always stocked with all items, you won't have to fight for your favorite items like oysters or crab legs... Thy are always available!  Good customer service and convenient location.  The only small criticism was that some items were a bit oversalted or a bit flavorless, but I think it was the batch that came out. Recommend for u to try it out.
4	Love Makinos at Las Vegas premium outlet stores.  They have large selection of fresh sushi made on the spot.  My daughter loves the chocolate fountain bar.  Prices for lunch and dinner are cheaper than Todai.  Food is just as good or better than Todai.  Service is always friendly.  I'm craving me some makinos......
4	OK, I've been a fan of Makino since the Decator location was found more than 10 years ago, when sushi wasn't even that big in many parts of the country, and this Makino on Decator was a nice 'oasis' from Las Vegas desert.   It had different variety of rolls (california, dragon, rainbow, philadelphia rolls to Makino original rolls) and udon noodles and sukiyaki and salad, and great dessert selection.  Yes, that's what the AYCE is all about, and all for only $13 back then.Well, now that they built this chain at the mall where my family loves to visit almost everytime we visit Vegas, I started going to this Makino and I have to say, good 4 stars for the outlet mall.  It's $16 or $17 for lunch ($25 or $26 for dinner which I'm not sure if it's worth it for difference of crab meat and shrimp) ...While sushi can be improved more on better tuna and salmon, this place is so popular so it goes very quickly unlike some other sushi bars on big hotel buffet on the Strip.  They have beef sukiyaki, shrimp tempura (oh btw, I love to put at least 4 or 5 shrimp on the udon and pour hot noodle soup to make my own tempura udon- it's soo good, try it when you visit next!).  The server was very friendly and quick to bring water or drink (the same lady served us 3 years ago is still here so they must make the employees happy too), and it was very satisfying meal and nice break from shopping.  Yes, it can be better as a restaurant like good old Makino but I don't know many other malls that has a decent sushi restaurant like this elsewhere (besides Japan) so I'm still a big fan.  They opened up a new location in Irvine, CA which is not too far away from my friend's house, so I should check that write the review soon!
4	The interior ambience is clean and positive. Our servers were attentive and friendly. I definitely enjoyed their numerous types of rolls. Very nicely presented and fresh. Unfortunately, I don't eat shellfish or crab so I feel like I can't take advantage of certain dishes that will appeal to seafood lovers. I tried their fried rice, beef and chicken teriyaki from the "hot" section, but all were meh. This place is all about the rolls!
4	Great sushi for the price & lots of variety with deserts.
3	Nice location where you can stop by after your shopping. The price is reasonable. However if you want to have a great Japanese food exp, it might not match your demand.
2	We came here at 8pm of a Sunday evening.  We've been warned at the reception that they close at 8:30pm.  We said 'Ok' then went in as we can definitely eat for 30 mins.  It's understandable that the kitchen won't be making any fresh food for the buffet 30 mins prior to closing to avoid food wastage.What bothered me most was not the food BUT the service.  Staff at this location seems to be in a hurry to leave by 8:30pm!!!  There was still enough food at the counter (not the sushi rolls counter though) and you will feel as if the staff were trying to hurry you.I've worked in the food industry and when you say that you close at 8:30, it doesn't mean that you stop accepting customers at 8:15 or even at 8:25.  You accommodate those customers as they still bring you income, turning back a party of 6 is a lost income.As for the quality of food, just a mediocre...maybe you should start slashing the price at least 30mins prior to closing to attract more people and avoid food wastage.
3	The availability of the food and the varieties are fantastic. Even for non-sushi lovers, there are great choices! If I am craving sushi for lunch, this is the place to be as the cost does not leave a dent in your wallet in comparison to other sushi restaurants. The best thing about a buffet is not being pressured into eating everything. The whole all-you-can-eat always bothers me when those menus require: "Must eat everything or you will be subject to an extra fee."Quality and taste is just so-so. I have had far better sashimi slices and rolls at the restaurants. Although having appetizers, warm food, and dessert readily available do make-up for this though.If you're going for a good ratio of food-to-price for sushi, I would recommend going here.
4	Just got back from Vegas and have to comment, though the selection was not that grand, the sushi was very fresh and excellent.  A bigh notch above Todai (whom has a much bigger selection). The Oysters were the perfect size, not too big and not too small. Though they did not had any lobster or sashimi, the quality of the sushi was way better.  Example, the spicy tuna peices were actually small chunks of tuna, not like the mashed ground stuff at Todai. I would rate this as high as Onami before they closed their doors in Irvine.  Not a full 5 stars due to selection but if you like quality sushi, this is the way to go..
3	NO more chocolate fountain. The quality has dropped. Pretty much. All the rolls are mayonnaised out. The even have a bottle of "yum yum" sauce right by the wasabi. The salads are good.
5	I love coming here during lunch hours from work. $17 for a sushi buffet is fantastic! You can even get a lunch box to go!I love getting the salmon and tuna nigiri, teriyaki beef, pork katsu, sea bass, tilapia, and all of their tempuras! All of it tastes great for $17/person.Their dessert is sub par besides the chocolate fountain and excellent strawberries.Make sure not to eat all the rice that comes with the sushi, so you do not get full faster! Perfect place to go to eat "all-you-can-eat" sushi without being forced to eat everything on your plate!Readily available raw fish is AWESOME!
4	maki (rolls) are good. nigiri are even better. some hot foods including udon noodles and sukiyaki help your company who doesn't have appetites for a lot of fresh fishes. leave some room for irresistable desserts including chocolate mousse, chocolate fondue, coconut pudding and green tea ice cream. insert in your check is asking for a tip graciously but your extra money goes only to servers who wear sullen looks and never to those who create delicious dishes that you might want to appreciate.
2	It's like a Todai. An Asian buffet. Buffets normally aren't that great anyway....Quantity over Quality.
5	AYCE Japanese food heaven!
4	Every time I come to Las Vegas, I love to come here.  The restaurant is off the strip, which is a nice change of pace from the craziness of downtown/Strip. The food is excellent for the price (we normally go for lunch). I especially like the fact that you can get a small bowl of ramen along with the rest of their items - sushi, fresh salads, tempura, etc. The place feels clean, and the staff is friendly.  Next time I'm in Vegas...I'm there, baby.
4	Pretty good sushi selection, fish was fresh. The hit food wasn't bad actually surprised that their fried chicken wings were good. Went for lunch so the price wasn't bad for 15.99. Would go again
3	Just tried this place after going to local AYCE local spots, and usually hitting up todai's, this place was alright. Iv had better sushi but for the price you cant complain. Sushi was alright it was fresh it was good, some of the rolls had to too much cream cheese for me, they had udon ready just add the broth. Make your own Miso soup. Steamed clams were my favorite! the shrimp they had was alright but not as good as hot n juicy! and i thought the deserts were kind of lame. But it was alright i would eat there againOH and the service was fast and on point!.
4	This was pretty good AYCE sushi, although I have to say that this rating probably is more truly teetering between a 3.5 to 3.75.  Part of the reason is because they do put some tuna sashimi out.  However, they were iced (as they should be) but they were not thawed out all the way so you were eating a tuna ... half popsicle sorta.  It wasn't that bad, but that's the best way to describe it.The sushi itself was great.   I agree with some of the reviews where they tend to overdo it on the sauces for the rolls.  However, they do actually hand make the rice squares so they're packed in unliked some AYCE places where they use the rice square maker for nigri sushi.  It looks great until you pick it up and it falls apart on you.I can't speak to the other side of the house (hot foods) since I usually don't even go towards those, but it looked pretty good.Overall, this place definitely scores decently.  Could use a little TLC on the sashimi end, but overall it was a hit, especially after an afternoon of shopping.
2	Cheap sushi.  And it tastes like it too.  Not very good.
3	I recently went back to Makino's after having avoided it for a decade. It has changed a little, but my opinions have changed a lot. There is a lot of hit and miss here. It's a buffet, which is usually a turn-off for me. But in the spirit of piles of food served up in the American way, I'm going to do this buffet style.Hits - the price for lunch (~$20), the pile of salmon and tuna chunks, the udon soup bowls, the lovely spicy ponzu sauces, decent hot dishes, the cleanliness.Misses - the price for dinner (~$30), any of the sushi rolls (seriously, these are just balls of rice), the kimchi, the service, just decent hot dishes, any of the desserts (although the gimmick of a chocolate fountain is entertaining).I think if you like tuna and salmon sashimi and really like udon soup with as much tempura as you can stuff in your face - you will enjoy your lunch here. I say lunch because of the price. It is absolutely not worth $30 for dinner (they try to justify the price hike because they offer crab legs). Most of the items can be had from anywhere in Chinatown with the same quality and for much cheaper. There is just nothing motivating. No "killer feature" to speak of.It's just a buffet that probably tops all the other Asian buffets around town - but that's not really saying much. If you're hungry, don't mind spending $20, and are craving piles of fish, it could be worth your time.
4	I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, but I was already there shopping at there outlet stores. I went for lunch and it was $16 and got a great selection of sushi. I had plenty of favorites and wished I had room to fill more in my stomach. They had so many great rolls!!! but the good thing about sushi buffet is that I can try em all (and I got full after the first round).I'd definitely eat here again if I go shopping at the outlet mall.
4	**Summary**       - The only other buffet is Todai (in Planet Hollywood) and I think that place is way over-priced for the same quality.       - vs AYCE - The main difference between Makino and AYCE Sushi places is that everything is laid out buffet style vs you ordering things. This allows you to see the rolls/nigiri that you might want visually before ordering. This is probably a better choice for the less sushi seasoned.       - Quality - The quality of the fish has always been decent. Compared to AYCE places, it'll probably be in the upper half. With that said, there are a lot of poor quality AYCE places in vegas.       - Sashimi - They have sashimi for their dinner prices. It won't be entree quality at a straight sushi place, but it's decent.       - Nigiri - They have all the normal nigiri and hand rolls in a section. You can ask them for special hand rolls too.       - Rolls - Their rolls are very colorful spread out as they are and seem like they have a lot of variety. However, most of the rolls are very similar. If you're looking for something different, AYCE places would be more suitable.       - Hot Foods - They have a large assortment of hot dishes like tempura, noodles (udon and sukiyaki), chicken/beef teriyaki, that cheesy thing inside a shrimp shell, etc.       - Desserts - The desserts are great. You have crepes, ice creams, tarts, creme brules, and their own chocolate fountain.**Pros vs AYCE**       - You can sample everything and aren't constricted to ordering half rolls.       - It is very friendly for sushi newbies since they can see all the foods before they select them.       - The hot foods are more in variety.       - The desserts are better and have more choices.**Cons vs AYCE**       - The sushi level in both quality and innovation is lower to the better of the AYCE places.**Price**       - $16.95 Buffet Lunch 11:30am-4pm Mon-Thu       - $18.95 Buffet Lunch 11:30am-4pm Fri-Sun       - $25.95 Buffet Dinner 5pm-8:30pm Mon-Thu       - $26.95 Buffet Dinner 5pm-8:30pm Fri-Sun**Recommendations**       - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for a nice sushi buffet rather than an AYCE.
3	A decent Asian buffet with a huge selection.
4	I see mixed reviews on this restaurant but I thought it was ok.  My japanese wife did not approve to be 'Good - just OK' but I enjoyed their food.  Compare to Todai, this place is better to my taste buds.  There was no waiting in line, servers were nice, and I am going back next time in Vegas.
4	A buffet in a premium outlet?! Seriously?! Guess it is just Vegas.  For being a Californian, none of the premium outlet locations has good food court much less a buffet.It has good variety of sushi, salad, even Korean kimchi items.  Hot food is ok. and desert is not bad neither.  Also, has a few fruit items.Overall, it is much better than any of the casino buffets, specially after last night's experience at Wicked Spoon.I would eat there for sure if I come to Vegas again.
4	Just like the other location but no crunch roll so only 4 stars.  Still a very good value. Fresh, tasty and good service.
5	I enjoy every time I go to Makino - the food is incredible fresh and tasty , the salads are sophisticated, the sushi are rolls are amazing -great value for the money spent. Off course they could work on the service,but it's a buffet , so what so you expect .
4	I must start by saying I am a sushi FANatic. I absolutely love sushi! With all of that being said, I will say that this buffet is a sushi lovers dream, they have everything, even combinations you cant even imagine. Every time we are in Vegas we make it a point to eat here.
4	I've been to Makino's more than a few times but it had been awhile and I was in the area so I thought why not?  I have to say this was definetly the best spread they've put out in all the times I have gone.  The sushi selection seemed larger with more kinds of rolls and it all seemed a lot fresher than previous visits while the hot food also seemed to be fresher and of a higher quiality with more time spent on presentation.  Deserts continued to impress... I don't know if they are rotating the food out better or if it's just higher quality product but all of the cakes and puddings were moist and for the first time the cream puff's weren't rock hard and actually contained a ton of what tasted like fresh cream instead of just mostly air like on previous visits.  *Only downside on this otherwise amazing visit wasn't really the restaurants fault but the rather large woman sitting at the table next to me saw some people she knew and proceeded to stand up and invite them over.  Now there isn't a lot of space between the tables already and between the people she invited over and her fatness they actuallly started to lean against my table and she even stepped back into my chair with enough force to lift two of the legs with me in it more than once and didn't even offer an apology.*Other than that I really hope Makino continues to perform at the level they were on today!
4	This place is an excellent place to eat if you like sushi. Price is out of this world and the offerings are abundant. We eat here everytime we're in Vegas. Place can extremely busy though.
3	So the family was in town and wanted to hit the outlets so they chose to have Makino as a convenient choice. I've never been and never really interested in going simply because ready made sushi doesn't appeal to me when there is a abundance of AYCE here.  I was surprised to find the place was packed to the gills. There didn't seem to be a extreme wait, but my family was already seated when I arrived late.I was surprised the hot food was rather decent.  The steamed seabass and the grilled up swordfish was cooked well and tasted fresh. Teriyaki steak, pork katsu, grilled octopus was alright as well. Make your own udon bowl was not bad as well.  I was not fond of their soggy tempura, spicy sausage or stuck together gyoza. I didn't try the beef sukiyaki or chicken teriyaki and that really is just it for entrees. I was surprised that the selection wasn't more though. I got seaweed salad and hijiki salad from the cold area. The salad area is mostly prepped salads than a DIY toppings and greens salad bar.Sushi was overall alright and you really can fare better at a all you can eat, made to order place. Mackerel, pepper tuna with hot sauce were good. Spicy crab and masago nigiri was acceptable .Clam, squid, tuna was okay..not horrible but not great and depended on which tray you got from.The inari was also  something I liked. Rolls were mostly California roll variations and sauced... Some with raw fish rolls sat out for a bit and was horrible texture so I spat it out. The one plus is that I can skim it off some of he rice and not eat it all or not eat the gross ones.  The problem is some stuff sat for a little bit like the squid which makes it not as appealing when the fish gets warmer and the rice touching the plate gets too cold, reminiscent of refrigerated grocery sushi. Come when it is busy, this is not a place to come during a slow time as that means low turn over on the food! Dessert wise, their green tea and red bean ice cream is good - not too sweet and smooth. There was sesame crisps that I crushed up and strawberries I sliced to top it off and make it better. They have a chocolate fondue which is rather kitsch to dip your own fruits and marshmallows in. To me, its just a glorified chocolate syrup fountain that looks cool though and wasn't that tasty. I took bites of random cakes and all were just meh so I didn't eat it.Service was okay. My water was filled once I told them I was new and didn't have a drink. Our plates were stacking up towards the end though.  For Sunday lunch at $18.95 its probably a more affordable than Todai that is similar of a concept, but compared to a AYCE sushi joint it doesn't do the job for me. I wouldn't be eating here if it wasn't for family being Filipino that love a buffet and it being convenient to our day at the outlet. I don't really see any other time I would come back either.(Yelp 100 Challenge 27/100)
5	Great all you can eat sushi just north of the strip in the premium outlet center.
3	I only had lunch here. It's not as good as the one in Irvine, California. But being that it's in the outlet, it's better than other outlet food options. It'll fill the craving & the fuel you need to go back to shopping again. The good part is that you don't have to wait for your food since time is of the essence when you're in an outlet, so it's a good 'get in & get out' type of a place.
5	Man oh man.... I can't believe this place has been here for years and I just tried it out the other week. It's like Asia Buffet's hotter, younger sister. All the goodness of an asian buffet without the worry about bad stomach cramps and chugging pepto bismo later! We went for lunch and everything I tried ranged from good to excellent. They even have chocolate fondue for dessert! I am already planning out the next time I come back here, that's how good it was to me. Plus, the lunch prices are very reasonable for an all you can eat buffet. My personal favorites were the tempura shrimp, some spicy shrimp thingy, their dessert selection and the selection of sushi rolls available.
4	Great choice of sushi, tempura, and other Japanese cuisine at this buffet.
4	First time going but the food wasn't too bad. for the same price you sure get a lot more sushi than most places. Less expensive not too crowded.
4	Every time I'm in vegas I come here for their lunch sushi buffet. It's reasonably priced and the selection of hot food and sushi is pretty great. The udon and tempura are delicious, and everything is always stocked so you never really have to wait for them to make more. Definitely a must if you're in town and want some ayce sushi.
3	We didn't know this was a buffet when we walked in, but I'm glad we came! The meal is $26.95 per person for all you can eat sushi and more. I really enjoyed being able to taste each piece and not having to be locked down to an entire roll - but they really need to label what is what. Some people have allergies and it's near impossible to choose what you can and cannot eat if they aren't labeled. Major bonuses of the night - I tried octopus [mark that one off the bucket list] and the Blueberry mouse is out of this world :D
4	This place is so popular I've seen lines forming outside before they open for lunch. I can see why, for under $20 you can get an AYCE sushi and japanese lunch buffet (drinks not included). The selections are tasty and drink service is fairly quick. They have a sushi station, a salad bar, soup/noodle station, hot food station and a dessert area that also includes ice cream if you ask for it. The dessert area also has a chocolate fountain for you to dip marshmallows and fruit. I've never been here for dinner, but I'm sure its the same thing just a few bucks more expensive. They have another location at Flamingo and Decatur that's not as crowded, which is great for locals like me. You can also purchase sushi to go at about 60 cents to a buck per piece
4	A sushi lover's paradise! AYCE sushi served buffet style so you can grab a variety of different rolls and NOT be penalized if you don't finish your plate. They also have other choices for food: salad and hot dishes. The hot dishes were nothing spectacular- just your generic Chinese take out specials i.e. fried rice, kung pao chicken, beef & broccoli, etc. So after exhausting all your energy and emptying your wallet at the premium outlets, stop in here to recharge and get your fill without breaking the bank.
3	I haven't been here in a long time, but ate dinner there earlier tonight. Makino's has really stepped up their sushi game. Still a little pricey for me vs other japanese restaurants for the same amount of food. But, would go there again!
5	I remember first coming here, I hated it! The food selection was horrible and nothing stood out.  Then one day, my mom wanted to eat here! & WOW! I mean WOW! I felt like they changed the menu and hired a new chef because everything was wonderful.  The food was spectacular and loved every food that touched my mouth.  My favorites were: sea-bass, tempura shrimp, variety of sushi rolls, their chocolate fondue, fried rice, and their meat selection.  Their lunch price is worth coming here and everyone should give it a try especially if you love seafood!
5	On my trip to Vegas, we ate at Bacchanal on the first night.  That was a mistake, we should have went to Makino Buffet.  Absolutely the best buffet I have ever eaten.  My favorites were Shrimp tempura and ramen.  Half the price of Bacchanal.  My wife, our son, and her mother are Japanese and they loved the buffet.
4	We ate here for our last meal of the trip. It was definitely not a disappointment. The best buffet out of all that I've been to. Everything was not of low quality (not high though) and not overly seasoned or too salty. There is a large variety of sushi which is why I love this place but not much of the "usual" buffet foods. That and the limited amount of fruit and desserts. I'd like to try this place during dinner since they have a few different foods.
2	Definitely not our favorite AYCE sushi place, but as a "sentimental" review - we used to go a lot in college. (totally within our budgets).As of late, it hasn't been as "satisfying." Perhaps "FOODIE" tendencies got in the way? Well, my fiance ate some of their "hot food" last time and had to run to the restroom and throw up. That was just uncalled for...
4	In 2011 I was invited to a business lunch here for the first time and was blown away at the selection.  Not wanting to look like a pig, I chose not to have seconds (oh....... though I wanted to).  I immediately took my girlfriend soon after and enjoyed the large variety, as did she.  Everything we chose was fresh and tasty.  Not long after, I had another opportunity to have another business lunch here and again was impressed at the quality and quantity of food.  I have subsequently enjoyed lunch multiple times and have never been disappointed with their food and selection.  I'd go 5 stars, but the servers at times haven't been entirely attentive to refilling my water glass.  Since I live in Henderson, it's not necessarily the closest place to get sushi - but it is truly worth the drive.  We've taken other family members and made it a destination choice for out of town relatives.  I'm salivating right now.
4	A great buffet for those that loves sushi.  My son and 2 girlfriends had a great time here.
4	A couple friends visiting wanted to go here. This was my first ever visit to Makinos. We waited at the door a few minutes since we got there just before they opened for dinner. The place seemed nice and open, clean. It's an all you can eat buffet with an emphasis on sushi and japanese style dishes. Waitress was good in keeping our drinks filled and plates cleared. I did wonder if we got the food nice and fresh since we dined right at the start of dinner and not later. The selection is decent. I thought it was a bit on the smaller side, but I could be spoiled by the larger spreads at casino buffets. If you're a fan of sushi and japanese items it would be a good place to try. I liked it. As to whether I'd prefer this or an AYCE made-to-order sushi restaurant. I would probably still lean towards the made-to-order. For dinner at least, the prices are similar. I did notice for lunch the price is cheaper. Not sure if the selection is the same at lunch as dinner. Will have to maybe try lunch one day.
3	pros...are you stuck shopping with the wife?  or do you just want to eat some japanese/sushi food while at the mall?  well you can do both here at the outlet mall.  this place is pretty good for selection of sushi and hot food.  i would say there were about 15-20 different types of sushi available. there is also a salad section, hot food section, and of course a dessert section as well.  the sushi is on par with onami and todai, which i agree with.  so it's good but it's still mass produced and not a real authentic experience.  but we are in vegas the land of fake and make believe.  the food is not fake but it's not custom made like a real sushi bar.  granted you are also not paying the same price either.  i will say the sushi is made fairly well and doesn't fall apart too easily.  the selection is really quite good, some totally raw stuff, some cooked sushi, and also quite a few rolls as well.  it also has some hot foods, teriyaki beef, poached salmon, tempura-ed items as well.  some miso soup, udon noodles, with the broth being dispensed from a machine that keeps it hot and pours out just the right amount for your bowl.  the dessert area is also quite good as well, nice selection of stuff to choose from.  some small cakes, jello, ice cream and pastries as well.  all in all a good time to had by all but the most pickiest of people.  waitstaff is pretty attentive and come around pretty often.  drinks are replenished quite often.  tables are cleaned and turned around pretty fast, depending on the need.  otherwise the waitstaff is pretty much invisible.  cons...well it can get a bit crowded if you get there at the right/wrong time.  the tables are a bit close to each other as well.  bathroom is a bit disheveled and "wet".  but who can tell what the liquid is, as the bathroom floor is actually a yellowish color, so the "wetness" has been camouflaged.
4	Just went here for lunch and I'm not sure how I'm writing this review because I am in a certified food coma right now. This place is the buffet version of AYCE Sushi down to the miso soup station, edamame, seaweed salad, and dessert but better because there are no limits on anything (including time;)... We started out with the fresh sushi station where sushi chefs are making sushi right in front of you while you choose your pieces and then moved our way all the way down to the hot food section. The hot food section is nothing special really. It's the sushi you come here for. Also TIP OF THE DAY: Try their iced green tea!!! Delcioussss!!!! Anyways weekday lunch is 16.95 while weekend lunch is 17.95. Weekday dinner is 26.95 while weekend dinner is 27.95. Worth it!
5	Went here for the first time recently. They open for lunch @11:30. We got there a little early and people were already waiting. Its the typical buffet with one section sushi and another section salad so forth. Like some of the other reviewers have stated that if you like sushi this is the place to be! The selection is incredible and it's truly like being in sushi heaven. I also loaded up on the shrimp tempura which was excellent. The only nitpick I have and I think its a valid one is the fact that the food isn't labeled. For example theirs a row of California rolls. But no label or name in front of it to signify that. I love sushi but I'm not a sushiologist so a lot of times I was just grabbing stuff hoping it tasted good based on it's appearance. Also for what you get you can't beat the price. Probably one of the more affordable all you can eat sushi buffets in Vegas.
2	Pretty disappointed with this place. Sushi buffets have a special place in my heart, and I was super-excited to try this one--but the roll selection was weak (no rainbow roll, spicy tuna, or philly rolls?) and they actually used cold canned tuna in some of them--nasty.  Best part was the chunks of salmon sashimi, and the non-sushi portion of the buffet.  Decent cooked sea bass and fried oysters found there!  Miso soup machine seems to need to be refilled often, but the udon was good.However, I came for the sushi and left disappointed.  Todai has better sushi options...
5	Holy sushi!  They need a place like this back home!  Good quality all-you-can-eat seafood AND sushi!!   Being Asian myself, you know an Asian restaurant is good when you see a lot of Asians dining there. I was in my element... lol.I try to make it here whenever I'm in Vegas.  Located at the Outlet Mall downtown, the place is almost always packed, with a bit of a wait when we come. But trust me, it is definitely worth the wait.Let me start with the sushi buffet.  I swear, even if I put one piece of each type of sushi on my plate, I'd never finish! All different types for every palate. Cooked, veggie, raw, eel, octopus, salmon, tuna, crab, squid, shrimp, you name it!  Make sure you save a spot for the entrees too! They've got tempura, salmon, shrimp, other types of fish dishes, beef dishes, and veggie dishes as well. Miso soup, seaweed salad, pickled cucumber, and the regular sides you can find at a normal Asian buffet.They also have a dessert bar with a chocolate fountain!  =)The staff is friendly and always around to fill your drinks when you need it.  All around great place to eat!  I bet you'll be totally full after your visit.  Luckily, you've got the whole mall to go and walk and burn those calories off!  =)
4	SAD SAD News! The cashier told me today that Makino is closing the Outlet Location!! This was the only good place in the mall! Most of the food court has changed. I am going to miss the take-out options!!! Open through December 2013, then CLOSED.
4	My 10th times here, Christmas time again and has to stop by since in town. Lunch 17.95$ on a Sat. Cut rolls are good, sushi rice made from a machine, does not taste well. Soup made by the Miso soup machine, does not taste miso. Seating table close to each other yet acceptable. Salad, hot food are good. Dessert are good, fruit are good. Ice cream are good. Giving  four stars because there is no Buffett in Las Vegas can compete with this pricing. I already try so many buffet in LV and they are all expensive and not as good. If you want better quality Buffett with lower price, go to Burbank, Glendale in Los Angeles area.
3	Very similar to Todai in style.  They serve hot foods (terriyako, udon, tofu, etc) as well as a full sushi bar with rolls and nigiri.  In terms of quality, this location has definitely fallen off a bit compared to the one on Decatur.  The fish wasn't as fresh, most of it was dry and even looked questionable.  The service seemed overwhelmed by the ocean of people.  I don't like that the rolls are very california and spicy tuna oriented.  Most look about the same; they just pile on the sauces and dressings over your standard california or spicy tuna roll.  I hardly eat rolls anyways, so this is a non-issue for me.  Their service is quick and friendly, and it hardly ever gets too crowded.  Parking is on site which is good, and I like that this place is really clean.
1	I had lunch there on sunday and the sign on the window said they will be closing on the 1st of the year, apparently they didn't  renew their lease. 10 year and now they are closed. Strange, since they seemed to be very busy on the weekends.
3	Oh no, they're closed!  Oh well.I like my sushi and this is one of those places I like visiting.  Right in the middle of Premium Outlets.  They are much larger than Todai at the Miracle Mile Shops, but seem to have the same type of stuff.  I judge a place by the quality and selection of nigiri sushi and they were pretty good but not great.  I hope they moved.  If so, I will return.
1	I am a local resident of Las Vegas and my family has been going to Makino (the original location on Decatur and Flamingo) since 2000. The last 3 times we were there it was VERY DISAPOINTING!!! The price has creeped up ($26.95 for weekend dinner), which I wouldn't mind if the quality was there but it's NOT!!! Crab Legs were very small and cold, no hot crab legs. Out of Salmon skin for sushi rolls, no broiled eel, no salmon served in in hot food section, and instead they had the nerve to serve steamed Tilapia, the cheapest bottom dwelling fish on the market! We went back 3 times in case it was a fluke but on 03/01/14. its was still the same, very disapointing. After 14 years as a patron I won't be back. Look around there is better palces for the price!
5	Best Japanese buffet.Unlimited fresh oysters! What more can I ask for? Love how theres a big good variety of sushi and desert! You must go. You wont be disappointed :) This place is always busy so you know people really come back for the food. Sushi doesnt taste mediocre as well even though its a buffet. They always keep their selections fresh!
5	Great food! This is a buffet style restaurant with awesome sushi, king crab legs, and tempura shrimp. The only downside is that they close at strange hours in the middle of the day.
3	This place closed that sucks I'm hungry and now I'm stuck driving to Yama sushi or the Decatur location for makinos
4	I totally love this place, reasonable price for a all you can eat sushi buffet. Huge selection of deserts and all you can eat sushi.  Service is exceptional, parking is abundant and tons of shops to shop around.  Only 4 out 5 stars because its location, quite a drive for to get too.
