2	This is really meant for the superfan, or someone whos never used deductive reasoning before. Good for teens and adults really into the show. A a casual CSI watcher, it was interesting, but lacking in a challenge for someone remotely interested in the sciences. Slight spoiler alert!Felt like most of the facts were given, and not a challenge to figure out. The accompanying videos were interesting, but wasn't taken away by them. You get a diploma that you can choose to have emailed to you, or you can pay for a physical. Other then that you come away with nothing but the sheet of paper you filled out.
3	They first review describes it well.  However, it is not challenging I felt - there could have been a much more intensive and interesting experience.  It gives a good overview of a lot of techniques, and has a good entertainment + information kind of value.  -  Not worth 30 bucks when compared to a lot of LV shows.-  Takes only 1 hour - fairly unique.-  I would recommend doing it in groups.
4	$26 online!  Hubby and I love the CSI shows (not including Miami) and we were excited to see what this was all about.  In short, there are three different crime scenes to chose from.  Totally self-paced, you check out your scene - gathering as much info as you can.  Then you go through a large "lab" area for analysis.  There's even an autopsy area.   It's all very nicely done - with helpful information readily available to move you along.  They try to make this enjoyable for everyone, so you will be able to solve the case with or without too much help.  What made it fun is that all the cast members from the show are involved - via videos.If you're a fan of the show, you'll like this.  To me, the $26 was worth it.
3	zzZZzzz thats all I have to say.
2	Not a massive fan of the show so if you are then i am sure you will rate it higher. Disappointed you can only solve 1 case, it is really easy to solve and make sure you do the stations in order. we were waiting for one station when the girl who worked there pointed to another station further down, bad idea as it answered half of the answers including who owned the gun and pretty much solved it for us. The girl who let us in at the main desk was HOT HOT HOT!!!. Defo the hottest girl in vegas,worth it just for her :-))
1	I followed the sign that said to buy tickets downstairs, but was then sent back up, since I was using a credit card. The crime scene was kinda neat, although the body was laughingly cheap. The rest of the investigation was a total confusing mess and kept getting worse. Each part of the investigation had its own area, but all 3 crimes were crammed into one space. There was only space for two or three people at each station, but there were always at least 6 people just standing around in the cramped area waiting for their turn. There were no directions and the investigation sheet they give you was very poorly laid out. I was really looking forward to the show, but it took less than 5 minutes to be frustrated enough to look for the exit. My wife wanted to continue, so we waited forever for a few stations. We were finally forced to ignore the last two stations and went to file our investigation report. Unfortunately, neither of our 'Agent Codes' worked on the computer, so we couldn't submit our report. I'm have an MS in computers, so it wasn't user error.They could have ACCIDENTALLY done this better. If they had thrown a bunch of equipment in the corner and pointed to it, it would have been more informative and entertaining.Luckily, we were able to convince a couple of ladies not to waste their time and money, so that's a small compensation.Avoid this exhibit. I've seriously never been so disappointed.
3	I'll admit I'm a fan of the show even though a lot of it isn't filmed here in Las Vegas, but eh.. So you get to the bottom of the stairs and pick a case file. I picked number two about the run down actress. Before I go any further my boyfriend who went with me, is rather analytical. You check out the scene and describe what you see. I was done in ten.. him 20...Then you process everything in the lab.. me 15 minshim 30 mins. Without giving anything away I will say it was cool to see how things are processed and they explain some science sounding advice.. :)then in the end you report to MR. Grissom. and hell you can get a diploma saying you completed the case. Cheesy.. yesBetter when drunk... probably.
2	Our whole family are die hard CSI fans, so we wanted to see this exhibit. Quick Summary: I would compare this to a small section of a science museum. Interesting that you get to learn a bit about forensic science, but insulting that they assume you have the intelligence of a gnat or a 1st grader and don't let you decide how much information you want to be spoon fed. It is also WAY too short. You can be done with the exhibit in 30 minutes. It would be a bit cooler if they would let you solve the other 2 cases as well, so then you could stretch it to an hour. Why they don't give you access to the other cases is a mystery...When you get there you have to choose which crime scene you want to solve (3 options), then they give you a piece of paper to write notes on (we all chose number 3 because we read that it was more difficult than 1 and 2). You start off with reviewing the crime scene and jotting down what you see. We took this seriously, which was kind of embarrassing because when you get to the first station in the lab it lists everything in the crime scene so that you can check your work. After this station you go off to the different labs to "analyze" your evidence. Again this is a funny concept as they have already done all the work for you; you are there evidently as a stenographer to record the obvious details that they spell out for you. At the end of this section you proceed into the autopsy room to learn how your victim died, then you enter all of your "findings" (again funny as they have presented all of them to you on a platter) to solve the case. At the end you can pay 5$ to get a copy of the CSI agent certificate. Needless to say we all passed on this, although my kids tell me that they received emails with the certificate attached without asking. Note to self: check credit card bill for extra charges. A sort of light at the end of the tunnel was that we didn't pay full price. We read online about the pick from 3 of the attractions and payonly $54: http://www.nynyhotelcasino.com/entertainment/entertainment_3for54.aspx . This averages out to $18 a ticket. Our other events were the Bodies Exhibit (AMAZING- would pay full price for this), and the Shark Reef, also VERY good. I would skip this particular event and see the Titanic or ride a roller coaster if we had to do it over again. I would have been really upset if we had paid full price for this.
1	I've never seen the show but I'm sure if I had, I'd still have hated this. $30 is way too much money for this. You couldve not gathered evidence for your crime scene and still solved it. I understand it's supposed to be fun and easy but it should be a little challenging. Plus they wouldn't honor the coupon that we'd brought. Not realizing that the coupon had expired at the end of April, the concierge wouldn't cut us a break. The whole experience was an epic fail. Spend your money on Titanic or Body Works.
1	We went to go and check it out at the MGM because we are CSI fans!  I would say it is more for kids rather than adults!
2	Not worth the money. Fortunately, I had good company and I got free tickets so I did feel better about not wasting money or time.It was easy to do and I did not feel challenged in any way.I don't even want to talk to it. Trust me. Don't do it.
3	Ok, if you are going to elect to do this, you have to go in with an open mind and view this as pure entertainment.  I guess my husband and I had too high of expectations.  We really thought we had to crack a serious case or something.  We paid $30/ each person to do this. While there are 3 cases, the $30 only allows you to pick ONE out of the 3.  If you want to solve the next one, it's another $15, the last one is $10.  Anyway, we picked a case where an actress is found dead with tire tracks on her dress and then saw a small video clip about the experience.  Ok, before I go any further, keep in mind that this experience is set up so that kids can solve the cases as well.  We walked in thinking we were really crime scene investigators sent to solve a really hard case. :)After the video, we went to the crime scene where we're supposed look for clues.  We had a pen and paper and my husband and I spent a good amount of time trying to jot down ANYTHING and EVERYTHING that we saw.  We then went to another area where clues from another or the other 2 cases are posted on the walls and you have to look for the color-coding to figure out it's your case.  There's about 5-6 sections to go through to gather clues from forensics to chemical analysis, fingerprinting, analysis of tire tracks to xrays of the rib cage.  Then you're suppose to logon a computer and click on the correct answers and guess who the murderer is. It was a fun experience but in all honesty we really thought it would be a more challenging case.  The murderer was pretty easy to figure out and we felt like geeks for overanalyzing every little thing.  Regardless, it was fun to experience this.  Hey, $30 for an hour of entertainment sure beats losing the money in 5 minutes on the slot machine.  :)
1	Are you kidding me? I must have not looked into this experience well enough opbviously! The experience was a load of crap, not challenging at all, it sucked....30, well 15 for each of us with the MGM card for what? You get all the answers toward the end anyways when you examine the body, the only thing challenging is to compare bullets and that was about it but on a scale of 1 to 10 it was 3 on challenge. Don't waste your time and money on this if you expect an experience. I expected too much like mixing with test tubes and looking at actual things that looked like blood or somewhat real, I didn't expect to sign up for a dead body in the desert and look at a small stage with a dead guy's wedding ring that wasn;t even gold, but looked like a metal, brass plated washer tool....so heavily disappointed and my dad just was in a hurry to get out of there....and certficates you ahve to pay for? This is a joke. Makes CSI unalluring, if I may use that word, which I may cause I already did.
1	mh did this the last time i went to vegas in january.. i love the show so i was hoping for either a three d thing or something ANYTHING would've been better than this.walking around here and there and looking at stuff...not worth the money............not worth the time........
1	A 5 year old could do this.  They had a mock up of a crime scene and then you look at the "lab" that consisted of basically a picture match of things that any kid could do.  The mock up even had flaws in it and there really are no clues or anything to figure out.
2	Don't waste your money... luckily we got a heavy discount.If you think of it as an interactive CSI Museum where you can learn how to collect evidence and think like a CSI then this might be for you.  But if you were thinking you would have to use your brain cells to solve a crime, you will be disappointed.  When you watch the interactive terminals, the CSI's actually spoon feed the info to you.  It seems like they just want the line to move as quickly as possible so people aren't waiting around for you.  What they could've done was create three different skill level scenarios.   This way people know what they're getting into.  Maybe pay more for the more difficult elaborate case.  Oh well,  You can always play the CSI games on the computer.  Those are way more fun.
1	DO NOT GO!!! I love CSI but this little tour is just...to put it bluntly...stupid. There are other places that will garner more delight such as losing money to the slot machine than to this god awful tour. You are not solving a crime...they practically provide you the answer when you are done with the tour. It is so lame...go take your money and ride a cab around the strip one time but don't get suckered into this....thing.good for kids? yes...even a 2 year old can solve these crimes. If you are over the age of 8 you will be bored to death!
1	Please mail me your $30 and I'll send you more interesting CSI material than this exhibit.  Or better yet, just watch the tv show for freeMy girlfriend was a huge CSI fan so she enjoyed it.  But my CSI experience is near zero and that's how I felt after it was all over.  Kids will enjoy this exhibit if they are smart and like to pay attention.
2	Being a CSI Las Vegas fan, I knew I had to check this exhibit out my last trip to Sin City. You have the option to choose between three "crimes". I definitely wanted something gritty and risque that would be reminiscent of an episode but was disappointed by the lame and fluffy crime scenarios presented to us. There were several stations where you can view the crime scene, photos, "pretend" to do handle DNA samples, examine toxicology reports to identify fentenyl in the victims system, look at an unrealistic dummy on the autopsy table as a video explains the victims cause of death...blah, blah, blah...lame...lame...and lame.I really wanted to love this experience but found it utterly painful and almost childish. The CSI crew sets you loose in a room to flutter about the stations. The experience would've been much more memorable with more hands on activities, better and more realistic visuals and a bit more interaction from the crew . I won't be coming back, nor would I really recommend this to anyone with half a brain.
3	If you have teenager or pre-teen into mysteries, science or crime programs, then this is your stop.  A bit dull and simplistic for the adult audience, but would be fun with kids.
1	I really wish I would have read the yelp reviews before going here. The "experience" is boring and the puzzles are easy. You don't really have to do any problem solving, since they basically give you the answers. The facility is cheaply constructed, run down and not well maintained for costing $30.  It was a huge mistake and a waste of time and money.
3	If you're a fan of the show this is a fun interactive hour. Glad I got my tix from goldstar.com though, the original price is a little steep for what you get. You get to play investigator and choose from three different cases. Solve the crime by collecting evidence and screening it in the lab. We all had a good time. But again if you're not a big fan, skip it.
1	I am a huge fan of all things CSI, so it was a given that while my hubby & I were in Las Vegas we would check out CSI:The Experience....even better was the "Father's Day" deal....free for fathers, so after paying our $25 we headed down the escalator to begin the experience. It was such a let down.....I actually wanted my money back afterwords. It was completely self-guided, the crime was super easy to solve, we were almost spoofed the answer. The layout of the the lab area was not clearly marked, too many people were trying to use the same information/equiptment at the same time....not entertaining at all. The CSI:The Experience was a good idea....but it was very poorly executed......We wasted our time & money......don't waste yours.
2	If you were a huge fan of the show then you will love this. If you just know of the show then maybe not so much. My mother is a HUGE fan of the show and got a kick out of it. I watched the show once or twice and thought it was meh. We went on the last tour of the day and the employees were basically shutting down the exhibit directly behind us like stalking us. Talk about not feeling rushed. I did it only cause my mom wanted to go and would only go again because she wanted to go.
1	Do not waste your money. If I could give them a negative star I would. We got some passes for dirt cheap and decided to give it shot. It was not fun, some of their so called lab equipment was not working and at the end after you solve the crime they want you to pay for your certificate. You can also pick to get it email for free...umm I picked email but people who pay full price of 30 bucks and they still have to pay for a freakin certificate! Please stay away I promise you will be disappointmented.
2	You can't go more than once.   Was kinda fun, probably better if you had small kids with you?
1	C'mon. This is MGM... one of the best casino/hotels in Vegas. And they house this? MGM should be ashamed. Granted, I could see this at the Excalibur or Luxor (and that isn't a dig; I love staying at the Excalibur), but the quality doesn't match MGM. It is way overpriced. There are coupons that shave a couple bucks off of it, or you can go with a package deal. Either way, CSI isn't worth it. It takes about 10 minutes to go through. You have these sheets on clip boards, and you go through "evidence stations" that are crowded with other people. These "stations" are like tiny puzzles that any moron with even a second-grader's logic could figure out. This might be good if you have 6-12 year-olds that happen to like the TV show, but this is not an attraction for adults or older teens.
3	I'm a huge fan of CSI- Las Vegas, so when our friends suggested going to this I was super excited to check it out with them. I thought it was very fun going through the different stages of looking for forensics evident. I think this is a very kid friendly excursion. I wouldn't go back again, but it was worth checking out. You get to pick one case to follow through on and there are 3 cases to choose from. Once you pick a case you get a piece of paper to write down everything. There are several stages of investigation and in the stages there are different labs, you have to find the ones that relate to your case. Then in the end you get to find out if you were right or wrong and you can print a certificate to say you got the case right! :)Overall I thought it was too easy, but it was still interesting. Tip: Don't over think it!
2	Have a few drinks and / or bring kids before going.
1	The CSI franchise is ruined by this attraction. It's seriously something designed with children in mind, but I would venture to say that kids would even find this very boring. Basically all the interaction is done for you and you just walk through a few rooms parroting back what the TV says. It is seriously a waste of time and money. Stay FAR FAR away from this place and don't get suckered in by the ticket package (don't pick adventuredome either since Circus Circus is far and out of the way).
1	Waste of time!  When I entered and saw the crime scenes I was like "Okay, this is gonna be cool".  As soon as I solved the first puzzle in the lab I realized this is less about being an investigator and more about catering towards the family experience. The puzzles are very basic, which a ten year old could appeal to.  So, if you are a family man, then by all means take your kids.  If you are everyone else, just stay far, far away from this pathetic joke for a forensic experience.
3	Okay, this place was not that bad. It was fun if you didn't expect a lot out of it. It's a family fun thing to do with the kids and people who are fans of the show. I was plenty excited when I passed by it and bought tickets for it (Tix 4 you has cheaper tickets right our the hotel). I'm a huge fan and has watched this since it came out so I really got a kick out this, I was literally jumping right before they sent us off on our 'case'. LOL.They had three cases, and they randomly assign you one and they send you off to your crime scene, the lab, toxicology, ME, etc. You have a sheet of paper in hand that you have to fill out with evidence and stuff that you find along the way before gathering all of it and deducing who done it and such. It wasn't exactly hard, and I had actually expected something more difficult- but oh well. Some things didn't really make sense to me and a lot of the answers were already provided, but overall a fun experience that fans should come and try out. If you solve the case, you get a diploma sent to you via email or you can get it printed there for $6.95 (hella expensive... But it's on nice paper, LOL) At the time that we did it, they were giving out free hats/beanies to those that solved the case, so we were awarded a nice black CSI hat. :D
3	Hmm, I'm usually the cranky one in my ratings, and I can sometimes be a little nitpicky/detailed... But in the case of CSI museum, my rating is higher than most. I had a decent time. They have 3 scenes to choose from, and one of them is superior to the others (the one with the car crash). Better clues and more interesting investigating with this one. True, it's not hard to solve, and it's probably more fun for kids. But if you're willing to be a kid for an hour or so, it's interesting enough.  Keep your expectations low. And don't pay half price to do a second scene. The car crash scene is the only interesting one. Oh, and don't pay full price.
4	My foreign exchange student from Germany, wife and I went through this exhibit yesterday.  They must have fixed it up and improved it since some of the reviewers went through.  I saw none of the problems they report.  Everything worked fine.  We did the 'A House Collided' case.  I thought the crime scene and lab stations were set up very well.  The best part was looking over the crime scene and trying to make note of everything interesting on my form.  Reminds me of those games in which you look at a picture and then try to spot the differences or to later draw or describe what you saw.  I didn't expect to actually get to touch much of anything in the exhibit given that they have to keep it intact for dozens of people to interact with daily.  They almost fooled me with the surprise ending to the case, but we figured it out. It was fun for Max, my wife and I to come up with our own ideas about what happened and to compare notes. We each noticed things that the others missed.  I liked the ability to leave a video note on what I saw in the exhibit. Now my little video is part of the Experience :) The diploma that you can get either at the exhibit or have emailed to you was a nice touch too.  Max is the fan of the show in our group. I've only seen a few episodes, but both he and I thought they did a good job of capturing the feel of the show.  If you are a big-time fan of the show, you can even get your picture taken in Gil Grissom's office.  This experience isn't quite as lavish as the sadly missed Star Trek Experience the Hilton made the mistake of removing, but it is a fun diversion.  A Pro Tip: Go to the CBS Television City booth first and get free tickets to that. Watch a TV show and rate it for them. Then they will give you Discounts on CSI The Experience as well as for food and drinks around the MGM. You also get a discount at the souvenir shop if you go to the CSI The Experience first, before you shop.  If you are a local, there is a discount for that as well.  If you get anything in the Experience Shop, get the syringe pens or the highlighters that look like high tech sample cases. Those are cool.
1	I simply went to make my partner happy... but I had an open mind, and I love mysteries.. so I thought it could be pretty fun.. Yikes. It was a massive waste of money. We were GIVEN a case.. the lamest one there.. and then had to "solve" the murder.  And by solve, I mean given the answers at each station until you get to the end, where you "solve" the case-- and if you couldn't solve it, you are a box of rocks. Maybe if I were with a 10-13 year old kid? The people that I was with acted like they enjoyed it... but I think they were faking it.
2	Sadly it was really boring. And way to easy! I wanted to feel like I really figured out who did it!
2	Unless you have children ages 12 and under, do not go here. Waste of time and money if you're over 21. If it were more challenging I would have liked it more. The setup is okay and it's cool to see the different angles a death can be looked at. Informative, but this is a Disneyland attraction. Something just not for Vegas. Also it's a total rip-off in the end because you don't event get a "certificate" printed out for you unless you pay for one. Don't fall for this tourist trap even if you are a true CSI fan. You will be disappointed.
1	It was mildly interesting, but way way overpriced.
1	This deserves 0 stars. I love CSI and have watched it since the beginning. This attraction was lame from start to finish. If I was 7 and had never play a video game, I might be challenged and think this was great. If that doesn't describe you then you will be disappointed in the way they give you all the clues and answers. All you have to food walk stood and touch computer screen "next" buttons. If you want a great, great, GREAT CSI like experience, check out "Mystery Adventures". That company has a bus they take you to multiple locations, you have to find clues, figure out puzzles and actually do some work to solve the case! Way better the the CSI thing at MGM.
3	It is OK. I am not a big CSI fanatic, so I didn't have very lofty expectations. The initial set up was cool where you mapped out the crime scene, but it doesn't seem they are taking care in these sets. There was random trash from customers littered around, which wasn't part of the crime scene. The puzzles which followed were somewhat interesting, but not very challenging. The autopsy part was pretty cool. The workers for the experience seemed very vanilla. You could tell they put in many endless days at this place, and they seemed to be rushing you through the part at end on computer.This would probably be great for kids 8-14ish
2	Decided with a few friends to go last minute. Wish we hadn't gone. The experience is very boring and not interesting at all. They give you a clip board to write your evidence on. You're suppose to investigate and be the forensic detective but they give you all the answers, you walk through the place but have to stop at a computer all the time to get more clues... It just wasnt a true csi experience. Not challenging at all.
1	Why, for the love of Pete, WHY did I not think to check Yelp about this attraction before I went?  I was in town three months ago for a conference, staying at MGM Grand, and walked by it 3 times a day thinking "that sounds like fun, I should go" but never got a chance to.  And, last week, when I brought my honey here for vacation, I had this on my 'must try list'.  After going to see Zumanity, they gave you a flier for 40% off CSI and the other Cirque de Soleil shows - so I thought, awesome, we can go see CSI for cheap!Even at 40% off this was a massive ripoff.  They advertise it as if you will actually get to think and do detective work.  Nope.  You get to look at a poorly lit, roped off 'crime scene' where you can't really see anything - to look for clues - and that my friends is the extent of the detective work.  From there, you go into a room that shows pictures of all the clues you couldn't possibly see in the actual crime scene and then you fumble your way around through 'stations' that are from 3 different crime scenes to try to find the ones that apply to yours.  But when you find them, they just spoon feed you info about the case.  There is no thinking or 'solving puzzles' involved.  And, if, like us you end up accidentally visiting these stations in the wrong order (because they're not organized in any sort of orderly fashion) you are given SPOILERS about what you supposedly learned at other stations you never did even end up finding.Then you go answer a 'quiz' on the computer about the evidence (which you can't possibly get wrong unless you don't actually speak English or didn't actually visit the stations that give you the answers flat out) and voila you are done.  We were in there about 15 minutes, spent $20 per person, and felt like it was the biggest disappointment and waste of money of our trip.  It clearly caters to the lowest common denominator of stupid person and not to anyone who actually wants to solve a puzzle.Shame on you, CSI and MGM Grand for hosting such crap!  And shame on me for not thinking to Yelp this waste of time first esp. since I spent hours Yelping all the restaurants we went to on our trip.  I don't give 1's very often but you deserve the cone of shame!
4	This was really fun, but it seemed a bit too short. I enjoyed that just my friend and I got to work on a case by ourselves, but at times we had to wait for a station which kind of sucked, but since it wasn't very busy was usually only for a minute or two. I wished it had been a bit longer and maybe a little more interactive. For the price, I considered it worth it, but we had a $10 off coupon so maybe that helped my disappointment. Overall, it is a great concept and an interesting way to spend an hour out of the summer heat. I just wish it was executed a little better.
1	Thankfully I had a Groupon and didn't pay full price. Overall the experience lacked any kind of fun/ challenge. All the clues/answers were given to you and there was a complete lack of organization. Stations set up to allow to groups at once were occupied by one group using twice the space. The staff acknowledged that some stations weren't in proper working condition and explained how many times they have been told about it before. I wouldn't recommend this place for even kids. They would have a much better time for the money at another experience.
2	After going through CSI: The Experience, and solving a murder myself, I don't see how the police every let a murderer go free? They are so easy to catch! You just look at the crime scene with the bag of drugs lying next to the dead body, and then check the victim's cell phone to see who sent her a text message saying "let's meet up and do some drugs" right before she died, then you use the little slidey fingerprint matching thingy to find out who's prints are on the bag of drugs (same girl who sent the text!) and push the little buttons to do the chemical tests to see what changes color to figure out what the drug was, and viola! You just solved yourself a crime! After going through this, the only reason I could see the cops not catching a murderer is pure laziness.Seriously though, this is a pretty hokey "Experience," and it totally oversimplifies police work, even by the standards of the television show CSI. We had coupons for $5 off entry (somebody handed them to us on the strip) and it was still $53 total for two people. We were in there for maybe 40 minutes, because we went through everything thoroughly and had fun making fun of the exhibits. I had a good time going through here honestly, but I cannot whole-heartdly recommend it to you, because you may not.
1	YOU WILL BE VERY MAD AT YOURSELF FOR SPENDING ANY TIME OR MONEY HERE - I WAS!  My six friends and I went to Vegas for 5 days in Aug/Sept 2012.  There is a neat little ticket office outside of the CSI Experience where you can buy 3 events for 54.00 - we thought the CSI Experience would be cool. It turned out to be the laughable crappiest low point of the trip. IT WAS NOTYou're assigned a crime to solve, BUT AS WE DISCOVERED...there is nothing to solve or use your brain for whatsoever - they assume youre an idiot and basically tell you who did it almost in the most obvious way they can at every step.  This would be awesome (probably not) for a 4 yr old....if you're over 4 and don't wet the bed anymore - this assenine "experience" will leave you mad you spent any money on it at all.I am personally vowing to "review kill" this craptastic un-attraction into the ground.
2	I've always been a CSI fan so I've wanted to try this out every time I've visited Vegas and I finally did.Let's just say that I'm glad I didn't have to pay full price for my ticket & the bf's. The setup is nice but it could use more work.
4	I thought this was pretty fun. My fiance and I enjoyed working the case. Some of it wasn't very challenging, but it was something to do. Sign up for the M club!!! It's practically 2 for the price of 1 if you join. I would have liked to do the other two cases, but we were tired.
2	This attraction was a good way to kill an hour. My wife and I teamed up to solve the murder in scenario one. We followed the path and went through the steps in solving the case some of which seemed spoon feed to the CSI and not really sluethed out. I think some games of Clue have been more challenging. The overall experience was fun and informative but don't expect any surprises. If you go in thinking it is a puzzle game you will be disappointed. This is more of a science museum with active participation. The best part of the attraction was the cool vest and the souvenir photo.
2	Overpriced and under-fun. This was more trouble than it was worth and the "crime scenes" were G-rated and boring. Probably OK for kids, but if you're over 12, skip it.
3	Killing time before we had a flight to catch, my husband and I spent our last few hours in Vegas exploring activities within the hotel we had stayed all week, the MGM Grand. The experience was fun! I have never seen one episode of CSI and maybe if I had, I wouldn't have felt like the "experience" was overpriced.The good: getting assigned a "case" to solve and while it was easy, I did enjoy it. The "eh": For $25 (that was with a $5 off coupon) I wouldn't have gone had my husband not wanted to. To me the CSI experience should be something included in a trip to something else (like a hands on science museum with lots of hands on activities).Not bad to kill time, but if you have other things planned, I wouldn't waste my time.
2	tip:  there are coupons in those free vegas coupon books, make sure to use them if your interested in attending.  super big fan of CSI so i was pretty excited to finally get to experience this.  unfortunately like most folks say my expectations fell way short.  before you start the employees give you some CSI paperwork that you will use later, and then you watch a 5 minute video of Grissom saying some general things about CSI and the crimes.  afterwards you have the option of choosing 3 crime scenarios, looking at the clues, and then with your csi paperwork, take notes and then return to the 'lab' to analyze the results.  even though your technically only allowed to do one case, you can always go back and do all three cases since your allowed in the area as long as you like.  once you take all your notes, you head to the faux lab and go to station to station to analyze the results.  each station is unique (gun shot analyze, foot prints, etc)  and such but just didn't seem to exciting to me and to be honest figuring out what happen is pretty easy.  once your done, you get a certificate saying you solved the mystery.  overall, pretty boring, some props they use are cool, but not sure if its worth 25 bucks.  for the big CSI fans, i think its worth checking out, but don't expect too much like me or else you will feel disappointed when its over.  the CSI brand is pretty strong, so maybe they can improve this experience somehow...
1	Never saw a CSI episode, but thought it will be interesting. Staff wasn't nice (enough) to me. Till I understood what I should do with the given paper we were investigating a wrong scene.So they were closing and I wanted to check other labs as well and asked if I can come back next day, first the girl there said that I can talk to the manager but when I was going to talk to the manager, she said that the other labs are for different crime-scenes and "technically I shouldn't look at them". So according to her, I had to walk around with my eyes closed and open only when it's related to my crime-scene.Finding the location was a hard task itself. No signs in MGM about and got tired from asking directions and walking in thereBut museum was fun, I've learnt some things, lots of info I guess, but it's very much overpriced and I've not gotten my "certificate" or whatever they should email me.
4	In the morning we visit MGM Grand's "CSI: The Experience".  You may choose to solve one, two or three murders.  We opted for one since we were neophytes to this experience.  I am quickly reminded why Bella (the daughter of a scientist) has a decided advantage over me (lover of mystery novels) in a game where analyzing data and drawing conclusions is the name of the game. The first room features a tiny theater where we watch a brief intro taped by one of the CSI characters.  Then we enter the crime scene and everyone begins sketching their drawing of the crime scene and jotting down any evidence that may be important.  Next we visit the various labs and gather and review evidence.  At the conclusion you log-on to a computer and complete your final report.  It is analyzed in real time and you receive feedback from your supervisor.  Finally, you receive an official CSI diploma.  My unfortunate reality is that "science" is my 2nd worst subject (math being the worst) so I'm a little surprised I had a good time and didn't completely "screw the pooch" (so-to-speak).  As mentioned earlier my love of mysteries plagued me a little as it  is my natural instinct to question as to whether witnesses are lying or not.  I forgot that there was tangible evidence and oftentimes scientific evidence supporting the statements made by the various suspects.  Bella thoroughly enjoyed herself and I enjoyed watching her constantly calculating brain in action.  We will definitely be back one day for Bella to solve murders number two and three.
4	The while experience was ok. You get to play detective and look for clues and try to solve the case. I recommend NOT paying the regular $30 and somehow get a discount. I paid $15 on groupon. Not a place to go out of your way for but if you happen to be nearby or need to kill time, then this is your spot
1	This was by far the BIGGEST waste of money and time I've ever spent in my entire life!!! Firstly the price was ridiculous! For two people the price is $53.45, secondly they say it takes an hour to complete and it's actually 15-30 depending on which crime scene you are assigned . And you get nothing in return but a stupid emailed diploma . Do not waste your money folks. You can thank me now
1	The concept sounded really cool for me and my 12 year old son but I found this to be a complete disappointment. While we enjoyed solving the case it just seemed like it could have been so much better. The staff while nice seemed overwhelmed and understaffed. It seemed a lot of the equipment was on the blink not sure if we had bad timing or if this was a continuing problem.Also, for what it is the price seemed a little high. The experience comes no where near the level of the TV show. Loved the concept but the execution failed miserably.
3	USE COUPON!! I got my tickets at Tix4tonight outlet, it is about buy 1 get 1 free compare to the original listing price.I am a super CSI fan so this is on my TO DO list in Vegas and I was really looking forward to it. The location is located all the way to the back in MGM, took the escalator down and the CSI staff will gave us the official vest and report sheet; which listed the case that you are assigned.There were 3 crime scenes but  you can only go to the randomly assigned one, followed the report sheet to answered the questions, after the crime scenes, there were different labs: blood, bone and alcohol lab.We did walked around and peek on other "cases" try to get the full experience. Then all of sudden, a group of 15+ people came in and the lab got really crowded.Overall, I enjoyed the experience, it is not the best or most fun experience, but it was a CSI moment. We did not upgrade the diploma or take the $25 photo at Grissom's office cause it all seem pricey.  We took a photo at the main entrance and the staff was so nice and let us borrowed their vest for the photo.I don't think this is a place for kids to explore the lab, a local Discovery Center might be cheaper and more educational. PS. enter a real email address at the Computer lab, so they can email you a FREE CSI diploma  :)
4	If you are a fan of the CSI tv show, you should check it out.  I don't get why the low ratings from so many yelpers.  Hey, its Vegas. Its cheesy. Its supposed to be cheesy Vegas!  Many places offer discount tickets. I got mine on Groupon (basically it was 50% off) or check your Vegas magazine in your hotel room for a coupon.  You're a CSI person looking for clues.  The experience walks you through it, although it can be a bit confusing finding your station (there's 3 stations, and you're assigned to 1 of 3).  Unless you're a toddler (and they recommend a child over the age of 12 to attend) you can't really mess up.I had a great experience.  I would not go back (there's no need if you solved the crime) but if you're a CSI Vegas fan, its a "should" check out event. Thumbs up.. I miss you, Grissom!
1	Um yeah a bit boring for adults and true CSI fans...blah really. It is an experience, just not a good one for the price...sorry wish it was better
2	If you are experiencing Vegas with children ages 7-12 then this place is a must see!  It offered great insight into forensic science while still being very kitchy in its CSI (the TV show) theme.However, as the adult playing tourist, I was not impressed. I love the show. I love the intricacies of forensic science but it lacked in follow through. I would have loved more in depth explinations on how they do things or more hand on opportunities to participate. For $30 a person, it needed a little something more.
4	What's not to like about this crime scene investigation experience? I have always been a big fan for CSI like TV shows, such as CSI, Dexter, Fringe, Body of Proof, Bones... Finally I get to experience what it's like to be a forensic scientist for solving crimes, also the blood spatter analysis, DNA match, autopsy... It was really interesting and exciting! There are three crime cases, we were assigned to one of the crime scenes, we need to write down all the things we see, very detailed explanations, go through a few medical examinations to get clues, in order to catch the suspect. It was quite some work to finish the whole thing! We got most of the clues right, missed some, but we still got the right result, caught the right suspect! Yeah! Hubby and I were so happy catching the bad guy! I think this exhibit is great for people who are into forensic science, CSI like TV shows, or just simply like to solve puzzles! It is also a fun activity for couples, hubby and I partnered very well to solve the crime, it felt intimate in a different way, maybe just for me, I love medical examiner fall in love with cop scenario a little too much. ;p Ps. $32 per person, they offer $58 for 3 shows per person at MGM Grand casino hotel, they have a few good ones to choose from, it's better deal than just spend $32 for one exhibit here.
3	I used a groupon and I would have been disspointed if I paid full price but this was fun. Lots of little rooms you go from point a,b,c etc to solve the crime. I did Case #2, and the crime scene was pretty accurate looking (considering it was a dummy). There are employees walking around in lab coats, helping you out. It is better if you do it in a group BUT I would have rather done 2 different scenarios so we could have gotten a little different views on 2 different cases.
4	I loved it due to the fact im a big fan of CSI..I would suggest going to ebay to find tickets to save some money if you are on a budget but all and all I really liked it..from the details in the crime scene to the autopsy....very cool
1	Absolutely worst experience in Vegas.  Half the computers were broken, props are old.  Cheesy exhibits.  For the amount of money we paid, even with our groupon deal, it was too much.  Find it on groupon if you MUST go, and only pay $15 per ticket.  Also, this is inside the MGM Grand Hotel, all the way in the back.  It is a seriously long walk from the front.  While you are there, if you must go, you might as well do the CBS Television Research Lab Center.  That is free.  That's the only way this would be worth the money.  Budget 45-60 minutes.  The MGM Hotel smells like a bad brothel of nasty perfume.  It was gross.  The whole hotel.
4	CSI: The Experience was one of the attractions on my Las Vegas Power Pass. I took some time out of my schedule to check out this attraction. There are selected times in which the attraction starts (check the start time schedule so you're not waiting). You're giving a CSI vest and note pad like a real investigator. You must figure out who committed the crime as you go through the experience. I thought the hands on part of the attraction made the experience. Staff takes your picture with different backgrounds at the end of the experience for purchase. Customers can purchase CSI Las Vegas merchandise at the store as well. I really enjoyed this attraction. If you like CSI (forensics) or hands on attractions, CSI: The Experience is a good choice.
2	We are huge CSI fans... This is a great concept but a bit cheesy. However my 14 year old loved it. Good time filler but therez better out there.
1	SAVE YOUR MONEY HONEY!For 3 people we spent $95 all to look at computer screens? Ok you start off with a crime scene and then you go from computer to computer to "Solve the case." which could have been a fun concept if it weren't for the fact that its programmed to solve it for you. OK fun right.So basically all you do is go from one computer station to another click a mouse and boom that's your "CSI Experience" The kicker is you get a diploma afterwards which is an EXTRA $5.95 nope they couldn't include that piece of paper in the $95 they initially charged. RIP OFFMe id rather watch paint dry.
3	This exhibit ended up being just ok and a lot smaller and quicker to visit than I had imagined. I'm a big fan of the show and when a co-worker had a couple tickets to give away, I jumped at the opportunity! Tickets are normally about 30 bucks, which is quite a bit since you'll to through the entire thing and solve your crime in about 30-40 min. There are 3 scenarios and they will assign 1 to your group once you pay and check in to receive your assignments. Each participant gets a pen, clipboard and worksheet where you will jot down your notes and evidence just like a real CSI. Then off you go to watch a short 3 min video introduction and then a visit to the crime scene you were assigned. We were the red team or crime scene #3, which involves skeletal remains that were found in the desert.After visiting your respective crime scene, you go into the lab, where there are stations located throughout corresponding to your specific crime scenes. Find each station and watch videos, read signs and work on computers to reveal answers to the questions on the worksheet to lead you to solving your crime. At the end you will report  your findings to your supervisor via computer to receive your diploma, which you have to pay $5.95 for or you can email it to yourself, which is what we did...really, who is going to pay $5.95 for a piece of paper printed in color ink? Felt like they nickel and dimed you for everything...admission, then diploma, and then photo. This final stage where you submit your report/findings is also where you will throw on CSI vests, hats and fake guns to take a green screen photo. There are various backgrounds that you can choose from and they have you take 3 different poses. Photos were $14.95 each and then $6.95 for each additional one after the first. We decided to buy a photo because we really liked one of the backgrounds.Overall we had a good time but including taking photos, picking the one we liked and making the purchase, we were there less than an hour. Definitely not worth the full price they are charging, but it's worth a visit if you can get some kind of discounted ticket or coupon or something, especially if you're a fan of the show/series.
3	I had a great time completing the CSI Experience, and recommend it to anyone in Vegas needing an activity for kids.  A few years back I took my son and younger cousins to Vegas for his birthday, as a way to keep them entertained throughout the day I decided we would go over to MGM and take a twirl with CSI.  With my extensive detective skills watching Snapped and 1st 48 I just knew I was a shoe-in. The experience was very well planned and made this a collaborative group experience.  We solved the crime and somehow had a great family bonding moment.  The only con is, when we came there was a fight later that night....and uh, well MGM is GHETTO.  But I enjoyed myself nonetheless.I got my tickets on Goldstar (a girl loves a deal)
2	This wasn't bad, but it wasn't good. Perhaps it was more geared for children, but there was nothing adventurous about this experience.
4	I really enjoyed this. My husband said it was a bit dry for him. You do interact with computers to help you deduce your crime scene but I did not think that took away from the experience. I got bogo tickets from booking at vegas.com so it was not a huge financial deficit.  Don't go in expecting to be involved in an episode of CSI and you should enjoy the experience.
3	#meh. There are three 'crimes' and you get selected to 'investigate' one of them. The one we did (number 3) had evidence missing from scene of crime and what appeared to be 'evidence' which was not detailed in the laboratories. Fun... Sure. We are big CSI fans and it was worth the groupon purchase and time spent (glad we didn't pay full price.) Would have preferred a challenge and would have paid more if it WAS challenging. Someone should check to ensure the crime scenes still have all props. Whole exhibit probably needs to be updated in general.
2	It was a bit boring in my opinion. You get to investigate one of the 3 crime scenes. At the very beginning I was very pumped because I thought we actually get to solve a 'puzzle' but they actually give you the answers to the clues for each laboratories that you have to go through. It doesn't even require thinking because the answers are right in front of you.Overall, it was worth the groupon purchase but not worth for the full price. It's good for experience. I think kids would enjoy this more than the adults.
1	Basically all you do is walk from computer to computer, to computer. I thought I would be able to physically do some "detective work" like looking for clues or maybe dust for finger prints with baby powder or look thru a microscope for fake DNA or a least something interesting, but no, nothing fun. Total disappointment.
1	Super boring, do not waste your time. All you do is walk around from station to station, they say it will take up to an hour, but no it can be done in 20 min. You're just waiting around for the people in front of you. We had more fun taking pictures of ourselves at the end then we did in the actual "experience" glad I didn't pay full price.
2	With the CSI Experience, you get one of three crimes to solve. You view the crime scene then stop by different stations to view weaponry, trace evidence, forensic evidence, etc to solve a crime. It gives an interesting view on science and learning about how to analyze evidence (somewhat surface level, but something new will likely be learned).However, there are two main difficulties I had that significantly curtailed the enjoyment:1. Dim lighting. If you have difficulty reading in dim light or when on glossy boards, you may want to skip this attraction since the signage, evidence, and crime scene will be difficult to see.2. Much of the experience felt very dated and the entire experience was housed within a fairly small area (square footage wise). It seems as though this would be really great for kids ages 7-12, or for those with a keen interest in forensic science. But it may not be worth the $28 ticket (or even $14-18 for discounted prices ) given the other options in Vegas
1	There are 100,000 ways to waste money in Vegas.  This may be the least fulfilling. Yes, even worse than getting syphilis from that twice-divorced, 40-something "I'm 48, I'm not dead" MILF you met outside of the Flamingo.CSI: The Experience has literally no redeeming value. We went in thinking we might see some displays that show, like, Luminol in action and stuff. No.Rather, you are given a clipboard and walk from a staged "crime scene" to several "forensic stations" to solve the crime.Fisher-Price toys require advanced skills compared to solving this "crime."Even worse, key parts of the displays were not functioning. Like, say, the LED that is supposed to make the water of a "drug test" turn red.As you reach the end, the staff asks if you'd like to dress up in CSI costumes and have your photo taken as you solve your case. Hell no. I want *no evidence* to document my presence.Oh, there was a crime committed here. It happened at the cash register when they took my $24.
2	I went to Vegas and I also went on a Groupon maranthon!  I saw this at a great price so I took it. I use to LOVE CSI back in the day with the original cast (I dont watch it anymore for obvious reasons).  Again, I did not read any reviews or read what this is about.  I knew it was an "experience" type deal but I really thought it would have memorabilia from the show.This was kinda a waste of money. Good thing it was super cheap otherwise if you paid the full price you would be screwed and angry. They give you a clip board and you have to solve the crime.  Now that would be cool if they had elaborate sets and it was "longer"Not really.  All 3 crimescenes basically led into one room and they gave you the answers as you were solving it.  The sets weren't really that great.  It was basically a computer screen which you read on. But honestly, nothing of any real substance.  The whole thing took like less then 15 mins. They really need to add more to it because it was too short.Good thing it was super cheap. Otherwise don't go here and don't pay full price.
1	I did this CSI Experience today with my husband as an early birthday gift and for the 4th of July. This is not what I expected at all and I felt that we spent way too much money for this really dumb exhibit. I was so disappointed by this as it felt so childish and stupid. I cannot believe we wasted a Friday holiday on this or that we spent $60 on this event for the day. I could think of many other ways to spend $60 in Vegas without feeling lame. I wish we could get a refund from Vegas.com because this is the one time I would think a refund is warranted. This exhibit is such a joke and a waste of money do not bother trust me!!!
3	IF you are looking for something to waste a little time before a show or just a die hard CSI fan I say go for it. The case I did was pretty simple you don't have to be a rocket scientist to figure this out. They also do military discounts!
1	Pretty boring and not very entertaining - 15 mins for the whole thing. Don't waste the money
3	It was OK and a nice break to get out of the sun.  I was there for about 45 minutes.  Make sure to get a discount because I would say it was not worth full pricing.  That being said, I likely won't return to solve any of the other cases.  I wasn't disappointed, but wasn't overly excited about it either.
1	To be completely honest, this was such a waste of time. It was short, boring and uneventful. First of all,  you are greeted by a gum smacking teenager who barely smiles and gives you a piece of paper with a clipboard that is suppose to be a map. Then you are divided into different groups (by color) and after that, you are pretty much on your own. So it's not like you are really "solving" anything. There are people are hovered around you (the people in your color group) that are doing the exact same thing you are doing so people are giving away all the answers when you just got there. Nothing looks real. NOTHING. I was soooooooo disappointed. At the end, you get to pose for pictures with some props (of course, there is a price) (this was my favorite part). And you get to make your own CSI certificate after you answer 5 questions or so. (and of course, again there's a price if you want it printed or free if you get it emailed to yourself). The whole so-called experience took less than 20 mins. What a joke! BTW, the room is super small and dark. Bad ventilation. Everybody in there was hot and calmy. Ewwwwwww!
4	If you like CSI you will like this place. It does hand hold you a little more than I would have liked but still it is an interesting and unique experience.
1	Holy crap this was the biggest let down out of my entire Vegas vacation. I've always wanted to do this because I went to Vegas last year and ended up not having time to go.On paper it looks amazing. Go in, analyze a crime scene and attempt to solve a crime. They have various sections inside so you can "analyze the data you gathered"Let me tell you this if you're planning on going "DO NOT OVER THINK THINGS" as matter of fact, DON'T THINK AT ALL. There's no analysis, there's no studying the crime scene, all answers are practically given to you... They just walk you through it. It's VERY pathetic. It was hilarious, me and a friend were actually thinking so deep into it, analyzing the crime scene carefully, jotting down everything we saw...and when we finally go to the end we just laughed at how pathetic it actually was. All the "analysis" is practically already laid out on the various sections, all you do is record them on the sheet you're given. Save your money.
1	I came here because I had purchased a groupon. It's really not worth the full price so try and get the groupon. I really thought they would set up crime scenes and we would have to investigate by putting things together. You literally just go on a computer and answer questions even a fifth grader could answer. I felt like all I did was match pictures together and voila! I solved the crime. Not worth it in my opinion.
3	Decent family-friendly fun activity. My wife loved it! Not a bad way to kill an hour or two.
4	This was something was scoped out when bringing our 8 & 11 year old kids to Vegas. Our parents in their 60's also joined us. You are assigned a crime scene (not scary for kids). You jot down your observations. There are forensics, chemistry, fingerprint analysis, tire impressions, DNA comparisons, digital evidence, etc.  It wasn't overly challenging, but if it were, it wouldn't be appealing for the whole family. Each of our family members did their own form and we assisted the kids here and there. It was a really fun overall experience. We would like to do the other two crimes scenes next time. It's fun to see how observant your kids are and if they enjoy a fun mystery, this is the place to go. We received a discount at $21 per person. If you pay $35, you can do three events through the MGM. In retrospect, we will do that next time. The kids have requested it!
4	The people who wrote negative reviews must be no fun! I am a 28yo CSI lover and I am living this!! It's fun :) Only downside is it's a bit crowded and you may have to wait a couple minutes to access evidence.
3	So I've had a coupon for free admission to this thing that has just been laying around for months. A couple of days ago I decided it was time to finally use them. My philosophy with anything free is "why not?"The location of the attraction is close to the deepest caverns of the massive cavern that is the MGM Grand. A place I usually avoid because I never fail to get at least slightly lost. When you enter, you're treated to an overpriced gift shop. Upon paying, they give you a color coded sheet of paper and its on to the exhibit.I for one am not a fan of CSI, so I was quite jaded at the introduction while everyone around me was cheering. Go figure. After all that wad done, we went to our specific crime scene to "investigate." We were given the car crash scene, which ended up being a setup by a drunken man to cover-up killing his twin brother.The exhibit in of itself was pretty interesting. You draw clues on your piece of paper and take it to the "lab," a series of computer stations and props used to take part in an elementary school-level forensics investigation. It was rather insightful and would be the perfect introduction for a kid interested in forensics. All that being said, its a very quick experience. You could be in and out of here in less than 30 minutes. Which made me all the more glad that I had a free admission ticket as admission is $31.50 at face. Ouch. Oh and you dont get anything for cracking your case except having your photo taken (which you have to pay for anyway) and an invitation to their website. Classy.The Final VerdictPros:Nice way to kill 30 minutes. Great for those interested in forensicsInteractive and educationalCons:Pricey admission at face. Practically a rip off I'd say.Only lasts for about 30 minutes.Return factor. 5/10. Only worth it if I have another free admission coupon.
1	This was a mindless exercise that did absolutely nothing to challenge us or spark our interest. We went through the motions of mouse-clicking on various computer screens, sitting back as the software basically fed us the answers.  There was absolutely no thinking or sleuthing required or even allowed on our part.  A complete waste of our time and money.  Wish we could have the time back so we could visit one of the other attractions we missed out on, because any one of them almost certainly would have been better than this.
