5	I poked my eye yesterday with a branch and had a horrible experience at Costco in that they would not attend to me on an emergency basis because I had not scheduled an appointment. I was in serious pain and Dr. Chang was very professional and helpful and took care of my pain, bandaging my eye and giving me antibiotics. I also had a follow up today and they were very helpful. Definitely good after my horrible experience elsewhere.
1	I have had the worst customer service experience in this store too many times to not sign up for YELP and warn others. The optometrist is nice but the staff up front have absolutely no customer service skills whatsoever. The first time I went into the store to pick up something that was previously paid for, they did not acknowledge me for 48 minutes. (Yes I times it!) When they finally asked me if they could help I was very irritated. I had to wait becuase my son really needed to see. I talked with the cashier about how they need to let customers walking in know that they will be with them as soon as possible as three customers after me had walked in and ended up leaving because nobdy acknowledged the fact they were even there. The woman just gave me a dirty look and rang me up and did not say thank you at all or apologize for the bad service. The next contact refill, I figured maybe they were just having a bad day so next time it will be better. It was worse! We waited 52 minutes before someone rang us up and once again the staff was unfriendly. They lost about a $1000 per year account with us.
5	Went in to get an exam. Location looks great and Dr. Chang was awesome.  Went back to order some glasses and Megan was great. I've never had to get classes so I didn't know what to do but she was very helpful and took the time to answer my dumb questions. I will absolutely recommend this location to my friends.
1	Extreme poor and rude service.  Nobody greeted me when I entered.  I shopped for about 10 minutes trying different glasses.  Other people came in after me to pick up glasses.  They were greeted with a fake voice about 10 octaves higher than normal.  Apparently you only receiver service after the sale.  I left and not even a goodbye was uttered.
