4	Discount ftw!  Easily 4.5 * (not 5 since they don't seem to wheel and deal on the price as much as they used to)A couple weeks after getting a flat on a remote trail, I get another flat on a forest road out somewhere between Strawberry and Camp Verde.  Luckily, my trusty crappy spare was still working, so on it went and off I went.  A mile or two out, still deep in the forest with no cell coverage, a two inch rock shaped like a fucking triangular arrowhead gashed its way into my spare which then hissed itself to death.Me, my 13 yo girl [edited from  "a 13 yo girl" so as not to sound so creepy!], and two dogs then set out on a moonlit, muddy footed, half hour journey back to the spot where everyone else was camping for the night.  We stayed until morning, and with everyone's generosity (campers rule!) ate a hearty breakfast and had a loaned spare tire installed with plenty of help (can I Yelp these guys? Five stars!) Home now, and I've gone shopping for tires at Pep Boy's (old dude gave crappy cust service - i know you don't only have one tire for me to choose from), Wal Mart (charges extra for everything if you have TPMS), and Firestone (decent price with buy 3, get 1 'free', but warranty can't compare to Discount).Back to Dicount I go, again, as I knew I probably would.  I'm a loyal customer for over a decade now.Friendly, helpful, intelligent customer service.  Took the time to explain why their warranty is so different and so much better than the standard or even the extra warranty you can purchase elsewhere.  These guys give free repairs, whether you bought the tire there or not, using the philosophy that it's free for customers, and you're a customer that just hasn't bought tires, yet, but you will be back when you do need them.  Shitchyeah!  That's practically Miracle on 34th Street, right there.
4	I'm tough but this morning I was sooo mad I wanted to cry! Here is the deal  3 years ago I bought tires at this location the tires came with a 60,000 mile warrenty.    Even though 3 years have passed I only put 30,000 on the tires and the tread is GONE!  I go in to get the Yoko's rotated and was told I need a new set.   OK, well they explained that yoko no longer gives a warrenty in AZ and I should get Michalen tires because they were the best for my car.  Plus I have a $250 credit since they didn't last 60,000 miles!  I didn't believe it of course.  I go online to discount tire website and buy conti tires same price rating 3 times better.... seriously??   Tire were to be delivered 7 days later.  Well on delivery day I get a call, your tires are on backorder do you still want them, it's another 7 day wait.  ahhhh yes thats why I ordered them.    Install day is here, I go to get my tires which are $753 with no discount .   I'm thinking who cares that like $503 with my credit right.  HA, well suddenly I am down to a $120 credit!   I was sooooooo pissed  and  well honestly had enough!  Then I met my heros Justin and Paul looks like whoever sold me the tires wrote down 40K for the warrenty instead of 60K  my disount was really $200.  Yeaaaaa now I have the best rated tires for my car and I could actually afford them!  Thank you Justin and Paul!
4	Honest, good group of people.  They don't try to sell you tires every time you come in.  They have fixed my tires twice, rotated twice and have not charged me.  Chad was very helpful and pleasant.  This is the best Discount Tire in the area.  4.5 only because they didn't tighten my hub cover the last time I was there and almost lost it.
5	Discount Tire has always been a loyal business in my book. All of their stores are very clean for servicing vehicles. Employees are all friendly and genuinely enjoy their job. I have gone several times for leaky tires, and it ends up that there were nails in the tires. Both times I was out within 30 minutes without a charge. I could sure get used to this kind of customer service.
5	Me looks at my tire tread and finds that it's looking very low.Me notices $50 off 4 tires Black Friday weekend discount online for Discount Tires.Me drives to Discount Tire and asks them to look at my tire tread & wear since I think they're about ready for replacement.Discount Tire guy finds 3 of the 4 tires ready for replacement.Me shows the Discount Tire guy that the tires didn't last their full 50,000 miles as guaranteed by the tire warranty.Discount tire guy says no problem and gives me a credit of $14 per tire.Me mentions that I saw the Discount Tire $50 off 4 tires discount online.Discount Tire guy says no problem and gives me the discount.Me leaves with 4 new Yokohama 80,000 mile warranty tires for around $360 out the door.Very happy with Discount Tire, my only complaint might be that their installation/disposal fees, etc are a tad bit higher than say Costco. Other than that, wonderful experience. I'd recommend them.
5	Amazingly friendly & professional service.  Love the free patch jobs if you get a nail in your tire.  I know where I'll go when it's time for new tires for sure!
5	Jerry and his staff are great!
5	Discount Tire is built on a philosophy that many businesses should follow.  They are eager to help, their employees are kind, knowledgable and respectable.  They take care of you, the customer.  They aren't looking to make a buck, they are looking for loyal customers.  Need a hole patched on your, tire- NO cost.  Why?  Because when it's time for a new tire (which will be sometime in the near future), guess who you are going back to?  The place that helped you out previously.Discount Tire, your place smells like rubber tires and gives me a headache, but I don't care... you take good care of your people and that is what matters most!
5	Just had my tires rotated. I purchased these tires within the last six months. I showed up an hour after they closed but the bay door was open and a few staff members where finishing up some work. We were greeted right away and were told they could rotate our tires in just a few minutes. Staff were very friendly, did an excellent job, and extremely accommodating considering that we were there one hour after close. Highly recommend this place :-)
4	Wonderful staff! Always friendly and knowledgeable about everything tires!
5	My family and I have been a customer for a few decades now, and I never buy tires elsewhere.Sometimes I buy new, sometimes used.I had purchased new Yokohama tires and had a great experience. 2 tires wore out before the other 2, so I replaced them with used tires because of my budget. Unfortunately, after just a few weeks, I drove over a screw. It was night time so I limped my car to north Phoenix all the way from Tempe. The next morning I went to a different discount tire location and did not exactly have a great experience. I was required to purchase another used tire since my tire wasn't eligible for repair. In the past, (2 other times in a span of 10 years), I had been given another used tire at no cost. Whatever, this wasn't the case today and I just needed to get to work! My HUGE ISSUE was that the tire I had to buy was a 17. I have 16's on my car! I was bluntly told that I was "out of options", and may I add, the guy first offered me a brand new tire at $210 to replace the used one, which I clearly wasn't looking for!Fast forward to today, Monday Sept 16. I had driven with the big tire a couple days, and I knew it was going to cost me more in the long run if I didn't get the right size tire.So I come to this location, and Patrick the manager has gone above and beyond to restore my faith and love in Discount Tire. He basically bought back my used tire that doesn't fit right, and is replacing it with a better tire, at no additional charge to me.I would recommend this location especially, to anyone who needs tires! I've had other positive experiences here, but today really took the cake. Anyone who relies on their car knows how stressful it can be when something isn't right. Patrick and his crew definitely understand customer needs and practice their high customer service standards.Thank you Discount Tire!! I'll be back soon!!
2	I never thought the day would roll around when I would give Discount Tire a negative review. I have always loved this company, they've never done me or my family wrong until now. Not long after getting my last tire rotation my bf commented that I needed to get my tires rotated, I tried telling him I just got them done but the tires told a different story. Then my dad noticed that my tires need to be rotated ASAP. So I stopped in Wednesday night to get them done. The guy walked out to my car to take a look and suggested it has been at least 11,000 miles, if not more since I've gotten them done, if ever. So, when we got to the computer and he looked up my information he noticed I had just gotten them done less than 5,000 miles ago. I  asked him to explain how it's possible there's more than a 3 mm difference between the front and the back if I had them rotated so recently. He tried blaming the weight of the vehicle and my driving habits, but we both know that wasn't the case. The bottom line is they DID NOT actually rotate my tires. I took my car to a different Discount Tire location the following morning in addition to another "unnamed" tire store to get their opinion, based on their comments. They all agreed something wasn't right, there is NO way my tires would have looked like that if they were just rotated. Also, if you're going to complain about the customers after they call in with questions, do it quietly so other customers can't hear you. I know you think you're whispering, but you're not.
4	There is no place I will go by choice other than this location. They are so friendly and nice.  Such a great company and awesome employees.
5	This is one of the best discount tires. Live in Yuma and stay on the other side of Phoenix and still drive across town and the state to come here. I always seen to get helped by Patrick the manager and he's extremely helpful. My names Patrick also so it's nice talking to someone that's the same name. Were limited.
4	After having the worst experience imaginable at another location, I took my car, problems and frustrations to Pat at the 4th St and Bell location. Not only did Pat order me a new tire due to a defective one, but he had my rims re coated after the other location decided to use a screw driver on them! The only reason I'm giving less than a 5 Star review is because of the hassle of the entire ordeal. Pat is a great guy and takes pride in the way he treats his employees and customers!
5	Exceptional experience at this discount tire. Patrick was excellent and extremely helpful and knowledgable. I've had some mediocre experiences at other discount tire stores but each experience here has been top notch. Everyone has been in a good mood and you can tell they enjoy being there. Thanks for all of your help!
5	Exceptional customer service! I would give them 6 stars if I could. In and out of the place in under an hour, with a free fixed tire. I will go here for my next set of tires no matter what. Thank you so much!
5	Super friendly, didn't try to hose me on a new tire, fixed my flat FOR FREE. Didn't even require me to have purchased the tire there that was fixed. Also professional. And any other word choice that would give you the assumption I will be going back there for anything I need. They should put a customer service training on for Midway Chevy! Ok bye love you.
5	I needed one tire, badly. This location always saves the day for me. I called around looking for a used tire in my cars size and had no such luck elsewhere. I spoke to Richard, the assistant manager and he found me a used Yokohama in excellent used condition and gave me a great price. I always feel like I am treated fairly here and it's never a long wait. I stop by often to get my free air check also.Fyi, they moved the bay for free air checks at this location. If you pull up, it was previously on the last bay on the right side (north). Now there's a driveway on the left side for easier exiting.
3	I set up an appointment time for 3:45 so I wouldn't have to wait for my vehicle to go through the line, I called hours in advance and when I got there they were very nice and customer service was up to par but I had to wait 1 hour before they even took a look at my vehicle not to mention another 45 minutes to complete the task. I would have had a better experience if they started service on my vehicle shortly after my appointment time, I am in the service industry and have appointments so I understand that a little late can happen but 2 hours, come on give me a flippin break
