4	My boyfriend and I took the plunge... and got a hamster together.Vic Mackie, as we named him, hailed from this store. Such a tiny little soldier, we picked him from his home filled with so many other hamsters. A nice member of stuff took as around the store pointing out things we needed. Who knew a hamster needed so much crap? Clearly it's all a big sales pitch, because if you don't go along with it and buy everything she tells you to then you look like a cruel potential pet owner. The store is pretty big selling just about anything you need for your pet and more. It gets a little extreme in some cases, like how many different types of dog biscuits can it be? I like to look at the animals (rabbits, hamsters, mice and guinea pigs). There is a special section at the back for the eh... special animals which you can ''adopt''. I have never quite understood why they need their own section but I always feel sorry for them.
3	I thought the best place to go to stock up on the essentials for the new addition would be a big store. Whilst I can't fault the helpfulness/knowledge of the staff & the range/selection of stuff on offer, the essentials are very expensive here. Kitten food is 30% more than the supermarket, that's not even with an offer on in the supermarket & cat litter is also cheaper in most of the big supermarkets.Good selection of brands & choice but needs to be more competitive on price to keep my custom.
4	Pets at Home; a supermarket, aimed at the little furry monster in your life. For us, we adopted a zesty little Hamster, once known as Snowy, now known as Pelton. As he pressed his tiny little paw against the glass of an ever so cramped cage, under lights Guantanamo would be proud of, I knew our fates were sealed. He's been with us for about 3 weeks, lives in a 3 storey cage built for rats (we like to think of it as a Hamster Mansion) and has more toys than you could shake a stick at. Said stick would probably garner more attention. I'd take home more if I would, but young Pelton is the first pet I've owned, ever, so I'm taking things slowly. It's very easy with pets to get carried away, and Pets At Home does take you down that ever so easy rabbit (heh) hole - little munchies, toys, games, bedding (oh so much bedding... and types...!). The simple answer is - it has the benefit of being a pet supermarket, so everything you think you need and more (a thumb groomer? Well of course...not), and especially for those first heady days of young love, you will practically live there. Later, there is every chance you will find other options, elsewhere, but it is a relatively affordable start. Adoption, by the way, thoroughly worthwhile. It near broke my heart to see so many returned pets living in small conditions - and only yours for a donation of your choosing (with a minimum price per animal). That, or another pet in store, or elsewhere, you can't go too wrong here.
