2	This is the closest theater to my house so I keep returning against my better judgement.  The staff is always friendly and it is never super busy, but probably 75% of the movies I have seen here have had some sort of problem.  Either bad video quality or missing audio, or mild to extremely annoyong sync issues.  I have been refunded for the bad showings, but it keeps happening.  Green Valley Ranch is just a little further away and worlds nicer and issue free.
3	I saw Transformers: Dark of the Moon the day it came out. We took a day off from going to the lake that day and after having way too much to drink, I figured I would sober up while watching the movie. The previous film in the series gave me a horrible taste in my mouth and I really didn't want to give the new film a chance, but when drunk, you're more likely to do things you wouldn't normally do.So the movie wasn't that bad in the end.I wanted to go see a movie on Tuesday, but ended up playing Bingo that night and missed the $5 showings. That's an awesome deal. However I usually get $6 matinee showings at my local AMC, so this is only slightly better, but that's because it's all day long. The theater I was in was big. I wonder if they are that large. It's a pretty decent movie theater. I only wish I could take my alcohol into the theater like I could everywhere else in the Hotel/Casino.
3	Pretty much your run of the mill Regal Cinema tucked away into a Station Casino. These theaters don't differ too much from each other so really going to the one closest to you is always the best bet. I just so happened to be in the Henderson area with my friend and we caught Cowboys and Aliens here.Of course all Regal Cinemas are doing the $5 movies on Tuesdays for the Summer. I've tried to catch as many flicks as possible under that current promo. The theater was clean, there was no problem with the movie, and the staff was decent. Typically you always get the teenagers and the older people doing the ticket taking, etc. at movie theaters anyway. I think I'd rather go to GVR theaters in the Henderson area though. This one is small and doesn't really give you that whole "Ooo we're going to the movies!" vibe.
4	Pros: Clean, not particularly high occupancy, a reasonable amount of theaters, and hallelujah they have DIVIDERS IN THE MEN'S ROOM.Cons: Stinky/Smoky aging Fiesta Station surrounds this place. It's not Ghetto, it's just deeply in need of an acid bath to remove the nicotine residue. Also where the Rave theatre provides popcorn seasonings free, this place makes you pay for a tiny bottle for your popcorn. Whisky Tango Foxtrot.
4	We live close to this theater, so we've been here, oh, maybe five or six times.  Even when we've been here to see very popular new releases (Harry Potter comes to mind... opening night at that), it's not that crowded.  Although Rave is my favorite theater in town, this one seems to have an older and more considerate clientele.  The missing star is for the popcorn.  Seriously, it's super stale and crusty.
4	Love the theater.
2	I could not believe that my wife was ask to open her purse.  They said the reason was because of the shooting in Colorado.  The guy there brought his weapons in through an exit door not in a purse.  It looks like I will be using Red Box more and skipping the worthless searches.  I guess all the Regal  theaters are doing this but cannot verify it.  The staff said it was company policy.  What is next our churches, Malls, ....
4	This theater is very clean and the seats seem rather new as well. There's a Starbucks right next door and they allow you to bring that in the theater with you.
4	Ready to see OZ with wife and son.Update:  Movie was fantastic.I like this theatre, it's way better than the Henderson Sticky shoe which is also called Henderson Cinedome 12.  It's fairly new still, always looks neat and clean for the most part and it's convenient and easy to get too.  Of course, like all movie theatres the food/beverage prices are absolutely crazy.
4	Although I'm not a particularly huge fan of the Fiesta itself, I like Regal theaters and this one is really nice. Mostly clean, not too busy theaters, and quick moving ticket lines. However, the staff at the concession stand tend to "take their time" - they are not unpleasant, but make you don't don't mind missing the previews if you want that popcorn.
3	Of the three Regals in Henderson, this is the lesser of the available options, but it gets the job done on $6 movie Tuesdays.Built into a casino, like most other movie theaters in town, there's really nothing special or extraordinary about this location. The hotel is one of the older ones, so walking through to the theater guarantees the aroma of cigarettes on your clothes after you leave. The theater itself is clean, the employees friendly and the bathrooms had paper towels, which is more can I can say for GVR.Overall, it's a decent option for a cheap movie.
4	Out of all the Regal Cinemas in Station Casinos, this one is our "usual" because it's right by our house. You can easily park in the parking garage, take the elevators down to the lobby, make a quick pass by the food court on the left and you're there. You don't have to pass by many chain smoking grandmas to get to the theater and every time we go, we leave relatively smoke-free. If you don't have one already, the first thing you need to do is sign up for the "Regal Crown Club" card. It's good at all Regal Cinemas, United Artist & Edwards Theatres. I travel to Cali frequently and can use it at their movie theater locations as well! The gist of it you ask? Swipe it every time you are purchasing tickets or food at the concession stand and you earn points. You can earn enough points to get free movies, a free small soda, free small popcorns and more. If you're saying, well geez....a small popcorn isn't big enough for me. Don't fret my friends, you can upgrade to a medium for $.50 or a large for just a buck. Same goes with sodas too so don't get your britches in a bunch :) I can't even count the number of free goodies I have gotten from this card. Ok, moving on....If there is a line at the box office you can use their electronic box office machines to purchase your tickets. There's one on each side of the box office. You'll just need your debit/credit card and yes, you can still swipe your rewards card so you don't miss out on those points. This is a great, quick option (cause who likes long lines, right?). The lobby, bathrooms and theaters are always clean - no complaints there. I am happy to report there's no weird radioactive goo found on my shoes and this theatre always has the hottest movies that are out!There's a cool little room to the left of the theatres where you can host a kids birthday party. It's a decent size, it's all decorated and the walls are painted with cute confetti. This is where my daughter has proclaimed her next party to be held. Hopefully there's a children's movie out around the time of her birthday and we'll be good to go.Oooh oooh, my last tip -  make sure y'all come for $6 Tuesdays. Every Tuesday, ALL day long, enjoy any movie for just $6 and popcorn for only $2. What a smokin' deal.I just wish this place had a Kids Quest and I'd be happier than a pig in...well, you get the idea :)
4	This 4 star review is mostly for the location of the Regal Cinemas in the Fiesta Henderson.  It's located near the exit to both the parking lot and the garage.  It's also right next to the food court.  So, you don't have to walk through a smoky casino to get to the movie theatre, which is fantastic.  I will say the theatres are typically clean and the seats comfortable.  This location is preferred for us over Boulder Station's Regal.
5	My favorite theater. It's very clean and rarely overcrowded. I like the concession...good variety. The staff is friendly and helpful.
3	I'm a movie lover and since I go to the movies an average of 5 times per week (and I'm a regular and the Duchess at so many theaters in town), I figured I needed to get my butt in gear and write some reviews for them all! This theater is part of the Regal Cinemas chain, one of my favorites because they offer a free frequent customer card. I have earned so many free popcorn, free soda and free movie ticket coupons that it truly does pay to go here!This theater is in the not-so-great Fiesta casino in a not-so-great part of town. The theater itself is located really close to the parking garage and elevators so you can avoid that long, stinky, smoke-filled walk to see a movie. From the garage, the elevator will spit you out right at the video game arcade, food court and movie theater. A huge plus if you are sensitive to smoke or if you have kids in tow. The garage is gigantic so there's never a parking issue either.The auditoriums are nice and have comfortable, reclining seats and they are huge (which means you can usually have your space and strategically sit away from the rude talkers). The theater only has restrooms right at the main lobby entrance which can mean a long walk (or run!) if you have to go during the movie and don't want to miss the action. I wouldn't recommend the snack bar, especially for popcorn. It is never good here and has always been stale and cold. Maybe they just don't know how to pop good popcorn? I've also noticed their health department rating fluctuates between an A and a B. I always worry when I see those B grades, especially at a snack bar. Bonus points because they have Coke Zero at their soda fountain.
3	This theater is pretty standard for Regal.  Employees are nice, snacks are fresh, and the theaters themselves are pretty clean. One of my standby theaters.  :)
3	Normally, I don't go this far out of my way to see a movie, but they were the only theater in town playing the movie I wanted to see in Real 3D at the time I wanted to see it.  The theater was clean and the seats were the usual Regal comfortable recliners.
4	Movie Time!I visited this movie theater for a matinee show. The theater was clean and the temperature was perfect.   It has stadium style seating which is common with most movie theaters now a days.  The seats were comfy with plenty of leg room for anyone needing to walk past my seat.  I didn't visit the concession stand so I can't review that portion of their service.  The lady in the ticket window was ok.  There seemed to be a few issues with simple transactions of purchasing tickets but nothing too major.  She may have been new so I gave her the benefit of the doubt.  Otherwise this theater is fine for any movie goer.  I haven't been here for evening shows yet but during the day was pretty empty.  That is just fine with me!  Enjoy the show!
5	This is one of my top three movie theatres in Las Vegas. I love this place! It is newish, clean, and usually empty except for the weekends. The sound and picture quality is what you'd expect from a Regal. It has stadium seats but the theatres aren't as big as other Regal theatres. There is only one concession stand but it's never crowded. Go on $6 Tuesday, unless it's a blockbuster, the theatre will only have a handful of people. There's also $2 popcorn coupons and $1 extra to upsize your drink. Regular concession stand prices are high, the norm for all Regals.
3	small movie theater with limited movies to choose from, little selection as far as entertainment and dining.  Sometimes you don't get the warm customer service that you deserve.  It isn't walking distance away from shopping centers unlike it sisters in Green Valley Ranch and Sunset Station.
4	This is and has always been our first choice for movie night and it hasn't disappointed us. It's always clean inside and has great customer service. If I had to say anything is sometimes it may not have the particular movie that night but that's not a biggie and of course...paying a car note at the concession stand (lol) but that's everywhere, right?
