3	Looking for a nice place for a drink or two on a weekday night?  Could do a lot worse than Paul's Club.  Tasty drinks (great Old Fashioned's) and a fake tree define Paul's Club.  Also a good jukebox and comfy chairs.  Stay away on Friday and Saturday nights though; too crowded.
4	I went to Paul's Club when I was 19 - this is the only bar in Madison that rejected my fake, which basically means its one of the best bars in Madison for those of us closer to 30 than to 20.
3	Paul's only get's three stars for now. I'll have to go back to Madison  to see if it earns back the other two. It gets the first star for the tree. I mean, sweet Jesus, there's a tree in the bar, how cool is that? It gets a second star for great couches and leather chairs. It gets a third star for their Old Fashioneds, easily the best I've ever tasted. But they get docked two stars for the crowdedness and that asshole bartender that gets all pissy when more than one person orders a drink and then ignores you the rest of the night...
5	My first experience at Paul's left such a positive impression that to this day, Paul's remains my number one Madison bar.I'm not sure what the present situation is, but throughout my undergraduate career Paul's (along with Brothers) was one of those places where you do not *dare* try to get in to unless you are 21.  So imagine the utter happiness I felt when on a random Tuesday night, 19-year-old-Leslie was allowed in, no hassel, where I proceeded to live it up Paul's style drinking rail gin and tonics and talking liberal-banter for several hours with two good friends whom I hadn't seen since a volunteer trip the Mexico the year before.  Let me put this out there: Paul's is busy over the weekend.  Worse, over the summer, the weekend crowd is surprisingly similar to that of Brat's (how that happened, I have no idea).  It smells kind of weird because the floor is carpeted.  With that out of the way, Sunday-Thursday Paul's Club is the place to be to chill with friends and grab a drink, either to start out or end the night.  It's the kind of place where you'll bump into someone totally random whom you really like but don't get around to seeing very often.  And it has a tree that's always lit with white lights.
3	I agree with Michael. This is really just your run-o-the-mill college bar, except for the fact that it has a humongous fake tree whose limbs branch out and dominate the entire place.  It makes for an unusual setting. Not much else is really outstanding about this joint.
3	It could be so much more...since the old owner died (probably 5-8 years ago), the flavor's a bit gone...his showpiece was to sing New York, New York periodically throughout the night.  That made it worthwhile.  Now, its pretty much a rabidly crowded place with seating that makes it difficult or impossible to really talk much with your friends.  The tree is great, albeit fake since the original burned several years ago, but now you have so much to talk about with your out-of-town friends when you bring them here!
4	Compared to week nights vs weekends Paul's Club almost seems like two different bars.  The week nights Paul's Club presents itself as a nice quieter bar for drinks and conversation.  On the weekends, especially later in the evening (i.e. after 10pm) Paul's Club tends to be a nice bar but chances for a conversation are hit or miss, as it gets very crowded and very loud.  Reasons to go anyways: perhaps you'll get a seat and the beer selection is wonderful. Also they tend to mix some strong effing drinks, and obnoxious frat dudes are sparse.  Paul's Club always has this unusual smell, it smells like a swimming pool. My vote is that it is some chemical to sanitize their carpets. (Yes, a carpeted bar.. eeh)  However if you find yourself bored at Paul's Club you and your drinking buddies can speculate what exactly that smell is.  Also if you are a beer person, Paul's Club is one of the few bars in Madison that serves snake bites, which is a lovely pint glass with 1/2 Guinness and 1/2 Hard Cider.  It's quite tasty
5	Paul's Club is a bar that would do great in any city with a vibe.  Madison should be proud of this one.I haven't found a jukebox of its equal anywhere in the world.  They have great beers on tap.  They have terrific barware ... big buckets of heavy glass with a great feel to them when their filled with your favorite booze and mixer.Maybe the place is a bit crowded on the weekends, but as the whiskey kicks in and A Tribe Called Quest comes on the jukebox followed by the Strokes or The Stones this bar feels like the greatest place in the world.
4	I am an out-of-towner, just in Madison for a wedding so we did State Street bar hopping to get the feel for the school and the city.  Paul's was full of college kids and was a little too packed for my old-lady likings when we first got there.With patience though, seats opened up quickly and we had an entire couch area to ourselves.  Drinks were reasonably priced (I'm from Seattle so everything in Madison was practically free in my opinion) and the decor was really cool.  The tree is awesome.  I would go here again, if we weren't so drunk the night of the wedding I'm sure we would have returned..hahaha!!
5	Probably my favorite bar I visited during my trip to Madison.  How can you not love a tree in the middle of a bar astrewn with Christmas lights?  Right there, it's five stars.  But on top of that the bartendars were the BEST.  Seriously, the bartendar was always one step ahead of me -- was already mixing up the second drink before I put my hand up for another & constantly refilling my water glass before I even needed to ask.  I wish I could transport this place to LA.
4	We definitely need this bar back home! I don't think it gets much cooler than a giant tree with its branches blanketing the entire bar.Decent tap and bottle selection. Only a few interesting beers, but life's pretty good when the local standby is Wisconsin's own "Spotted Cow", a pretty good beer. The bar staff was friendly, and quite accommodating, but a bit disorganized.The couches were very comfortable, great for relaxing to the tunes from the jukebox or having a heated debate about the Middle East peace process. That one's up to you.
3	Strong drinks, great juke, and a mini-nature preserve--what a great combo!  Next time you are there ask a bartender for a peanut to bring out the trained squirrel they have living in the tree.
3	For a first few visits, I liked this place. I had my first encounter with Jageer-bomb experience (what a fine night it was), I have forgotten to reclaim my credit card here and had to come back with an embarrassing face on Sunday, I faked an accident and felt some random guy's ass .. you get the picture, this is not a very classy place. But good enough to have fun. Bartenders do make good drink. One exception is their orange jouce-vodka-redbull shot. It's supposed to be their house shot, but I'm begging you, do not try this. It tastes worse than cough medicine, and you'll regret about not getting Jager-bomb instead. The decor is that of the typical undergrad bar. Old looking carped and some couches and chairs. On the weekends, it tends to get very crowded with college kids. So if you are looking for a college aged kids hang-outs, this is one of them, and you might love the un-pretentious atmosphere. For me, I felt a need to move on after a while. I figured that the tree will never grow, but I'm growing older.
2	I don't understand the allure of Paul's Club.   Wow, couches!  Ooooo, it has a tree in the middle!  OMGWTFBBQ.  That's soooo awesome!  ....Not.  All that damn tree does is take up valuable bar space.  It's not bad if you get there early and can actually use one of the 20+/- seats in the place.  Otherwise, there's nowhere to stand, and you're A) constantly being knocked into by people who, understandably, want to get to the bar, and B) being stared and snarked at by the people sitting on the couches who are oh-so-much better than you.BUT, if you get there early, it's not too bad.  Strong drinks, reasonable prices, music's okay, bartenders are okay.... it's just the atmosphere that starts around 9pm.  Ick!
4	Being a little behind the learning curve in my typical Capricornian fashion, I didn't start college until I was 24.  Why is this important you ask?  Well most college students spend their 4/5 college years at Frat parties and "binge drinking" bars with stellar $1 bomb shots and booty shaking music.  Fine I confess I spent my fair share of time in those establishments as well...however, when I actually began attending the UW I spent more time at the upper end of State Street and Capital area bars.  More low key than bump and grind, the type of place's that offer quality over quantity and Paul's Club is one of my three favorite bars in the Downtown Madison Area.I still go there when I go home, it is small, narrow, dark, loungey, it can feel a bit cramped on a Friday or Saturday night in the fall, but on a weekday or even a summer weekend it is pretty comfortable.  They typically have a pretty good selection of music on the Juke Box.  The staff is friendly and attentive, the beer selection is amazing...okay well I have to disclose my lack of objectiveness.  I LOVE wheat beers...and there are a number of choices at Paul's Club.  It most definitely wouldn't be a review with out the mention of the Large Tree adorned with white Christmas lights that adds to the mystical magic of Paul's Club, it feels like you are drinking in a modern day version of A Midsummer Night's Dream...so grab a Delirium Tremens  and a seat at the bar under the tree and enjoy!
3	This place seemed to have good potential because it felt real chill, but the music came out from a jukebox with a pretty limited selection of music.  In addition to that music albums and tracks were not correctly marked so the wrong song would come on.  Our group did have a good opportunity to chit chat and talk with each other without having to talk over the music and crowds of people, but then again school wasn't in session and it was a Tuesday night.  Drinks were average priced, but surprising that there weren't really specials going on.  The bartender seemed a little off, not returning my credit card until I reminded him - and there's a sign posted for a penalty for not closing your tab, like a charge or a fee.
3	Paul's ClubThis is the bar of choice for aging hipsters and pseudo intellectual windbags. If you are not bearded, or wearing  skinny jeans, you should probably stay out of this joint unless you are trying to sleep with your TA for a better grade.On the upside, this bar has a giant tree in the middle of it. That alone is worth the novelty of stopping in for a cocktail.Haiku Time.Dude needs a shower.You do string theory research ?What the hell is that ?Talent Level: -273 Celcius. This is so cold that all talent ceases to vibrate with any hotness.
2	I have a lot better things to do than go into a bar that's big claim to fame is the fact that it has a big tree with a string of christmas lights on it.I've been in here once, and once was enough.  If you are actually sitting in one of the few places to sit, all that means is that you are such a huge lush that you got there at 6 o'clock.  So, you can wipe that smirky look off your face, drunko.
4	Good jukebox!Sometimes, the patrons are a little frat-ish / jelled hair types but good overall.
3	Paul's Club is my favorite bar on State Street.  It always has been since I first found it in my later college years.  Now it is my favorite by default.  I'm too old and tired to do the State Street thing all that often these days, but when I do it's invariably Paul's I gravitate toward.  The paradox I have with Paul's is this: it is an excellent bar to meet up with friends and have a nice conversation during the weekdays, but I'm rarely down on State during the week.  It's the weekend when I drag myself from Middleton, and it's the weekend when Paul's Club becomes standing room only.When you go on a weeknight the place is perfect.  The jukebox is consistently good, the mixed drinks are on the strong side but still well-made, and you can generally claim a couch.  During the weekends it really is a different bar.  Sometimes it isn't unpleasant but I've had a lot of experiences standing three deep at the bar just hoping to catch the bartender's eye.  This is not an enjoyable time, and after more than a few of these nights I've told myself that I would probably stop going.  But the memories are too strong, and invariably the next time I stop things go smoothly.  I've never had a problem with the bartenders but I've never tried to run a tab either.  My old college friend from Chicago did a few years back, and when he ended up drinking to oblivion and forgetting his card it turned into a bit of a fiasco.  But aside from that time we've usually made it a point to go there whenever he's back in town.  We each get a couple of Paulaners and reminisce about the good old times.  I remember back in my late college years Paul's was for some reason frequented by some members of the football team, and apparently my roommate knew Jim Sorgi, which led to a semi-awesome picture of me obviously annoying him.  Woo-hoo!
4	This place is fun! Who couldn't like a bar on the main drag in Madison that has a huge tree in the middle of it?  Beer list is ok, but the laid back vibe of the place makes up for it!
4	1 star for strong drinks.1 star for fun jukebox.1 star for Christmas lights1 star for the giant tree in the middle.
4	What the eff?  There's a tree inside! Great location, though I had to have passed by this place at least a dozen times before I realized it was a bar, and not, like, a place where a guy named Paul and his friends go to smoke and play poker.The bartenders are a little apathetic, at least this one guy, a total sourpuss, who was serving when a friend and I stopped by on a Friday during happy hour.  Like, we're giving you money!  We expect happiness during happy hour!  Etc.  Maybe he was tired.Came here again late-night one time with a group of people from work.  That's when Paul's Club goes from being a somewhat sketchy local joint to being a hoppin' bar.  Love the Christmas lights!
4	I like Paul's club.  I like the tree, I like the stiff drinks.  The beer selection leaves some to be desired.  Its best when you can get a seat, weekdays might be best in that regards.  None the less a good State Street joint.
4	Paul's Club is not for everyone but it has an environment I found very appealing.  It's atmosphere is inbetween a college bar and the middle-aged crowd, although you'll find some of both there depending on the night you go.  The bar reminds me a lot of the old lounge scenes you see in mafia movies or pool halls; older rimmed couches, dim lighting, talkative patrons, etc.  The music seems to vary based on the crowd too, as the jukebox usually controls it.  They have a nice selection of older hip-hop, rock, and folk, and drink prices are reasonable.  It's not a bar with a lot of frills, but if you're in the mood for something casual and conversational, Paul's Club is your place.  I would be remiss if I didn't mention the tree.  Paul's Club has a tree in the middle of the bar, nothing fancy but it adds a little classic flavor that makes the bar distinguishable from others.  A friend of mine climbed it once, but I don't recommend doing this as he was promptly kicked out :) .  If your going for the ideal atmosphere, I'd frequent it on a weekday night.  It's a nice Tuesday-Thursday bar to get over the hump of the week and catchup with old friends.  It tends to be too busy to find a seat on weekends, as is the case with a lot of state street bars.
1	I dislike Paul's Club quite a bit.  The service staff is beyond rude.  Their drinks are fairly cheap, but the service staff is working with their nose stuck up in the air.  A friend was there chilling with another friend just having some drinks, and then the bartender starts threatening to kick them out for looking at the crowd.  They were TOLD to face forward at the bar.  If I'm going to go to a bar to have a few drinks and people watch, what's it to the bartender?  I've also heard numerous stories about them screwing up the checks with overcharging and what not.  It's a pretty shoddy business.
4	the tree in the restaurant gives a good vibe.  Sometimes gets a little crowded, but i remember drinking pretty good bottled beer there.
5	I love this place!  It is one of my favorite places to go downtown.  I love the atmosphere and I love the bartenders!!!  They make a great drink and have a great selection of liquor and beer!  I always have a great time!!! Love, love, love it here!!!
4	Cheap, strong drinks and a tree in the center.Paul's gets sort of crazy on the weekend, but it's a good escape from the UW-scene (no offense) with the convenience of still being on State Street. The bouncers are usually pretty cool too.
4	I remember this place for it's strong drinks and because it reminds you of the kind of bedroom I dreamed about having as a kid . . . one that resembles a jungle. When you walk in the first thing you'll notice are the trees . . . in the bar. It's close enough to the UW campus to walk to but not filled with the obnoxious fake ID crowd so you can actually have decent conversations.
3	There's a giant tree in the middle of the bar. Nothing else is really memorable, other than the fact that this is one of the popular spots for employees of a certain healthcare IT company headquartered in Verona. When it's not overcrowded the atmosphere is pretty decent.
4	Very cool bar.  They do not serve food.
1	Besides Brats, Mondays, Brothers, Gritty and maybe maayyyybbbbeee the City there is no bar I cringe more hearing when suggested than Paul's Club. (yes Wando's over Paul's)Since when did the presence of indoor botany lull is into accepting the constant overcrowding, bottleneck seating design, overly loud music, selectively chummy bartenders and trifling higher prices.  Honestly, besides the tree there is really nothing cool about this bar.  You rarely can get a seat and movement between the beanstalk and the couches is irritatingly entrapping.  If by some miracle you go on a weekday and the place isn't swamped, it's tolerable and offers something a bit classier than a dive or a college intox-fest.....but almost always the coastie sorority girls and their male shadows just run this place.  I'm not even that offended by the coastie-presence as I live amongst it now but Paul's bartenders are just really chummy and the place isn't well laid out.  I guess I'm not in, so I'll happily be out.
4	Soooo... straight away, THERE IS A TREE IN HERE! I couldn't believe it. That is amazing, anywho... prices? Reasonable, atmostphere? kind of relaxing. They have really nice mood lights in there and the staff/bartenders are REALLY nice. It is kind of low key and you sort of have to be looking for the sign or just glaring to your right or left to see it. It is a tiny doorway with some shallow windows.
4	THE TREE IS NOT REAL...I REPEAT THE TREE IS NOT REAL!For the last three years I have been listening about the cool bar with the tree growing in the middle of it.  So this year I decided to go with them to see that tree...only to find out it was fake.  The sad part is that one of the guys is from Oregon and he should know trees...they hug trees there.  I tried to get the bartender to settle our dispute but he just stood there and smiled.  The smile seemed to lean towards plastic tree...dont get me wrong it looks cool and real but then when you realize the tree is growing out of the middle of a bar with a roof over the top it starts to get a little suspicious.Okay enough about the fake tree...Paul's Club is a cool little bar with great beer prices...I love Madison.  Such a cute downtown with out the crowds of a major city.  I will definately come back here for a few drinks in the future and relax under the shade of Paul's Big Fake Rubber Tree!!!
5	Best selection of beers in Madison!!
4	Any place known as the "tree club" I've gotta see, and the first thing I asked the bouncer at the door was whether or not the tree was real. Apparently, it is! It was cut down a few decades ago and then...I'm assuming, reconstructed? in the center of the club.  They also spray the leaves periodically with some sort of chemical to keep them green. Basically a mummified tree. COOOOL. Good enough for me. I'm not here for the tree.Pros:Full bar.  Good selection of ciders. Nice, fun crowd.Con: Awkwardly narrow and elongated bar/seating area - if you don't have a big enough group to fill up an entire table, you will be sharing it with another group. Be prepared for a night of awkward stares and unintentional eavesdropping.
3	It's in a new spot now, so it's not really the same Paul's Club.  And by that I mean there's no more sticky carpet, seating held together by duct tape, and mandatory vertical spooning of strangers due to space limitations.  Whatever, get me a beer.
5	"we fear change" http://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/2009/10/29/129013569047075449.jpgIn one of the few instances of my life, I ask you not to live vicariously through Garth Algar as it applies to the remodeled Paul's Club. I just stopped in for the first time, and let me tell you... in with the old, in with the new. I loved the vibe's Paul's club used to give; comfy/intimate/unique. The new setup offers the same ambiance, there's just more room. The effort that went into getting the tree in there can't be understated... (it's pretty darn cool). The bar still offers an amazing array of options (they have ouzo, which is pretty rare for a State St. joint not titled Nick's), and employ bartenders who (still) really know what they're doing. The guy who served me even knew how to make a Sazerac offhand... which is pretty cool. All in-all, I came in skeptical and walked out a self-reassured fan. It was like hearing a new album from a favorite band that didn't disappoint, while simultaneously eliciting the same nostalgia you felt the first time you listened. Party On, Paul's Club
4	Cool bar - changed from last year - after noticing us staring at the walls dumbfounded they had moved and flipped the bar around..that was good news we thought we both had lost it. Just a cool dark place for drinks.
2	From what I had heard, I thought this would be way more of a dive bar. Definitely not.  It had a nice feel and cute couches if you were lucky enough to get one.  However, the actual people who went there were a bit much.  If you have a bouncer, please escort the rowdy persons out.  I was sitting at the high top tables and a drunk patron kept running into me.  I ended up wearing half my drink.  The staff saw this and did nothing.  Overall the rest of my experience was ok.  I liked the tree.  It is just kind of an average, everyday bar with a great tree.  The bartenders were jerks.  Inattentive.  There was one with curly hair, she talked to me like I was an idiot.  From ordering to closing my tab, you would have thought I was speaking another language.  I doubt I will go back to Paul's.
3	Work on your bartending, boys: Don't scoop ice with a glass -- bad form, and potentially unsafe. And for heaven's sake, use a strainer when you make a martini. Chunks of unintentional ice floating in a straight-up martini is just bad. When all you have is drinks, you need exceptional bartenders and techniques. Right now, you don't.
2	Went on a Saturday night between 5 and 6.  The ambiance and seating are nice - the decor is very inviting.  The staff, not so much.  You would think they would have someone working the floor if you have so much seating but alas, no.  The bartenders, when flagged down, made adequate drinks.  I think if there was a change in the staff and they put staff on the floor it could be much better.
3	Laid back place (well, we were there for happy hour) with a good beer list. Some bartenders were especially nice, others just kinda talked to their friends at the bar. I'd come here again for happy hour!
5	Drove up to Madison from Chicago to see Skrillex on a Monday night. Had a few drinks before and after the show and the staff was amazing and so attentive. They had an incredible beer selection for really affordable prices. Thank god they were right next to the Orpheum to end an outstanding night! Thanks guys! Next time I'm in Madison, I will absolutely come back to the bar with a real live tree growing inside!
4	I don't know why people are so confused by the tree. It does not matter if it's real or fake (it's fake) but it's an interesting aspect of the bar!! The drinks are stiff and reasonably priced. Highly recommend their old fashioned (with woodford reserve, of course; it was one of the best old fashioneds id had ever!
5	It's not every day that you walk into a bar to be greeted by a large tree.  But there it is.  Real, fake, who the F cares? It's still a tree.  In a BAR.  It's ambience, people!  And this place has it in spades.  Good jukebox, awesome beer selection, prime digs.  WAY better than the previous Paul's.
3	I came. I saw. I touched the mummified tree. Then had a drunk college guy spill a drink all over me. I knew there was a reason I stayed away from State Street. The one redeeming quality to the place is the tap list: very solid.
4	CROWDED! This place is always crowded on the weekends (a good thing!) but the space is not conducive for huge crowds. I am always pushing my way down the center to find a place where I can hopefully weasel my way towards the bar to grab a drink. Regardless of this, I love coming here! It's a great place to meet friends and have a beer. I've been both on the weeknights and weekends. Boyfriend and I come here during the week to sit at the bar and grab a beer. It's a great place to hang out. They have fun, throwback music during the week, and it's oftentimes very easy to get some couch seating. During the weekend, I often come here to meet friends. If you're lucky, you can snag some couch seating, which is oh so fun! Reminds me of having bottle service in Vegas for some reason. It's very cozy and a great place to hang out, talk, and drink. I probably wouldn't end my night here. It's definitely the kind of place to start the night and then head up or down State. Good vibes here, too. Love the lighting-- not too dark, not too bright! And the tree-- adore the tree! It gives off such a unique, fun ambiance. Do not believe people who tell you it is real. It's not. ;)They also have a great tap list of beers I've never heard of, which I love. I am always down to try a new beer, so this is the place to do it. Bartenders are very knowledgable about the taps, so I generally will say that I like Beer X and get a recommendation off that.
4	Great place for drinks, cool atmosphere with the tree in the middle of the bar. Decent prices and a lot of beers on tap. Great place to sit around with friends in the comfy chairs and chat. I went on a Sunday night, so it wasn't very crowded or loud. I've heard that it gets pretty packed on Friday/Saturday nights and can sometimes have more of a club-like atmosphere.
4	Not the same as the old space, but still great. Best perk of the new space is expanded square footage means that you can imbibe more of your friends. Hits: friendly bartenders and diverse crowd. You will likely see a mix of yuppies, boomers, and fratties...oddly all getting along. Misses: no happy hour specialHints: grab a green couch by the jukebox. Great vantage point for people watching,  close to the bar, direct bathroom access, and  easier to control the music selection.
4	One of my favorite State Street bars. Usually crowded on weekends, but it's a great group of people (grad students, young professionals, undergrads, out of towners). Drinks were nothing remarkable, but everything in this place is better because of the giant tree.
1	One star because zero isn't an option. I ordered a beer I've had multiple times elsewhere. Beer came out and tasted off - it was clear the draft lines were dirty. I asked the waitress if they had other options in the same style and she offered to replace the beer. When she set down the beer I was told I "owed $5" and that her manager Jimmy was making her collect. Please don't offer to "replace" by selling me another beer... I went to speak to Jimmy the manager and was told he would call the police if I didn't pay $5. Paul's has the most unprofessional management I've ever witnessed and I will never return.
5	Randomly stopped in Madison on a cross country trip. I had been to Madison once before to visit a friend in college and I vaguely recall a beer and brat drunken haze. Now beyond our college years, my friend and I decided we wanted to treat ourselves to something nice so we headed for State street and walked around until something peaked our interest. We had been driving for 15 hours and were really hungry and in need of some good beverages. We came across Paul's and couldn't have asked for a better experience. It is a bit on the upscale side and we were pretty ragged looking, but that didn't seem to be a problem. Our waiter James was awesome and he was really funny and helpful with the menu. We had no idea what to expect and ended up ordering a few different plates as well as a couple cocktails. Everything was really good and the prices weren't bad either for the high quality of food you're getting. Would recommend this place to anyone heading towards Madison.
4	Walking into Paul's Club the first thing we saw was a guy checking IDs, who told us that as long as we didn't hug him, we were good to go. The second thing we saw was a giant tree lit up by white Christmas lights. If you squinted, you barely noticed that the branches were either glued or cemented in place.The bar ran the length of the establishment, and four or five bartenders bounced back and fourth between patrons, waiting for the inebriated to pass by so they could ask for stories. Chairs and tables lined the wall opposite of the bar, where groups of people collected to drink.The background music was subtle, and easily forgotten amidst the lively conversations taking place. Overall the bar was clean, with a moderate noise level. Bartenders were friendly and cheerful. Definitely a class above some of the other bars visited that night.I ordered a Malibu Bay Breeze, and they topped it off with a lime which was perfect as it added a brightness that the drink doesn't usually have, and the acidity popped against the tartness of the cranberry and sweetness of the pineapple.
5	Paul's Club has always been one of my favorite places to get a few drinks and mingle with some fun people. There is always a diverse clientele here, and a few of my most memorable nights in Madison included a stop at Paul's Club.The drinks are reasonably priced, and the bartenders are first rate. The place can be a bit tight due to the layout, but people here seem to be better at "thinking thin" and allowing you to slide past.Part of my love of the place is the tree. I feel like I am in Sherwood Forest or sitting around the campfire, which is a nice dichotomy being in downtown Madison.If you are claustrophobic or don't like crowded places, this is not your joint. Otherwise, give it a try.
3	I needed to grab a drink before I went in to see a band at the Orpheum and would have to spend 6 or 7 bucks on a PBR. I'm not unfamiliar with Madison, but I've never been anywhere on this block. I walked past it with a couple of friends (including one friend who has lived in town for the past couple years), and we decided to give it a try.The coolest thing about this bar is the tree. There's a huge tree in the middle of the bar with nice lights on it. It looks awesome and might even ensure I come back. Other than that, the bar is pretty dark and the rest of the decor doesn't really seem to mesh well. It kind of feels like a sports bar combined with a hipster hangout. Luckily, I am somewhat of a hipster and I am really into sports.Beer was a touch overpriced, but nothing too bad. They had a pretty great selection too. Mixed drinks were pretty cheap ($4.50 for a rum & coke), but not particularly strong. The place was pretty full for a Sunday evening (and no one was even watching the football game).The crowd was a little older than I was expecting. Everyone looked to be 30+. Maybe it was just the night I went, but I'm 22 and I felt like a baby. Beyond that, I don't know what it was about everyone, but it felt kinda awkward.Overall? Probably will return, especially to avoid spending my whole paycheck on drinks at the Orpheum.
