4	If you want the Vegas fun without the price tag, Keith Kaplan photography is the way to go.  KK is a fun, reliable and AFFORDABLE photographer in Vegas.  We used them for our wedding at Mandalay Bay.  Dale (Keith's business partner) drove us (bride & groom) to the Las Vegas sign before the wedding for some "first look" shots (there happened to be an Elvis impersonator there, so we got some great shots with him) before the wedding.  Then he drove us back to the wedding site and took a TON of pictures during the ceremony and reception and afterward he captured some lovely staged family photos.  We were excited about the candid shots that he got as well as the various (and creative)  points of view of the photos.  We opted for the "$395 for 3 hours" package and we got all of the shots we wanted (and then some).  Dale emailed us a link to the photos on Shutterfly and then he mailed us a CD with high res photos soon after (A WEEK AFTER THE WEDDING!).  Talk about a quick turn-around.  KK is highly recommended!
5	We really loved Keith! He did a great job, he was very professional, helpful and full of ideas. The pictures turned out really beautiful. My favorite part is that we have full rights to all of our wonderful pictures. I would highly recommend this service. It's well worth the money for beautiful memories!
5	Dale (Keith's Business Partner) did an AMAZING job for our Wedding Reception at Serendipity3!  He was there early getting the before the Reception shots of the cake, food, and tables.  During the recepiton he was ALWAYS in the right spot to catch not only the set up shots, but also the fun random pictures as well!  All of our guests LOVED his demeanor and humor!  He worked very hard and we got more than our money's worth.  He was open to all of our ideas for picture locations (inlcuding some on the Strip and our Honeymoon Suite, all clean).  Some of Dale's suggestions for pictures ended up being our favorite ones.  Their turnaround time to get us our pictures was fabulous as we had the electronic version (400 pics) within 48 hours and the CDs within 1 week!  We could not be happier with the work Dale did to capture the important pictures of our Wedding Reception.  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND KK'S Photography!  They are EXACTLY what we were looking for to capture our Wedding Reception Memories!
1	Would love to give no stars but obviously you can't.  Why, because he didn't show up to photograph and video our wedding.  After hiring him months before and feeling confident about it, i checked in weeks before the wedding and got "Don't worry, I'll be there".  Then with the wedding day upon me and he is supposed to be at the salon to shoot all the girls getting ready, nothing.  I of course called panicked and got voice mail.  A few hours later I received a call from an entirely different photographer who thank god was there to fill in for Keith, but still no videographer!   Thank heavens he turned out to be wonderful, I have reviewed him separately, or my wedding would have no professional pictures.
5	Keith made the whole experience fun! He showed up right on time and was quick to help in anyway he could. Neither my [now] husband or I were particularly looking forward to 3 hours of pictures, but he made the time fly and the process a lot of fun. Great service and value!
3	Our wedding was in March, I had hired Keith months earlier. He showed up on time and took lots of good pictures, but for some reason he had it mixed up that I wanted him and his partner Dale booked for the whole night when I just wanted Dale to do videography for the ceremony. Keith sprung it on me that Dale would shoot the rest of the reception because he felt bad that he had told him he would be working when he wasn't. When I told him that I had specifically booked him his response was Dale is great, a better photographer than himself... it annoyed me but obviously I didn't have time to argue with him. We got the pictures back and all of the ones Keith shot are pretty good, but our reception pictures from Dale aren't that great. It was very disappointing to not have the photographer we signed a contract with. I'm a pretty go with the flow person, so it didn't bother me to have so-so pictures but I can imagine other people being heart broken over this...
5	Keith is fabulous! Keith was very attentive and always returned calls/texts/emails promptly. He made plans with us and came and picked us up right on time. He was so knowledgeable and  took us so many beautiful places to take pictures along the strip. Throughout the three hours he would consistently check to be sure we liked the photos, angles, locations, etc. The pictures were flawlessly perfect and we got to keep all of them! He posted the pictures online in a timely manner and mailed us CDs of all the photos taken, as well. My husband said "it didn't even feel like we were taking pictures for 3 hours", which is a huge compliment on his end because my husband cannot stand to take 3 pictures at a time, never mind hundreds in 3 hours. We had so much fun and if you are planning on having photos taken in Las Vegas, Keith is your guy. You will not be disappointed! Thanks Keith for making our memories perfect and fun!
5	Keith was absolutley amazing! I feel like I should have paid so much more for what we received. He was very responsive to me prior to the wedding. Showed up early to my wedding and so nice! He took us to places in Vegas that had the most amazing shots. He has a eye for the romantic shot as well as the creative fun shots. I would use him a million more times and can definitely say I do not regret my photographer, he was one of the best experiences we had.
