5	I could not be more pleased with the awesome service and how we were treated. My husband's car was having issues and  we took it in to get it checked out.  We were presented with what needed repair and never felt like we were pressured to  have any unneccesary work done. We ended up going back for new tires. The staff was great, very professional and honest. I can't imagine taking our cars anywhere else.
1	My Ford Explorer was handling poorly. I stopped in to have them look at it and they upsold my to a once over of the vehicle for $15. Ok cool...take a look at it. They come back with the tires are shot and dangerous. Ok, And my two wheel hubs are bad. WHAT! I just had one replaced two weeks ago and the other one was replaced two months ago. Are you telling me both parts failed? I asked to see it. They showed me a rag full of grease to prove that the two hubs were bad. They pointed out to me that the outside of the hub looked brand new but the inside looked "100 years old" indicating they had failed.  Omg! Each hub is $150 just for the part not to mention what I paid for the install . And I had two of them installed within weeks of each other. They want to replace both hubs, replace ball joints, and check the rear end,  because they will almost 100% guarantee that it's what's causing the sway, so it'll need repair also. Damn. So I got the tires, an oil change and an alignment. Over $700 and told them I would be back for the other work since I had arrived there at 12:30 and it was now 6:00PM. I, of course went back to my mechanic to talk to them about the hubs they had put on that had failed and guess what...nothing's wrong with them. They are brand new and in perfect working condition. WTF?!  Caveat Emptor...buyer beware. ESPECIALLY if your female. NO BUENO! Just because I don't have a penis doesn't mean I'm an idiot.
1	Horrible service.  I would not recommend this location to anyone.
1	I called last week to schedule an appointment to have my brakes checked.  I was hearing a noise when accelerating that would eventually stop once I slowed down and came to a stop.  I was told that it did not sound like a brake problem and would need to have a $30 noise inspection done (this was also after I told them I had a coupon for the brakes). So scheduled the appointment for the next day, took it in and went to the Galleria Mall while the car was being checked.  A little over an hour later I received a call that my car was inspected and it was the right front wheel hub and bearings that needed to be replaced.  I was also told that I should really replace both the left and right front because they tend to go out.  Had him give me an estimate for both and just the one side that was an issue ($700 for both and $345 for one).  Did not schedule an appt because I wanted to get additional estimates.  Received a less expensive estimate at another mechanic only to find out, my wheel hub and bearings were just fine.  No issues.  The issue was my rear brakes - initially the reason I called Firestone..  Now I'm out $30 for a useless inspection that came up with incorrect information.  Maybe it was just the location I went to because I haven't had any issues at other locations including out of state.  Highly disappointed and will not ever return to this location or any other Firestone for that matter.
