5	When I was a spotty 15 year old and I first got my DJ decks, there were few things in the world that excited me more than a trip to Cockburn street. Even though the city itself has never really been seen as much of a place for banging clubs, this street was the best, bar none, in Scotland for picking up dance and hip hop vinyl.I'd regularly make a pilgrimage here with my pal Simmy, and the buzz I used to get from finding new, usually import dance tunes in Uberdisko, Fopp and Underground Solu'shun is something I still remember fondly, and a buzz that is unlikely to be repeated  now I'm well into my embittered 20s and reality has kicked in.For reasons too dull to go into, record shops are now a dying breed, and Underground Solu'shun is Cockburn Street's only survivor from my youth. They've moved with the times a bit and are now as much a DJ equipment shop as a record store, and I'm glad to say that when I've popped in recently, there's always still been a few customers kicking around.Champions of the less commercial end of dance music, it's the best place to buy such vinyl in the city, even if now by default.
4	Do you like vinyl?Do you like dance, hip hop and other club music you can't easily get on vinyl?Then this is the place for you. My friend who is into both of the above spends an age in here, and occasionally I tag along. Of course I would love to be cool one day and own vinyl, I am quite content at the moment leeching off this friend and his collection. This store seems to know it's stuff and updates its selection quite often- hence its connection with Hard to Find Records.
5	DubstepDrum 'n' bassJungleGrimeTechnoElectroIDMHouseFunk & SoulOne of Edinburgh's longest running record shops, Underground Solu'shn specialises in all forms of dance music. A firm favourite with local and visiting deejays, they stock a big selection of white labels, twelve inches and compilations imported from the U.S and Europe and have a number of listening posts. Handily, they also sell and rent turntables, mixers, speakers and headphones and stock deejay essentials like spare needles, cartridges and cool tee-shirts. To paraphrase an old floor filler: Everybody dance now!
4	Undergound Solu'shun is a record aficionados' wet dream. For a record shop in the 21st to have record-listening stations, well, that's pretty awesome and not that widespread.Underground Solu'shun specialises in hip hop and electronic music and as well as records they also have a variety of CDs. Located on the bottom of Cockburn Street, it can be quite easy to miss if you're walking by on a mission, but if you're not, take your time to stop by and have a browse, have a listen, sit on their sofa. Etc.
4	I am not cool enough to understand the depth of the stock they have in Underground Solu'shun, but what I do know is that they host some eclectic electro music, some jungle and some dub step. They also have the tunes of some more widely known mainstream bands remixed, carved into vinyl and slipped into a sleeve for your aural pleasure. If you want a more extensive overview of the vast variety of tunes they have on offer, visit their section on  http://www.discogs.com/They also sell CDs, magazines, books on music and mixing and the mixing decks themselves. The decks and recording equipment they have looks spanking new and high tech, although by using that phrase I sound like a granny who barely has a foot in this music scene. I dabble in it though and from knowing guys who enjoyed mixing their own house beats to enjoying a good foot stamper myself, it's a great shop to get your vinyl fix.
4	I remember being a bit intimidated by this shop in my early 20s as my tastes were still towards the more punk/metal/indie dynamic, but I was always awed by the sheer volume of vinyl and equipment on display. Now that my tastes have varied a bit and I've rediscovered my love of weirdy electronic and eclectic music, this place has become an expensive payday pilgrimage. The staff are knowledgable, friendly and there's always going to be something interesting playing when you go in...that you may end up buying afterwards.Their selection truly is vast, it can be a bit daunting for a newcomer. But dig in, you'll find what you're looking for...or what you didn't know you needed that soon becomes the most vital record you have in your collection.(They only lose a star for not having sections for punk and industrial, although that's probably just me being petty. Seriously, GO TO THIS SHOP IF YOU WANT MUSIC.)
