3	Khoury's Fine Wine & Spirits is a sweet little store located on Eastern just after Silverado Ranch heading South.  This store is tucked away across from Lowe's, but definitely worth seeking.  The store is currently running some good promotions on most of their wine stock.  Bottles that were $65 have be chopped in half, and there are specials on the regular $12-30 bottles as well.  The store offers a fine selection of hard to find brews that I haven't even seen at Lee's.
5	Khoury's is a fabulous neighborhood wine, beer, and spirits store where it feels like a friend's place.  They take the time to get to know you and make great suggestions.  I find the prices very competitive for tequila, vodka, and wine.  We can experiment with tequila, vodka, beer, and my favorite - wine!  Even more fun are the free wine tastings on Thursdays!  It's a great crowd and some great wines are poured.  If you're looking for a more intimate experience, this is the place.  Stems up!
5	I'm writing this review strictly from a beer perspective, in which Khoury's completely nails the market.  They have a wide selection of craft and obscure beers that exceeds that of any other in Las Vegas.  They are advocates for fine beer and the staff is very knowledgeable and often hand selects beer for customers based on their preferences - I've watched this in amazement many times.  For my money, they are the place to go to seek out great beer. If their dedication to craft beer continues, I feel that they will always be a few steps ahead of the competition on selection as the market grows over the next few years in Las Vegas.
5	Fab selection and nice atmosphere. Try Thursday nights for a little wine tasting and mingling with the other guests. You won't be diasappointed.
5	UPDATE: Beer tastings have been officially moved to Wednesday nights!!!It is nice to have somewhere to enjoy craft beer without having to listen to slot machines.I realize that this liquor store is mainly for wine.  I am sure that the wine selection is just off the hook.  However, I am a beer guy, and Khoury's also scores on craft beer.  I went on a Thursday when they have wine tasting from 6-8pm.  But guess what, they also sometimes have beer tastings on these days too. Khoury's carries three drafts on tap for peoples' enjoyment.  Today I tried the Dogfish head Raison D'Etre.  What an amazing, well balanced, slightly fruit tasting ale this was.  Not only that, but the beer guys shared an IPA from Alpine Beer Company that was amazingly smooth, but still high hops and piny.  This beer isn't normally available outside of California!Both the beer and wine selections are great.  You can find a number of great craft beers here that you can't find at Lees and Total, and the fact that the owner of Khoury's realizes that community events like tastings are a way to not only attract new customers but also broaden peoples' horizons, is completely impressive.  If you live in this area, you really have no reason to buy wine or beer anywhere else.
4	I miss Khoury's on Durango near Warm Springs. The people there were always so friendly and helpful. Well, the good news is that they're still around, serving the community down on South Eastern. The Durango location has been closed for quite a while and it took me a long time to finally visit their original spot. They have a weekly wine tasting on Thursdays from 6-8pm and a twitter photo was enough to finally get me out there.Terri K and I met up for a quick wine tasting session. The guy from South Africa was extremely friendly and took us on a nice journey through his wine lineup (a wineup perhaps?). He was so nice, I was compelled to purchase a bottle of Sauvignon Blanc. I also decided to pick up a 6-pack of Nectar IPA that looked intriguing. Like I said, the people there are always so helpful and friendly. They are never short on beer advice. They even have a couple of tables where you can pop open and enjoy your purchase right there. According to their web site, you can bring your own food. Not sure why I would ever do that, but it's good to know.Yes, it's a far drive for me, but now that I know exactly where the store is located, I will definitely try to stop by more often when I'm in the area. Admittedly, their prices aren't the best in town. But IMHO, that is more than compensated by their local business charm.
4	Sometimes a huge store isn't always better. This place is smallish but everything was stocked with thought. The BF has been trying to find all kinds of bourbon and had a talk with one of the staff about bourbons. They were kinda wiped out with that selection though . I was all about looking at the beers. I was happy to find a few I've never seen before and quite a bit that I know is hard to find imports like Harviestoun Old Dubh, and Birra Tenute Imper Ales. I came home with Mikkeller 1000 IBU and Brasserie Du Ciel Aphrodisiac. I love that there's taps and tables to hang out. The staff was really nice so definitely it's a comfortable place to take your time in, but the bar stools don't seem very comfortable...I like to drink and walk around anyways. I think it's awesome that they do take special orders on hard to find items.Unfortunately, we live across the universe from here. Once in a while we visit our friends in Henderson so I definitely want to make it a point to visit this place. Definitely the small business that deserves some support.
4	I felt intimidated at first because I know very little but the staff was super attentive as it should be w/ a little shop like this.  I assume the person who helped was the owner but didnt catch his name.  He was the darker featured guy.  He explained how he can get nearly any selection if its available in NV and was very classy in not discrediting any of the other Liquor stores in LV.  I can imagine they are big competition.I don't buy much alcohol but when I do it will be here or Lee's only because they have so many stores around town and I am always in a hurry sadly.Felt right at home here!!!
5	While the selection isn't anything compared to oh say Total Wine & More, this place totally rocks. They always have a nice selection of quality beers and wines. And what is most awesome is that they have an area with a bar and tables so you can enjoy your selections right there - and even share them with other patrons. Couple all of that with free wine and beer tastings and food trucks out front and you've got a neighborhood fav.
5	I was looking for another bar to drink some craft brews when this place popped up on my search.  I was lucky enough that it was Wednesday night and that's when they have their beer tastings.  My buddy and I headed over and were both very impressed!  I really think they've done a great thing by allowing people to open and drink the beers/wine that they purchased right there in the store.  I saw a fair amount of beers that I have never seen at Lee's or Total Wine and that got me very excited.  I am by no means a craft beer expert but the fellas that were drinking at this place seemed pretty serious.  To top it all off they had a food truck parked right outside.  I also read on their website that they will let you bring in your own food or order food to get delivered to the store while you sit and drink.  Pretty awesome if you ask me!
5	Now with a license to serve liquor!  I was bummed that Khoury's closed the Durango location but the ability to open up a bottle of wine or beer in the Eastern store and drink it more than makes up for it.They've been hosting food trucks on various nights, adding delicious food to the equation.  Or you can hit up any of the nearby restaurants including Panera and Zaba's.  They usually have two or three beers on tap that are always unique and their expertise in wine is unparalled.  Check them out!
5	Small but not small-minded, Khoury's is more than a "liquor store"... it is an experience and prime example of how things should be done.Knowledgeable, friendly staff will help you find whatever is you need. If you aren't sure what you need or want, tell them what you are trying to achieve and they can help you do that, too! Don't see it? Order it!Fancy a bottle of wine with friends, or a craft beer to battle the hot Vegas summer? Khoury's won't just help you stock your cabinet at home, it's also a place to taste, learn, and socialize. Buy a bottle, have a seat, and share - right there! Find something new at the tastings. Wednesday nights bring out the beer drinkers and aficionados, Thursday's are for the winos. Always something new and exciting with a great complement of food (enter the fabulous Vegas food trucks!). Not a beer or wine person? Ask the bartenders what's new in the spirits section - I have seen an impromptu tasting pop up, all in the name of education and information!Bonus points for their interaction with their customers, their customer service and media savvy... ...and their graciousness in holding onto purchased bottles left behind after too much fun at a tasting. ;-)
4	Khourys is a great, non-warehouse style store with a good selection, engaging staff and a fun group of both beer and wine-loving regulars who frequent the store around weekly free tastings.  This store works hard to offer a constantly changing wine-on-draught program as well as numerous lesser known, craft beers as well as diverse selections of wine and liquor.  With the addition of the ever popular food trucks rolling through during their wine or beer tastings, it's a great spot not only to shop, but sit and enjoy some tasty refreshments!
5	As a beer connoisseur, there is no other liquor store in town for me.  I may make the occasional visit to Aces or Total or Lee's or Whole Foods, but Khoury's is the hippest beer place in town.  This is the only place where you can sit down at a bar and enjoy a craft beer, either one from the tap or one from the fridge, and NOT have to listen to slot machines or blaring music.  That's right folks, this is a unique place.  This is a place with an intimate setting and fine beverages, and sometimes you don't even feel like you are in Vegas. I know, I know, it is blasphemous to the Vegas "scene" to be without slot machines or loud music, but it is the best scene in Vegas.  I've been coming to Khoury's for the past few months on most Wednesday nights when they have beer tastings.  I've purchased sour beers from Khoury's from breweries such as 3 Fonteinen and Contillon.  I've had Dogfish Head 120, Deschutes Black Butte XIII, barrel aged Black Hole from Mikkeller, funky Joly Pumpkin Farmhouse Ales, Maui IPA's.  The list goes on.  I've tasted many beers that just aren't available in Vegas, from Russian River sours to Great Divide barley wines.  This place, my Yelping friends, is the mecha for beer, the best beer in town.Khoury's also features great wines.  There is a wine tasting every Thursday night.  On both Wednesdays and Thursdays food trucks accompany the tastings.  The best thing about this place is the knowledge that the owner has for his product.  Issa, a native to Nevada, has such a vast experience with wine, beer, and liquors, and offers expert advice and opinions on the products he carries.  Issa is the little guy in town that fights for distribution among the big boys for the finest beverages that come to this city, and he usually wins because he knows his stuff.Folks, if you take beer or wine seriously, Khoury's is worth the drive no matter what part of the valley you live in.  I drive weekly all the way from the west side of town to partake in this rare oddity of subculture and escape from the generic Vegas scene.  Khoury's offers this town something that it has never seen, and I want more Vegas residents to have a chance to appreciate it!
4	Looked at a few liquor stores in the area, but none had the micro brew selection we were looking for...until this place! Nice wine selection, and very friendly.
5	How do you improve on great location, personalized service, really great people, free beer tastings on Wednesdays & free wine tastings on Thursdays?  Add a food truck, of course!  Now, Wednesdays & Thursdays are complete with the arrival of some of Las Vegas' best food trucks!  #Haulin' Balls lamb Zorba & Thai sandwiches are delish, GreatBao should not be missed (sesame chicken goodness & I hear their roast duck bao is really good) and the truffle tater tots from TastyBunz...yum!
5	this is a great place to stop by and have a brew. they keep several microbrews on tap to choose from. they have a little area up front where you can sit at the bar or one of a couple tables. they also host free beer and wine tastings and events, check their website for what's on tap and events. people we have met inside are friendly, laid back. staff are great as well. they have a huge selection of wine.
4	This is my favorite spot to buy beer in Vegas! Great selection of local-ish craft beers and a decent selection of wine as well. They've now opened up a cafe type area where you can consume your beer on premises. They often have food trucks in the parking lot so you can grab a bite to eat and have your food truck grub with a BEER. I'm very much a fan of the food trucks, but eating outside while standing up (or in my car, ugh) without a nice alcoholic beverage really blows. Yes, at Khoury's you really can have it all - great food from a locally owned food truck, and a nice craft beer !
5	Been dying to see this place.My hubby and friends go there all the time, but this week on V-DAY i decided to go! We bought about 4 beer and decided not to stay and drink the three offerings on tap, as I had already had them and we were short on time. Love the wine barrels out front, and the carved signs of craft beer by the bar!They have several craft beer for sale, some hard to find and they get new things in all the timeWhere else can you buy beer and drink it too? Love Khoury's. Wish it wasn't so damn far.
4	We have driven by this place a zillion times, all ways saw the Roach Coach...Ok or what ever there called now!  We finally stopped, because there was a sausage truck in front and my husband also sells sausages.  We ordered, but also found out they have free wine tasting on Thursdays.  The crowd was very friendly, and the wine was good.  They also have beer tasting on Wednesdays.
4	What?  You can't find a wine from Arizona in the Las Vegas area?  Go to Khoury's Fine Wine & Spirits.  I'm from Hawaii and come here on vacation at least once or twice a year.  Khoury's is now a "must stop" for me to pick up an order of Merkin Vineyards Chupacabra from the winery in Jerome, AZ.  What's even better they got me the 2006 vintage, not the 2011 which I was expecting.  I can pop this thing open now instead of waiting a couple of years.  Thank you Nura for the awesome customer service via e-mail.
5	you can buy alcohol anywhere in this town! But Khoury's has ALWAYS stood out to me because of their top notch customer service! But now they are all grown up into a new hybrid joint. 11 rotating craft beer taps and 8 enomatic spouts, too. A cool place to sip and enjoy a brew. The staff is helpful and knowledgeable. Some weeks when my wife is out of town I practically live there! Watch out though, you'll end up taking stuff home too! There's just too much yummy stuff to leave there!
4	Attended a tasting event here last night. I am impressed with the dedication to craft beers and friendly knowledgeable staff.
5	Love, love, love this place. They don't have the volume that Total Wine has, but the personalized service from their friendly and knowledgeable staff make up for it. Plus they can special order anything they don't have in the store.  They have weekly wine tasting events on Thursday from 6 - 8, plus some of the best food trucks in the Valley are there on Wednesday and Thursday.  If wine isn't your thing, they have a good selection of beer on tap, starting at $3/pint, or you can select a beer from their expansive collection in the cooler. I was there last Thursday and there was quite a crowd. Very diverse group of people that love good wine, good beer, and good conversation.
5	Kinda hidden in a strip mall in a nice part of Henderson, Khoury's is worth the trek out here. The service is always grand: the employees know their stuff and are happy to make quality suggestions. They also have a bar inside and do regular tastings; this place definitely goes the extra mile.The beer is dramatically better chosen than other places. What Lee's has in sheer floorspace this glorious beer temple has in well-chosen hard-to-find items at reasonable prices. I walked out with select choices from The Bruery (which I could not find locally anywhere else) and some choice selections from Norway(?) recommended by the shopkeeper which were excellent.I will come back every chance I get. The only downside is the empty cooler space. Someone on the back end of Khoury's needs to improve stocking or ordering or something because when you have selections that well chosen the empty space on the shelves hurt the heart of beer nerd. Who knows what foamy delights could be chilling in that space. FILL THOSE COOLERS.
5	Love this spot, love the people.  This place has a great vibe.  Everyone who works here is extremely helpful and fun to talk to.  The biggest thing that sets them apart from other wine stores in the area is that they have a bar in store where you can sit down and enjoy your wine right there with your friends or make new friends.
5	Khoury's is seriously one of my favorite local places here in Las Vegas. They are a bit hidden in a strip mall, as stated by another reviewer, but it's definitely worth your time to check them out.I am a big fan of craft and import beers, as well as scotch whisky and bourbon. Khoury's has, one, a fantastic selection of craft and import beers; two, a great bourbon selection, and a pretty decent scotch selection. The fantastic thing about Khoury's though, is the fact that the staff there are extremely friendly, welcoming, knowledgable, and always willing to educate you on various spirits. They'll also special order anything you want if they don't have what you're looking for.Plus, I love that you can buy any beer or wine and they'll pop it open there for you to enjoy. It's a great atmosphere to sit around and enjoy some beer and wine. They even have an area with various beers on draft, as well as a few wines. I think the thing that really sets Khoury's apart from other places like Lee's is their excellent knowlege and customer service (a huge deal for me), their fantastic atmosphere, their super friendly staff, and very unique approach to selling spirits.I'd give them ten stars if I could!
5	5 stars feels like I'm shortchanging Khoury's, it is the coolest place to hang out and drink a beer.  Great selection of craft beer and wine, excellent and helpful staff.  They frequently have tastings, new taps every week.  Excellent food trucks park right outside the door on Wed/Thurs.  Everyone is your friend when you step inside.
3	I had a gift certificate that I thought could be used to purchase a bottle of wine, but was told by the owner that it only applied to beer or wine poured by the glass.  There are tables set up on the side for this purpose.  A menu is posted of what is available on any given evening.  The owner said there are free tastings on Thursday evenings, but our schedule would not allow us to attend.  We returned on a Saturday night when we sampled 5-ounce glasses of Pietra Santa merlot.   The wine was good as was the company of the bartender and a few other patrons.
5	Excellent place!  Great craft beers on tap that Lee's and Total can't get their hands on.  Great customer service at a place that feels like home.
5	Khoury's is my Shawn Hunter, the best friend that doesn't let you down especially challenges in meeting this world of adult libations. (You don't get it? Must not be a 90's kid.. ):) If you're looking for a rare/limited selection of beer that you won't find elsewhere in Vegas then Khoury's is your place. My personal experience was that I was looking for a super limited beer(only like 2 cases came to Vegas), Deschutes Dissident to be exact, and although they flew off like pancakes, the staff was still kind enough to reserve one for me. I was even able to pick up some items that I didn't even know hit Vegas yet. The staff actually cares, can offer REAL recommendations, and are full of knowledge. Real customer service makes up for their smaller selection and I live 30-40 minutes away, but its always a treat to come by.They have quite a bit of wine taps and beer taps, which means you can actually drink in their store. There are also weekly events from wine tasting, spirits, or beer gatherings paired with a local food truck that you can find out from their calendar (http://www.khourysfinewine.com/Calendar_of__Events.html). I believe there is no corkage fee as long as you buy something from the store. Support your small local businesses, especially ones that go out of their way to build a community.
5	We've always been a fan of their wine and beer selection as well as their free wine tastings on Thursday nights.  But the best part for us, is being able to order a glass of beer or wine from tap and enjoy it with other patrons or the wonderful staff. It's a friendly, low-pressure way to spend some time with great beer and/or wine and knowledgeable staff.
5	Great selection! Staff is beyond friendly and always welcoming. Hospitality isn't dead! They have a really unique selection.
5	This store is great. The staff is helpful and most importantly knowledgeable. They offer nights for tasting and always have great beer on tap. For anyone getting into drinking craft beers or wines this is a place to go.
5	5 stars all day. For random beer run.
5	A liquor store.... and a bar.... all in one!?!?  What an amazing place.  If you are a craft beer lover, than look no further than Khoury's.  Issa, the owner, has done an unbelievable job bringing something truly unique to Vegas.  If you love craft beer, than make sure to go on Wednesday when all the hardcore home brewers all congregate. They have brewers from some of the best breweries come down each week along with a food truck.  Or you can go on Friday when they infuse one of their amazingly tasty kegs with a crazy flavor.  More into wine?  Then go on Thursday, when they have weekly free wine tastings.  Looking for that special bottle that Southern Wine and Spirits doesnt provide to Lee's or Total?  They will get it for you at a great price.  The owner and staff are superb, and the ambiance is great.  You will meet lots of cool people who will share with you their knowledge of great beer, then go buy one and open it right there in the store for you to share with them.  What's better than that? Do yourself a favor and check it out!
5	It's a liquor store! It's a beer and wine bar! Confused yet? Located toward the southern point of the city, Khoury's Fine Wine and Spirits has become one of my favourite hangouts over the past few months. You can buy a bottle of beer or wine right from the shelves to imbibe in the lounge, made up of heavy top tables held up by old wine barrels (awesome), try one of their wines by the glass or sip on locally made beers from the tap. Yes, you can drink right in the store but that isn't what gives this place its charm. Everyone who works there is extremely friendly and knowledgeable about the products they sell. This place is a great example of how things should be done and leaves a lasting impression.Things of note: Khoury's does events Wednesday-Friday. Thursdays are their free wine tasting night and Wednesdays bring out the beer folk, all of them attract some of the best food trucks in the Las Vegas valley. You can find a list of their upcoming events and which food trucks are there each night on their website.Make sure to try: Whatever is on tap, of course.
5	Khoury's Fine Wine & Spirits is a very recommendable place to buy (of course) wine. I love their selection and the staff was very knowledgeable of their products. I love that there is a small bar and you can drink wine and beer while enjoying the company of your friends. Its a nice hangout spot if you're look for cheap thrills.
3	I was looking around everywhere for some vodka to have on hand at my house to serve a friend and was just not having any luck finding this brand (Ketel Citroen, for the record). I had gone to several grocery stores, etc. and was really hoping with the great reviews this place had that I'd find it here, but I didn't, hence the low star rating.The store itself is beautiful. It's really a breath of fresh air compared to the very utilitarian look of Lee's, or the pretty, but still utilitarian look of Total Wine. This store is just beautiful when you walk in. It's a place you really want to look around and try their offerings. I was instantly entranced by it. Unfortunately, it doesn't stock the things I need so I don't see doing much business here, but I'm fairly sure if you're a wine lover, especially, you'll find what you need. Just an amazing store, asthestically.
5	If you live near Khoury's this has got to be your place for craft brews and/or specialty wines. They have a great selection of common craft brews all the way to hard to find US craft and international craft brews. Wednesday nights they do a craft beer sip and share which usually has a food truck involved. I was a regular all last summer and it's incredibly fun and a great social event for local Vegas residents. Thursdays they do a wine tasting night, which I have yet to go to but I'm sure is equally as fun.The best part about this place is that you can buy a delicious craft beer and enjoy it and discuss craft beer with other knowledgable people there. If you don't want to buy a bomber they also have a solid rotation of craft beers on tap. They recently also started filling growlers which is awesome. All the guys who work there are friendly and will give answer any questions you have or give you recommendations based on what you're in the mood for. Strongly recommend this place if you love craft beer.
5	EXCELLENT beer selection, both in the cooler and out.Reasonable prices.Super friendly and knowledgeable staff.Nice layout that makes it a little homey-er than a Lee's or Total Wine.Not too far from home.Best of all: a bar inside that's pouring like 8 very unique beers (and some wines - didn't check them out). You can sit as long as you want, and it's ok to have kids with you!I haven't been for the free beer/wine tasting nights, but I've heard it gets pretty packed. On a Friday evening, we were the only people in there.
4	cool privately owned businessgood selection
5	Easily one of the gems of Las Vegas. The staff is extremely knowledgeable and quite friendly, the wine and beer selection excellent, and the taps rotate every so often. It's a nice place to stop by with food from Zabas or Panera Bread and take in a pint. Beer nights on Wednesdays and wine tasting nights on Thursdays are often accompanied by food trucks as well.I'd much rather go here for the good stuff than Total Wine or other big boxes. You're supporting local and often find bottles here that are unavailable at other large retailers.
5	Some clients suggested a meeting here - boy were we not disappointed!!  Such yummy beers on tap, a friendly seating area..all around a fun time!  Beer lovers - check this place out (wine lovers too)!!
5	I love Khoury's! It's always on my "must do" in Vegas list. I come here to buy beers to bring home (I'm a craft beer junky and like bringing home the brews you can't find in Hawaii), and also to just sit and relax on some big barrel tables with a cold beer in hand. ;) This part store/part bar establishment Is not on the strip so the vibe is real chill and friendly.The guys who work here are always so nice. They are always willing to make recommendations, whether you need to pair a wine with a meal or just find a good stout to try, if you are walking around their store, they'll always offer their assistance.They cycle which beers they keep on tap, and even have a few wines, so after you are done shopping you can grab a seat on one of their barrel tables and order a drink. I love that they do this as it gives you a chance to try a glass from a brewery  you wouldn't have bought otherwise. Prices are reasonable. Overall it's a really great store. This would be my Cheers if I lived here. :)
5	Great selection of beer and wine. Wine by the glass and beer on tap as well as an option of buy a bottle and enjoy it there. Free wine tastings on Thursdays. Knowledgable staff that have a passion and interest in what they are selling. Never disappointed.
5	This is a great place for craft beer.  Excellent selection and customer service.  The beer tasting during week was well attended and well priced.
5	If you like great atmosphere , specialty beers, wines and local treats this is your place. They have a bar for tasting and you can usually find all the local brewers themselves here on Wednesdays to talk the talk. Great owner and staff ,Love this place!
4	While a lengthy jaunt from the strip and not terribly easy to find, this is a great beer store (particularly in the craft beer desert that is Las Vegas). The employee that helped me was the perfect combination of friendly and knowledgeable. He was able to turn me on to several local treasures and other brews that aren't available to me back home. The selection was not huge by many craft store standards but it was quite good (a virtual Wonderland compared to elsewhere in the city). A few rows of shelves and a healthy refridgerated wall displayed a bounty of well priced options. The atmosphere is nothing to write home about but it's was clean and well kept. The fact that they are the only location in town licensed for both sale and on-site consumption gives them another leg up on other stores. They had several taps available for glasses or growlers and some wines as well with a decent sized seating area to enjoy your bottles or drafts. Cool place, fantastic staff, very good selection and quite reasonable prices. This is the store to visit while in Vegas.
5	Such a great spot to get top quality beers. In my opinion, one of the best quality selections of all things barley and yeast. The staff is very helpful and knowledgable as well. The tasting area and growler fills are the icing on the cake that set this place apart.
5	All my earlier comments still apply, but one more treat: they will open any beer you buy to drink in the store. Yay! Other than Pizza Rock and Yard House (chain - ugh), this may be the ONLY place in town where you can drink a cool, interesting, unique beer with your kids. Thank you, Khoury's, you are literally my favorite bar in town!
5	I've been coming here since they opened.  Before there was Total Wine and when all you could get at Lee's, was the corporate wines they jammed their space with, you could always find a nice selection of great wines, reasonably priced.  When the craft beer craze exploded, Khoury was the first to provide an intimate space where you could sample wine and many different brews, either bottled & canned or from a rotating on tap selection.  The staff are knowledgeable, polite and very friendly and really seem to enjoy providing excellent service, which explains why this place is so popular.  My favorite place to relax, meet my friends and enjoy a great beer or wine.
5	This is a cool place to buy craft beer. They also bring in some very cool beer on tap. The owner and the employees know a TON about beer and are most helpful. Did I mention the cool beer selection and...well...they are getting better stocking wine and spirits but ironically Khoury's is all about...THE BEER...
