4	I just recently officially purchased my first home. When I submitted my query to lending tree I got several responses relatively quickly. I decided I would see which lender would give me the better rates and customer service so I started the process with multiple lenders to see how much they cared. Mark Christoffersen from Access Capital was by far the most responsive and interested in my home buying process, and he really seemed eager to help me out. The rates from all three were about the same and access capital's fees were slightly lower than the other two lenders I was communicating with, but seeing as how the seller was paying all the closing costs I didn't care so much about the fees. I cared more about using a lender that seemed interested in landing the sale and pleasing their customer. Mark and the team at Access Capital did a really good job of dealing with the sub-par escrow company we were forced to work with and I got timely responses from everybody involved. There was an instance of some docs not being received and a couple of delays because of the holidays but nothing that held up the process or caused troubles. Overall, I'm very pleased with Access Capital Group and their staff and I would recommend them to friends if they had need of their services.
5	I found Access Capital through lendingtree.com, and they were extremely helpful from day one.  We started by solving some credit issues on my record, which took a couple of months.  By the time my report was corrected, I had a pre-approval letter in my hand! We run into a few issues during the purchase process, but Mark, Melissa and Chris never gave up, and now the deal is closed and I'm ready to move to my new place!  Don't think twice about working with this guys, because they will get it done for you!
1	Absolutely the worst.  Not only did my loan fall over into the next year--no one ever knows anything, can do anything, or updates you with information on the status of your loan. A lot of "I'm in the car and I'll look at your file when I get back" and "I've been working on your file all day" with no results. A lot of promises up front to keep you in the game until it's too late to back out.  Find someone professional for your home purchase!*********Update 1/14/15:  15 days after original closing date was scheduled I am still without a home--or a loan.  FACT:  There were multiple offers on the home I am trying to purchase--I was told by Kathleen at Access Capital Group that I won the bid because I had the strongest loan.  What's the hold up?!
