4	Overall a nice store.  Clean, a good variety of products, and good meats and produce.
1	Second time in 6 months that I have had problems with meat department. First time was bad shrimp. Last Saturday I bought chicken that was super rotten. I smelled something in the car on the way home and when I got it into the house and opened the package I about fell over.  FAIL ALBERTSONS...
5	This is my favorite grocery store. The produce and meat are always fresh. The staff is super friendly. I much rather shop here than Walmart.
4	Really like this store, feel comfortable coming here.  Most of time they have enough cashiers which is rare these days, very friendly service.  I like their chicken wing spread.  Prices aren't as competitive as other companies but I'll trade that for a good experience.  It's also easy to find stuff in this store.
5	They don't have the best of everything but the meat quality is far superior to most supermarkets in the valley.  Another thing I like is that there is no club card which I find irritating. The guys in the meat department are very knowledgeable and the service is sufficient.
2	It's a good thing they have super good sales on their meat and fish because otherwise I would never come here. Their produce is only so so.  I buy milk a lot here because it seems to be on sale every week. And then the meat and fish - they normally have some sort of buy one, get one or buy one, get two deal on something. And you can't pass that up. The service here completely sucks though. The cashiers and probably the least friendly people on the face of the earth. They don't even acknowledge you half the time. And they are all so ssslllooowww. It takes three times as long to check out at this store then any other store I go to. I will continue to look at their ads and come when they have good sales. But I'm so glad this doesn't have to be my only option for groceries!
4	Good and friendly service from the meat dept.- also one of the only stores that carry Seltzers Bologne.
1	Today I went into this store only to be treated like dirt.   I go into this store once a week and have been going there for more than a year.  I order specialty items for my art shows and for my church so the managers know me.   Today I forgot my wallet but had my checkbook.   I told the clerk this before she rang up $200 worth of groceries.   When it got to the end they refused my check because I didn't have my ID even though the assistant manager knew me from previous visits.   So I left the store expecting to return as soon as I picked up my disabled husband from therapy which was 5 minutes away.   I returned to the store and they had already taken everything out of bags and were preparing to put it all back on the shelves.   I had to wait while they retrieved the groceries and they had to check me out again with my husband waiting outside in the car.  I can hardly believe anyone would ever return to a store that does not value a repeat customer, and turn down a sale even though they recognize me and I had the funds to pay them.   All I can say is that I will never return.
