3	I enjoyed my lunch here!So 3 stars? This ranking may seem a little harsh because I already stated that I enjoyed my lunch, but let me give you a quick run-down on my opinion. I ordered the gyro platter to go.Plusses: Clean, friendly employees. TONS of meat. Salad was amazingly good and fresh. They offer the option of rice or fries offered as a side, and the rice was great. Tzatziki sauce was one of the better ones I've had; quite a bit of dill whereas most in the valley are almost pure yogurt.Negatives: The gyro meat was a tad dry. The seasoning was average - which means it was not bad. Also, despite having enough meat to make 3 or 4 gyros, I didn't have enough onions or tomatoes to even make two. The proportions were off. I'll eat my leftovers after I go home and make some more side items.But this is nitpicking... the platter was $8.50 and a single gyro (with fries or salad) is $7.25. The deal is outstanding.Since this restaurant is fairly new, I'll give a quick run-down on other items on the menu.Appetizers include falafel, hummus, dolmades, spanakopita, zucchini, mushrooms and even chicken nuggets and jalapeno poppers. All are $4.50 or under, plus they have Greek Wings for $6.50.They obviously have gyros and pasta... and they offer pita pizzas; Greek, Italian and Veggie. If their side salad is this impressive, I need to try one of their full salads. They even offer salmon or shrimp salads for $8.25! Greek, Chicken Caesar, Garden and pasta salad are all available. Very reasonably priced.They have shrimp a few different ways on pasta platters, and specials like Italian sausage. They have a sandwich selection including Italian beef, chicken parmesan, cheesesteak, meatball, fish and pork among others. They also have quarter pound and half pound burgers.All of their meals are pretty much between 6 and 9 bucks.Since it's convenient for me, I will definitely go back. I recommend it, although it isn't my favorite gyro place in the city. It earns above average marks, so 3 stars from me for now. I'll re-evaluate once I try more items; especially the dolmade!
4	I was surprised and happy to see Georges resurfaced in N Phoenix. This is the same Georges that occupied the small place between the former Kyoto Bowl and the pet store near Bell Rd and 27/28th Ave.I was going to get the standard Gyro but was told of the Chicken Enchilada special. So I had to try it. They were 3 chicken filled corn tortillas with a homemade tomitillo green sauce and cojita cheese on top. The flavor was perfect, nice mix of flavor and spice. The chicken appeared to be all white meat and was really good. Served with a side of rice (great) and a small patch of lettuce and tomato. It was great and very unexpected to enjoy it so much.
4	I had seen the signs up as I went by for a while not knowing it was an already established owner.  Then I saw Daren's review and decided to try the place.  It is sort of tucked in behind the pizza place which occupies most of the building.  The business name does not fully describe the wide variety of stuff available on the menu.I arrived a few minutes early and the doors were wide open and everything was ready for business.  The counter person/server was very friendly.  I got the chicken Caesar pita sandwich with a salad and soda fountain.  Service is fast casual where you order at the counter and they bring it to you.  The restaurant is bright and airy and clean.  It was a lovely fall day outside so I chose to sit on the shaded patio.  I am going to nitpik a little because I cannot find much to fault; the Caesar dressing was a bit too vinegary for my taste and I would prefer more Feta on my salad.  I'll definitely be back to try some more stuff on the menu.
1	DON'T GO HERE! I got FOOD POISONING from this place...and I nearly died 2 days later. Not to mention, the gyro was bland and yucky. Stay away! :(
3	Had a Gyro combo with a side salad. Salad was fresh, colorful with a bountiful mix of different vegetables. Dressing was a bit too much vinegar in it. Gyro was full of meat and just the right amount of tzatziki. Not enough onions or tomato on the Gyro though. Restaurant was clean, bright and Diana was very friendly. You will not be disappointed. I only wish the local Greek restaurants would stop hanging up the same Kronos posters. They look cheesy and dated.
3	Ordered the gyro and and the hummus on the side.Lots of meat!.As others indicated, the there was a lack of the other accoutrements that usually accompany the pita and meat...especially the tzatziki sauce. The meat was a little bland, but not Luby's cafateria bland.The hummus was bland as well.I'll order a gyro again, but will remember to ask for more tzatziki.
4	3.5Didnt even know about this place, but had to pick up a pizza at Pizza Hut next door on a holiday since my work address doesnt have a manned lobby for the deilvery guy to deliver,, Anyways, Tried the PICADO Gyro,the Breading was really good, didnt break apart like other places,The meat (a whole lotta meat too) was consitantly seasoned, and the fixins, were not overpowering. Close to work, and decently priced I will definitly be back.Even the fries were good....
5	First off.....  One thing: if you ask for more tzaziki sauce, they are happy to give it to you. Just gotta ask!! And, it has lots more flavor than some other  tzaziki I have had.Now for the review:  Great place!!! The food is very good. Large portions in the gyros as others have said.  There are many pasta dishes on the menu that sound really good. I will update when I try them.Ted, the owner, is a super friendly, happy guy. The place is right next door to the Fedex. Kind of hidden away, but search and you will be happy you did!UPDATE.......................................................I have had a few of the pasta dishes (Greek Pasta and Meat pasta). Tthey are great! They come with garlic bread AND a Medium sized salad! A great meal for approx 7-8 bucks!!
4	Amazing! Falafel was cooked to perfection. Opt for the salad instead of the fries. It is not because the fries are bad but because the salad is too delicious to pass up. Also, if you like lamb, you will never eat another Gyro! Thinly sliced, packed with meat, not so much dressing or extras. It's not messy and they have nice portion sizes.
4	I stopped here very early this year I think, I had to make some copies at Fedex and I saw the sign while leaving... good excuse to not have to cook.I ordered gyros to go, and they took a really long time, don't remember why... but I was talking on the phone with a friend and that was not that bad.The cashier girl was very friendly and offered me a cup to drink something (since they took so long)...But it was worth it, the gyros were really good, lots and lots of meat... and the fries were good too.And, I forgot about this place... until I had to make some more copies earlier this week... Hopefully I will remember to try them for lunch as it is fairly close to the office.
2	I went here cause I had a groupon. The prices were very high, so I needed the groupon for sure. The food was very good, but the cashier was not friendly at all. Made it seem like I was bothering her with any question I asked. I'm a big fan of Georges at Mckellips. They always had specials and kool people. While the food was good, the un-friendly atmosphere at the 27th ave location left a bad taste for sure.
5	Yay, finally remembered to come back! this place is so close to work it is a shame I had forgotten about it.Very friendly service, and... I went for a Gyro Pita, with salad. It was very tasty, lots of meat. I even had some left overs for a late snack at work.Hubby got the Gyro Pita too, with fries. Really good too. Looking forward to go back, hopefully soon : )
5	Seriously, how can you give this less than 5 stars with the flavors of their food? I had the gyro picado with the side salad. It rivals any place in town. Go check these guys out and enjoy some really delicious food!!!
4	The food here is really good! If you enjoy Gyros and Gyros done right,  George's is super for that ! Usually the owner is there and he is working and cooking on his own and he makes it spectacular. Location : Small sit down area, nothing fancy, good for lunch, do not bring a date! You can usually call ahead for take out. Prices are about the same as similar places nearby. It would be even better if they had special deals like many other gyros places do. For example a meal deal for a special price during lunch, etc.
5	Wow!!! Thank you Yelp! I've lived in the neighborhood for almost 4 years and had never tried George's until yesterday. The location makes it a bit tough to recognize from the road. The original gyro was fantastic! Has to be the most meat I've ever had in a gyro, and great flavor too! So I took the to-go menu with me and saw something intersting, George's Chicken Faliro. Had it for lunch today :), sliced chicken breast, artichoke hearts and capers, sauteed in olive oil, butter and a little lemon, topped with a bit of feta, all over pasta, outstanding!!! Great value, will definitely be back!
4	Ordered food 3 days ago for work and it was ready for pick up on time.  For the price, I assumed it would be average at best.  The gyro was fantastic and the salad with it was absolutely fresh.  The only reason I remembered to do this review is because I am ordering again right now,Great job!
5	The Greek salad with Gyro is amazing!  Owner cares and works hard each day I have come.  Will repeat often!
5	I work Next door to George's I eat there 2-3 times per week.  It's always amazing. Ted the owner is great, and Elizabeth the kitchen manager rocks! Try the steak stir fry or the Greek Salad with chicken or gyro. Liz makes the dressing from scratch! Great place!
5	George serves up amazing Greek food. I order the gyro pita every time. Wish they had more seating, but this place is worth the wait!
5	Located in an industrial park off the 101 and I-17, this place is a perfect spot to grab some lunch. My family stopped in shortly before dinner. We were greeted immediately by a happy man who was just as cute as a button and very helpful.I was impressed with the expansive menu, but nonetheless, went with my standard gyro and Greek salad. Husband had the Italian gyro and son had the standard gyro as well. I was happy with my selection. The meat is sliced very thin and piled high and the bread to tzatziki to meat proportions were perfect in my opinion. My salad was great, and I found myself stealing crispy fries from my son's plate as well. My 10 year old son did not finish his gyro, but wrapped it up to take home for later. This is rare for him, so he obviously enjoyed it as much as we did.  I will make it back in soon to try the other items on the menu!
4	Good food at a great price. I usually get the gyro platter. The small Greek salad that it comes with is large enough for my wife to take to work for lunch. Much more than one person should eat for sure!
5	This place is amazing!  They have a huge menu, very wide variety, great salads, phenomenal sandwiches, all very reasonably priced. Service is always excellent as well, short wait time.  I'd recommend this place to ANYONE!
5	Great food, nice service, and outdoor seeting. Ask for Ted, very nice man who seems to always be working.Love the gyro platter.
5	Overload of gyro meat..Texas style gyro is yummy!Owner and son is awesome.If you want good food come on over and yes they are busy but during lunch time because of the other office's over in the area.
4	I frequent George's at least twice a month for lunch as it is nearby my office. They always have a good crowd at lunch by the many office workers like me. The restaurant itself is fairly small, maybe 6-7 tables or so inside and a couple more outside.  The decor leaves something to be desired, especially in the bathrooms.  Not unclean, but not something that looks quite up to par either. The service is walk up "fast casual" style and usually George himself cooks, runs the register and delivers the eats too. (With the help of 2 more helpers in the kitchen). The big sellers are the usual suspects of a Greek joint; Gyros, Salads, Chicken, etc. The food is the usual fantastic assault of highly seasoned Greek fare. I love the house Greek salad dressing and the Gyro with Fries. Always a winner!  Definitely a must try.
5	Best gyros in Phoenix! They taste straight out of Chicago. The staff is wonderful and the place is always clean. When ordering for pick up it's always ready and I never have to wait.
5	Awesome!Gryos Patter was great and the the portion of gryos meat was huge! Overall I was very happy with the food and the service.I will be back.
5	The Short:Demeter has ascended from Mount Olympus and blessed Arizona with the ambrosia that is served at George's Famous Gyros and Pasta. The Pros:- Quality ingredients that can be tasted in the end product.- Amazing bang for the buck.- Distinctive yet consistent menu that keeps overall theme in mind.- Friendly service surrounded in a family orientated atmosphere. - Great specials.- Clean dining area. The Cons:- Dining area extremely basic and dated (if that bothers you).- Delivery price restrictions. - Closed on Sunday (if that bothers you as well).- Distant location for a majority of Phoenix. Best Item(s):- Gyro platter or combo.- Spaghetti and meat sauce.- Any variety of salad._________________________________________________The Story: There are some restaurants that are an absolute pleasure to be a patron of. They act as the cornerstone that all others within their field are compared to. They are the master of their domain and the archetype for what a successful establishment should resemble. That can vary from the the atmosphere they provide to category of food they make. With that in mind, enter George's Famous Gyros and Pasta (George's). I discovered George's immediately after graduating from college and moving to Phoenix to work and live. They were the last stop in my journey to find the best American-Greek restaurant near my neighborhood in northern Phoenix. I feel comfortable saying that, lucky for me, I found the best one in all of Arizona.George's isn't worried to much about frills. Their food, while presented in an alluring manner, is served on your basic Styrofoam (another one of those surprisingly trademarked words) plate. The unassuming menu looks like it was designed and printed at the Kinko's located next-door. Heck, even their dining room looks like it belongs in a low budget '70s film.This is easily overlooked and forgotten after the first bite. Everything at George's has been artfully constructed by someone who loves what they do. There is a difference between simply being talented at something and enjoying it as well. I never thought you could taste the difference until I ate at George's. To avoid boring you, I will focus largely the restaurant's specialties, gyros and pasta. The perfectly seasoned gyro meat is thinly cut from its rotisserie and always served fresh. I can't stress the importance of this. Several Greek restaurants in Phoenix subscribe to the belief that thickly cut Gyro meat provides the best flavor possible. I'm telling you folks, this isn't true! The thinner cuts come out crisper and allow the spices to take center stage on your tastebuds. This is essential to making a quality gyro. The subtle-sweet pita bread acts as the ideal delivery vehicle for the meat and veggies. It not only literally wraps it all together, but does so flavor wise as well. Fabulous. George's serves the basic styles of spaghetti and a few unique ones. While I did enjoy their take on 'Greek pasta,' I am going to focus on the standard spaghetti and meat sauce. Right know, I know you're thinking, "how do you mess up something as simple as spaghetti?" I agree, it's a pretty easy dish to make, but it becomes much more complicated when you include meat sauce into the equation. Here, George's has decided to make it as thick and meaty as possible. I agree with this approach. The finely ground hamburger is almost impossible to siphon from the sauce's already hearty consistency. If you prefer your meat sauce to be more of a 'hamburger soup,' then this isn't for you, but I still recommend you give it a try.Lastly, George's customer service is superb. This isn't to suggest the staff is perfect in this area, but they succeed at creating a humble and warm atmosphere that is usually only found in small towns. You feel like your are at a friend's house after a month of dining there once a week or so. Ultimately, George's has mastered the essence of what American-Greek food should taste like at a local eatery. There are aspects of it that could improve. This place likely isn't for you if a restaurant's decor has a large affect on your experience. Pass it over and spend your hard earned dollar somewhere that will make you happy! If not, this is a stop you can't miss. Don't forget to call out my name! I'll likely be there myself.
5	I absolutely love this place. It is spot on every time we come here. The food is amazing.
5	My hubby and I are a little bummed that we didn't discover this place a little sooner.  I absolutely love their Gyro and salad combo and they are always generous with the Yelp check-in offer.  The gyro has so much meat in it that I half to take out about 1/3rd of it to even make it small enough to fit in my mouth.  The people that work there are great and willing to give suggestions.  Zeus would be proud!
5	First visit - nicely impressed.Original gyro was great, stuffed with meat and pita was very soft. I do wish there as a few more onions and a bit more sauce, but overall very good. Fries with crispy and cooked well.Meatball sub outstanding with a good flavor to the meat. Again, a bit more sauce would have been preferred.We'll be back and try more of the extensive options. Super friendly staff!
4	Chicken Faliro was great and had plenty of food. Excellent hummus with pita and cucumber.  Friendly staff. Could be a little cleaner and I wish they choose between the TV audio or the tunes, was a little loud for small space. I would definitely eat there again.
5	Extra star given due to surprising hospitality~Good food, good prices, good value for both.Had a Greek Spaghetti and a bottle o' Sprite.It was interesting to see how busied the staff were in the back, yet how personable and attentive the same people were once they served you your food. A nice balance of speed & seriousness with caring 'slowness' (no rushing in serving you that they'd forget something). To think that they kept this up despite the rush hour of bustling customers.Honestly, all this would automatically give them 5 stars under my book since it's such a rare combination of positive traits for a fairly-known (at least for the locals) place... but I had planned to reduce it by one star... Because I keep seeing this place being advertised as "Mediterranean" - even though I hardly see anything on the menu that's specifically Mediterranean. If there was, it was completely obscured by the specifically-Greek choices. A bit of a bad advertising.What kept it from losing its 5th star is the fact that I had forgotten my bag in there when I left... it had many expensive items inside, including my tablet. But thanks to the kindness of a customer and the accomodation of the owner, my bag was placed on an easy-to-spot chair behind their counter.I've known some restaurants where such kind considerations would be rare... and even if those are just *some*, I still appreciate it in a restaurant.5 Stars!
5	Ok this wasn't the first time I have been to George's but every time is as good as the first time. I had the half pound burger which I swear is the best I have had at a restaurant. It comes with a salad or fries. I had the fries which are good also. The burger stands out because of the bun and spices they use. I have also had the gyro there before and that is equally as good. The service is always super friendly and it seems very clean whenever I eat there. I highly recommended George's to everyone.
5	The full 5 stars!  And they well deserve it.  My first visit to George's, my daughter and I  were having a hard time reading the menu from where we were sitting, we couldn't leave the table because it was busy and we lose our space..  This amazing man saw what was happening and came all the way from behind the counter with printed menus  so we could   order.. Talk about customer service,  that was beyond any expectations!The menu is loaded with the usual things you would find at a Greek restaurant but to my surprise it was loaded with much, much more.  And most anything you order comes with either perfectly done french fries or a Greek salad which was the best I've ever had.  The food is obviously made from scratch.  The amazing thing is that each thing was good,  not just a really good Gyro and some mediocre fries.  We ordered an Italian Gyro and a Falafel Pita.  Both quite wonderfully made.  Next time I'm going with a larger group so we can order everything and split it amongst all of us. Well now you know the food is good,  the restaurant itself was spotless and anytime someone left the table it was cleaned up before they hit the front door.    Great food at a good price in an immaculately clean restaurant , what more could you ask for?
5	Good food and good prices and friendly staff! Highly recommend. Chicken was really good there.
4	The original gyro was quite good. The lamb is seasoned and cooked very well. The spices accentuate the flavor of the meat rather than overpowering it, which is very important for meat like this. The pita bread is nice and soft--not stale or overheated. The tzatziki was great, but there was just NOT enough of it. Though it does cost $0.25 extra, I strongly suggest getting it. They don't skimp on meat portions, so the tzatziki just can't keep up. The amount of tomatoes was a little lacking too, but not really to a fault.My sister-in-law got the chicken pita and was pleased with it as well.I chose fries as my side, but I wish I hadn't. I believe they were frozen store-bought fries that were under-baked and heavily seasoned with season-all. Don't be me--be healthy and get the salad (sister-in-law liked that too).Ordering online with GrubHub was easy and the food was ready on time. The man who handed me our food was very friendly and made picking up our online order quick and pleasant.I'll be going back, but next time... MORE TZATZIKI.
5	Yelp reviews did not let me down. This place was amazing. The hummus was great and the original gyro was incredibly delicious. Portions are huge! Service excellent.
5	we really enjoy the food here. not many good Greek places to eat with such a good variety of food
5	They have the best gyros they put lots of meat on them I definitely recommend this place...
5	The gyros are amazing. I personally know George and his father and let me tell you this guys are so passionate about their food. I have try every-single thing from the menu and I love it all. Burgers are good, chicken pitas are good, Sandwiches are good EVERYTHING IS GOOD. People who talked shit about this place don't know anything about food.
5	I work across the street from George's and have always wondered how the food was there.  I love gyros and I have a place near where I live that isn't that bad but George's blows it away!  Yes, it's further of a travel for me but well worth the price of gas.  My roommate and I couldn't decide what we wanted for dinner and I said there's a Greek joint across the street from where I work.  I see it gets GREAT reviews on Yelp!  Wanna give it a try?  He agreed and off we went.  We decided to eat in.  The dining room is nothing special but it's clean and the workers were really friendly.  My roommate and I both ordered the same thing and we decided to split a Hummus and chips appy.  The Hummus is home made!!!!  YUM!!   Then they bought out a nice sized Greek Salad for each of us.  As we got about halfway thru the salad the main course came out.  We got the Original Gyro platter.  OMG!!!!  The portions were HUGE!!  I took one bite of the meat and I was in love.  It was perhaps the best tasting gyro I'd ever had.  The platter came with tzatziki (and plenty of it), sliced red onion, diced tomatoes, french fries (which were basically an afterthought) and pita bread (which was soft and warm).  It was absolutely delicious.  I hate to admit this but I ate the WHOLE thing........sans the fries.  My roommate bought about half of it home with him because he was full.  The employees came over to check up on us halfway thru the meal which I thought was very nice of them and like I mentioned before, they were very friendly and helpful.  OH!!!!! And the kicker......VERY REASONABLY PRICED!!!!!   Especially for the amount of food we received.  I will DEFINITELY be making many return visits to this fine establishment.
4	I have been visiting all the best Greek restaurants over the last few weeks. Being from NY, we had the BEST Greek restaurant I have ever been to. The reviews for George's are great, and it is true. It's very good. They open at 11 and they get very busy very quickly. The salad with chicken was great. I was so hungry and I still couldn't finish it. They can definitely use some extra help. They were very busy and only one girl taking orders and bringing out the food, and answering the phones!!! Overall, we'll worth your time!!! Go HUNGRY!
5	Best Gyro place around ...I hate having to go other places it's never close in comparison!
5	My friend was really bummed that the weight of all the food cracked his styrofoam container, and I couldn't stop eating. Really good value, really good food. Twice as much meat on the gyro, more than I've ever seen anywhere else! So good!  I can't wait to go back! Yum!
5	My wife just ate here for the first time after finding on Yelp. We both had the chicken pita and it was delicious! The chicken was very tasty and seasoned just right. We would recommend this place.
5	This place is great! I got the Original Gyro with a side salad. The gyro was delicious with lots of meat, and the salad was big and flavorful with peppers, feta and dressing. A simple meal, but definitely filling and delicious, all for less than $10.A friend recommended getting the Gyro Plate: it's only a little more and you get a ton of meat, two pitas, a huge salad and rice.Will be back!
5	Love the Gyro Greek Salad. Its worth everyDollar.. Not writing much because I am hungry and want to continue to eat it. I heard the Sandwich is amazing and can't wait to have it next time :)Enjoy the food!
5	closest thing to an actual gyro in Greece I can find in the valley! even better than some I had visiting greece. portions are ample, spices are authentic, and the Greek dressing is fantastic. I always get the original gyro with salad and side of dolmades......and I always have leftovers. go here!!!!
