3	The food was decent, the decor needs some work. I went on a Monday night with two co-workers.  We showed up at about 8PM and were promptly asked by the host "Do you have reservation?".  No.  It's Monday.  There were 6 other people in the restaurant.  Why even ask if we had reservations?The decor looks a bit dated.  I was expecting a pretty hip joint, instead got a old fashion restaurant.  Pretty bright too.  Some might find it charming.  Started off with some martinis.  I asked for extra dry, got a pretty wet vodka martini.  Fine, whatever.  Appetizers were probably the low point of the night - The seared tuna was about average (although pretty small).  The beef carpaccio left a lot to be desired.  While it was tender, it feel apart on us.  You HAD to use the fried wonton skins to eat it.  I love carpaccio, but the asian theme with it just didn't fly with me. The main course was nice.  I had a grilled chicken breast with black rice.  I would order it again if I went.  Didn't order dessert.  Wine - We ordered a pretty expensive bottle of red wine.  The bottle was really warm - disappointing.  It should have been at least a little bit chilled. I'll go back if someone is paying, but probably won't go on my own.
3	I'm really ambivalent about this place. On one hand, the atmosphere is comfy and the staff are professional without a lot of attitude. But the menu is uninspired and the portions are stingy, especially for the price.
4	I attended a business dinner at Carpe Diem last night and found it to be a nice little gem tucked into an interesting part of town.  The area is undergoing some extensive construction - 1/2 the street was shut down outside the restaurant - so getting there was a bit of a challenge.And while the decor seemed somewhat outdated (and the chairs were about the most uncomfortable I've experienced),  the food and service were pleasant surprises: The mushroom torte and shrimp couscous were delicious and the wait staff were helpful and attentive throughout the (long) evening.I would recommend Carpe Diem to anyone visiting the Charlotte area - as long as someone else, who knows the city, is driving.
4	I had dinner here on Saturday night, and I was very pleased by the experience. It didn't hurt that this was a company dinner, so it was free, but I would've like Carpe Diem regardless. Very comfortable, quiet restaurant that oozes niceness without being overly fancy or ornate, which is a nice balance. There's a nice bar in there, not too big, that serves up great pre-dinner cocktails/wine offerings. But it's the food that really had me raving. Great appetizers all around, and even better entrees. Try the grilled grape salad--it was amazing. I had the Mahi Mahi, and it was perfectly done. I also sampled the grilled steak, which was pretty darn good, too. Desserts were also extremely well-done. Again, everything was pretty pricy, but the quality merited that. I'll definitely be back--even if I have to pay.
4	Worth checking out.  The food was good and the scene is relaxed.
2	I had dinner at Carpe Diem with a good friend on a recent Tuesday evening.  The company was excellent, but the dining experience wasn't something I am eager to repeat...  First, the atmosphere.  Others have commented on this already, but I really didn't care for the decor or the atmosphere.  The lighting doesn't really work - the restaurant is too bright - and the furniture and flooring just really aren't up to snuff for a restaurant that's going to charge these kinds of prices.  Truth be told, the place reminds me a lot of a funeral parlor... Yeah, I know.For an appetizer we ordered a salad - priced over $9 - and we told them that we were going to share it.  They split the salad, served it on two plates, and charged us a $2.50 "split plate fee".  You're kidding, right?  The salad was good, but not even close to being worth the nearly $12 that they ended up charging us for it.  My friend ordered the Mediterranean sampler from the appetizer menu, and she enjoyed her food - and I am at least glad for that.  My entree, the scallops served with risotto, was fine but overpriced.  For $24 I received three scallops on a bed of risotto.  The risotto was undercooked.  The flavor was fine, but for $24 the risotto should be better than average - especially when there are only three scallops.  To me, this is quintessential "high end" Charlotte dining - decent food that is absurdly priced.  If they had charged $8 for our salads and $18 for my entree... it would have been a reasonable value.  For what Carpe Diem charged, though, I just found myself wishing that I had gone somewhere else.
2	I think there is a lot better food to be had in Charlotte. This place definitely has a romantic vibe going; its just that the food is not that good. Wasn't memorable, exciting or impressive. Would pass up in favor of something better.
5	Possibly the best kept vegetarian secret in Charlotte.Went for a "romantic" birthday dinner. He had reserved the table thru their website, leaving "birthday" in the comments- and they'd sprinkled the table (really sweet, sits in an alcove, isolated and quiet) with balloon confetti. Great little touch.From door to check, the service was impeccable, (thanks Page!) without being stuffy. The wine we'd wanted to try wasn't in stock any longer, so we were given a perfectly chilled taste of the new pinot grigio they're carrying before making our decision. Great wine, decent price.The decor was so Art Nouveau it was leaning towards camp - but I love anything from that era, so that was fine by me. Delicate lighting, warm and comfy. This is their third? relocation - and it looks as though they're planning to stay awhile, as there is obviously a lot of time, thought and money invested in the decor. Nice space between tables, a variety of seating options, lovely. I wonder if they'd be better placed Uptown, since the surrounding restaurants are a little lower-key, but I'm totally cool with not having to deal with all that entails to come here.The food ranged from good to impressive. Our mushroom tart with beets and microgreens was the low point of the meal, but was still delish. Grilled grape salad was simple but impressive, surrounded by a white balsamic reduction so subtle that it was almost honey. This is the only high cuisine restaurant I know of in Charlotte that does a unique vegetarian main each night as a special - and at 16.50 for my cauliflower cream pot pie (topped by perfect puff pastry, made in-house) it's accessible to anyone. I overheard other specials being ordered at double that price. But if you can stand to keep it veg, Carpe is an incredible bargain. Being the annoyingly inquisitive Yelper that I am, I had some questions involving hypotheticals - what if a troop of vegan friends were staying with me sometime in the future and I wanted to treat them to an amazing meal? Not a problem, said the chef - give me a week's notice, and I'll have a fully vegan experience prepared. Amazing.Not that I have any allergies or dietary restrictions (well, other than the veg thing), but this is the place to take relatives and friends that do. They are ready and willing to cater to any need. But you should come here anyway, although for us, it will be for special occasions. Our bill landed right at 100 for three courses, beverages, and tip. Easily worth it.
5	I discovered this place 2 yrs ago during 3 coures for 30.  Every time i go i have to have the either the Grilled grape salad, the grapes are rolled over the grill mmm. The goat cheese salad is mouth watering if you love cheese this is for you.  The goat cheese is light fried 3 medallions is normally what i have gotten on my salad. We always order the cheese/grape app which is wonderful. The fried chicken breast w/ spinach an gravy is my favorite.  Their pastry chef made my freind a chocolate cake for her birthday last year.  the service we always receive is more than wonderful.
5	They've still got it. Perfect lighting, stellar service, pacing is very carefully done. If you want a meal that feels expensive, but really isn't, try Carpe.The Grilled Grape salad, our fav from the last time we were here, was different, but delicious. Baby romaine, baby arugula, microgreens all tossed with that magical balsamic reduction, tiny pieces of a salty, stinky blue cheese. Every bite was sublime. I sure can't make a salad like this (and believe me, I try regularly).Cheese plate is reasonably priced, bordering on a steal, depending on what the daily cheese is. Last night, it was a super mild manchego, which complimented the full-frontal-assault of the brie nicely. Accompaniments and plate architecture were fun, and we totally got into pairings based on placement, which a good cheese plate will lead you to do. Awesome. Entrees were good (mine) and amazing (the special, his). Eggplant roulade, mine, suffered from mush factor (maybe inclusion of walnuts or pine nuts inside the roll would give us something to bite into?). Flavor was stellar - smoky, bite and acid from the tomato concasse complimented the fresh mozz well, but I kept looking for more cheese. Of course, I always am. His - mushroom bolognese, was flawless, surprisingly rich and meaty and deeply flavorful. Seriously impressive.We had a bottle of Chardonnay despite being white wine haters. It was really good, and I kept the cork to try and get a hold of some next time I want a good, light wine.If I were at the helm, there are two or three changes I'd make, and I'll be so bold as to write them here (hey, that's what Yelp's all about, ya?):More wines by the glass, or a wine flight.A Chef's tasting menu, complete with wine pairings, taking care to offer a vegetarian-specific menu.Another kind of bread (and butter) to go with the delicious rolls already served.Even after a (for us) pricey bottle of wine and more food than we could finish, our bill landed at $100 (again). Thanks Carpe! Mi amore.
5	On a recent visit I had the duck which was tender enough to cut with a fork and extremely well flavored. The spinach and parmasean soup was out of this world! A fanastic find and very enjoyable atmoshpere. Resonably priced wine and good service make this a "I'll be back" restaurant.
5	Seize the day and get your hungry self over to Carpe Diem. While Carpe Diem is a little fancy pants to just roll into with jorts and a Dale Jr. tee, make the effort. It's a lovely restaurant- beautifully appointed and as Julia S points out - stellar service and impeccable pacing. I've taken many of visiting family members here and I've never had anything less than an extraordinary meal. It's not a cheap meal, but it's well priced for the quality and quantity. For two of us with a few courses and a bottle of mid-price wine we usually spend about $120-$150 (including tip). Some of my favorites...Warm Goat Cheese (salad): I mean, really, it's warm goat cheese over delicious greens with hazelnut crunch. It's so good you basically want to start fist pumping through the restaurant.Cheese Plate: A very generous and tantalizing plate of cheese of the day. As Julia said - the accompaniments make it stellar. Scallops: I've had them so many different ways here I can't even count. One time they had some vanilla essence another atop of risotto. Both times they were out of this world. Cooked and seasoned perfectly. Plus they give you a very generous portion of large scallops. YUM.Desserts: They special make their desserts daily and I wish I could remember what I've had here. I know I've had some delicious type of creme brulee and something uber chocolately. Regardless, I don't think anyone would be disappointed with their dessert selection!
5	One of my top 5 restaurant spots in Charlotte. I've been here several times and have used a restaurant week on more than one occasion to indulge. The scallops are fantastic when they're served with almond risotto. I've also had the steak which comes with a great sauce and potatoes and asparagus. Buttermilk chicken is my new favorite. Menu is seasonal and changes so that makes it interesting each time I go. Always have to start with the goat cheese salad...so good with tons of flavor! If you're in the mood for more than one restaurant in one night. Start at Customshop next door for drinks and an app and go here for dinner.
5	Carpe Diem is such an elegant place to dine.  Their modern, yet neutral toned decor appeals to all.  Small details such as ceiling molding that curves and allows light to sift through, just adds another touch of class.  The light fixtures that pop out of the wall like bunches of flowers are gorgeous.  Just my style!  So ambiance gets an A+.  Now on to service...Service - excellent.  Our waiter was attentive to all of our needs.  There were three of us in attendance.  We each relied on him for wine recommendations and they were superb and reasonably priced.  He was able to share all of the specials without having to recite from any cards.  He responded well to our many questions regarding the menu.  Food - just perfect.  We ordered calamari and a seared tuna appetizer plate.  They were just out of this world.  The different unique but flavorful dijon based side sauce for the calamari was perfect.  Tuna was amazing.  The garnishes allowed you to make your own little test experiments.  Mmmm!For dinner I ordered the "Eggplant Roulade."  It was delicious.  It does have a smokey flavor to the sauce which I was initially hesitant about.  After trying it, I did like it.  Overall, I enjoyed my selection.  Next time, I will try the Cous Cous.  The waiter gave it very high marks.I will definitely be visiting Carpe Diem again!
4	Very much enjoyed my dinner at Carpe Diem. I had a tasty scallop dish albeit a bit small portion wise and two delicious starters - the tuna and calamari. I was happy in the end that I did get appetizers or my meal might have been a bit small. The real stand out was the fresh bread- wow delicious..I literally couldn't stop reaching for another roll - even after I was full! Our server was friendly and attentive- he recommended a nice chardonnay for my dinner and was pleasantly surprised it was in the $8 range.The atmosphere was a little stark- nicer for a quiet date than a girls night. Overall id say bring your wallet- my meal with two drinks and an appetizer was about $60. I would absolutely visit again since everything was really yummy!
5	This splurge restaurant located in Elizabeth happens to be one of my top 5 favorites in Charlotte!  I've never had a bad meal.  They have a seasonal menu with plenty of vegetarian choices and pride themselves on having several local organic farm partners.  Hot fresh bread served with butter, the warm goat cheese salad (I get this everytime), their made fresh daily desserts...it's all good!  And they also cater.
5	This fine restaurant deserves 5 stars if for no other reason than the hands-down most artistic and romantic ambiance in the entire Metrolina region.  Seriously, I feel like I'm sitting in Bilbo Baggins' hobbit hole with all the bowed wood and twisted iron.  The wine rack behind the bar looks like a many-branched oak tree.  The bar and dining room just call for a most-intimate dinner.Luckily, the food is just as quality as the environment.  Little galvanized metallic boxes hold fresh-baked rolls for the table.  The many-seeded variety are best- tasty and a good mix of crunch crust with a softer inside.  For a salad course, I'm a big big fan of the grilled grape.  The micro-greens are always garden-fresh and when you get a grape, they each have just a hint of smoke taste that blends nicely with the blue cheese but is a unique surprise.  The goat cheese salad is also very good, but still in second place, in this Yelper's humble opinion.Between the salads and the entree, we've always had a small intermezzo course of fresh sorbet.  The flavor changes, but is a great palette cleanser regardless.  Entrees run the gamut from a couple fresh fishes, pork chop, and a (very tasty) buttermilk pan fried chicken.  The selection is well manicured so that just about anyone can find an option.  The even make a point to have at least one vegetarian entree option every night.  Even the vegetables that accompany the protein are artfully done.  Foodies will appreciate the detail that goes not only into each of these dish's components, but the way the flavors and matched together.I'm even a raving fan of their desserts.  These can change regularly, but you can count on at least one chocolate option and a cheesecake.  Everything is made from scratch and the portions are perfect for sharing.The staff works in a team approach, though your server is leading the effort.  Courses and delivery are expertly paced and everyone is very knowledgable about the menu and the bar.  I always feel very well taken care of.  We can never seem to leave here for under $50 a person, with a drink or two, but I never mind, the quality of the food and the service are on a plane above most of what you'll find around town.
4	Went here for restaurant week and enjoyed the 9 oz pork while my date had the Salmon. Both plates were prepared deliciously and the hot rolls they bring you are just delicious. The service was as expected of a higher end joint and the tables were cleared immediately after courses were completed. I was very satisfied with my experience here.
5	I've been looking forward to trying out Carpe Diem for quite some time, finally getting the chance over the weekend with a group of friends. You'll definitely want to be sure to dress up a bit as the decor and vibe is fancy, but although the crowd was a bit older, it wasn't stuffy. On to the food....We ordered the calamari appetizer, which was honestly so-so, but it started looking up very quickly after that. The warm rolls and soft butter they bring to the table was very good in combination with the goat cheese salad. The apricot jalapeno vinaigrette dressing was delicious and the three fried goatcheese balls with hazelnut crust were out of this world. You NEED to get this salad if you like goat cheese. For my main course I had the scallops, which were cooked to perfection. The portion is small (only three per order), but worked for me after the huge salad, bread, and calamari that I'd already eaten. We just had to try dessert, and the peach/raspberry cobbler with ice cream was just the ticket to round off a great dining experience. The service was very good, and the fare a bit pricey, but as a "special occasion" restaurant, this would make my short list. Parking on a Saturday night was a bit tough, but with the other restaurants on that street, it wasn't surprising. And I would definitely recommend making a reservation. Enjoy!
5	It'd only been~15 years since I last ate there - how dare they move?Twice?Graduation night dinner for #1 child - great intimate late supper with her and my the mother unit.Food was great, our server was gluten sensitive which really made ordering easy; look, I had wine and I don't remember much except for the fact that the food was tasty, the two ladies raved, and we didn't get sick.Minus a quarter star (thus retaining the 5 stars) for the dessert (a cocoanut cupcake with cream cheese frosting).  Our server couldn't vouch for it (since it was glutinous) and I should've trusted her.  It was okay, but didn't stand up to the rest of the meal.Oh wait - I remember that I had scallops and they were the cat's meow!Great ambiance; beautiful digs in a part of town that's apparently been fixed up since  we lived there and well trained staff.Oh this pic:http://media3.ct.yelpcdn.com/photo/tqLbF9fRSYY-MJqG_EVMfA/lhappened to be in the Men's Room; it's a picture of the restaurant from when I last went to it (right next to the First Union building where I worked).
4	We mentioned Yelp but did not get 10% off our ticket.  Our waitress had never heard of Yelp.  Anyhoo, dined at 7 pm on a Thurs. Evening- got right in, no reservations.  Casual elegance- pretty wooden arches and lighting- sat by a large window.  Not too stuffy- we were fine in jeans.  Soft music in background allows conversion to flow without shouting.  Family next to us dined with their happy,loudly talkative baby and no one minded her.  :).   We had our 10 year old daughter and 6 yo son with us. Everyone scarfed down the delish bread and butter.  Jack had fried chicken tenders and mashed potatoes- best any of us ever tasted!  Bella had shells with white sauce and real Parmesan on top- it was good, but the Parmesan is NOT from a bottle like it is at home, and she was not fond of it.  I suggest getting it on the side just in case your kids might agree w/her.  I got the goat cheese salad because it was so praised, only to discover I am not fond of warm balls of goat cheese.  I guess I am a cold goat cheese gal.  My hubby liked it, though.  The waitress was very attentive.  I tried To convince her my salad was okay, but upon her further questioning, I fessed up and said I wasn't a huge fan of it. My hubby loved his Salmon, even though it looked to be a small piece, he felt satisfied with it.  I got the veggie plate for my meal-  way too tangy for me, due to the glazes on them.  Told the busboy I was finished with almost a full plate left.  He tipped off the manager, who was concerned that I wasn't happy, and she offered me something else, but I was full on bread, salad, and sampling the kids' meals, so I declined.  She took BOTH off our bill, even though I had eaten all the salad, because I said I wasn't crazy about it.  We did share two desserts amongst the 4 of us.  The peanut butter pie was dense and rich, but not overly peanut-buttery.  My son doesn't like peanut butter but loved it!  Chocolate crepes were delish- homemade ice cream melts quickly though, so eat fast!  The ice cream was the best I've ever had.  I would definitely return and get fried chicken or another entree next time- the service and atmosphere are great!
5	Just visited my favorite place in charlotte for restaurant week an always carpe diem never disappoints.  The buttermilk fried chicken with yukon mashed potatoes, spinach and a saw mill black pepper gravy to melt in your mouth was to die for.  I cant forget the goat cheese salad with the lightly toasted goat cheese medallions and I didnt do the apricot jalapeno dressing, I wanted the blue cheese vinaigrette was mouth watering.  For desert I had the Oero chocolate mousse the chocolate was wonderful the oreo crust was fabulous, cant wait to go back, i see they have mon-Thur 1/2 price apps from 5-630 i'm gonna try that one evening. Try carpe  diem I promise you'll go at least once in a while :)
5	A wonderful cosy atmosphere with my daughters on Wednesday night.The staff were amazing and very friendly.Service was excellent and the food was delicious.This restaurant has lived up to its reputation and we cannot wait to come back.We shared the Indian Lentil Dip and Kabob Plate at the bar with a delicious New Zealand Wine. The Peppadew Peppers, which originally come from South Africa were a great addition to this dish!We moved to the very comfortable and elegant Dining Room where the food experience only got better!Warm Goat Cheese Salad, Vege Cake and The Scallops, were the perfect choices for the evening!Thank You Carpe Diem for the delicious food and the awesome dining experience.
4	This restaurant is always a joy. Since it's origins downtown, through the current evolution. The tuna appetizer was fantastic. Interrupted with the complimentary sorbet (peanut butter and banana this time) and the pork for main. Very friendly staff make for a great finish
5	Carpe Diem is one of my favorite places to go for a special evening, or just for a great cocktail at the front bar.  I've taken business colleagues, friends and my husband all for wonderful dinners.  The menus covers all palettes from steaks to vegetarian, and often does the specials.  Don't see how anyone can go wrong here.  It is a quieter restaurant, but easily handles groups and parties with reservations.  I'm making myself hungry to go right now!  By the way, I once had their homemade pumpkin gnocchi (it was a special) and it was terrific!
5	WOW!  This has got to be the best experience I've had dining in Charlotte.  From the service, the food, the drinks everything was just perfect.   Carpe Diem has been bookmarked on my yelp for awhile now I'm so glad I finally checked it out.  I had some good friends in town who are also big foodies and I really wanted to impress them - kind of a risk taking them somewhere I've never been myself...but life's about taking risks right?  It was 8:30ish on a Friday night and we had no trouble getting a table - when I walked in I was a little nervous that we were under-dressed and that the hostess might give us dirty looks but I was wrong...yes I think we were under-dressed but they treated us like queens.  Our server (I think her name was Shelly) was terrific she kept us entertained all night and gave us great suggestions for dinner.  We all started with some kick a_ _  dirty martini's seriously just ask to taste their olives they brine them and they are delicious.  Next up a fantastic cheese plate and Thai style carpaccio.  Carpaccio is one of my favorite dishes of all time I loved the way they prepared it here.  Next a fine bottle of Malbec and dinner time.We all made good choices I don't know who's dish was the best I opted for the pork dish it's a new addition to the menu it was a German dish with red cabbage, breaded pork, spaetzle, and a sunny side up egg sounds weird but every part of the dish worked.   The shrimp cous cous and mushroom bolognese were very tasty as well.I can't wait to go back this is definitely number 1 on my list of restaurants in the Queen City.
5	I went here for restaurant week and had an amazing experience!!!  First of all, the ambiance is awesome - cool back-lite vine and flower designs all around the bar area along with arch-shaped ceilings in the main dining room with crazy windy metal vines and flower lights.The service was perfect.  My water glass was never less than half full and all of the food arrived in a prompt, well timed order.  There was always someone there to check on us, but not in an intrusive way.The food was delicious!  The bread is fresh, warm, flaky on the outside, and soft on the inside.  I started with the hazelnut goat cheese salad which was amazing.  Then I had the fried chicken breast with mashed potatoes and spinach for my entree.  Apparently this is one of their most popular dishes, and I can see why.  The chicken was battered and fried to perfection and covered with a light, flavorful gravy.  The chicken was served on the mashed potatoes and wilted spinach.  Surprisingly, the dish did not feel heavy, like most fried chicken entrees.  I ended with the chocolate-carmel bread pudding for dessert - it was also awesome!  Nice and warm and gooey with a scoop of vanilla ice cream on top.The waitress told us about 1/2 off wine bottle and appetizer specials during the week - so I definitely will be going back to Carpe Diem!!!If you are looking for a quiet, romantic, intimate setting for a date, this is the perfect place!
5	Carpe Diem is a special place.  The interior looks like it's been there forever, maybe as some old, upscale law firm or church, but it's also updated and modern, and you spend the meal trying to figure out how to update your house to look exactly like this.  The prices signify that this will be a celebratory meal, but it also isn't too expensive that you couldn't just be celebrating a darn good Wednesday.  And the level and quality of service is impecable.Our waitress asked if we had somewhere we needed to be after dinner and if there was a certain time we needed to be out of there by - perhaps my date's tuxedo tipped her off?  Regardless, she kept us on schedule and (we realized when she brought it) had even tagged the check with our goal departure time.  As we left the restaurant, I looked at the clock and realized we were 5 minutes ahead of the time she wrote down; now that's service.With the stage set now for a great evening, the food doesn't disappoint.  My boyfriend and I each ordered the goat cheese salad, which had a surprisingly sweet and spicy kick from the jalapeno apricot dressing.  For our entrees, he got the duck, which was slightly pink, succulently juicy, and perfectly topping a mouthwatering sweet potato polenta.  Are you drooling yet?  I ordered the buttermilk fried chicken, and I almost proposed to it, it was that good.  There's no "if you love something, set it free" mentality here; I scraped up the last little tidbits with a smile on my face.  By the time dessert came, I could barely finish my chocolate caramel bread pudding, but I tried my best; although I was nearly married to the fried chicken, I'd consider taking the bread pudding as a lover.  Carpe the experience, and enjoy!
5	Fantastic meal with impeccable service and decor that would leave Alphonse Mucha green with envy.Confronted with a hunger and desire to take advantage of restaurant week, we showed up on a Friday night around 5 without a reservation and was--amazingly--able to get a seat at a small table in the bar area.Bread, service, and water came quickly from the attentive and friendly staff. After ordering we were attended to just the right amount: not too pushy, yet not absent.While enjoying the bread, which is fabulously fluffy on the inside and crispy on the outside, we soaked in the ambiance: romantically lite room, beautiful woodwork, and mesmerizing back-lit vines.For the first course, we shared two salads, the goat cheese  and the grilled grape. Both are fantastic. I particularly enjoyed the blue cheese vinaigrette on the grilled grape, which only hints at its blue cheese roots.Next, we had the (famous) buttermilk fried chicken and vegetarian cous cous. Again, both were wonderful. The chicken was slightly battered and fried, which was a refreshing contrast to to more traditional fried chicken. The cous cous is a cornucopia of veggies and, well cous cous, in a light tangy sauce that I couldn't get enough of. Both are highly recommended.Finally, dessert involved sharing a walnut and pecan pie (delicious, but I like my desserts like I like my chocolate--with chocolate) and a chocolate (yay!) bread pudding. The latter earned a paragraph unto itself.Through years of diligent research, I've reached the conclusion that many chocolaty cake desserts are a let down. They are either not moist enough, too sweet, not sweet enough, too much, or just not satisfying. Yet still, time after time, I trepidatiously order the chocolate whatever in hopes that somehow, this time would be different. Usually, I am let down. However, this time at Carpe Diem it was different: this was the perfect mix of chocolaty goodness delivered via an appropriately moist vehicle for facilitating the devouration (yes, I just made that word up) of said chocolatly goodness (the bread pudding). I realize my error has always been relying on the traditional 'cake' delivery method. No longer. If ever you get the chance, you need to devourate (oops, I did it again) this chocolate bread puddingIn a final note, there is the bar area and the official dining area. We actually preferred the bar area on account of the lighting and more intimate nature of the experience. Still, the dining area has beautifully crafted art nouveau woodwork, a flower centerpiece, and wonderful artwork. I would return just to admire the place.
5	One of three or four top restaurants in Charlotte. The food is excellent the room is pretty and I have never had anything but excellent service here.  When you are out to dinner and it is a special occasion or you do not want to risk ruining your evening by bad or indifferent service this is the place to go. A few other restaurants have great food but they fall down when it comes to service or decor. If you are impressing a member of the opposite sex you will not go wrong with starting your evening here. After dinner at Carpe Diem any failure to have a great evening or weekend is yours alone.
4	Nice place but the food isn't consistant. :( too bad because its a really nice place to have our date nights.
4	Very good and not overly stuffy. I enjoy this place.
5	Want to take your special date to a posh dinner? Dress fancy and get ready for a dining experience at Carpe Diem. I had to take Todd W's advice...goat cheese salad! The food was delicious! We ordered the cheese plate to start. It was proportioned well and the cream, the hard cheese, paired with the fruit and honey were just right. For the main entree, I ordered the vegetarian couscous and hubs got the veggie special of the day. Both were made fresh to order and I savored each bite. It was so good that even as full as I had become, I couldn't stop eating until it was almost gone. The wine list had plenty to choose from to make a nice pairing with your entrees as well. They try to source what they can from local farms and they make a menu to reflect what is fresh for the season.I love having a 2-hour dinner without feeling rushed; it makes me feel high class. The server was very nice and attentive, giving us time to enjoy the experience.Save your Benjamin's and when you're ready to splurge treat yourself to a night at Carpe Diem!
5	This is a follow up to an earlier review I wrote about this restaurant.  I recently ate here again and the experience was just as phenomenal as the first time.  The environment still reminds me of something from The Hobbit.  It is so unique and intimate feeling inside.  There is truly nothing like this place in way of atmosphere in all of Charlotte.  As you might imagine, the food is to die for.  That said, save room for dessert.  You have to try the creme brulee or something on the dessert menu anyway - it is all amazingly delicious!  That said, a few things I would I would highly recommend: make reservations since Carpe gets busy and plan out your parking strategy before you get there.  I really mean it about the parking because if you go on a day when it is busy, you will search and search for legal parking.  Nothing will spoil a night more than finishing a wonderful dinner only to discover you have a ticket or your car has been towed.  My car was safe on this visit - thank goodness.
5	This might be my new favorite restaurant in Charlotte. Tried it for the first time tonight. Absolutely outstanding!  Dinner started with the farmstead salad. Now, I'm not a big salad guy.  I usually nibble just to kill some time, but not this time.  This salad could have been my meal. It was delicious. For an entree I went with the pork chop.  Probably the best I ever had!  Juicy, tender and delicious.  My wife had the chicken dish, which I think is their specialty.  I took a taste and could see why.  I'm drooling just thinking back on it.  Again, juicy and delicious. Carpe Diem is a little pricey, but well worth it when you want a nice dinner.  The service was outstanding, and the place has a great atmosphere.
5	Yes, 5 stars for this wonderful restaurant. It's now one of my Charlotte favorites and I'd urge readers to seize the day (ok, had to say it!) and give my new fave a try.The atmosphere is lovely - white tablecloth service, beautiful oversized floral paintings/photos adorn the walls, polished wood throughout and faux flickering candles on the tables. A low murmur could be heard throughout the room but it was not overpowering (not a fan of noisy restaurants).The service is outstanding.  Attentive, smiling, helpful and friendly from the host staff to the wait staff.And the food?  Heavenly.  I went with a group of 6 and all were unanimous in praise of their meals.  Warm sourdough bread with sweet butter that melted in my mouth was a good place to start.  If you like goat cheese, you'll want to try the warm goat cheese salad with apricot jalapeno vinaigrette dressing. The goat cheese is encrusted in hazelnuts and the flavor and texture are outstanding.For an entree, I ordered the pork chop prepared medium (first time in years I've had a pork chop and I was a bit nervous to try).  Marinated in apple cider and grilled, served with a divine jalapeno and goat cheese cornbread pudding and carrots, this was a pork chop for the ages.  Oh my goodness...I'm serious here though a bit effusive.  It was really that good.  Even better was the cornbread pudding and some type of salsa verde on top that brought all the flavors of the meal together.  I would order it again were it not for my desire to try every other selection during my next visit.  Which will be very soon.Dessert selection was Belgian chocolate cake with a raspberry sauce.  This is my favorite combination of dessert flavors and it was quite good.I skipped my normal girlie martini so can't report on the skill of the barkeep here but the wine list had very good selections and thankfully I chose well on this evening.Enjoy great food?  Add Carpe Diem to your list!
4	Here for Queen's Feast this past week and it was a sound choice I must say.  From the very beginning you can tell this is a great date night spot and my girlfriend and I were given a nice little two person table to help complete that scenario perfectly.The food wasn't short of fantastic.  It was expertly prepared and plated very nicely upon presentation.  I was pretty impressed with all things, from the salad through the desert.  From looking over the menu I could tell this place has some very unique dishes that the chef staff has taken great care in putting together.The service was great also, very specific and friendly service really helped finish the entire dining experience.I will certainly be back to try it again.
5	Carpe Diem is one of those gems I wish I had discovered years ago.  It is on the pricy side, but boy, will you get out of there happy.  These people know how to serve the best food: The carpaccio was tender and defrosted to the right amount.  The hanger steak was cooked properly and to perfection.  And don't me started on the grilled grape salad.  I could go back just for that. They know their wines - the recommendation of the Spanish white was 100% spto on.  The service was impeccable and the place is gorgeous - decor, architecture and the location in the heart of Elizabeth Avenue.
5	Yelp brought us here, and it is as good as it gets!This restaurant lives up to all the great reviews it has garnered here on yelp.  Atmosphere is cozy, service is phenomenal!, and food was sooo great!  The goat cheese salad was to die for!  Entrees were so good, and so were the desserts.  It was a wonderful dinner and I definitely will come back.
5	A Gem!!! Arts & Crafts architecture, just right lighting...Started out a bit rocky by being seated at a 2 topper table in the doorway - where one diner would be knocked by all who entered and exited  the dining room. We had reservations so expected better.  We requested something else and were initially given a "..big wedding party in the back, all other tables taken..." type of story by the young hostess - with no real satisfaction to us. After we met our server Paige she was oh-so accommodating and suggested we could move to another table in a corner - which may be nosier since it was next to private room with wedding reception - ANYWAY, it all worked out FABULOUSLY. Paige was a dream, professional, personable, and efficient.  Food was fantastic, cocktails were potent and well crafted.  We will most definitely seize the opportunity to dine at CD when we get to Charlotte in the future. Go there Now - and enjoy!
5	I'm still wildly impressed with this restaurant.  They just can't seem to disappoint me they not only serve some of the best food in town but the people that work there truly make you feel welcome and I love that!.  After trying to decide where to take my guests out to eat Saturday night I decided I had to take them to Carpe Diem I just didn't want to try a new restaurant and risk being disappointed. Everything we ordered was perfect, a cheese plate to start with, and I went with the  $23 filet mignon special that was out of this world.  There are so many options on the menu to please any vegetarian or carnivore.  Just one more reason I love this place.
4	I dined at Carpe Diem during restaurant week with a group of 7 others.  The goat cheese salad featured some tasty onions and tart goat cheese, but the dressing was lacking in flavor and it definitely didn't live up to the expectation that several "yelpers" had set.  The salmon entree was spot-on, and the relish topping popped with incredible flavor.  Finally, the chocolate pudding was decadent and the perfect end to the meal.  My only complaint was the service.  Our waitress appeared to be in a less-than-enthusiastic mood from the start.  She rushed our drink orders within 30 seconds of being seated, required that we order appetizer, entree, and dessert all at once, failed to refill drinks, and then made errors on our receipts.  I love enjoying a fancy meal out, but there is simply nothing more frustrating than sub-par service.For more details, including pictures, you can read my complete review.http://trifoodiemd.blogspot.com/2013/01/carpe-diem-restaurant.html
3	My wife and I went there for the first time. My review will be kind of mixed so just hear it out first. We made reservations and when we got there they were right on top of things taking our jackets and had the table ready. What was kind of a downfall was it literally took us 20 mins just to place an order for drinks so with all that time we just went ahead and placed our orders as well. The bread and butter was pretty good. Our appetizer was the beef carpaccio, it was pretty good a different taste but not bad. I ordered the Pork Chop it was a good but nothing amazing. I wasn't blown away from it like everything states. My wife got the buttermilk fried chicken but she said it also wasn't anything amazing.For "fine" dinning the prices aren't bad and it is a nice place for a date night. Good spot and location. I don't know if I went in there with high expectations or not, but overall it was an ok spot nothing extremely amazing. But I would go back later on down the road.
4	Went here last night with my parents and while the whole meal was delicious, the blueberry cobbler was definitely my favorite part. I don't even like blueberries and I would eat that morning, noon and night if I could.
4	Had Valentines Day dinner here. The food was great. I had the grape salad first which was pretty simple but tasty. For my entree I had the filet of beef. It was delicious with a buttery cheese on top. Unfortunately, I wasn't too happy with my desert. I had the chocolate cake and it tasted kind of dry. But luckily I got to try the deconstructed coconut cake which was AMAZING!!! And the fried apple pie which was also good but the coconut was my favorite.
5	Carpe Diem is always excellent. Food, service and atmosphere all good. It's a nice place but not at all stuffy. Prices are fair for the quality. We've never been disappointed.
4	Excellent restaurant! The food was very good and the staff is wonderful. I definitely recommend the fried chicken dinner.
5	We received a BoGo coupon in the mail and tested this place out. We walked in and were surprised by how quiet and welcoming the atmosphere was. I ordered the Buttermilk Chicken Breast dinner and the meal was fantastic. One of the best chicken recipes I've had. Everything tasted like it was made from scratch.  I have no complaints and would certainly visit this restaurant again.
5	I made a reservation online though open table, something I thought we might need as it was restaurant week, although we weren't going for restaurant week. My husband wanted to treat me to a date night, and had been raving over their fried chicken for almost a year when we decided we would go. After looking at the restaurant week menu, we thought we would just go with the entree because I'm not into salads, and we knew we would be too full for dessert. The waitress brought out warm bread before we ordered, but the food came out so quickly we weren't able to finish the bread. We both ordered the fried chicken with yukon gold mashed potatoes, black pepper gravy, and spinach. Not really being a big fan of spinach I asked for mine on the side. Surprisingly I did eat some of it when it came out, it was actually pretty good. For my taste I would have liked more salt, but they only have pepper on the table. The fried chicken is boneless, a huge plus in my book. The gravy is also white gravy, and not brown gravy, which is also another plus. The mashed potatoes were great, some lumps but more smooth, perfect. Overall we had a great time. Once we sat down at our table we were out in 45 minutes, super fast, great service. **Just a note we had reservations for 5:30 but wanted to have a drink at the bar beforehand. They only open at 5, so we didn't have much time to sit. If ordering a drink, best to go with something simple like a liquor plus a mixer. Keeps the price down.
4	Service was great. Waitress was friendly. Had fried chicken and a filet. I thought the filet was over priced for  quality of meat received. The fried chicken was delicious and I would recommend to anyone. Overall a good experience.
5	An old standby that actually sources their food. Very upscale for the price, friendly service, but most importantly fresh and local cuisine. Always on my go to list!
4	I had my birthday dinner here a few years ago. There were about 8 of us. The staff was extremely accommodating. The atmosphere is classy, without being pretentious. Based on the crowd and the decor,  I imagine this place would be great for happy hour too.   The food was good. I had the scallops, which were pretty standard. But a few people let me sample their entrees. The pork chop and the fried chicken were very good.  This is a great place to celebrate a special occasion.
5	I'm not one to dish out five stars for just any restaurant, but Carpe Diem is definitely deserving.  The fella and I made reservations for a Saturday at 6:45 and stopped by an hour early to have a pre-dinner drink at the bar.We walked in and were promptly greeted by the hostess and manager.  We grabbed a seat at the semi-circular bar; the fella ordered his usual dirty martini with Tito's Vodka, and I had a specialty cocktail that I can't remember the name of, but it was like a gin and tonic with cucumber, which made it even more refreshing.  Our bartender was engaging without being omnipresent, and after about 20 minutes, more people started to filter into the bar area, which was cozy - there were not only stools at the bar, but also comfy looking loveseats and chairs around the perimeter - and almost had a Tuscan feel.After our drink, we moved into the dining room and got the best seat in the house!  There's one table in almost a cubby hole with curtains that I guess you could close if you wanted, and it's an awesome seat.  Even more awesome was the food.  We got the beef carpaccio to start ($10), and I loved the mustard and capers gave it just enough tang without being too spicy, and the ciabatta bread was a perfect accompaniment.  For dinner, I got the pork tenderloin ($25) with fried plantains - the entire reason I got the dish - and BBQ baked Sea Island peas.  Now, I hate regular peas, but these had some sweet onions mixed in, and I ate every bite of food on my plate.  The fella got the Scottish salmon ($25), and he said it plus the scallion-ginger relish on top was pretty darn delicious.  We checked out the dessert menu, but we were too stuffed to try anything.  Also, our waitress was very nice and down to earth and came over the perfect amount of times to check on us without being annoying.So, not only was the food amazing, but the atmosphere is also right up my alley - it's good food without being too snooty.  We, like a lot of other customers, were in nice jeans, but it certainly didn't feel like it was fancy.  If you wanted to dress up, that'd be fine, and if you wanted to be a little more casual, that'd be fine, too.  We can't wait to go back.
3	went here while in town visiting family. I had the meza plate with hummus, pita, falafel, and veggies. the hummus was good, the pita had some strange spice mixture..it was slightly sweet, and the falafel was unlike any falafel I had ever had. it had a really weirs flavor to it. overall pretty disappointing.
5	We used Carpe Diem to cater our wedding, and it they were nothing short of outstanding.  Bonnie is amazing to work with - she is unbelievably creative with her cooking, and really helped us to get the exact experience we wanted.  Our guests all raved about how great the food was, which was really important to us as foodies.Every time we've come here as diners, the experience is just as good.  The only time it wasn't to the nine's was during restaurant week, when (like most establishments) they are extremely rushed.  Definitely give this place a try, it's 100% worth it.
4	Great service and a nice but relaxed space.  The food was creative and interesting.  I tried the salmon special, which was cooked to melt-in-your-mouth perfection.  It's fairly pricey, but I would recommend giving it a shot for a nice occasion.
2	I had high hopes for this place. Maybe it was because it was restaurant week, but I was not impressed. The only good thing I have to say is the wine I had was excellent. Our waiter was lacking and did not explain the menu or specials. I had the goat cheese salad and it was good, but did not blow me away. We we're suppose to get the sorbet between courses to cleanse our palate but it seems he forgot to bring it. When the main course finally came I had to ask for a knife and he seemed to have forgotten who ordered what, so there was a lot of shuffling of plates. I got the trout and again I was not impressed. Dessert was the same, nothing special. Maybe this place is good when it's not restaurant week but I am not sure if it's worth the price.
5	We are from Ohio.  I first made a reservation here back in October when I was looking for a nice place to have our anniversary dinner.  It did not disappoint.  Everything was wonderful.  From the moment we walked in the door and were greeted by the hostess, then we moved to the bar to have a drink before dinner and had a very nice conversation with the bartender.  When we were seated at our table we were greeted by a very friendly busboy who filled our water glasses and asked how we were.  Finally the service was outstanding.  Since we are both from up north we had never had grits, so our server brought us out a sample to try and they were excellent.  We both ordered the specials.  Being a vegetarian I was impressed, not only with the selections on the menu, but they also had a vegetarian special.  Everything was amazing.  It was a wonderful evening.  We just recently went back in February and it was just as good the second time around as the first.  Everyone is so friendly and professional and the food is out of this world.  I would highly, highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a nice, quiet place to have a delicious meal.
5	Carpe Diem catered our wedding for us this past April (I'm a little late on the review...). We wanted half Indian and half Southern cuisine.  Although they had never done the Indian cuisine before, it was fantastic!  In fact, all of the food was fantastic (including the several desserts they provided for us!).  Bonnie was always extremely professional, on top of everything and we never had to stress about how the catering would turn out.  We still have wedding guests raving about the food at our wedding.  I would highly recommend them for any event you need catered, you will receive the best service and quality food.
4	Had the salad special, the duck and the souther julip.  Bartender was really good.  They do not have draft beer, but they do offer craft beer in bottles and cans.The salad special was really tasty; all ingredients were super fresh and complemented each other very well.The duck was good, but the portion/slices were too big/thick for my tastes after having the salad and bread, but that's probably more specific to me than others.  My compatriots had the scallops which looked amazing.Service was fine.  I kind of wish I had ordered the chicken instead, as I've heard amazing things about it, but I couldn't see how that baby would fit with everything else I'd consumed that day.  It looked GOOD from what I saw at other people's table's though!
4	Excellent spot in great area! The Food was very good and the prices were moderate. Service was good as well. Try to Fried Chicken Breast entree, delicious. Hanger Steak left a little to be desired though, but overall good choice. I would recommend.
4	I found out about this fine dining spot from a gift certificate I was given. Come dressed in your Sunday best and be prepared for some really good eats. Service was on point from the moment you walk in. My husband and I had dinner reservations so we were immediately seated. It was not crowded and the noise level was overall on the quiet side. I highly recommend getting their Prince Edward Island Steamed Mussels. It comes with ciabatta bread slices that you can dip into the mussel sauce for an extra treat. So much flavor and just the right amount to share where it won't get you full to enjoy your main entree. For dinner I had the Seared Sea Scallops and my husband ordered their Grouper special. Both dressed and plated French cuisine-style (small portions) so at first you're thinking, OMG this is it for so much $$$?! But we were both SO FULL, it was actually plenty to eat. To end the meal we chose the coconut cake with pineapple mango gelato which had a little kick of spice. The cake alone was incredible but paired with the gelato, DYNAMITE. Will definitely be ordering a full size of this cake with gelato for upcoming big parties we will host. This spot is perfect for a date or an intimate celebration.
5	Had the kale caesar to start and the buttermilk fried chicken (like apparently the majority of customers). The salad was very good and the dressing not too overwhelming. I especially how the made the substitute with kale, as it adds a good satsifying crisp to the taste. They gave a strawberry shorbet between the appetizer and entree as to clean the palette.The buttermilk fried chicken was amazing. I've never had fried chicken at a fine dining establishment and it was a very refreshing experience. I'm from the East Coast so I might not have the most reliable comprehension of what the best fried chicken is but it was ridiculously good. The batter was very smooth and thin. The meat itself was very tender and had a distinct juicy flavor which went perfectly with the light gravy that came with it. I wish I could remember it honestly. Writing this review made me so hungry that I had to stop in the middle to eat something. Anyway, the waitress mentioned how the restaurant is owned by two sisters for a very long time and one of them does all of the baking. Next time I'll have to try the dessert.
3	Decent food.  No desire to go back for a second try.  Salad was good but the fried chicken is very bland.  I don't know why the place is supposedly known for fried chicken but it does not even break my top 10 for fried chicken.  I'm from the south and know fried chicken.  It was tender but very, very bland.
1	I cannot believe this place exists! How is it competitive in Charlotte?The flavors are absurdly overdone: super salty, super sweet, and conflicting in that they pair savory with super sweet and drown it all out.I may have an answer: the place is filled with the elderly. Maybe it's "The Walking Dead" tongues. Seriously, the youngest person there was in their early 50's. It's like a "speak-easy" for the rich elderly...it just keeps afloat by a secret handshake that acknowledges you are in a terrible place but you can be old there without the riff-raff.Also, it is terribly expensive for the low quality they are putting on the plate. Even the drinks are super sweet.AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
5	Beautiful interior, excellent service, divine food.  That is all that I really need to say.  However, there are mentionable aspects that set this restaurant apart from others.Carpe Diem is the quintessential date night restaurant.  It features romantic lighting, a carved ceiling and large paintings of flowers.  What could be sexier than that?  We had reservations and were seated immediately.  There were several nice wine selections by the glass, and, although they were pricey, they gave you a darn good pour.  In fact, one glass each took us through dinner.We were brought the most delicious bread with butter.  I rarely eat bread, but when I sampled theirs, I ate one and a half pieces.  Bad girl!I was pleased to see that they featured Anson Mills products on their menu.  And, even more delighted with the offerings of vegetarian and vegan selections. They even had a vegetarian special for the night.  How thoughtful!I did  order that vegetarian special.  It was a tart with a whole grain crust, covered with tomatoes, asparagus, cheese and a perfectly cooked over easy egg.  Phenomenal!  My date ordered the Anson Mills rice grits dish that featured their sea island red peas and Gouda cheese.  He chose the mushroom option instead of the shrimp.  Again, a stellar dish.  A five star rating seems skimpy with this kind of quality.  I rate them an entire solar system!
5	Hands down some of the best seared scallops I've ever had. Wife had the fried chicken which I also tasted, and it too was really good. Have been living here for years and don't know how we missed this place. Mike, our server, was spot on in all of his recommendations. We'll be back.
4	This place has real good ambiance. Went for a valentine date to this place last year with prior reservation. We tried the fresh squid in the appetizers and they were great. Personally I am a big fan of calamari. They were well fried and crisp. The side sauce served with squids were nice. We had the Buttermilk Fried Chicken Breast and the Mountain Trout which was the catch of the day in seafood. We had a lovely evening. The service was great and our server provided us good information on the catch of the day. This place is definitely a $$$
5	Beautiful!  Romantic!  GREAT Service!  Fantastic FOOD!  Impress a Date or Client!  Funny, I have Never taken a Date here yet!  So it is a nice place to take a MaleFriend and have a quiet Dinner!  Not as Pricey as you would think for the Total Experience!Beef is usually what I want here and I have tasted many of the other dishes my Friends have ordered... Entrees are Meals (not a la carte) and a VALUE for the Quality! Potato (dish) many different ones, sometimes a Potato Pasta... One time we got here so early (5:00 PM) the Chef had not decided what he was going to do and let us decide... (Thin Cut Fries... YES!!!) this is a Funny place to order Fries I know and though they were good, I would rather the Chef use his Ideas, Imagination, Recipes or the internet over mine!Salad Dressings are so good it is hard to choose! I have enjoyed them ALL!Food here is Better than Del Frisco's (I will NOT be reviewing Del Frisco's) I have eaten at both in the Same Week!  The Sauces here are better than "The Palm"!  Value, Service and Desserts Here is better than Both!!!
