2	I've visited this restaurant on various occasions. Food's always tasty but service is unfriendly, and below average. Doesn't even matter if you're dressed up like a basketball player, an Italian designer, or like a movie star: result will always be the same: a snobbish atmosphere, an attitude problem...Last time (just a few weeks ago) my guest & I decided to check out the menu. Several people were obstructing the menu glass window, so I asked kindly the hostess to show us the menu. She threw one at us with an ironic facial expression, then turned her back to us and started whispering something to her colleagues, then they all looked back at us and chuckled... Felt like they were looking at a bunch of clowns (us).. We were stunned; we are not funny looking people. Didn't know what else to do, so we just left.Hope your experience will be better! If you can pass through the initial hurdle (and if you get approved by the host or hostess) then I guess you will savor great Italian specialties, and your mood will be intact. Good luck!
4	Sitting "outside" in the courtyard, drinking in the soothing operatic sounds of the entertainers and enjoying fine italian wine...no better way to end our time in Vegas.  Then our server Christopher walks up and we remember we are in the middle of the desert, and Christopher is clearly pissed about being stuck in Venice.The food, the atmosphere, the time spent at the table was great...our service sucked.  If you can look past the possibility of cranky pants not refilling your coffee for an hour then you can have a great time.  I had the Osso Bucco, and it was outstanding.
2	Its ok.  We ended up with reservations here because Onda was closed during our visit.  (Booooo)  I wasn't really impressed with the food.  It wasn't poor quality it just wasn't good Italian food.  I have pretty high standards for Italian food (I'm from NY and have many many Italian family members and friends) and it takes a lot to impress me.  The service was great, the location in the Venetian is great too.  There happened to be a lot of weddings when we were there so we got to watch them doing all their pictures which was fun for my friend and I.  (I dont' think our husbands were that interested though....)  I was, however,  impressed with the diversity of champagnes and sparkling wines on their menu.    There are just so many options in Vegas I don't think we'll return here anytime soon.
2	Service moves pretty slowly here, so I was hungry by the time our food arrived and was ready to dig into my big plate of gnocchi with lamb ragu. Imagine my surprise when, instead of settling on the table in front of me, the gnocchi went sailing to the floor, splattering the back of my cream colored shirt with red sauce along the way.These things happen and I understand that. But I would have expected a real apology and some form of make good from our huffy waiter, who acted genuinely upset with me for being in the way of my falling food. So I waited for a new plate of gnocchi to arrive and enjoyed the group's company. After we paid our $1500 bill, I walked over to my waiter and quietly asked if there was anything he could do for my shirt.  Here I'm thinking maybe $80 towards a new shirt, a comped bottle of their mediocre house red or even $10 to get the shirt cleaned properly. Guess what I got? A towel with some soda water and a little more attitude.This incident notwithstanding, we had a fine meal Canaletto. But overall I'd agree wholeheartedly with previous reviewers: the ambiance here is pretty good, the food here is fine, the service poor and overall the prices are about 3x what they should be for this experience. If you're going to drop $100 or more per person for dinner, there are dozens of great options to choose from in Vegas... and I just can't see putting this place on the list.
5	A for Ambience.A+ for FOOD.4,5 stars for the rating but I'm rounding up because I feel like it, and because I can.The Risotto..... oh, that damned Risotto, I can't stop thinking about that Risotto.  Bursts of flavor... mushrooms, saffron. whatever -  a perfect risotto, I think could eat pots full of this stuff for years.We also had a sea bass dish - - flavorful, and cooked perfectly -  tender and absolutely fresh.  Yum.Their fresh mozzarella and tomato was .... well, it was good, but keep in mind that the tomato is baked, and the mozzarella is melted on, unlike the regular fresh mozzie you'd expect.  I prefer it the other way, but it tasted good nonetheless.We sat out on the patio, eating under the pseudo-but-wonderfully-bright Venice skies, surrounded by gorgeous architecture and statues, not to mention the Italian melodies that floated through the air, assisted by the great acoustics at the Venetian Grand Canal area.... We were on a major timecrunch as we had to leave for the airport in 45 minutes.  This was to be the last meal during this particular Vegas trip.  We were assured we'd leave in time, we sat down to order, and our server was attentive enough to be good, but also left us alone to eat.  The food came out quickly, though I am not sure if this is because we made it clear were in a rush, and it was served percfectly.We even had time left for coffee, but as is the case in the whole damned hotel - - the coffee leaves much to be desired.  Blech.  I swear, I say it again and again, that is the only bad thing about the Venetian.  BLECHY COFFEE.We were surrounded by people on dates, early dinner meetings, as well as families with many, many children.  Canaletto's is one of those places that is appropriate for any age group, for any purpose, however formal or casual.Oh, and the bread... with great olive oil.... ahh.Did I mention the freakin' RISOTTO????????  Holy smokes........
3	Torn between two and three stars, but I'll go with three stars.  The food was fine but not great, and given all of the great places to eat in Vegas...  I was with a large bachelorette party, so they were able to take all of us (which is huge) and we had a private room.  We had a pre-set menu, so we had a limited selection.  I found my salmon to be a little overdone, but considering that they had to get 25 meals out at the same time, they did a pretty decent job.Canaletto is a great place for a large party.  There is a big bar upstairs that is a great place to have pre-dinner cocktails and a few private rooms for dining.
4	Disclaimer:  I had 5 shots of vodka about 15 minutes before eating here.  Yes, that means I was drunk at dinner.  Don't judge me.  =)Beautiful restaurant!  Located in the Venetian, we sat outside the restaurant under the fake-lit up sky.  It's right by the gondolas and the gelato stand.  What I CAN remember from dinner was a very friendly waiter who apparently was so impressed with my "graci" that he asked if I spoke Italian.  "Why yes of course!  You just heard it!".  He also brought us two delicious bottles of wine that of course I don't remember.  The other girls in my party raved about it.  The other detail I remember was the ravioli.  Man alive were they delicious!!  I also remember 6 girls, $30 each.  Sa-WEET!So with our bellies full, we took some pics, the bride had the gelato and the it was time for some...entertainment.
4	Had my wedding reception lunch here.  Service was gruff (maybe in effort to make this restaurant seem more authentically Italian) but the food was tasty.  They did butcher my wedding cake when it came time to cut it up.  Pieces went flying all over the place and the some plates looked like the cake explode all over it.  All in all, I am 75% satisfied with this place.  If I were paying more attention, and not, you know, so focused on working the room, that percentage number might have been a little bit lower.
1	So far they're only succeding in pissing me off.  I'm trying to plan a large event here and have been emailing and calling for two weeks with very little response.  If you don't want my business, just say so and I'll move on.  Mmmkay?
5	I had dinner with my friend at Canaletto, and they were very gracious. First we changed our reservation, which was okay. Then we arrived 30 mins early, and they seated us immediately anyways. Then we just wanted to order just the Prosciutto e Melone and some champagne and enjoy the atmosphere, which made our waitress nervous, but she took our dinner order after we finished our appetizer.Anyhow, sitting outside is perhaps your best bet at this restaurant. It's like sitting in a very fake St. Marks Square with no pigeons and no Italians. However, the trick in the illusion is to drink several glasses of vino and suddenly Venice is everywhere!I ordered the Gnocchi which was delicious and my friend has some mushroom ravoli cream sauce special which was also damn good.But the best part of our meal was the SGROPPINO. At this point in the meal, I was drunk as F**K and couldn't bear the thought of another drink. But once this dessert hit my lips, I literally yelped "OMG."It's lemon sorbet with vodka, champagne and a tiny bit of finely ground espresso on the top. I could just drink five of them in a row and call it dinner.If only I could be in Venezia for reals.
3	Yet another group meal that I hosted while I was in Vegas for our convention.  Canaletto is convenient being right near the escalators that go down to the meeting room portion of the Venetian.Now what made this place stand out to me was the service.  Right off the bat, the hostess was very accommodating when I told her that I didn't know any of my dining companions and could I wait somewhere that she could send them since it was a little early for my reservation.  She sat me at my table right away and then sent my party over to me.  Our waitress was super friendly and knew just how much attention to give us.  She suggested entrees for everyone based on some of their likes and dislikes.We all started with either the house salad or the minstrone soup.  The soup was really good.  The salads also looked really nice.  I was excited for my meal when I started off with soup this tasty.For lunch I had the seafood risotto and I really wanted to like it.  But it was just not all that good.  It was kind of salty and the shrimp were overcooked.  The risotto itself was rather bland, with no real outstanding flavor.  I should have gotten the canneloni as one of my dining partners did because she loved every bite.  The two mahi mahi specials were also well liked.We were too full for dessert so we had to pass, but the capuccino was really nice.  This is a good place to stop by for lunch if you're having meetings in the Venetian like we were, but I don't think I'd go out of my way to come here.  It really turned out to be your basic, Olive Garden type Italian food.
3	Bleck.  Bleck and Bleck again.The only redeeming thing this restaurant has in my estimation, is it's location.  It is in a lovely spot...smack in the middle of the faux St. Marco's Square near the gondolas...so you DO get that "I feel like I'm in Italy" thing while siting under the painted ceiling.However, with that said...we just went for drinks.  It said to seat yourself so we did just that but then it took quite awhile to just get a damn menu. Then we ordered, and yes, it could be our fault for the choice...a Chianti.  It was just so-so.  The service was overly slow on all fronts....I think it would probably "do" if in a pinch but I think there are far better places to try in the Venetian...namely Zeffirino.
3	A month before arriving in Vegas for a friend's 30th bday, I called the restaurant even coordinator and reserved a private dining room for 10-12 ppl. Our numbers were flexible but so was the coordinator. We did not have to the the standard pre fixe menu or give a definitive number until 2 days before the dinner. When we checked in for dinner, the hostess did NOT walk us up to our room and neither did any of the other 2 hosts. Instead she directed us to walk down the hallway, turn left, and go up the stairs. That was such BAD service. How was I supposed to know which of the 4 dining rooms was for us? Luckily, I chose the right room. The room itself was very nice and had a view of the plaza below. You could enjoy being in a Disney-fied Italy.However, things got better when our waiter arrived. He was friendly, helpful, and fun. He provided great choices for wine and made us feel welcome. As for the food, it's not okay but not great. The bread is delicious, the pasta decent, the lamb and seafood cooked well. However, the espresso was strong and flavorful.I would have given 4 stars if someone had walked us up to our room.
5	This is basically Il Fornaio - it is run by the same company. I reserved for about 15 there for a bachelorette dinner. They gave us a private room overlooking the piazza for which they did not charge us extra, and it was just beautiful. We cocktailed, dined, wined and desserted with appetizers and with a generous tip it was less than $40 a person. You couldn't find treatment like this in many cities.
3	This place has it's pluses and minuses.  The food is great.  I had this amazing ravioli dish that had pears and asparagus with cream sauce.  I think my boyfriend had the cannelloni.  Anyways, the wait staff was a little sluggish that night.  They brought our food out but had my boyfriend's order wrong.  Instead of cannelloni, he got a salmon dish which we asked to take back.  So we had to wait for his dinner to come out.  :(  For the amount we paid, I think we should have gotten better service.  At the end of the night, our waiter was standing watching the game instead of making sure our check was closed out.  We had to wave him down.  Oh yeah.....dessert was fabulous.All in all food was good but service needs improving.  Atmosphere was romantic and sweet.
2	I was pretty disappointed with this restaurant.  It's much better on paper than in actuality.  It sounds nice to eat overlooking the Venetian canal, but like the entire hotel, it's really quite bothersome hearing the voices of countless tourists echoing off the high ceilings.  The service is somewhat slow, and the quality of the food simply doesn't justify the price.  I have had better Italian food at Bucca di Beppo!  Gnocchi with Lamb Ragout--tastes like glorified Chef BoyardeeCalamari--cold, and pretty rubberyCod appetizer over polenta--too salty, uninspired, and somewhat blandSalad with pears, blue cheese, arugula & pomegranite dressing--couldn't taste the pomegranite, just tasted a little oily.  Pears were kinda mushy too.I have been to Il Forniao, and this is markedly worse.The restaurant next door--Il Postrio-- is yards better (granted, it's also more expensive).
4	Simply put - Very nice view of the Grand Canal, so-so service and delicious food.
3	This place is okay.  The nice thing, first of all, is that it is open fairly late on Sunday - this is when we went.  I ended up having a cesar salad and their rissoto.  Okay, the salad was quite tasty, but the rissoto was "eh".  And the crazy thing is that I love rissoto.  We actually went here only because Postrio was closed.  This place isn't god awful, I just don't see myself coming here again.
4	I came here right after the BMG show.  One good thing about the place is that it's open late and has a lot of seating.  It's also in a prime/beautiful location right smack in the middle of St. Marks square.I've been to Postrio on a previous trip (which shares these same benefits) but I enjoyed the food much more at Canaletto.  I didn't read yelp reviews before I sat down (but now I have Yelp Mobile ;) on my blackberry) but I can say I would have shared similar thoughts after seeing the menu.  Besides the risotto (which I tend to consistently order at restaurants) none of their other items reached out to me.  If they did, they were the seafood items at a pretty heavy cost.  I was looking for a decent-priced and relaxing meal...not an exorbitant crustacean one :).Maybe it was just my luck, but when the waitress informed us of the special of the day I let out a sigh of relief.  Not only did it sound great (shrimp+crab+bass+halibut pasta) but it was as cheap as the lowest priced dish on the normal menu.  Both this and the risotto were fantastic!  It's weird giving a thumbs up, and using the random "special of the day" as an argument for it.  However, after the taste and preparation of my meal, I had a lot more faith that any of their other items on the menu would be just as well-prepared and thought out.I uploaded pics of both my entrees!
4	Good place for lunch. We went a couple times on our business trip and they were very accommodating with splitting up the bill between x amount of people. We sat in the patio on the "street" both times. It is a nice atmosphere and they present the food really well. Plus they make zabaglione :) Like most of Vegas, it isn't the most amazing thing in the world, but definitely good for the area.
4	FOOD - 4.5 starsSERVICE - 3 starsATMOSPHERE - 4.5 starsOVERALL - 4 starsWent here for dinner for a friend's bachlorette party while staying at the Venetian.  We sat at a table for 8 and ordered 5 plates to share.  I can't remember the names of the plates but they were all different types of pasta.  Food was great!  Where we were seated was great as well, on the "outside" part of the restaurant overlooking the canal and the blue sky (at 9pm).  Ohhhh Vegas.. =)Our server was...weird.  He was an old man who kept on talking to us (all young girls dolled up for the fancy evening) instead of taking our orders.  Finally he took our orders and kind of gave us a look like, "that's all you're going to order??" Anyway, the food was good.  I don't know about the bread that came with our meals though.  I've had better bread at the Olive Garden.
4	The fam and I ate lunch at Canaletto our first day in Vegas.  We had a table "outside", which is actually inside, but is made to appear as if you are in San Marco square (minus the dirty pigeons, per my sister).  As mentioned by a previous Yelper, Canaletto is owned by Il Fornaio, so if you like them, you should enjoy Canaletto.  Everyone in my family really enjoyed their meals.  I ordered the vermicelli con marinara.  Unfortunately, I was wearing a cream colored cami and my navy Max Studio dress.  Marinara and light colored tops do not mix.  Since long strands of pasta are notorious sauce splashers I asked the waiter if I could sub a rigatoni or penne pasta instead.  No problem he informed me.  That is one of the signs of a restaurant that makes customer service a priority.  Stars for you Canaletto!One of my sisters had artichokes stuffed with crab and the other one had a risotto with shrimp.  Brother had pizza margherita.  Mom and dad each ordered some sort of meat, but I don't recall specifics.  Everyone thoroughly enjoyed their meals.One of the really fun things about this restaurant, particularly eating on the patio, is the people watching.  You can see some mighty interesting people traipsing around the square.  Makes for some interesting lunch time topics of discussion.
3	It was dinner time and we were walking around the venetian looking at every restaurant menu to see what we wanted.  we ended up with canaletto, the dishes sounded good with reasonable prices.  It's a crowded place inside the Venetian. There's "outdoor" seating and indoor seating.  We sat indoors because it was a 45 minute wait for a party of four outside.  We took the next available because of our hunger.We started with the calamari.. Which was bad.. A little stale textured and not tasty.  Although, there was complimentary bread plate for the table, which had little rolls and slices of different breads, which was good.I got a plate which included grilled salmon(1)  seabass(1)  prawns(1)  and scallops(2) with lemon, herb, some garlic and butter, which came  with a little bit of string beans and carrots and one grilled polenta.  It was really small pieces but i ate the whole plate and my stomach  was very satisfied and not too full.  Left some room for some gelato  ( which I will be yelping right after this).We were celebrating a birthday so we told our waiter and he was very  good about bringing it out right after dinner. They brought out a  square slice of tiramisu for the birthday celebrant. Which I approve,  the tiramisu was very good, not overwhelming with the alcolhol.  The waiter had also comped the tiramisu, as he should, because it's a beeday.The service was okay.All in all.. i'll give it another shot!
4	As another Yelper wrote, its basically an Il Fornaio.  The setting is beautiful within the Venitian Hotel and Casino.  We sat outside under the "blue sky" at 10pm.  I think its a fun way to enjoy dinner. Since the setting is supposed to be in italy, its got a fun feeling like you really are outside.Ive been a couple times and its usually great.  Last time however the waiter was very short with us, no smiles and just a hint of rudeness. Without him, the setting was good, food was nice, and the drinks were the best!  Wine, esperesso and Zambuca!
4	Food: 4 star - I'm a fan. (See picture I uploaded) Service: 3 star - a OK My friend and I had a reservation in Canaletto for dinner. We requested to be sit somewhere inside that can still overlook "St. Mark's Square". When we arrived, there was a little line to the host but everyone was turned down and left. I was glad we made reservation because we were immediately brought to our table. The restaurant was crowded on a week night. We ordered the Fettuccine with pork and mushroom, and the Frittura de pesce misto. The Waiter seemed like he was not happy when we did not order any wine. The dishes arrived on beautiful plates. The fettuccine was not on the online menu but it was the best I had. It did taste homemade because it was chewy. The sauce was very good which was not too heavy or light, just the right texture. Pork and mushroom were cooked in perfection. This was a great dish. We should not have ordered the Fritture de pesce misto. The deep fry seafood was in large portion and too much to be shared between two people. There was only one or two scallop and too many calamari. I liked the fry smelts and this dish would probably be ideal if there were more people to share. I would definitely come back for more paste when I visit Vegas another time.
4	I came here for lunch and food was good. I got the creamy pasta dish which was really good! The bacon compliments the dish and I almost finished it all. Our server was really nice to our large group. She also gave me a free tiramisu for my birthday!
4	Had my rehearsal dinner here. Great though standard Italian food for a good price. And, you cannot beat the setting - right of the "Grand Canal" in the Venetian and in sight of the singers and street performers in "St. Mark's Square." Also, catering manager Kelly is wonderful - very easy to work with, prompt and made sure my guests and I were comfortable and happy.
4	I chose this restaurant to celebrate my 31st birthday and I was not disappointed.  I am glad that I made a reservation as this place is always busy and many people are turned away due to demand.  The location is great as it overlooks the Grand Canal in The Venetian.  The wine list is excellent and the menu does not appear to have anything bad on it.  Each person in our party of four ordered something different and everything I tasted was yummy.  Our waiter was pleasant and efficient.  I even got a free piece of cake for my birthday.
1	I really wish I took pictures of the food to show how bad it was. I ordered their pizza (yes pizza) and it was not only cold, but soggy too. Frozen pizza literally tastes better than what I ate. The other people around me ordered pasta type dishes and it was really bad too. This restaurant doesn't even deserve any more time from my review, so I'll just end it by bluntly saying, THIS PLACE SUCKS!!!(oh wait, lets not forget the rude waiter in the pony tail, whatever your name is. bad food and bad service, hmmm great combination ehh...)
4	Make a little side trip over there every time from Wynn for a little lunch and Chianti - no fava beans. A little hokey but hey it is FLV. Service is always good, food is consistent and good, nothing "great" but it is a fun place to go. Best part is catching some "wedding" going on. The walk of death to the bridge, LOL. What a hoot to see a wedding in the middle of all the tourists. Just one time I'd love to see someone yell -NOOOOOOOOOOOOO, DON'T DO IT. If your in the Venetian, it's worth a couple of bucks and some time to manga!
3	Ah, dining outdoors at the Venetian: where concrete canals meet robins' egg blue plastered skies with the sounds of "I do" echoing eerily throughout the 'Square'.  You're in Vegas so trust me, you don't want to sit outside anyway.Canaletto is what it is. Decent food and interesting atmosphere that costs more than it actually delivers. I've been here a few times and by Vegas standards its not too expensive. However I certainly wouldn't pay $9 for a small dinner sized salad at home, especially given that they were pretty skimpy on the blue cheese. But I've never watched anyone get married at my local Italian restaurant, so....I would absolutely dine here again....sharing a bottle of wine, app and a salad make for a restful break before hitting the real outdoors again.
4	After walking throughout the Venetian and checking out St. Marks Square near the Gondola ride we came upon Canaletto...  The "outdoor" patio (in the faux outdoor square but still cool) sucked us in to look at the menu and the spaghetti with maine lobster preeeeettty much sealed the deal with me haha.  We made reservations on the spot for 2100 and came back later after we had got dressed up.Fresh baked bread with oil & balsamic vinegar to start it off and some wine for the lady and agua for me (don't drink wine really).  The girl serving us was super preggo but really nice and on the ball.I got that Spaghetti with Maine Lobster and it was gooooooooood... nom nom.  Spaghetti was really buttery but feck it... it was good man - I'll just run an extra mile ;)   Girl got a chicken breast that had some spicy honey mustard kind of stuff but was good, I think she thought it was mediocre.Skipped dessert actually but the price was fair for nice dining in Vegas.  My lobster thing was $37 and with 2 wine glasses for the girl and nice tip I got out for about $110.  Not bad for Vegas... and cheaper than where we were going to go.I'll definitely go back in the future.
4	We were on our way to Jersey Boys, and stopped in here at the Venetian.  The fake indoor/outdoor scene was pretty cool.  Our waiter was fantastic!  The food was very good.  We had caprese for app.  I really liked it.. they bake it, so it is a bit different.  I had seabass for entre, and my wife had the lobster pasta dish... very well done.  More lobster and more tasty than the more expensive lobster dish I had at Cirque.
4	Great Place, Reasonably PricedI ate here last december with my girlfriend. We sat inside the place and not outside in the square. The ambiance was great, service was excellent and the food was outstanding. She had the salmon and I had the veal scallopini. The best part of the meal however was the bread. The waiter said it was fresh from the bakery next door. Overall the meal was excellent, and It was reasonbly priced for vegas standards, I think 65 bucks with tip for 2, but we split a salad and a calamari, but had no drinks or desserts. It was still wonderful. I highly reccomend it, for anyone.
4	Just stopped here as my final meal out in Vegas.  I love the Venetian, so I decided to grab a bite somewhere inside so I can enjoy the fake scenery and pretend I was actually in Venice.I forget the name of the dish I had but it was linguine w/ a mix of seafoods. It was excellent! I only wish it didnt fill me up -- I was eyeing up the gelato stand in the middle of St. Marks Square. I'd recommend you go here since the food is pretty decent , it's semi romantic, and the prices aren't half bad.
3	Canaletto by the numbers: 7pm, Friday night. 8 girls traipsing around Vegas just beginning their night, being completely disappointed with the original dinner plan and now just plain hungry (half forgot to eat lunch) and not drunk enough.5 restaurants selected, passed, and rejected prior to arriving at Canaletto.40minutes, the projected wait for a table.1 bottle of white wine imbibed at the bar during the wait.1 glass of water courteously brought by the bartender.2 plates of olive oil and balsamic vinegar poured while we ravenously thought of the bread that would accompany it.0 bread baskets that arrived until we had ordered and received our drinks.8 vicious, longing stares at the surrounding tables with their baskets of bread.$15.95 for  the vermicelli al pomodoro that I ordered.2 thumbs up for the vermicelli - al dente pasta, fresh tomatoes and basil, just the right amount of filling and tasty before a long night. 2, as in O2, oxygen, which is what we're sure they must be piping in to the faux St. Mark's square where we sat, suddenly feeling alive, awake and certainly more than well-fed.8 smiles on girls oncemore, ready to take Vegas by storm.
4	I had a truly enjoyable experience here.  Admittedly I was pretty low maintenance, just one person so I was seated at a "high table" but my waiter was attentive and friendly, offering suggestions on wines to go with my dinner choice.  My water glass was refilled frequently and I was even offered a 2nd glass of wine comped.  My only complaint is that because it was such a busy evening, there were a large number of parties at the bar waiting for tables, so I was jostled around quite a bit by people trying to squeeze more and more people into the somewhat snug bar area.I had a beautiful Umbria Merlot and a Caesar salad to start.  My entree was a proscuitto ravioli in a mushroom-tomato-cream sauce.  For dessert I had a tiramisu and a latte.  My total tab was about $65, so I was quite happy with that.  Not sure why there are so many bad service reviews for the place, my server was fabulous and friendly.  I had a great time on this trip (have been here once before with a large group and also had a good time), and definately recommend it.
4	Holy crikey...I never thought I could fall in love with Risotto, but the Wild Mushroom Risotto sent a chill down my spine!I stopped by this place completely on a whim and not even bother researching it (bad Yelper, i know!) and boy were we not disappointed! My party and I were tired after a long day of shopping at the Grand Canal and stopped by for lunch here. We each got something fairly different and the were not disappointed.The margherita pizza offered a great flavor profile and the freshness of the product clearly came through. The potato gnocchi was simply fantastic and while I was never a big fan of gnocchi, I quickly became one.The wine list is very extensive and not bad considering this is vegas! Great place to check out and if this isn't what Italian should taste like, yikes, I am never staying at the Venetian again!
4	i've gone to this place 5 times, traditional italian food,  i got a wood burning oven pizza (margherita---plain, sauce, cheese and basil)---tastyi got the procuitto and melone(traditional apetizer) the bread was great---fresh,,, the pasta ---riagatoni with meat sauce awesome and the tira mi su was great overall a nice dinner right on the heart of the Venetian..service was impeccable
4	We can't all make it over to Venice, but if you can manage to get to The Venetian hotel, you can get a piece of Italy. St. Mark's square was carefully created to replicate the same piazza in Venice, down to the very finest detail! (Including a pigeon...which we think came in by accident!) :). The prices are a bit high, but given the ambience, service, and quality, it's nothing shocking. The menu has a variety of items to satisfy any palette, and a range of prices for those on a budget. The pizzas are delicious and prepared with few, but fresh ingredients. The pasta bolognese is light and flavorful, and the chef is extremely generous with the meat!The wine list is extensive. Not as many Italian wines by the glass, but by the bottle the list is good. Definitely ask for a table out in the piazza for some great people watching, and some nice live music to accompany the meal. The waitstaff is incredibly friendly. Our server was from Italy, so it was fun to chat with him in Italian. And the manager or proprietor (not sure what his exact position was) came over to check on us, and also offer us free admission to LAVO after. Given customer service is not so great in Vegas, it was nice to be somewhere with pleasant staff!
4	Sitting on the "patio" was fun so we could people watch while enjoying our Italian experience. Great waiter (from Sicily), great wine and excllent food.  The lobster spaghetti was not only beautifully presented but quite tasty. I highly recommend the appetizer of proscuito and pear...some of the best you can get.  Service was outstanding too!
2	Came here to get some grub before going out. The waiter service was very friendly and the bread was delicious! Half of us ended up getting full just off of the bread. It's foresight, you know...carbs to help lighten the effects of alcohol. Urban myth? I hope not, I've been living by that for a while. I ordered the sea bass filet, which our server had recommended. I was disappointed.  The sauce that they use was way too salty, and they must have unloaded of quart of that stuff all over my food. The menu mentioned potatoes. I got about six mini pieces. Seriously, they could have at least added enough to fill up the plate. The sea bass itself was disappointing too. I was expecting oily, melt in your mouth sea bass. Instead, it was dry and a little tough. Plus for the service. Neg on the actual food.
2	Had high hopes for this place, took my girl out for date #3 I believe, had to make reservations no problem there, no problem anywhere really. But also nothing that made it stand out, other than location. It was great to set a romantic mood but I honestly did not take away any WOWs from this place.Got to ride the Gondolas in the same building so that deserves a + i guess
5	Stopped by here for dinner before the Wine Spectator Grand Tour.  All I can say is that it was amazing.  The service was fast and ver attentive.  The wine list while not extensive does cover just about anything you could be looking for, including a very nice selection of Prosecco.  The caprese was amazing, both the tomatoes and the mozzarella were amazing.  For entrees we got the Canneloni di Pollo and the Spaghetti all' Aragosta.  The Canneloni was cooked perfectly, and stuffed with chicken and spinach.  The lobster spaghetti had an amazing sauce and more lobster than I expected, prepared perfectly.  Could not have picked a better place for a romantic dinnner, highly recommended.
5	Attention all Brides To Be!This place is great for a reception dinner. Great photo ops, and great food.We had a private room upstairs overlooking the canal shops. The food was amazing!Moist Chicken Breasts, and Grilled Salmon. Crusty bread with olive oil/balsamic vinegar dip, and tiramisu. There was also a pasta course which is normally Penne alla Vodka, but we requested it changed to Pomodoro sauce and they were all to happy to make the change. Soft drinks are not included in the dinner, but once the first was ordered it was free refills. (A feature most restaurants we looked at did not offer).We orginally were going to pay for alcohol on consumption, but our waiter suggested wine for the tables and beer. He pointed out that this discourages excessive mixed drink ordering. The fact that he was trying to SAVE us money surprised me, but impressed me too! We had 3 small kids in the party, so the restaurant was accomodating in letting them order a la carte. No kids menu, but they enjoyed their pizza and pasta. They set up our cake table, and even placed family photos with TLC on there as well. Music from the restaurant could be heard in our room, with a knob to adjust volume as we wanted it. Lowered for the Best Man's toast, and raised so that we could have our dance. Believe me, we searched EVERYWHERE for the best place to have this dinner, and the price, service, quality of food and atmosphere didn't disappoint. It was a great memory we'll treasure always!
3	we each got a salad and it was fine.  nothing too exciting but left quite satisfied.  the rolls were delicious and there were a few varieties so that was fun. i might eat here again if i'm in the shops area but won't be rushing back.
4	Our party of 6 stumbled across Canaletto at the Venetian and were lucky to be seated "outdoors" promptly.  There's also seating inside which looked nice for a more intimate, romantic experience.  The service was uniformly attentive, quick, and efficient.  I had the chicken and asparagus risotto, and it was incredible.  I sampled dishes from my dining companions and found every dish delicious...the kitchen here obviously executes well and we were all extremely happy with the food and service.
2	This place was, eh, okay...but I probably won't go back.  The service was painfully slow and the food was simply average.  It wasn't bad, per se, but there are so many amazing restaurants in Vegas, that this one really isn't worth a second shot.
3	Good ravioli. Great location (in Piazza San Marco in the Venetian). Bad service. Very bad. Waitress seemed like trailer trash still learning the manners of the hoi polloi. She would start a conversation, then walk behind me and keep talking, then seem aggravated when I admitted I hadn't heard what I said. I was starving and so scarfed down the six raviolis on my plate. She made a comment about my appetite that was borderline derogatory. When I kept my plate a little longer after finishing, she made another comment. Seriously, wench, where did you learn manners? The same place you learned to forget how to brush your hair? Or was it where they told you overdone blue eyeliner was still in fashion? I know it was a Tuesday afternoon, but this restaurant needs to upper its staff standards.
4	We stopped by for Sunday lunch and was seated outside. Nice ambiance with St. Marks and the people watching. We started with Calamaretti Fritti, it was good, light flour and nicely fried. The spicy marinara sauce wasn't really spicy and a tad watery. The GF got Minestrone Di Verdura, it was a good bowl of soup. We then ask the server for recommendations for entrees, she suggested Cannelloni Di Pollo, pasta tubes filled with chicken and Pasticcio Alla Gradese, a seafood lasagna. Both items are baked and was good. I like seafood and my entree had a nice assortment of crab, shrimp, and shellfish. The chicken was good as well. Also, nice portions to share. Service was decent.Overall, I like this place. I would suggest dining here.
1	This place has all the charm of a fast food restaurant; waiters with attitude, indifferent management, and enough noise (particularly from a shrill female voice singing outside) that's closer to "who's skinning the cat?" than a tasteful melody.I've eaten twice at this establishment; the first time was "okay" -- complete with a manager bragging how they don't use nonfat milk for coffee drinks, never will, and finished off by saying "I like to make my latte with half and half." Perhaps I should have learned.Unfortunately for my party, we had a waiter that spent more time grinning at the two of us as he went by, came by exactly twice during the entire meal, and did just about anything possible to make us feel unwelcome.  This was in addition to busboys that were swearing about something right in front of us; this of course is when the staff wasn't busy watching the game on TV near the bar.Where was the management?  In the back, around the corner, having social hour.  Which is my central point:  my big issue with many Vegas restaurants (The Venetian has this problem increasingly more often, from what I can see) is that they simply do well because of their location, and often for no other reason.  So your management experience (and dining experience) tends to vary -- a lot.What I can say is that this place has declined since the last visit.  On the positive side, the bartender was descent.  Too bad the rest of the meal was ruined by fifth-class service and a staff that quite frankly was too tied up in talking to each other to care.
2	The atmosphere was sadly the most impressive aspect of the restaurant.The service was decent and the food was mediocre at best. I think I could have gotten a meal just as good at say an Olive Garden or Macaroni Grill...
3	Nothing spectacular with Canaletto. Our group wanted a nice semi-fancy venue to dine at without the overpriced menu, so we stumbled upon this place during a random stroll across the Venetian. Typical Italian menu, but I was more impressed with the specials. Remember to always ask for the specials! I ended up ordering the lobster stuffed ravioli in a cream sauce and it was splendid. 6 huge pieces of ravioli was the perfect portion before a night a drunken debauchery. My friends ordered the blackened salmon (a little too blackened, if you asked me) and halibut (cooked perfectly). Our tab was about $30/person, which isn't bad when you're trying to eat fancy in Vegas.I wasn't too impressed with the service. Our waiter was friendly and helpful when we were deciding what to order, but he didn't check up on us or offer any other assistance until dessert. I even had to ask 2 people for water before our glasses were refilled. Big negative mark in my book for that one. I might come back, but I'm sure there's better Italian restaurants to try in Vegas.
2	Sorry Canaletto.  I so wanted to have the best Italian dinner in St. Mark's Square, but instead what I got was a glorified Olive Garden.  Not impressed at all.  I got the Pizza con salsiccia which I absolutely love. It looks just like it does on the streets of Venice, but tastes NOTHING like it.  Sorely disappointed.  The service basically sucked.  They sat us right next to the kitchen and the bathrooms so we got to see all this yummy food being sent out of the kitchen, of course none of it was ours.  Finally it took maybe 30 minutes to get our food and when they brought it, it was cold.  My friends were also not impressed with their food.  I highly recommend going some place else.
3	Some might find the loud opera like shows in the faux-Italian square outside the restaurant "charming". I found it annoying to have to yell to talk to my friends at lunch over the stupid show going on right beside the restaurant. Service was SLOWBread basket was off the hook (yes, I'm easily impressed). I got the pizza christina. The ingredient mixture was killer - proscuitto, a special italian cheese,mushrooms, white truffle oil. Perfection I tell you. The crust was pretty generic, however. It was that thin crust that every "authentic" Italian place has. That ingredient combo on a Settebello pizza would be so killer!
1	Avoid. Avoid. Avoid, Or you will be sorry--- "I told you so!". Mediocre food for the price. Low class, untrained & unprofessional staff. They chew gums while in service. Terrible service.... and if you make a remark they talk you back as if they are doing YOU a favor. Never been treated so bad by low class- trailer park waiter. The idiot we had, never served the wine except for the tasting. When I asked for service he grabbed the bottle, annoyed,  and grossly emptied it into both our glasses holding it so high that wine just guttered out of it. Disgusting. Since I did not say Thank you, obviously, he looked at me in the eyes and said:"You're welcome!". I asked him if he had a problem and he said "Yes, usually when we serve people they say thank you!". I reported this moron's attitude to the manager who barely apologized,  switched waiter on us, did not offer us  a thing and charged us full price ($120 - no dessert- 2 persons) even after we waited another 40mns for our main dish.  This is a wannabe classy restaurant with tasteless food and animals waiters. I wrote ZERO SERVICE = ZERO TIP - YOU'RE WELCOME on the credit card slip. Las Vegas is not Bakersfield. We have plenty of choice. Do not fall for Canaletto. Yerk!!!  If you want excellent-outstanding service, excellent italian food and respectful staff, try Bertolini's. Even Olive Garden is a better choice........ Hey Canaletto! You're welcome !!! :-)
2	Don't get me wrong, the food at the Canaletto was magnificent. Italian at its best with a beautiful view of the main square.HOWEVER,the service was deplorable. When my family and I got there, we were treated poorly by the seater.  We had requested an OPEN table next to the street for a better experience. She curtly told us that it was saved for someone at that exact moment and that we would have to sit at very poor seats or wait 20 minutes... for an OPEN table. Then, when we asked for the manager, she snipes, "Me and him are both the same so you don't have to talk to him."  Then when we finally got the table, it takes 10 more minutes to get a waiter. Of course, once the manager noticed us, everything was peachy. It should not have taken us 30+ minutes to even get water to drink for a restaurant that tries to be high class.
5	Great for large groups! I was looking for a restaurant in Vegas where I could celebrate a birthday party for about 15 people. Boy am I glad I chose Canaletto! They seated us upstairs in a gorgeous private room! We got our own private waiter, Mauricio, who was wonderful. It was a very private room with a gorgeous view and the food was wonderful. My only complaint was that it was pricey- especially the house wine was $37 a bottle! Yikes. Still worth it, but be ready to spend a pretty penny.
4	The Good:Location, location, location.  Love that it's on "St. Mark's Square."  The thin-crust pizza.  Really thin-crust, not the ridiculous American stuff that passes as thin crust!  Just like they do it in Italy! Interesting menu options like salt cod baked in milk and calf's liver.  We tried the former and were tempted to to do the latter but opted for the pizza instead.  The salt cod was good but it's not very subtle. The olive oil they serve for the bread is delectable.  Very fruity and flavorful. GREAT waiter!  Ask for Yasha.   Helpful and charming.   The Bad: The prices.  A little on the high side but given the location, I can forgive even that.
4	During InterBike, we had to find a place for lunch.  They have a good indoor/outdoor patio dinner.  The service is only ok. They got my Gibson wrong, but they brought me a new one.  I just hope that they didn't spit in it.  On the other hand, I ordered a veal shank on top of a bed of risotto that was wonderful. You even get a bit of morrow to taste, if they gave me a small spoon, it would be perfect.
3	The food was good. I had the Zuppa de Pesce (seafood soup) & he had the calzone. I really liked my dish. The flavor was good and there was plenty of seafood. He said his calzone was OK. The service is slower than molasses. The guy must have been 100 years old. It took forever for him to come by when we needed something and we waited for our bill for a good 15 minutes before we were able to flag him down for it. We sat in the "patio" and liked the people watching, too bad the ice cream stand was in our way. Whenever something interesting happened, like the performances, we couldn't see anything. Because I enjoyed the company, I still had a great time there.
3	A modest restaurant inside the Venetian right in St. Mark's square with a lovely atmosphere, good prices and great food.I'm a little (more like a lot) obsessed with risotto, so I was incredibly pleased to see that they had a good selection of risotto dishes on their menu. From the looks of the other dishes passing us by, their other options looked fantastic as well. I would definitely come here again!
4	Great atmosphere in the Grand Canal area, lots of seating (albeit, kinda tight in my opinion), and good food. :) Antipasti: Sardee in Soar - very good! a little too lemony, but good overall.Formaggio dal Veneto - oh my, the blue cheese was very very strong! but the others were very delish!Carpaccio con Ruchetta  - oh how can you go wrong with carpaccio? theirs is very well made. :) Entrees:iThe Fettuccine alla Castellana was very good.. mmm i could still taste it.. the oils weren't too overpowering, and the tastes & textures were very complimentary to each other. the Pizza Cristina, was very generous with the truffle oil (and we are not complaining!!),the Pizza con Salsiccia, was very good as well.. the sauce wasn't too overpowering, it had a perfect sweet and spiciness to it.. We were all thoroughly full and satisfied at the end of our meals. We would definitely come back for more.. And we just learned that there is also a Canaletto in Newport Beach, close to home! Yay!
4	Date: November 22, 2009Good: Scenery & Nearby music along with the setting of Italy, service was excellent. Bad: Not many food selections and can be expensive Ex. Spaghetti $37, food above average but nothing greatSummary: Would recommended if your looking for a nice setting with great service.
3	The food is very good, the menu is similar to Il Fornaio at New York New York, the main difference I noticed is they have a selection of risottos.  I had a squid ink risotto, which was good.  Service was okay, probably could be a little better for this price range, but not bad.
5	The BEST risotto I've ever had! I should have ordered one to go too! Nice menu and large wine selection. Wish we had room for dessert!
4	After a very tumultuous time in Las Vegas the gem of the trip was Canaletto in the Venetian. It is right in the middle of the canal shopping area. Our waiters were attentive and the food was delicious. We came for a very late seating around 10pm and the service did not suffer one bit. We would have thought we were their first customers of the day. Bread = perfectly crunchy on the outside and soft and doughy inside with olive oil and vinegar for dipping. Seafood Pasta - Pasta was perfect al dente and the seafood was very fresh and flavorful. I don't remember what the dish I had was called, but it was pasta stuffed with chicken and lots of yummy sauce...it was extremely rich and heavy but was worth every bite. Last but not least, our champagne drinks infused with strawberry puree was a real treat. I highly recommend this restaurant.
4	Such a cute place in the Venitian!  Really does make you feel like you're in Europe somewhere, and even comes with pigeons......?!? Uh, that was kinda gross actually.  I understand the authenticity and all, but I don't really like pigeons eatting scraps around my feet during a meal.We came here around 9:30pm - I think they were getting ready to close since it wasn't crowded at all.  Plus all the shops were closing too, so the crowds were thinning out.  Great ambiance - definitely sit "outside" versus inside.  Great for people watching! (and bird watching too, i guess)We actually just wanted a snack but apparently to eat on the "outdoor patio" you need to order more than just an appetizer.  Lucky for us the pizza's are thin crust. Problem solved.  The menu wasn't too heavy, but it was a little hard to choose considering we weren't super hungry.  For an app, we ordered the bruschetta - YUM.  Such a simple and small appetizer, but yet so tasty.  Then we got the stagione pizza (something like that).  It had 4 different ingredients, one on each slice.  Pretty good too, not too filling, and it was big enough for us to share.We hung out for a bit after eating, and the wait staff didn't mind at all.  Nice to not feel rushed, and just relax after a day of walking everywhere.  We'd definitely come back for the ambiance, and food of course!  And maybe to see what craziness the pigeons do to the customers......
2	The pizza is great! So tasty, crispy, oh heaven. Bruschetta is also quite yummie. Ambience is great.There is a short little waiter with a squeaky little rat voice that discouraged us from ordering.  He took our table away because we wanted our food to go.  But the way he talked to us was out of the question.  I could've turned the turbo-bitch on, but I decided to keep my cool because I was really craving some pizza.The wait staff gave me the "we're too good for you" feeling- snobby jerks.
2	Not as overpriced as some other places but not great.  I would've spent the extra money to get better food and better service.The food was too salty and kinda bland.  My wife did not like their seafood linguini.  My veal was not bad but no sauce or flavor to it.Portions are good but then again, I would rather have quality than quantity.My suggestion, spend a little more and get quality food.  Try one of the other places that are higher ranked on yelp.
4	It is a challenge for a gal doing the south beach thing to dine at an Italian restaurant and not to indulge, however, the Venetian based menu options here were plentiful beyond the lovely list of pastas and pizzas. I had the tenderloin which was perfectly cooked and amazingly flavorful. Thankfully, our reservation brought us to a table in the restaurant and not under the disarmingly constantly bright blue sky in the Venetian Canal shops area. Service was lovely; the interior setting was very nice and comfortable - a nice escape from the canal!
1	Awful experience... definitely put a bad taste in my mouth.We were a group of four expecting to sit down to a nice dinner. The other couple had dined here previously with a fantastic memory to share so we thought we would have the same experience.Interior:We were seated inside the main dining room. I looked around the restaurant at the decor and was very pleased with what i saw from the lighting to the wall treatments (i'm an interior architect and deisgner).Service:When our petite server (male) approached our table he asked what we would like to order. I let him know that I needed a few more minutes and he rolled his eyes in disgust and said it's just something to drink to which I had to respond that I had not looked over the wine list yet. It was appalling how rude and terse he was. He walked away from our table and disappeared for 20-30 minutes (no exaggeration). I saw him walking around the restaurant. He would look at me start to walk over and then turn and walk away. When he finally returned to our table we were all so disgusted but ordered anyway. Perhaps the food would cheer us up? ummmmmmm keep reading.Food:The food was COLD. I don't know if it was an act of rebellion to let our food sit up on the line for a long time before delivering it but my ravioli was icy when i received it. I heard similar responses from around our table. Another person mentioned that theirs were bland. This dialogue took place at our table.one: This reminds me of something i would get at the olive garden.two: No, I think this would be an insult for the olive garden.one: I think you're right, plus the olive garden comes with better service. At least there you would receive bottomless glasses of water.This place definitely put a damper on our weekend. I say skip it and put your money elsewhere.
4	I thought the food here was top notch.  Ordered the Tagliatelle alla Castellana, and it was extremely delicious.  The ribbon pasta combined with the creamy brandy sauce, pork tenderloin and bacon made a perfect combination to which I never experienced before.  Service was good as well.  If you go during the right time you can hear and partially see the opera singers belting out arias.  Next time I am in Vegas I would definitely come back!
3	Solid choice for an affordable, good tasting lunch, in the Venetian.I hosted a party 5 for lunch and the bill was around $125. Not bad at all!The ambiance is great - located in The Venetian's mock of St Mark's square. Two of the individuals at our table ordered the chicken ceaser salad which looked average. Another ordered a personal pizza which was very large and a great dish to share. I enjoyed the Petto Di Pollo Al Peperoncino which had some kick to it which was pleasantly surprising. The chicken was tenderized and flattened out with a nice grill crust. Also served with some garlic spinach on the side. The only complaint on my dish was that there wasn't a great deal of food so I was hungry again an hour or so later.
4	Came with my boyfriend here for lunch, I found this place to be awfully cute. Made it feel like I was actually in Venice or something, and no, I have never been to Venice, or anywhere in Europe for that fact (I'm a poor college girl). For a restaurant located indoors, it felt like you were outdoors, and pigeon that was walking around contributed to that.We had the Bruschetta al Pomodoro for our appetizer. I loved this that if my boyfriend ever learned how to make this, he would definitely be a keeper (not that he isn't already). We each ordered a pasta dish which was good. The place is quite affordable, especially for a restaurant located in the Venetian, the dishes usually average to a price of 13 to 15 dollars.I think the turn-off of this restaurant was the overabundance of crowds here due to the little show they have every hour or so, but I guess that's expected during the lunch hours on the weekend. I'm sure this place would be more romantic when the crowd starts thinning out.
4	This place is an awesome spot for a nice lunch. The price is moderate to high, I spent 100 bucks for lunch for 3 people. I had prosciutto e melone, cesarion salad and the pizza. My wife had the chicken risotto and my brother in law had the clam special and a lap dance, oh wait the lap dance was the night before.... Hahhaha. We finished with some lattes and a tiramisu. Great place awesome food. Love it!!!!Enjoy,The curious foodie
4	Wow, the seating area for the outside area is really pleasant, considering that it gives this airy feel (being that it seems like youre outside, even though you're not) and that you get to watch the singing acts that are held near the canal.I went with a group of about 7 people this past april over spring break.  A bunch of us ordered each of the pastas and shared each others.  All in all the pastas seemed to taste very good but the meaty dishes, the chicken and the fish filet did not seem to taste very good at all.  I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone staying in the venetian area, and try sitting in the outside portion of the restaurant, I think it's the best place to sit.
2	The food is ok, but overpriced.  However, the real problem is the service, which was so bad and inattentive, that with Vegas flailing as it is right now...this place should be out of business.The manager was aimlessly roaming around the restaurant, swinging his keys like he was at a park on a Sunday.  Being in the restaurant industry, inexperienced tools like him make me embarrassed to be a part of it.  If I walked around my restaurant like that, I'd be fired.And just a note to the "chefs," sending out cold food for a $25 entree is inexcusable, but even worse is trying to heat it up by placing the whole eaten-off-of-already plate either in your oven or under the salamander, then sending it back out with out even replating it.  You work in VEGAS!!!! You should really have higher standards than a Howard Johnson's in Des Moines.  I mean, REALLY?!?!?
5	Great carpacio and Cristina pizza - yummy thin crust . Love the sky ceiling and canal
4	I love Canaletto!And you will too, ESPECIALLY if you like cheese platters!!!! (The restaurant as a whole gets 4 stars, the cheese platter gets 5.)I had the Formaggi Del Vento and it made my meal (and my life) better. Served with pear chutney, shredded bell pepper, grapes, and croutons, this cheese plate is one of the best I've ever had. Also had the Pollo Allo Spiedo (ORGANIC (yay!) chicken served with delicious mashed potatoes and green beans with a yummy sauce. My ONLY request is they put more juice/sauce over the chicken, but it was de-lish.Boyfriend got a Bellini, their signature drink, (which "didn't rock his world") and a Pizza Margherita which was also thin and nice tasting, but not as mind-blowing as Pizzeria Delfina in SF! (see my other reviews). We both agreed that not having to wait a jillion hours for a table (like every other tourist-packed place on the strip) was some of the best part!
4	I have to admit that when it comes to fine dining, I'm a straight up snob. But hey, if I know I'm going to be paying an arm and a leg for anorexic portions of so-called "exquisite" food, my entire experience better be damn worth it!How am I a snob? Well, you know when you walk into a restaurant and you just look around and it's not only visually appealing but almost calls to your senses saying "eat here! sit in this nice comfy $375984 couch and consume food costing $375984 just because you know you want to!" thats usually a good sign for me (I'm not saying it is for my wallet).  The servers have to not only be friendly but look friendly and look like they actually want to come back every 2 minutes to check on how I'm enjoying my meal. And the bread. The bread must be impeccable, because what kind of classy restaurant serves crappy bread?! If you ever want to test what restaurant will actually serve good food, try their bread. If it sucks, leave, but make sure you eat all of the bread first, even though it sucks. If it doesnt...well that's up to you whether or not you want to gip them for their complimentary bread or actually stay for the rest of the meal. Anyway, the atmosphere of a restaurant is the probably most important thing to me. My favorite aspect of this Canaletto is that it not only has a partially open view out to the public without actually sitting "outside," making it the perfect balance between an intimate private date and a more relaxed nice dinner out with family or friends, but it's also situated right next to what would be the town square of the Grand Canal Shoppes. Several times throughout the day, opera singers, jugglers, and people on stilts will parade around the Shoppes  and end their show right smack dab in front of Canaletto. So, when I'm lucky, I get dinner and a free show. Now, onto the food. Like I said, a good classy restaurant must have delicious bread. I'm not talking upgraded hoagies and buns with butter, I mean freshly baked artisan bread with some kind of dip or sauce. And of course, it has to be an unlimited bread basket. And even though I stuff my face with their delicious olive loaf, ciabatta and sourdough slices, I still can't wait to eat the rest of the meal.For some reason, every nice restaurant I go to that I see fried calamari, I have to order it. The calamari here is fried to a golden, delicate crisp, with homemade tomato and tartar sauce. Get a bit of both sauces on the calamari and it's like tart, crunchy, buttery perfection having a party in your mouth. I've been here so many times that I've actually tried quite a few entrees. I once ordered the prosciutto, cheese, and arugula pizza with white truffle oil. My only gripe was the prosciutto slices were much to big to be topping a simple white pizza. Everytime I wanted a perfect bite of prosciutto, cheese and arugula, I'd get the entire slice of prosciutto and then there wouldn't be proscuitto left for my next bite, dumb. I also tried the pastas, which were pretty standard, nothing you can't find in every Italian restaurant, but they were cooked to aldente and weren't overflowing with cheese. So, even though the appeal of this restaurant is more for me the atmosphere and service, the food is delicious, no doubt, and the service is always superb.
4	Canaletto probably isn't the best Italian restaurant in the Venetian, let alone in Vegas, but it's very good and somewhat reasonably priced, for being in a Strip hotel. The atmosphere of the "patio" area in the Grand Canal Shoppes is lovely, and the service is excellent from the moment you're greeted by the affable maitre d'. The menu selection is pretty broad, from apps and salads to pizzas, pastas, and fish and meat entrees. The portions are fairly large and the food is tasty. It's more like your neighborhood upscale Italian place than fine dining Italian, but there's nothing wrong with that.
4	I  like this place. Good price, good value, taste is good and service is good.Pretty romantic too....
4	The service you would expect, and also a great people watching table in the outside area =)
5	If the Italians played like canaletto cooks, they'd have dominated the world cup in South Africa this year.  This place is sensational and here is why:1.  Location: right in the heart of grand canal shops, along the canal itself, set across from street performers barking out opera classics like bocelli's time to say goodbye among others.  2.  Space: huge, 5 rooms, multi level and incredible detail even down to the bathrooms.3.  Lest us not forget the cuisine.  How the hell they get the freshest ingredients in the middle of the desert I do not know, but the oysters, basil, mushrooms, mozzarella, risotto, fish, beef, etc was to dine for!  We had many items but were most pleased with the risotto - best ever!  pizza - quattro stagioni...yummy, fresh oysters on the half shell (high quality & frrrrresh), caprese, chicken cataloni.4.  Service.  Genuine Italiano's wait on you in fun little suits.  How cool is that?  5.  Bread.  I know this is a weird category, but they bread provided along with olive oil/vinegar combo disappeared like the city of pompei.  So friggin good.  6.  Consistency.  We were in vegas for 4 nights, and managed to dine here...3 times!!!  Even more impressive was that we stayed at other hotels and went to great lengths to get here each time.The only room for improvement here is on the beverages.  If this is Italy then I want Limonata - (san pellegrino) and chocolate sprinkles on my cappuccino.  Other than that, this place is perfect.
3	The atmosphere is cool, but that's about as good as this place gets. I ordered some chicken dish (I forget the name), but it was okay...nothing that great. My girlfriend ordered the seafood linguine and it was also just okay. I think the one at Buca tastes much better. It's not that this place was bad, but it just didn't wow me very much. I think the fact that I don't remember much about my experience (noo, I was not drunk haha) is enough for me not to come back.FYI, be careful with the pepper flakes, they're surprisingly spicy!
4	We decided to eat here for our formal Bachelorette party dinner as 1) they're not strict on seating - the entire party does not have to all be there to get seated 2) they can hold large parties and 3) prices were reasonable and 4) the menu has a wide-selection of offerings to satisfy every palate.Three of us decided to share our dishes so that we can get a taste of everything that sounded good so we skipped out on ordering appetizers.{ ORDER }* Risotto Con Secoe e Funghi - risotto with beef tenderloin and mushrooms in a white wine sauce (it was a bit salty)** Linguine Alla Buranella - linguini with seafood in a red tomato sauce - yummy!** Tagliatelle Alla Castellana - Fettuccine pasta tossed with pork, bacon, shitake mushrooms in a white cream sauce - a great selection as well!{ ENVIRONMENT }I think sitting outside in the patio is better since you have a view of the canal as well as the beautiful "sky".  We sat inside as they didn't have any large tables in the patio area.{ TIP }For large parties, always book at least 1 week in advance.The restroom is upstairs.  If your heels can't take the stairs, they have an elevator.The portions here are a lot bigger than Mario Batali's and you can't really go wrong with an Il Fornaio-restaurant.
3	Who needs Red Bull when you got an artificial beautiful day at the Venetian? Came here by an invite by an old friend for a couple of drinks. I don't know if drinks are usually served strong but that is how it came in my glass. Seemed like a busy spot, and well central to the Canal Shops.We ordered the Oysters and Beef Carpaccio. Oysters were actually pretty delicious, I must say, as I am far from a fan of these pearl makers. I ate one up with some cocktail sauce and a hint of lemon and horseradish, so it wasn't a pure act of bravery, but it was good going down.Beef Carpaccio was good, with the capers, arugula and cheese on top. I've had better myself, but it was far from worth complaining about.Those are all I've tried at this spot but I wouldn't forego going again. Even though it was 9pm, we felt reenergized by the brightness of the ceiling and the pigeons that somehow snuck into the Canal Shops made it more authentic. Eating and drinking with friends at night in such an atmosphere was a nice touch.
4	We were standing there in St. Mark's square trying to decide whether to try Postrio, Canaletto or Otto and went to Yelp! for help. The winner at that time among the three was Canaletto, so we grabbed a table and gave it a try.The outdoor even though you're indoor cafe seating is pretty perfect for people watching. I like this location better than competitors Postrio and Otto because it's closer to the canal and you get to see more people. Note, this is a very loud venue due to the continual performances by the Venetian entertainers, mimes, singers, jugglers and other performance artists just about 20 yards away and the crowds that they draw. Still, it's a great place to sit and enjoy a casual meal.We ordered the four station pizza and all four varieties were tasty. The bread was excellent and the pizza crust fresh, with fresh, flavorful ingredients. We also ordered the pricey but delicious shrimp and garlic linguine. The pasta was cooked perfectly and the shrimp were tender and juicy.We also ordered a few different wines by the glass, all were good. Service was friendly and prompt, food was presented well and with the exception of the over-dressed salad, everything was top-notch.I'm going to return here, but only after I try Otta and Postrio to decide which is best.
4	The staff is first rate.  Our waiter help with the wine selection based on my price range and type.  He did not try and up sell, but suggested a reasonable and delicious Chianti.  We ordered 2 caprese salad's for the table.  I like the large cuts of tomato, which my son prefers the thinner cuts. The cheese was melt in your mouth, the only minus was having to ask for the Balsamic vinegar, but no big deal.  I had the special 4 cheese ravioli, in a mushroom cream sauce was nice, but nothing super.  My wife had the chicken and spinach with a spicy sauce which was the winner at our table.  It is a little expensive for what you get, but the location, the people watching, the staff make this a have to try it once experience.
4	Canaletto is located right in the middle of the "pushy people central", as I like to call it. Venetian's shopping area has some of the pushiest people I've ever met at shops, but thankfully restaurants are not the same.While all we had were drinks (Bellini's and Canalettos), they were quite good and worth a try. The food did look to be good quality.
3	I was invited to eat here, and I understand that everything in Vegas is expensive, but I felt this meal was a little ridiculous for what it was. The waiter was amazing and so funny and entertaining and just AMAZING, I have no other words for him! The food was decent, but I didn't think it was spectacular, I've definitely had better Italian food at a much more reasonable price. If you go, I suggest you keep the food order simple and enjoy the wait staff, they are truly great.
2	Just ok. We had dinner on a relatively slow evening. The meal was average, and not really worth the price. The service was lack-luster. I had a seafood stew.  The fish was overcooked and mushy. My dinner companion had steak with very overcooked spinach. The one highlight of the evening was a very good cheese plate that wehad as an appetizer. There are so many great restaurants now in Vegas that I will likely not be back.
4	yum yum yum.  pricey, but yummy.  Service was a bit on the slow side, so that's why I only gave it 4 stars.  I have eaten here before, and it didn't disappoint.  I had an amazing salad with carmelized pecans, blue cheese, chicken, grapes, arugula in a vinagrette sauce, yum.  My husband had the jumbo prawns with the side of spaghetti.  definitely a keeper
2	Wasn't amused. For being in such a prime space along the Grand Canal, you'd think they had more to offer.Or maybe I wasn't trying the right thing.Had their Caprese, when asked about maybe having a side of chicken with it... was denied. Turns out they grill their tomatoes and mozzarella. Fine, by me - but it really didn't do much. She offered prosciutto instead and that was a failed suggestion, because it added nothing.My dinner partner had their pasta special. Penne pasta with chicken, vegetables, tossed in a red sauce. Nothing spectacular to note.Service was slow.The thing about service in a restaurant is timing. The server works itself in your time, and it's not the other way around. I could have been on a gondola and down the canal in between the time I waited for the dessert menu (which we decided to skip because it took too long) and asking for the check.Thanks for trying, but I'll be somewhere else on the Strip...
2	Their squid ink risotto is my favorite.  When they first opened, their food wasn't bad at all.  My last experience at Canaletto was not really good.  I ordered a soup, and I really think the canned soup could be much better than that. There are many other great restaurants in Venetian, no reason to dine again @Canaletto.
4	Will come again, sit at the bar though, I had a lot of fun drinking beers and eating bread. I did not eat anything but, my buddy said the rissoto was unreal.
4	Canaletto offers what most Strip eateries dont or can not: ValueFrom the salads, to the appetizers, to the risotto, to the grilled poultry, Canaletto offers flavors and presentation on par with all but the very elite of Italian eateries on the Strip at 80% of the price.Service is fine.  Ambiance is great for people watching.
4	I looked up many places for dinner, but Yelp pushed me to finalizing my dinner reservations for Super Bowl Sunday at Canaletto.We were seated inside of the restaurant since we didn't want to wait for outdoor seating and was placed near an open window that outlooks some of the shops and the gondalas.  The service here was great, even though I think they were a bit excited to come help us in terms of clearing the plates as they swept away one of the oysters that way.  However, we took it all in stride and were happy to see that our entrees came soon after.The table mostly stuck to eating seafood dishes and we loved it.  I enjoyed my grilled seafood dish and took a bite of my friend's pizza cristie and was equally as in love. Overall, a great atmosphere, good food, and we had a great time.  It's definitely a restaurant I wouldn't mind trying out again on the strip!
5	Authentic italian food  with the views of the Grand Canal. I had the best tiramisu here it wasn't very sweet it was just right. Yes it is pricey but the service, food, and location makes up for it. Came here with my family on a vacation didn't have reservations we didn't have to wait. Was seated right away. The bill for lunch came in under $90 bucks I believe. But it all depends on what you order and how much it will cost. I will comeback here to experience it all over again.
4	Very nice, romantic restaurant. It is located not too far from the canal (although you do not really have a view on the gondolas) and in the place where a musical/clowny Italian show was taking place. I found the risotto yummy and my husband enjoyed his canennoli =)We did not have desert there although they looked pretty good and opted for a homemade gelato that was delicious at one of the bakery located by the stores.
4	7 dollar happy hour appetizers pizzas and other munchies, also a nice spot for dinner. It's in San Marcos Piazza in the Venetian so it isn't quiet but there's a great view of the square and for people watching. The servers and bartenders were all very pleasant and attentive.
3	Probably one of the more decent meals I had while in Vegas, but still quite average by my personal standards. Nice atmosphere - located right in St Mark's Square. Friendly guy but extremely slow service! Water being forgotten, can't place dessert order, no refill on olive oil, etc... Not too many vegetarian choices and limited customizations because apparently the food is pre-prepared in the mornings, not made to order. Portions were very inconsistent - while some entrees were huge, others were tiny!
2	Really wouldn't recommend this place. The food was mediocre and completely not worth the price. The setting is kind of cute. If you're outside you can enjoy a nice view of the Grand Canal. It would be a lovely little place for a romantic meal if it weren't for the fact that the tables (at least the ones outside) are all crammed together. The service was also incredibly slow and not the best. No one was particularly friendly. It just could have been better, hence the "Meh. I've experienced better" rating.
4	My friends and I were craving Italian food to rid of our Vegas hangover so after looking around the Venetian, we decided on Canaletto because it looked authentic and had many customers. We were directed to a nice table by the window that overlooked the Gondola rides and the Italian singers.The setting at Canaletto is casual/formal and ambiance was quite nice. I really liked our waiter because it he was this very jolly and talkative Italian man. He was very quick about bringing us bread and drinks because we were famished. Also, there was only a short wait because our entrees all arrived. Our waiter kept us company throughout dinner and wanted to share a story with us. I don't know whether to be amused or annoyed that he was basically telling a story about how asians lower the costs/prices of everything so that other countries cannot compete in the global market. But anyways, it made for an interesting dinner conversation. Our entrees were surprising tasteful. I found the menu somewhat hard to navigate through because everything was Italian. They had a wide selection of wines imported from Italy, France and California. Then again, it should be expected since it's Vegas. Most of us ordered pasta dishes. A couple of dishes that stood out were:-Linguine alla Buranella: thin flat pasta with mussels, prawns, scallops and clams seasoned with tomatoes, crushed red pepper, garlic and trebbiano wine. It smelled delicious and reminded me of pasta cooked in a bouillabaisse -Cannelloni di Pollo: large pasta tubes filled with rotisserie chicken, mushrooms, organic spinach, sundried tomatoes andsmoked mozzarella; bechamel and tomato sauces. The cannelloni was baked in a cast iron dish so it was piping hot when served. My friend said this was rich, delicious and worth ordering. -Zuppa Di Pesce Alla Chioggiotta. I really like the name because when spoken properly, it sounds really cool. Essentially, it is an italian version of bouillabaisse--seafood stew with scampi, prawns, scallops, clams, mussels and fresh fish fillet. Grilled garlic ciabatta bread comes with it. I thought that this was cooked perfectly--seafood was tender and sweet and the aromatic smell the white wine was just divine. I could have used more bread to soak up the juices. Overall, dinner at Canaletto was an enjoyable experience. It is a little more expensive than other restaurants for each entree was at least $20. The quality of the meal was one of the better ones I've had at Las Vegas. So if you're ever staying in the Venetian and looking for a place to eat, check it out. My only regret was that our group was too full to order desserts. So if go, save room!  Buon appetito!
2	Nothing really stood out about this Italian restaurant. I went with a group of 6 without reservations and we were quoted 30 minutes. No big deal since we all had to refresh. My two friends went to go smoke, my other two went to the bar where some lady said: lets all have some shots. They thought the person who said lets have some shots was paying, but the bartender brought them a tab for their Patron shots- about $25 bucks each. Watch out for that gimmick, maybe the bar fly was placed there by the restaurant to increase bar sales.They only serve olive oil with their bread, no vinegar, so we helped ourselves to the bottle of vinegar hanging on the side of a waiter station. The menu seemed to have been written in Italian and thankfully the menu items had descriptors in English. My friend ordered the squid ink risotto that had shrimp and cuttle fish. The entire dish looked like shit on a plate the way it was presented. I had a taste b/c he raved about it but it tasted like day old fish. Like the way rotten fish smells that's how it tasted. I almost threw up and instantly became nauseous.  My friend had a ham and mozzarella calzone that was pretty tasty. I had angel hair w. bolognese. It was good, but they were skimpy on the sauce. I didn't try the other dishes. The entire meal came to 175. 6 entrees plus a bottle of wine.  Not sure why this place was so lackluster, but I'm sure to never go back.
3	I had the lemon sauced/flavored chicken breast dish.  While th lemon sauce was tasty, everything else was only okay.  The veggies and potatoes were there and did not help complement the dish at all.  I didn't like the olive oil and vinegarette in the middle because it made it very difficult to enjoy the bread.
4	service wasnt the best but the food was delicious!!! italian style pizza and risotto!!! had a peach champagne mmhmm!!
4	I dont have much experience on the Vegas dinner scene, but in my opinion this is a solid lunch, early dinner spot.  Great pastas and pizzas, it's super nice to sit "outside" on the square and enjoy your food.We had the gnocchi, pizza with truffle oil, and the seafood pasta.  All of which were above average.  Pizza was nice and thin, which is exactly how I like it.  The gnocchi was unreal, fluffiest and softest gnocchi I think I've ever had.  Didn't pay much attention to the quality of the wine/drink list, but it seemed adequate for the type of restaurant it was.  The service was great, waiter was very friendly.  Although it should be noted that both me and my wife could've sworn he was on some kind of drugs, he still did a great job!  Dress code seemed to be Vegas casual, which is pretty much whatever you want.We brought our son here (1.5 yr old) and they were both very nice and accommodating to us, so if you are here with kids (which I don't know why we or anyone would want to be) this place is great for that.
2	Food is ok , I've had better.  Small place kinda cute.  Don't care too much for it.
2	The bread was awesome and the virgin olive oil fantastic, but the rest our our food was entirely missing flavor until we added some of the marinara to our gnocchi and chicken.  We also returned the ceasar salad due to a fishy taste.
4	Love this place....always have.  Great food and wine.  Had the Ossobuco con Risotto Allo Zafferano on my last visit and it was excellent.  One of our family favorite restaurants at the Venetian.  Been there many times and will continue to go.
2	Had a business dinner here last night.  Granted there were 20 of us, however dinner took in excess of 3.5 hours.  For the group that large we weren't allowed the full menu and the courses still took and extremely long time to get to us.Two of the lobster spaghettis got sent back for being way overcooked, and one fish was exchanged entirely for being bad.My filet was not bad.
4	A great romantic dinner with the hubby.  We went to Canaletto for dinner and it was great.  The Bellini's were delicious and the food was exceptional.  I had the chicken and my husband had the steak, we had no complaints at all, except about how stuffed we were afterward.  It was a very nice setting with the trio playing in St. Mark's Square, nothing like having dinner under the stars with live music in the background.
3	We had originally wanted to go to Bouchon but since it was a two hour wait we walked around the Venetian and found Canaletto.  Having walked by here numerous times and having never been here I was happy to give this place a chance since it meant I have a new place to yelp about.To start off with the waiter was rather weird.  He was snobbish, walked around like he had something better to do, and acted like our questions were a waste of his time.  Well anyway that's how the gf and I felt but since we didn't want any extra surprises in our food we just let it go.  The table ordered a variety of pastas and gf and I ordered squid ink risotto, bruschetta, and calamari to share.  The latter was original, nothing bad and nothing great.  The bruschetta was pretty good but it isn't hard to make decent bruschetta.  The squid ink risotto was decent.  I found the seafood in the dish to be so so, it wasn't piping hot or anything but overall the dish was decent.Now back to the waiter.  Somehow after I ordered the dish and started eating it, he started being nice to me and asking me how I like it, if I've had it, and even coming over and asking me and me only if we needed anything else.  To sum it up, I felt that he out of nowhere started respecting me or that I suddenly joined some kind of Italian dining cult because of my knowledge and liking of squid ink risotto.  (Just an fyi if he's reading, he has no idea how extensive my palate is, don't even try challenging me).  Anyway Canaletto is in the area of St. Mark's Square.  With Otto and Postrio next door, there is patio seating where you can enjoy the faux blue sky of the Venetian roof and also enjoy the entertainment the hotel provides.  I'd probably not come back because there are just too many places to eat in Las Vegas.
4	If you want a quick, light lunch, the bar service at Canaletto might be right up your alley.  Bar staff are congenial, you don't have to squeeze yourself into a "patio" table, and drinks/food come quick.The fried sardines with olive oil, peppercorns, and vinegar-pickled onions was probably the best thing I've had to eat so far this week. Large sardines are butterflied, very lightly battered, deep fried, and chilled. Dressed with the oil and onions, you get the rich oiliness of the fish, the peppery olive oil and peppercorns, and then the tart vinegar onions cut through and freshen the whole thing up. I sopped up every last bit of the plate with crusty bread.Insalata di Pere is a pear salad with very fresh young greens, radicchio, fennel, bleu cheese, toasted pecans, red grapes, and a light olive oil and lemon dressing. Very fresh flavors, and went very well with the chilled fish. Add in a cold Peroni and it's a perfect lunch break.
2	Totally unimpressed.Food: pretty ordinary American-Italian, mostly what you'd expect from a crappy chain restaurant in the middle of nowhere.  They don't use enough salt or spice.  Pasta was cooked properly, which (given how bland the sauce was) surprised me.  The salads weren't fresh, neither were the tomatoes.  In winter, this is forgivable, but not in mid-June.Service: Inattentive, mostly useless.  Glacially slow, had so much difficulty in charging the meal to my room that I gave up and switched to my credit card.  Ambiance: The cheap plastic chairs have seen better days: they look like hell, and they're uncomfortable.  The restaurant doesn't iron their tablecloths and napkins, so the tables look ratty.  It's "outside", as it were, on St Mark's Square in the Venetian.  They're obviously relying on the Venetian's surroundings for their ambiance.  The china is chipped and scratched.  I won't bother going back.
2	The environs of the private room we dined in were nice and the service was above average but not expert. The food was unremarkable.
3	Food was ok..we had the pizza...not ur traditional pizza but maybe because I was really in the mood for a really traditional pizza.  Service was fine...he checked on us from time to time...it was a good spot to ppl watch...but was a bit noisy.
5	Bring your money and your empty stomachs. The portion size is big for an upscale restaurant. The scallops were amazing and cooked perfect. The citrus sauce over the seafood plate was refreshing on my tastebuds. The waitress was really friendly and treated us like kings. Just go in there expecting a big bill. :)
4	We came here on a whim wandering about the hotel and found this cute little place on a pretend outdoor Italy-setting (complete with random pigeons wandering to and fro).The pizzas were thin crust with a flavorful sauce.  They go light on the cheese and put a drizzle of olive oil- classico!  The lamb lasagna was hand-made and unlike any lasagna I've tasted in a good way.  The the layered flavors of tender meat, tomato sauce and cheeses were fab.  I got a cheese ravioli which was delicate and light. Other than being a really small portion - I enjoyed it.Lastly, our server was the coolest!  She knew random stuff about the pastas and told me about their cream soda in their date drink dessert which came from small place in the desert.  Also, she said they had some chocolate from an ex-Nasa guy.  Nice, random info with our meal!
4	The service was attentive and excellent, the food was very good, particularly the cannelloni.  We were fortunate to sit upstairs so we had a view of the gondolas and the square in the Venetian.  A little hokey, but nice....
4	VERY cool atmosphere. We ate here for my boyfriend's birthday dinner. I had made reservations on OpenTable and requested a nice table off to the side and had also mentioned it was his birthday. They put me out of the way and even brought over chocolate cake with a candle. I was very impressed because I had made the reservations 3 months in advance!Food was good. If you have time to linger, go here. We felt a little "ignored" at times. We didn't get bread right away and didn't see our server much but enjoyed sitting "outside"  - You really feel like you're dining Al fresco in Italy. I enjoyed it!
2	This place was just completely meh.  Came here with a group for a birthday dinner when I was in Vegas.  It seems like most people reviewing places in Vegas are pretty high-rollers, who don't balk at a $100/person price tag on a meal, but frankly if I'm paying that much I expect something good.The food was bland and boring, as were the drinks.  I didn't even notice the service, so that suggests to me it was equally bland.  Take your business elsewhere-- it seems like these Vegas restaurants need to learn that people won't just keep coming back and paying prices like that for sub-par food.
2	This place was a bit of a disappointment. Sure, it's a nice little restaurant in St. Mark's Square at the Venetian, the ambiance in nice, but the experience was not so good.Service was slow and spotty. When we were seated, the waitress told us she was sending out water. Said water didn't arrive until we had received our meals and drinks, and only after we asked our waitress about it again. When we were offered parmesan on our food, the man who asked just walked away and vanished. We had to flag down or waitress to get it, who was noticeably absent throughout the evening. She then proceeded to absent-mindedly drop a huge chunk of cheese on the table, only to leave it there throughout the meal.Food was alright and came out very quickly, though it was almost too quickly, as if it had already been prepared before we ordered it. After the whole experience, I would probably not come back. There are many other restaurants nearby to choose from (it is Vegas, after all).
1	This place was probably the worst disappointment of our Vegas trip.  We stayed at Palazzo and wandered over to the Venetian's faux Italy world for dinner.  They had numerous little "outdoor" cafes to choose from, Wolfgang Puck, Mario Batali, and other famous chefs so, we figured any one of them would be extraordinary.  We opted for this little place due to my Italian food obsession.  We ordered 2 pasta dishes (TAGLIATELLE ALLA CASTELLANA and LINGUINE ALLA BURANELLA) , the first was very underdone and bland and other was a hot garlic mess.Really, for the price, I've had better food at The olive Garden
1	Food was mediocre and service was terrible.  The waiter was pushy and rude.  He wouldn't tell me what the soup of the day was because he said he personally didn't like it.  He spent most of his time chatting with a couple at the bar... Never asked how the meal was and never offered a second round of drinks.  I won't be going back.
5	Had my anniversary dinner here last night! The ambience was really romantic even with all the convention goers passing through the whole evening! There was live music playing in the "court yard" in front of the restaurant. The food was delicious! I had the Chicken Canolini and it was perfectly made. Chicken was very tender. Bf had the slow cooked veal in red wine and risotto (recommended by our watier) was amazing. The meat just falls off the bone!! Soo good!! As soon as we were seated,  the waiter learned that we are locals and it was our first time.... as we got ready to pay, the manager brought out a complementary tiramisu (nd said complementary because you guys are locals and its your first time)!!! It was soo yummy (: nd sooo nice of the them. Service was bomb, food was bomb, &the outside seating ambience was amazinnggg. Awesome anniversary dinner. Highly recommended!
4	Had dinner at this place for my Bday this past Monday.  I Give em 4 stars because of the outdoor seating alongside St Marks Square and because of my girlfriend being the one I was having dinner with. Of course all the time I am with her it's an experience of 10 stars. Anyway this place was more like 3 stars, was expecting more. Maybe it was the weird plastic chairs or the food that just came out a little too quick. Hmmmm..... The pizza we had that came topped with Asparagus n Artichokes was average to say the least. The Castellagna pasta dish was a lil better than the pizza. But the star of the show had to be the salmon dish my chick ordered. Now that was a tasty piece of fish! Couple glasses of white wine which washed away of the taste of my mouth of a 20 dollar pasta dish that I think I could have made much better. It is Vegas after all, lots of foreigners so they must cater to them cause thats who we had sitting around us. At least the service was pretty good, that maybe was the best of the dining experience. Oops! Forgot best part of the dining experience was the beautiful sexy woman sitting across from me.
3	This place was adequate. The location was a bit of a let down. The description says the restaurant overlooks the Grand  Canal, but that is only the upstairs room that is only used for private parties. The food was fine, but really nothing out of the ordinary. With so many Italian choices in the same hotel, I will try a different one next time.
4	So, came here late August, a pretty busy time for anywhere in Vegas because everyone is trying to get in their last vacation before Summer is over...Amazing food, amazing ambiance...My biggest qualm was the service... We were a party of four, a pretty young group with the oldest being 23... We were treated as though we were teenagers at an upscale restaurant that DEFINITELY couldn't afford to eat in place like that...Whatevs, I'd go back...
2	We had an extremely mediocre lunch here.  There is nothing that was so memorable about our meal that would ever make me come back.  The setting is nice, in the middle of the Venetian rotunda.  The service was ok, the food itself was so-so.  Mixed results at the table.  I had a risotto which was just ok, a co-worker of mine had a seafood dish which he enjoyed, another had the osso bucco and thought it was terrible. Another co-worker had a very dull looking margherita pizza.  My wife had a very ordinary salad with a very ordinary minestrone. With so many other options in the immediate area, this is one you can skip with no hesitation.  For extremely mediocre Italian food, this is your choice.
4	Very nice venue. Great food! Decent prices for a $$$ place. Ossobuco overcooked unfortunately. Would have been 4.5 stars otherwise.
4	My girlfriend and I had really fantastic service here. She is celiac and our server went out of his way to accommodate her. They have a few gluten free pasta dishes and it's always nice to see a place try to accommodate all the dietary restrictions that are out there. The food was good but not amazing. It was your classic American Italian fare.
2	It's just OK. High traffic due to location, but food was just alright. Service was really good: professional but unobtrusive. Atmosphere is the hook for this place, sitting in the main plaza
3	I have some mixed feeling about this place.... When it comes to the staff - 5 Stars! They are over the top, bend over backwards nice/friendly. They go above and beyond to make sure your meal/experience is a good one. When it comes to the food - it breaks down in two sections. Let's start off with the 5 star section. The bread (I know who rates the bread...me) is delicious. I could make a meal of just eating a loaf or two. And the penne ala vodka is lick the bowl good. The pasta is homemade and the sauce is perfect. Literally I wanted to lick the bowl :-) Oh and the pear four cheese ravioli - OH MY GOD - It was brought out for us just to sample with our meals. So rich and delicious, I was cursing myself that I didn't order it as my main meal. However the fried shrimp, bruschetta and risotto ball is about three stars. The shrimp and risotto ball were a bit over fried and greasy for me and the bruschetta was a bit dry. The salad and steak were also three stars. The salad was average - nothing too exciting on the place. And the steak was just so-so. Sadly, I could have cooked a better one at home (for a third of the price). Not to mention, I really didn't like the sides - roasted potato and a sprinkling of mixed vegetables. Again, nothing to write home about.
5	very nice Place Very Friendly, Awsome Food And Great Drynks
4	What a great place.  The food was excellent and not too pricey.  Although a little stuffy, "do you have a reservation?"....when waiters are standing around and tables are open.Sit at the bar and let Xavier take care of you.  What great customer service....
4	I had late lunch at Canaletto, specifically to taste their seppie nere risotto.  I've had this dish on my to-taste list for a while and found it on their menu via their website.  The risotto was excellent.  The squid ink has a delicate, subtle flavor that complimented the seafood in the risotto.  It paired well with a glass of chardonnay.Just an additional post about squid ink.  I found this interesting and informative:http://www.gourmet.com/food/2009/02/squid-ink
3	So I came here to eat dinner with a big group of friends. The host was very friendly and seated us right away. The waiters we had took a while for everything even when they were standing right next to our table. I ordered the seafood linguine with the white sauce instead of the tomato sauce just because I was feeling towards the white sauce at the time being. The linguine was delicious. The pasta was cooked perfectly along with the clams and shrimps. I'm glad we came here to try some yummy pasta. =)
4	I LOVE Canaletto.  I travel to Vegas several times a year and make it a point to have dinner there at least once during my trip.  The maitre 'd, Marcello, is always polite and welcoming.  I feel like I'm at a hometown restaurant.  Canaletto has a good selection of Prosecco at a reasonable price, and I have never had a meal there that I didn't enjoy.  I love the Insalata Canaletto with the shaved parm, and the Vermicelli Pomodoro is delicious; you get just the right amount of food and it's nice and light, not heavy at all.  My only wish is that they would bring back the cookie sampler; it went great with after dinner tea and coffee.
2	Not the top on my list for Authentic Italian food.  After coming to Vegas a few times I have always seen this place and wanted to stop it.  At last, we look at the menu and decided this was going to be our dinner one night.  We sat down inside and waited about 15 mintues before we were asked what we would like to drink.  We ordered:CAPRESE Sliced vine-ripened tomatoes, fresh mozzarella and basil, drizzled with basil-infused extra-virgin olive oil 10.99 CALZONE Folded pizza filled with mozzarella, mushrooms, ricotta, ham and tomato sauce 15.59LINGUINE ALLA BURANELLA Thin flat pasta with mussels, prawns, scallops and clams seasoned with tomatoes,crushed red pepper, garlic and trebbiano wine 24.99and of course we received sample bread with a balsamic vinegar oil.  The waiter never asked if we were okay or needed anything else after ordering.  The linguine had very little sauce which made you tasting mosty just plain pasta.  Glad I went her eto make a dream come true but wont be back.
5	Service: FANTSTIC! Servers were very informative, friendly and courteous. Never had any issues with them what so ever. Maybe they heard the other yelpers? =)Food: The sample bread was great we had another basket after our first.All our food was hot, fresh and tasty. Sauces were ample and fresh. Pasta was cooked just right and it was delicious. Seasoning was just right, little on the plain side for some folks but I like it that way and of course, it's always better than TOO salty.Wine: They had our usual Port which is Fonseca Bin 27. I strongly recommend it after pasta =)Atmosphere: Great! had holiday music and ton of ppl. Loved it. I did find it a bit strange to hear the musicians play Chinese National Anthem TWICE to please large crowd of Chinese tourist.No offense but I Had mad urge to request God Bless America and Star Spangled Banner 10 times. Should've seen them... crazy clapping and everything yo  -  _____ -Location: It can't be beat. We went 3 times during our stay for dinner and lunch after shopping and walking all day.Overall 5 star! I shall be Back
4	This restaurant is located in the heart of the Venetian, and is surrounded by the shoppes and the beautiful gondola ride.Reservations are a must as waiting times can be lengthy. We had drinks while we waited and I must say that prices for top shelf are rather decent.We had the oysters, and they were as fresh as possible. Then my friends ordered the squid ink risotto, and the tagliatelle alla castellana, while I had the Oso Bucco. All dishes were solid, service was good as well.Nice dining experience, can't go wrong with Canaletto.
4	What a great spot to hit up for lunch if you are near or at The Venetian or Palazzo. You can may choose to sit in the exterior atrium (and stare at the fun faux-clouds) area or in the more intimate interior section. The views of of the Grand Canal and gondolas passing are quite relaxing especially when you may have had your fill on the over-the-top excess of Vegas.We had a party of 9 without reservations, yet they efficiently seated us at a nice table in the interior area. Service was good and the server was very helpful with making suggestions for my vegan diet too. Wine by the glass is affordable. I ordered up a tasty Chianti for around $11 to pair with my salad which was the Insalata Di Pere ($10.99) that was comprised of arugula,, radicchio, frisee, grilled pears, grapes, Belgian endive, toasted pecans, and crumbled blue cheese which I excluded. It was a fantastic start to my meal. The fresh array of breads was replenished throughout the meal can be a danger zone as you can fill up pretty quickly if you're not careful....My main course was the Barilotti Integrali Al Forno and did not disappoint with whole wheat barrel-shaped pasta,chopped eggplant, garlic, peperoncino, tomato sauce and fresh basil. With my vegan diet, I excluded the smoked mozzarella but with all the other fresh flavors, I didn't miss the cheese at all!What a solid meal.Cheers!
3	I've eaten at Canaletto's on a couple of different occasions now so I have mixed reviews.  Group dinning~ is 4 stars if you have a group and reserve their private dinning area.  For larger groups they will arrange a specific dinning menu for you if you desire one.  They do a nice job catering to groups in their private dinning area which is nice and cozy for small to medium sized groups of people.  Their food is usually very good and they have a great wine selection. Regular Dinning~ is 2 stars due to the service you get and the quality of the dinning experience does not hit the mark for what you are expecting.  Our food comes out at varying temps, so we had to send something back twice.  The pasta's dishes are very good but we had their marghetta pizza and their salamone alla griglia.  The pizza was not to temp so we wound up eating the salmone dish first then finishing the pizza later. Our server did not try to make amends with their error.  Me to you ~ this is a very good place to dine if you have a small group and are looking for a place that is cozy and won't cost an arm and leg.  If you're dinning for two, you may consider trying this place or going somewhere else.
3	I don't know how to review this place.....I have been coming here for years and honestly it was great but I have not been crazy about it lately...everyone try's to be Italian host,waiters bussboy...but they are all Eastern European which is fine but speak English instead of butchering the Italian language.  I have tried most of the menu in the past, my favorite is the veal ouso bucco everything else is borderline chain restaurant quality....however if you get a table in the outdoor veranda you will likely not even know the food is just ok because the obeisance is terrific. I still would recommend this place but if you have good Italian food in your area you will not be Impressed.  Not the best in Vegas but worth trying at least once.
3	We first ate at Canaletto in 2001, when we first moved here and since then I have raved about a three-mushroom ravioli we had for lunch. Alas, they've not had that entree since and I always thought it was the best pasta I'd ever had. I still do. We ate at Canaletto with some friends a couple of nights ago and it was, well, alright. There were four of us and with gratuity it was about $35 apiece, a bit high for pasta dishes and salads with one dessert; all of which were, well, good, but just a level or so above mediocre. Sitting outside and "[staring] at the fun faux-clouds" as Marcia M. noted is fine; actually nice, once or maybe twice. The noise, however, is borderline intolerable and most of all, the Venetian's mimes seem to be gone. And what the devil is it with diners and computers. Yeah, Canaletto has wi-fi, or the Venetian does but I find it annoying to go to a restaurant like this and see folks typing away on computers. Who the h*** is that important that he or she needs to be connected 24/7. So, perhaps, all who do this will take this strong hint: Leave your d*** computers at home when you dine out; stop texting in movie theatres...or just eat a Burger King.Perhaps living in Las Vegas with all its great restaurants has jaded me a bit, but I'd rather go to Buca...
1	Never again, despite the nice atmosphere.Maggiano's across from the Wynn (corner of Fashion Show Drive and Las Vegas Blvd) is nearby and MUCH MUCH BETTER IN EVERY WAY!Canaletto was my choice for our Valentine's Day dinner. The setting in the faux Venetian square is very nice. We had a late lunch at their bar a few months before, and liked the lunch fare. However, the dinner experience was severely disappointing.- HORRIBLE reservation service. We were running about 20 minutes late for our 4:30 PM reservation. I called the restaurant 30 minutes before our scheduled reservation and told them we were running about 20 minutes late. I was informed that our reservation would be canceled if we were 15 minutes late. Not a common practice, but it was Valentines Day, so fair enough. I imagined that they were overbooked and trying to squeeze everyone in. We rushed through getting out of the hotel (my lady still finishing up in the taxi). We rushed the taxi driver. We practically ran through the Palazzo. We got there exactly 15 minutes late. The place was EMPTY. Yes- we were RUSHED to get there by the restaurant only to find that we could have just walked up and gotten a table! Needless to say we were not happy, and not a great way to start the evening. IN ADDITION, during the entire 2 hours we were there the restaurant was never more than 50% full! - "OUT" of Dessert. It's Valentines Day. What is one of the favorite treats on this day? Chocolate! For dessert we ordered the Dark Chocolate Mousse. 5 minutes later we were informed that they were "out". Keep in mind that this was at 6PM. The restaurant was 40% full and it was early in the evening. Simply NO excuse for this. There were no other chocolate desserts on the menu. We went to Godiva. - Food was 2 stars. Nothing to write home about. The risotto was over salted. The salmon was over cooked and dry. The calamari was so rubbery and tasteless that it might as well have been tire tread. The rest of the meal was just OK. Definitely more Olive Garden than what you would expect.
2	Where do I start, I gues by saying that the location of this restaurant is the highlight, however you have mario batali and wolf gang puck close by which are much better choices.  We came in with high expectations as it was recommended by the hotel staff.  Ordered calamari and bruschetta for appetizer, calamari was decent but nothing special and the bruschetta was probably the worst I ever had.   The bread was ok, but the tomatoes were salty, and they are warmed in the oven making it mushy, more salty and yucky.  enough said, not good.  0-2for entrees we shared a margherito pizza which was pretty decent, and a seafood entree.  The pasta was hard, very undercooked, especially for my taste, seafood was plenty but the taste and sauce were lacking.  Dessert time, italian restaurants usually have decent desserts, coffee and tea were ok but took a while.  The tiramisu, came about 10 minutes before drinks, and it didnt look appetizing at all, it taste just as bad as it looked.  There was no flavor, wow, I wasted 8 bucks on lady finger cookies with cream.  Horrible, so, is it the worst in the world, no, but for the price and in Vegas there are many options.  We were so dissapointed that went to Otto next door the following night and had a much better, italian meal.  I wouldnt return to this place for free, and wouldnt recommend anyone going.  Worst than olive garden.  The chef should be ashamed of his food.
2	My boyfriend and I were in a rush to find a place to eat inside the Venetian before watching the Blue Man Group, and so we stumbled upon this cute little restaurant in the middle of the Venetian Shops. I ordered the Beef Risotto and my boyfriend ordered the Cannelloni Di Pollo. I expected a lot from my Beef Risotto since it was priced around $20 for a very small portion of food. The beef was probably the only highlight to the risotto. I did not like the wine sauce that it came with and the risotto tasted hard and not cooked thoroughly. I think I enjoyed eating my boyfriend's food more than my own. His order of the Cannelloni Di Pollo was overwhelmingly cheesy but the chicken and the marinara sauce was good. The service here is the main reason why I give this place only two stars. It was really really pain stakingly SLOW (I even emphasized to our waiter that we had a show to catch!). We were in such a rush to catch our show and almost missed it because of how slow the service was. We waited 15 minutes for someone to bring us our bill and towards the end we just walked up to pay for the meal.I probably won't come back to this place since there are so many better restaurants in Vegas. But I guess if you have all the time in the world and want to pay for overpriced risotto you can give this place a shot.
4	Great food and got seated right away on a Friday evening as long as you don't care that you are seated inside vs. out in the courtyard area. Service wasn't too bad and prices were better than some of the other restaurants surrounding the Venetian. Came here with my family and we certainly enjoyed ourselves! The bread selection with oil was quite tasty.Ordered the rib-eye medium rare and it was cooked to perfection. Very juicy and melted in your mouth. It was plenty food for nearly two to share. Also had a glass of the 'blend 175' wine that went down nice and smooth with my meal. Tried some pasta as well which was cooked nicely with mushrooms, pork, and bacon. YUM! What a treat. 4 people's meals plus a drink each and we escaped for around $180. Really not to shabby!
2	The wait is nuts hostess told us 30 minutes been waiting almost an hour now.  If they say 10 more minutes we are gonna die.  When we finally did get seated the food was good and reasonably priced.  Make sure you get a table outside and make sure you keep the hostess honest on your wait.
4	Let me start by saying, I'm really only rating this based on the pizzas I've had here. I can't comment on anything else because the pizzas are so good and so reasonably priced I never pass them up.This time I tried the Pizza Cristina...YUMMMMMM!!!"Thin-crust pizza with fresh mozzarella, Prosciutto San Daniele, shaved Grana Padano, mushrooms and baby arugula, drizzled with white truffle oil 15.99"I've also had the marghertia and the one with spicy sausage...both also very good but not quite as good as the Cristina.Also, the setting is great right in the middle of St. Mark's Square. The only thing I don't like is that the Ladies' Room is on the 3rd floor.
1	Decent food, small portions. Slow service. "can't split a bill. " save your money.  Eat somewhere else.
5	I had never eaten at Canaletto before, and out of town friends were staying at The Venetian, so it seemed a logical choice to meet there for a dining party of four.  We arrived a little early for our reservation, and only had to wait about five minutes before we were seated in the al fresco dining area of St. Mark's Square.  This turned out to be a very fine choice, as we saw various characters cavorting about and heard different musicians playing tunes in the middle of the square.     I opened with Cozze Alla Marinara, delicious Mediterranean mussels baked in a spicy Marinara and Trebbiano Wine Sauce that yielded a hot tomato-based broth.  This appetizer was followed by a bowl of Minestrone di Verdura, along with excellent artisan bread and rolls and butter.  Olive oil was available had I wanted it.  This homemade soup of the day included pieces of potatoes, tomatoes, carrots, celery, and some noodles, and was topped by fresh grated Parmesan Cheese.Tagliatelle Alla Castellana was a wonderfully cheesy and creamy dish of pasta ribbons tossed with morsels of pork tenderloin, bacon, Grana Padano Cheese and thyme in a luscious Brandy Cream Sauce.  Veal Scaloppine con Speck e Funghi Misti, served with well-made and tasty polenta, was a nicely pounded lean veal entree with mushrooms, and the chunks of Red Potatoes in a side of Roasted Potatoes were nicely browned and fork tender.  Another really good-looking dish at my table was Spaghetti All' Aragosta, which consisted of a whole butterflied Maine Lobster adorned with tossed spaghettini, tomatoes, garlic, and Brandy Sauce.  And, just across from us at an adjoining table, I observed an unusual sight: a whole baked Mediterranean Seabass being released from its encasement in white salt.  I plan to try this next time!Such a fine meal would be deficient if we did not also enjoy a fine dessert.  So, we did!  Crespelle Di Mele was an excellent choice of crepes filled with Granny Smith Apples and pastry cream, dressed with caramelized walnuts, and accompanied by Green Apple Sorbet, caramel, and Creme Anglaise Sauce, along with liberal sprinkling of powdered sugar.  Delightful and refreshing!Service was friendly, swift, and efficient, and the faux open-air ambiance enhanced our enjoyment of the very well-prepared food.  This was Northern Italian Alta Cucina at its finest, mixed with some great Southern Italian peasant cuisine.Five stars from start to finish on this memorable night!
1	Two friends and I headed to Canaletto for happy hour. The hostess rudely told us there was no more room at the 10-seat bar, which was the only place to sit for happy hour, and that we could check back in half an hour, at which point happy hour specials would have been over. Meanwhile, at least 60% of the restaurants outdoor seating ALONE was empty. We were turned down and they lost a sale because of it. I will never come back on that basis alone. I don't understand why we couldn't have been seated somewhere else. Absolutely ridiculous. Do not recommend on this count.
4	My mom raved about this place and it turned out, she hadn't even been there yet!  We went the last time we went to Vegas and it was beautiful, luxurious, and AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS!  There were even some pigeons to make it feel like Italy.  We split two appetizers and both were delicious.Come here for lunch on any weekday and it won't be crowded.  You can get a gorgeous table "outside" in the square.  Its great for people watching and you'll sometimes get random entertainment too.  Everything is beautiful in the Venetian.BONUS: If you are from Orange County, there is one in Newport Beach,
4	This is a restaurant that we must go every time we are in Las Vegas...music playing from nearby, delicious food.
3	Canaletto was good in pretty much all aspects, but not great.  There are plenty of other high-end Italian restaurants in Vegas, and this settles squarely in the middle of them.  I ate here for an early dinner, and the restaurant was mostly empty except for the bar area, which was fairly full for happy hour.The caesar salad was not spectacular, but not bad either.  The gnocchi bolognese was good, but I've had better.  The risotto was better than average, but still a bit disappointing.  The service was average, and our waiter seemed a bit impatient and snooty, but thankfully he wasn't around much.The bottom line: you won't hate Canaletto, but for the same price, there are better choices out there.
4	Pretty decent for basically being in a mall. I had the pear ravioli with asparagus and walnuts. It was very rich but had a lot of good, interesting flavors that was unlike anything I had had before. I ate half of it because it was so rich, so if you aren't too hungry it could definitely be shared. $11.50 for a glass of pinot noir, which wasn't that spectacular considering there were lots of other wines on the menu for $7-8. Probably won't be back considering the saturation of restaurants on the Strip, but I would recommend it.
4	We stayed at the Venetian and came here for Mother's Day dinner. I was quite pleased with the food. The waiter was attentive and brought us ample beverages and bread. The menu also has a decent selection of Italian fare. When the good arrived, I noticed that the portions were rather small for the price (but keep in mind that this is Vegas). I had the gnocchi; the dumplings were fresh and the marinara sauce was fine. My family also found their dishes to be tasty. If you are looking for a nice Italian sit-down restaurant, I suggest Canaletto.
3	The restaurant gave a nice feel of being in Italy, which fits since it is located in the Venetian. I ate here with about 10 girls for a bachelorette party at a huge round table. We all got an array of dishes and I could tell the good from the bad. The bread was fresh and the oil and vinegar was the best quality. I ordered the special of the day which was ravioli stuffed with various cheeses (too many for me to remember) in a spicy marinera sauce. I thought it was cooked extremely well with so much flavor. The dishes that caught my eye for the wrong reasons was the pizzas. Two of the girls ordered pizzas (for some weird reason) and you could tell it wasn't very good because they were actively trying to trade slices for other dishes. I tried a few other dishes, they were good but not mind blowing. Another odd note: since we were right by the kitchen and the chefs were all faced towards us, we would catch them staring in a very creepy way. Just a little weird. Other than that, I thought this place was a decent Italian restaurant.
5	Absolutely delicious. Ii had the seafood spaghetti and my husband had the seafood soup kind of like a fruit de mar or a ciopinni with a toast to dip in the marinara sauce. Let me just tell you it was absolutely delicious. I would say he chose the better entree. Their oyster were absolutely wonderful and clean and fresh. Of course the wait to sit outside over looking the canal was far too long to we opted to dine inside. Very nicely dim atmosphere. Great Service. And yes quite expensive but it's a place to really wine and dine. Luckily we have one here in Newport Beach when we crave for it. =)
3	Great food and ambiance! Service was terrible. She never came back to the table after we ordered our food.
4	There is definitely no shortage of Italian restaurants in Vegas and  I can't exactly compare my experience at Canaletto to other places due to this being only my second trip to Sin City.  What I can say however, is that they provide a solid experience both in service and in the actual meal.  We went ahead and reserved a seat on Open Table, but in retrospect it does not seem necessary.  While busy, there did not appear to be a wait (6 PM.).I guess I'm easily impressed because my waiter could pronounce everything on the menu.  This may not seem like some great feat, but my Indian father and I were butchering the menu like nobody's business.  I was equally as impressed by the prompt service and courteousness of every member of the staff. Now on to the food.  My father got what was essentially a fish stew and he was very pleased.  It was definitely a seafood smorgasbord.  From prawns to shrimp to clams, there was definitely nothing left to want.  I had already partaken in a monster meal at Carnegie deli earlier that day, so I was not interested in one of the heavier meals.  I chose the vermicelli al pomodoro and it was exactly the light meal I was looking for.  The pasta was tossed in a light tomato and olive oil sauce that was very tasty while not being overbearing.  As I mentioned earlier and other reviewers have said, there is a plethora of Italian food in Las Vegas; specifically in the Shops at the Venetian.  With my limited knowledge, I wholeheartedly recommend Canaletto.
3	I'm on the pursuit of happiness, and I knowEverything that shine ain't always gonna be goldHey, I'll be fine once I get it, I'll be good at...CANALETTO! - Kid Cudi (pursuit of happiness)Located in what feels like the heart of the Venetian near the canals, the location could not be any better. We were seated on the outside part of the restaurant so we could watch the performances going on every 15 minutes or so it seemed like. In the middle of the meal there was a performance lady in one of the fake balcony's above the restaurant that started singing opera, which was kind of weird and oddly cool at the same time. We started off with the 'tempura' vegetables and it was really good actually. Yes this place is italian so technically they are fried vegetables but it reminded me of vegetable tempura! Anyways, some good variety including eggplant, asparagus, and the best one of them all: the artichokes. I would've been happy with a full plate of these fried artichokes as they were super tasty and light. For the main course, I had the seafood pasta with tomato sauce. Wow the pasta was definitely al dente, it was really well done although the seafood components weren't special. I couldn't even tell if they were fresh seafood or not; I think the pasta stood out more than the seafood and that's not a good thing. Service could've been better as well, food took much longer than expected and drinks took a while.Food: 3 stars --- Service: 3 stars --- Atmosphere: 4 stars --- Price(value): n/a
2	Disappointing veal scallopini.  Food served cold.  Gave it two stars because bread was good.  Overall very disappointing.
4	We started off our evening at Canaletto with some time at the bar before our reservation. We had a party of five and were waiting for the other two to arrive. I ordered some Makers Mark neat and a very healthy pour arrived (yay booze!). Other members of my party ordered a bottle of wine which was said to be a good deal and a glass of white wine. I can not vouch for either of those since I stuck to the Makers.When the five of us were seated our waiter seemed a little.....out of it. We got some more drinks, and wine and ordered.I ordered the selection of artisanal cheeses, which is a favorite. It arrived some time later with four types of cheese: A blue, two types of parmesan or romano and another which may or may not have been fontina. It was accompanied by crostini, some preserves and grapes. A nice little spread. Another glass of Makers Mark arrived with it as well. So far so good.For my entree I chose something light, enabling the consumption of more Makers Mark. The tenderloin risotto with wild mushrooms was pretty exceptional. Perfectly cooked and expertly seasoned. I didn't eat all of it but did finish another glass of Makers Mark.  There was no dessert.Other members of my party were getting quite loud at that point and we decided that it might be time to go since they weren't seating any more tables near us. Overall the experience and food was great, drink superb and the prices here are really reasonable for the Vegas strip. My risotto was $20 and the cheese plate was $15. Cant remember the price of the Makers.Waiter never quite had it together but whatever, it seemed like four stars at the time.
2	We drove to the Venetian to get a feel of Florence, instead we got a feel of nonsense.To get to the point, my husband's chicken came out, like a 90 year old's vagina.....old, wrinkly and dry. You could tell it had been sitting under a heat lamp forever. My husband returned his meal and exchanged it for a pizza. By the time the pizza came, we were all 90% done with our meals.Then the waiter unapologetically brought out the bill and handed it to me. The bill was $96.00 for 4 people; two individual pizzas, an angel hair pasta dish a side salad...... and that dreaded old chicken was still on the bill, talk about adding an insult to injury!After talking to the manager, the bill was reduced  but that does not change our opinion of the place.The place was very empty compared to the two neighboring restaurants........now we know why.After writing this review, I got an extremely insulting "compliment" which said "Shut up bitch... Dont be cheap next time. Fuck u"Only an idiot would pay for something which was returned and only a balless, faceless coward would be afraid to stand up for himself and pay for it all. That pretty much explains this loser, who only takes the time to write negative reviews.....
4	Ten years ago my hubs and I married on the bridge that no longer exists at the Venetian. We had our post wedding dinner at Canaletto then and were delighted with it so much that we came back for our vow renewal last weekend. I worked with Kelly who got us a room so we could have an intimate dinner with our friends and family. Which we thoroughly appreciated.We went with menu A which features: a salad with a thin lovely slice of I believe pecorino cheese on a lightly dressed plate of mixed greens and two slices of crostini, a large bowl of pasta with bacon, pork and mushrooms in a light sauce or roasted chicken or a ravioli. (That's what our guests got) They were all delighted with what they had. We had three guests who are gluten free and vegetarian and they were able to accommodate them with gluten free pastas and sides of roasted veggies. My son had a large amazing thin crust cheese pizza that my husband devoured our son's leftovers for breakfast the next morning. They continually replenished our table with freshly made rolls that looked like they were lovely leaves on a vine. For dessert we had crepes with sauteed apples and green apple sorbet that was divine. Our server, Jesse, was such a gentleman. He took exquisite care of us and treated our kids like they were adult guests. It was very refreshing. I could not have asked for more from a terrific waiter.
5	AMBIANCE: 5 starsI came here for a company anniversary dinner and we were lucky enough to be seated in the private room on the 2nd floor. This room overlooked the balcony and the Venetian lake / bridge / cobble-stoned floor. The restaurant set up was beautiful and extremely classy. Perfect for a date night!CUSTOMER SERVICE: 5 stars- I felt like a princess! They were like little ninjas, weaving in and out between the diners, cleaning up and serving without any disruption!- They were the most gracious, the most polite, and the most attentive waiters EVER. - We had a team of around 7 waiters constantly going around, checking up on everyone, refilling water, folding napkins, etc.- They cleaned up every every single course and it was refreshing to not have to flag people down in the middle of your conversations.FOOD: 4 stars- It was pretty dericious. I apologize to my fellow Yelpers out there for forgetting which course I chose from the menu (our group had a preset course menu), but I know I ordered the salad (which was very well seasoned and very flavorful) and ordered the steak which unfortunately was a little on the dry side (I asked for Medium Rare).OVERALL: This is a lovely date area (def. romantic), great for people watching especially if you sit outside (also great for making passerbys jealous of your food), and if you're a stickler for customer service like me.. this is definitely the place to go.
4	What a place...What else can you ask for when you are eating in Vegas but you feel like you are in Venice? We got a table outside and the views were amazing. The food was excellent. I went here with a group of 5 people and we loved it. The wines are great and great service. I got the ling with clams and it tasted like the clams were just caught from the ocean. If you are in Vegas, you def need to go here and experience a great night out in one of the nicest hotels in Vegas. There is nothing bad to say about this place at all and it is a must when you are in Vegas.
5	It's not hard to find amusement, but good and affordable food are as rare as a thunderstorm in sin city. Enter Canaletto.Situated in the Venetian, which by the way is my favorite hotel, Canaletto and its italian cuisine perfectly match the rest of the environment.Luckily, we reserved: when we got there there was a 45 minute wait. However, the gentleman at the entrance was not too gentle just because we asked for a table 'outside' and he didn't have one. Once seated, our waitress was very kind and she accomodated our request to eat in a reasonable amount of time since we had to attend a show later on.Appetizers- Fried Mixed Vegetables: the frying was light and the vegetables were very tasty. As Italian, I never tasted fried tomatoes but that didn't disturb the overall flavor of the plate- Herb and Taleggio Flan (special of the day): if you love cheese and it's on the specials menu, you must have this! Hot cheese mixed with vegetables....yum!Entrees:- Branzino al Prosecco e Zafferano: the branzino was delicate and cooked to perfection. The menu promised mashed potatoes but got spinach instead :(- Risotto Sant'Erasmo: we couldn't really taste the crab, but other than that the risotto was perfect.Overall we were very pleased with the dinner and the price. If you are in the mood for Italian and you find yourself near the Venetian, I think Canaletto is your best choice.
4	Dined at Canaletto with a group and we had a fantastic table on the patio out by the square. So fun! Started with some drinks and an amazing seafood platter! Crab legs, lobster, shrimp, mussels, and crab claws. Wow. Went for the insalata di pere. I loved it. Great combo of flavors. For dinner I had the pear ravioli with walnuts, sauce was rich but not too thick. The asparagus added a nice crunch and flavor. Husband went for the bone in ribeye. He liked it. The only thing that didn't wow were the side of white beans with the steak. Not bad, just not as much flavor as i expected with how great everything else was. I tried a friends risotto. Wow, it was the one with beef and mushrooms, amazing depth of flavor. Service was good. The whole table loved the meal. I would totally go back. And, the mgr was nice enough to show us a quick way to get another hotel for our show.
3	No reservations got seated right away, not too busy. Waiter was funny, an older guy. After a while he gave us suggestions. I had the penne with meat sauce, which was good but nothing spectacular. I forget what my gf had but she wasn't impressed either.
3	I love the Venetian replica of the Piazza San Marco. I had eaten at Canaletto for dinner my last trip and it was such a wonderful experience that I went back this trip too. However, this time I had lunch...and it wasn't that great. The ambience is wonderful no matter what time you go though and I highly suggest sitting on the patio so you can people watch. I realize people watching in Vegas is amazing no matter what but wedding parties frequent this area as some actually get married riding the gondolas in the Canal. There are also singers and mimes in the Piazza that are fun to watch. I assumed they would have a different menu for lunch or even a brunch menu...but no, same menu all day. They only have heavy meats and pastas so I couldn't find anything I really wanted. Plus my girlfriend ate a huge pasta dish and had to take a nap afterwards! Lunches that make you want to nap are not good in Vegas!!
5	Delicious food, honest pricing, a great St. Mark's environment. This will now be one of our go-to dinner places when at the Venetian.
4	Came here for dinner late on a Saturday and didn't have to wait.My fiance had a veal and polenta, which he seemed to like.  They were very accommodating with my dish -- I got the pasta ribbons, omitting the bacon and switching the cream sauce for tomato.  It was pretty good, though the pasta wasn't all that tender and the tomato sauce a bit salty.  But hey, I made the substitutions, so it's not the dish the chef means to serve, I guess.  I'm just happy that there was the option.The amount of bread they give is very generous.  Service was nice but not particularly warm or anything.
1	I set up a private room for 20 people after my wedding on the wedding bride right next to Canaletto.It was a terrible experience!  My wife and I showed up after our families, since we were taking pictures on the grounds, and the moment we showed our families informed us that a live cockroach was found on the dining table.  The server grabbed it with a glass and plate and proceeded as if nothing happened. I then asked to speak to the manger.   We worked out that is discount would be applied to our bill. Sadly, this was not the end of it. We went 35 minutes unattended and the table was broken which kept hitting the bride's father on his legs. Once more I asked to speak to the manager, by this time my wife was extremely sad, upset, and embarrassed.To top it off the food was sub-par. My steak was not cooked as I order it and my wife's fish was not cleaned properly.  The apple crepe dessert was soggy and thick.  Overall, this was a horrible way to spend our wedding reception.
2	Have been here three times due to convenience. Unfortunately convenience does not translate into good food or service. Slow slow slow and the food was not worth the wait. What made it worse last time was watching everyone enjoying their food next door at Otto so much and also knowing that B&B was right beneath us.  Third time was not a charm and I will not be going back.
3	Decent restaurant as we went here as it had plenty of tables to eat at and we all liked Italian food.  The food was good but not great.  The service is okay as this place is a big production restaurant so there are lots of waiters running around.  My veal was a little tough and lacked flavor.  The calamari appetizer was good but typical.  With tip, our meal ran $300 for two pasta dishes, one veal, one calamari and two bottles of wine.  I probably won't be back as there are lots of interesting places nearby.
4	I'm afraid I have to lower Canaletto a peg.  It may have just been mainly what I ate this time.  Homemade light Minestrone Di Verdura Soup was good; Insalata Cesarina with a light Caesar Dressing was excellent; and crusty Italian bread and rolls were really good with butter.  Roasted Potatoes were very good, as well.  But what was supposed to be the piece de resistance--a whole salt-encrusted Branzino--was just a very moist but rather bland fish.  And, once it was deboned, it reduced down to a smaller edible portion than I expected.  Plus, I still wound up with 4 bones in my mouth on different bites.Service was otherwise excellent; the ambiance on the patio of The Venetian's St. Mark's Square with electronic violins playing nearby was very nice; and Crespelle Di Mele was once again an excellent dessert, with Colombina al Cioccolato very good as well, as a second sweet ending for my party of four.But next time I will return to mussels and pasta!
1	AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE.Came here for a late dinner around 10pm the last time I was in Las Vegas and while the ambiance was relatively pleasant, I was thoroughly appalled by the overpriced food they were serving and the incredibly slow (non) service.If you're forced to eat here, definitely sit outside on the patio. People raving about the ambiance like it is was God's gift to men--wait, what? Have you never seen the sky before? It was simply a restaurant with patio seating with views of the artificial sky dome of the Venetian Hotel plaza. If you wanted a nice meal under the "sky", chewing a piece of gum outside on the Strip would be more enjoyable.  Also, descriptions of this place being classy is REALLY pushing some low standards.Service was nonexistent and glasses were left unfilled for 30+ minutes. They only took our drink orders at the beginning of the meal and never asked again. One should never be left thirsty in Las Vegas.The food here is on par with a Chili's (ew). We ordered Caprese, Beef Carpaccio, and a charcuterie plate.  Our waiter messed up the order and gave us a Calamari (the calamari wasn't awful). The meats in the charcuterie assortment were sodium-loaded and of very low quality and for the first time in my life, I left unfinished slices of proscuitto on the plate.  I ordered gnocchi, and it was not good--pasta texture was soggy and overcooked, served lukewarm, bolognese sauce tasted like it came out of a can leftover from WWII. Tried some of my friend's pizza...wish I hadn't.Ordered hazelnut gelato for dessert--too sweet and literally the smallest portion of gelato I have ever received. How did we go from large, crass serving portions to Canaletto's sad attempt at molecular gastronomy dessert plating?You'd be better off saving your time and money by having a satisfying quick meal at the food court if you're hungry in the Venetian.
3	Went there for a wedding. The food was mediocre (Canneloni) and the service was below average... I would never go back there because the quality of the food was average and I don't eat at average tasting restuarants if I can help it.
3	This is a beautiful restaurant, and unfortunately you don't get to see most of it unless you use the bathroom upstairs.  It's great to get a table outside, but take a stroll inside and see what they've done with the place.  The upstairs section would be a great place to throw a party.We were walking through The Venetian and decided to grab a bite here.  Unfortunately, I probably would have liked dinner here better.  The pizzas and pastas coming out looked excellent, but I just wasn't that hungry.  I got the carpaccio and a beer.  Peroni is always good on tap and I get Stella all the time, but other than that there isn't much to choose from.I was a little dissatisfied with the carpaccio.  Splotches of it would stick to the plate.  I don't know if it was cut too thin or there wasn't enough oil, but it should slide off my plate and into my mouth, not stick to it like it were sitting under a hot lamp.  Now, I don't think it was, but that's the only way I can seem to describe it.Saying that, I wouldn't order the carpaccio again, but I would go back and try some of those tasty looking pizzas I saw going to tables.
4	Good food, ok service. Nice spot for tourists with open air entertainers but not conducive for business meeting unless seated inside.
4	Tried the risotto for dinner, it was very good. The main points I liked about this eatery were its location/ambiance and the service was pretty spot on. It's indoors of the Venetian hotel, amidst the operatic performances & surrounding Canal shoppes---it really felt like you were in Italy in a way ;) Our waiter was actually from Italy so he definitely had the Italian accent going on, so cool!The dishes were simple and tasted freshly made.  We had their calamari which was extra flavorful. Got a mini cappuccino at the end of our dinner which was a nice treat. I would surely come back here again when I'm in Vegas!
1	Amazing food. We really love it. Only one slight problem. We like to sit at the bar. Our last two trips there have been interrupted by cockroaches crawling up the front of the bar inches from my wife. Once, we gave them a pass, twice we called the Clark County Health Department.  Risotto at $22...does that include or exclude the roaches....you'd never be able to tell!
5	My friend and I went there right away when we got in for lunch. Location is great - right in the atrium of the Venetian. They put on shows with singers and you can watch free entertainment. Also by the canals. Prices were very reasonable for the amount and quality of food. We started with a drink and soup of the day - DIVINE. Both got sizable entrees. I got the fish of the day which was melt in your mouth delicious and my friend got the pasta which was very freshly made. Then we got free dessert for a birthday we celebrated. Great authentic Italian customer service. Highly recommend going there for a meal.
2	Ate here 3 times in a week, none of the meals was particularly good. There was nothing memorable from the pasta, chicken, or the salad I had tried. Nothing was "bad", but nothing to write home about, that's for sure.
5	This restaurant is amazing - the food is delicious, the service great and the atmosphere is entertaining and relaxing.  I LOVE the $7 deals too during happy hour, what an amazing deal.
5	For the first time in a long time, I felt I was eating something different than the usual vegetarian pasta/pizza in an italian ristorante.Husband and I ordered the mushroom risotto and a stuffed pear ravioli dish. The risotto was crunchy (it had pine nuts) and cheesy without being too heavy. The pear ravioli dish was out of this world good. I was a little hesitant before ordering this as I thought the pear might make the dish sweet but that was not true. It had a balance of all flavors.Service was very friendly. The olive oil/balsamic with bread at the start were tasty too. I just wanted other variety of bread besides the ciabatta served but they were all out of their sesame and wheat rolls.Pretty reasonably priced- bill for 2 was 60 bucks for these 2 dishes+gratuity. It is located in St Mark's Square in the Grand Canal Shoppes so a good opportunity to catch some show there with dinner.I am definitely returning on my next trip to Vegas!
4	We got married at the Palazzo 3 years ago and had our dinner reception at Canaletto. We came back this X-mas for our anniversary and were trying to order some of the items from the wedding during lunch. Apparently the menu was a special menu. So instead we got the pizza Cristina, the mushroom soup, and a 1/2 dozen oysters to start. The oysters were nothing spectacular, husband didn't care much for it. The soup was tasty and the pizza was delicious. I do love the arugula with prosciutto and Parmesan combination. The service was great and our waiter did try with our wedding menu. The one thing I did manage to get from then, a glass of the sgroppino, which was as good as I remembered it. Overall, we'll becoming back for future anniversaries.
5	I went to Canaletto last month while staying at the Venetian for a work conference. My whole experience at Canaletto was a great one. The food, the service, and the ambiance were all magnificent.For dinner, I had the Scaloppine con funghi e speck, which was veal scaloppine topped with portobello mushroom, fontina and speck (think prosciutto), all served with grilled polenta ($26). I enjoyed every bite of this delicious meal. I also enjoyed several glasses of a delicious pinot noir, which one I couldn't tell you.Thankfully, when I went to Canaletto, it was for a work dinner so the bill wasn't on me because it is a bit pricey for someone in their young 20s.I will highly recommend Canaletto.
4	The restaurant is beautiful restaurant inside and out.  Great menu choices.    The homemade ravioli with pear and asparagus was very good. Excellent service.  Friendly staff.
4	I've been to Vegas 4 times in the last 4 years and I've always made it a point to go to the Canaletto at least once during each visit. The ambiance alone is worth the trip; under the beautiful atrium, with the canals close by and live entertainment right in front of the tables; however, the food and service competes for your attention as well. (My friends and) I've had nearly every dish offered on the menu, and I can safely say they excel in everything they make.
3	We recently came to Las Vegas to celebrate my Birthday and one of the main things we were looking forward to was the gourmet food!!! On the second night that we were there, I was surprised with a night out at the BEAUTIFUL Caneletto Restaurant located in St. Mark's Square at the Venetian Hotel. We said outside of the main restaurant where we had a remarkable view of the piazza. The ceiling is painted powder blue with white fluffy clouds so you actually feel like you are eating outside at a street cafe in Italy!!! To start, my Bear had the Insalata Di Pere which was absolutely delicious! It had fresh arugula, grilled pears, grapes, endives, crumbled blue cheese and toasted pecans topped off with a pomegranate dressing. I opted for the traditional Caprese Calda that came with fresh sliced Mozzarella, tomatoes, basil and drizzled with balsamic reduction. For our main dishes, my Bear had Vermicelli Al Pomodoro that came with angel hair pasta, chopped fresh tomatoes, marinara sauce, fresh basil, garlic and olive-oil. He tends to love lighter-sauced dishes which this certainly was, however it was accompanied by a VERY distinct "firy, woody, burned" taste to it. He had me try it and I instantly could taste it for myself. We were the last seating of the night, so it made us wonder if maybe the sauce had burned at the bottom of the pot and that was what they used. I myself had the Tagliatelle Alla Castellana with Pasta ribbons tossed with pork tenderloin, bacon, shiitake mushrooms, Grana Padano and thyme in a cream sauce. It was absolutely delicious and the taste was very rich due to the thickness of the sauce so I realistically could have had half the portion. I wasn't even close to finishing the bowl and I felt awful wasting such delicious food! Our waiters were all very professional and prompt and encouraged us to view the dessert menu, however by the time we finished our dishes, neither of us had any room! I would certainly recommend this place to anyone passing through the canal shops, and I would say it would probably be a great lunch spot as well! Service was 5 star and the was about a 3.5. I hope this serves as beneficial to any upcoming tourists!
1	Food just ok for a $130 dinner but the service was by far the worst we had ever had in a nice restaurant.   Won't go back and can't recommend it.
5	Very Nice Restaurant with a lovely atmosphere right in St. Mark's Square of the Lovely Venetian Hotel and Casino. I made a reservation for a large party and the manager gave us a very nice semi private area. I asked for some special cooking instructions for my meal and it was carried out exactly as I had hoped! The service was very good as well!
4	We made Valentine's Day reservations for four and were seated right away! I was so worried about a wait, but we had no wait at all! The waiter was very prompt with food and drink and I think he was from Italy! The risotto was to die for and I am still craving the olive bread! The only downside was long trek up two flights of stairs for restroom, but at least it was clean and well decorated! We will definitely go here again because it brought back fond memories of our honeymoon in Venice :)
3	Decent food in a decent restaurant by a decent staff.  Nothing horrible yet nothing memorable.  You could do better and you could do worse.  I guess that is three stars.
4	The ambience is beautiful, elegant, romantic and lively. I requested patio seating that gives you a view of the St. Mark square. The waitress was very attentive, professional, and friendly. The Seabass was cooked to perfection. My boyfriend had the oysters for appetizer and he said it was one of the best oysters he had tasted. They have a very great selection of wine. The tiramisu was my favorite. They make it with real lady fingers.
4	Had a catered dinner here with 40 colleagues. Food was very good, service very good. Great location - even enjoyed a live string quartet playing in the "courtyard" outside the restaurant's entry.Definitely would go again.
3	Great happy hour specials. It was nice to get $7 drinks instead of the usual $18 Vegas price tag. The food was just okay. Nothing special. Great place to hang out and relax. They appear to always have a lot going on in their courtyard
2	This is not a top restaurant in any way, more like an average lunch joint in my home TownI ordered a bottle of sparkling water, I never got it.I didn't get my appertizer until I asked for it and that was after all others had finished their first course.By that time my warm tomatoes with mozzarella was Cold tomatoes with mozzarella. Just an "I'm sorry" from the waitress nothing elseI was hungry and not in the mood for an argument or a fight. I already had my doubts about this place....My main course was grilled fish with vegetables. The fish was OK but nothing special The vegetables were overcocked.My brother got micro heated spagetti dish, at least it felt that way he told me, it was like a skin Surface on top of the food.In every way average but what could you expect for a restaurant in that size?
4	Descend Service, food is above expectation, able to serve dish that are not on menu to cater.  Will go back again.  Their best are their risotto.  Very rich and favorable.
4	Great food, great local, reservation and table were ready as our party of 6 arrived. Center of the action.  We will return.
5	Amazing!!!! We are in Vegas once or twice a year and we always go here. We have been here four times already and every time we have had great service, amazing food, and awesome waiters with great knowledge of the menu. This last time, my fiance described what he was craving and couldn't find it on the menu, the waiter made up something paired it beautifully with his wine! Top notch place One of my favorites of all time!
2	Good food.  Terrible service.  And a manager who had no idea what she was doing.  Hey, how about getting to the table that is complaining within 5 minutes, not 20?  Why wasn't she on the floor.  Why did it take 3 people to find her?  The waiter sucked and didn't upsell a thing!  One drink for my husband and never asked him if he wanted another?  This is Vegas isn't it?
5	Top Notch, World Class. Yes, Absoloutely
5	This place deserves better reviews than people are giving it.  I guess it comes down to experience - some people have servers or cooks on bad days - but for me and my girlfriend, we have nothing bad to say.This was her first trip to Vegas.  I'd been a few times, but we wanted her trip to be perfect, so we did a lot of research and planned it all.  Its really difficult to avoid Italian food in Vegas, and we both love Italian, so we knew one night would probably end up with Italian.  We chose Canaletto because in the end, it was better reviewed, had "patio" dining (though obviously, its inside the shops at Venetian, so its not exactly outdoors), and had a menu that had multiple options for both of us.First, to anyone who hasn't been to Vegas before and thinks eating inside a mall is a bit tacky - these are malls in Vegas.  The shops at Venetian are set up to look like streets in Venice - there's even a river that runs through it and you can take gondola rides.  It is gorgeous.  Moreover, they had live music in the square, so even though there were a lot of people walking around, it was easy to ignore them because of the beautiful architecture, the music, and of course, my gorgeous girlfriend.  My point is that even though you're inside the shops, it was still romantic and beautiful.  If you look at the pictures, you will also see the inside of the restaurant is also very classy and pretty.Service was excellent.  Our server was attentive, brought us extra bread when we wanted it, had our water glasses filled, and timed the meal perfectly.Food was delicious.  I got Tagliatelle Alla Castellana - pasta ribbons with pork, bacon, mushrooms and a brandy cream sauce.  My girlfriend got something called Barilotti, but I can't find it on their menu now and I don't recall what it was.  She's a vegetarian though, and loved it.  Me, obviously not a vegetarian, and loved mine, too.  Both had a glass of a special Pinot Grigio they had, which we both enjoyed, too.Needless to say, we were very happy.  Canaletto is an upscale, but casual, delicious Italian restaurant that is moderately priced.  You can go there dressy or casual.  All in all, a terrific restaurant.
4	Nice private room overlooking mark's squate - Il Moro. Staff members seemed not experienced but no major complaints
5	My wife and I ate here over the weekend. It did remind us, although on a much smaller scale, of our trip to Venice and St. Marks Square. My wife had a risotto dish, which she loved. I ordered the tagliatelli. Very good food. Great service.
4	I dined at Canaletto with my wife and it was a nice experience. It had a nice ambiance, our server was very attentive and the food was good to very good. We opted for sharing multiple appetizers so our dinner would be tapas style and taste as many different dishes as possible. We also went for the less common ones: a sardine dish that was very good and some middle of the road ones: carpaccio. I would rate this restaurant 3.5 stars.
5	My husband and I planned our wedding reception here.  We had never been to Canaletto before and planned everything online through the event coordinator before coming to Vegas. For our reception, we had a cocktail hour in the upstairs lounge and reserved the Murano room for our dinner for about 35 guests.  Everything was outstanding!  During the cocktail hour, we had hors d'oeuvres served to all of our guests. Everything was delicious and nothing was leftover! For dinner there were 4 choices for our guests. The steak was cooked to order. My husband ordered the steak rare and it was perfect! I ordered the chicken and it was amazing - it was basically half of a roast chicken - juicy and delicious! Other people I talked to who ordered the salmon and the pasta dishes thought they were delicious.  Aside from the food, the view from the room was wonderful - we could look out from the second floor to see the entire St Mark's indoor square at the Venetian. And I couldn't be more happy with the staff. They were attentive to all of our needs. We picked out special wines to serve with dinner and we made a last minute change to open the cocktail hour to a full bar as opposed to wine and beer only.  The manager and servers checked in with us throughout the event to make sure we were happy with everything.  Having our reception here was stress-free and we are extremely happy with the entire experience. I highly recommend Canaletto!!
4	The food and service at this place were awesome. We couldn't decide where to go as there are so many choices in the venetian/palazzo!Our waiter was an older man with an accent that made it really feel like an Italian place!We started with the bread with oil & vinegar- the rolls with the olives in them were perfectly balanced.  Then we shared the caprice salad - the fresh mozzarella couldn't have been better and paired well with the fresh basil and tomatoes.  Then I had a risotto that had beef tenderloin, mushrooms and parmesan cheese in it - it was mouth watering good.  The other person with me had their signature calzone - I had more than a bite of it because it was that good and was oozing cheese!The prices here were more than reasonable especially for the exceptional service.  If you needed a plate taken away or a glass refilled they were there before you could ask!Sitting in the promenade area getting to see one of the Carnevale shows at the same time made this experience perfect.
1	After just having such an excellent and wonderful experience with both food and service at the Canaletto in Newport Beach, I was utterly disappointed in this LV location.I had the most condescending and rude server....ever!!If it wasn't a business dinner, I would of complained about him right there and then. Better yet, I would of said something to his face. I mean who...WHO would actually say, "What do you mean by bland?" Which was said with the most sarcastic tone and look on his face. I mean do I have to really explain what bland means to a server??!!  He works for a restaurant, for goodness sake. Did I really need to pull out my phone and Google the word for him? Bland means no taste, needs more seasoning, taste like nothing...no flavor! But really, how about taking it as a cue that I didn't like it. Perhaps even ask me if I wanted something else in replace of that? Any "nice, sit down" restaurant would do that. Even Applebee's would do that. But instead, he had the nerve to ask one of the other business associates, who had ordered the exact same thing, and sat all the way across the table, if his was also bland. What the??! But I shouldn't feel so special. He had that condensing tone with a few others, even right as we sat down. I won't go into every detail or else this would be an essay. He even threw in some inappropriate comments. It was just so awkward for him to be standing over me that I didn't want to make a scene and just said never mind and continued to eat this undesirable dish. Believe me, it was hard. More so, if you know me..it was really, really hard not to say anything. This guy was just a complete joke and definitely should not be working in the hospitality industry. Even Applebee's servers wouldn't dare speak to their patrons like that. Everyone was trying to keep their professionalism throughout the night as we were all looking at each other dumbfounded by this guy's actions.Fortunately, one of the other associates I was sitting next to, took it upon himself to inform the restaurant as we were wrapping up for the night. Supposedly, they took my meal off the bill and two others that had issues with theirs as well. But really, what was that going to do for us at that time. My meal was being taken cared of by the company and that wasn't the point. I would of appreciated an apology from the server or management. But no one came to the table to do so. I guess that goes to show you that the restaurant as a whole does not apply the same patronage or customer service values that this so called fine dining chain does at the Newport Beach location.BTW, the server's name is Josh. Yup, if you're reading this, Applebee's would of chewed you up and spit you out for this. You're a douche for all those comments and a horrible server. Just plan bad.
4	The "outdoor" St Mark's Square dining was a 45 min wait but inside, no wait. There were both booths and tables in a dim but romantically lit area with nice linens. Service was quick which was nice, as I was exploring fine dining with a toddler-always a challenge. Bread with a vinegar oil dip was served immediately, and our orders taken quickly. The magherita pizza was very good, quite authentic and tasty. My son was especially fond of it.The veal scaloppini was good I think...I am not a veal fan but tried a bite and it came with grilled eggplant and caprese, yum!The beef risotto was very rich with butter, rosemary, red wine flavors that accented the beef well.Plates are generally $20+ and not huge portions, which is a common theme in the Venetian. Other waiters and waitresses stopped by to make sure we had a good dining experience and to wave at my child. That was nice.
4	I'd give this place 3.5.Service : I got my appetizer before I even got a glass of water and bread...The server was in a bad mood before we even got to our table, so it felt like we were annoying her even more by sitting in her section and eating there. The host - told me to wait, than 30 sec later he is smiling again telling me exact same thing he told me 30 sec ago, and then he says, "oh, wait, didn't I speak to you already". I was like yeah, man, less than a  minute ago! Pull yourself together.Food: it was good, the salad tasted yummy, warm octopus salad was delicious...My girlfriend ordered an entree - scallops. The scallops were huge, juicy and fresh, but not seasoned at all.Overall the freshness of food and the quality is good, but the service is letting the place down. I understand they are super busy, but I am not paying money for frustration, I am paying for a pleasant experience, and I hope that management will figure things out.
5	"Super Delicious!!!"This restaurant is located in the Venetian Hotel. The ambiance is exquisite and the food is out of this world. The service is top of the line. If you are looking for a place that serves excellent Italian food where you don't have to dress up (jackets for men) then this is the place for you. Both my husband and I will definitely return. Visited July 2013
3	GREAT Service - our server was wonderful - attentive, but not hovering.Canaletto is part of the Il Fornaio empire. Not a big deal to most, but if you do not like chains, just be aware. The Canaletto menu was extensive, and did indeed remind us of an Il Fornaio. We visited as part of a school reunion group and the venue had several large tables so they were obviously well-equipped to handle larger parties. We were seated within the restaurant near the salad station and stairs to the restroom - it doesn't sound very nice, but it was surprisingly quiet and allowed everyone at the table to catch up and reminisce without having to shout, which was wonderful!Again, our service - unfortunately I can't recall his name, but he was great. We started with an Insalata di Pere (Arugula, radicchio, frisee, Belgian endive, grilled pears, grapes, blue cheese, toasted pecans, pomegranate dressing). The salad was nicely dressed and had a good flavor, but the pears were hard to find and the sweet of the fruit and dressing was not able to overcome (or even complement) the bitter of the greens. Next, the gnocchi Bolognese (Potato dumplings with traditional meat ragu). The Bolognese sauce was lovely, but I had a bit of an issue with the size of the gnocchi - I realize that this is completely subjective, but they were too large. About double the size of traditional gnocchi (aka bize-size), I found myself having to cut them in two after stuffing the first whole piece in my mouth and fumbling to chew while looking like a chipmunk loaded down with nuts for the winter. Dainty and elegant, I was decidedly not.Overall, a nice place and good food but with several other Italian options (hello, Otto and B&B) just steps away, Canaletto comes in a distant third.
4	We ordered the seppie nere risotto and the lunguine alla buranella. Both were incredible.
3	Meh.  Cool atmosphere in "Piazza San Marco".  Great to try once, but the quality of food wasn't up to Vegas caliber.  For a far superior dining experience at the Venetian, try out Bouchon upstairs.
5	Ask for Jackie as your waitress and enjoy the best dining experience in Vegas. The food is fabulous. But Jackie made it a night to remember. If you're ever in San Francisco, Jackie.... just sayin  :-)
2	This was my second time coming here, and I actually loved this place once. I wish I can say the same for my second visit. It was just not as good as I remembered it.I was raving about this place before, and actually have been meaning to come back. Now I wish I didn't come back and just kept that sweet memory.What we ordered:*CAPESANTE CON RISO DI VENERE (Grilled sea scallops with black Venere rice salad of fennel, radicchio, micro arugula, crispy lemon slices and parsley - $27.59) - Loved the scallops, but the venere rice salad ruined it for me. It was sooo citrusy and sour that it almost kinda starts to burn your lips. The rice was also hard to eat. It was either the rice that was at the bottom of the pan and was over cooked, or the rice wasn't cooked enough. It became difficult for me to enjoy the food. I don't know if that kind of rice was suppose to be like that, but I've eaten plenty of rice in my life, and I don't think it should be like that. I told our server about my rice sitch... and she gladly brought me back better batch of that rice which was much better.*LINGUINE ALLA BURANELLA (Thin flat pasta with mussels, prawns, scallops and clams seasoned with tomatoes, crushed red pepper, garlic and trebbiano wine - $25.99) - What my bf ordered... I tried it and it was mostly pasta. It didn't have that much flavor, and was pretty bland. The seafood, however, was perfectly cooked, so at least that was good.I guess this restaurant has a different people cooking the seafood and their carbs? Because the carbs (which makes up most of the dish) is really off while the seafood is on point. This is one of those restaurants that didn't really justify the price of the food. I've had better Italian food for a fraction of their price.**Their restrooms are upstairs. Why? I don't know. It also doesn't seem like it's being maintained properly because the door for the stall wasn't in good condition. I mean it's not dirty per se, but it's starting to look run-down.
3	This place is fine. Not great, not special, not bad. Just fine.Sadly some of you think this is upscale Italian. No it is not. I would put this slightly below Maggiano's, and I would much rather go to Maggiano's than this place.But it wasn't up to me, it was for the wedding party to decide. We went here for the reception dinner and it was ho hum. But most importantly the bride and groom had a good time so that's what counts. We had a separate room over looking the Square- er mall- and it was fine. The food was ok. Most of the steaks were overcooked and everything else was fine but nothing to write home about. The bread was amazing, warm and incredibly soft. The server really worked his tail off. He could have used some help at times as we were a party of 12.This is what I would expect from your basic, yet overpriced, Vegas hotel/resort restaurant.
1	Very disappointed with this restaurant. waiters and atmosphere were great but it goes downhill from there. Most of the food was terrible.First ordered a ribbon pasta with mushrooms and chicken, the chicken was hard and almost tasteless. The margarita pizza was very oily. The other pizza we got had olives, tomatoes and some other veggies, very oily and tasted salty. Really the only good thing was the atmosphere and that's not enough.
4	I have eaten here twice on different occasions and so far the food has always been good and the service excellent. I think the prices are reasonable.
5	Last time I was in Canaletto I didn't have a great experience my server was hardly there and she barely checked on us. She didn't see if our food was cooked right (which it wasn't) and we had a very expensive meal. And her name was Patricia.  However I decided to try Canaletto again, and this time it was so much better. Our server Josh was awesome. He was very polite and charming. You could tell he knows what he's doing. He was very knowledgeable with the menu. Any question we had, he was able to answer without any hesitation. He even suggested and recommend the Costata Di Manzo. I took his advice and it was cooked perfectly and was so mouthwatering that I wanted another. He came over perfect amount I time. He made sure the ribeye was cooked to my liking. The mashed potatoes.....wow!!! I didn't have to ask for any refills or search for my waiter like last time. He was so attentive. I've never had this kind of experience from any server anywhere. I will be more than happy to come back but only when Josh is working. Thank you for an amazing experience Josh.
4	Located inside the Venetian shoppes on the 2nd floor, I saw the menu for this place and immediately made reservations for dinner.  We love Gnocchi and saw that they had several Gnocchi options on the menu.  We were seated in the large patio area and was able to people watch during our meal, which is always a lot of fun.After browsing the menu, we decided to order:Quattro Formaggi Gnocchi, $18.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/canaletto-las-vegas?select=cbg_W0iD07P2kHNcJKVVuQ#cbg_W0iD07P2kHNcJKVVuQRisotto w/Truffles & Wild Mushroom, $25http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/canaletto-las-vegas?select=BWH4ejqydJE6CYBS-MRxag#BWH4ejqydJE6CYBS-MRxagChocolate Cake & Ice Creamhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/canaletto-las-vegas?select=D3pgjpm-GrEgrjaGAu1xqg#D3pgjpm-GrEgrjaGAu1xqgThe Risotto dish we ordered was not on the menu, but the server said they would custom build a dish for us if we had a request.  The Better Half loves Wild Mushrooms and Truffles, so she told the server and the chef put together this dish for her.  I had a few bites and it was awesome!  Sometimes all you have to do is ask.I had the Gnocchi and it was also very good.  They were soft and pillowy and a little al dente....there's a trick to cooking Gnocchi well and they have it down pat here.  The Cheesy and Creamy Sauce was perfect.For dessert, we split a Chocolate Cake and Ice Cream....actually, I only had 1 bite.  TBH ate the rest of it....LOL.  It was very rich and sweet....perfect after a nice meal.Our server was awesome.....very attentive and willing to go the extra mile to ensure our dining experience was top notch.  I'll definitely be back.Return Factor - 100%
5	I had my wedding reception here and it was fantastic!! The food was delicious and service was prompt and efficient. Absolutely zero complaints. We had a private room upstairs. Gorgeous decor and views of the gondolas (it's in the Venetian which is amazing). My guests had choices of food on the menu. I went with the pear ravioli- it was awesome. Two thumbs way up.
5	Josh F. was our server at Canaletto Ristorante Veneto.  Good food, good atmosphere, good service. We enjoyed our meal and Josh was a great server with much knowledge and personality with a few wine and menu recommendations we were very well taken care of and would recommend a visit to our friends and family and all who read this review.
2	I am not a big fan of Italian food but I've had great Italian food before and this wasn't it! My pasta was extremely greasy and food was like warm when it came out! The only good thing was the bread and water. There is nothing special about this restaurant and it is overpriced for the quality of food you receive. You will simply be paying an arm and a leg just because it's located in the Venetian. Not worth it. You will get better food if you decide to cook it yourself.
5	Good prices, beautiful setting! I had the risotto with cuttlefish, shrimp, and scallops with natural ink. It certainly wasn't a pretty dish (as you can imagine from the ink), but it was absolutely delicious!!! My husband had the margarita pizza, and the two bites he let me try were incredibly awesome.  Large portion sizes (we finished both for breakfast). Additionally, if you sit outside, you can watch the gondolas and hear the singers- beautiful! When we arrived there was also a 3 piece orchestral group playing in the courtyard that we greatly enjoyed.
2	Very disappointed in this restaurant. . Service was ridiculously slow. They forgot our bread. The food took forever and when we finally got our risotto that was asparagus and chicken it was just asparagus. The server was nice enough to take it off the bill but that's not the point. For it being a pricy restaurant they sure weren't on their game. The food was meh. So We won't be going back.
3	Right off the bat, the location of the restaurant grabbed out attention. Beautifully located in the middle of a huge courtyard inside the Venetian Shopping Center, it's a great scenery to have during your meal. On top of that, there is a stage/platform where performers will sing and act in the center of the courtyard.Now for the food: Complimentary bread with oil and vinaigrette - 4 out of 5 stars.Main courses: Tagliatelle and Risotto beef tenderloin. The Tagliatelle was decent. Pasta cooked well, a bit on the heavy side for cream sauce, and the pork was pretty dry - over cooked. I'd give it a 2.5 out of 5.The Risotto could have been in the pan a bit longer in my opinion. Other than that, it was delicious and the blend worked really well. Needless to say, I ate every grain on my plate.Service was good, friendly, and comfortable. My only flaw in service was that I had to wait a few times for my water to be refilled. Overall, a lot of options for pasta and antipasto to choose from, beautiful "outdoor" scenery, and friendly service. If you are looking for a relaxing meal, definitely dine here.
1	We took some friends here that are from Venice, It as we had been here many times in the past and had enjoyed it.Not anymore......we were so embarrassed that it turned out to be an expensive, $300.+ for four people,disaster.Our friends wanted us to try a Venetian Spitz, which is a typical Venetian aperitif. It is made with an Italian Bitter such as Compari or Aperol, white wine or Prosecco and a Splash of soda water. They ordered 4, 2 each. When they arrived they were in large wine glasses full of ice. The Aperol one was watered down with mostly soda water but the "Compari" one was the best. It not only had ice and a minimal amount of perhaps some Compari and the wine? A red wine. When we pointed this out to the waiter he argued with us that this was the "new Compari" purple in color......LOLHe wasn't all to keen to help us as he didn't care and when about his business. Eventually a man, who we assumed was a manager, descended from his office and we were able to get his attention. He apologized and said he would replace them After about 10 min he returned with the correct Aperol one but not the Compari ones. In the interest of good customer service the manager did not remove them from the bill, then took off his coat and sat at the bar.We then ordered the wine a Soave, it was good, and a Pinot Nero (Noir). The Pinot Nero was misrepresented as being from Alto-Adage but was actually Trentino. Though they are technically the same politically, they are considered separate wine areas. As we had so much trouble with the Arparitifs we did not mention that wine was bad, oxidized, even though it was only two years old. We regretted, our fault, not sending this back.The food was good but by this time..the evening was ruined.While the manager was at the bar, so was one of the waiters at the service station. As my husband walked to the toilet he observed one of the waiters take a glass of white wine, that was on a tray with other dirty glasses, pouring the half filled glass into a paper cup and then drink it. Chink chinkThis is a chain maybe HQ should make the surprise visit.
2	The location is awesome, of course! The service; however, is horrible! My friend had her reception there this past weekend. We waited for hours to get our drinks ordered...then, we waited another 1.5 hours for our food to arrive. The room was reserved from 4-7pm, and we did not start eating until 6:15ish! You tell me if that's rude and unprofessional! The fact that my friend reserved the room weeks in advanced and they're a restaurant is unacceptable! They ruined the ambience (because people were starving!) and managed to give my friend (the bride) an anxiety attack! They should be use to accommodating a large party and getting orders in on time! Bottom line, I will never come back to Canaletto!! Stick to the buffets if you want to eat good food! Only reason I'm given them 2 stars is because the waiter was patient and had a sense of humor! The slowness was evidently out of his control!
4	Place is nice. Food is good. Ordered the roasted half chicken. It was superb.  It had a crunchy skin and was well spiced. Bartender was a good wine selector. Service was well oriented. 4 stars due to a higher price.
4	Really good location in the square inside of the Venetian shops. Really friendly service. A little on the slower side but that is okay, because the seating on the 'patio' was great and enjoyable.The bread before the meal was plentiful. I had the endive pear salad and it was fantastic. For $12 it was very small though...almost could have just been a starter.I would go here again to just enjoy the enviroment and people watch.
5	A tradition for us has been to eat here on major holidays when we visit Las Vegas. Besides the major holidays, we have made a tradition of coming here for New Year's Eve Dinner. If you do come on by, ask for Jesse or Jean-Carlos. Both waiters have been the best so far. Even this year when there was a set menu, the waiters will try to accommodate you. The usual holiday pizza is pizza marghareti. Pizza Cristina is the one we usually order which has proscuitto ham. We got that instead of the regular pizza that was on the set menu. The staff is very warming and you feel like you are in Italy when you dine here. The risotto is to die for. We tend to either order the linguine with the seafood or seafood risotto!  To top off that of, we order the tiramisu for dessert. No restaurant yet has been able to beat their tiramisu. Since I live in California, we go to their sister restaurant which is Il Fornaio. Tiramisu is my favorite dessert, overall. When I am gambling myself in the Venetian or Palazzo, I tend to get this craving for the tiramisu. So, I will stop gambling, head over to Canaletto and order a cappuccino and tiramisu. What a treat. When I could be gambling and losing money, I treat myself to a wondrous treat! It does not get better than this! I am in heaven! If you love seafood, come and order the linguine with shrimp, mussels, and clams. If you are not big on seafood, then order the ravioli, or spaghetti. But definitely for sure order the tiramisu!  for more my reviews, check out my blog. http://tastypalateandfoodie.blogspot.com
2	Two stars for the "view" and that's all I'm giving. This isn't my first time here because unfortunately my mother really likes the view of Mark's Square and the cleanliness of the restaurant. However, I must say, my experiences here have never been good which has compelled me to finally write this review. This time around, I was not only reminded that everything is over-priced but just overall the food is NOT good! I was so disappointed and cringing with displeasure by the time our bill came. First thing that irked me was the waitress at the register directing guests to tables. She looked like the HBIC and acted like one too. I came around 2pm to see if I could make a reservation for 5:30-6. She said she wasn't taking any reservations but that if we were to walk in around that time, she'd be happy to seat us. however, that all sounds dandy and great when you're just reading it without the tone of voice she was saying it in. She was the most snarky and easily annoyed person I had ever met. Didn't make any eye-contact with me, had her head bent down, hurriedly dealt with me and asked for the next guest in line. What type of quality service, or lack thereof, was that? Unfortunately, we did come back for a meal a couple hours later and I will regret the decision forever. We ordered the proscuitto pizza, the pear and gorgonzola salad, I tried the salmon, and we felt like we needed some type of appetizer to tie the meal together. My waitress had then recommended the caprese salad. We read the description, saw what we were getting and agreed to try it. When the salad came out, it was literally THREE PIECES OF TOMATO the size of two quarters each, with a blob of mozzarella over it. Are you kidding me? The tomatoes weren't even Roma tomatoes, and for $11.99, it was not worth it. As for the pizza, I was also really disappointed in the taste. It tastes and looks like proscuitto and cheese was dumped onto a warm piece of flatbread. I understand you may not normally bake the proscuitto with the pizza, but this pizza was just not done well. The flavor profile was also very bitter and I hated it. As for the salmon, it was meh. Not bad but not crazy good. I have no complaints about it but also not rushing to order it again. Overall, I would not recommend this establishment to anyone and if anything, please go try Traittoria Reggiano. It's a small, hole in the wall, and doesn't have the view as this place where you get to enjoy the performances in the plaza, but the flavors are there and worth the bang for your buck! Even chains like BRIO or Maggiano is better than this place!
2	Not the first time and only because it's a party. Horrible service waiter picks up my salad plate take the knife off of it and places it on the table with a big wad of lettuce still on it. Appetizers where horrible I'm hoping I don't get sick from the mushroom caps, drinks where watered down. Main course wasn't so bad steak was ok but potatoes where cold and veggies had a horrible taste.  So many great places to eat in town and they pick this dump.
4	Last night we came to Canaletto for my 30th birthday! All I have to say is delicious! Food was amazing, service was great, and the view of St. Marks square was nice too. All around great experience. We will definitely be back.
1	Couldn't have been worse. Food was HORRIFIC. Service was terrible. Overpriced garbage. NEVER AGAIN!!!Got the chicken cannelloni; took an hour to get to table. It tasted like grade D chicken doused in powered milk and aged vegetables. I've literally never had worse food. How does an Italian place mess up pasta?!?!TWO HOURS later we FINALLY get our server to bring check (even though we gave up on eating the crap after 20 minutes... we still had to wait for her to come around).  We asked for separate checks, and she acts all flustered, and takes ANOTHER 40 minutes to bring us the split checks. We each just ordered ONE Thing; why is that so hard?!?!We were there for a business dinner, and while the company and conversations were great, we were all distracted from how horrific our food and service was. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY. Unless you have 5 hours to kill and no taste buds.
4	Loved it! The Fish (sea bass) was prepared amazing and the sauce with capers, Oh my gawd!!!! It came with a bounty side of spinach and fingerling potatoes - the service was spectacular - the breads served with olive oil and balsamic was so yummy!!!! I also sampled the chef's special which was a pasta dish and I wasn't crazy about it, but ordering off the menu was sufficient enough.....A+ in my book!!!
3	Canaletto isn't the best Italian in Vegas but it's certainly not the worst either. Be prepared to wait come dinner time - think we waited close to an hour. I got the cannelloni di pollo, which is pasta tubes filled with chicken, spinach, sundried tomatoes and mozz with tomato sauce. I think I would've liked it a lot better if the chicken was left out. My mom and sister both got risotto dishes and they absolutely loved it. My dad got a seafood dish and was on the fence just like me. Definitely better Italian in Vegas but as my three stars indicate, Canaletto is a-ok.
1	Went here last nite. I had veal which was tasteless. There were three of us and each agreed the the food was dissapointing. The location is amazing and would imagine they survive by new customers. I wouldn't think locals would come back here.
4	One of our go-to places during our annual trip to LV.  It has for years been a lunch destination; this past week was our first try for dinner.   We weren't disappointed.   Food was delicious, service was great and we love the atmosphere of sitting "outdoors" in St Mark's Square.
1	We were in Las Vegas with our two teenage children last week.  After an afternoon of shopping in the Venetian we came upon Canaletto.  The menu looked inviting, and the location is beautiful.  We noticed several empty tables.  When I checked in with the hostess she said it would be a few minutes.  We waited 10 minutes, watching her argue with a co-worker.  An older gentleman walked over and seated our party of 4.  Once seated, we waited for 10 minutes and no one offered water or to take our order.  My husband and I feel if we aren't approached after 5-10 minutes, the restaurant isn't worth our time.  We did notice the people seated next to us were also upset;  they had bread & water, but told their waiter they had also been waiting for someone to take their order.  It is unfortunate this kind of service occurs in a busy resort like Venetian. We got up and walked out.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Vegas. I always go when I visit. I have never had a bad experience, the food is awesome and so is the service. Great location inside the Venetian mall with inside or out on the "porch" seating to see the gondola's go by, etc. I would say the best thing is the awesome dessert tray they will bring to your table, it has like 15+ choices that all look and taste amazing.
4	We had dinner in piazza San Marco while listening a very nice piano and violin concert, and having tasty Italian food...what more could you wish for. The polipo con patate was nice and filling. The fried calamari were not that worm but the taste quite Italian...The risotto was delicious.They are very Italian also in the service, polite and friendly.If you are in Vegas don't miss this spot of Italy!!!
2	The staff make this place fe very Italian, but the food and drinks fail miserably. I could not taste any alcohol in my Baileys and coffee. Our deserts were not that great either, Apple Crepes that were cold and tiramisu that was thin and dry.
4	Nice place , pleasant environment, good quality food and good wine selection.Descent pricing , good service .Dined with my friend , had fun ,  waiters were attentive and very friendly.Would go again
3	Kinda over priced for what we got.  The food wasn't bad at all.  Service........a bit slow.  We paid $50 per head for a set menu.  I ordered the SALMONE ALLA GRIGLIA - chinook salmon fillet grilled with lemon-oil and parsley sauce; served with roasted yukon gold potatoes and sauteed seasonal vegetables.With our meal came the bread, salad and tiramisu for dessertSalmon was tasty, potatoes were cooked to perfection and seasoned well... I just didn't think it was worth $50... especially when the service was slow.  We had one server for our party of 20...... We had a private room for our party.......it was nice and intimate.The server did everything, but it seemed like he really wasn't there.  They should have had an extra server so they could cater to us...... oh well. If you don't mind the price, its worth a try.
1	Food, service and options were terrible.  Just stopped in for desert and coffee.  How can you mess up desert and coffee??  Well if you want the worst desert and horrible service, go to caneletto.  With so many other options around, I was really disappointed I wasted my time, money and calories at this place.
3	Amidst the beautiful atmosphere of the Venetian, Canaletto serves up decent Italian food in a setting reminiscent of Italy. They have a variety of dishes on the menu, from pasta to pizza to meat entrees. I had the fusilli al pesto, which came with a good amount of al dente pasta in a pesto sauce. I found the chunks of potato to be a little strange, and the pesto ended up being a little oily for my taste. My friends ordered other pasta dishes, the best probably being the seafood linguine. The meal overall was good, but not particularly memorable; however, the portions are definitely just right for the price that you're paying.
1	Mama Mia, that's a shitty restaurant!Pluses: nada damn thing. Ok, the rotisserie chicken was fall off the bone tender, but no flavor.Service: slower than a granny in a marathon. Minuses: slow ass and unprofessional service (yes, Jackie B) I mean you. An hour to get our salad? Yes. And to bring one of the wrong salads, pull your head out of your ass and LISTEN to what your customers order. The beverages were even wrong. The side dish for my meal was wrong and they didn't even have the entree my friend wanted to order. Summary: 2 hours later, 2 unsatisfied customers, 2 cases of diarrhea. 2 votes to NEVER return. With all the great dining options here like Delmonico and even Carnevino, stay the hell away from this place. It's bad when you can say the food court would have been a better option!
5	Went here for lunch and OMG! was it ever delicious!  The octopus appetizer is very good. I also had SEPPIE NERE 22.59Risotto with shrimp, scallops and fresh Mediterranean cuttlefish with natural black inkIt doesn't look very pretty, but this dish is wonderful and one of the best things I've ever eaten.  Highly recommend both of these items.  The wait staff was very kind and helpful.  We sat in the fake "outside" area which was quite lovely.  The only annoying part was there were opera type singers close by in the open Venetian mall area that were extremely loud... so loud that we needed earplugs I kid you not!  We were so happy when they stopped.Also wanted to point out there is a happy hour that looked really good.  There is no mention of it on their website or anywhere... I would have gone to it if I had known since they have some food items half price I believe and drinks at a discount.  Will definitely go back to this restaurant every time I return to Vegas... just hope they fire the opera singers!   :)
3	Got the linguine &  that one drink strawberry & prosecco (sparkling white wine), the lady forgot to check my ID... Pros:TOMATOES, the little fresh-like chunks, I love tomatoes. The herbs on top (well one), was a nice crisp addition.Shrimp, was delicious! Sauce wasn't badCons:Mussels and clams tasted bad, not fresh, it was a very bad taste.Neutral/Mixed-feelings:The linguine was on the harder side, but I guess it was good.Aside from the use of tomatoes and I did like the herbs, my boyfriend makes better pasta.. And it was pricey.. The drink wasn't bad, neutral on it, it's sweeter than a bellini for sure. (peach &  prosecco)*The bread in the beginning is delicious! My whole table liked their food except for the one who ordered pizza, but what do you expect. We practically finished our dishes (party of 8)The lady at the front said they don't do reservations, but they did for us anyways.Waiter was nice, friendly, seemed to know things or remember other people's suggestions if not knowing. Theres a port wine that many seemed to love (the bartender recommended it). They don't have sweet white wines.She spilt the check for all of us, so that was nice.
5	Very nice Italian dinner with the parents. Service was great and prices weren't too bad considering the quality of the food. I recommend the taglitelle al gorgonzola. Creamy yumminess but not too overpowering (don't really like it when it's TOO creamy). The shiitake mushrooms are an interesting addition, but enjoyed it. If you're around the Venetian and want a quaint date, I think this is a good spot.
5	Been here a few times when were in town and you can't beat the ambiance. The bread is to die for, they are owned by Il Fornaio. I had the seafood risotto everytime and it's freaking delicious! Long wait so make a reservation. Love this place, 5 stars for sure!
4	Canaletto is located half "outside" in the square of the Venetian's Canal Shoppes and half "inside" the actual restaurant. We arrived as a 5-some with no reservation on a Saturday night at about 7:30 PM. This had been a slapped together plan after another dining option fell through with a newly-married couple, myself, my husband, and mother of the groom.Luckily, they were able to seat us inside and we waited no less than 5 minutes. Ambiance of the restaurant is Italian, with masks on the walls and dim lighting. Our server was exceptionally nice, especially since many in our party had picky pallets. Started with complimentary bread, olive oil and balsamic. Bread had a crusty exterior and soft interior. My husband also managed to grab the only roll served that had raisins in it. Next drinks; I ordered a Willamette Valley Riesling because I'm fairly certain I've had that varietal before and I enjoyed it, especially since it was the cheapest wine on the menu - still very good. Also, the have some decent beer options, as both the males at the table ordered and drank a few Blue Moons.I was torn between the Bolognese Gnocchi and the Canelloni Chicken. I do love ordering gnocchi at nice Italian restaurants, but I asked the server which I should have and she said the Canelloni. Although the Canelloni was good, came with two sauces (cheese-based white and tomato-based red), I felt as though my meal was a bit disappointing compared to everyone's elses's at the table. Also, I thought the cheese sauce to be a bit bland, like it needed something, but the mushrooms on the dish helped, and the chicken was tender - a rotisserie-style, tender, and flavorful.My husband ordered their special that night - a pasta with a lobster-bisque sauce, sea bass, salmon, shrimp, and clams, and mushrooms. I tried it, it was divine.The server was also able to get a chicken alfredo dish made for someone at our table who was quite picky. Obviously an "off menu" item they basically just whipped together for our table. And lastly, our bride was suffering from an inability to select something off the menu as well. Instead our server asked us what type of meat she would like, she said lobster. So, they also, basically just made a pasta dish, plopped it into a fabulously cooked lobster and delivered it to the table. Honestly, it was a lovely sight to see and she said it tasted amazing.Lastly we ordered some gelato all around. I got the strawberry with dark chocolate, which came with a nice, crunchy-sugary biscotti and had a tasty, but not over-powering strawberry taste. A light dessert, so a nice end to a heavy pasta meal.Our server was a very nice woman, catering to our whimsical table and happy to take pictures of the bride and room and the party.Only thing I could say is, they were definitely aware we were a wedding party, but really nothing special was done for the bride and groom. I thought perhaps a free dessert may have been in order, with a "Congratulations" written on the plate? I've seen that a lot in other restaurants, so I was surprised when nothing of the sort emerged in surprise-form for us.None the less, it was a nice meal for us all, especially since the original plans fell through. Also, many props to the waitress for crafting some off-menu choices. Out of a lot of "Italian" places this one was certainly better than some I have been to in Vegas.
5	Exceptional food and service. The special smoked salmon Alfredo was particularly spectacular. The black risotto was very good as well.
2	I had pear ravioli which sounded great - it was 'meh'.  Nice location in the Venetian, but I wouldn't eat there again.  Too much great food in Vegas.  Great service though.  Authentico!
4	Really good
4	I liked this place so much, I went to lunch twice here.  What great Italian food. We ate "outside" so we can catch the "street" shows.  The pasta was so darn good.  Cappelini pomodore, chicken cannelloni, linguini and clams, and calamari are delish.  If you are looking for some good eats in the Canal shops, then this is the place.
1	Serving is absolutely awful. Dont come if you dont want to waste your time here. Seriously! The waiters and waitresses are mostly blind and they wont notice you until you stand up and walk to the front desk.
1	Just finished sitting at Canaletto Ristorante, the food was subpar, the pizza they call Margherita pizza was just a tired old cheese pizza and the waitress took it upon herself to not add the basil because I had kids with me instead of asking me if I wanted basil which we did, I tried ordering something else off the menu and they took forever to bring it so I have to cancel the order while the kids got to eat the regular cheese pizza they call Margherita pizza we had asked for the check to go to somewhere else to eat, not even the manager came out to ask if everything was okay they just gave me the check that was it....
4	Extremely good pizza, with very tasty cheese and super thin crust goodness. I just has the margarita pizza with a salad, and they offered Parmesan cheese. When I said yes the dude came back with a block of Parmesan and shredded some on our pizza and salad, so good. So, I suggest this place if you feel like Italian, no wait on a Saturday night and decent prices.
5	One word---Delicious! We took some family members here while they were visiting from out of state. Each meal looked better than the next. Everyone was perfectly full afterwards. There was a definite ambiance to the restaurant. And even without reservations, our group was seated immediately inside the restaurant overlooking the Grand Canal. The waitress was great and accommodated nicely to my neice's 'picky' requests, which was greatly appreciated.
5	Great food, very good service and ambience ! One of the best Italian foods' that I have ever had...slightly pricey though ( but that can be expected in a hotel like The Venetian )....highly recommend this restaurant !
2	Service was horrible! Food was decent and there was a nice wine selection. Our server was a mere order taker and was borderline rude. This dinner was a splurge for us and we were left wishing we would have made a different choice. Do yourself a favor and get your order to go!
1	On the menu, the chef claims that seasoning is the most important part of cooking.  Perhaps they should season their overlooked gnocchi.  But at least the service is slow, so you're hungry enough to force yourself to eat it when it finally arrives.
3	Like a number of other experiences in Las Vegas, Canaletto is a restaurant which should offer a top quality meal and experience in a creative upscale environment.  While we found the food quality to be good, the execution wasn't up to par for the price point of the restaurant.We were a tad early for our 6pm reservation - oops, didn't seem to read the note that we wanted to sit "outside".   Oops, didn't remember to bring you a glass of water without asking (it's Vegas in July for heaven's sake!)  The bread basket was generous, fresh and served with olive oil - oops, didn't offer balsamic vinegar (like other tables received).  We asked for the latter and it was mixed with the oil rather than offered in a jar or a separate dish.  We painstakingly reviewed the wine options and asked for 2 glasses off the specials menu - oops, didn't tell you that none of those are available, you need to choose from the wine list.  We ordered the grilled polenta as an appetizer - oops, didn't think to offer it with a bit of red sauce to accompany it.  Our main courses of grilled free-range chicken and sea bass (bronzino) were both very good and served hot with a side of spinach.I think that this would be a great place for a group as there is room for a larger table, sitting "outdoors" allows for one to boisterous and the little details wouldn't matter as much.  However, for a couples night out, we found ourselves let down by the service and attention to detail.If one does choose to sit outside in St Marks Square, just keep in mind that when the performers start, it can be quite noisy.Canaletto is not inexpensive and I think that we just were expecting a better overall experience.  That said, it's still a nice setting and reasonable experience.  4 for the food, but 2 for the service - so, overall, a 3.
3	The employees spend tooMuch time with there backs to the customers talking amongst themselves instead of focusing on providing better service!
5	Delicious food!! The place is run by Italians! I had a plate of gnocchi with pesto, amazing!! Real pesto, the real Italian taste! We spent 35$ each for a pizza/pasta and wine. The location is superb!
5	I had my wedding reception here and not only was the groom and I pleased but all of our guests as well!! All of the food was delicious- salmon, ravioli, chicken, and veal, Chicken caesar salad, minestrone soup, bruschetta, and bread. The service was swift and considerate. The maitre'd was attentive and kind. I hope to return next time i am in vegas and definitely for an anniversary dinner!
2	Bad service! Food was not even mediocre! This placed rocked years ago, yet has gone downhill pretty hard! Really sad!
4	The food was nothing too special, but I did enjoy quite handily the risotto dish I had. Thing that really made me like it was our server. Dude was tri-lingual, hilarious and clearly going to do well for himself. He knew his stuff, was attentive and paid attention. We walked up for lunch. Was window shopping while waiting for my brothers to recover from the previous night. Kids need to learn how to handle themselves (har). So we sorta were there way longer than we should have been. Waiter didn't seem to mind. Decent food, more apt to show off the location...it is in the middle of a big fake piazza of course. Good for if you have no plans and don't care. Get to it.
4	I went here for a team event and had a private room. The service was good. The view and ambiance were awesome. There is an upstairs and downstairs. The setup was really nice. We had a few appetizers that were really good. Had a filet mignon with roasted potatoes and broccoli and it was really good and flavorful! The drinks were strong which was my favorite part lol! We didn't have access to the full menu but I enjoyed everything we tried and the service as well. Will be back to try more.
3	Located in Venetian near the living statue performers towards back. Two different trips and visits. First visit was last March. Recent visit confirmed our opinions of the restaurant. Each time we were friendly greeted and escorted by the hostess to the table and bar respectively. Each visit the courteous servers and bartenders were efficient to exchange pleasantries and to take drink orders. Both trips we ordered pizzas and wine. First trip we ordered a salumeria assortita. Included int eh salami sampler was coppa, speck, bresaola, salame de parma, prosciutto san daniele. Salami sampler was a balance of savory, spicy, and smoked salumi meats. Also served was freshly made bread with vinegarette and oil. Bread was warm and soft. We finished like three baskets before the end of the meal. Second trip we had the bruschetta. Fresh tomatoes and cheese on a grilled ciabatta. A simple overpriced bruschetta. Ciabatta bread was a little more grilled than expected. Tomato helped to draw out some of the toughness seen with bread used for bruschetta. Otherwise little bruschetta for price paid. For the pizzas we have ordered the salsiccia piccante and calzone. Salsiccia with sausage, peppers, onion, mozzarella, and pepperoni sauce. Ingredients generously found on slice of the pizza. Fresh hot out of the oven. Bursting with aroma and strong on flavors was the pizza. This was a good pizza and it will leave you full. Calzone with mushroom, mozzarella, ricotta, and ham. A fairly sized calzone with equal amounts of the various ingredients. Hints of sweetness from the sauce and seasoned appropriately for the encumbering the hot meat cheese and vegetables. Crust was a little burnt but not to the point of hurting the taste.Each visit we have had wine. Large selection and good recommendations of the bar staff can be found here. One of the choices became one of my favorites. William Hill Chardonnay, Central Coast 2012. Crisp refreshing and sweet. Staff is personal and knowledgeable of menus. Service and kitchen are efficient. Food is okay overall with some stellar plates and some plates with some minor corrections needed. Regular prices are competitive and happy hour deals are fairly good. Overall three stars. Would be four stars without burnt calzone and the  lackluster bruschetta. Will likely be back for happy hour wine and pizzas.
4	I ordered the simple Angel Hair Pasta and it was cooked perfectly!  Their pizza was very good too!
4	I booked a reservation for 25 guests at the Il Morro private dining room for my wedding reception. PROS:-the venue had amazing views of the Venetian interior St. Mark Square- beautiful table set ups and open columns venetian style- great service- good food- accommodating for wedding decor- quite, romantic, location- private location- easy access to bar- very professional servers and quick serviceCONS- expensive- music was expensive to rent equipment, 150$ for music box with iPod dock, this equipment costs less to buy- alcohol drinks were way expensive- wish they could've worked a deal so that my guests could have more alcohol at a cheaper price (like special drink for the wedding)-  maybe offer more services for weddings - like so that they can set up your decor (simple set ups, easy to do and adds to customer satisfaction)Honestly though, there is no minimum here which is amazing.
4	Ambiance was amazing... Food was good...service was lacking. But to eat dinner in air condition while it feels like a night outside in Venice is priceless!
5	If you are looking great Italian dinner, swing by and you will truly enjoy there service, food and view of all the people walking by, there calamari or minestrone soap is just a perfect way to start your meal, as for entree go with there baked in salt Seabass, it takes around 25 min to make but it is so worth it, plus they can remove the bones in front of your table for you if you like. :-))
1	Looked real nice from the outside. The hostess sat us and we began to look over the menus. After about 5-10 minutes nobody ever acknowledged us, I looked around and noticed several employees but it was if we were invisible. After 10 minutes of no contact from anyone we decided to leave. As we walked out we told the hostess why we were leaving, she said the waiter must be on break... What!!!
4	The ambiance outside was great. We came on a Fri night with a reservation on a holiday weekend and we were still seated within 5 min of our arrival. Our waitress was not only knowledgeable about the food, but very kind and on top of it, she didn't hover over the table which makes me nuts. I ordered the risotto (vegetarian) and it was so delicious. My mom ordered the Pennoni Al Ragu and also loved it. The serving was quite large for both of our dishes which was nice because when you pay a lot for a meal, I feel like you are always served small portions. Next time I go to Vegas, I'm going back to Canaletto
5	Awesome place! Excellent food, great service and a nice atmosphere. Next time I'm in vegas I will be back!
4	Not the top Italian restaurant in town but a great spot for a lighter style of Italian if you don't want too much. Also a great spot for lunch especially with larger groups. Service was not too bad. Has a great location though in the Venetian.
4	Ordered the calamari and the seafood linguine to split. The complimentary bread assortment was tasty, though I personally thought their balsamic vinegar was too sour.The calamari was lightly breaded, with the most amazing marinara sauce I wanted to take home with me. It came with a polenta square which I didn't quite understand. The seafood pasta was delicious, a little oily but with a generous amount of seafood.We were seated in the "outdoor patio" area and were fortunate enough to catch an opera performance while we were dining.Bill came out to about $50 without drinks.
5	Best Italian food in vegas!  Decent prices but well worth every penny. Also nice atmosphere
5	Food and SERVICE were over and above. Roger served us with great food and incredible service and conversation. We will be back
2	I spent a lot of time at Canaletto in the early 2000s but was disappointed with it when revisiting it this past week. Ten years ago the food was authentic and beautifully presented, but the other night the best praise I can muster would be "passable." None of the five in our party felt that they had anything special. Canaletto, with its "outdoor" seating in the Venetian's version of Saint Mark's Square, is still a nice enough place for an American, albeit uninspired take on Italian food. But with so many better food choices in Vegas I can recommend it no longer.
5	Had an amazing dinner here.  Our waiter David made the whole experience wonderful.  He was very knowledgeable and helpful in wine, appetizer and dinner choices.  The atmosphere was like sitting in an outdoor restaurant in a piazza in Italy.  Loved it!  I
5	I expected this to be a touristy overpriced cheesy restaurant but I was mistaken. I had the ribeye steak it was cooked exactly the way I asked and the vegetables that came with it were cooked perfectly definitely a five star in the middle of St. Mark's Square!
3	Nice Italian restaurant in Venetian mall. The place is nice and service is great. The food is ok nothing very amazing. I ordered the minestrone soup, pasta and pizza.  The food was ok nothing to rave about.
5	Delicious risotto...one with shrimp, artichoke and mushrooms, the other with tomato sauce, garlic.....and fresh mozzarella! Super Tuscan glass of wine was the best of our choices.
3	Hmmm - while a fan of the Mothership (Il Fornaio), this paled in comparison. It was fine, but overpriced and not nearly as good as I was hoping for. The spot is convenient if staying at The Venetian or Palazzo, but also convenient if you want to see the canal area there. I made a reservation on Open Table and had a nice hightop table awaiting me upon arrival. My sever was attentive and brought true Italian style to his work (calling me "Bella" and using other Italian phrases). They provided bread and olive oil with balsamic on the table, but the bread felt and tasted old. I started with a cypress salad and it was just OK. I then opted for the four cheese gnocchi at the waiter's suggestion, and while they did melt in my mouth, I wasn't thrilled with the green bean bits throughout the sauce. I finished with the cannoli - I have had better, and it was four mini ones versus a big one. All in all, three star meal.
4	Five stars if I'm rating the happy hour. Four pizzas at $7 each and they're huge and delicious. Then all the drinks are $7 and beers are $3. Nice atmosphere and great service. Happy hour is only at the tables by the bar so it gets full.
5	The food is good here. As an Italian I know I can count on a good risotto and a good pasta. For me that's a basic requirement at an Italian place. The service was good and we were inside, away from the crowds, which was a bonus.
2	Not good. Olive oil a little bitter. Margarita pizza was blah. Crust was way too thing and droopy. Fried veggies were ok.
4	I loved that it was indoor, but had an outdoor feel. This area is just breathtaking. Food was delicious. Service was great
2	Service was poor. Vegetables not served with main course and coffee never made it with the dessert. This place has really fallen down since I last ate here. Choose someplace else if you have time. The value is not here!
4	Service: excellent for CES crowded crazy, which is what it was yesterday. We were able to be seated after a short wait, and our waitress worked hard.Ambiance: it's ok and cuteFood: the food was better than average but nothing mind-blowingI would recommend it for a solid good meal.
