5	They had exactly the part that I needed in stock for a lower price than the online sellers.  The staff was friendly and knowledgeable.  I would definitely recommend.
3	These folks sent out someone to work on my yard. I had 2 issues.  One was fixed well and I am very satisfied with the work and the price, but the other issue required troubleshooting to figure out why the water pressure was so off.  The next day my regular gardner came by on his own time and found a head that was cracked and leaking and he dug up the area to show me where the puddling was occuring and asked me to call soemone to come and fix the irrigation - again!Now do I call the fellow at Sprinkler World who couldn't find the problem with the broken head?  Do I call another Sprinkler pearson?What to do...
5	I was referred here by a nursery, looking for an out of date irrigation part.  It was such a joy to encounter intelligent, helpful people who genuinely cared about service.  They fixed me up with the parts I needed and were a pleasure to work with.
4	Very helpful and knowledgable staff. The prices are actually lower than you can find on the web. I wanted to buy a new controller for the irrigation being fed up with my old one. The staff actually listened to my problem and offered to check out the old one to see if it could be fixed. They checked it out an offered a cheaper solution which did not require replacing the whole thing. You can't get this service at home depot.
4	Sometimes it seems that during my 'home improvement' projects, I break more than I fix.  Nothing says 'fun' quite like that drip irrigation system that leaks.  And leaks...  Fortunately, there are places like Sprinkler World to help me undo the damage I cause.  Typically I bring in a sample of what needs to be replaced (irrigation tubing, parts for outdoor lighting, etc.) and the knowledgeable staff easily matches the size/type with what I need.  They will also test parts to see if they can be repaired.  When I brought in my broken irrigation timer, I learned I could just purchase one component, rather than replacing the whole unit.  Nice!Helpful advice = happy me.  I will be back as soon as I break something else.
5	If you have a yard with a drip irrigation system you should get to know this place.What's the difference between them and Home Depot who sells the same stuff? Good question, I'm glad I asked.  Sprinkler World actually has people who know what they're talking about.  Sure, if you just want to buy some 1/4" tubing, go to Home Depot but if you actually have questions or if your timer suddenly goes nuts on you or you have no idea why one of the valves is leaking then these guys will explain it all to you. They actually spent about 20 minutes with me once so I'd understand how to fix something and sold me the required parts for just under $2.  Great customer service.The other beauty is I compared their prices to Home Depot - same price. A no-brainer for sprinkler/drip parts and advice.
1	The owner does not care about the employees.  Reducing hours to PT to alleviate paying health insurance and vacation time.  Great staff area leaving.  The pricing and markup is also incredible!Go somewhere else that supports employees.
