5	Jackpot - outlet center. I haven't seen so many travel size products in one store - shampoos, conditioners, lotions, soaps, etc. Endless possiblities for gifts for friends or for yourself. They sell cute travel bags so you can easily put together a kit. This store alone was a good fine. I always wait until products go on sale or friends & family to buy at the regular store. But I ended up buying a trio of hand lotion - $21 for 3 - 1oz tubes. I like the travel size lotions because I can bring it anywhere and the scents are lovely. I spent $21 for 3 and got a 0.5 oz for signing up on their mailing list. I would have definitely bought more but I could only fit so much into my luggage. Definitely heading back here the next time I come out to Vegas.
1	I am a member of L'Occitane.  L'Occitane sends me coupons which I have full intentions using.  Ironically, I visit this store location, but to my dismay, the sales clerk bluntly informed me that L'Occitane Outlets do not accept L'Occitane store coupons.  "Why?" I asked . . . The sales clerk replied, "We are an outlet already selling products below normal price; go to Fashion Show Mall and redeem your coupons there."Ok-so I left and drove to Fashion Show Mall . . . whatever!
1	I wish I could rate zero for L'occitane store in  Las Vegas Premium outlet!!I purchased the shea ultra riche visage face creme and I found out it is already out of date via the product code 4166360, which means the face cream is produced in 2010. Come on! It's been over two years now! Other than that, the face cream is an used one that is already opened by others cuz the bottle contains only half of the amount!! The cream color looks like butter and the texture is like touching the hair wax!! The color should be milky and the cream should feel like cream, not wax!! The store Sucks! The sales associate sucks!
3	It's me again to write the review for the Loccitane store in Vegas outlet. The manager do apologize for selling the opened face cream to me and resend an new one with an apology card and a hand cream soon. I'd say they are very good at following up with customers. So my suggestion to everyone is to open up products and make sure they are unused by others.  Btw, you can type the numbers on the bottom of the product and google the expiration date your own.
5	While I frequent the shop in San Francisco, the first time I ever set foot into the store at the Premium Outlets in Las Vegas was amazing. There is an associate there, by the name of Anthony (I believe) who is a breath of fresh air. He greeted every single person who walked through the door, had a very nice smile and great suggestions. I walked out having completed at least 70% of my Christmas shopping and BF walked out with face products thoughtfully suggested by Anthony. I work in the healthcare industry and get many free samples for lotions and skin products. I'd rather spend the money and have such great retail encounters as I did with Anthony.
5	A long while ago I used to work for L'Occitane (never at this location or else I would not be reviewing it by principle) and have always loved our product while not in love with some of the prices. Not that its too overpriced but this is not cheap. Its quality for what you get though and a little goes a long way. I wouldn't continue to buy their products without a employee discount now if it wasn't.There is only 2 L'Occitane outlets in the US and luckily one is here!  Yes, sometimes there isn't anything and sometimes there is so much good stuff, but that's the nature of outlets and not the stores fault. Just a note, if you get mailers you cannot redeem the gift with purchase and freebies here because it's the outlet. It makes sense to me as they do not carry the full range of stuff, but some people get really shitty about it so fair warning to go to Fashion Show if a full product range and mailer promotions is what you want. I found one of the products I wanted at a steal.  I'm a huge fan of Immortelle (anti aging / brightening product line ) and every few years they reformulate or repackage some of the line so the old one comes here. I got the Brightening Shield (spf40/PA +++ protection) for $15 instead of $57 retail. Awesome!  In the past I've been able to score other Immortelle stuff, honey water fragrance, olive face products and liquid soap.Service is always nice and not pushy. If you have questions though you should ask as product knowledge is big upon our training way back when so I assume it's still the same even at the outlet. If you see a Japanese girl, Asami, go to her as she is really great at explaining products!(Yelp 100 Challenge 26/100)
5	everytime i go to this outlet, i stop at this store.they have great discount (50% off,sometimes 75 % off) and once you shop here , you can never shop at the retail store anymore as their prices are pretty high. i love their shea butter products. they have hand creams, body creams, soaps made with shea butter and the best i ever used ! sales ladies are always very friendly and helpfull. if you are looking for inexpensive but great gifts , this is the place to go !
5	Any lady would feel more complete with one of L'occitane's hand cream. Multi-scented creams are available for $12 (Only a year ago, it was $10. Talk about inflation). My first reaction was a hesitant shrug. I was determined not to buy a 1oz tube at that price, specifically because Bath & Body competitively sell 2 oz. hand creams for only $5. But then a friend who's been in possession of a shea butter hand cream had me sample some of it and I was impressed with how soft it made my skin. This Christmas, I got mommy the rose hand cream to her delight. Every whiff takes you out into a garden full of blossomed roses. Feels like spring in every breath and I would buy one for myself one day too!Currently, they have these wonderful honey scented hand creams in packs of 8 for only $48, 50% down from its original price. If you ask me, I'd say it makes a great gifts for girls and it'd be best to get some now before they run out. Unfortunately, the bundled tubes cannot be bought alone so you will have to stick to lavender, shea butter, rose etc. if you only want to buy one. With Crabtree & Evelyn Outlet (L'occitane's London counterpart) quietly marking its territory with great sales not too far away, I would recommend this place by a mile.
