4	We've been visiting Lowe's a lot lately...and the staff probably recognize us by now.  We've been undergoing some major house improvements and although Home Depot is a bit closer, we drive the extra 5-7 minutes to visit this Lowe's.Unlike Lily D., we don't have a 10% off coupon every time we go in unfortunately.  (Those change of address forms at the post office are not always easy to get!  You have to get in line and ask for them since they hoard them behind the counter now.)  But we have managed to score a few coupons here and there which definitely helps.  And plus, the staff have been super helpful in making sure we get a good deal. We even bought some new major appliances from this location and the specialist guy helping us out definitely did his part.  When we went back (because it got further discounted), they took care of it and we got the difference, which gives them an A+ in my book.  (The only problem was that we had to return to this location specifically to get the price adjustment, they wouldn't let us do it at another location.)Overall, we're quite pleased with our local Lowe's.  The staff are pleasant and ask if you need help when you're wandering around.  The best times to go are on weekdays because it's a lot less busier and you can get a lot more personalized attention if that's what you're looking for.  Unfortunately, they've been seeing a lot of our credit cards lately which isn't a good thing for us.  But at least they have what we are looking for.  And their sales are good ones if you get there on time - we also got fans too!
4	I can't say anything but good about the store.  I was there for only a short time to buy some light bulbs.  I found what I needed, and I was on my way in short order.
2	I'm not the Mr. Fix It in the house, so this will probably one of the few reviews I'll be writing for this place.The place is clean. Star 1.The location & parking lot is good and spacious, respectively. Star 2.Not so great customer service.I wanted to find a specific item, tiny hooks to hang wood signs. I asked an employee where I could find it. He pointed & told me an aisle number. I already knew that he messed up. The aisles are huge & there isn't a big sign for metal hooks.He saw me looking around, and asked if I found it. Obviously not. Turns out the ones I were looking for were on the opposite aisle. C'mon guys, that's not a good look. Also, can you get more than one register open? You gave like 9 vacant ones, 1 register, and the customer service place. 2 Stars cause I'm nice. I'll be at Home Depot if I need anything.
1	Walked in to get a price quote on a few ceiling fans and as I was walking out I remembered that I needed some 9 volt batteries. I got turned away by a cashier cause she said she "was gonna be awhile" and she finished the transaction she was waiting on while I got in line at the next cashier. Three more people got in line at her register. Didn't get the batteries and this experience might influence where I buy my appliances.
4	Been hitting up Lowes and The Home Depot a lot recently, trying to get the townhouse I manage for a buddy out-of-state ready for new tenants.  After taking a close look and some cursory cleaning, I found so many little things that are in need of repair or replacement.I came by this particular Lowes, after buying some replacement vertical blinds that I had cut at a different store.  Unfortunately, the gal that helped me cut them didn't cut them where she marked them to be cut.  Since I was in this part of Vegas, I decided to come in and have them recut it and buy some additional items.After finding the department I was looking for, I headed out in search of an associate to assist me.  I found a cute Asian girl that works in Home Decor department, and she was able to trim enough off the vertical blinds. So it should fit the window when I head back to the townhouse tomorrow. I actually left the store and shop at other stores nearby before I realized I needed other stuff from the Home Decor department, and when I went back ~20-30 minutes later, the Tool Time Girl/model was still working in the same aisle. She was able to point me to the replacement parts I needed after I wasn't able to find them.  But she probably thought I came back to stalk her. I highly recommend shopping at this Lowe's:1) as it was not too busy2) have the same items as other Lowe's, and3) might as well shop at a hardware store with eye candy (if she is old enough, she can definitely work at one of the casino pools as a cabana hostess) associate that is also very proficient at her job.Location:  SW Las Vegas. Tropicana and Ft Apache.Parking:  5/5  Plentiful.Service:  5/5  Every associate I asked help from was able to point me to the right aisle or assist me with my shopping needed.Price:  3/5  Very comparable to The Home Depot.
5	Customer service is always very helpful. I have bought from almost every department over the past several years and have always been able to get adequate help and you can tell they really care. They deserve the five star rating for sure.
3	It's always a toss up for me to goto lowes or home depot.  Lowes has a few things home depot doesn't. Lowes is typically higher priced and when it comes to service... Lowes SUCKS!!!   I have literally stood at the end of their aisle and yelled "does anyone work here???????"  and no one was around.  I NEVER have this problem at home depot.  Their aisles are always organized very differently and I often have a hard time finding stuff.  When I do get someone to help me, they often don't know where stuff is at either and send me to multiple aisles and sometimes when you think something should be with 1 type of stuff in the store, it's not, it's 10 aisles over.  I went to the store recently with my dad looking for heavy duty wall anchors for a wall mount and the guy had no clue and sent us to an aisle that sold wall mounts instead of to the aisle that had heavy anchors.  We found it ourselves as usual.I am definitely more of a fan of home depot.
4	The employees are very helpful, but very slow at getting the product we requested because it wasn't on the shelf. It seemed like they had to go through four different people to get us one thing. Furthermore, I didn't think that some of the employees acted as friendly as they could.The check out experience was a lot better. We weren't in line for very wrong. I suggest signing up for a Lowe's credit card because it saves you 5% on every single purchase. I don't know if the items are more or less expensive than Home Depot, but I did find that a bottle of Pledge multi-surface spray was $1.50 cheaper.I would definitely go back to this location. Also, I think it is awesome that you can check store inventory via the Lowe's website, but I would call just in case!
1	The worst!  All the employees stand around up front and look at you while you wait at the customer service desk!  Is only one person allowed to provide customer service?????
4	I have a wonderful experience at Lowe's tonight. There was an exceptional worker which walked us to the stations which had the merchandise we were searching for..  His name was Raymond. and then our check out counterperson was also friendly. I would definitely come back here for more of my household improvement needs.
4	I like this store. It's clean with wide aisles, it's well organized, and they carry a good variety of "non hardware store items" (their Christmas displays and outdoor entertaining merchandise is awesome), and the employees are friendly and helpful. As a non-handy female, I find Lowe's to be much a more pleasant to shop than Home Depot.
1	I do not even know what to say. Worst customer service. All we wanted to do was buy blinds. Simple right. No. first to find someone to help is crazy. You have to head all the way back to the front of the store. Then unless you buy levolar blinds they wont even cut them for you. Which by the way they did do a few moths ago when we bought the blinds for a different room. No one could tell us why. When we asked for a manager to find out why we could not get the blinds cut, we were told, go find the manager yourself. WHAT!. I have spent so much money in this store. Never again. I will buy my blinds online. they at least cut them to the size of your window.
1	Horrible experience. Came here to get a bunkie board made for my new bed. Walked in, cashier was having a personal conversation on the phone with another employee about their lunch break so I had to wait till she got off the phone to get service. A guy from a different came over to assist me ans couldnt because he didnt know how to cut a 72x80 board so I waited for about 5/10min total while I was there just for service, im not trying to be one sided but I worked at home depot for two years and we never gave such horrible service...wont be back:/
3	The store is like any other hardware store. Stocked full of everything you need to maintain your house. However, after having purchased a garbage disposal and then finding a better deal online,  I came back to return an item. How can. It happen that when I come I with a return that the transaction happens with very minimal talking?No smile, just a blank look on the girls face. No eye contact. Just check the item back in and tell me it will go back on my MasterCard. Hand me my receipt all while looking into the store and not at me, the customer. If it wasn't for me saying "Thank You" and "Have a nice day!" You would think that we were robots. This place needs to concentrate on getting their employees more social.
1	Its laughable the people they hire here. No customer service, people on phone while trying to assist you and no one seems to be knowledgeable of the speacial order items. Most lowes we go to are too knowledgeable, this one must have missed the memo.
2	I've bought a lot of appliances from this store and the appliance people are OK.  Igor and Ricardo are especially helpful.  However the extended warranty people you have to contact in New Mexico when an appliance fails are just awful.  First, when you make your purchase your receipt will tell you your extended warranty is automatically registered.  Not true!  If you call them they probably will have never heard of you.  Then you will be shuffled between a number of people until someone seems to have a clue that you need an appliance repair.  Then you had better have in your possession the purchase date, invoice number, myLowes card number, appliance serial number, model number, your home phone or cell number, etc. because they probably have never heard of you even though in a few minutes you can find the purchase on the myLowes web site which actually seems to work!!  Then in my case I needed a microwave repair under warranty in a rental I own.  After the repair the repairman then asked the tenant to pay for the repair which of course was not required.  The repairman put the tenant's first name on the bill and my last name!  Then after six months of emails and daily phone calls to Albuquerque for a couple of weeks they finally sent a gift card to the tenant to pay him back even though on the phone they promise to return calls from "the boss" in 24 hours.  The "Gift Card" is only redeemable at Lowes for a purchase and you cannot get a cash refund!!  Outrageous!  Also I recently got an email about another repair on an oven with extended warranty in another of my rentals.  After not being able to repair the two year old oven following two attempts, they decided to refund my purchase price with a gift card.  Of course they mailed the gift card to the address where the microwave was repaired a year ago which is not where this oven is located and the gift card was mailed to a residence I moved out of two years ago.  So I tried calling to correct this using the detailed numbers for the transaction on the email and of course they hadn't a clue as to what was going on and came up with yet another of my properties.  They then put me on hold and cut me off.  In yet another recent fiasco they installed a dishwasher improperly and the drain hose came lose under the sink and flooded the kitchen.  They had used duct tape to fasten the hose instead of the proper connector!!  Since the install was done two years previous it of course was not covered under the extended warranty which was still in effect.  The so called extended warranty does not cover installation errors beyond one year!  Buy your appliances at Home Depot or R.C. Willey.  They can't be any worse although I have yet to try them.
4	One of my go-to places for home improvement. I have purchased many things here including appliances (even on black friday). great deals if you wait for them. Some times they carry things Home Depot doesn't. So i like to check both places out to compare when I need things. Good place to check out for Black Friday. Not much people waiting (unlike some other stores). Good deals on some things. As i said, even appliances. I've purchased a Samsung 28.5 cu ft stainless french door fridge a few black fridays ago. great deal ! as well as washer/dryers for my own house or rental houses.
4	Because of the kids "project days" I appreciate this store and shop here, even though it is further than competitors. I would say though, the customer service needs a lot of help. Instead of standard employees, selectively hire enthusiastic ppl.
1	Okay, I've had enough experiences here to say that this place consistently delivers poor service. There's a general pass-the-buck mentality in the store, and it's obvious there's a total lack of communication between departments. Stuff that I've put on will call (stocked items, like bulk tile, baseboards, and other like-items) on my LAR have never been available when asked for. They consistently mess up orders, and are consistently slow and inept at getting things right the first time. I paid for a carpeting quote at the tune of $40 for one of my rental houses and was put on hold for over 20mins tonight in the flooring dept. Needless to say, I'm done with Lowe's on Ft Apache. They all have the appearance of incompetence because management can't even get it right. Good luck all that try to get anything done here! If you need assistance, run away, go to another Lowe's, or go to Home Depot!
3	In reality it's a big name hardware store. The customer service has something to be desired. The associates in this store lack engagement to their customers and seem more interested in talking to their coworkers. It's very difficult to locate someone to help you, much less someone who actually knows what their talking about.  However, if you can look past the salespeople lacking product knowledge, this store does have some very good deals.
3	Im gonna keep this short. Its okay but sorta depressing in this location. They need to bring in a feng shui specialist.Typical large box but amazingly not a very good selection of basic products.I guess I like Home Depot better.
1	I ordered both closet and shower/tub doors totaling $3,300.00. The closet door company's products were great, went on easy and everything was as expected.However, The shower door company & LOWES dropped the ball in several areas. After 3 months of trying to get everything I needed to install the door and sliders I returned everything.I received the doors only on first delivery, then a week after I called,  I received the tracks and rails (which I had to go pick up because the delivery service cant give more than a half day estimate for delivery), but never received the screws and parts to attach the handles to the glass.Arizona Shower door did not ship everything with my order. Then they shipped part of what was missing but not everything. I tried contacting them directly but they never responded. I contacted LOWES on several occasions both at the store & through the websites customer service email. The website email went to a national or regional center who forwarded it to the store. This happened 4 times at least. Neither was able to get the issue resolved. At one point, John From LOWES called the vendor who told him to tell me to check the boxes the doors came in....I'm still amazed that John actually did this. (As though I had not looked). John should have told them to just send the missing hardware. It couldn't have been more than a dollar or two per door x 3 doors. Never let a vendor put it back on the customer, especially when they had to go back and get part of the order already.Typically, when a national retailer is contacted through their website, they contact the customer and do what is needed to resolve the issue. LOWES has a system that continuously passes the issue on to others at a lower level, through the store manager to the person in the department where the products are sold. (John).I typically like LOWES having done business with them in three states. This is the first time I've had to contact corporate for an issue.  The disappointment in this appears to be their customer service protocols beginning at the top. I had an issue about 2 years ago with their biggest competitor who has a policy at the website customer service level of whoever gets the email/case stays with it till resolved. This includes them proactively calling the customer and making sure they were satisfied in the end. It was not forwarded back to the store. any contact with the store was done by them. I am sure my return was put on a truck to be taken to their liquidation center to be auctioned off which means the vendor will never be held accountable for their mistakes and (poor quality) manufacturing process.
