5	I have been dealing with the owner Tony since he was up on 27th avenue and Northern years ago. I drive an '02 Chevy Silverado and my mother drives an '87 Nissan Pulsar. I have found Tony to be one of the most honest and upfront mechanics I have ever dealt with. He gives fair prices for repairs and usually quotes me in aftermarket and GM parts prices so I can decide what I can afford. He has helped me with small fixes at reasonable prices and quick oil changes as well. He always takes care of my 60 year old mother, which is nice considering he could charge more but elects not to do it. He is certified all the way and I have never had any issue with his work after I leave. I trust this mechanic and ever since he moved down to 16th street, he actually has decent parking (thank God) and more lifts.He is a good mechanic, one I trust and will continue to do business with.
5	Always honest, reliable and about 2/3 the price of my old mechanic.
5	This place is AWESOME!Let me tell, I was very pleased with the customer service and fair pricing. I came into the shop today to get service done to my 2002 Suzuki Grand Vitara. I am very happy, my car is in great condition!The employees are super friendly. Whereas most auto repair shops are seedy and try to yank every last penny from you, Tran's Auto Repair is honest and open with the customer. They tell you what fixes are urgent and need to be done immediately, and apprise you of what fixes aren't so urgent but should be taken care of sooner than later. Their prices are very fair, and they always try to use after-market parts to keep costs down, which I think is cool. They can use authentic brand/manufacturer-specific parts if you wish, you'll just pay more. The mechanic allowed me watch as he conducted the repairs, pointing things out to me. He even wrote down for me the things that would need to get done to my car next time I come in. Today was my first visit here, and I will definitely be back within the month to take care of some other issues under the hood.This auto repair shop gets an A+!
5	My AC died on the 10 on my way back to LA when it was 110 degrees outside. Desperate I fired up yelp and found this place, they squeezed me in before end of day, we're totally up front about everything and took care of everything. While it sucked to have AC bust crap out in the summer heat of Phoenix, glad it happened near these guys!!
5	Tony is very honest with pricing and the work was beautifully done!
