1	I went in to sell gold coins -- however after talking to 4 different people here - they said they had no way to test them and felt like they were fake - so they told me to take to a jewelry store across the way to get them tested.  But bring them back if they were real.   So I went and got them tested at that jewelry store and they were real.   Then went back to Liberty Coin and after waiting a while...no one was there...by the way....and 3 different people chatting with me and then they were whispering behind a wall??? They said they still could not buy the coins and they called the jewelry store also. Seemed really bogus to me.   If you are a coin store - that buys and sells coins then I highly recommend you have a way to test....or take the coins out of your name.  So I went back to the jewelry store and they bought them.  Do not recommend Liberty.
5	I decided to make a purchase of Silver and checked online prices and found Liberty was not only the least expensive but they were right down the road from me so I could pick the coins up in person.  I placed the order, grabbed some cash, and stopped leaving after about five minutes with my coins exactly as I expected.  I can appreciate how easy they make the buying process and their pricing was great in comparison to others I have purchased from.
1	I have used Liberty Metals Group in the past and never had a problem until recently.  I purchased 10 one ounce Gold American Eagles on August 5th, my check was cashed on August 20th, but I never received my delivery.  After several calls to Richard, I was told it would take about 18 months to get my delivery.  I'm not sure what kind of scam they are trying to pull, but do not trust them.  I cannot stress enough for you to stay away from Liberty Metals Group!
3	Update to below posting:  I did receive all coins as of 10-24.  While it was frustrating to wait and for many delays in the process they did make good.  It is worth noting due to the volume I purchased some coins were replaced with other silver coins of equal value which I was not that concerned about.  All coins provided appear to be new, with the nice shine to them.Original Post:  I made a purchase a month ago and still haven't received my shipment.  I have talked with them over the last two weeks and continue to be told it will be shipped the following monday / tuesday.  I was also told the store was being remodeled when i did my in-store purchase, and later found out the store in Scottsdale is closed.
