2	I went here for a date night with my dude, to see Sherlock Holmes. We Fandangoed it thinking we would beat the crowd, which we did. No line, how novel. However (always with the howevers) when we went into the theater it had somehow been oversold (or too lax of security kept people from sneaking in) The latter is a plus for punk kids like me 15 years ago, now I am 30 ( which is 65 in punk rock years) and actually PAY for things. So we were not able to see the movie, the manager refunded our money with no hassle. There was not another showing for 2 hours so we ended up kicking rocks to BWW to watch sports and drink beer. Ahhh date night.
4	I love this theater for one reason and one reason alone: they use real Orville Redenbacher butter on their popcorn. LEGIT. But really, this is a nice theater. Two stories with concessions on both floors, and it is clean and the staff has always been courteous. My friends and I went to see Kick-Ass on Sunday at 4 PM, and it was mildly busy. The theater was not full at all so we scored some really good seats even though it was close to showtime. The only problem I have with this theater is that either the seats lean back, or the armrests come up: you can't have both. This is like this for every other row. Of course my friends and I chose to lean back as the armrests were full of goodies from the snack bar. Even though this Century Theater doesn't have a rewards program, they still have one of the best deals ever: Buy & fill a reusable popcorn bucket for $6, and all subsequent refills until 12/31/10 are only $3. And since I am the ultimate popcorn connoisseur, this is a wonderful deal. Do I feel slightly like a geek coming into the theater with an empty plastic bucket? Yes. Does it make me feel better after enjoying a mix between a small/medium popcorn with real butter for only $3, whilst also saving the planet at the same time? Hell yeah it does. Come for a matinee and have the popcorn deal with a hidden bottle of water in your bag, and you'll get out of there spending under $10 with a new blockbuster under your belt.
3	This Century theater is still a good one. The box office is downstairs, theaters on the bottom, but for some reason, we've gone upstairs the last few times. There are concession stands on both floors. Bathrooms on second floor. It's clean. Not a very busy theater- judging from the last couple times we saw a movie here. Would prefer going to this one rather than the one at Boulder Station (uncomfortable seats), if I am on this side of town.
3	nothing fancy, it is just a movie theater. but its always clean as it should be, if you wanna see a flick and dont feel like waiting in huge lines sams town is always a good spot to go.
4	I like the fact that i can park close to the Theatre and not have to walk halfway thru the casino to get there. Also its close to the buffet which is a extra plus. The common area of the theatre is clean and the seating inside are pretty clean as well. Still getting raped on ticket prices and concessions and we could all stay at home and wait for it on DVD but where is the fun in that. The 3d screens are awesome.
3	Attending the Cinemark Century Theatres at Sam's Town for the first time was an enjoyable experience. Although the slightly rocking chairs look well used, carpeting appears to be fairly new and sight lines are very good. My wife and I saw "Midnight in Paris," and the visual images reflected on the slightly curved screen from a digital projector were crystal clear, and the sound from multiple speakers loud. First Look was shown, and previews and the main attraction started on time. Ticket prices were reasonable but confusing. They change by day of the week and time. Top price for all but 3D movies was $10.50 for adults; $8.00 for military members, veterans, and students; and $8.00 for Seniors aged 62 and higher. The concession stand was well stocked with edible choices but prices were steep. Bulk candy goes for $10.80 per pound, and it doesn't take too many spheres of chocolate or other sweet treats to quickly mount in accumulated weight. Restrooms are conveniently located near individual screening rooms in this 18-screen movie complex, but paper towels on the counter during my two visits were in a messy, partially wet state. This was a 3-1/2-star experience.
4	Comfy chairs, great selection at the concession stand, and decent prices. What more is there to love?
4	This theater is enjoyable and strangely enough quite empty the majority of times I have been there. But when I think about it, that's probably an extra point - no crowds to contend with!The theater is two stories and has decent rocky chairs. Most of the time things are cleaned, yep, that includes the bathrooms. Prices vary from day to day. However, they seem to continually do really good promotions. Right now if you save your ticket stub it's good for one free game of bowling at Sam's Town.Lastly, I like that you can park on the East side of the casino and not have to walk all the way through the casino to get to the theater. The reason I can't give 5 stars is because the theater does have a vacant feeling to it. No excitement factor. BUT it's still a great place to catch a movie.
2	I went there on a Friday night for an 8 o'clock show, and you figure that their might be some employees to help out at the concession stand. Before I go into that, I just have to add that having 3-D movies and not having 2 dimensional availability is down right crooked.On with the concession stand- So during prime hours there was one guy running the whole thing. I knew what I want: nachos- that's it! I took it out the warmer and proceeded to the cash register. No one there. The guy was tinkering with some lady that was navigating all over the line: to the popcorn, to the soda machine, to the candy, and back to the popcorn. He directed her to the cash register and apologized to me and added, "sorry, but she was here first." I returned my nachos to the warmer and stormed off to the movie.After the 3D unworthy movie finished, I passed by the concession stand. It's passed 10 pm, only 4 or 5 movies left before they close down for the night, and there are 4 employees behind the concession stand and no one in line.I hate to add to the Vegas unemployment, but if those people aren't gonna do anything useful, I think they should be laid off. Even when I purchased my ticket, the ticket stub ripper was right beside the the ticket purchase area. Talk about mixed up prioritizing!
2	Today i have realized i no longer like my favorite theater but a new one instead.  I took my daughter to sams town to see "Brave", reason being,  i like getting a starbucks frap inside and she loves getting ice cream.  From there everything is lacking in quality, hospitality, cleaniness, and atmosphere.Ever since going to the Cannery and their new amazing theater, i will now make this place mine.  Alas poor sams town is needing a serious overhaul or straight rebuilt with a deep scrub for its smells.  A theater should not have a permeatting smell lingering around it.  Nor should it lack the great sound systems that are now in the new theaters.Serously if they want to keep charging $12 plus for a movie, they should renovate, or go by the wayside and turn into a $1 theater like the old theaters of the past.
2	This was a one star experience, but the manager made up for it so I'm adding on another star. My mom and I went to see a Fathom Events movie, which are more expensive, probably because they are usually one day things and not usually extremely popular, and the prices are not different for a matinee. It was $25 for two to see a 2pm movie! Anyway, the concessions were kind of odd--one girl was working getting the concessions as well as ringing up customers, which ordinarily wouldn't be a problem, except the "checkout" area is like a cafeteria, and in an entirely different area than behind the food counter. This required her to call out, "I'll be right back!" to us and several other customers. It was weird. Next, the lights stayed on for around 20-30 minutes after the movie had started inside the theater. My mom went out to find someone to turn them off, and about 5 minutes later, they did. No one was paying attention to showtimes, obviously, and didn't know that there was a showing at that time in that theater. I know that movie theaters are generally cold, but this was truly freezing. I was not alone in my shivering--others were curled into themselves and I saw one teenager with his knees and arms inside his shirt. After the movie was over, the lights didn't get turned on. Being a matinee, there was a fair amount of white-heads in the theater and I was concerned for them falling in a dark theater! I went out to find someone to have them turn on the lights. The woman who I told about the lights looked at me with her mouth open like she was so scared that someone was actually talking to her. She did not turn on the lights inside the theater, or send someone who could, because nearly every person who was exiting said to her that the lights weren't on.I went to speak to a manager about someone not doing their job and keeping track of showtimes and, you know, turning lights off and on inside movie theaters. They did make it right and give us two vouchers for a future showing at any Cinemark/Century, though I can guarantee it won't be this one.
3	This theater is big and convenient because it's close to home, but it does lack cleanliness.
5	All you fools can head on over to that theater that rhymes with CAVE, but this is my number one theater of choice in Vegas. Here's why:Seating: Huge comfortable seats that recline. Plus, since no one really comes here I can comfortably rest my feet on the seat in front of me. I do this not because I have bad manners, but because I have dwarf legs and my booty goes numb if I just let my legs dangle since they don't reach the ground. Short People Problem #347.Parking: I park in an open lot on the South side of the hotel avoiding the casino completely if I want to. They also have valet and a parking garage available.Snack Bar: I am not really a snack bar movie person, but I went with someone this weekend who is and I have to say the popcorn was the best movie popcorn ever. It may have something to do with the flask we brought in, but I am still going to give it props. I can't compare the snack pricing to other theaters because like I said I don't usually order snacks. The snack bar was clean and they had five people running it so it was quick and painless.Cleanliness. I haven't noticed any Pee Wee Herman type stains on the seats so that's a bonus. Plus the bathrooms are tidy.Speaking of BONUS: I love the fact this hotel has the coolest cowboy store with bolo ties, boots, hats, hot sauce and real cowboys that will give you the stink eye if you don't look like a tumbleweed or John Wayne. My favorite part of the hotel is the fancy water show in the Atrium. There is a bar in the atrium with tables overlooking the spectacle. When I say spectacle I mean the people video taping the water show. The show is like this: Turn the sink water on and plug the faucet with your thumb. Then start humming and moving your finger back and forth so it squirts in different directions. That's the show!!! Let's record it and send it to our family members in Africa who have never seen water before! There's also fake motorized animals involved which add to the excitement. Suck on that Bellagio.Yes, this is where I go for a good time. After the movie I usually go to Sushi Twister which has some of the freshest sashimi around. You guys can keep your crowded theaters with bad parking, I will be here with the corn-feds.
1	Awful. Just awful.  Rude management. No butter, but they didn't tell you.. You wouldn't know till you tasted it. All they said was sorry we ran out after, waiting in line again to ask why when we specifically asked for EXTRA butter.. The manager had an attitude and wasn't helpful, she didn't even smile.
1	01/22/13 MATINEEWe got to this theater complex, which we've never used before, a full 40 minutes prior to the 205pm showtime of "The Impossible". But we never got to see the film. WHY? Because after waiting in a line for the box office, we were told by someone in the box office that (unlike the Century Suncoast) in order to take advantage of Tuesday-only "geezer" rates, you had to walk over to a "kiosk", swipe your Boyd card, get a coupon, then return to that box office line again, and then they will honor said coupon for the rate. Well, there was a line for the "kiosk", a Microsoft piece-of-s**t contraption. Took forever. WHY are they sending these poor, older folks over to an "electronica" device, to do this bulls**t step? Plus there was no one around to help people. Then, when one of our "geezer"s cards was swiped, it said "I cannot look up your information at this time", or some such message. So we gave up.Instead, we drove to the "new" AMC Town Square (AMC purchased the theaters from RAVE), where they are still honoring the $5 Tuesday rate, and we saw the movie! We will never return to this Century cineplex. We'll continue to go to Century Cinedome Henderson & Century Suncoast, because we've had little to any problems there. (Other than "talkers" and "seat-kickers" and "perfume factories", and we've given up trying to avoid those people. It's useless. Which is why we'll be cutting WAY back on movie theaters, in 2013 and beyond.)
4	I like this theater. It is clean and never super busy. The employees are helpful. The seats are comfy and the theaters themselves are in good condition. We like to come here because of that stuffed animal show they have in the casino. My kids love it.
4	Went to the movies tonight to see Star Trek Into Darkness.  Caught the matinee.  The movie theatre was pretty busy.  The only thing I probably didn't like about the movie theatre was the refreshments a super expensive.Also there are no free refills on the drinks.  You have to buy a whole new 5 dollar drink
5	This is my favorite theatre . I will actually drive farther to go to this location because of the customer service and cleanliness . You don't get that at other places now a days
3	Century 18 Sam's town is one of the closest theaters to my home aside from Boulder Station's regal theater which is of equal distance. The movies here are sometimes not with Regal and vice versa so either way we're coming here as well.The Workers here are nice, just wish sometimes they would smile, but i can't really complain, perhaps theyre just sad that day or upset. On Non busy days or during the start of the week, the theater is pretty much dead. Hardly any movie goers, at least during matinee i notice. So everything is clean and everything is neat which is nice. On Fridays or weekends i can see a little more action here, still not too hectic which i like as well.The auditoriums are clean and well maintained, sound is good, the screens are in ok condition. In a few auditoriums, on the screen, i see lines running from left to right as there's probably a fold or something in the screen. Doesn't get in the way of the movie but you may see it while watching.Overall A-OK not the best theater out there, but somewhere to go. Typical prices on tickets and food, can't complain. Good customer service and well maintained auditoriums.
2	I saw a movie in the early afternoon on Sunday at Sam's Town.  It was not crowded at all.  My review is mostly based on the ridiculously small water cups they give you and the uncomfortable chairs in the theater.  The water cup was crazy small, and when I asked how much it would be to get an ice water in a normal sized cup, I was told it would be regular price.  So, $4 for a small.  I took the free one and didn't get 3 full drinks of water out of it.  I understand the bulk of profits are made at the snack bar, but charging $4 for a decent amount of water is ridiculous.  Charge a dollar, you still make profit and people that don't want an ocean of soda can still have stuff to drink.  The guy behind the counter was decently nice about it, I will say that.As noted above, the seats were not comfortable.  Hardly any give, so it was hard to relax.  And, the armrests in the row I was in did not go up.  I can't remember the last time I was sitting in a theater seat and the armrests did not go up.The theater I was in was clean.  So, that was a nonissue, but the water and seating situations made the whole experience annoying.
3	I saw a movie on a Friday night, which, now that I think about it...probably wasn't a good idea ahahaha! The staff is quick and efficient at letting you purchase your ticket! I was in a pretty long line for a quick 10 minutes!! There is an upstairs and downstairs section..plus, it's as clean as it gets in a place like this.You have to know that it is the experience of a movie that makes a great movie! Everyone in this theater is good spirited and funny. They laugh at the right moments and love people! Yes, it is an old theater, but know theater manners! If you have kids that go to the bathroom a ton, sit on the edge. If you're going to make out with your boyfriend somewhere, try and hide someplace in the corner. It's not appropriate at a family comedy! All in all, it's cool that people are like this, but being at home is definitely more appropriate for you guys ;D because I've had a better experience elsewhere.
4	With various deals targeting the young, elderly, and locals plus convenient parking far from the annoyances of the strip I must say I really liked Sam's Town theaters.  Friendly staff, large screens, small crowd, and $5 on Tuesdays for first run films - what's not to like?
1	The experience wasn't all that great . It doesn't seem like the staff like there job it took a long time  just to get some popcorn . I don't recommend this place .
5	Came on a Tuesday for the $5 movie deal and had a great time with the family.The manager was very nice in that he let me use the cinemark coupon that I told him about, but couldn't get from the email on my phone.   Awesome guy!The seats at the theater were comfortable.The popcorn was delicious.The bathrooms were clean and stocked.
4	One of the best ways to beat the heat in Las Vegas is to watch movies all day in a nice cool theater. I went to Century 18 with my wife and a friend and was impressed with this theater. The concession area is set up nicely as you work your way through picking your favorite snacks and paying at the end of the line, like a cafeteria. The seats are comfortable and the sound was perfect. A nice place to escape those hot summer days for sure.
4	It is quaint, a good selection of movies to view since it has 18 auditoriums to view them, two snack/beverage bars, close to bowling alley, mystic falls and buffet.  In certain days, they have discount rate movie tickets which I like, comfy stadium style seating.  4/5 stars because you have to drive to get here.
