3	3 Stars for the food, 5 Stars for the unique experience.....I stopped by this McDonald's location for a quick lunch one day and ordered 2 Double Cheeseburgers and Large Fries.  While I was waiting for my food, someone told me about a free car show they host in the parking lot every Saturday night.My food was ready and I had a decent lunch.  It's McDonalds, so my expectations are pretty low.  Not bad for a quick meal.I then returned the next Saturday night to check out the car show.....it was pretty cool!  There are probably close to 100 cars here....everything from old classics (Chevy's, Corvettes, Camaros, Mustangs) to newer rice rockets (Acuras, Hondas, Toyotas) to exotics (Ferrari's, Lambos).  I was amazed!  Best part....it's FREE!By the way.....the McDonalds was packed and making tons of money.....great idea!Return Factor - 100% (the Car show was a lot of fun, will definitely be back)
2	Decided to stop by here (for the first time) last week for a quick fix. I'm not sure if this was an isolated incident, but this was not up to par with the consistency that I would expect eating at any other golden arches restaurant. In fact, both my Big Mac and my girlfriend's were surprising dry! I'm sorry but the secret sauce was not enough to save them! To top it off, we order combos and they really skimped out on the fries (the french fry containers were not overflowing full as I'm used to getting from other Mickey Dee's). Also, since they were new and for a "limited time" (and thank the man upstairs for that), we tried out the McBites instead of our usual McNuggets, only to find ourselves in utter disappointment. The McBites were super dry and very hard with very little meat to be found. They were more like fried batter that were sitting too long under a heat lamp. I'm not sure if I'd ever give this location a try again, there were just too many strikes in one instance. Moreover, we went through the drive-thru so it's not like we could've complained to the manager if we ate inside. Overall, this was a bad first impression at this location.
2	It's rare that I leave myself enough time to have breakfast before schlepping to work, but today happened to be one of those days (purely by accident (aka stupid garage door drama) I assure you!) so I head over to the McD's and order a #1 (Egg McMuffin) w/ a chocolate chip frappe...Let's get this straight, right out the box...there are 4 stars for the frappe and my crispy delicious potato and negative 2 stars for the McMuff due to the dried up crusty piece of gristly canadian bacon and the not fully cooked egg...gross! G'bye protein! So I ended up with a grilled cheese english muffin...I guess I should in some way thank them for pushing me one step closer to being the vegetarian I occasionally toy with becoming. My stomach is still churning at the memory of wet egg in my mouth. *hork*
1	I don't normally write reviews about fast food joints... In fact, I don't normally EAT at fast food joints. I pulled into the drive-thru for a quick chicken sandwich before a movie. I ordered my food, nothing crazy, just a crispy chicken sandwich with a little ranch added. I pulled up behind a car at the second window and then WAITED FOR TEN MINUTES. I know that isn't a huge amount of time, but what the hell were they doing in there? It's McDonald's! It's supposed to be super fast! When I finally got to the window, it was then another almost five minute wait. I asked the guy what was going on and said "there was a mixup with my food". Huh? You mean my lonely little chicken sandwich with ranch and pickles? Jeez, sorry to confuse you all!Well, i finally got it, with like 5 minutes to spare before my movie. There was barely any ranch on it and it was cold. Blech.This just reinforces why I never eat at crappy places like this. I guess it's my own fault.
1	Lol Watch "Food Inc" Then try to eat here ok? lMFAO :-)
3	When we lived in Chicago, one of the fun things our kids always enjoyed after a trip to the Adler or Science Museum was a visit to the "Rock 'N Roll McDonalds" on Clark Street.  http://www.yelp.com/biz/rock-n-roll-mcdonalds-chicagoWell, this is our own mini Arizona version of that Mickey Ds.Most fast food places can only aspire to Three Stars in my book, given their uniform bland sameness.  The only differentiation are the employees or the theme/setup of the restaurant. How many of us like In 'n Out just for the ambiance?  I'm not saying the folks who make the Animal Style have anything to worry from the Oakbrook crowd.  But, this Mickey Ds is fun. It even has pictures (not labeled) of the first restaurant that Ray Kroc built in Des Plaines, IL  It also has baseball cards, and other collectibles throughout the restaurant.  Nice!All of the employees who work here seem to care and work hard at keeping the place clean and nice.So in Yelp-ese, yes they're "Three Stars, A-OK". They check all the boxes to earn those three stars.  But, I would say they deserve an extra half star for it being interesting and fun, as well.
1	Went for breakfast this morning, and a roach crawled up my leg while sitting at my table. Went in the bathroom to get it off, and they were all over the place. Disgusting! Never eating here ever again.
4	Time for a review update.  I still love this place for the Saturday car shows, they get 5 Stars for that.  It's the longest running car show in Arizona I believe.  It's so much fun and it's free.They get a bump up in stars because over the past 2 yrs, they've delivered great customer service and the food is always fresh by fast food standards.  Also, McDonald's has stepped up it's menu and offered a variety of new items that are tasty and unique.  Their Iced Coffee is very good...and I'm not a Coffee drinker.I come here primarily for breakfast and an occasional lunch....and the car shows.If you have a free Saturday night and like cars, give it a try....especially during the nice weathered months.Return Factor - 100%
5	I love this mcDonald's not just for its food but for it's 50's decor and ambience. One of the nicest Micky D's I've ever been in, for one thing. It is well kept up and maintained and their staff is top-notch. I love their food and whenever I am in the area, I come for the Saturday car shows. That is one big highlight this location offers and it's free and fun. If you're into classic cars, come check out their show and grab a bite to eat at this fine restaurant!
5	Great 50s decor ambiance and exceptional service. Very clean and fresh food. Glad to see a manager take so much pride. Other McDs should learn from this one. Will come again for sure.
1	filled with flies everywhere, not matter if it is in a nice area, it is still covered with flies.It is zoo bad, it is on your food and walls and everywhere.
