5	Awesome shop. I used to purchase stuff from the owner of this when he started it out of his home now it is nice to see him having a shop. His prices are pretty fair I thought.  Lots of different selections of coral and saltwater fish I was in there yesterday 1-22 2-2014 he has some pretty awesome clowns that are more white with black spots and said black with white spots which would locally bred here in Arizona I have never seen these type of clowns anywhere else The staff is very knowledgeable about all items in the shop When You ask questions they don't make you feel stupid for not knowing about it like a few other shops do here locally. So go on down there check out his selection great people great place. Excellent customer serviced The only thing I would like to see is more product to choose from as I understand you just now opening new stores as of three weeks ago but you got to start somewhere
5	Just stopped in at Club Reef. Lots of new things going on. Lots of awesome fish and corals.  They have even set up a big tub by the door that contains shark and few other fish it's pretty cool. There is a Hugh carpet that is awesome unfortunately it has sold already.
4	So stumbled upon this new store on Craigslist when I was searching for fish to buy so here's the pros and cons Pros: Service: Great staff and service,the staff greeted me the first step I took into the store and love to chat and help you out with any question. Fish: This store only carry saltwater fish and even  tho when I was there their fish selection was a lil meager but what they had in the tanks was healthy and the price was far since it was a fairly new store it was very clean Corals: they have a huge selection of corals and the price are not bad either Cons:Service: none Fish: I guess they have been busy cos for the past two times I been in they where low on small to mid size fish and they where two weeks apartCorals: will I bought a Maximus clam and it had three aiptasia on it so make sure you check what your getting thoroughly!
5	You gotta love Jorell. He is an awesome business owner who is always friendly, has good knowledge of the hobby and knows the meaning of customer appreciation. He will always take care of his customers.I have been purchasing from Jorell ever since he was a wee little fish peddler, selling from his home ;) His stock is awesome, I have purchased so many things from him over the years, through various stores, and all are thriving and doing well.Moreover, I have to say my FAVORITE purchase to date is my set of LED/PC combo light fixtures that are exclusive to Jorell and his store. These lights are amazing. My 6inch clam loves these things, as well as my montis, Duncan's, trumpets, plate corals, mini carpet nems, my rose bubble tip anemone, gorgonians, acans, leathers... Everything looks great under them!! I have had a few LED fixtures from ecoxotic (garbage!), radion (rubbish) and even some full LED conversions from rapid LED (can't compare!). His lights are amazing. You will not be sorry :) I've had these over my tank since April 2013 and the colors in my tank are amazing. Growth is stellar! Other led's cause brown outs, bleaching, nuisance algae growth but not these guys. Thanks man, seriously! I LOVE these lights!! His store is clean, he always QTs, prices are fair and he is a good guy. This is the man to buy from, conveniently located (pretty central) in the valley.
5	One of my favorite stores in the valley! Jorrell is great and accommodating and always willing to make a deal or help any way he can. A must stop for reef enthusiasts!
