5	Alan's Air is AWESOME!!!  He just saved me $1400!  I had another AC repair company come out and give me a quote of $1600 for parts and labor to fix my AC unit.  I called Alan and he fixed it with one part in 30 minutes and the total was only $200!  He's a great guy and does great work!  I highly recommend this company to everyone!
5	Alan is the BEST!!  My heater broke down last year and I had CPM Air come out to look at it and after a year of trying to get them to fix my heater which they quoted me at $650 to replace a part and to replace the thermostat that they replaced last year that doesn't even work, I finally decided to get someone else in after several futile attempts to get them to call me back.  I found out in the process of calling around that I have a very unique chiller system that is rarely used anymore and not too many companies will or are able to repair these units. I ran across Alan's Air on Yelp and he was the only company out of the 4 companies I called that would work on my type of system. He came out, took the piece off and took it home with him and repaired the unit, and came back the next day and installed it, instead of telling me to replace it like most companies seem to do these days and also gave me a new programmable thermostat saving me $400!! I am so glad I stumbled across Alan and I will never use anyone else!!
5	Alan was great!  We had a problem getting our A/C to turn on as Spring came.  I called him up and he swung by that day to take a peek.  Friendly as all can be and very informative.  Turns out it was a problem with our Thermostat.  He is very reasonably priced and always willing to help find a way to make things the most affordable in any situation - while maintaining excellent quality and service.  I Highly recommend Alan's Air for any of your conditioning needs.
5	Alan was great again! I have Triplet grandsons and the air was out on half their house on our first real hot day of the year. Alan made an effort to get there himself within 2 hours of calling him because he didn't want the babies to sit in the hot house, he  fixed the problem , and saved us $$.  When my daughter in law says he is a very nice man and very fair  - thats a very high compliment:-). A nice, honest AC gu! I am in real estate and people are always asking me for vendor referrals.  alan is now my "go to" AC guy.
5	Great, honest service . . . old fashion values and customer service.
5	Called Alan a couple weeks ago after buying and moving into a new house because there was no air blowing through the vent in the master bathroom.  He asked if I could meet him the next morning at 8am, I drove over to meet him and he was there right on time!  He checked out the problem and called me to say the duct was crushed and just needed a small new piece of duct.  He tried to find the exact type of duct but they don't sell it anymore so he ran a new duct line and did all this for about $100, I was expecting much worse.  He is honest, well priced, and a great guy to work with.I just called him back this afternoon and he was here within a couple of hours when I asked if/how we could get any more air to the bathroom so he came and adjusted all our vents so that all rooms are getting equal air and it is now working great!  He gave us a few other possible suggestions on how we could improve air flow easily and went out of his way to make us a happy customer, this is 5+ stars in my book, especially for a contractor, he is great!
5	These guys are fantastic and Honest!! Returned my phone call within an hour and was out to my house the same day, diagnosed the problem and fixed it. I will always call them from now on!
5	Alan's Air is Awesome!!!  I called Alan's Air on a Sunday morning when my air conditioning stopped working and temps had been in the triple digits for days. Alan answered the phone himself and when I told him the symptoms he first walked me thru what I could do myself to fix the problem, thinking it was one of the fuses to the compressor. I was so impressed and thankful to find a person who would even take the time to tell you what you could easily do yourself to avoid a service call. I did what he said and when that did not work he stopped by within an hour and solved the problem. Alan is a dedicated professional with 35 years of experience and a very kind and honest man who I will recommend over and over!
5	Our A/C stopped working and we came home from work to find our house at 90 degrees.  I called Alan's Air and they showed up within an hour to fix it.  They were very professional and honest.  Excellent service and they are now my go to for HVAC.  Very pleased and highly recommend.
5	What a fantastic company!  I discovered one of my units not working on a Sunday.  I read several yelp reviews of AC companies, I chose Alan's Air to contact.  Alan promptly answered the phone and had one of his tech's, Phil, call me.  Phil was at my home quickly.  He was very friendly and informative.  He replaced my AC motor in less than an hour!  I felt that the price was very fair, and honest.  Phil was great!I would definitely recommend Alan's Air!
1	May be good - but must have more business than he can handle.Called and left a message that the heater in my Phoenix house had quit.  Left phone number.  No response.
